THE MODERN PRIESTS AND TEMPLES OF THE SUN. The last religions census is still a bone of conten tion to all denominations of men. The Church of England protests that its followers have boon represen ted by it at less than they really nrc ; while the Dis senters cliiini certain lost sheep which strayed, they affirm, for that particular Sunday, into the Established fold, and got counted hi with the wrong flock. Never before have the peoplo who do not go to church or chapel, been so highly spoken of ; the one party aver that these are in reality worthy but inactive members of their owu body : sleuninff tinrtnnru nf dm i?nni«n: ? tical firm ; the other ascribe their absence from the conventlclo, on tho day in question, to ill health and the unfavorable state of the weather. They are like the -Radicals in the; House of Commons, whom both factions' look upon with aversion, but flatter and con ciliate .whe-n there is a cry of ' Divide, divide.' ?!-i There is no religious denomination so insignificant but ^thnt it lias its complaint to make against tho .results of the census we speak of, and yet one does not hear any outcry from the Sun-worshippers. It is true when Sir Jamsatis Jejeejeebnng went to Oxford imme diately afterwards, he was rather in an ill-humor at tho small figure which the Parsees made in the category ? and when, by way of conversation, the vice-chancellor remarked that ' he hadn't seen the sun for several days,' the great Enstern is said to have replied snap, pisldy : ' You mind your own business ; the sun is of much more consequence to me than it is to you.' But even this rests on a common-room storv ; while no other member of the Indian baronet's religions frater nity has uttered a murmur. Yet, if that day of Numbering was foggy (as it very likely was), and not a £i(»day, in then- legitimate sense of the word, how hardly have they been treated ! How was it possiblo thai having no place of worship, as well as no apparent object of devotion, thoy could get themselves put down by her Majesty's commissioners in the proper column t And yet how surprisingly has this sect increased during the last ten years I There is scarcely a street in London which does not contain at lenst one Temple of the Suii, while each of the great thoroughfares is pro vided with half-a-dozen. There are fonrteen in Oxford street ; there are twelve in Regent street ; there are iin infinite number in tho city, whither the sun never penetrates. They occupy in all cases tho most com manding positions. If the blood-red orb that does duty over London for the God of Day at this perio-l of the year does manage to strike tlirough the inter vening mist, it flashes on a thousand edifices raised in its sole honor. The pontiffs of these numerous temples are always on the look-out for this ; they hail a gleam, however transient, with a devotion ' the earnestness of which no eastern worhippor enn emulate. To them it is not only the glance of the Sun-god, but food and raiment ; to some, indeed, only '?bread and onions and a suit of second-hand blacks : 'bin :to others, venison and turtle, and purple anil fine liheil/and even a pair of bays. The priest of Baku prostrates, himself in the eflulgence, and repeats a striiig of prayers ; but the photographer of Baker stroot is more practical j hq .sends forth his omissnries, with a photograph inench hand, to publish to the passers-by tbat:'iiow is.jthoir. tiino. to have thcir.picttirs taken, ior Uiat, such ,. a , h&ppprlauily; is not likeiy to oeuur agaiii.'^ ,,,._ .lj[\\- ?. . ? Tliere.'.is as great a social contrast between the pro fessors ,pf- this persuasion as between the dean of a cathedral and:tho suu-dcacon of a Snlem Chapel. Tho hieriu-ch of the , Sun-trade resides in a square, and snubs the aristocrncj; who wait in pationce in his ante rooms ; the acolyte dwells up a three-pair back in a by-street, and is glad to take ' groups ' for eighteen pence, and will let a baby be ' thrown in.' The pho tographee pays a good deal of money for this difl'er ence in the circumstances of the artist, without netting quite a proportionate return. It is doubt less better to be married by a bishop than a curate, but thi latter can tie you to the beloved object equally tight. You may have your photograph taken iu Bayswater as dear as though it were done in water colors, and yet it may not disappoint your enemies more than another taken in Tottenham Court Road for sixpence — frame included. I divide photographs into two classes, Positives and Negatives — the Bad ones, and the Not-so-bads. Per sons with variable expression and lino complexion lose both advantages in the process; those with strongly marked features and stereotyped aspects emerge from it not very much worse than they were before. All classes, however, are provided with a stony stare, like that attributed to the Sphynx ; and if a sitter has a book in his right hand, he will be represented with it in his left, whether lie happens to have a left hand or not. This diabolical perversion was doubtless invented by the photographers in order to compel us to have cartes de visile taken', in which the victim is suffered to reassume his original appearance. It is also pretended tliat these, in their distribution, afford a satisfaction to our personal friends. A friend of the present writer's, who has a largo circle of acquaint ance, gave directions to his page to leave a carte, with his best compliments, at each of a long list of houses, with the proprietors of which he was on more or less intimate terms. The list was to guide Alphonse as to their rotation, each carte being, of course, in its duly addressed envelope. Upon returning home after this order, lie found the heap of duplicates of his own countenance left upon his drawing-room table not in the least diminished. ' You wicked boy,' cried he, ' why have you not left the cartes as I directed you to do?' 'Please, sir, lhace' returned Alphonse; 'leastways, all the pictur ones, excep the knave of clubs and the king of diamans.' This particular mischance of courso should be attri buted to letting playing-cards lie about in the day time rather than to the photographer ; but in most cases he is to bliime in every way. I have the pri vilege of living in the neighborhood of a very fashion ablo, gentleman of this profession, and I am extremely sorry for it. He poisons the air with his collodion, mid yet there is no law that permits me to indict him as a nuisance. It is no satisfaction to mo to know that his chemical 'bath' is full of the like nessess of persons of rank and fashion only. Its ovil odor comes round tho corner and over the wall, and into my little study even while I sit and write. I wonder that the vegetation of the neighbourhood is not destroyed, as is the case, I understand, where other noxious vapors aro permitted to disseminate themselves. ' People in glass-houses should'nt throw stones,', suys the proverb ; but how very much worse tlinn throwing stones is this ; while as for the glass house, it makes ono wink to look in tho d.rectionof his (Iwolling-pliice. His garden is so alive with twinkling lights, from the transparent. roofs of the apartments in which bis '.'processes' are carried on, that his house is like 'ft lodgo.iii a giirdeu of cucumbers' — in frames. At the top of the.iio'use is the Crystal 1'ulnce where he holds his court,' and receives the nobility. The wide street in | froi(t( of his. mansion .is crowded with their cftrriftgesj.but'tliey are. let in on'hqrscbaak by a side .gate,' that lUQj!,:may ?hiiye their, '.equestrian portraits' taken Vf on 'the ' !3aj)fii.'.7.. ?. There,, -are stone bnlus tradesr j(from, thp. New . itcmd), and half a stone Ktiihctisp,; lying on the premises, out of which urc constructed ancestral backgrounds — Haddon Hulls and -Belvpir1 [Castles i;'- -'there is a terrace, about eight .feet. '.long (shot out of a couple of gravel-cnrtR beneath :theX-j,yery oyes), on which a real live peacock stalks 'IVackwardB arid forwards, and screeches its contempt 'for' all this mock magnificence. ..There was at ono time iif a' 'noble ducrhouncl' trained to keep company with i tlio horses, ami import an additional, touch of heredi tary grandeur to the tahleait, but -I nm thankful to say that he has been stolen ; he- used to bay at the moon, as though, like his master, ho would have had the sun shine both day and night. There uro a great number of domestics in the house- of this gentleman, but less in the winter than in1 the summer; anrf theso, too, wear a theatrical and' unrea' appearance. Tho footman is gorgeous as a bird, of tropic climes, but ho is awkward in liis movements its a semaphore, and quite as wooden-headed. I have been informed that he makes no pretence of remembering any message entrusted to him, and that if such confidence is at tempted, he rings the bell immediately for the little foot-page. This page may be said to be dogscared ; never was seen a boy so dishevelled as he ; his jackot is dirty, his buttons are dim; he has a habit of pass ing his whole forearm and tho back of his hand slowlv ' under his nose while he is listening to your commands'. As a domestic, he is as useless ns any boy of his class, but as a purveyor of false intelligence (for which pur pose he is retained), he is invaluable. His nir is open, and rather invites your confidence ; you see that he is slovenly, but you fancy tluit ho is ut least trutliful and straightforward. Having paralysed the footman by asking when hia master will bo disengaged, you address your inquirios to tliis boy. ' IIo will be disengaged immediately, sir,' replies he promptly. 'He has only to see ono gentleman more.' ' I thought I saw it number of people looking out of the windows of the anteroom.' , 'They have all been taken, sir ; they are only come ? nfter their carte.i lie isi'sitc.' ;.'! There ought not to be one with Mr Brightside, for I.cuuie by appointment,' you reply : ' however, since there is only one, I will wait.' ' Well, sir, I. will not deceive you [won't he ?] ; but the fiict ifi, the gentleman — it is the Marquis of Tittle top — lid's overstayed his time ; his lordship is so ex cessively hard to pleaso. Pray, sit down, sir, for a few mihntoR.' Upon this you enter the anteroom, and find it full of people, who. liuve all apnointuusits for the same hour us yourself, and who glare nt you with undisguised innlignitv.ivt'tnh intrusive riviiS. 0/ perhaps you demand of the foot-page why those cartel de vinte', which wero to have been seen without fail lust Tuesday' fortnight, have not arrived even yet, and this is the third tune o£ asking, and. you are getting out of patieu'ei) with tho delay. ' They will be fonnd ; at your own house, sir,' responds he blandly. ' Mr Brightsido wns greatly dis tressed that they have been so long in band, and des patched them tliis morning, by private messenger, to your residenoe.1' ' I h:we only just left hpme,' Is your sardonic reply. ' Yes, sir ; but the mnn had a very long round to make, though he has doubtless left the parcel by this time.' You nre staggered, but warned by long experience of that boy, you are not convinced. ' Now, you nre quite sure of this, my good Ind. There is no mistake about the mutter this time; and the whole twenty huve been sent, I trust, and no instalment.' ' I am perfectly certain, sir, that they hnve all been sent this time. Good-morning, sir ; you will find them all nt home.' ,. As a matter of fact, the page knows nothing whatever of the state of the case. The articles in question may be at your house, although it is about seventy thousand to one that they are not. He has just a scintillation of » doubt about it, and lie gives himself the benelit of that scintillation. The story of 'the messenger' is a very favorite one with him; he sometimos embellishes it witli an extra fib or two, with respect to the time of departure of thatideal personage, or the route which he has to pursue, but the main features of the romance are consistently retained. When you hnve discovered the per fidy of the page, you have to detect the hollowness of Mr Bnghtaide's secretary. This gentleman combines tho insolence of the government olHcial with the manners of a linen-draper's showman. Attired in the height of fashion, he passes his existence i\t a table covered witli carte* de visitc, and in tho immediate neighborhood of » speaking-tube, through which any number of evasive answers will, at his suggestion, be returned to any question you may choose to put. ' I am sick and tired, sir, of calling for these cartes de visile,' you remark indignantly, upon being intro duced to this important personage : ' your footman ?knows nothing of them, and your page deceives me. May I ask whether there is any chance of my getting them at all ?' The secretai7 smiles, and shrugs his shoulders ; he points to the mingled host of likenesses before him, and requests you to pick your own out for yourself. ' With ko many hundreds of persons of the first condi tion here, as you perceive, and with us ninny thousands in the bath, it is impossible to ensure punctuality to within a day or two.' ' I have been waiting six weeks, sir,' is your frigid reply. 'My name is Mcrvyn ; my address is in South Kensington, whither you promised ' ? ' Mivvins, Brompton,' shouts the secretary at the top of his voice, putting his face close to tho wall. While you are meditating a retreat from this insolent lunatic, a solemn voice comes forth from a hole beneath the mantelpiece : ' Ain't a got 'em here.' ' As I imagined, sir,' pursues the secretary cheer fully ; ' they are somewhere on tho table.' After a protracted search, you find a single copy of your expreB sive features, a good deal crumpled at the corners, and with an immense black spot on the tip of the nose. ' Accident in the bath,' observes the secretary coolly ; ' that is doubtless the reason of the delay. Mr Bright side is so very particular about sending out perfect'spe cimens. You will have to sit again — any day after Wednesday week.' And he enrolls your name a second time in tho appointment-book, and all the miseries in cidental to tho being photographed have to be ' experi enced over again. In the first place, there is that anteroom, always crowded by persons who resent your appearance among them ; they are come upon tho same disagreeable busi ness as yourself, and each desires to get'it over'imme diately, and before you or anybody else. The same hideous ambition distinguishes the company in a den tist's waiting-room, which, indeed, resembles that of tho fashionable photographer very nearly. There is the samo ' nnliveableness' — inaptitude for the purposes of ordinary life — about tho apartment; it is evidently n place of passage, and not of continuance ; the knick knacks on the side-tables are those which you see at the bazaars, but nowhere else; tho Louis Quatorzc clock on the mantel-piece, which does not go, and never did, and the alabaster vases with decaying wax- flowers in them, were evidently bought at an auction, because they were cheap, and yet im posing. On the principal table, there is an elabo rate collection of literature — very various, but quite unreadable. There is Puncli of the week before last, and Wholesome Crumbs for Cliristian Chklxns. There is ft Hook of Beauty, and an Album for the year J&S8;, and the Autobiography of a Serious Cabman. Mr Brightside imagines that he has thus provided intel lectual food for every section of the fashionable world ; but, nevertheless, his visitors are terribly weary. They yawn behind their delicately gloved hands ; they look up on the entrance of the idiot footman or the dis hevelled page, with an air of haggard anxiety that ? would touch tho heart of persons less accustomed to such mute appeala. A shilling in the hand, however, is worth two, or any number of those looks, in the base consideration of these meniuls ; and by its judicious application, you may (metaphorically, of course) walk over the heads of the indignant Lady Jessie Mncglower and her daughters (who cannot bring herself to consent to that outlay), quite independently of any set time and Beason which may have been previously agreed upon between her lady ship and the artist. If you are thus successful, you will rise amid the scowls of tho company, and follow —let us say — tho dishevelled page, into another waiting-chamber, which opens into the crystal sanc tuary itself. There ore no stairs to ascend, as in the common Temples of the Sun, and from the apartment in which you now find yourself, there is a door which com municates to the ladieB1 tiring-chamber. That sacred 6pot females of the first fashion are accustomed to use as a green-room ; they enter it in ordinary costume, and emerge at once in front of the camera, in bridal attire, in ball-dress, or in riding-habit — in whatever cos tume, in short, they think becomes them best, and of which they wish to have permanent record in a carte de viiite. Even now, you may have the good fortune to behold one of those lovely creatures being placed in position in the glass-house by the great photographer. You must be perfectly silent, of course, for you are not supposed to be where you are — the lying page has let you in before your time, for fear his rival should get the shilling — but if you can restrain your raptures, you may see it all. The lady is in eveuing-dress, and has a fan in her hand, upon the arrangement of which herself and the artist are concentrating all their energies ; she spreads it out, and he shakes his head ; she shuts it up, and he smiles sadly, and bids her try again. He touches her lovely fingers until they assume the desired situation ; he places her dimpled arm upon an imitation pillar with a counterfeit curtain. He kneels down, and adjusts her admirable feet. Then he looks at her much as Pygmalion must have contemplated the finished work of his own art. ?' Part your lips a little, Angelina, my love.' At. first, you think that this is a remark of Mr Brightside's, but it does in reality emanate from An gelina's mamma, who is very properly looking very sharp after Pygmalion from the green-room, which opens, like your own apartment, upon this interesting scene. Impatient as you formerly were, you are now quite sorry when your turn to be photographed arrives, for with it tho fair one vanishes ; you have half ft mind to ask the artist to do an extra carte de visite of her for yonrself, but you think it may get the page into trouble. It certainly cannot give tho same pleasure to Mr Brightside to put you in position (being of the male sex) as Angelina, and yet you arc bound to confess that ho gives you equal trouble. He treats you ex actly as though you were a lay figure, and arranges your arms and legs with a freedom that is all his own. Upon the last occasion that I had the advantage of his services, he placed a crown imperial in my hand, which inado me feel like the king of clubs, and swept around my feet a quantity of litter and dead leaves. Then he ran a painted screen behind me, took out his watch, and bade me be still for half a minute, for that nothing could be more beautiful. Enchanted by this unwonted compliment, I remained perfectly still and potrified, with a singing in my oars, and a rushing of blood from all my extremities for the proper period, which finally resulted (after about the same time requisite for the production of a living human crea ture) in twenty cartes de visitc of your humble servant, meditating in ft garden, considered by most persons to be ' very like, only with rather a stolid expression.' I call it myself, ' The Fool and the Flower.' With the mere instrumental photographic perform ance Mr Brightside' hns nothing whatever to do ; ministers with various portfolios superintend all the working details. But whilst this popular artist sits high above all base mechanical employments, in an atmosphere of the purest collodion, there are many of his professional brethren in a far less prosperous condition. The gaades between Mr Brightsido and Mr Glimmer (for instance) of tho Tottenham Court road are very numerous, as you may see by the advertisements in . the Times. ' Queen, Hes30, Canterbury, Blondin, Exeter, Mace, Garibaldi, Lord Dundreary, and West bury C,' ave to be procured from 2s 6d to Id each. Mr Brightside will not look at your expressive countenanco under two guineas ; Mr Glimmer will return its fac-simile in an elegant gilt frame for six pence. Tho latter gentleman is his own assistant, his own secretary, and his own dishevollod page in one. He has not a mansion of his own, but has purchased a right of way through somebody else's house, at tho top of which he has set up his temple, having removed the roof for that purpose, and sub stituted & glass one. On the floor below is his reception- room, which is devoted to the fino arts only, and dispenses with literature altogether, except iu the ' form of notices to the public. 'As children are liable to moue, and parties with juveniles not easily satisfied, payment in advance in all such cases must be made. Children's likenesses— especially babies — cannot be guaranteed witliout special contract.' But the strangest regulation, and one which 18 apt to terrifv the nervous, after seven flights of stairs in a doubtful neighborhood, is the following : ' Visitors are only admitted one at a time into the glass house; in. order to avoid confusion, friends must wait below.' However, there is really nothing to be afraid of; Mr Glimmer, poor fellow, is perfectly harmless, and looks so, whenever he gets liis head and face out of that black tablecloth in which he passes at least half his daily existence, whon he is iu good work. 'When not thus disguised, he labors in a little watch box, into which no light is permitted to enter. He does not bother you in the least about a classical position, nor does he possess that hideous instrument tor stiffening the back of your neck which is employed by his more prosperous brethren. If you wish to be represented as a literary gentleman, a little volume is put into your hand, the contents whereof I am unac quainted with, but wliich, to judge by the extreme greasincss of the cover, should ho a cookery- book ; but the more popular ' pose' is to lean upon a pasteboard ultar, with Apollo's lyre painted upon it, in as pensive an attitude as you can assume. The ' sitting' is pro longed, it must be confessed, to an extraordinary de gree, perhaps through some inferiority in his photo graphic materials ; but that being over, there is no delay about getting jour counterfeit presentment. It is carried down to the reception chamber, and forth with ' ennmelled' — a enphuistic term for sprcitding pitch on the back of it — and in half a minute it is in its highly gilded frame, and in your pocket. This is in case of business being pretty brisk ; but if slack, you are' adjured by Mr Glimmer to have it colored, ' which improves it won derful,' ho says, and to give sixpence extra for a more tasteful setting, ' to as (o make it a suitable present, at this senson, for a young woman.' You arc likely enough to meet some good-looking, modest, girl come to pay an instalment for certain cartes de vinitc with which Mr Glimmer has supplied her upon trust in her honest face ; or a pair of humble lovers, who, are going to be ' taken' together, hand in hand, .which is not only gracefully appro priate, but economical, a reduction being made in the case of ' groups.' The result may not bo in tho first style of art, but undoubtedly it will be ft far nearer approximation to a likeness than could have been produced by any means within the reach of the young couple, without (he kindly aid of tho Sun-god. It is sad to think that the means of livelihood of the cheap portrait pninters is gone for ever; but it is not to be forgotten, on the other hand, that by every individual, however poor, them now can be preserved ft picture of those near and dear to them, sufficiently like to recall the beloved features in absence, or after death, and to ftwnken thoughts tco deep for tears. — Chambers' Journal. ? ' A gentleman from Iowa has obtained u patent for making wino from sorghum, which is said by con noissoura at Washington to be equal to Madeira. It can be made so as to he sold for twenty-five cents, per gallon. A fine quality of rum is also made from tho samo product. — New York Economist. Train Repudiated. — The National Intelligencer, which is generally considered tho leading journal of Washington, makes the following remarks, in re Train : — ' We dismiss the harlequin, to whom we have perhaps devoted too much space. But not so England. The depth of hato to which that nation must have gone before it could let loose this fellow on, our 'shores irmid our present distresses is abso lutely unimaginable. Tho Mason and Slidell affair we can forgive. The Times and tho Herald wo can forgivo ; but to permit Train to come here was simply diabolical and unpardonable. Perfidious Albion. Yon had Train ; you might have held him ; we should have waived all questions of inter national law, if yon had not only nubbed him, but sent him to Australia. You had many colonies open to you, but, deliberately, yon let him como here to this afflicted people. Is tliis what wo reap from the grain sent to Ireland in her famine? Is this what thoso who potted your Prince ought to expect ? Oh ! Albion, how could you 1 Oun Ducal Houses. — With the exception of those two ducal titles which have been won by a Chur chill and a Wellesloy respectively, and to some ex tent, at least a few others which owo their existence to King Charles II., tho rest of the titles which stand in tho highest rank of our nobility are mostly the result of the fusion of two, three, or more for tunes together by the marriage of heiresses. Thus the proud Dukedom of Norfolk has absorbed into itself the castle and broad acres of the Fitzalans, Earls of Arundel ; and the Duke of Richmond has added n largo Scottish rent-roll to his English estates, through his grandmother, the heiress of the Dukes of Gordon ; thus tho noble house of Buckingham (wo speak of half a century ago) had grown great in the same way, by the addition of the Temple to tho Grenville property, and subsequently by absorbing tho inheritance of the ' princely' Chandos, and tlmt of the old Earls Nugent ; the Duke of Buc oleuch has united in himself, by a similar process, the wealth of tho Queensberrys, the Douglases, nnd tho Montagues ; and thus, too, tho Duko of Sutherland, of more recent times, has incorporated together with the ancient inheritances of the Levesons of Staffordshire, and the Gowers of York shire, tho entire estates belonging to two Scottish heiresses, who brought as their marriage portions the lordship of nearly the whole of two northern counties, those of Sutherland and Croinarty. In deed, so vast has been the absorbing process in the latter case, that, as if satod with its wealth, and unable to digest a further supply, the last named ducal house lias thrown off two younger cadet branches, each most amply endowed, in the persons of the Earl of Ellcsmere and Earl Granville. — Once a. Week. A Stage Scene. — A writer who has travelled ex tensively says that he witnessed rather a strange scene in Shakespeare's boautiful tragedy of 'Romeo and Juliet ;' it was at one of the Western theatres. Tho piece had passed off well without interruption until the last scene. Tho diameter of Romeo was excellently enacted and loudly applauded. Tho model of the lover was at the tomb of the Capulets, gazing upon the motionless form of her who had so attracted his soul, and meditating upon committing an act which would send his spirit to that undiscovered country where he supposed Juliet's had gone. Just as he exclaimed, ' Hero's to love !' and at the same time raising tho vial which contained tho poison to his lips, a stalwart young countryman jumped upon tho stage, seized him, dashed the vial from his hand, crushing it to atoms, and yelling, ' Yor darned fool, she ain't dead. Only been ttikm' a little sleepin' medicine. Didn't yer got the parson's let ter?' ' Sirrah !' growled out tho enraged tragedian, whilo tho house fairly shook with laughter. ' Why, yer girl ain't dead, I tell yer. Tho way it was, they wanted to make Julio marry that chap thnr,' pointing at Paris, 'whoso business you have just settled, but I tell you Julie war pluck — slio got her back right up and vowed she would'nt do it, even if while she war lying in the vault the ghost of the other feller whom you kilt should dash bx-r brains out with tho bones of some of her dead cousins. Wai, her pluck war up, and sho took tho stuff tho parson fixed, so sho could play possum till you got hum. That's the way it war,' replied the country man, giving tho desperate lover a tremendous poke in tho ribs with his elbow, and at tho same time lposing his bold. ' Hell's curses on tho fellow,' muttered the raving tragedian, as ho stalked behind the scones. ' Wall, now,' said tho countryman, fucing tho audience, ' if that ain't a lettle tho dod darned meanest cus3 I ever did see, I hope to be swowed. That's all the thanks I get for stopping him from pizening himself. Hopo to bo tarnly swashed if ever I go to interfere again ?whon a fel low wants to murder himself,' he continued, as he clambered back to his seat, just in timo to prevent his upper Btory from coming in contact with the curtain as it descended. — American Scrap Book. Wellington's Business Capabilities. — As wo read through tho correspondence which he conducted as Secretary for Iroland, wo seo distinctly thatho was thoroughly up to his work, that nothing escaped him, that he know every detail, that he was equal to every exigency, that nothing was too trifling for him. Places havo to bo filled, adheroats have to bo satisfied, elec tions have to be conducted, bills have to be drawn, de putations have to bo answered, defences havo to bo de vised — there are myriads of things to be done, and Arthur Wellesley is always ready, never idle. It is wonderful to see the coolness with which ho quits the work of his office to go and fight a battle over the sea, returning to his post to tako up tho old routine as if nothing had occurred in tho intetVal. In 1807 ho goes with tho expedition to Copenhagen, fights his battle, wins the day, returns to receive the thanks of Parliament, and to take up where ho left off the curious correspondence with place-huntors and borough-mongers. , In like manner he is despatched in 1808 to Portugal. To the last moment ho directs tho business of his department with un abated energy ; oven when he is on board ship ho goes on writing about collectors of Cus toms and Excise ; he ? does not cease after he has landed in Portugal ; he conducts tho movements of his army at the same moment he writes diroctious for tho disposal of his patronago in Ireland; ho wins tho battle of Roliga, ho wins tho battle of Vimiera, in tho midst of victory ho thinks of tho Dublin police ; and when ho is superseded he quietly returns to his office in Dublin Castle, to Bink all tho glories of his campaign in tho purchase of votes or the discussion of fees. His power of work was unrivalled. The concentration of his mind was complete. Just as in war he carried liis resolution to judge of everything with his own eyes so for that, on one occasion, when close to the enemy's outposts, he 2-ut an oilsldn cover to his cocked hat, and entered into conversation with tho French vidotte, during which he took a careful survey of all that he wished to see — so in all he undertook ho displayed tho same energy, and there wore few thinga which ho was not ready to undertake. People seomed to wonder that he was willing to accept tho command of n brigade on tho Sussex coast. 'I have eaten the King's salt,' he replied, 'and whatever lie de sires we to do, that becomes my duty.' 