Mr Sullivan yesterday informed Mr Gillies, in the Assembly, that a codification of the mining bye laws tookplace under the instructions of the Heales Administration, but the work had been accomplished in so imperfect and diffuse a manner that it would be necessary, in order to meet the requirements for which a codification was intended, that the work should be done over again. A brief discussion took place in the Assembly, yesterday, with respect to the possibility of the Trading Companies Bill being carried through the Legislature this session, which resulted in Mr Ire land undertaking the charge of the measure, and the order for its second reading being restored to the notice paper for Thursday next. Mr M'Cann has fully established the position he took with respect to the Colac Electoral Roll, from which certain names were expunged, and conse quently has placed Mr Murray in a position that necessitates an explanation, if one can be given. The hon. member asked the Chief Secretary, yester pay, if the roll in question was signed by Mr Hugh Murray, the revising magistrate. Mr M'Culloch, in reply, stated that the expunged roll was signed by Mr Murray, Mr Bromfield* and Mr Albert Han cock. The catalogue of names was signed by the registrar only, as required by law. The Act did not require that it should be signed by the revising ma gistrate, Mr Macgregor succeeded, last night, in getting inserted into the Electoral Act Amendment Bill a clause providing that miners should, on the produc tion of their miners' rights, be entitled to receive a voter's right without payment of the usual fee, and although taken out at a different time from the miner's right. Mr Higinbothara was again pressed to insert a clause providing for the handwriting test taking place before a magistrate, and he ultimately consented to have such a clause inserted in the bill when it was before the Legislative Council. The bill was then read a third time and passed. Mr M'Cullgch, in the Assembly, yesterday, in reply to a question by Mr Brodribb, said that the charges which had been made through a weekly newspaper, as to the treatment of prisoners in the Melbourne Gaol, were without foundation in fact. A petition was presented in the Assembly, yester day, by Mr Nicholson, praying for an amendment of the Fisheries Act, so as to permit fishermen to carry on their avooation on the Yarra between its junction with the Saltwater River and Hobson's Bay. In Stevens v. Arenas, heard in the County Court yesterd iy, the plaintiff sought to recover £19 19s damages for false imprisonment. ' Defendant was proprietor of a Spanish restaurant in Bourke street, and had given the plaintiff in charge for creating a disturbance in the front room one evening. The magistrates did not consider the plaintiff had seriously misconducted himself, and next morning the case was dismissed. The court yesterday awarded Is damages, with 40s costs. Mr Newton appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Bindon for tho defendant. Mr James Service, it seems, is not likely to return to the colony for aome considerable time, as he apparently prefers enjoying himself a little longer in tho old world. Tho following, which wo extract from a lottor dated Paris, 24th June, written to an old friend, and received by the last mail, shows that ho is making tho most of his time, and is determined to see all that is to be seon: — 'Since I wrote to you I have raited Turin, seen Genoa tho Proud, sailed forty-eight hours on the blue Mediterranean, lived in beautiful Naples, climbed Vesuvius, and explored Pompeii and Herculaneum ; dwelt in the Eternal City, with her churches of inconceivable magnificence, and her ruins of ancient grandeur, gazed in wonder at the beautiful leaning tower at Pisa, strolled through the streets and suburbs of la belle, Florence, passed through Bologna, Padua, and a host of other famous Italian cities, glided in the gondolas on the waters of Venice under the full bright moon, spent a short time in the fine old city of Milan, sailed in British built steamers on the Italian lakes, crossed the Alps twice, floated on the lovely blue waters of the lake of Geneva, seen, the bears at Berne, spent a few days in the Bernese Oherland, amid lakes, water-falls, snow-pedked mountains and glaciers'; heard the fine notes of tho Alpine horn as it, echoed and re-echoed far away among the hills ; spent a day and a half on the most lovely of all lakes — that of Lucerne, visited old Bale, stood at the roulette and rouge-et-noir tables at Baden-Baden, seen Frankfort-on-the-Maine, Mayence, and the fairy town of Wiesbaden ; sailed down the glorious Rhine, stood by the sepulchre of the three kings of Cologne — 'the three wise men from the East,' — walked through the fine old cathedral of Aix-la-Chapelle, where the German emperors were crowned for so many centuries, and finally come here to spend, in this magnificent city, about two weeks with Agnes, Alice and Miss Forty, whom I expect here this evening. There is a list for you ! Can you imagine it ? I have enjoyed the tour amazingly. It is almost as pleasant as politics or selling butter in Melbourne. I am, I almost forgot to say, in excellent health, good spirits, and only wish all the world was as well off. I have not tnougnt yet anything about when 1 shall return — not for another year I think unless I am required. I am enjoying myself beyond what I anticipated when I left.' . . A respectable married woman, named Elizabeth Martin, appeared at the City Court yesterday, on remand, on the charge of uttering a forged cheque to the amount of £300, purporting to be signed by her husband. On being called on, the case was immediately dismissed,. as the manner in which she had evidently been treated by her husband almost justified her in obtaining as much of his money as she could lay her hands on, and as it was shown when the case was last before the court that she had . been accustomed to draw out cheques in his name whilst they were in business in Dunedin, and had only drawn out the one in question in order to previde for the support of herself and child, as he had directed her shortly after their arrival in this colony. It appeared from the statements which were yesterday made to the bench, that her husband had some property in Dunedin, which he obtained on his marriage with her, and that he had lately mortgaged it for the sum of £2000, after which they both left for Melbourne on a visit. On reaching here he immediately deserted her, and in the course of two months he had succeeded in wasting the whole of that amount, except a small balance of £200, which wasthen in the bank to his credit. It was on hearing that he was spending the money so extravagantly that she drew out the cheque, in order to obtain a portion of it, that they might not be left altogether penniless. In court yesterday Martin, at the instance of the counsel who appeared in his wife's behalf, signed an agreement, in which he vested the property with her for the support of herself and child. A young woman named Barton was brought.before the City Court, yesterday, on a charge of defrauding one Charles E. Roberts, of the sum of £50, but as it was evident that the charge could not be substan tiated from the few facts related by the prosecutor's counsel, the case was dismissed. The prosecutor, it seemed, had been cajoled by the young woman as far back as November last, into lending her the money to purchase a business, which she represented was then open for sale at Port Albert, and from which she could realise £6 per week. On receiving the advance she invested it in a manner not agree able to the tastes of the prosecutor, and besides, kept company with one of his own sex, which1 he disliked still further ; and finding that his little speculation was in a fair way of turning out rather the reverse of profitable, he instituted proceedings against her for- the recovery of the money, alleging that she had defrauded him in obtaining it. , 'As You Like It' was performed for the last time, at the Theatre Royal, yesterday ovening, to a very good house. To-night Lovell's great play of ' Love's Sacrifice' will be produced, with Mr Barry Sullivan as Matthew JSlmore. Professor Pepper's Ghost will be introduced as the afterpieoe. At the Princess's the performances will consist of tho Adelphi drama 'Dick Turpin and Tom King,' ' North and South,' and the ' Polytechuio Spectre.' Two tiokets-of -leave have been issued during the week ending the 11th inst., the one to Thomas Drew, who, on the 23rd July, 1858, was sentenced to eight years' penal servitude at Melbourne, for an assault with intent to rob ; and the other to Charles Davidson alias Rushbrook alias Deans, who on the 7th February, 1860, was sentenced to five years for burglary. The former gentleman will favor Sand hurst with hia company, whilst tho lattor will locate himself in tho metropolis. During the same period there wore discharged from tho penal department, nine prisoners, amongst whom wo note John Griffin alias' Wm. Warby alias Wamby, who on tho 15th April, 1861, was sentenced to throe years and a half penal servitude for horse-stealing ; Cornelius Lyons who, on tho 15th July, 1861, was sentonced to two years for an indecent assault ; and Win. Nicholson alias' Crosby, who, on tho 15th April, 1861, was sentenced to three years for larceny and burglary. 