THE NEWS OF THE DAY. In another column will bo found n tabulated Btatoment giving tho corrocted returns of tho num bor of persona who are on the new electoral roll for Melbourne and tho several suburbs, compared with tho numbars on tho old roll. Takon altogether, the result mav bo considered satisfactory, as tho new roll exhibits n total delicioncy of only about 3000 as compared with the old, tho numbers being oil tho new roll 28,501, and on tho old 31,092. Mr Casey ia tho only representative) in tlie field for tho representation of Mandurang, in tho place of Dr Owens, who has declined to allow himself to lie again put in nomination. Mr Casey has issued an address to tho electors, announcing himsolf a supporter of tho present Ministry. The Bendigo Advertiser thinks there is little chance of any oppo sition, and states that should there be any, it would prove unsuccessful. Thoso persons who may have noglected to take out their electoral rights can still do so in time to Jje placed on tho supplementary roll. Tho following instruction on the subject has beon issued to tlio registrars from the Chief Secretary's offico: — ' Re ferring to previous instructions, I havo tlie honor to point out that, although your first general lists aro to be made out and signed during tho week ending Dli tho 1st day of August, and that no namo can appear thoreon unless tho elector's right has been issued on or prior to that day, you aro nevertheless to continue to issuo electors' rights from day to day, after that date, to all applicants entitled thereto, yitli a view to their names being placed on tlio Bnpplemental lists.' We regret to record the death of the Hon. James Stewart, M.L.C., which took place at his residence in Victoria Parade, yesterday forenoon. The de- ceased gentleman, who was only in his forty-third year, was a member of the firm of Brown and Stewart, general merchants in this city. His death causes a vacancy in the representation of the Eastern Province in the Legislative Council. Mr C. J. Griffith, formerly a member of the Legislative Council, also expired at his residence, on Friday evening. The deceased gentleman was present at the dinner given by Brigadier- General Chute on Saturday week, and is said to have taken cold on this occasion. He was not in robust health pre- viously. A complimentary dinner to tho Hon. R. Healcs, M.L.A., President of the Board of Land and Works, was givon on Saturday ovening last, at the Pentridge Hotel, by his constituents living in that district. Owing to tho inclomeney of tho night, the attendance was limited to persons residing in tho immediate vicinity. About fifty persons wero pre sent. Mr Anlcotell, the chairman of tho Pentridge Road Board, occupied tho chair. Mr Rossor, chair man of tho Brunswick Municipal Council, Mr Verdon, M.L.A., and Mr D. Moore wero present. Letters of apology wero read from Mr T. J. Sumner and others, stating that tho short notice of invitation given to tlicm, combined with prior engagements, rendered it impossible for them to attend. Tho ' Governor, Sir Henry Barkly,' 'Mr Heales, the member for tho East Bourko boroughs,' and ' The present Ministry,' wore successively toasted with enthusiasm ; and tho party — a social rnther than a political one — broke up shortly after eleven o'clock, tho proceedings terminating with tlie singing of tho national anthem, three licarty cheers for Mr Hoales, and three for the present Ministry. A report of the proceedings will bo found olsewhero. The lato proceedings at tho Polwarth and South Grenville election appear to have excited consider able indignation. The Mount Alexander Mail con nlmlpH nn article on tho subiect with the following remarks : — 'We think that neither Mr Hopkins nor Mr Murray should be retained iu the commission of the peaco. Every honest magistrate will feel dis graced at finding his namo included in a list that contains the names of Messrs Murray and Hopkins. If tho Government desire to preservo the integrity of the ballot, and to maintain tho respectability of the Victorian magistracy, they will relieve Messrs Murray and Hopkins from tlie performance of any further magisterial duties. We havo our files from Tasmania to the 29th inst. The papers are, however, entirely devoid of intelli gence of general interest. The carriage tax imposed Joy the Government appears to bo greatly objected o by the persons immediately affected. Tho Laun ceston Examiner says : — ' To show tho disapproba tion of this infamous tax, wo havo heard of a large number of settlers who are 2-utting their vehicles in ordinary, aud somo have already given notico to their coachmen and grooms tliat their services will bo dis pensed with. Of course, all employed in connection with coach-making and repairing will be injured, as work will be scarce until tho obnoxious imposition is removed.' Tho Edina, which arrived in Hobson's Bay, from Otugo, N.Z., on Saturday last, brought 88 pas sengers, and 202 ounces of gold. By her wo have tlireo days later news, namely to tlio 23rd ult. There is no fresh intelligence from tlie diggings, every thing remaining extremely quiet. Accounts, how ever, continued to be received of tho great damage done by tlio floods at tho Dunstan. By tho Bosphorus we aro in receipt of Mauritius papers to tho 23rd Juno. Wo leam that in Mada gascar tho late king had been succeeded by his wife, who had ascended the throne. Tho free trade policy of her predecessor had been abolished, and the old import duties imposod. In another column will bo found some particulars relative to tlie rccent revolution in that island. Operations have recently been commenced for tho erection of the new Sailors' Homo, nt tho corner of Spencer street and Little Collins street. The con tractors are at present busy preparing concrete to bo laid down for tho foundation, and it is anlicipated that in about a fortnight tho foundation stone will be laid, with tho ceremonies usual on such occasions. Tho front elevation of the building will bo towards Spencer street, and will be 90 feet in length, while towards Little Collins street the frontage will bo 200 feet in extent. The building will bo four storeys in height, tho foundations being of bluestono, and the superstructure of brick. On tho ground floor offices for the superintendent and shipping master will be provided, and the other three storeys will consist of dormitories. Thero will be a beau tifully-designed entrance fronting Spencer stroet. Tho architect is Mr Alfred L. Smith, and tho con tractors aro Messrs Bayne and Co. In tho imme diate vicinity, at the head of Collins street, another new building is being erected as a wool warehouse for Messrs Cunningham and Co. This store is to bo of great extent and of considerable architectural pretensions, but only tho half of the design is at present being carried oat. Tho architects arc .Messrs EUis and Austin, and the contractor Mr Falconer. The site has hitherto been occupied as a timber yard by Messrs Wostby and Co. ; but ground in this locality is now expected to beeomo valuable for building purposes, as it is anticipated that Spencer street will continue tlio permanent terminus of the Victorian railways. ' It is believed,' says the Geelong Advertiser, ' that Mr Porter, of the Provident Instituto, is still in tho vicinity of Brighton. Tho police are on the aiort, anu seem lu imagine iih: v iiuvo a uiuu lu ma whereabouts. Mr Foxton lias arrived at Sydney, and will be forthcoming at tho trial. His nppcaranco has been vouched for by two highly respectable gen tlemen.' Tho Bourko General Sessions for August com mencc this morning, in the County Court, before Judge Pohlman. As tho Town Hall is at present undergoing repair, and thero is not a press of business iu hand, there will bo no meeting of tho City Council this after noon. This evening, the Rev. Joseph Dare will deliver a lecture on 'Self-reliance' in tho Congregational Church, Commercial road, Prahran, for tho benefit of the Prahran and South Yarra Homo Mission. His Excellency Sir Henry Burkly has kindly con sented to preside. Tho numbor of visitors to tho Museums of Na tural History, Geology, and Economic Geology applied to Mining, Agriculturo and tho Arts, during tho week ending 1st August, was 855 ; and tho total lor the moutn ot July, 3-iZo. rue museums aro open ta tho public daily, Sundays excepted, from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in the north sido of tlio Univer sity. Tho riflo' competition for tho purpose of selecting the mju-ksmen who are to represent Victoria at the forthcoming intercolonial match, was continued at tho Sandridge butts on Saturday. Thero was but a limited attendance of the competitors, and owing to tho strong wind which blow across the ran go, tho practice made was inferior. Taking the circum stances Snto consideration, however, somo of tho scores woro respectable. A heavy shower of rain brought tho firing to an untimely ond. A meeting of tho Emerald Hill Municipal Council was hold on Saturday ovening, for tho purpose of considering claims for insortion on, and objections to, the recently compiled list of ratepaying doctors. No objections wero made, and 31 claims for inser tion were considered and admitted, with the excep tion of tlireo, tho names being already on tlie list. Tho list, with tho additional names, was then formally adopted as tho roll of ratepaying electors of tho Emerald Hill municipality. The total num ber of names on tho ratepayers' roll is 2017, and as 210 electoral rights liavo been issued, the number of electors is 2257, which, as compared with the old electoral roll, on which thoro wero 1979 names, shows an increase of 278. A resolution was then carried that the roll be forthwith printed, aud tenders for executing tho work were ordered to bo called for, to be opened by tho Valuation Committee, on Tues day [evening next. Tho council then went into a com mitteo of the whole on the Town Hall question, and after a short discussion, Crs. Greig, Faussett and Whiteman wero requested to obtain information as to tlio probable cost of a building suitable for the purpose, and accommodation necessary, &c.; Tho Melbourno correspondent of the M. A. Mail is responsible for the following: — ' Thero has been much gossip about a certain fracas which oceurrod in St. Francis' Church, at tho last meeting of the committee of tho St. Patrick's College Relief Fund. It appears that an influential lay member, feeling disgusted at tho currency of the report that a cer tain limb of tbe law, who has hitherto figured most unenviably prominent throughout these proceedings, had put forward a preferential claim, which had been duly paid in full, although it had been distinctly understood that all creditors should bo served alike, and that live shillings in tho pound should constitute tho first dividend, sought for an explanation, and demanded an inspection of the report. This, he was told, had been signed and approved of by the Bishop, and it would bo an insult to him to doubt its cor rectness or policy. This explanation was considered anything but satisfactory ; and, smarting under tlio indignity of being supposod for a moment capable of insulting Ills lordship, he accused tho Bishop's adviser with wantonly dragging his lordship's namo too frequently into public notice whenovor ho wished to cover his own dirty actions ; and suiting tho action to tho word and the word to tho action, he rushed from his seat and rudely seized his an tagonist by tho nose. At this moment the spectacle was most ludicrous. On tho opposite end of the form sat a reverend and learned doctor, whose sympathies with Garibaldi 'lid not extend boyond the magnanimity of presenting him with a halter. Thus, immediately on the scuffle taking place, attou tion was principally directed to tho combatants, who in the , nelce had risen from their seats, and tlie reverend doctor was somewhat unpleasantly precipitated from his position, with his legs aud heels fixed iu an admirable position for illustrating tho well-known drawing-room game of the 1 French Doll.' All parties were immediately rescued from tlieir perilous positions, but whether indignation or merriment mostly prevails in tho minds of those who could not witness the scene, would be difficult to determine.' The Chinaman supposed to be Sow ICee, and who was brought from tlie Ovens district to answer the charge of killing Thomas Rowe, in February last, at Pleasant Creek, was placed before tho bench, at Stawell, on Tuesday last. The Advertiser says that ' several persons wero examined to whom the real murderer was known, but they all distinctly swore that tho man in custody of the police was not tho culprit, and ho was therefore discharged. Mr Jones, who was watching tho case on behalf of tho accused, applied for expenses, as tho man had been brought so great a distance. The bench admitted tho hardship, but had no power to grant the applica tion ; they expressed their willingness, however, to sign a memorial urging Government to allow the man somo compensation.' The Immigrants' Homo, wo learn, is not at tho present tima inconveniently filled, although incapa ble from the want of funds of affording to each in mato moro than very limited assistance. The inmates consist of all classes, and assistance is refused to none but thoso who have been previously discharged from the Homo for misbehavior, or who are notoriously bad characters ; and even to suoh shelter is not refused on inclement days or nights, auch as those of Saturday and yesterday. Applicants are not, however, admitted indiscriminately to tho interior of the building ; tlie order of proceduro being to admit them in the first place to the ' guard room,' where they havo tho advantage of light aud fire up to 9 p.m., at which time tho clerk of tho Home visits it for the night, admits those who liavo not pre viously been discharged from tho Homo for miscon duct, exercising his discretion iu suffering others to re main or ejecting them, as tho case may be. The Home at the present time contains a very consider able numbor of able- bodied men, wlio aro engaged in stone-breaking and othor similar occupations — some of them at their trades. The majority are, however, moro or less enfeebled and incapablo of arduous exertion, although not so much so as to entitle them to admission to an hospital, although sufficient to render them candidates for an asylum. Many of the inmates obtain situations from the Homo, chiefly by tho intervention of magis trates aud others interesting themselves to procure engagements for particular inmates. Tho wages obtained by them vary from current amounts downwards. The present season of the year is of corrso a dull one, and more applications for servants, either male or female, would be ac ceptable. Many of the persons to bo fouud in the Homo aro of a reliable class, either assisted immi grants, whose friends havo loft for New Zealand, or who for other reasons havo not claimed them upon arrival. Others are persons of good character, but incapable of hard labor, who can produco characters sufficient to render them trustworthy servants. At tho weekly meeting of tlio executive committoo of tho Home, hold on Friday last, tho superintendent made tbo following return : — Number of inmates in tho Homo, as reported last week, 581 ; admitted sinco, 109 ; persons who havo ro coivod out-door relief, 60 ; total relieved, 750 ; dis charged from the Homo during tho week, 114. Total at present remaining,,. 570 ; consisting of children cliargoablo to Government 379, cases chargeablo to tlio society 197. A burglary was committed on tlio premises of Mrs Vernon, Jolimont, East Melbourne, between Friday evening and Saturday morning. Tho win dow of tho lumber room had been loft unfastenod, thus giving tlie tliiovos an easy admission, of which thoy took full advantage, by carrying off a number of coats and other articles of clothing, valued at £0. Robert Guest, tlio man charged with committing a rape on a young woman named Agnes Anderson, has boen arrested by mounted constable Cowsor, and will bo brought before tho Fitzroy bench this morning. Ah Sing, tlie Chinaman who was stabbed by another a few weoks ago, undor circumstances fully detuiled at the time, died in the Melbourne Hospital about midnight on Saturday. An occurrence of n rather novol and startling nature, aud which has created quite a sensation in town, took place at Cooper's Hotel, at tho corner of Stephen and Littlo Lonsdale streets yesterday morn ing. It appears that about 4 a.m., a rospecfable looldng man came to tlio hotel, and desired accom modation. Ho said be had no money, and tlio land lord at first declinod to admit him, but ho was ulti mately induced to do so, on condition that matters would bo satisfactorily arranged in tlio course of tho day. Tho stranger, wlio gave his nauic as Vernon Crouipton, was then shown to a room in tho third storey. lie had only been in the room for a vory short time, when a strange noise, as of furniture being thrown about, was heard to proceed from it. Tho landlord, on going upstairs to learn the cause of this unexpected disturbance, found that Cromptou had barricaded the door against all comers. This natu rally aroused suspicion, and, procuring assistauco, ho forced tho door, and immediately on its being oponed, Cromptou either jumpod or threw himsolf out of tho window, a distance from tho ground of no less than thirty-four feet. Ho was picked up and convoyed to the hospital, when it was found that tho only injuries he had sustained consisted in bruises on tho foot and legs. Had it not been for a pro jecting ledgo, whicli partially broko his fall, death must have been tho instantaneous result of this flying leap. Many conjectures arc hazarded as to 1 1 1 . i i r i (\t i vm wlii nil iivrnnnf.flfl flu, vjir1i ni't lm t if is believed that it was perpetrated in a fit of delirium tremens ; for, although ho is said to havo boen per fectly sober when lio went to tlio hotel, it has since transpired that ho had been drinking hard for tlie last throe or four weeks. When picked up on tho pavoinont he was found almost in a stato of nudity, and it is supposod that, after ho had gone to bed, his liquor -heated brain had suggested tbo idoa of liis being pursued by phantoms, to escape from which ho jumped out of the window. An action for libel was heard in tho Old Court, on Saturday, before the Chief Justico, iu which Dr Jamos Georgo Beaney was the plaintiff, and Dr Thomas Norton Fitzgerald tho defendant. Somo of tho facts of tho caso wore rccontly disclosed in the Banco sittings of the Supremo Court, whero de fendant damurred to a plea. Tho slanderous lan guage alleged to havo beon used by the defendant was to thoeiFoet that tho plaintiff' was an advertising doctor ; that ho was not a properly qualified medical man, it being generally believed that his diploma was from tho Uiiitod States, and that it was not good ; that ho had bought tho votes which procured liis election as a surgeon to tho Melbourno Hospital ; and that no medical man would moot him in consultation. Somo time in April last, Dr Fitzgerald was in attendance upon one M'Donald, sinco deceased ; and tho latter, becoming dissatisfied with him, determined to call in Dr Beaney. On this determination being inti mated to Dr Fitzgerald, he positively refusod to meet Dr Beauoy in consultation, aud was on that occasion alleged to havo uttered tlie words com plained of to ono Spiller, a friend of Mr M'Douald's. Defendant admitted baring called tho plaintiff an advertising doctor, but tho full court, on the hearing of tho demurrer, had determined that this expression was not actionable. He denied having used the re maining expressions he was charged with uttering, and admitted that Dr Beaney held a first-class cer tificate. For tlie dofenco it was alleged that Dr Beauoy had resorted to various unprofessional rnodeH of bringing himself into public notice, the cliief of which was tho insertion of a bio graphical notico of his life, written by himself, in tho Australian Mail, a defunct newspaper. The notice was accompanied by a full leugth portrait, aud was headed 'Medical Celebrities of Victoria — No. I.' Mr Edgar Ray admitted that ho received £3U for this notice, and that tho series was not con tinued. Much was mado in this biography of tho subject having volunteered in a militia regiment, as assistant surgeon, to tho Crimea, and of his having witnessed tho fall of Sebastopol. It was shown, how ever, by comparison of dates, that Sebastopol was taken several months before tho date mentioned by Dr. Beaney as the time wlion ho was present as an eye- witness. Council for tbo dofenco read this biography through, with groat drollery, ac companying it with running comments, which kept tho court in n roar of laughtor through out. It was also alleged that Dr. Beaney had invonted a scent called ' Tho Royal Garrison Bouquet,' tho labels of which borp his namo, and that ho circulated gratuitously medical books, written by himself. It was also stated that, on tho occasion of a visit to? England, he called himself ' Do Beaney.' A witness for the defenco deposed that the plaintiff had told him that he expected to win tho action, and that it would ho a first-rate advertisement for him ; and also that ho had said be should 'smash' Dr Fitzgerald. The jury, after being locked up some fivo hours, wero unab) e to agree, and they wore discharged. The Launceston Examiner appears to be bif torly opposed to the present Tasmanian Administr ;-.tion. In its issue of the 25th it has the following :- The infatuation of tho Ministry and the majority seems complete. By their measures they wil'j. ruin the trade and interests of the colony if they remain sufficiently long in operation. In addition to the annoyance to individuals, and the paltry return that will bo obtained, the reproductive power of the colo nists will be crippled by tlie obnoxious taxes, which will interfere with trade, and tlie consequence will bo that tho ordinary revenue will decline from year to year. Wu havo entered our protest against tho insane projects that find favor with tlio present Par liament, and await the filial issue of such transparent folly without any doubt as to its character. In the meantime, from one end of the colony to tho other assessed taxes, stamp duties, and package measure ment for taxing jnirposes aro loudly condemned.' A lecturo was delivered last Friday ovening, iu the Presbyterian Church, Hotham, on ' Temperanco and the Legislature,' by the Rev. Samuel Annear, lato agent of tlio United Kingdom Alliance Agita tion Movement. The lecturer give a brief history of the movement as it existed in England, and also explained the nature of the permissivo bill it was intended to introduce into Parliament, which would give tlie people a voico in granting publicans' licenses, &c.; He concluded by soliciting tho sympa thies of the people of Hctliaui, and ondoavorod to persude them to elect such men us would support a similar bill wore one introduced into the Parliament of Victoria. The lecturer was frequently applauded during his discourse, and at its conclusion a vote of thanks was moved aud carried by acclamation. The passengers per Monarch have presented Captain Gill with a very elegant silver salver, beariug the following inscription : — 'Presented to J. W. Gill, Esq., commander of the ship Monarch, by passengers, fore and aft, to mark their apprecia tion of bis able seamanship during tho voyage from London to Melbourne, especially on tho night of 24th June, 1803, when the ship was dismasted.' A meeting was bold on Friday ovoning last, at the Mechanics' Instituto, Ballaarat, for the purpose of discussing the; arrangements for tho banquet to Sir Henry Barkly. Tho eliair was takon by Mr Clissold, tho Polico Magistrate, and some of the leading public men of tiio town wero present. The hon. secretary read a telegram from Capt. Bancroft, appointing tho 1st September as tho day most con venient to bis Excellency for the proposed banquet. Aftor somo discussion, it was resolved to bold the banquet on the 1st September, as suggested by his Excellency, and that tlio hall of tbe Mechanics' In stituto should bo tlio place in which the banquet should take place. It was then held that the viands must be cold, as a hot dinner could not bo conve niently served in tbe ball, and a resolution to that effect was adopted ; a compromise, however, being ruled to be possible in tlio shape of hot soup and vegetables. The prico of tickots was fixed at one guinea, and it was resolved to got 250 tickets printed. The Campbellfield steeplechase races came off on Saturday, on tho course, near tbo Wlioatslieaf Hotel, Sydney road. Dospite the very unfavorable weather which prevailed, a good many persons were present, tho principal portion of whom were from Melbourno. Tho races were all well contested, especially tbe first, which was for a distance of four miles, and drew out eight horses. Tho leaps wero all well taken, notwithstanding tho soft and slippery nature of the ground ; and though a few falls wero the consequenco, happily none of thom wore serious. A grey mare named Alice, who was at first put down as an outsider, judging from tho long odds which were offered against her, won the grand han dicap of 150 sovereigns. Tho favorite was Long bow, but bo disappointed his admirers by slipping at the last leap but ono, and dislodging bis rider. Albion won tho Tally-Ho Steoplochase, beating six others. And tbo last race, between Fivey and Five bob, which was run amid a deluge of rain, was won by the former, by a long distance. A very violent storm, which did considerable damago, was experienced at Ballaarat on Friday last. Saturday's Star gives the following account of it : — ' During yesterday evening thero was a good deal of lightning, and from time to timo squalls cam o with great suddenness ? and violence. About eleven o'clock at night ono of tbe heaviest squalls that wo have felt for a long timo passed over tbe town, seeming, by tho shortness of its duration and its violence, almost like a clap of thunder. Short as was tho period during which tho wind blow with oxtreme violence, it did very serious damago, for it levelled with tho ground tho entire centre of tho now Presbyterian Church iu Sturt street, which was in course of erection. This building, which appeared to bo of moro than ordinary solidity, was mainly, composed of basalt, and had progressed so far that tho walls wero ready to rcceivo tho roof. The violence of tbo wind, however, was such, that it may bo said to have blown tho centre fairly out, leaving an immense mass of ruins. Besides tlio outer walls, the pillars in tho aisles, and in fact tho whole body of tho church, has boen cast to tho ground, tbo damago amounting to at least £1000. Whether tho fall was the result of defective work, or merely in consequence of tho roof not being on, we do not know, but tho power of the wind was so great for a fow minutes that even stone walls could hardly bo expected to resist it. A numbor of persons residing in tho vicinity of tho church, hearing the noise of falling masonry, rushed out of their houses, doubt less in somo trepidation as to the safety of their own dwellings. We hear that a portion of Mr Tun bridge's now timber-yard, which was partially built, was also thrown down, and no doubt damage less serious in amount was dono to many buildings of less strength.' Tbo nomination o£ candidates for the Sandridgo Municipal Council, in room of Messrs Johnson, Hammond and May, who retire by rotation; took place in tho Municipal Chambers on Saturday morn ing. Dr. Plummer, M.C., presided, and, after tho reading of the usual formula, called upon the electors proseut to nominate three repreioutativcs. The following gentlemen woro proposed and se conded : — Alfred Joseph Johnson, Henry Gjorge Slado Hammond, William May, Robort Walton Car rick, aud William Morloy. Tbe chairman called for a show of hands for tho respective candidates, when it was found tho list stood thus : — Johnson, 4G ; Hammond, 40 ; Morloy, 37 ; May, 35 ; and Carriek, 23. On tho chairman declaring tho first three duly elected, a poll was demanded on behulf of Mr Carriek. Monday, tho 3rd instant, was ap pointed for that purpose. Sandridge has been the scene of much traffic and bustle during the past week, several large vessels with valuable cargoes having arrived from Europe. That popular passenger ship, the Donald Mackay, which brought, on this last voyage, upwards of six hundred immigrants to our shores, is perhaps the finest vessel at present unloading at the Railway Pier. There are the Norfolk, the Western Ocean, the Blackwater, the Omar Pasha, an Aberdeen clipper, the Monarch, and many other magnificent ships at present discharging or loading cargo here. A large number of " new chums " are to be seen moving about the ships which had been their home during the long voyage from the land of their birth to the land of their adoption. Judging from the appearance at Sandridge, one might be pardoned for doubting the complaints made in commercial circles of dulness in trade. Here there is apparent evidence to the contrary. Dr Youl held an inquest on Saturday, at the Melbourne Hospital, on the body of William Tibbs, one of the patients, who had died there the pre- vious day. William Perry, in whose employment the deceased had been acting as clerk for a number of years, said that he had been unwell for about three weeks. He had been advised to get deceased into the Hospital, and had done so on Friday. The deceased died almost immediately after his admis- sion. The deceased was subject to fits. He had lost a good deal of money in mining shares, and had not been so steady since. He had left some little property. Dr Robertson, one of the resident surgeons, stated that the deceased, when brought into the Hospital, was suffering from difficulty of breathing. He died almost immediately after being brought in. A post mortem examination of the body showed that the deceased had died from fatty degeneration of the heart. The jury found accordingly. The following is the state of Her Majesty's Cen- tral Gaol for the week ending Saturday, 1st August : — Number of prisoners awaiting trial before the Supreme Court : 16 males. Before magistrates : 9 males. Under sentence : Imprisonment for life, 1 male ; road gang, 20 males ; hard labor, 93 males, 2 females ; imprisonment, 40 males, 1 female ; lunatics, 1 male ; default of bail, 13 males ; debtors, 7 males. Total number in confinement : Males, 200 ; females, 3. A lad, named George Lindley, pleaded guilty, in the Police Court on Saturday, to stealing a volume of Chambers's edition of " Scottish Ballads " from the Public Library, aed was sent to gaol for three months. The book had been considerably dis- figured by the prisoner in his attempts to destroy the inscriptions which proved it to belong to the library, but this did not prevent the bookseller to whom it was offered for sale from being able to identify it, and give the lad into custody. Such thefts have recently been of somewhat common occurrence, and it is not impossible that some pre- cautions similar to those adopted with regard to the British Museum may have to be taken, to prevent this noble institution from becoming the sole resort of loafers and thieves, and its property rendered valueless to the literary student. Madame Sohier's Waxwork Exhibition has re- cently uudergone a general renovation, and some important additions have been made to the collec- tion. Correct models, and in some instances the most striking likenesses, may be seen of the chief European and Australian celebrities. " The Sleep ing Beauty" is a really beautiful model, and the classic repose of the figure is depicted with more than ordinary artistic merit. The amateur phreno- logist will find ample matter for investigation in the heads of a number of the most notorious criminals, casts from which are on view. The Waxworks Exhibition appears to be a favorite place of resort, and the improvements which have lately been carried out will no doubt secure for it a lengthened renewal of the public patronage. An Ethiopian company, of a similar caste to the Christy minstrels, but claiming priority as one of the "peculiar institutions" of American life, gave their first performance at the Alhambra Assembly Rooms, Bourke street east, on Saturday evening last. The entertainment offered by them was in many respects novel and meritorious : the songs good, and the music and other accompaniments fully equal to those of negro melodists in general, al- though, perhaps, not so uniformly commendable as those of the Christy minstrels. The performances of Edward Hervey, Paul Maxey, and Richard Sand- ford, were decidedly superior to the rest of the company. Richard Sandford's dancing provoked from the audience uncontrollable laughter. A performance by Messrs Maxey, Pell and Harvey, after Gardiner, entitled " Three Hunters from the Lachlan side," was applauded. But decidedly the best of all was the concluding piece, entitled the " Carneval D'Afrique," a sort of jumble of the principal Shakesperian and half a dozen other cha- racters into one piece, presenting simultaneously, in addition to other personages, Barnum, Lady Macbeth, Richard the Third, Hamlet's Ghost, Crazy Jake, and a New York Fireman. An elegant stage, with new drop and wing scenery has been fitted up for the company, and it appears likely that their entertainment may become a popular one. The Princess Theatre re-opens this evening, when a new play, entitled " North and South, or War in Virginia," by Mr George Fawcett, will be produced. Considerable improvements have been effected in this old established theatre during the recess, for the comfort of its frequentors. The corps drama- tique will consist of some now artistes and a few old familiar faces. The after-piece is " A Friend in Need." 