INQUEST. I, Dn inquest concerning Ihe sudden death of the o lad George Brain, wich circustanee we noticed pe in our last, was held at the "Cr Keys" publc.e Gaon Esq., Coroner, and a jury of which Mr. Ii of D. parr was foreman. John Mr. John Bin, tile fatier of the deceased, aaI ddr the lad, who was nearly fifteen years of age, took tea et home about a quarter before seven o'clock ar on Monday eveolni, drinkilng a cap of tea and ontle eating heartily of bread and batter. He was then, apparently, in perfect health, and shortly after tea obtained permission to go out into the n street. About a quarter past seven witness saw elect him running about the street with a boy named tireo Charles Collins. lt e saw him jump across or srn, into the drain, and imagined that he had jumped 10t on to a plans crossing it. Witntess called out to him to prepare to come it, as the candles t. were about to be lit, and ie said he would go In s as soon as the canoodles were lighted. About five minutes afterwards, the candles having been lighted, witness went to the door ni called ei elpa. ceased, bht received no answer. le called him vent several times, and then the boy Collins ran to- held wards him, anid enid George lio l fallen down' to the street and he thought e :t, ain a fit. Wit-. r ness immediately ran out, i td finding deceaosed r lying on his face a te chim' r of York and Mar gortetstret., picrled him h and carried him Intoh the hoase. lie was thre Itlie On OnsCIOUB, and thb witness loosened his uplper lotbes, bathing his face tis with cold water, and sent for Dr. Grant, who came down immediately, the deceased still co:tlnuing unconscious. About twenty mintes elp-e from le the time witness took deceased into the house to the arrival of the doctor. The general health of tarp deceased ihad been good. l The boy Collins was next examined. Ilia evi- not dence was to the effect that lie and the deeased for amused themselves for some time runnoig after each other in the street. Deceased Jumped twice 1.0 on to a plank in thes ditch and thence on to a stono wall. After running awhile, deceased said be was tired and wanted a spell, and th e two then eve went to the eoriter of York and Margaret streets, where deceased stood up near a post. lie dd nt els speak, and after standing for a few minutes he fell to the ground, face downwards, and gasping. Witness thougtlt lie was in a fit, and rau to toll Mr. Brain what Iad happened, at Dr. Grant deposed that whien It arrived at the eve house in company with Mr. Osborne, the chemist, he fount deceased supported in a sitting posture In a chair by the doorway. lte was apparently at dead, but witness, thinking it possible that it was merely a case of suspended animation, had hils placed on a sofa, and then for about an lhor and a eon hsoi endeavored by every possible means to re- h store animation, being induced to continuo his w efforts for so lang a time by the impression fro that wie lie, on one occasion, pla ed his ear w over the locality of tihe deceased's heart, lie de- bet tected a slight movement of that organ. Ho wos sor now, however, convinced that he was mistaken en, In that idea, and that the deceased omust have ant been dead when first taken front the ground by a" his father. Wlilst pressing decoased's chest, a Sti quantity of pultaceoun matter--bread and butter Es partially digested-woa forced from the mouth,, mh and on clearing the mitoth and examining it, ' witness found that the windpipe contained a quan- tri tity of this matter, which exuded onr te windpipe t being squeezed. From these facts, and lookintga at the evidence which he had heard, hlie was of ant opinion that death lhad resulted from asphtyxia-- h in other words, that whilst deceased was ex- me hansted and out of breath soon alter a hearty ti meal, his stomach had discharged a portion of its to contents into his month, and when panting for av breath, Instead of air being drawn in, this food had entered the windpipe and the bronchial tubes, at causing instantaneoa s ffocation. Thue blood w and froth tsaofng from to mouthot nod nose of at deceased he (Dr. Grat) looked upon as ieing tit nothing more than was natural when death oc curred In the manner he had stated. eit The Coroner having summed up, the jury re- t. r turned a verdict In strict oceordance withi tue b medical evidence. at No porl mortle, examination of the body was ro held, the doctor hbaing been fully satisied as to i the cause of death. pi el Yxsarte AY afternoon a cabman, who Was th something like 'half- eas over," managed to at drive his cab, in which were two or three pas. w engers,, against a lamp-post near the Hibernia n Inn, Brisbane.street, the lamp-gloss being o" smashed by the concussion. VWe believe no other b accident happened, but the little affair resulted o in the police laying violent hands upon " cabby," i and supplying him with a night's lodging and an opportunity fora little quiet meditation. 1 EOLcRea OF T'rm ?IooN.-A partial oclipseo of the moon took place yesterday. It commenced at hb d1m. 68s; p.m. and terminated at . 7. 7M 4e, p.m. Thie moon rose clipsedoabort twenty I minutes before 8 o'clock, but in consequence of tire cloudiness of the sky, scarcely anything wasle seen of the eclipse In Launceston. We may mention that there will not be any eclipso of the, o moon during the year 1864. Tilere will be two' eclipses of the san, but neither of them will to visible in:Tasmsnla. DoBIINomaS Ow Tnr TActA.amIt is said that Colonel Eagar, who is now'o :a visit to the North, will, "Prior to hisa roturn ti Hobart Town, visit Whirlpool Reacts arid Garden 'Iisand with a; view of aseortainitng the-inost eligible site for a battery for the defence ofthe pasasge of the River Tamar. HORTICULTURAL GARDENS.-The Mu nicipal Council advertise for a thoroughly com petent gardener to take charge of the Public Gardens. Applications for the situation must be sent in by Monday. Tenders are also advertised for the purchase of the whole of the fruit now growing in the Gardens. 'PARooisIAL AssooIATIow AT DoLoRAINB. =.i=Aietitig of the members oi :tho.Chnrch of E' ngland will be Iheld at Deloralneo Monday next to take into consideration the formation of a Parochial Association. r RItL MAo5--A rifle matolh behotween ton members of the Westbuary and Doloraleo Volun teens, and sn eqoual,. number of the' Launeeston Artillery, has been arranged to take place on Saturday. The competitors will fire at tlteir ows butts. The ranges a?o 160, 200, 2?10, and 300 yards, flve reunds at each distance.- The follow leg are the names of tite Artillerymen :sCaptnln Cowls, Sergeant larttin, Corporals T, D. Wehb and Shields, Iolnhbrdlers Weotman and Price, and Gunners T.: H. Webb, Gibtot, Frost, and reen. - I. O. RacTnAITEr.-A tublio meeting in " connection with this ordea as held in the Tem. This perance Hall on Tuesday e ning. There was a los good attendance, the hall he ng fall, th brethrenare , of the order appearing in t tr regalia. P.D.C.R. stmte John Cartledge occupled he chair, and several beer addresses explanatory of t o principles and bene. dole fits of the order were delivered. A choir was In o attendance. wbl RnAL MutONIO PALtTY or OATLAvND.-It out is nodified in 'our advertislng':coluatesj that an was election to supply the vacancies caused by the re- heet tirement by rotation of Councillors George Wi- Wlt son, jutr., and WVm. larwick, will be hold ontt hi 10th proximo. Nomintionsn may be sent In from 11 to.day until noon on Thursday, lrd December. pa TAxAn REoATTA.-In compliance with the had prayer of the memorial presented to the Mouni 12 eipal Council on Monday lost, the Mayor has con- tent vened a meeting of all persons interested, to be did hold In the Cornwall Assembly Rooms td-morrow 0I` (Frldthy) eveong, for the purposi of making wh arrangements for a regatta on the River Tamar. wr WATTnsh? Toamu SnroETs.-Yesterdayi the watercarts were, employed fortlhe first time aed this season in watering our dusty streets. IIll Rlaowoon .ELnmoroi.--It will be seen der on reference..to oar Longford correspondent's gle letter that Mr. A. J. Hornse has been elected by a cla large majority to the vacancy in the representa tion of Ringwood in the house of Assembly. The of votes were-H-orne 76, HIoughton 22,-majority not for Mr. Home, 64. bis LOYAL ConONWALL ParaIITIV LODO?, erg I.O.O.F.-Tiho members of this Lodge held their r annual dinner at the Volunteeri Hotel on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by N.G. ear M'Donald. A report of the proceedings appear o elsewhere, les ConoewALL VoUNTErn FIRE BRtIoAD. mi -The annual meeting of this Brigade is to beJleld n at the Mechanics' .Institute to-morrow (Friday) thl evening. us INSotLVNT CounT.--There will not be th: any sitting of this Court to.day, there being no ab business to transact. rel JoINT MAvAoTNUPACTU .-There were, d some few years ago, in New York, two down-nt- ro heel hangersaon to the last skirts ot low literature, eel whose broad wasllor several monthasderivable sole ly , from tho proceeds of a "sensation" tale, in the I writing of which they were co-partners, the num- In hers being written alternately by each. After some weeks had passed over their heads, a quarrel on' ensued ; one of them knocked the other down; of and henceforth, save in the matter of the story th aforesaid, all connection between them ceased. pr Still the thrilling pennyworth appeared as usual. Each in turn contributed his weekly modicum of morbid sentimentalism or blood.curdling incident ta There was, however, unfortunately lor the luckless proprietor of that oddly-produced copyright, T this little diffiealty-that A was constantly m foiling B's ingeniously woven plot and counterplot, in and B, when his weekly turn came, was ever ott T the watch to throw vieiously worked-up impedi- as meats In the way of A's next number. At last the publication died of loanition, and was vended to the nearest butterman at so much per pound C avoirdupois. Co Tna 'TALLY SYSTRMt.--'I'tI mornil, pi at the commencement of the business of the it Whitechapel County Court, the list of plaints was as found to be unusually heavy, in c9nsequenca of n their being no fewer,than 75 tally cases on sum- ct moases which hadhbeen issued against poor me- B chtanicu and laborers residing' at the eastern dis- a trict ot the metropolis, in addition to the ordinary It nosiness. The Judge (Sir Walter Riddell, Bart:), a after hearing several cases which bad been ar- ri ranged by consent,; found that the plaintiffe, in p many instances, bad allowed the goods to be sup. u plied to the wives where the husbands had not the al slightest knowledge of the transactions. He said that he was determined not to make an order In h such instances, for he was cerlainthat the poor a artlzau had to pay for a large amount of finery which was either pledged or sold. Various cases were gone Into, and it was show by the evidenceo g of the husbands that they never gave their con sent for goods supplied, when the Judge non suited the tallymen, who were ordered to pay the defendants' expenses for loss of time In: attending Cte court. CoNSUMPo o oN SPIrrIs Ari WVINE.- I The quantity of home.mnade spirits retained for o consumption as beverage in the United Kingdom I in the first httf of the year 1803 was 8,9404A8 gallons, which is almost, precisely the same quan . tity as in 1862, but 200,000 gallons less than in y 1861. 1 There were also 121,O58 gallone of mothy if lateJ spirit. - The account of foreign spirits entered for home conannaption is made up to the e end of tte first seven months of the year; the Y quantity was 2,872,879 galloons-an increlts of ta, above 100,000 gallons over the first seven months 'o of either ol the two' proceeding years; the in crease i iin brandy. The quantity of foseigi awine entered in the seven olionths was 5,081,012 gallons-an increase of 150,000 gallous over 1862 : id the increase was in white wine. !e SWEETNESS OUT O TaB SIERPENT.--I do notknoui says the Paris correspondent ofaconteno porary, whether science hasyercontrived to make abr.ad out:of deal boards, but we .know that 0 Freeeh soldiers occasionally boast of having do er rived nutriment from shoo leather, and now, a oarant, M0. de Luca; has made a discovery which, in one sense at least, eclipses tbat of beet-root U and sugar cane. lI. de Luca has sett in a paper .n- to the Academy of Sciences, in which he dese os cribes a process of converting the skins annually Scast by serpents into sugarl It appears that bthose skins contain a substance resembling the the cellular tissue of plants. It is soluablo in am lag monluret of copper, and treated with other cchemical agents, It becomes, what is known as glucose which ferments under the influence of yeast; by applying thoe proper ro.agents the cop of per and tartrate of potash are got rid of, and the day residue is sugar I Chemists may amuse themselves t a with sweetenlog their tea or coffee with this ser pontine sugar; but I am afraid the grocers' shops. will prove formidable competitors to M. do Luca's tan iuvenfion, so for as regards its marketable value. on- REactDY eon Sus-StCKsNEs .-- Neptune ston is In a fair way to be deirived of a portion of his on honors, if we may credit tim following perscription wnsaid to e sovereign against ses-sicknes :-The surgeon of the steamtahip Great Britain hias found 30 the most successful remedy to ha the nitro'hydro. ow- olori acid, withl sulphate of tagnesin. lie oftere taln this formula: dilute hydtro-elllork noid, two obb drachms a dilate nitrio acid, oee drachtm; hydro. rice cyanlo acid, 10 drops; wiater 8oz.-mixl Two nud table.spoonfuli to be taken every three or four hours.-' Mediocal and Sutrgical Reporter, AGErNT' ?1AtILITY.-Morao v. Wyno.- St This action possessed considerable importance to Amo Iouse-agents nod others, thet claim being for 11 "'rlTl 10s d, paid for gas-through defendant's neglect appri "s ngeot In tile transfer of a house, Plaintif or fo stated that on the 0otht of Augus", last Ie took a the h beer-housa of a person named Cheeseman, anod hern dolendlntt was agent for both parties. The terns these upon which plaintiff took the house were to the tain effect that all outgoing expenses to the day upon facto which he took possession should be paid by the kille outgoing tenant. As there was no voucher for over gas, plaintiff spoke to derenddnr, who said that dear was aol right, he iould see to that; there had lugd been II paid by Mr. Cheesemtan :i advance. take When, however, plaintiff had been in possession us.' three days, a claim of2 l10os fd was made for gas, E which, when the II deposit was dedaoted, loft and 11 10s 6d for plaintiff to pay; and as plaintiff trav paid defendant 12s id as his agent in the matter, morl it was, therefore, through his neglect that plaintiff Amt had to pay II tls 6d. The defence was that the to ki 12al d received by defendant was for time and at tendance in waiting upon planltiff. -Defendant l did not say he would see the gas all rights he (defendant) was engaged as agent for r o see. Cheeseman, and upon the day of the chaýg Th whlen plaintiff put upon the table the money he' was to pay for possession, &c.; the brewer and the you landlord 'of hire. Cheeseman took it all'but 17, sa which defendant lhad to take Instead of a gainca, ntle and .AiMr. Cleesoman :left' the place penniless. Yet Ils IHonorsaid agents must learn thpt if they n- still dertook duties they must perform them, or they ,loft] would be liable for any loss sustained by their ne' villa gleot. Judgment for plaintiff for amount ioat claimed.' tow A GnoeT CLrn.--Among the oddities dret of the day is the eetabllsilmont of a ghost club- will not, as might be supposed, a club for the assetm- will binge of genial spirits, but an institution for the anal organised research into the possibility of a traveller pict returning from those bournes to which we all look mar forward with Interest. The club is in downright It i earnest, as may be gathered from the fact that the Tin committee advertise for a "Haunted- House," one I whose reputation is well authenticated. Doubt- and less tho answers will be numerous; and if, alter pou minute research, the committee of the ghost clubt wee succeed in re.establishing the respectability of the ove hitherto supposed haunted mansions, by provin we the charge unfounded, their labors will be largely nee useful, as the number of so-called haunted houses agee that are closed, and have gone to decay in and to about town, under this moulderintg and blighting con reputatlon, is ridiculously large, We know of piel half i dozen suelch. The reader wishing a pleasant con drive out of the suburbs may choose Finchley- Iab road,-and just before the corner of the road made Ihas celebrated by tlia halt of the Woman In White- den namely, that diverging to Frogndt and to West se, Hampstcad-they will see a statelyruin imbedded ltes In trees, quite in the ghostly style. This place, the we believe, bears tile reputation of being the tabhi of ration of a ghost, and is, doubtless, at the service tie, of the club, though the old keeper, 'who receives if ' the gratuity of the credulous inspector,' pooh. the poohs the idea, if not the profit t raises. It has, wb however, its bit ofreal romance, well vouched for as by this cicerone-namely, the walling in of a wife raI for two years, without her seeing a ray of light tos from heaven or the aspect of her fellow- beingea. dir This is the estory the person tells, and gives very sit minute particulars of many other matters highly of interesting to the gobemouche, with the name of ni The Blueteard, which is one not new to fortune tin :and to fame.-CourtJoarnol. .9 :·. - s B3REACH OP PRIVILEoB.-AttheJudges' pa Chambers, Mr. Justice Byles decided an impor- an taent question as to a breach of privilege which thi had been before him on two former occasions. A peront had been made hankrupt, and was arrested ce for debt as he was returnlng front a police court, ov where e he had atteded its a prosecutor. Ile had tit f nothisprotectlon with him atthe time, and therofore 37 could not produce it to the officer. Mr. Justice g0 Byles saild he waB of opinion thait there had been W a breach of privilege in arresting a person return- co m in from a police court, and therefore it was not pC necessary to consider the question as tolthe batik de rapt. His lordship ordered the discharge, and ne payment to the defendant of 40a. costs, on the Cli undertaking not to bring any action for the arrest t against the sahrifr of Middlesex or tli creditor. w 1 AN .InISIt FAtta - YAnD.-- Burke's at 2 house and farm yard, though strongly: indicative li r of wealth and abundance int the owner,,were, not f withstauding, evidently the property of a man a whose mind was tar back in a knowledge of o agriculture and the industrial pursuits that de- rc pend upon it, His haggard was slovenly in the tb extreme, and his farm-yard exceedingly offensive at to most of the senses; everything lay about in a tI 5 careless and neglected manner. Wheelbarrows ' without their trundles, sacks for days under the \- rain that fell' from the eaves of the houses, Cr ,r other implements imbedded in mud, cow-houses b' a tumbling down, the pump without a handle, the. i 8 garden gate open, and the pigs hard at work des- 0 troying thea vegetables and rooting up the gar. den all. Iu directions. In fact, the very animals . about the bodso were conscious of the character is of the people; and noted accordingly. If one of " the dogs, for Instance, was hunted at the pigs, he - te ran in n apparent fury towards of that I which Ihappened to be nearest a himt, which merely lifted its head 1 ~. and listened for a time the, dog with a loud and r boisterous barking, seizing its ear, led it along 2 its that position, after which, upon the pig demur l. ig to proceed any further, he very gently dropped it, and trotted in again, leaving the destructive animal to resume Its depredations. 10 A NEW METitoo O p PA.artNoG BAD " MoBlun .--Sergeat W\Vhite 10 D, in plain elthler, he saw a man named Jock lM'GOrnti, alias Gobper, tHlery Eastward, and Edward Bird, suspiciouily \- congregated toether. On passing thhet Itoleaw SM.'Grathl counting some postage stamps tt in his hand. He asked him ot where the stamps came from, and t 'r l'Grath said he had them from Mnog, a female e* associate. All three were taken to the station, Iy and on Bird was found a good florin and ia bad at shilling. On the other prisoners found several a- forpenoy, pieces and sixpences, just such colo as would be received In change. Forsotte time past tr complaloite had been made of men going about and 0f buying stamps, and tendering -in paymeot counterfeit coin. On one occasion the womnao rh Mogg aekod for a halfcrown's worth of stamps, and tendered a bad coin itt payment, which was Ves detected. M'Groath walked In, ansd under pro er- tenets of aiding with the shopkeeper, snatched the ope bad coin from his hand and ran off. c Totn GanoaT.-Tho registration of the patent 'g* ost" is at an end, anl every town may tOse have its spectre without the permission of the his professor of the rolytohnic. Care must be taken, leot however, in the exhibition. It is awkward when the the wrong subject is reflected, a was the case at un th tte theatre whet, in onte of the scenes, ltstead of ]re. the "htanotted man" appeariug before the eyes of Iter the audience, the figure of a carlpenter, In Iis two shirt sleeves, drinkming a pintt of ale, was but too dro faithfully shadowed furth. The utter uunconc ao ousness of Cthe man, who was below the stage, as four to what was passing, made the soceue excessirely ludlerous. S?tc A SAwo?n.-The aborigines on the Amoor have their predilection for bears: "'riree log cages attracted our attention, and on tic approaching them some angry growls, and three p or four painted lmue'es protruding from hetween - the logs, told us we were before thie Ialf worhabip I hears of theo illnchoorit tribes. I asked, ' I(J ticse tribes really worship the hearP' To a cer. tlin extent they do, but the principal object is to fatten them for certain feasts, when they are killed with much ceremony, a dirge being sung ever them something in thisform-' Do not think, nt dear bhear, that it is we, the Ohelaks, who are kill. ti leg you ; t is the naughty Russians, and no? we; take veegeance, therefore, on them, hut not upon ot us." Pt EASY TaAVELLINO.-There are drawbacks a and hardshlps enough connected with American et travelling, but there is one peculiar advantage tI more than counterbalancing all the evil. In America there is nothing to sea, there are no lions to kill. Tihe town you arrive at to-day is nothing but the town you quitted yesterday all over again. Not only is there nothing to see, but nothing that you are pressed or even expected to see., YOu alight from the cars, are driven to your' hotel, write down your name in a book at bhe dfclC; are shown to your room, go down to your breakfast-the same printed bill of fare, same table attendants ; you have travelled 300 ti miles, but find yourself-preclsely as yon were. I Your palatial Inn, tihe broad street before it, thle p still wider avenue at right angles with it, the a .lofty warehouses, thoe spacious stores, the trim i villas and. gardens are all familiar objects, tie hotel itself being by far the greatest wonder of the town. ConntuI Connue you' have seen a hun- C dred towns like the one now before you. There will be no cicerone or ealetdeplace to plague you with medimval minsters, or to break your shins seainst theo remnants of Roman rubbish. No plcture gallery to inspect, no cradle of genius, no martyr's shrine to worship at. Nothling to see. It is the easiest travelling in the world.-The Times Special Correspondent. PoVLTrY roR T~n MuLLION.-Tho marvel and mystery .of our importation of eggs and poulty from the Continent are as great as they were ten years ago. We are always saying, all over the country, that we cannot conceie why we do not raise fowls enough to supply our own needs,-aeeiug' how cheaply they mcay be man aged, and how little trouble thley give. It used to be supposed. that every cottager on any common, or in any lane, had fowls stepping and picking about his gable-end; and it Ihas been considered an evidence of the dollnes of the laboring class in the rural districts that they have not extended their poultry rearing as the demand from the towns increased. We see fowls swarming in every farmyard, and round the malt ster's and distiller's grunariest and here and there we hear of an establishment for the rearing of poultry alone; but the wants of the popula tlon are very far indeed from being met. Even I if we raised fowls enough to supply the tables of tile gentry as at present, we should have to ask why other people should not eat poaltry as well as the gentry. If there were poultry enough raised, every cottager in the country; and every town laborer, might as well have a fowl for his dinner as a rasher of bacon. The high price is altogether artificial, as any traveller In i variety of countries can tell. It is the scarcity which I mkkes the high prices, and It is the desoltory and Iunprogressive way in which the rearing of fowls Is managed which makes the prollts of that de partment so precarious as we are assured they are. The experience of foreigners justifies us in t lhis conaluslon.--Once a IVeek. FnRAgoc.-Fromt the return of the late I census of France, which is taken at tile nr,d of every five years, it appears that the populatlon of I tile eighty-nioe departments amounts to 0 37,382,225 persons, to which must be added o0,000 troops employed n' foreign countries. I When the previous census was 'taken, France consisted of only eighty six departments. with a population of 86,039.364 so that after de. ducting 660,052 persons In the provinces an nexed to the empire, the increase.in tihe popula. dien sicq the last census has been 673,9092, or 1.86 per cent. The increase from 1846 to 1851 was only at the rate of 1.8 per cent., which was attribautabl to the effect of the Erench revolu Slion on the general prosperity of the country. CuRnouse CnNannn Pnovenns-On SCorrenTSMNEttr.-Tho ripest fruit grows on tile roughlest wall. It is the small wheels of a carriage thateonme first Tle man whao 'blds the ladder at tle bottom is frequently of more service than ha ie who isusationed at the top of It. The tnlre, * though blrought in at the 'area-gate,i takes the head of the table.: Better be the cat in a philan troplist's family, than a matton-ple at a king's banquet. 'The learned pig didn't learn its letters in a day. Trde merit, like the pearl Inside an eo'yster, .is content to remain quiet notl it finds an opening., The top strawberries are eaten the first. is Hie wholeaves early, gets the best hat. Pride sleeps hi a gilded crown, contentment in a cotton f night cap 