VICTORIA. St. Patbiok' 8 Society. — The monthly meeting of this Society was held on Tuesday evening, at St Patrick's Hail j tho president, Mr. Martin Hoorf, in the chair.. There was a full attendance of mem bers. The minutes of the last meeting being read and confirmed, the minutes of the meetings of tbe committee during the month were read, for the information of the meeting. It appeared, from the minutes, that the committee had appointed Dr M'Carthy a* medical officer of the Society ; and also that, on the motion of Councillor Carroll, a sub oommittee was appointed for the purpose of of considering and reporting on the most appro priate means the society can adopt with a view of furnishing newly- arrived Irish, immigrants with information and other available assistance, enabling them to procure employment, communication with their friends, and requisites of the same nature. A vacancy was reported in the general committee), and on the motion of Mr. Moran, seconded by the vice president, Mr, Gro^an, Mr. John GHeuuon was elected to fill the office. Mr. Christopher Eowan then proceeded with the motion of which he hao gicen notice at the lost general meeting, ano moved—' That the sum of twenty pounds sterling ba paid into the funds of the Melbource Hospital in ?he name of Edmund Finn, Eeq , late president of the society, for the purpose of creating him a life-governor of that institution.' He observed that in submitting tho motion to the meeting, two objects were sought to be attained j the first, s- well-merited compliment to tho late president, and the second, the endowment of one of the mu-t laudable of all the local public institutions. M?. Owen Moran, second the resolution, which wax ?. in to the meeting and carried unnnimously.—It should be noticed above, tbat the General Oommittee, had, on the recommendation of the Investment Com mittee, approved of a loan of £550, on the security of some freehold property, in the immediate neighbourhood of the city, at the rate of ten per cent interest, payable in two years. — The president direoted the attention of the members present, to the necessity of keeping the.r benefit subscriptions regularly paid up, as the rules of the society were imperative, and must be rigorously observed. — Alridgedfrom Victorian, Sept. 5. On Monday evening a lecture was delivered nc St. Francis's Hall, before the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society. Mr. Kearney's subject was ' The Omnipotence of God- manifested in a Brief Review of tbe Solar 3ystem,'' and was treated in a very satisfactory manner. We, are glad to welcome one of the body in tbe lecturer's place. Mr. Kearney's discou^e is, we hope, the first of many to be delivered by members of the Association. Nothing is so likely to benefit the individual and the society generally as discourses of this kind delivered by members of their own body. An eloquent sermon waB preached by the Very Rev. Dr. Hayes, on Sunday last, at St. Francis's Cathedral on behalf of the Convent of the Good Shepherd. Mr. Rutter's new mass was performed on tbe occasion. — Hid. The Banquet to the Govebhor.— The Valedictory Banquet, to Sir Henry Barkly, in St. George's Hall, on Thursday evening, was a demon stration, at once tasteful and splendid. Nc thing was omitted that could impatt brilliancy to it 88 a spectacle, and as a ' display of genuine personal regard ar-d respect, the proceeding such bb will give His Excel- ? lency pleasant memories for many a year in his new home. That St. George's Hall was magnifi cently decorated for the occasion, and that the wines and viands were of the most recherche des cription, is a matter of course. The real interest of the evening was the genial hearty character of the sentiments exchanged by Sir Henry Barkly and the gentlemen assembled in his honour. Sir Henry's speech was a model of good taste and kindly feelings, suoh as might be expected from the kindly disposition, and well balanced intellect, which stamped him as a gentleman. There were at least two hundred and fifty gentlemen present, Sir J. F. Palmer in the chair, and as vice- chairman the Mayor, and the speaker of the Legislative As sembly. The company comprised gentlemen of nil shades of religious and political opinion, all differ ence very properly forgotten in the common desire to pay a tribute of respect to a governor who*,' long administration of our affairs has terminated without a stain or disaster. —Ibid, His Grace the Archbishop proceeds to Melbourne this afternoon, by the Wonga Wonga. on business connected with the church. We sincerely hope his Grace will enjoy good health during his absence, and that the change of air will tend to the benefit of one who is beloved by th* Catholics of New South Wales. The Royal Mail Steamer left Hobsons Bay yesterday morning, and may be expected tf arrive in Sydney to-morrow forenoon. Her mail will not be delivered till Monday morning. IThe Opera. — The season was brought tu a brilliant termination last Saturday evening by. one of the best, if not the very best, performance ot the '' Huguenots' that has jet been given. The performances were for the benefit of Mr. W. F. Lyster, the lessee, and the theatre was crowded in every part. Mr Lyster having bsen called before the curtain at the dose of the fourth act expressed his acknowledgments for the very liberal support lit had received during the season, and although some persons had lamented that he had not been better patronised he begged to assure them that he did not partake of the legret for he was perfectly sa'isfied. As a proof ef the musical taste of the people of this city he said that probably in no place in the world certainly in none that be was ac quainted with, would an opera season, extending over the space of four months, be so liberally patro imed as it was by the people of Sydney. It was his intention as long as hs remained in these colonies to give an opera season in Sydney every }ear. Mr. Lyster was loudly cheered during and at the close of bis address. Prince oe Wales Theatre.— The Ghost is of course still the groat attraction of the ovpninnr hut. has Assumed a comic piiirr and under tho similitude of Tom Sayers and Jack i Heensn greatly effects tbe nerves of Mr. Rogers ? and Mr. Young. The. piece de circonstance i entitled the ' Haunted Chamber,' performed for j the purpose of introducing tfie sbacieri of the two ; heroes of the PR., is almost as shadowy as the I Gliosis themselves wuo pitched into each other with all the pluck ami vjgonr of flesh and blood. In addition to the ghostly set-tri bef.we -u the shades of the still living pugilists Mr. Rogers mid Mr. Young received a call from the Red Hunts man and a highly interesting ghost of the skeleton of the Rose of Killarney. Ghost, lami has decidedly been looking up at tbe Prince of Wales for the last few nights. Tbe dramas, not of a ghostly cbaiacter, have been the comedy oi 'Mother Carey's Chickens' and the very inter esting little drama of ttie ' Chimney Corner.' Mr?, Carey and her promising biood were well represented by Mrs. Crosby, Miss F. Young, Miss A. M. Quinn,. Mrs. Manly, Miss Seymour. Miss Corcoran, Mr. Barry, Mr. bYYoungi ani Mr. Rogers appeared in tbe characters a\ Spooner. JLragg- and Gadbury. In tliu' ' Clii'n ney Corner' Mr. Rogers gave an excellent im personat;on of Solomon Probity and Mr. F Young was very effective as his sou Peler Pattv . And Grace Eiuery found very efficient rejn«.-. sentatives in Mrs Crosby and Miss A. M. Quiim. To-night Mr. Jefferson, certainly one ot tbe best actors in tliuae colonies, will make his first appearanco at. the Piiuco of Wale.s, in the drama of 'Rip Van Winkle/' ? his 'cciii^ i(. which caused so great a sensation during hi» i last engagement iu Sydney. u 1 } 