6n^^-ra^'aocl»iaje Impression 'fiaifc 4|£*QtB(l>' feererri l^'bn BiiBirifetM jl-ftii be^4e-^e(7midBt of *teB^-C»tt«ngM«S ; ment.^feottfotbeeJd tbnhirywWto'-t^;ieofo^,tI!: , 0iUe I am entitled to make a few remarks onwhat 1 T^w tjhh e'temua-; Prom tbe scanty information I t»p^^ td |)ick iyi ^t would appear that Megsr» »oke» Bad Hawkins are at a aort off end ,-#pi Messrs. Anwyl Brothers aat»!the iitnedf Hoeing^ ireitberof .them/in'T^t;iike^gfeat -manyptbers, bavingyd tiered tothgirpledgea. The indefatigable"" Inmg8B proteated ik usual Against late shipping, and I\ras Informedthat last night be waa^venasaanlted. ^Bes tibia as it may, T waaa witness ihise Tuning to one of the inoA'diiJcredltable BCenes imaginable. _ Three bellineniTOgiag '*® at oace bppc&ite; lleisn Noke* ?*sd Hawkins' estaMMimpntone 'flrnhte, and the othersroaringat the top of their voices,:uDon't' .(hop lale," and * Shop when yon like" It was jeri joent thaton attempt was made to jiut Mr Wtir thington doifn, and in order to yccomplhh thst: desirable end lb Sokes not jeatSified; with hooting anS yelling likea'comlnpn «cavengeiv*nd gacnlating soph <ihoicfc'phrases as "go'borne," "Jay down," " you're a liar " and so on.botto clinch the mates gets hold of Joe's, bell, and perambulates throogh .the crowdringing either, in the front or «jur<of5 ?" Lungs," ahpnting aU ^ time, ".'Shqp ?. when yon; like." Scclvan£xliibiaoo Was saggetfire qnthe, one hand oftthorough disgust, and on the other of contempt and scorn. I have only toadtl at present that if Mr botes' thinks he willdbgbod tobiiaself1, by meh#entitmanlif fiooAu&, fit iaaltogetber oat of I Ms reckoning.. ; : ,-± , UT.tlfl. Toakooo -Cranio.-Mr S. B. Black, on Saturday,5" showed our reporter a cask of ick^-grbwn tobaOoo, which iqjpefee io4ucvett»eBi Very raix&ssfully; cored. ttKM brought in from the fam tbbe niaan&ctnr;^l, 'fe j&elWre; MrBtncktntend«-etaM.iugin bjtpi-i ness of tobacco manufacturer. "The parcelTefefred tp wilLbe dressed "by him, so that we shall really fee using onr own grown'and mannfeetared tobacco. Bendigo Aiicertiicr. A i50B3t:t0te FOB QUININE.-Drs Joret and; Homolle hare laid before the Society of Pharmacy, at Paris, a new remedy, to which they havegiven the name of apiol, and which they claim to have the medicinal properties of Peruvian bark.. The. near, product is obtained from common parsley seeds. The method'is as follows.:-"Powdered paraley seeds are to be exhausted with dcohbTof Bp. gr. 890 to 864; the tincture obtained is to be treated vith ? charcoal, ? and then en^satel in a water; bath until three fourthB of the alcotiol have been recovered. . The residue is to be treated with ether of chloroform, and the eolation bo ob tained is to be evaporated (finally by a stoye heat),' until all trace of either menstruum has been expelled. A liquid remains, which is to be tritu rated with an eighth of its weight of litharge, and then allowed to subside during forty-eight hoars Einally it is to be filtered through a thin layer of charcoal, which will render it nearly colorless. The product BO obtained is called apioL" Apiol retains the color of parsley seed, and has an acrid and pun gent taste; it is allied to a fixed oil in character; it does not contain nitrogen. It is given in doses of five drops, in any mucilaginous fluid, or in fonri of a syrup. Bo far, all looks well for apiol; bnt before we place it by the side or in the place of quinine, we must hear its virtues more widely acknowledged, and learn somethingof its price as compared with its rival.- Social Science Eevitw. A STAGE SCEKE.--A writer who has travelled ex tensively says that he witnessed rather a strange scene in Shakespeare's beautiful tragedy of " Romeo and Juliet;" it was at one of the Western theatres. The piece had passed off well without interruption. until the last scene." The character of Romeo was excellently enacted and loudly applauded. The model of the lover was at the tomb of the Capulets, gazing upon the motionless form of her who had eo attracted his soul, .and meditating upon committing an act which would send his Bpirit to that undiscovered country where he supposed Juliet's had gone. Just as he exclaimed, "Here's to love!" and at the same time raising the vial which contained the poison to Ins lips, a stalwart young ?countryman jumped upon the stage, seized him, dashed the vial- from his hand, crushing it into atoms, and yelling, "Yer darned fool, she ain't dead. Only been takin' a little eleepin' medicine.' Didn't jer get the parson's letter?' *' Sirrah!" growled out the enraged trage gian. while the house fairly shook with laughter. " Why, yer gal ain't dead, I tell yer. The way it was, they wanted to make Julie marry that chap thar," pointing at Paris, " whose business yon have just settled, but I tell you Julie war pluck-she got her back right up and vowed she wouldn't do it, even if while she war lying in the vault the ghost of the other feller whom you kilt should dash her brains out with the bones ot some of her dead cousins. W&I;, her pluck war up, and she took the staff the parson fixed, so she could play possum till you got hum. That's the way it war," replied the country man, giving the desperate lover a tremendous poke in the ribs with his elbow, and at the same time losing his hold. " Hell's curses on the fellow," muttered the raving tragedian, as he stalked behind the scenes.! " Wall, now.* said the countryman, facing the audience, if that ain't a leetle the dod darned meanest cuss X ever did see, I hope to be swowed. That's all the thanks I git for stopping him from pizenin himself. Hope to be tarnly swashed if ever I go to interfere again whon a fellow wants to murder himself," he continued, as he clambered back to his seat, just in time to prevent his upper story from coming in contact with the curtain as it descended.-American Scrap Book. 