? ♦ ? VICTORIA. [From Messrs. Greville & Bird to S. A. Advertiser.] Melbourne, August 8. Weather again showery. Flour is a shade better. The Poultry Show was largely attended. Heales's new Land Bill has been favorably received. The pension question is exciting great indig nation against Duffy and Ireland. Melbourne, August 10. The mail telegrams have engrossed all atten tion to-day. The shipments advised are considered heavy stores here being full. It is thought that tobacco is likely to fau, but advices are waited for before operating. Cohen offered the Santiago's cargo, but it was withdrawn. Afterwards, however, 3,800 bags were sold privately : — Rations, at £24 ; fine brown, at £27 10s. ; good counters, at £30 ; fine, £31 10s ; yellow crystals, £34 ; middling white, £36. Weather, cold and fine. Melbourne, August 11. The mail steamer is not yet sighted, and she cannot come up the Bay to-night at any rate, as a dense fog is prevailing. There is no business doing. At auction 200 boxes damaged candles sold to 7id. Le Soeuf will be sworn in as Usher of the Black Rod to-morrow. An address was read in the Council from Burgoyne, recommending the erection of a shore battery in preference to a floating battery. In the Assembly, Dr. Macadam gave notice of motion to place £1,000 on the Estimates for the best essay on Australian exploration. Melbourne, August 12. In the Assembly, this afternoon, Mr. Heales has moved the second reading of the Land Bill. The English Cricketers will sail in the Great Britain. There is no alteration in the players. Casey has been returned for Mandurang by a good majority. Melbourne, August 13. Business quiet. At Cohen's auction, tobaccos were withdrawn for higher prices. Eice was sold at fair rates. There was no quorum in the Assembly. The weather is frosty. [From the Telegraph.] Melbourne. August 8. The Railway Management Bill was read a third time and passed. Le Souef is to be appointed Usher of the Black Rod. In the case of Hodgkinson versus Clough, judgment has been given for the plaintiff, damages £1,500, subject to the receipt of certain evidence; the amount to be £4,000 if that evidence is not forthcomintr Arrived — Norfolk, from London, 71 davs. Sailed— Havilah. Commercial. — Markets have not rallied. One hundred tons of Hart's flour have been sold at £14. Malt is in demand at 8s. 6d. to 8s. 9d. Melbourne, August 10. There have been no shipments of gold during the week. Flour and malt not enquired for. Hams and bacon firmer. Blasting powder advanced. The captain of the Norfolk reports being boarded by the Confederate war steamer Georgia. They had captured six Federal ships, and intended cruising in the neighborhood of Trinidad. The Poultry Show has closed. The success haB been greater than in previous years. Patents have been taken out for repro ducing the Ghost, so successfully exhibited in London. The Ministry anticipate some difficulty on the land question in the Upper House. , , Melbourne, August 11. A large meeting has been held to express sympathy with the Poles. A Committee was appointed to receive subscriptions for a Sick and Relief Fund. The Mavor oresided. Melbourne, August 13. In the Assembly Mr. Heales, on moving the second reading of the Land. Bill, explained its provisions. Mr. Duffy would not oppose the second reading, but would move amendments in Committee. A notice of motion was given that a drawback ie allowed on the export of cigars manufactured in the colony from imported leaf. But little business is doing in tobacco ; prices generally tend downwards, and a considerable fall is expected. We have had frost the hist three nights. ? '?-¥ ? 