The recurrence of the great Christian festi vals of the year recalls in agaarticular manner to our minds and serves as a stand-point whence we may survey the result of the in ~- ?-— ? j* conceivable benefits that the coming of an incarnate God has conferred upon the human race. It is true that not one single day of our . lives passes without our haine- Tirongut. taoe to face with this mystery ; throughout every revolution of this earth which we inhabit, from| the rising of the sun until its going down, the clean oblation foretold by the propnec is ouerea op on mjriaus 01 aitars throughout the habitable globe. On the day get apart and dedicated by express command , ? of God himself for his worship this mystery IB still more strongly impressed upon us, but in the great festivals of the Oburch it is Stamped with a solemnity, a majesty and a tenderness which appeal with irresistible effect to the hearts of those most lukewarm and careless in practising the duties of that faith which it was the mission of the Messiah to disseminate throughout all the nations of the earth. If this be the case with all the festivals of the church, with how much greater force does it apply to this the earliest and most touching of them all ? Scarcely has another year been added to the records of the past which ever since the foundation of Christianity have served to illustrate the trials, the dangers and the triumphs of the Church of God than with the opening of the * new ecclesiastical year we are called upon to celebrate the birth of its Divine Founder ; with1 the shepherds we hear the message of peace to men of good will, and guided by the fitar, which has been said to signify the descent of God for the salvation of man, -ve are per mitted to offer the gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh to the newborn Saviour. The Church, impatient to pay Him honour, does not wait until the accustomed time for divine service but meets Him on the very threshold of the auspicious day with hymns of exultation and gladness. There is no recollection of past affliction to shade even while it intensifies our joy, but in the whole service of the Church, from the first psalm in the matins which bids us , ' come let us praise the Lord with joy ; let us joyfully sing to God our Saviour,' to the conclusion of the service of the day there is nothing to shade or diminish the universal gladness. From the great centre of Catholic faith and unity to the most remote confines Of civilization, the same universal sentiment s pervades every member of the Church of Christ; from the representative and vice gerent of. the Divine Infant upon earth to the poor savage whose mind has just been opened to the knowledge of Catholic truth by the labours pf the pious missionary, there is poured forth the same hymn of praise, adoration, gratitude and love. Other Christian communities, too, who are not united to us by the cqinmon bonds of. faith, yet join in the thanksgiving poured forth by the Universal Church for the favour in being permitted to celebrate the commemo ration of so great a mystery. The religious sentiment induced by the arrival of the day when the great mystery of the Incarnation is in a particular manner presented to us, is paramount in the mind even of the most careless of and indifferent to the practices of religion ; the number of those who are absent from Divine worship on Christmas Day, however irregular they may be for the rest of the year, is f ewan- deed, but there are social aspects to the time of Christmas, which no other time or season of the year possesses. Many of us who have been accustomed in our earliaryears to associate Christmas with the snow-clad and ice-bound countries of the bleak North can scarcely realise the season when it is ushered in by the balmy breezes of summer, but yet Christmas in this genial clime of ours appears, after all, more in accordance with the spirit of the time and certainly is so with the ideas of the poet who, when writing on the birth of the Messiah, ex claims : — ' See Nature hastes her earliest wreaths to bring With all the incense of the breathing spring ; Sea lofty Lebanon his head advance, See nodding forests on the mountains dance : See spicy clouds from lowly Saron rise And Carmel's flowery top petfumes the skies ! ' ? We are spared, too, the presence of that great amount of misery, poverty and suffer ing which from the severity of the weather, are the inevitable attendants of Christmas in countries less favoured by nature than ours and which, while they afford opportunities for the charity of the benevolent detract so largely from the enjoyments of the time. But even here we need not go far to find many who would receive with gratitude the cheerful offering we make to alleviate their misery out of our superfluity. We may rejoice and laugh and make merry with our friends and kinsfolk and acquaintances, but we cannot shut our eyes to the Ignorance and Want which the spirit pointed out to Old Scrooge and of which there are... ton man; viutims to do lounci even m this favoured clime of ours. Christmas is a time which more than any other touches the hearts and unlocks all the kindlier affections ; charity is generally supposed to begin ? at home, but it might once a year at. least walk out to take a bit of an airing. ? If we at this season press the hands of those who are near and dearer to us with a warmer, grasp, we can surely extend them to those whose misfortunes deny them the same gifts of fortune which Heaven has so bounteously bestowed upon ourselves ; the act of doing good carries with it a sensible blessing even here below, and who would refuse to pur chase so exquisite a pleasure at so small a cost ? A few short hours will bring us to that time when by universal consent, we measure all the other divisions of the year ; we say ah ! it is so long since last Christmas day ; Christmas will soon be hear again. So soon indeed that we may say by anticipation, ' A merry Christmas to us all, and may God bless us every one !' Monsieue de Montalembert delivered one of the most striking speeches, that have been heard for many years, at the Congress of M alines. TJbte occasion itself, a Catholic congress, is a startling fact in the history of the church, a great event which we hail with hope and unalloyed pleasure. It is true that the opinions enunciated by this eloquent and renowned champion of the Catholic Church have met with some opposition among Catholics, but the ideas are no less noble, the expressions no less grand, the truth of them no less apparent for that opposition. M. de Montalembert opened his speech by a vivid description of the spread of democracy. c Modern society,' he says, ' democracy — to call it by its name, exists ; we may even 'say that it alone exists, so little ttrength has everything but it. Over one half of Europe it is already supreme, over the other half it will be so soon, and while we live it will change neither its principle nor its nature.' But while thus observing the. rapid spread of democracy, he protests against an idolatry of the spirit of the present time any more than of the past. While he sees and ad mires what is great in the past and present, he endeavours to study the future. ' I look before me' he says again, 'and everywhere I see nothing but democracy. I see the flood rising, always rising, reaching every thing and overflowing everything. I were fain to! fear it as a man, but as a Christian Ifearit not, for while Isee the deluge, Ibehbld the ark. On this immence ocean of demo cracy with its abysses, its whirlpools, its reefs, its dead calms, and its hurricanes, the church alone can venture without misgiving and without fear. She alone will not be swallowed up in it. She alone has the com pass which never varies, and the pilot who never fails.'' In this we believe every Catholic will agree with M. de Montalembert, the church has nothing to fear from demo cracy, from what he calls 'liberal demo cracy' as opposed to that levelling, socialis tic democracy, which would erect an altar of human reason in place of the altar of the Almighty God. We see the church con tending against many difficulties and much opposition, under obligarchic as under democratic governments, but nowhere has she been in danger. It is an old calumny often cast upon the Catholic Church that she is opposed to liberty, but this has been shewn to be a base invention of her enemies. That she is opposed to that liberty by which is meant universal disorder is a virtue instead,. of a fault. But it is false to assert that her doctrines forbid liberty as defined by Montalembert, ' democratic liberty, founded on common rights and on equality regulated by reason and justice' liberty in its entirety, not political liberty without religious liberty, not civil liberty without political liberty, but religious, civil and political liberty combined. He shows clearly that the Church itself cannot be free unless in the midst of general freedom and ' there is noth ing in this world God loves so much as the liberty of his church' according to St. Anselm, that liberty, for the church, is the first blessing, the first necessity. The liberty of former times was based on privileges, and that of the present day was unknown to our ancestors, was unknown in the great ages of Christian history. But as these privileges have been swept away in the progress of time, we Catholics, must adapt ourselves to the new state of things, we cannot hope for a return to tViftao privii^a'ooj ??«'* iiiao«a a.\j we wet uc them. The Catholic ChurcH unlike Pro testantism is not a human system requiring to be supported and upheld by human agency. Those privileges that she did possess were used ;n the defence of the helpless, but as the people are no longer subject to the feudal tyranny of turbulent barons, and petty princes, the church requires no longer those privileges for their protection. The arm of the church was never raised but in defence of the oppressed, and in defence of liberty. Protestants assert that she is tyrannical, but let them show us an instance where the power of the Pope was used to depose a good sovereign. Can they deny the ceaseless efforts of Boniface VIII. to teach Philip the Fair, of France, that religion must be free ? She asks no union with the state, but she requires freedom to teach her doc trines ; she inculcates loyalty to the govern ment, whether republican or monarchical, but she has ever resisted and will ever resist the despotism of the tyrant as the despotism of the mob. ' A free church in a free state,' is what M. de Montalembert desires and what no Catholic can dread, and when we demand freedom as a right for ourselves, we claim it also as a right for those who are opposed to us. Some who cling to old traditions, the laudatores ? temporis acti, wish for a return to the old state, not so we ; even were it possible to obliterate from the page of history the last century, were it possible to have all things placed on the same footing as they were some hundred years ago, we should not hesitate ; for believ ing in the infallibility and invincibility of the church, we see her grander, more sublime as she stands, unaided by man, receiving protection from God alone, and conquering error by the force of truth and the inspira tion, of the Holy Ghost alone. M. de Montalembert sums up the dangers which democracy brings with it, ' dangers' he says ' which Catholics are condemned to meet everywhere and always, but which they alone can face without fear, because they alone are sure to find in their faith, strength to brave them and surmount them.' I And first among these dangers he places the 1 revolutionary spirit, which, although it does I not belong to democracy, is ever found I mixed up with it, and which by the terror I it inspires and the appetites it excites is f ' the chief author of all the abasement of I public life in our days.' How true these I words and how applicable to New South I Wales ! Another danger marked by the f talented orator is that unjust equality I ' which, while it proscribes all independence I and all adversity, disregards both the first 'I law of nature and the first condition of f liberty; which persecutes talent and intelli- § gence as well as wealth and birth ; which I says with Fouquier Tinville to Lavoisier i I ' the Republic does not require men of | learning;' and with Louis Blanc, at the | Luxembourg in 1848 ; ' Intellectual supe- | riority does not constitute a right any more | than muscular superiority.' | From the following quotations our public f men will learn alesson of which there is much I need in this colony. Their importance to I us all compels us to give them in full : f These symptoms of the disease by which all I modern nations are attacked are most conspicuous | in the constant and daily progress of contralisation I invented by Sovereigns to facilitate the triumph of | all Revolutions, and which after being the tomb . c of olden Royalty, threatens to become the prison, | the ergaslulum, of modern democracy. Happily, 1 this insensate centralisation is beginning to be an f object of suspicion to intelligent and independent f Democrats, but nowhere, Bince our too hasty and I too timid efforts in the Legislative Assembly of ?[ I 1849, have men tried to oppose a serious barrier | against it. It everywhere continues to arm the | State with a power undreamed of by our ancestors, I a power which invades such regions as education and charity, in which its action was always un- known among the nations of antiquity — a power chiefly exercised by the exclusive distribution of public functions, the number of which incessantly increases, and the ardent hunt after which inflames generation after generation. This furious and uni- yersal rage of place hunting makes society a prey on which subsist whole generations of parasites until fresh generations of hungry applicants succeed in replacing them by miracles of servility, or by the rising tide of a Revolution. This social leprosy reproduces itself over all Europe with a frightful regularity. The same maybe said of that gradual assimilation which is being effected between the laws and institutions of all countries according to the pattern of French centralisation. It is preparing the future for a sort of new cosmopolitism, which will end by destroying the notion of fatherland, as well as the sentiment of individual dignity. Thus Europe is progressing along many paths towards that hideous system of the Roman empire which was born of a corrupt democracy, and which, in our days, finds such shameless panegyrists in official savants, in our Court men nf letters and in certain German professors. Napoleon I. showed continental Europe that it was not impossible to bow down the most civilised nations beneath the yoke of a universal humiliation. The laws and customs of States, centralised or democratised to excess, will hereafter level before a conqueror those barriers and obstacles over which that great man of prey was not always able to prevail. But while signalling the dangers that de- mocracy brings with it, he also exposes the evils that monarchism has left : So much for political life. , But in moral life, in the life of the soul, how many far greater perils are there in the social condition which the monarchical usurpations of the three last centuries have be- queathed. to democracy. The universal and exclu- sive passion for material prosperity ; the disappear ance of the restraint of honour, for the crowd, said Macchiavel is not bound to have any honour; the foolish confidence of human pride — the infatuation of Utopian dreams, the depraved worship of immoral success, Christian humility replaced by servility, incessant and formidable temptations in all the domains of thought and of action, the vogue of unlimited publicity gained by everything which attacks the dogmas or the morals of Christianity, the frightful popularity of writers without shame and without faith, so well described by M. Guizot as intellectual malefactors; the theatre transformed, under the protection of the police, into a laboratory of insults and calumnies against us, history un- worthily falsified, and transformed now into a receptacle of filth, now into a systematic vindication of persecutors and murderers from Henry 8th down to Robespierre ; the novel, become not as formerly, a purveyor of sensuality, but the preacher of the theology of evil and the anatomist of social de- formities ; the education of our children, even of our daughters, coveted and disputed by the insatiable grasp of infidel monopolists, who, in the name and the colours of the State, would snatch them from us to shut them up in intellectual prisons, and to keep them there until the last trace of our domestic beliefs be blotted from their souls ; religion the victim of the indifference of the masses, of the rage of men of letters, of the distrust or the hostility of the Government until the true revolutionary theory shall become applicable. And this theory I give you, as it was exposed 13 years ago by two Apostles, who deserve praise at least for their frankness. In November, 1849, a representative of the people then sufficiently noto- rious, M. Felix Pyat, said in a public letter to the electors :— ' The Republic has two powers, the two swords, for she proeeeds from the sovereignty of the people, that is the spiritual sovereign, as it is the temporal sovereign. No more tiaia, no more crown; the people is Pope as the people is King.' And last year in Belgium, at Brussels, at the Congress of the International Association for the Advancement of the social Sciences, a French i ^ljL^I«l.l.-iJ.ii'.«MlU^-r..--JJIj..--»-'-..»U«ftWWWfaMfci»»Uiil- ? IMIIIII democrat said—' No, gentlemen, we will not the two swords, we will have but one, bat we will have \ it in our own hand.' You see, then, these naive and ferocious aspira- \ tions oMuture tyranny are leading us back to the most odious Slaveiy of the past. The ideal of thiB anti- Christian and anti-liberal democracy is no other than omnipotence concentrated in one hand, and the subjugation of soul and body under one power, 88 in Chiaa, as in ancient Egypt, as in the Roman Sjapire. How well those words which we italicise apply to the attempt in this colony to bring education under the national system alone, let the favourers of such an attempt study those words of the illustrious Frenchman and they will see cause to change their opin ions, based on the falsest grounds, and on the most shallow of shallow arguments. In our last issue we published an able article from the Irishman, Tuition or Education, which ehewed, what a miserable failure, national education is in Ireland, and now we have one of the greatest laymen of the Catholic Church, denouncing in unqualified terms a similar system. Will our little colonial law makers think themselves e^ual to Monta lembert? We shall comment on the remainder of this most remarkable oration in our next issue, for M. de Montalembert enters deeply into many other subjects, of paramount im portance to Catholics, all over the universe. 