THURSDAY, MARCH 5th, 1863. WHILE the whole colony is deplo- ring the increasing prevalence of crimes of the " bushranging class," and suffering without hope of re- dress from the ravages of the law- less scoundrels of whom the notori- ous GARDINER is the great proto- type; and while another class of offences, which, if not so alarming and perilous in their nature, are at least equally annoying, we allude to horse and cattle-stealing----are at- tracting public notice and demand- ing to be visited with condign punish- ment; there is another insidious sin, which if it be not entirely over- looked, is at any rate treated with a far less severity, and excites far less attention, than its nature and - sequences call for. The breach of the ninth commandment, a com- mon occurrence enough in general society, as evidenced by the preva- lence of slander, and petty exagge- raition, and misrepresentation in every little community,----stays not within the circles of ordinary society, \----but insinuates itself, or else comes with impious effrontory, within the sacred precincts of our courts of jus- tice. It is generally supposed that those who have no special regard for veracity in their daily intercourse with mankind, have nevertheless the strictest care to speak "the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth," when they have gone through the ceremony of "kissing the Book ;"---- a ceremony which in too many instances is only a solemn mockery. But to those who are familiar with our courts of justice the opinion is fast gaining ground that false swearing is not only rife already, but is in daily ascendency, \----at least in this colony of New South Wales. One's blood often chills at the intrepidity and rashness with which, to gain some paltry end, men " lie to the HOLY GHOST ;" and the admonitory and familiar story of ANANIAS and SAPPHIRA comes involuntarily before the mind, till one almost expects in modern cases a repetition of that terrible sum- mary judgement, and would hardly feel surprised to see now and then a false swearer struck dead with a lie in his right hand. Although in a position to prove what we have, asserted as to the general prevalence of this particu- lar vice throughout the length and breadth of the colony, it will an- swer our present purpose to refer only to instances that have but just now transpired, and must lie fresh in the memory of most of our rea- ders. Mr. Justice CALLAGHAN, in his present circuit, has brought to light,---- and to some extent ren- dered valuable service to society at large by punishing one or two of the offenders,--- some instances of gross perjury ; and we are disposed to regret that his honour did not see his way clear to do more than re- primand a case or two that occurred last week in this very town. The motives which seem to have actuated the perjurers in those cases must have been either to cover their own acts of dishonesty or to prevent the course of justice in cases where- in they were important witnesses. It is no uncommon occurrence to find witnesses in guilty complicity before giving their evidence, so as to produce something like harmony in their statements, and thus give an air of truth to what they know to be false ; and if we mistake not, a case of this very kind occurred in the District Court just closed. But in how many instances, and for how many ends, perjury is resorted to it is impossible to say. A moment's reflection will lead us to form a correct estimate of the sure results of the crime of perjury. Wherever it is perpetrated with success there the ends of justice are defeated, alike in civil and crimi- nal cases ; and with the increase of perjury comes the loss of confidence in the public administration of jus- tice. Much has already been suf- fered through the wilful and delibe- rate false swearing of witnesses ; and unless we exercise some powerful cheque upon persons sworn to speak the truth, and show our abhorrence of the crime by detecting and se- verely punishing its perpetrators in every instance, we may make up our minds to suffer more yet, and in the end have our courts of justice avoided rather than resorted to for the redress of our wrongs. We must look for the causes of this serious crime in the low moral tone of our population. Prone as men are to prevaricate (for, as a Book not too well known says,'' they go astray from the womb speaking lies,") it cannot be but that the fre- quency of perjury and the hardihood with which the offence is often before- hand concocted, and afterwards boas- ted of, in the presence of others, instills into the minds of listeners a disregard for the simple undis- guised truth. The very form of administering the oath in our courts of justice has a tendency to mislead the unenlightened and superstitious. More stress by far is laid on the use- less formula of holding the Book in the right hand, without the glove, and in kissing the open Book, than in the solemn invocation contained in the words, ' So help me GOD." How many "kiss the Book" and re- main ignorant of the meaning at- tached to that ceremony. So much for ceremony, when care is not ta- ken to properly instruct as to the thing signified ! Our form of oath is indeed not properly and duly ad- ministered when it is omitted to make the witness say '' So help me GOD," and to be satisfied that he understands the import of those so- lemn words. And how few clearly understand their meaning. If every witness were duly required to re- peat those words and care taken to make him understand that by them lie means,----" I cull upon Almighty GOD in the presence of this court, and as I shall answer at the day of Judgement, to witness that I speak the truth, the whole truth, and no thing but the truth; and to assist me by His grace to do so;"---- men would oftener hesitate than they do now before rashly perjuring them- selves. We can however only hope for a thorough reformation in this respect to result from the right and general instruction of the masses in morality. Let us strive to beget a proper regard for the truth amongst men in their ordinary train- sactions and intercourse, and then we may hope for an abatement of the crime of perjury. But to teach men the heinousness of this offence as regarded by the administrators of the law, and all else who are properly instructed, every perpetra- tion of the crime for which a con- viction can be procured, must be punished with the utmost severity, and only by so doing can the law be made a salutary terror to this class of evil-doers. 