THE GHOST IN CHANCEEY. The Lord Chancellor has been visited at his man sion, Hackwood Park, near Basingstoke, by the G-host and a number of gentlemen, all claiming more or lesB legitimate relationship to him. Messrs. Iioibl and Sonnhammer, the proprietors of the Pavilion Music Hall, at the top of the Haymarket, took him, and Mr. Wilde (of the Alhambra), Mr. Kvae (o Bath), Professor Pepper (of the Polytechnic),, and others claimed him, and brought their legal advisers to support the claim. The question arose in this way. In February last, after Messrs. Diroks and Pep per's Ghost had turned out a ' hit' at the Polytech nic, they obtained a provisional specification, with a view to patent. In the following August, just before it was time to obtain the great seal, the other parties above-named lodged objections according to the Patent Law Amendment Act. On acoount of these objections the patentees obtained a further month's provisional protection to answer them. Affidavits were further filed on both sides, and the Lord Chancellor fixed Wednesday for the disposal of the case so far as the issue of the great seal was con cerned. After disposing of some legal technicalities which his lordship adjusted to meet both sides, Mr. Bower, on behalf of Messrs. Loibl and Sonnhammer, went into the merits of the case. He put in a num ber of affidavits tending to prove that the ghost was a very old one, and had been exhibited in London and throughout the country as far back as 1845, the parentage of it seeming to rest on Herr Dobler, the celebrated conjuror. He referred bis lordship to a playbill of the period, wherein one Palmer exhibited it for his benefit at Margate. As the proprietors of the Pavilion had taken a model stage down with them all complete, the 'house was lighted up,' and his lordship had the pleasure of witnessing the ghost business very conveniently. In the course of the argument his lordship said that he remembered seeing the eame thing when a boy 55 years ago 5 it was exhibited by Belzoni, the celebrated traveller, and an account of it was published. On the other side affi davits were put in from Sir David Brewster and Professor Wheatstone, testifying that the invention was new. The Lord Chancellor delivered an elaborate judg ment. He reviewed all the affidavits, and said that the objectors had no grounds before them ; they came in at the last moment, and wanted to overturn all the three hearings of the Attorney-General, who must have been satisfied of the merits before he remitted the patent for the great seal. If he witheld it, the patentees had no remedy, no appeal elsewhere, but by granting the patent he placed them in a position to prove and maintain their right to it. Nor would this inflict any wrong on the objectors, as they could try the value of the patent in a Court of Law. His Lordship then directed the great seal to issue, with all costs and charges against the objectors. The case extended over three hours. The Ghost and the law have by no means parted OTe£ for beinga good 'draw 'as an entertain ment, Mr. Pepper will have many a contest about it. He will have to fight hard for bis G-host, We hear that the proprietors of the Moonta have submitted the disputed question as to the ownership of the celebrated Moonta Mine to Sir Hugh Cairni for his opinion. It is stated that the sum of £160 has been collected for prizes for the next Port Adelaide annual regatta, whioh ii aftrflrtiwd to take placa on New TwrV P«y. : ?? ;. ? . ...???. 