THE PICKET ON THE POTOMAC. The original of the following verses was found in the pocket of a Confederate Volunteer who died in camp on the Potomac :- ' "1. " ' All quiet along the Potomac' they say', " ' Except now and then a stray picket " ' Is shot, as he walks on his boat to and fro, By a rifleman hid in the thicket.' '"Tis nothing private or two now and then, will not count in the tale of the battle "Not an officer lost only one of the men " Breathing out all alone the death rattle. "2. "All quiet along the Potomac to-night, "Where the soldiers He peacefully dreaming; " Their tents in the my of the clear autumn moon "And the light of the watchfirosgloaming. " A tremulous sigh from the gentle night wind "Through the forest leaves slowly is creeping, " While the stars up above with their glittering eyes, " Keep watch while the army is sleeping. "3. " There's only the sound of the lone sea try's tread, "As he tramps from the rock to the fountain, " And thinks of the two in the low trundle bed " Far away in the hut on the mountain. " His musket falls slack ; his face, dark and grim, " Grows gentle with memories tender, "As the matters prayer for the children asleep, "For their mother, may Heaven defender! "The moon seems to shine as serenely as then, " That night when the love yet unspoken ' ' heaped up to his lips, and when low-murmured vows Were pledged, never more to be broken. "Then, drawing his sleeve roughly over his eyes, "He dashes the tours that are rolling, "And gathers his gun closer up to its place, "As if to keep down the hoart-swolling. "5. " He passes the fountain, the blasted pine tree, " The footstep is Ingoing and weary ; " Yet onward he glides through the broad belt of light " Towards the shade of a forest so dreary, " Hark ! Was it the night wind that rustled the loaves ? "Is't the moonlight so suddenly flashing? "It looked like a rifle,- -'He ! Mary, good night !' " His life-blood is ebbing and dashing, "6. " All quiet along the Potomac to-night, "No sound save the rush of the river; "But the dew falls unseen on the face of the dead, " The pickets off duty for over." ERRATUM-In A notice of an accident which appeared in our issue of Monday, the Rev. Mr. Sheehy is reported to have had his wrist injured, it should have been the Rev. Mr. O'Meagher. A SCIENTIFIC GROSE-The Polytechnic Institution, London, has a great attraction in a real ghost-like rises out of the solid floor, and you may walk right through him, and cut him, in two with a sword. For the right to use the ghost in a new piece the managers one of our theatres has offered £500. The mode of producing the ghost belongs to an ex-civil engineer, named Dicks, who first broached it at a meeting of the British Association in 1863.-Saxmder't Newsletter. ' 