HUNTING. xast 8AimBD*T's ncx mm DIE JH.U.C. Dear Bell, — I hsive only to give yon a ihort yarn this week, (or there was only a short tun ; bat it was » merry one, tboggh, and nctded only to have been double the length to be worth recording »» one of Iho rcd-lcttor days. Tho fixture itu »t the ' llnntf r'a Rest' (albeit there Ml Hunter's Re-t no longer, iaumuch as the pnb. of tb»t whilom nomination hai been barnt down], and a rer; stroDR muster assembled. The morning was & moatlovelycne, and its attractions caured no lees than flvo fair horsewomen to join the scarlet coiUd cavslcide. Seldom, indeed, are bo roan; ' pinks' -eeu oat &s; on Saturday )ast, and the scene was most thoroughly home like. The master rode Jnmbo, the first whip Sydney, and the second a new unnamed nag. TUere wore no less then seventeen well-known ercsi-country horees in the field, amorgst which may be mentioned Guy Fawkes, Young £mer»Id, ?Wandering Jew, Kiidare, Rambler, Long Dig, Konseneo, Wild Harry, White Squall, and Voung Hector. Littlo time ni wasted in passing com. plimento, the ' coffee-housing,' as the cheerful corsr-ride chals ate termed in Leicestershire, being done durtag the pleunnt ride to the kangaroo haunts. In leea than half-an-hour after Mr. Wateon had thrown hu hounds forward, a whimper, a feather, and then a bold challenge, told that game was afoot, and with * cheerful hurst of music, tbe whole pack quickly bit on the trail, and dashod away at a ibuhing pace towards Cheltenham. All their work had the field to do to keep anywhere near the tails of the 'spotted beauties,' and inspiriting wrb it to the cavaliers to see the (1 was juat going to write cton.'y) courageous way the ladiea rode in close company with the best mounted men. For tunttely there was no difficult jumping, brush, fences being tbe principal enclosures, but tbeie were Mvcral rather awkward ditches that brought me of the sterner sex to grief and dirt, although one especially of tbe 'Lady Gays' cleared fences and drains alike in brilliant style. After running merrily for about twenty-five minutes, tho hounds cimo to a sudden check, the nnninz long-tailed 'on having doubled back and nmped into a- little garden to make a plant of himBelf. However, the cheers of the master, in encouraging the pick to 'wind him 1 hoi, wind him !' frightened Mr. Kangaroo, and he leaped b»ck into tho open, this being the first view of the old boomer, and a beautiful sight for tbe ladbi. Very little more than a quarter of an hoar did he last before the screeching pick after tbe Tallyho! had rung over the heatb, for they ran him like mad, and it was as fait as conrsing with greyhounds. He aoon had to gire up bounding, and then to give np the ghost, the frantio canines breaking him up with perfect fury. Two of the fair equestrians wcro at the finish, and before noon the whole party were on tbeir way back to Melbourne. NIMROD'S GHOST. 