P O Jj I C E. "THAT YOUNO MAN ÏBOSI ian ; COÜNTBY."-This popular , and affecting , ballad is tho most appropriate1 title fdr tho last entertainment produced at. tho Central PoIico.Piiviliori for tho delectation of tho public, as,tho boro and victim bf tho " situation" hailed h-om tho rural shades of Louisa Creek, and in tho capacity of carrior to and froni that- delightful distriot, lately , arrived in our .magnificent metropolis,. and entered "eon', ¿moro" into tho rolliied pleasures, and olovated delights of a "jolly good spree." Povey was his name, and Ireland his na- tion, and his faco gavo very stroug ovideuco of con- formity to tho motto " Sino Buccho frigit Vomis," for "tho blossom that blooms in- Australia" wa.i in. full ".Blow" all over his "index animi.",''It. appearsthat tho. 'unsophisticated swain, having '. sotdod . his .gigantic business: matters, determined Ticfbrti 'returning ,to,tho .bosom of his beloved Louisa to visit tho various spots of iutorost with which our highly favoured capital abounds, and no thoroughly did ho aa a that" ho got decidedly "squilfy."^ Having_sto.od;,trans:, a-tctt --n itli^>iilniimtloii"'ot Sir .Richard Bourku's statue,. Thornton's Towoi-,' tho; now' I?osk Office"in ;; Wynyard Square, and the rest of tho architectural " lions,",visited tho National Oallory of Mr Jacobs,' nnd tho Polytcohnio .Institution OfiMr Sponcor, examined the unrivaflbd óol leotibn of Wood'Cuts so' tastefully displayed by Messrs Tolano and Lyster, looked in át tho "Olobo," arid knelt in awe boforojtho imposing fácado Of our office, listened J .to tho Gorman Band, and mado himself intimately ac- quainted ¡with tho internal economy of every establish- ment for.^ tho dispensation of spiritual consolation on .tho rugged; i heights of'Brickfield Hill, ho found, on roaching tho Haymarket, that like Tennyson's Marinna, " ho, was a weary," mid casting his eyes round in- search of "good*accommodation for man and beast," found an equivalent in tho simpo of " a sweet young thing of six- teen yours. old," named ? Norah Costello, arroyud in a crinoline,: and (almost) prwierea nihil. Love, "tho soul of a nate Irishmen," entered the Poveyan breast as ho gazed on tho " houri," who completed tho conquest by soliciting:some " baccy" of our hero. Placing his American.twist at her unlimited disposal, and then, in- toxicated by tho double oifeot of hor charms, and brandy ad. lib', ho plod', his .ardent passion so forcibly that his tliyinity, " blushing liko a Cowper," entered into a tem- porary matrimonial alliance,- und away they went to Norah's Yilla in Baokslumland, and ratified tho contract in ti bottlo of rum at tho expenso of tho enraptured John, who had a nico littlä pilo of notes, which, with commendable ingenuity, ho had planted in a somewhat, unique treasury formed by tho tail of his Eureka. But, as ho magnanimously observed to their Worships, ho " was so struck of a heap" that he didn't mind how much ho spent on tho object of his afl'eotions ; so transferring his filthy lucro to the pocket of his inex- pressibles, ho sallied forth with " Norah tho pride of the Haymarket," anil entering a fashionable linen drapery emporium, incontinently invostod a largo portion ot his capital in "gorgeous nrray," which being immediately donned by Ilia charmer, must havo given hoe a peculiar dona liko appcarauco whon contrasted with tho rest of lier habiliments, and tho unwnshod, unkempt, and gene- ral un coming fo aspect of her admirer, and in fact tho two togothor must havo borno a remarkable resemblance to that ologant and fashionably attired couple known as tho "Perfect Curos," Returned to tho "llowor of Bli-s," they again indulged with all the ardour of their you'li lui natures in tho "feast of roason and tho (low of min," till loving John got into tho peculiar 6tnto of being on his own " ipso (or rather tipsy) dixit," sobor onough to know what he was about, and yet unable to swear that ho could seo a houso or anything ciao' that stood in his way, or to recollect anything that occurred oxcopt tho f^j/i'uiodiiiary fuct. of haring paid ton shil- lings for an egg, proving that the cock and hen trodo in the district must be in n very flourishing condition. The drowsy god began to exert his depressive influence upon the Poveyan " peepers," and an adjournment to tho nuptial chamber was tho result, where transferring on indispensable though inoxprosfliblo garment from his understanding to his head for a pillow, ho turnod in, the fair Norah mounting guard over him as ho slumbered. Aftor about " forty winks" tho Tit'un, woko up like a giant refreshed, and discovered to his grout chagrin that his fair enslaver lind "gone from his gaze liko a beautiful dream," and this troubled him much, but on examining his "treasury" he was inexpressibly shocked lo find that i!9 in notes had also " gonu from his gaze liko another beautiful dream," and this troubled him much more. To jump up, put on his " billy cock," toko his moleskin pegtops under his arm, and sturt in hot pursuit of the rifler ofhis affections and his tin, wns tho work of a P'omont, and ador being taken for the Ghost of Julius Cowar or Rob Roy, ho succeeded in " running down" his perfidious " Traviata," and con- signing her to tho cara of a distinguished membor of thc Guards (Blue) to fulfil a Btorring ongagemenfat the Central Pavilion Theatre. That " Chovnlier, sans pcur and san* reproche," Mr Greer, ontcrod tho lists os cham- pion for the fair victim of unmerited persecution, and so flushed mid worried and harried " John" that John had not got a chanco, and in fact was "knocked into amish," apparently perjuring himself in tho most playful and reckless manner. Tho P.M. sngoly inferring that a gentleman who had been passing " 15 hours with spirits and water" was likely to ho, to a certain extout non compos nt tho end of tho performance, nnd consequently not " Smart" enough to BOO his way clearly through hi.« financial diflloultiirs, dismissed Norah, who roturuod to hor " villa" rejoicing, leaving " John" to return to Ki« " Louisa"-a wisor, it is to bo hoped, although u poorer, man. Since writing the aboro wo regret to stato thnt tho fair Norah, «lated doubtless by her groat sucées on tho oc- casion, mailo n second appearance in conjunction with three other feinalo " gems ol'purest ray serene" in a now sousatinn drama entitled "The Moll row, or a Qnnd ruplo Alliance," a principal incident of which wis tho spirited onslaught tundo by tho nfornsoid quartette to tho detriment of a Indy endowed with n very limited amount of personal charms and very extensive powors of spirituous absorption, mimed Margaret Marsden, whoso evidence on the preceding interests of Koral), and who bore on her countenance tho marks of tho fracas written in n very bold hand. After on impressive recitation of Dr Watt's groat moral opie, " Let dogs delight, ito," tho grave nod reverend dispenser of thu " law" presented Norah and bor juvenilo companions with a ticket of admission to a six months sojourn nt thc dclighful floating retreat expressly flttod np for the accommodation of those "uow'rets. of tho rural shade," who havo a weakness for taking thu law into their own hunda. . 