M MiBOUKflE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday. Hhis afternoon Mr. 'Wilson, of the Wimmera dis- is to attend in his place in the Assembly, and and answer the charge of attempting to bribe KJohn Sinclair, member for North Melbonrne. Bvcry generally expected that the question be- he House will " end in smoke f but should BjU'Lellan afterwards be allowed to bring for- Khis charges against ten or a dozen members be implicated to a greater or less extent in mdkns similar to those openly preferred against ! flftlBon, then I cannot conceive anything hut a Hbemg the result. Personalities must be in- Huinfredy on all odes, and bow the matter Kid will depend entirely upon how tor Mr BHan is allowed to proceed. In any case; the Hfee, and the charges which are to give rise to it, disgraceful news to send by tbe mail to Knd, and will do as no good there. His very generally expected that Mr. U«»W and Bill will be defeated. It is not warmly Kirtcd in any quarter, and has a very strong Huent in Mr. 0Shanassy. It cannot be alto. suitable either to certain members of the Kict, and especially to Mr IfCulloch, the Chief Btary. Not long before the defeat of the O'Shan- Sdunstry, a meeting was held (by invitation), ach all the members who sat on the then Min- side wore present, Mr. HHlaUociL amongst The Land Rill Ammdmente was the the moating Mr. Duffy was very naturally Ktoretaiii Ins BillasxtiB, wittomyp«btmig bo as to .meet.qhe casm «t vrivaatau ; pere so prevalent. Same who attended were Honing to (he old auction system at once. was agreeable to this change pro- reasonable notice could be given, so that Bige might be known in Europe some time came into actual operation. In this modc- of the case he was defeated, thp pry being HK' immediate return to the auction system. Bient in the advocacy of this sudden change James M"Cnlloch, present Chief Secre- Hpd supporter of Mr. Hemes' new measure. I of course, say that Mr. M 'Cnlloch has his views, but he is content to restrain his Hp farwe kmd of action for the sake of ee- gthe trial of one entirely contrary to his views. Snety difficult to know where consistency ends Bhomasteney begins. Klitics have, however, nearly given way for the in favour of the ghost and the Mayor's ball bpectral illuBon has now been seen Iw nearly Bpne here, and can be made to walk toe stage Baa naturally as the dost of Hamlet's father Hjjterto done. The illusion is certainly very: ms, and when toe managers have arrived at perfection in its management; I think no- Hkcould be more wonderful, in its way, for stage mses. This bring the age of sensations, perhaps has been reached in this discovery. But" that such an effect can be produced by reflec- . Hboweasyit is to account for many of those mry effects which have confounded our tone- Qie Mayor's hall, I presume there never has HnrtoiRS attempted tore so grand up (his is to do. The invitations numbering over more than probable that at least 1000 or Hbpje will attend the balL The tailors and p Melbonmeareeo crowded wrth orders pB are refusing work. A few ppoplo are extravagantly to weak, and aa no -dress fasteento centmy will be allowed adnussion, effect will be wonderful in the extreme. Kgiof toe sncoess of a'very simple costnme H»tody at the great toncy-dress ball of toe Mratoe French, in top character of Cynthia, I fear a goodly number of our ladies will try to pro duce toe same effect by toe same means. The cos tumes generally ore, however, varied enough. In the men, we have every shade of character from Zamiel to Oliver Cromwell, and from the Wandering Jew to Christopher Columbus. A number of people would, prefer to sec the ball held in the Theatre Royal, but I believe it is fixed to take place in the Exhibition Building. The contest for the Eastern Province is likely to be rather toughly carried on. Mr. Bronkhorst has not put in an appearance, but the vacancy is con tested by Messrs. J. D. l'innock, Hanna, and Craig. Mr. Hanna was for many years the ferryman at Cole's Wharf, and having made money by following bis profession built a bridge at Seymour (I believe), where he possesses a monopoly of the tolls. His property qualification being in excess of what is required for the Upper House, he has, I presume, been a successful man, — that is all about him. Mr. Craig is a wholesale ironmonger, in Bourke-strect, but there is something doubtful about the lalityof Itia nomination. 