Municipal Electous. — The following plan for voting according to the amount of interest in municipal taxation has been sub - routed to the Executive ns an amendment to the Municipalities Bill: — ' Electors of every municipality or rural district, and of every ward of any such municipality, when divided iuto wards, to vote at all elections by ballot (after the first) for such munici pality, rural district, or ward, according to the amount of their interest therein, as. ratepayers, in the following manner: 1. Those owning or holding properly assessed at a less annual value thnn £10 to have one vote: 2. Those owning or holding property assessed at an uunual value of £10 and upwards, but less than £20, to have two votes. 3. Owners or holders of pro perty of an assessed annual value of £iiO and upwards, but less than £30, three votes. 4. 0wnei'3 or holders of property assessed at an annual value of £30 to £4-0, four votes. 5. Owners or holders of nro perty assessed at an annual value of £40 to £60, five votes. 6. Owners or holders of property assessed at an annual value of £60 to £100, six votes. 7. Owners or holders of property assessed at an annual value of £100 to £200, seven votes. 8. Owners or holders of property assessed at an annual value of £200 10 £500,eight votes. 9. Own ers or holders of property assessed itt £500 per annum and npwnrds, nine votos. The F.lecUirnf roll, to be made up irom the rates book of the municipality or rural dis trict, and the nerson actuullv navin&r; the rates, only, lo vote. Each voter, after making and subscribing his declaration, to receive us many ballot papers as he is en titled to record voles. To prepare each ballot paper in the mode already directed in the Act. Also to fold them eepnrately; and to place them separately in the bullot box in the manner therein directed.'' Stanley Park Coal Mine. — This addi- tion to our resources will be opened in about a month. It is situated at Stanley Park, about ten miles south of Port Aitken. The company consists of Mr. Mitchell, the lessee of the land on which the mine is situated, Mr. Brown, of Newcastle, Mr Furlong, and other gentlemen. Two "drafts," as miners term them, have been driven into the mine, one of which is 59 yards, and the other about 11 yards in length. The seam is about 6 feet 6 inches in depth, and contains coal of excellent quality. The company will possess great facilities for the shipment of coals, the mine being so close to the sea that the coals may almost be shipped from the mouth of it. No tramway, save that running into the mine, will be required ; and hence, there will be a large saving in the prime cost of the coals. The harbour admits of the entrance of large ships, there being 86 feet of water close to the rock, at low tide. The harbour, is merely a bight, open to the north-east, east, and south east winds, but protected in other respects. To render it safe, the company intend to have a dock excavated of 200 feet square, sufficient to allow vessels of large tonnage to enter, and so constructed as to afford protection during the fiercest storms. The cost of the works, including the dock, is not to exceed £1000. The company are sanguine in the belief that, on account of their great facilities for shipment, and the excellent quality of their coal, they will be able to realise a large profit, as well as hold the check strings of the coal trade. If the information we have re- ceived respecting this mine be correct, and the company's facilities for the shipment of coal correspond to the accounts we have heard of them, we have ne doubt that Stanley Park mine will prove a formidable rival to all the coal companies of Illawarra, as well as to those of the Hunter District. The coals have yet to be tried, and the facilities for the shipment of them tested before any decisive opinion can be formed respecting them. It is needless to say that, we hope the New Company, in common with all the other coal companies of our dis- trict, may prove successful. The new mine is so close te Sydney that a comparatively small outlay would suffice to lay down a tramway to Botany, or, if necessary, to the metropolis. In fact persons can walk from the mine, into Sydney in the course of a day.— Illawarra Ex- press. Chinese Notions of FoTinuTY.—On Tucsdny last, during tho trial ofPeangJera and Lum Yee, for robbing Ark Sing, a Chinooe witness named Ah Toon, upon being interrogated by Judge Oallaghan, as to what would beoorae of him after deiilh if he was to lead u bad wicked life, said that if he was a good man while alive, ho would, when dead, be a good ghost, If a very bad man, he might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinese witness (the proseoutor), stated in reply to hia Honor, that he prayed to a wooden god he had in a joss-house in China, nnd if ho told a lie his god would oauso him to bo struck by light ning, or to fall from his horse, or some other such calamity might, befall him, — ^rirfffllinrtlfjiyWi'ifliMiMirfsMitmiiinTmniiifinimmnTiTi The Orangr Cditeii Minks. — At Cadiangullong, which some time ago looked very discouraging, mining matters have of late shown u steady and encouraging im provement. There are now about 130 per sons employed either at the mines or in connection with them. The old workings have beon abandoned, if we except the open cutting where some very good ore is being had. On the other side of the creek eight new shafts are being put down, and in three of them lodes have been struck. In one, on Wednesday Inst, a lode of black ore was struck at twelve fathoms, and some malleable copper obtained. In the other l\Tl/ DLIU1LO 111 TTUII/IJ IUUCD UUVly UCCU DLIIlUlt the prospects are good, awl the lodes well defined. Tbe persons employed on the works speak favourably of the future of the mines, and the news is hailed with satis faction in Orange. The company are carrying on the works at the Oanoblas mine with rigour, but of late the ores ob tained have been of low per centage. Ex pectation is entirely directed to the new workings on the opposite side of the creek, and there is reason to believe it is well founded. The recent discovery of black ore is viewed by the miners with much satistaction, considering it as tney do an earnest of good results. The store which was formerly carried on by Mr. S. A. Clarke is about to be re-opened as a branch of Dalton Brother's firm, under Mr. Clarke's management. We regret to learn that Dr. Btootf is about to leave Cadian gulling, and return to Adelaide. The want of postal communication wiili the mines is much felt. There is some talk of re opening the Ophir Copper Mines, which, in consequence of the high price of labour shortly after the gold discovery, were abandoned. Tins, together with Mr. Lane's rnioe at Cornish Settlement, if opened, would prove of great service iii developing the mineral resources of the district. They would form an outlet for surplus digging labour which now might be had at u mo derate rate. A constant, stream of the right kind of labour might also be relied upon. Our wealth in oopper, as in gold, yet , remains to be proved. Some in telligent miners from the Lachlan consider that Orange is the centre of one of the l'icnest goia regions m Australia; our wealth in minerals is known by old resi dents to be great, but the district lacks capital to develop its mineral resources. About 88 tons of oopper have been smelted at Cadiangullong ; and there is now ore enough raised to turn in 20 tons more. — Western Examiner. The Attorney-General. — The Sydney Correspondent of the Goulburn Chronicle writes to that journal as follows : — I hear the Attorney-General has declined the ap pointment of fourth judge offered him by Mr. Cuwper. I am rather surprised at this, for the office is worth £l-i000 a year, and I have no doubt Mr. Hargraves would satisfy public requirement as a judge. As Attor. ney- Generul, much as been suidngainst him though for myself I am satisfied he is a man who will conscientiously do his duty. He is slow of nature, taciturn, reflective — rather a chamber lawyer than a man fitted for a large practice. Asa constitutional lawyer he stands confessedly high, and to my think ing, the choice of him by the University as a lecturer on jurisprudence is a compliment to his abilities, of which ho may well be proud. Mr. Hargraves has been thoroughly educated in law, and, having watched him through a whole session in conflict, with SUWI UICU US kjll »» . XVLUUllIllfj, 1U1, i. lUUUGIA, and Mr. Holden, I otn disposed to, think very highly of him. I. believe he would be acceptable as a colleague'of the other judges, for he is a. man who commands respect by virtue of his acquirements and his character. It may be that he aspires to the Chief Jus ticeship, for which he would bc eligible as Attorney-General, supposing that Sir Alfred Stephens were to retire. And this, perhaps, is the reason why he declines the appoint ment offered him. I understand the two (Jivcuit Uourts will be held at Armidale and Albury. The reversion of the offer will fall upon Sir William Manning, and he declin ing, upon, Mr. Darvall, and sa it is not very likely Mr. Darvall will leave the bar, it is' not improbable that Mr. Fawcett may be asked to assume the ermine of justice. Conversion of tae Aborigines. — A few days ago nn aboriginal named Major was buried at Catnden. Deceased, who was only twenty-nine years of age, had learned to read and write, and worked like a white man. He not only bore a very good char ucter, but a few months before his death wa3 formally received into tho Catholic churoh, became a regular communicant, and was really remarkable for his piety. It is stated that nearly all the remaining mem bers of . the Burrangong tribes are now Catholics. — Goulburn Herald. June 20. Intercoloniai. Rowing Match. — A meeting of the Intercolonial Rowing Match Committee was to have been held ou Tues day afternoon, but a quorum not being present, the raveling was postponed. In answer to, the invitation ot the committee, eighteen amateur oarsmen have sent their names to the soorotary as candidates for the honour of , representing New South Wules in the next aquatio contest, to come oil' at I 'Melbourne, It is not intended to select .the crew until about a month beforo the time, when it will bo necessary for the rowers ,to leave Sydney, and in tho interim arrange ments will be made for u series of trial races among the competitors. Although Novein bor has been named, no specific date has I boon definitoly appointed fur the pulling of tho raoo. It is thought by some that it would be desirable to defer tlio event until February — the time whon the intsroolonial cricket matoh is usually played — and had the committee mot a proposition to .tha,t effect pno would probably have been Bub Iraittod.— Empire;' ?? iLillL^IIIMINIlJiillHBlllilUll^ilJ? ''^??iSll JlSiAtt Ml Dead Boi-v Found in the Bush. — The dead body of a Chinaman, who was mentioned some time ago as missing, wits found by one of the Barney Downs stock men, on Tuesday evening. Information was at once given to'Btib inspector Ueares, who, with penior-conp.tuble Herbet, went to the spot yesterday morning. The body wns lying on the banks of the Barney Downs Creek, and presented a frightful spectacle, ulmost the whole of one leg having been eaten away from the bones- — Tenterjteld Chronicle, July 10. Winter at O'Connell.— We lia*e lately bud a good deal of snow. Lust Tuesday, the 7th instant, it commenced, and on Wednesday morning the ground was covered to the depth of several inches. On the road between this place and the Fryingpan, it was it- some parts from a foot to a foot and a half in depth. The weather conse quently, was very cold,'nnd the thermometer not ranging above 40 degrees until the afternoon of that day, when a thaw com-, meuccd. The mountains around us. are nt present white wiih snow.— Correspondent of the llaikur&t; Free Press. ... , ..,,. The Case of Mahomet Oassim.— -Th& .Colonial Secretary on Tuesday night !ast,luid UIJUll tlJU LUUIU ('ft lltu HOOGIIJt/JJ', LIJU pillJCia . moved for in the case of Mahomet Cassim, lately executed under a conviction for mur der. The documents are somewhat volumi nous, and there are two reports from Mr.; Justice Wise, who presided at the trial. The final conclusion arrived at by his Honor, appears to have been, that there wns no room for reasonable doubt of the guilt of Cassim and Abdalla, nnd that the evidence was not consistent with any other belief;' His Honor, however, says, that possibly it' might be sufficient to suffer the extreme penalty of the law to take effect upon Cas-: aim only, who, in his opinion, perpetrated the murder with hisown hands; nnd that, : from all that bad appeared, Abdalla seemed ? to have been a slave to the will of Cussim. — . Empire. ' . ,; Fatal Accident in Kino-street. — A fatal accident occurred at ihe corner of Kiug and George streets, shortly after ninejo'clook on Monday morning. A labourer numed ' George Thorasou, residing in a lane to the rear of Mr. Shadler's baking establishment in Hunter-street, was engaged in removing a portion of the old wall on the premises of Mussrs. Ashdown and Co., when he fell from a height of about twelve feet on his head. He was immediately taken up and conveyed to the Infirmary, where it was as certained by Dr. Matlian that his skull was. fractured. The unfortunate man continued insensible until lie died, about half-past six. o'cliick in the afternoon. , He. leaves' a wife and two children.— -Empire. '.'' Found Drowned. — About .half-past nine o'clock. on Monday morning, the dead body of a. seaman, named Peter Wilson,,;: tiged about 36 years, was found, by a man named Con way, residing in Windmill-street, floating off Campbell's Wharf, Sydney Cove. The seaman was a Swede by birth, and belonged to the American ship Templar, lying at Town's Wharf. The body was re moved, to the dead house at tlio Circular Quay, and an inquest tipon it will be held this morning, before the City Coroner, at tlie Observer Tavern, Gnprge-street, Npith. 