MUSIO AND THE DB AM A. . H On the. ßth instant WOB the oloslng performinee of tbe opera seaeoD, «ben Mr. W. 3. Lyster, the enterpris- ing lesBee anddlreetcr, took bis benefit ; the boase on tbe oooBBlon «ss oraaded «iib the rank onJ fashion of tbe' metropolis. Wa aro happy to kuow, from Mr. Xyster's sddresB, «ben be «as oallcd before tbe aartain, tbat not- withstanding] the immtnBB expense bo wont to in his desire to pleoe the varions operas on the stogs in n style cquol to the London and continental theatreB, that the season has y roved very laorative to bim. 'He bas now opened tho opera honae witb a powerful dramyio com- pany, and h»B beoo fortunate to secare the services ol tba eelebrated Amerioan noraedien, Mr. Jo-apb J fferson, wbo appeared fat the first tims on Mends- nigbr, snd was raptaroui'y received. Toe rest of the oom pan j inelade io tbe I ist the celebrated actors Mr. Fred, Tounge, and Mr. G. H. Bogers, and tbs élever aotress. Miss A. M. Q linn, who baa been " starring" it recently rbrongbont tne colonies. We bave no doabt that Mr. Lyate aa be baa been ia tbe production of grand will be aa well anpported in bis dramatio oom. peny oper«. At the Victoria Theatre the bill of Ibe month bas been remarkable for the prodnetion of " The Castle Speotre,' and ether pieoea for the representation (by Mr, Pitt) of Professor Pepper's " Ghost" invention, wbiob hss been extraordinary saesessfal in its eSoots, and consequently very at raotlve tn the pnbllo. Amongst the other nrodactt'ona of the month bave beena version of " Antara Floyd," (arranged expressly for thisjhonse) ; an original bi B tor io il drama, " Raymond, Lord of Vilar," by Mr. 1?.Reeve, a resident literal tur; and the tragedy ol " Maobeth," remarkable for the introdnetion of the " gboat Illusion" in the banquet soene, and tbe re-appear anos of tbe favourite contralto vocalist, Madama Sara Flower, in the part of Hecate. Various novelties «re promised. Moah cf the suooess of the performances may be attributed to tbe ftxoellent acting of Mrs. CharleB Poole: Various novelties are promised. " Birch's Holiday Trip,* at tba Schorl of ArtBis a very elegant little entertainment of dioramie paintings, mnsio, anecdotes, and other trifles, and Is attracting muon at- tention. Conoerts, exhibitions, and other entertainments are amnonnoed in any quantl'y. Tbe Christy's Minstrels, so admired Isst season, are playing with great añaceas in Dunedin, Mew Zaalind, and are expected here at Christen av. . 