\- CLEARING RIVERS. Victorian enterprise, in one direction at least, is hindered by snags. There is a fine country beyond our northern border, and somo vervresnectable rivers traverse it, but the navigation of these streams is grievously interrupted by divers trunks of deceased gum trees, which, having fulfilled their alloted mission in the world during some years of a sluggish kind of existence common to the whole gum tree family, and having been neither ornamental nor useful during the whole of that time, at last gave up the ghost, and buried themselves in the waters, on whose bosom they had often beheld the inelegant reflections of their un gainly ramifications. Unlike many other dead things, which being defunct lose their power to do evil, they have, however, become more seriously objec tionable as rotten timber, than ever they were as exceedingly unhandsome trees. For they have interred them selves in the most ridiculously incon venient manner, and they have pro jected their sharp angles upwards to tho serious risk of any specimen of naval architecture which might have the temerity to come in contact with thorn. And thus those important tribu taries of the Murray, to wit the Mur- rumbidgee, the Lachlan, tho Darling, tho Billabong, the Edwards, and some others with names eupho nious or not as the case may he are uncertain in that excellent quality known as " cleared." , They abound in boat-traps. Their cm-rents; are very treacherous, and though- ;tliey may look in many places exceedingly well-meaning, and not in the lonst dis posed to do any harm to the most flat- bottomed craft that ever steamed, they are as untrustworthy as anything which may happen to illustrate forcibly this very undesirable attribute. Originally tliey were, no doubt, very navigable rivers. If we had happened to colonize this continent in a past age very remote from this present, perhaps we could have ' put steamers of considerable draught upon them without the least apprehension of damage. As it is, however, we have no alternative hut to take them as they are, and if wo should find them in other respects usable, we may pluck out the snags forthwith, and launch the steamers. So that two thou sand pounds is not a large sum to spend in acquiring this information of their usableness, considering what a vast amount of good may accrue in consequence. But practical legislation is not to the minds of some Victorian legislators. If there is no point in a motion whereon some captious objection can he fixed, it is a very dis tasteful ' subject to the mind of" him whose political palate- enjoys nothing which is not highly seasoned with bickering and contentiousness. Mr. Loader may he ' a well meaning man, and ho may seriously desire to push Victorian merchandise into the trans- Murray districts. He may he eager to have some certain assurance anent the probable extent of snags in the rivers which water the southern regions of New South Wales. But the subject, though eminently practical and singu larly suggestive of important results in connexion with the future of this colony is not a bohe'to fight over. Tho utility of the proposal is too self-evident. It includes nothing that a man may con tradict, or of, which he may disapprove. It is sensible and husiness-liko, and by consequence exceedingly dull. Nobody wants to discuss ' a thing concerning which there need not he a discussion, unless it is intended to consider it as offensive because it gives nobody the opportunity of opposing it. For what is the use of a deliberative body if every member is of the same mind ? What other fate than a count out or an adjournment can he anticipated by a man who, in cool blood, puts upon the paper . a motion so intensely reasonable, that the very superlativeness of eantankerousness, can find nothing in it deserving of being denounced '! The occupation of objec tors is gone, if the function of members of Parliament, when considering a mea sure is to be limited to simple acqui escence. The Queen can say la rcine le vent. Is a legislator, and especially a legislator of Victoria, to say no more? It is no wonder therefore that the House adjourned at five minutes to 9 o'clock. If practical-minded members will insist upon submitting motions like that of Mi\ Loader's to the House, tlierp will he- an adjournment sine die. Or the whole democratic section will perhaps insist upon going to sleep, and instead of there being one recumbent legislator on the back benches, there will he a couple of dozen in various attitudes of attractive picturesqucness. And in truth, on second thought, such a con summation is devoutly to he wished, and if the opposition would hut snore away in dreamy forgetfulness the time tliey sp often spend in unprofitable wrangling, the country would he very grateful to them, especially that part of the country bordering on tho Murray, And if they would sleep long enough, they might, on returning to consciousness, find the Darling and the other tributaries covered with a fleet of handsome steamers. The hanks might he found ornamented with hundreds of jetties, piers, wharves, and landing places, and several new towns might liave been founded coincidently with the other improvements. So that your sleepy legislator, if only consistent in his som- .nolent liahits, . might benefit the country infinitely more by shutting his eyes and composing his limbs, than by exhausting himself night after night, in hoarsely declaring that the colony is ruined, the people deceived, and the Government in the hands of horrible traitors. If Mr. Loader could manage to mesmerise or chloroform these gentle men on the night to which he may have postponed tho consideration of his motion, we may hope that the snags of the Murrumbidgee are doomed. It is a thousand pities that the legislative snags are not, in like manner remove- able. The parliamentary current is interrupted precisely as the Murray tributaries are spoiled. There is no getting the Government boat to pass smoothly along for these obstructions. Like the snags actual, the snags political are entirely useless, and it is only the accident of their position which makes them mis chievous. They might sink a very handsome craft, hut having sunk it, they could not rise to the surface and take its place. They are snags and nothing else, hut unfortunately they cannot he got rid of like those which line the beds of the rivers in the Mur ray country. If any survey of them could result in a plan for their, clearance, not two thousand but twenty thousand pounds would he money well spent for the purpose. If Mr. Loader, or any other man, could manage while bring ing about the improvement of inland navigation, to achieve the more impor tant task of freeing the stream of our law-making institutions from its im pediments, he would be a great man, to whom both the present and future generations would owe a debt of real gratitude.- -Dvaning Jfems, 9th March. 