Bbioandagein Naples. — Thecorrespondent of The Times at Naples gives a horrible picture of tho brigandago tliero prevailing. In the Basilicata alono tliero aro eight, brigand chiefs, oacli with a band, who carry olf the rich, violate women, seizo children for ransom, and sometimes devastate whole districts. Thcy aro assisted by the Camoristi, who are leaving tho cities, and a few of tho peasantry, and aro most of them mounted. Thcy seldom resist the troops, but melt away to reassemble at night in additional numbars. On tho 19th ult. several carriages left Oatnpobasso ; tliero wcro in them several shopkeepers, a lieutenant of tiio National ' Guards, an ' officer in tho ; regular army, . a bride . and bride groom, with tho -mother of the bride and a sorvant. On arriving at tlio bridgo over tlio Tamaso, near tho Tiverna di Sepino, all is changed. Tliey are mot by a band of mounted brigands, thirty or foriy in number, who order tliem to get out. Urged on by tbo desperation of yet early love, the young man makes resistance, and is laid lifeless on tbo ground. In the agony of her misery, tlio bride bursts into invectives egainst the ruffians, and she too falls lifeless on the body of her spouse. By order of tho band the bodies are .despoiled of their bridal ornaments by the old servant, and the brutes make off, carrying with them the rest of tho party and twelvo lioracs. A fow moments only sufficed to convert a paradise into a hell, and to complete another of thoso dreadful pictures which history will hang in her gallery to tho eternal shame and reproach of thoso under whoso sanction such deeds aro dono. It is not long sinco twelvo girls were cariid off from Itoton- dclla into tho wood, and because they would not submit to the brutal passions of the band, woro all murdered, one being literally hacked in pieces. In anothor. place, .after a brigand had been shot, his confederates a few days after BOt fire to a tract of country several miles in circuit. Their parents are walking outside a city in the samo province with two oliildren, whon ono i9 sudd only Beizcd, and a ransom of 12,000 ducat9 demanded and received. Tho smaller proprietors, it would seem, 'in tlieir timidity, pay thoso ruffians a black mail, and hunting tliem with soldiery is almost useless, while they can retreat at will into tha Roman States, there to be furnished with fund?, and urged on to new enterprises. UNJUSTIFIABLE PIGGICIDE. — Poisoning dogs and cats is a very common occurrence in our neighbourhood, and sooth to say the attack of these quadrupeds on one's larder justify to some extent the war of reprisal that is carried on ; but the extending it to piggeries is another matter entirely. We can see no justification for the following senseless and wicked destruction of property belonging to Madame Niehoff, of the City of London Hotel: — On Friday morning, Madsmo Nie- hoff looked into the piggery behind her premises, and found one fine pig dead, and another vomiting a quantity of putrid looking matter. A person connected with the hotel administered a dose of physic to the sick pig, but without avail, as he also yielded up the ghost a few minutes afterwards. Subsequent events proved that both pigs had died from the effects of poison, but how or by whom administered the police cannot at present ascertain. As the pigs were always kept within the piggery, they could not have annoyed any person, except perhaps in an olfactory sense, neither could they have eaten of anything containing poison had it not been thrown into the piggery by some malicious vagabond. The two pigs were valued at L10, the loss of which is by no means small to the person concerned. — Talbot Leader , 6th Jan. Grenville Advocate, 6th Jan. A Gentleman ibom Boston chanced to find himself among a littlo patty of ladies, aivay down oast this summer, in tho enjoy, mont of somo innocent social play. Ho care lessly placed his arm about the slende waist of as pretty a damsel as Maino can boaBt of, when she Btarted, and exclaimed — " Bogono, sir, don't insult me." Tlio gentleman instantly apologised for liis seeming rulenees, and assured tho half-offended fair ono that ho did not mean to insult her. "No?" sho replied, archly ; " well, if you didn't, you may- do it ogsin." Oitb Gold Escort Returns. — Tlio amount qf gold sont down to town from Bendieo through tho Treosurv during tlio year 18G2 amounts to 231,514 ounces, giving a weekly average of 4368 ounece. Tho weekly averages of the four preceding years has been as follows : — 18GI, 5739 ounces- ; I860, 6665 ounces ; 1859, 77G7 ounceB ; 1853, 8609 ounces. - —Eendiao Advertiser, 7th January. Singular Circumstance. — "We learn that an Italian, name unknown, who has been lying ill for some time in tho locality of tha Oape Clear Hotel, got nway from liis friends during yesterday, and in a state of frmzy took to tho bush, where, having divested himself of his clothes, ho had thrown himself down a sixty feet hole. He was got up, and is appa- rently not niucii iujurodiiMto Advertiser f 7th January. 