WKsrnuRY. fFHOM A COIlKESPONPEST.l Last Sunday was an unusually interest ing one for the Catholic Community of this District, upon the occasion of the Sacrament of Continuation being admin istered to one hundred and fifteen children aud adults of both sexes, by their truly Reverend and kind-hearted Bishop — the Right Rev. Dr. Willson. The cereiuouy was a most imposing one, and witnessed by certainly not less than about 1100 or 1200 persons, amongst whom were uot a few representatives of other denominations. The persons to be confirmed had assembled from the three Districts of Longford, Deloraiiio, and Wcstbury, and were prepared by a length ened course of instruction, under the careful supervision of our excellent and highly respected Catholic Pastor, tho Eev. Mr. Hugou. Shortly after 10 o'clock the females to be confirmed assembled at Mrs. Allen's schoolroom to the number of about seventy, and walked in procession thence to tbe Catholic Clmrcli. They were all dressed in pup white, and with their long white veils covering the head and hanging loosely around their persons, they certainly presented a most pleasing picture to the eye as they slowly wended their way to the Church, where seats were prepared for them in front of the congre gation. Mass having been celebrated by the Rev. Mr. Hogau, the Bishop pro nounced bis solemn benediction, and ad dressed his hearers in a most impressive extempore sermon, taking for his text the 14th and lfith verses of the eighth chapter of tbe acts of the Apostles, viz : — ' Now when the Apostles, who were iu Jerusalem hod heard that Samaria had received tbe word of God, they sent to them Peter aud John, who when they were come, prayed for them, that they mifiht receive the Holy Ghost.' Tho text was most feelingly explained and enlarged upon by the Bight Eevd. Bishop, and the address told visibly upon the Congregation, for who could listen to the earnest and feeling words of that good man without emotion % Who could listen to bis affecting appeal to the better nature ofhishearers,eamug upon them to be cheerful one with another, and to do as they would be done by, without feel ingdocplytheforce of his words or failing to recognize the fountain of beuevolence and love, from which those sentiments emanated 1 His Lordship's address to the children to be confirmed was peculiarly affecting ; kind, simple, and affectionate. His words were clearly iutelligiblo to the youngest amongst them. Confirmation having been administered to the one hundred and fifteen persons, the females walked back in the same1 order to the school room, from which place they afterwards dispersed to then respective homes. The ceremony lasted until close upon 2 p.m., when the immense congregation dispersed highly edified by the feeling address they had so atten tively listened to, and tbe imposing ceremony they had witnessed. His Lordship left here on Monday for Hobartou, bearing with him the kindest wishes aud most heartfelt prayers, of tho Westbury portion of his flock, and never were kind wishes or heartfelt prayers j uioro justly deserved. 