PARRAMATTA. [FROM own counBsroNnHNT.I CENTRAL CUMBERLAND ELECTION. PUBLIC MEETING. A PUBLic meeting of the electors took place, according to announcement, at the Court-house, on Saturday evening, for the purpose of heating from Mr. Allan Macpherson an exposition of his political opinions as a candidate for election. The meeting was numerously attended. Amongst those present were Mr. W. Forster, M.L.A. ; Mr. Eagar, M.L.A. ; Messrs. J. Pye, G. Oakes, and others who usually take a warm interest in political matters. Mr. E. Mason was called to the chair, and introduced the candidate to the meeting, who was received with cheers. Mr. MACPHERSON, upon rising, expressed the plea sure he felt in appearing for the second time before them as a candidate for Central Cumberland. Though extensively acquainted with the country, and conversant with its varied interests, he had appeared before them on the occasion of HU winner candle ature, under peculiar and somewhat disadvantageous cirourn stnnees- citcumstnnces which, to some extent, were mitigated upon the present occasion. Then, two leading topics engaged the public attention in which he had the misfortune avowedly to be upon the un- popular side. He had, too, been long absent from the electorate, and was almost unknown to them, while the other two candidates' were well known; and to some extent tried men. He did not labour under these difficulties now ; but it was said of him that he was a dangerous man to the present Ministry. He scarcely knew what this meant, or what was a dangerous man, unless it was he who refused to bind his whole soul to that Ministry-to come and go at their call-to pronounce as right every one of their acts to convert himself, in fact, into a sort of railway parcel, to be left till called for. It was his desire to occupy the position of an honest and an independent member and to act with strict reference not to the men but the measures they brought forward. But he would not attempt to disguise that he was hostile to very many of the measures this Ministry had carried out, and to others which, if reports were true, they intended to carry out. There was another thing to consider in the present election on the last occasion they had before them two candidates who were known men who had been long in the district-who had large stakes in it. and who were independent of pecuniary temptations. The other candidate at this election was then a man of large capital, and had, large claims upon the electorate ; he did not wish to say anything harsh, or what might be thought personal, but he must say that Mr. Atkinson's present position was not the same as upon the former occasion. But there was a greater objection than this, one independent of position, or wealth, and of everything else except the voluntary will of the member, and it was this-that Mr. Atkinson had ac cepted the honour of a representative position without accepting the duties. He was prepared to come to figures to prove this. If they looked to the records of the Assembly they would find that in 170 divisions during the session, Mr. Atkinson was present at forty five only, and absent at 131 that in 267 divisions in committee, Mr. Atkinson was present at fifty-two, and absent at 21s and in twenty-three counts out of the House the late member was not in attendance. He (Mr. Macpherson) took, then, his position upon the fact that Mr. Atkinson enjoyed all the honours and it might be all the profits of the position, and he did not give the necessary performances. Having said thus much, he would proceed to say something of his own public views. The land question was considered by some a settled one, but he did not by any means consider it was so. So far from what it was in his opinion in a more unsatisfactory state than ever before. The promised benefits which were to flow from free selection had proved illusory. It did not afford the promised faculties for the occupa- tion of land by the poor man, while it acted injuriously to the other classes whom it affected to protect. (Mr. Macpherson here referred to the late impoundings and cross impoundings, and various other facts appearing from day to-day in the daily press with reference to the increasing evils resulting from the operation of the new land law, It was widely known that Mr. Cowper wag directly opposed to his colleagues as to some of the main principles of this law, but had yielded to the force of popular opinion. In framing this measure the country was at Mr. Robertson's feet, and it was in his power to have framed a great and lasting measure which would have done honour to his name, but he had filled in so doing, and to prop his faulty legislation he had introduced his fencing Bill a measure which was universally admitted to be an unjust and odious one. [The candidate here entered fully into an explanation of his views with regard to the Land question]. In his opinion the revenue derived from land ought not to be applied to Govern- mental purposes, but should be devoted to the crea- tion of roads, bridge?, and railways. They had no right to raise money by indirect taxation for paying off the public loans, and debts, or constructing bridges. The first feature of any law which could be considered a good one, should be to increase, in lieu of diminishing the revenue ; but it appeared that since the passing of the Act, after the first rush for small lots, the land revenue had diminished, and he had heard that in many cases the actual cost of surveying the small lots was four times as much as the deposit paid. - If this were true, it was another proof that the land law was in a very imperfect condition, Mr. E Esbensen reminded him of one who was suffering n g over the way-effecting astonishing allusions without confederates, and without machinery. Pass. in gMrom the Land Law, Mr. Macpherson, proceeded Mo condemn the railway policy of the Government, and particularly the contemplated raising of the rats, and abolition of excursion trains, and other alterations in the management, which he considered a retrograde policy, and which would have he effect of df-saiibfy iDC the public, discourage g the "wish of the railway and diminishing the ino me. With regard to the tariff, the candidate said he would not seek to make 1 political capital by promising to vote for the abolition of the tea and sugar duties He believed them 'Q be fair rates I but he would certainly oppose Ucir increased when li ha beard was em template ). He was strongly disposed to yield to the scheme of applying at all events, as large a portion of the revenue as is donable from them to the spread of education. With reference to the particular forms of educate n, he was decidedly in favour of the Denominational in large and populated to wins. Secular education without a religious one, was no doubt a benefit but not to be appreciated in comparison with the cooperation of the two. In smaller communities, however, where there was only papua area to warrant cue school, he press ried the National, where all of various religious sects could attend without'. fear of their religious persuasions berne interfered with. His feelings, however, he would say, were distinctly in favour of the Denominational "system. He must also say thistle was a friend to what they might consider a ghost-like was a petite and man. He looked with sorrow and regret upon its abolition. The country had not yet begun to feel the pen alty the corisequencisof its own race; but when did, he trust d they would be led to reconsider the matter, and if it ever were to he should be found on the side of those who were prepared to re-enact it. He had little else to say, except with references to himself. It was BY at ed that he was so warm and devoted a friend to two honorable gentlemen whom he saw near him that he would go in to support them. He should c< certainly pursue an independent course if returned. He admired Mr. Cowper rather than respected line, and only wished that his consistency equalled his ability he could not say as much of the other Ministers, and he hoped Mr. Cowper would yet keep better company. If returned they would have his bt st endeavours for their local interests. He would do his best to show them that he could Bet freely and independently, and that he was actuated by no other than a strong desire to do his duty. Mr. Macpherson, who was frequently cheered, was applauded on resuming his seat. Mr TitoMAi, STEWART proposed " That Mr. Macpherson is a fit and proper person to represent the electorate of Central Cumberland." Mr. MOXHAM seconded the motion. ! Previous to its being put, in reply to frequent calls, Mr. FoiisTEit, who was received with con stirred up pause, rose and addressed the meeting in a speech of considerable length, and with his customary eloquence and ability, pointing out the duties of a represents to-the necessity at the present time for men of independence of character, firmness of purpose, sufficient education and ability, and with means sufficient to place them above the political temptations in their way. Mr. Forster referred to the present representatives of the people, many of whom had the best in tentions, but wanted the strength of mind to resist the influences brought to bear upon them, and became fascinated charmed as it were-under the manipulated is of a Minister, until they were actually unconscious of their own acts. He also spoke of the political career of Mr. Atkinson-his nen-auendanco to his legislative duuet-scarcely ever listening to a debate, on making himself acquainted with questions before the House, and only voting on particular occasions when it was evident the Government was interested. In reply to repeated calls Mr. EAGAR also addressed the metting particularly with reference to the financial policy of the Government, and in support of the candidate's claims to the suffrages of the electors. Before the resolution was put, Mr. G. OAKES rose and addressed the meeting at some length, expressing himself as somewhat dissatisfied with Mr. Macpher- son's address, which contained no mention of the Police law, now a theme of paramount importance, and other important matters. Mr. Oakes expressed his regret that Mr. Atkinson had come forward, and trusted the electors would yet find some other candi- date. Mr. Oakes proceeded to speak in condemnatory terms of many of the late acts of the Ministry, in whom his confidence was much shaken, and to express his hope that a dissolution would ere long take place, and a better class of representatives be returned. The resolution of approval was put, and carried unanimously, and the meeting separated. I A local committee was subsequently formed, t POLICE COURT-Monday, 25th May. Before Mr. G. Langley. * Catharine. Stanton, drunk and dis- ru derly, was sent to gaol for seven days. Agnes Davis, drunk and riotous, was sent to gaol for seven days. Mary Cooper, Ryde, for indecent language of a most gross character, was fined £5, in default, three months imprisonment in Parramatta gaol. Joseph Williams, neglecting to obey order for maintenance, "apprehended upon warrant from Sydney, was remanded to the Water Police Office, Sydney, to be dealt with ****~*~mm 