LOSS OF THE HOPE AND SPORTING LASS AT BAMPTON SHOAL. Yesterday morning, about 8 o'clock, the master and a portion of the crew of the American whaler Hope, arrived in Brisbane in their boats, and re- ported the wreck of their vessel on Bampton Shoal, on the 17th October last. The following particulars have been furnished to us by Captain Gifford, the master of the vessel:-The American whaling ship, Hope, 300 tons register burthen, L. S. Gifford master, belonging to New Bedford, sailed from Sydney, on a two years' cruize, in July last. She was tolernaly successful in taking whales up to the 17th October last, on which date she got stranded on Hamilton Shoal. The weather at the time was fine, and the disaster was solely owing to an error of nearly 40 miles in the position of the shoal, as laid d.own on Captain Gifford's chart. From the time of the wreck to the 30th October, the ship's com- pany were engaged in securing provisions, stores, and other articles from the ship by means of the boats. These they conveyed to an island near the scene of the disaster. Subsequently, from the 30th October to the 6th November, tho crew were employed in repairing the boats, tn render them fit fiirthe pnssmrt. to the Australian const. The party were ready to leave the island on the 6th November, but during the ten following days, to the 16th, such heavy weather prevailed that it was deemed imprudent to put to sea. At daylight on the morning of the 15th November a brig was seen on the reef about six miles distant from the Island, which was occupied by the master nnd crew of the Hope. The crew were afterwards seen to abandon the brig, and come towards the Island in the boats, when it ans ascertained that the vessel was the Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master. Captain Bennett, as our readers will remember, was cast away some few months ago at the same place, in the schooner Prince of Denmark, from the remains of which he con- structed a smaller vessel called tho Hamlet's Ghost, and in which he made his way to Brisbane. The crew of the Sporting Lass saved nothing from their vessel except what was taken into the boats when leaving her, and she soon afterwards became a total wreck. The two ships' companies remained together on the Island for two days after the second wreck, and on the 17th November the entire crew of the Hope left the shoal in the four boats which belonged to her, and in company with five boats containing the crew of the Sporting Lass. The whole of the nine boats remained in together until the evening of the 19th, when Captain Gifford lost sight of the five boats helonging to Captain Bennett, also of one of his own, which was in charge of the third mate. The three now remaining continued their course without further accident, and on the morning of the 24th instant, at 3 o'clock, they made Cape Moreton light. They reached Bris- bane about 8 o'clock yesterday morning, and in good health and spirits. It is supposed that the six missing boats have proceeded on to Sydney, it being Captain Bennett's intention to go thither without first putting into Brisbane, and as far as we can learn there are no apprehensions to be felt respecting their safety. Respecting the vessel herself, we learn that she has been absent from New Uedford about six years on ber present voyage. With her cargo on board, as nt presont lying on the shoal, sin- U valued nt 70,000 dols. Captain (i ilford |.*s n heavy loser, and in nil probability luis lost the earnings of many years toil. The vessel wns, so fur us we can learn, uninsured. Tho greater part of the crow which landed here hnve already shipped on boird of the Rockhampton, Block Ball shi.*, which is about to proceed to Callao. Tho remainder will, we believe, with Captain Gilford, leave lirisbane for Sydney to-morrow in tho Urara. \ye under- stand thnt"it ls the intention of Captain Gilford to sell tho wreck on lils nrrtvalln Sydney, j Hg bonis we observe by nn advertisement lu another column! are to ho sold nt Hall's wharf to-dav. 