¿TJTBüB 'GHOBTâ* AND DREAMS," II - Hui iL ?????? Bi» GLTBFOBO DunnuM, wbo ha« * »eat in tbe jotigbbourbood of Durbam, nj is sed bis gardener, wbo, it w»s supported, bad fallen Into tuo river Tees, his bat and stick having been found near the water side. From that tiree up to Friday, of the fol'owing week, 'the river had been dragged «very day ; but every effort so made to find the body proved ineffectual. On the night of Thurs- day, however, a person named Awde, residing at little Durham, a small village,-about four miles rom Wycliff, dreamt that Smith (the missing man), -was laid under the ledge of a certain ro:k, about three hundred yards below Whorlton Bridge,, and that Ms right-arm uws brohen, A.wde got up early on Friday, and his dream had euch an effect upon him that be determined to go and search the river. He accordingly Btirted off for that purpose, with mif mentionint» the matter, beínrr nfraiiî flint, ho would be hughed ot by his neighbours. Never .¿elees, on his arriving at the boat house, lie dis 'closed bis object, on-the roan asking bim for wha parpóse he n quired'tbe boat. He rowed to thc .spot be had seen in his dream, »nd there, strang to say, upon the veryfirU trial that ha made wi il Iii s boat hook,'he-pulled up the body of the unfortu sate man wi li his right arm ao nally, broken. Reviewing all that I have advanced, it appears to me that there are two desiderata, which press îngly require to -be now supplied. Firs', some one: should take the pains of authenticating at the time and pu ting on permanent record stories: like the above, to be at. the service of' future specu'a lors. But seoondly, so numerous and well attested aro those already current, that the bringing for* ff ar à into light of some principle by which they may be shown to be natural evonts is now peremptorily cUlod for. To lead to the supply -of the second desideratum, I pro- ceed to mention a physical pbenonomen, which, from time to time occurred to the late histo ian and novelist, Hei'nrichZschokke. It ia describid Jbyhimina sort of autobiography, entit'ed Selb- stschau, which he .published a-few-years ago. It was only in the year 1850, thatZschokke died, having at ained a good old age. Early brought into public life in the troubles of Switzerland, and afterwards maintaining b¡3 place in public consi- deration by his numorout) writings, he was person »liv wirlelv Vnnwn -. lin wnnnnivArnnllv PETpomntl a man of strict veracity and integrity. Ile writes thus of himself:-If tho reception Of so many vis'tors was sometimes troublesome, at repaid itself occasionally, either, by making me . acquainted with remarkable personages, or by bringing out a wonderful sort of-seer, gift, which I I called my inward vision, and whioh bas always i remained an enigma ta me. I am aim:a: afraid j to say a word upon this subject, not for fear of the I ïmputn ion of being superstitious, bat lest I should j encourage that disposition in others. ; and yet it I forms a contribution to psychology. So to con ! fess. It ts acknowledged that tho judgment i which we form of strang'rs, on first meeting i them, is frequently more correct thin that which I we adopt _upon a longer acquaintance with them. I The first impression which, through an instinct of J the sou', attacks one towards, or repels one from i another, becomes, af era time, more dim, and is wea j toned, either through bis appearing other than at I £rst, or through our beaomir g accustomed to him. I People speak, too, in reference to auch cases of in I voluntary sympathies and aversions, and attach a 1 special «ertaintv to Buch manifestations in I children, in whom knowledge of mankind by ex- perience is -.wanting. Others, again, are incredul- ous, and attribute all to physiognomical skill. .Bat ofmyself.it bas happened to me occasionally, at the first meeting-with a toîalstrangcr, when Ihaveheen listening -in -silence to his conversation, that . his post lite, up'to the present moment, with many minute circumstances belonging to one or other , particular seen a in it, has come across me liko 'a; , dream, but distinctly, entirely, involuntarily, and' , unsought, occupying in duration a few minutes. During this period I am usually so plunged into , the representation..of the s'ranger's life, that at! i last I neither continue to see distinctly his face,. , ou which I was id'y speculating, nor to hear intel- ; ligently his voice, which at first I was using as a , commentary to tho test of his physiognomy. ¡For a long time J was dispqsed to consider these fleet, i ing visions as a trick of the fahey; tho more so .tbat.my dream-vision displayed to me thc dress and movements'of the "aptors, the appearance of the room, tho furniture, and other occidents of the .scene; ml} on one occasion,,in a gamesome mood, I narra'eit to my family the secret history of a , .sempstress, who had jus- before quitted the room. : Hihnd never seen the person .before. Nevertheless the hearers were astonished,, and laughed, and wo.nld^ not be persuaded but that J had a previous acquaintance wi h the former life nf the person, , inaomnch as what Ï bad stated waa nerfecttv trnr. I was not lesî astonished to find that my dream visión agreed with reality. . I then gave more at- tention.to the subject, and, as often . aa propriety allowed of, it, I related «o those whose lives had so passed,before me the substance of my dreám vision, to obtain from them ita .contradiction or .confirmation. On every occasion- tts con- firmation followed, not without amazement on the part] of those who gave it. Least of all, could I, myself,: give faith to these conjuring treks of my mind. Bvery time that I described to anyone ;«iy dream-vision .reepectÎBg him, I confidently .expected him to answet it was not so. A secret thrill always came .over me when the listener ¿replied, " it happened .as you say or when before he spoke, his astonishment betrayed that I was not wrong. InBtead of .recording many int tances, I shall give one which, at the time, made a Btrong impression upon me. On.a fair doy, I went in'o , the town of Waldshut, accompanied by two yoong ; foresters who are still alive. It was evening, and j tired witli our walk, we wont into an inn called ¡the Vine. We took our supper with a numerous company at the public table ; when it happened that they made themselves merry .over the peouliari ios and simplicity of the Swiss, in connection with the belief in mesmerism. Lavater's .pbvsiocnom'cj.1 System, and the like. One of my comparions, whose national pride was touched by their raillery, begged rae to make some reply, particularly in Answer to a young man of superior appearance, who sat opposite, andi had indulged in unrestrained ridicule lt happened that the events of this very tterson'sl'fe had jost previously passed ' before my i^i^'i.' Ï turned , to him with ,the question, «rhether Kg WOnià" apply to me with truth and Candour, if i. narrated to him tho mOBt secret passages of his hieivv. he being OB little known to me as I to him ? Thav would; I suggested, go something beyond.Havater's pl**«iogoomical skill. He promised, if I told the truth, to nanto it openly. Then I narrated the events with which my dr»am vision bad'furnished me, and " the table learnt tho history, of the , young: tradesmen's life, of his* school ¡ years, " his peccadilloes^' and, finally, 'of a li tte act of roguery committed hy, him on the strong box of his employer. I do soribcd!tho, uninhabited room with iti white walls,' Where to tho right".of the brown door, there hadr Blood upon the .tabla tho small block money chest, &o;, A dead silence reigned in the company during this recital, interrupted on'y when I: occa-J wonaîlv askéà^if I speke 'ibo truth. The roan, ranch strpck, admitted' trie correctness of each cironra stances-even; (wbicb-I conld not expect,) . of the last, - - Touched with bis frankness, I reached my band to binracroBS the table, and «closed my nar- rative, He asked my name, which I gave him. We Bat np late in the night conversing. He may be alive yet, Now I can well imagine how a lively imagination cou'd picture, romance-fashion, from the obviouä character of a person, how he would conduct himself ander given circumstances. Bnt whence came to me the involuntary knowledge of accessory details, which were without any sort of interest, and respected people, who for the most par', were utterly indifferent to me, with whom I neither had, nor wish to have, the slightest asso- ciation ? Or was it in each case a mere coinci- dence ? Or had the listener, to -whom I described : his history, each time other imagos in his mind I than the accessory ones of my story, but, in sur Íprise at the essential resemblance of my story to the trntb, lost sight of the points of difference ? Yet I have, in consideration of this possible source of error, several times taken pains to describe the most trivial circumstances that mv dream VÍBJ'OD hns shown me. " Not another word about this strange seer giff, which I can aver was of no use to me in a single instance, which manifested itsel'occasionally only, and qnite independently of any volition, and often in relation to persons in whose history, I took not the slightest in erest. Nor am I the only ono in possession ot this faculty. In à journey with two of my sons, I fell in with an old Tyrolese who travelled about selling lemons and oran res, at the inn at Unterhauers'eia in one of the Jura pisses. He fixed bis eyes for some time on rae; joined in our conversation, observed that though I did not know him he knew me, and began io describe my ac s and deeds to tho no little amusement of tho peasants and astonishment of my children, whom it interested to learn that another possessed the same gift as their father. ?How tho old lemon merchant acquired his know- ledge, he was not able to explain to himself nor to me. But he seomed to attach great importance to I his hidden wisdom." w In the newness of such knowledge, it is wor'.h while to note separately each o( tho particulars which attended the manifestaron of this strange mental faculty, with his account of which Zschokke has enriched psychology. j 1\. Then, af ¡er the power of looking tip the' entire recollée ions of another, through soma other ; channel than ordinary inquiry and observation and as it soemed directly, we may note- | 2\. The rapidi'y, m nuteness, and precision, which characterised tbe act of inspection. 3\. The feeling attending it of becoming absent or lost to what was g ling on around. 4\. Its involuntariness and unexpec'ednes3. 6\. Its being practicable on Eome only ; and G. Those, entire strangers and at- their first interview with the seer. ( To bo continued.) . Zsehokke told a friend ofmine at IVankTOftf, tù 1847, shori ly before his death, wbioh took Bkoe atan advanced age, that in the Utter jenrs of his life bia seer-gift had nevor maniefe«ted itself. _ 