THE NAGGLETOIiTS ON MOVING. ? [From Punch.] # |_xne scene represents the distinguished couple at . breakfast in then* house at South Kensington.] Mr. N. (with the Times) — The news from America is interesting, but chiefly in a political point of view. The democrats, who, as I explained to you— Mrs. If. — I do not wish to hear anything about democrats. My papa always said that they were low people, who wished to subvert the altar and the throne. Mr. N. — But as there is no throne in the United States Mrs, jn. — Ah! that is just your vulgar habit or word-catching, which, excuse me, Henry, is quite apart from the manners of good society. I do wish you could take a little example from Mr. Snotchley. Mr. N. — I should like nothing better, for he is going to Brussels. Mrs. N. — Ah ! Mrs. Snotchley is to be envied. She enjoys life. Mr. N. (maliciously) — You can enjoy it precisely in the same way, my dear. Mrs. N. — I, Henry. No. I am not complain ing- Mr. N.— That's a comfort. Mrs. N. — But to compare the pleasurable excite ment of Mrs. Snotchley' s life with my monotonous existence is perfectly absurd. is bad temper. But I merely meant to say that on the present occasion Mrs. Snotchley's pleasurable ex citement will be derived from reading the letters her husband may write her from abroad. Mrs. N. — He writes beautiful letters, for he is a man of polished education, and it is delightful to read them. And it is very considerate of him not to drag her abroad with him in this uncertain weather. Mr. N. — One man may steal a horse, and another is banged for looking over a fence. Mrs. N. — I have heard that wise men make pro Verbs, and — those who are not wise men — quote them. I do not affect to understand your meaning. ^ IT ? T.T TtT _ A.1 * rt» A J ? 1 M jur. ±i. — xi u, jiuere is no aneetanon auoui you, everybody knows that. I mean that Snotehley is praised for leaving his wife at home, while I was abused for doing the same thing. Mrs. N. — That is what a man calls an argument ! The weather during your Paris trip was lovely. Mr. N. — It rained four days out of six. Mrs. N. — The Paris letters in the Times did not say so, Henry ; but I {have no wish to convict you of deceit. We have more important matters to speak of. Mr. N. — More important than my character for honesty and truth, Madam ! What do you mean by that ? Mrs. N. — Do not be so violent. Suppose the chil dren heard you. Mr. BT. — How can they hear me, when they are in their breakfast-room ? — you talk nonsense. Mrs. N.— Wives always do, of course ; do not the 'Flips' hold that as an article of belief? But this wretchedly-built house allows everything to be heard, from one room to another, and that brings me again to what I wanted to say. Have you given notice to the landlord ? Mr. N. — Notice of what, that we can hear through his walls ? Mrs. N. (firmly) — Notice that we leave his house at Lady-day. Mr. N. — Certainly not, because we don't. Mrs. N.— Henry ! Mr. N. — -That is my name, Maria. It was given me by my godfathers and godmother at my baptism. Mrs.N. — I must leave the room, of course, if you indulge in such profane language. Mr. N. — Is that the way to speak of your catechism, Mrs. Naggleton ? I thought you knew better things. Mrs. N. — Henry be serious if possible, not for my sake, I should not think of mentioning myself, but for that of the children for whom you profess some regard, and for whom, whether you care for them or not, the world expects you to ehow some considera tion. It is unmanly to go off in jeers and jests when a wife is talking to you of their health and happi ness. Mr. N.— You have said nothing about their health. As for their happiness, that shout of laughing — there it goes again— does not seem to say that they are particularly miserable. JU1D* J.^. ? .£-. UAJU1U YV1X1 OIV U£IV1£ O BlI^H UOIX ClUU laugh. Mr. N. — Yes, at a doctor like Peter Grievous, and well he may. . Now, are you going to quote Peter Grievous to me. Mrs. N. — Without discussing the wit of calling a professional man like Dr. Petre Gravois by a vulgar nickname, I hope a mother may remind you of what he said. Mr. M. — He said that Brompton was a relax ing air. Mrs. N.— He said that the air of South Kensington was relaxing. Mr. N. — Well corrected, M*m, and thank you. We are in Brompton, but as I call the place South Ken sington to oblige you, suppose you live in it to oblige me. Mrs. N. (solemnly). — I hope that I know a wife's duty. It is to accept the lot which her husband may force upon her, and to lire, as long as she is spared, where, bis caprice dictates. Mr.- N. — Caprice! Now that is — confound it, Maria, you have no right to say that. Was it I who insisted on moving here from. Bedford-square ? Mrs. N.— Yes. Mr. M'.— ^Weu, I am — never mind. Mrs.. N. — Henry, it is well that you abstained from adjuration. Let your own conscience tell you whether it was not you who insisted on. moving here, and whether I did not beseech for a house lower down. ' . ? ' Mr. N. — Yes, at two hundred. and ten guineas, a: year. * To do you justice you did, bat one of us was not - insane. Mrs. N. — I am left utterly in the dark as to my husband's means, and it is manly in him to reproach me with having believed in his own accounts of his prosperity. Mr. N. (sternly) — None of that nonsense, Maria, if you please. I put up with a good deal, but not with downright falsehood and injustice. We should have heen: simply mad to take that house. I took this to please you. Now, where do you want to go next ? Mrs. N. (pockethandkerchief practice) — I have no wish, Henry. It matters little to me where I spend the' remainder of my existence, and, as I haye said, it is my duty to remain with you. Let it be so, and do not. give the notice. But I have also a duty as a mother, and I cannot see my children falling away under— (tremendous shout from the children in the next room, and clatter). .-. Mr. N. — Falling away . under the table— go on. I hope Blinkitty hasn't bumped her head, though. (Another shout). No, all right. Go on with your description of their misery, my dear. Mrs. N. — It is in vain pleading to hardened levity. I will merely say that if we remain here, I shall arrange to send the hoys to ' Leominster, to their uncle, Emmeline to my cousin at Mold, and I dare. say that Mamma will receive Cecilia. You need not look so alarmed— whatever pecuniary compensation may be necessary I will retrench from my own comforts. Mr. N. — Blinkitty sha'nt go to Mold, the boys shall remain at home till they are old enough for Harrow, and as for Syllabubs, you ought to be ashamed of youself for thinking of turning her out of the house. Mrs. N. — It is you who turn the poor child out, and cast her on the mercies of— Mr. N. — Of your Mamma, eh? You did not mean that,- old girl, but you've just said it. No, we'll not have Syllabubs brought up on) ghosts and Galvanism. Mrs. N. — Mamma's persuasions— : Mr. N.-^-Persaasions ; no, by Jove. That's not the word. I don't think she wasted much time in per suading -her children, especially if their ears were within reach. Syllabubs don't go there, and that's Medo-Persic, Maria. Mrs. N. — We will discontinue the conversation, if you please, nntil I have had time to consult with my brother Cornelius. jiu- x^ ?— *¥ uua ^uii aroauu-au j.u, uuiuiuviuiu auwuv a cheque he borrowed of me on Tuesday, and was to have . returned the day before yesterday. Consult your great-grandmother ! Well, if you and Peter Grievous say we must go, exeunt the Naggletons. Now, then, where are we to go to ? Mrs. N. — Where you please ; but in the first place, remember that our moving at all is all your own arrangement that would enable you to remain here. Mr. N. — I like that. And take away my children from me — what the lawyers call the rule in Shelley's case. ? Mrs. N. — Really if you will attempt what you think wit, it should be new. You tried that speech before Mr. Wyndham Wareham, and he pointed out that you had made a ridiculous blunder. Mr. n. ? You have a pleasant memory, dear ; I ask you where you want to live. Mrp, N. — I answer that it is for you to decide. Mr. N. — I know what that means. Well, I saw a bill up in one of the smaller houses in Russell-square. I'll look in aB I go into the city. Mrs. N. (tearfully).— The truth is breaking in upon me, Henry. I will bear it as well as I can, but a woman's nature requires some allowance. Mr. N.— Certainly, and yours is £20 a week, not a bad allowance for any woman's nature. Mrs. Ni— Yes, yes, and-your incessant harping on that income confirms all tny forebodings. You are going down in the world! Confess it to your wife, Henry. We women bear these things more bravely than you think, only tell me alL Mr. N. (in an intense rage). — By Jove, if I were to tell you all that is on my tongue, you would hear something. What do you mean ? Mrs. N. — There ! I am calm, you shall see no more tears, (Pooketfl her bwwfcerohjef.) N.owtiien, We must give up this house, you say, and retire into obscurity. And, although you have not said so, you wish to save the expenses of a place of business. I see your meaning, dear. Yes, Henry, perhaps that will be well ; and as Russell- square is in the heart of the city, your stockbrokers and silk merchants and all that sort of people could come there after you. I would give up the lower part of the house, but perhaps you would not mind letting them ring the area belL Never be afraid to trust a wife, Henry. You shall see how I will help you in retrenchment. I will give my canary birds to Hester Deedle this very afternoon, and the children shall be gradually brought to agree to part with Floppy. Give the uvhiuw, UDU, OUU JLUU& till lillG UUUSth Mr. N. (who has been turning several colors, but none of them pleasing to the eye) — Mrs. Naggleton, here is one house which would suit you uncom monly well, and you may behold it, Wm, on the left side of the Brighton railway, near Reigate. It is called, Madam, the Asylum for Idiots. [He rushes out of the room, and bolts himself into what he calls his ' study.' Mrs. Naggleton, with a triumphant smile, takes out ' Mogg' from the sideboard drawer, and, placing the map before her, measures the distances between various places and one point to which she always recurs — a terrace near Hyde Park Gardens. We wonder whether we shall meet her there.] , ADespebate Chabacteb. — The following incre dible story is extracted from a work entitled ' Female Life in Prison:' By 'A Female (!) Matron.' — 'Copes, it may be premised, is a giant in appearance, power fully made, with a pair of broad shoulders and mus cular arms worthy of a member of the pugilistic profession. A woman with no common sense, devoid of all common feeling, even for her own sufferings, and of all reflection on the punishments that must follow her outbreaks, dark cells, handcuffs, and strait-waistcoats have no terrors for her. It is to this woman that I indirectly alluded in my sketch of Ball, as Ball's superior hi the art of aggravation and resist ance. Skilful with her hands, her feet, her teeth, and possessed of extraordinary strength, it may be imagined that Copes was no easy subject to deal with in her evil hours. For instance, it might happen that some day she would suddenly refuse to take air, saying: — 'There's no occasion why I should take air — what's the good of air to me ? Just be off and leave me alone, while Fm quiet.' If this hint were not immediately attended to, she would scream like a hyena, dash at her cell door, and shake it with a force that in very violent paroxysms would perhaps leave it in her hands. Breaking furniture, smashing glass, tearing blankets and rugs after the old prison fashion, were mere trifles to Copes ; the table was reduced to firewood in an instant, gas pipes were torn down, the sides of tin cans were flattened together, and a greater number of men were always required to force her into a refractory cell than had ever been engaged on the same duties since Millbank Prison had scowled across the water at the Vauxhall wharfs. Getting Copes into a refractory or dark cell was no easy matter ; getting her as soon as possible out of those quarters became another duty to be im mediately attended to. When placed in the ' dark' it was found that she had a partiality to leaping from one side of the cell to the other, taking ' headers,' as it were, against the opposite wall ; or else, assum ing a crouching position in a corner, she would curl her arms round her knees and commence a series of violent swinging motions that brought her head rapidly against the wall with a sickening series of cracks that would have ended in concussion of the brain with any other prisoner. If not thus agreeably occupied she would wrench up the flooring of the 'darks,' and batter away with the planks at the door till the whole prison seemed coming down at once. It became soon generally understood that Copes was too violent for ' darks and refractories ;' canvas jackets were of little use, for she ripped them np and burst them asunder as though they had been prison sheeting ; and handcuffs she broke or bit away from her wrists, and failing that, tried to dash her brains out. with them. These extraordinary paroxysms of passion would last for days, and defeat all efforts to reduce them by restraint ; the power to injure herself it was difficult to deprive her of, and she was more insensible to the pain she inflicted on herself than were those compelled to be the witnesses of her self-torture. It became necessary to confine her in the padded cell, a room generally reserved foe mad prisoners, the walls of which are thickly padded to within a few inches of the ceiling. Here she would climb about like a cat, and be often found wriggling herself round the room several feet above the heads of her observers. She was as supple and agile as a panther, and possessed all the strength of that creature of the forest. Copes finished her feats in the padded room by tearing down with her teeth all the BbLUiJglJ 1U.GU. UttUVOS BUp^lUlL9, BULL BblUllUg, OUU piling up the ground with the debris. I believe this was the first time that ever the feat was accom plished, and the strength and ingenuity by which she succeeded in the attempt must have verged on the superhuman. She became very vain of the last exploit — which she repeated several times — and used to boast of it to her fellow-prisoners, who were compelled after that to sit up with her night and day, for fear of the harm she might perpetrate on herself. Tightly secured in canvas jackets of an extra thickness, it became necessary to feed Copes with a spoon — a process which she objected to strongly, and for which' she showed her contempt in a manner at once novel and characteristic. She would stand very: quietly and receive a spoonful of her gruel, then give a cat-like run up the prison wall, blow the food from her mouth through the window, spring down again with pantomimic celerity, and place herself in position for the next modicum of gruel, to be served in the same way, until the whole was disposed of. If the women in association with her were withdrawn for a few minutes she would often be found, on their return, divested of the canvas jacket, and with the ceiling of her cell torn down and covering the floor.' The Proposed Mediation nr Ajiebica. — The Paris Moniteur publishes the following: — 'The London Gazette publishes the text of the despatch addressed by Lord Bussell to Lord Cowley, Her Britannic Majesty'* Ambassador at Paris, in reply to the despatch of M. Drouyn de Lhuys on American affairs. ' The correspondence from St. Petersburg also gives us the substance of the reply of Prince Grortschakoff. The English despatch renders full homage to the sentiments which dictated the Btep taken by the Emperor's Government. It shows, on the part of the English Government, a lively desire to act in concert with France. While declining at present the co-operation offered to it, it is exclusively occupied with the chances, more or less favorable, which the proposal of the French Government mishi meet with in the United States. It is not a refusal; it is an adjournment. A similar judgment may be passed upon the Russian despatch. It renders fid} justice to the idea of conciliation and of humanity which has inspired the Government of the Emperor, and, if necessary, promises the moral support of Russia to any measure attempted at Washington. At St. Petersburg, as at London, it is the internal condition of the United States which postpones any resolution in the sense of the French proposition. In fact, the manner in which an offer of good services may be taken into account in America deserves great con sideration ; but, if our information is correct, the hesitation of the Cabinets of London and of St. Petersburg are likely soon to terminate. A feeling prevails in America, in the North as well as in the South, desirous of peace, and that feeling gains ground daily. The elections now taking place in the Northern States are a proof of the progress of that feeling, ttie supporters of which are obtaining great advantage, and it will probably have a majority in the next Congress.' A Bueglae Shot by a Lady.— The chief eon. stable of Derbyshire, Mr. W. G. Fox, has received a report from Superintendent Shaw of a burglary hav ing been committed at the house of Mr. Norman, of Howich-end, Whaley Bridge, Derbyshire. The entrance was effected through the house shutters, which were opened with a 'jemmy,' and three men, armed and masked, obtained unmolested entrance to the dining-room. At half-past 3 Mrs. Norman was disturbed by a strange nojje, and having listened fora few seconds determined to leave her bed, and discover the cause. She therefore partially dressed herself, and armed with a revovler went down stairs, and upon reaching the front room she found a man using a lighted candle and wearing a mask. Mrs. Norman maintained her composure with wonderful nerve, and taking a good aim fired and hit the burglar in the breast. The shot served as an alarm, and instantly the wounded burglar was dragged through the win dow (bleeding and groaning) by bis alarmed com panions, who were on the watch. The effect of the shot was such, that the wounded man was observed by Mrs. Norman to fall against the wall of the room, and it is suspected by the police that the wound may have proved fatal. Mr. Fox has left Derby to take the superintendence of the chase of the wounded burglars, and there are strong hopes that the offenders may be discovered. Railway Roiling Stock. — The number of loco motives on railways in the United Kingdom at the close of last year was 6,156— viz., 4,956 in England and Wales, 848 in Scotland, and 352 in Ireland. At the close of 1860 there were 4,696 engines in use in England and Wales, 781 in Scotland, and 324 in Trfilnnrl.— mfllHncr a tntal n( K fWI -a tvimnnred with 6,156 at the close of 1861. The number of passenger carriages, trucks, &c;, in use on lineB in England and Wales amounted at the close of 1861 to 171,475, as compared with 162,915 at the close of 1860; in Soot land to 31,131 at the close of 1861, as compared with 27,091 at the close of 1860 ; and in Ireland to 6,363, as compared with 5,644 at the close of 1860— making a total for the United Kingdom of 208,969 passenger carriages, trucks, &c;, at ? the end of last year, as compared with 195,650 at the close of I860. The mileage in operation increased from 10,433 miles at the end of I860 to 10,869 miles at (he close of 18W, 