IsTE'WS &" NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. COLllI. (Concluded from yesterday's paper.) Sydney, September, 1. OuiV" great debate" having ended, happily for tho Ministry and tho reporters, politics might be supposed used up for the present; but it is uot exactly so. The Treasurer is expected to make his financial statement on Thursday next, but it is understood that he will be anticipated. By a motion to be brought forward by Mr. W. Forster, con- dom.ling ministers for the unauthorised ex- penditure of public money. No such mo- tion, however, is likely lo be carried. The instances of unauthorised expenditure are mostly of a very trumpery and ludicrous character, and it is hardly likely that, tho house will be drawn into another big talk at present. Obviously tho most proper time fora motion of want of confidence would be after tho finnnoial policy of tho government had been displayed. I doubt if such a mo- tion would pass even then, but nibbling like thnt proposed by Air. Forster in the mean- time will surely only tend to weaken tho Opposition. Mr. Enger's amendment on Marlin's motion was, as you are awore, rejected, and events now bid fair to justify that rejection iu somo measure. A very interesting account of other depre- dation appears in this day's Herald, aud in- cludes tho report of another dreadful murder. Mr. Bayliss, police magistrate at Wagga Wagga, has been shot by tho bushrangers, and there is small hope of his recovery. It seems that a ruffian named Morgan, who, with his band, has felonious charge of that part of the country, had stopped Mr. Bayliss in the bush, and robbed him, after a hard chase, but subsequently hearing who he was, restored his watch and money, asking him not to givo information?a promiso which Mr. Bayliss declined to give, nud he was then relcas'ed. Morgan and bis confederates cut the telegraph line between Urana nnd Wagga Wagga, in order to Btop sommunica tion, but Mr. Bayliss sent off a message via Melbourne to Sydney and thus lo Wunga Wagga, and awaited police assistance, which subsequently arrived. Tho result wns ascer- tained from n trooper who caine galloping into iVngga Wagga for a doctor, and I hore givo you the particulars, which arc worthy of perusal:? From questioning the trooper, and a perusal of tho lotter addressed to Dr. Morgan by Mr. Sub-Inspector Morrow, it appears that poor Bayliss, after despatching bis telegram to Wagga Wagga, awaited tho arrival of the police, dotorinined to aid them personally in their search for tho ruffians, and to do all that in him lay to onsuro their apprehension Accordingly, when they joined him, n oloso 8oarch was instituted, nnd persevered in up to midnight of Woducsdny, thu 2(ith, when thc otitrngo roferred to stopped further pro- ceedings, and, for aught wo know to tbe con- trary, at present has terminated tho career of a husband and father, a personal friend, un influential townsman, mid n meritorious public officer, lt scorns that thu track of Morgun having been once taken up, was, under Mr. Bayliss' general directions and personal assis- tance, novor wholly lost, and on Wednesday tho camp of tho ruffian was discovered in a dense scrub, and a pinn was funned for securing him. Tho horses of the pnrty wero secured and left in charge of trooper Charlton, whilst Mr. Sub-Inspoctor Morrow and troopor Brown accompanied by Mr. Bayliss, took pos- session of tho bushrangers' but, to await their return. This took placo lato on tho night of Wednosday, but so stealthily that the party in waiting bad no positive ovidenco of it. It is surmised hore thnt tho bushrangers bad notice of tho movements of tho police, and that they " stalkod" tho but ut night for the purpose of surprising tho polico, and so turning their stratagem on themselves. Thero is reason, I think, to believe this was the case. Morgan is evidently a bold, reckless ruffian?is a mau of groat physical power nnd bruto courago, and quito equal to such an attempt?nnd there can ho littlo doubt, had it thoroughly succeeded, all tho party would have boon butchered. Towards midnight, trooper Brown reports that a slight noise was board iu tho scrub, which he at once pronounced a human footstop.'but which Mr. Bayliss said was only tho passage of some night animal amongst the branches. Tho belief that it was a foot- fall having boon roitoratod, poor Bayliss said bo would go out quietly mid reconnoitre, tell- ing trooper Brown to sit quiet, and refusing to let him como out. The unfortunato gentle- man wont out vory quietly, but lind not ad- vanced throo yards before a dischargo of fire- arms took place in front, close to bis person, and ho foll instantly. Trooper Brown ro turncd thc fire in the direction of tho flashes of tho ruffians' guns, hut iu tbe darkness no mischief was done, and tho ruffians got olear off. The fearful event wns a groat shock to tho party, who at once went to tbe aid of our unfortunate friend. Ho was not doad, but was found to have received two gun- shot wounds of a serious character. Ono had struck his right thumb, where it grasped and overlaid his revolver, and lind shattered it in a torriblo manner, glancing off The second shot had taken effect on tho right breast, and hud passed upward nnd obliqitoly quite through at tho buck of tho left shouldor; thus, as tbe trooper asserts, having passed quito through his body, and leaving a fearful opening. On taking off the sufferer's coat, tho bullet was found in tho sleeve of tho outer coat. It was not a spherical ball, hut a long rounded piece of lead, weighing about two ounces. Thu sufferer was placed on horseback, and taken about sixteou miles, to Mr Davidson's, of Bullenbong. wln.-re tho party arrived about two p.m. on Thur.-day, and where everything was done lo make tho unfortunate gentleman comfortable Trooper Brown was despatched for Dr. .Morgan, who, with two other persons, started nt dusk for Bullenbong. It was pro- mised that a special messenger should be sent in tiiis morning to advise the condition of the sufferer, but up to the present time we have bu,rd nothing mid aro in a stnto of grout iinensini-ss ns to tho result. It was thought advisiiblo nut to inform Mrs Biyliss of tile full extent nf tho ii juries sustained by bur unfiirliiii.ito husband until a reliable ¦nodical report had been received, and this fact increases our uusiuty. But wliilo wo nra getting rid of some of those rascals, othors na' currying their depredations ns recklessly ns ever. A tele gram from Burrangong, doted yesterday, says I? Last night inspec'or Orridgo, with a trooper and a black tradkrif,- went to a placo not fur from here, in order to capture' sotno bushrangers, supposed to bo in a hut. Tlio polico left their horses iu thc caro of tho tracker fit A y"iird, and went on foot to sur- round tho lui'. Tho nflshrnngors, seeing the police, enmo out of tho hut, vr'efc joined hy somo of their comrades, and commenced to fire volley after volley into tho liorsos. Ono bullet went through tho trackor's arm, and another toi'o his blanket. The bushrangers, if thoy wounded tho horse's, took thom never- theless all away, and left tho po'ico on foot An oxpress carno to town this morning from M'Kay's station, at Wallcnbon, stating that Mr. Baines, ii storekeeper, from Murrum- burrah, lind been killed! whilst resisting bush- rangers. The coroner lins gono out to hold nn inquest. But this is not all. The same communi- cation gives a report of a "domiciliary visit" which, for cool impudence has not been sur- passed. You will see that Gardiner who was believed to have left the colony, is said to have turned up again :- Yesterday (Thursday), the 27th, about four o'clock p.m., a horseman, " bloody with spur- ring, fiery red with haste," thundered across the bridge (at Wagga Wagga) and galloped along the street in the direction of the police quarters. The appearance of "The Firman" did not more surely convey to the ancient Arab the token of the advancing foe, than did the appearance of this boated rider indi- cate to the inhabitants of our peaceful village that some other act of violence had been per- petrated. The people drew rapidly together, and we ascertained from the messenger that about two o'clock, whilst the family were at dinner, three mounted bushrangers rode up to Mr. Hammond's, at Junee, and dismount- ing, walked into the dining- room. Two of the robbers wero recognised as Gilbert and Vane, and the third, strange as it may seem, is said positively to be Gar- diner, and I believe it, notwithstanding the reports of his having left the country. The rascals made purticular inquiries for the per- son who had ridden in to give information to the police of their former robbery of Junee store and public house, stating they knew he had gone from Mr. Hammond's. They as- sured the family that if they found him they would punish him severely by the infliction of fifty lashes with a stock whip, which they had brought with them for the purpose! As the person they sought for was not present the scoundrels were foiled, but they stated the existence of a recent law passed among them, by which any one giving information to the police is to be punished by fifty lashes for the FIRST OFFENCE! one hundred for the SECOND! and by Death for the THIRD!!! Gilbert, who leisurely leant against the side- board whilst the family dined, was the mouthpiece for this new class of law givers, the other two men being engaged ransacking the rooms. They took outfits of wearing ap- parel, a watch, some jewellery, and all the gunpowder they could find, but got no cash. They then stated that their principal object in coming to Mr. Ham- mond's was to procure horses, "as they be- lieved he had good ones," and "particularly they wanted that horse which had on the occasion of the former robbery carried his rider into Wagga Wagga in an hour." (The distance is twenty-four miles.) They said they had read the account in the newspapers, and "were pleased with it!" Also, that "they had seen the horses in the paddock, and believed this horse was amongst them." Gil- bert asked for a late paper, and entered into a loose and careless conversation on the subject of bushranging in general. He referred to the late discovery of their gang by the police at the Wedden Mountains, and said that Mr. Morrissett had reported he had wounded his (Gilbert's) horse when the attempt was made to rescue the prisoners at Carcoar, but that was untrue, for the horse had carried two of themselves away from the police when dis- covered near the Wedden Mountains. He also remarked that "Mr. Roberts, of Currawong, was a first-rate old fellow, as he furnished both the police and the bushrangers with horses!" This was in facetious allusion to the circumstance of the horses ordered by Mr. M'Lerie, from Mr. Roberts, for the public service, being stolen by the bushrangers. The robbers stated they had latterly lost five of their best horses, by the police. Gilbert re- mained on Mr. Hammond's premises whilst the other two brought up the horses from the paddock, when, having procured the fine animal they "particularly" wanted, and hav- ing given another "a trial gallop" against one of their own in the paddock, "just to try his foot," they decamped, going in the direc- tion of the Junee store and inn, which, it will be remembered they robbed in June last. As the messenger I have referred to as bringing the report of the robbery at Mr. Hammond's, left directly the robbers did, he could tell us nothing but a gentleman has come in this morning from Junee, and reports that the inn and store were robbed by the rascals, the latter to a most serious extent. A very beautiful lunar rainbow was visible here on Friday evening last. It faded and re- appeared like a dissolving view, and excited much admiration in those who witnessed it. A country paper gives somo further par- ticulars of tlio late storm at Gundagai. " The hail stonos woro of extraordinary size, and foll in such quantities as to cover thc ground to somo depth, nnd gave the country around, for a time, quito n wintry oppcanuico. So much bail had nover been known to fall in Gundagai within tho memory of that respected and tiniu-honnrcd individual?tho oldest inhabitant. Little or no wind accom- panied tho hail, but tho full forco of the storm was severely felt at tho Five Milo Creek. A whirlwind swept down from tho hills, tearing up large trees by tho roots and whirling tho branches into tho air. In its course it en- countered Mr. Oorbery's public-houso, tho roof of which wns carried entirely away, some portions of it to a wonderful distance The roof of a large stone stable was likowiso torn off. Tho inmates escaped without injury, but tho whole of tho premises arc in a stato of complete wreck. Tho lightning which succeeded tho storm did considerable damage to tho telegraph instruments of tho Gundagai station. Notwithstanding ovory precaution had boon talton by Mr. Smith, tho station- master, in anticipation, two nf his instruments woro smashed. By dint of great exertion, however, Mr. Smith succeeded iu ropairing them in time on Saturday morning to prevent any inconvenience. At Adelong nnd Tumut rain foll heavily, accompanied by thunder and lightning, but wo have not heard of any damage having been done, savo the instruments nt tho telegraph office, ono portion of which wns thoroughly fused1' Amongst other nows from tho country wo have tidings of a poor girl, aged 18, a nurse- maid, having drowned herself in thc Shoal- haven River?cuu-o unknown. Tho girl's nanio wns Margaret Heartneddy. A Mr. Charles Baker, of Bathurst, butcher, was found dead iu tho bush, having evidently beon upset in his cart while intoxicated. Tho horse was also dead. A writer from Otago furnishes a Molbourno poper with tho following lurthur particulars of tho late shocking loss of lifo by tho fall of an avalanche on the Shotover River :?" I will givo you tho names of twolvo mun who i got killed on tho morning of tho 27th instant. Thero wero 1.7 in tho hut, nnd threo wero saved?William andSammil Wilson (brothers), William Cummins, John Frazer, George Jack, Jas. Allen, Joseph Mortimer, John Horn bucklo, Samuel Gratton, Puter Iluuter, David Augurs, John Grahmn ; injured Andrew Groy, Andrew Gurthaw, David Drew, Ed- ward llyld ; two of tho bodies have not been found yet. Wo think they havo been swept into tho Shotover and taken down tho river. Wo have found tho bndics of ten of them ; they will bc buried 31st instant, all in cufiins. They wuru g"ing to lint havo it. There lin vu been m*vuii iiinro lust lower down tho rivor, hut uud all. Thoir bodies havo not boon found ns yet. Tho nnmes aro as follow :?Junien Kelly. Patrick Mnnnin, Patrick Travers, John M'Whiney, R'obort AYoar, William M'Allen, Charles WU kinsrlri. In foot, wo baldly know what loss ol' life thct'o is air yet. Tho lund sjips aro falling into tho n'vof /or n distance of from a quarter of a milo to hull" a. nV'lo of tho lunges On each side. A mau hardly knows whore he ia Safe; aa when bo is near thc river his hut will go, rind wbon be camps upon tho side of tho ranges thu Stones and largo rocks nie coming down nil-fours'. "Sfon would compare it to nothing only a hattie- ficitf. As for tho loss of property, I could not doscribo it to you, it la so great. It has ruined one-hull'of tho minors. There aro plenty of men who havo no money loft to buy provisions. Many havo beon completely I'oggand," Many of your roaders may notico in tho £lydnu7 papers an extraordinary and startling theatrical announcement of thc expected ar- rival of " Tho Ghost," who is to appear on the stage, and some of them may not ho aware ol' tho moaning. " Tbs Ghost" is tho offspring of scionco nnd Professor Pepper. A Loiidun paper gives a long report of tbe ap- pearance of tho phenomenon at tho Britannia Theatre, in a sort of moral drama composed for tho purpose. After dottiiling tho plot nt eomo length, tho journal in question proceeds: ?" Presently, tho vast bouso sinks Into ob- scurity, ortly a low flickering gns- jcts being left boro and thero to create a faint twilight. Ouco again Sir Gilbert Jforthlnw steps upon tho stago, closely followed1 by^-« skeleton, 'rile apparition is cortninly striking, lt gra- dually and almost imperceptibly evolves Itself out of tho air, and after various movoments vanishes with tho rapidity of a flash of light- ning. A second timo it comes and goes aa beforo, and immediately after appears o fumalo form, tho exact counterpart of Faith, tho widow'. Closely as tho oyo may watch tho operation of tho wholo pio coediug, it is impossible to detect tho Borneo of tho fmo optical delusion. Thoro tho figure cortninly stands, walks, and talks; but disappears as instantaneously ns if fashioned out of tho moro vapour of the air. On tho second nppenrunco of Widow Faith, or rather Widow Faith's ghost, Sir Gilbert Nortlilow takos courage and rising from bis sent, attacks her with tho sword. Bot the sharp stool, nlmod at a walking nnd spunking human figure, meets no resistance but thu empty air, and tho wolild-ho murderer is mocked by n loud sardonic lin, ha, ha 1 This is thc crisis af tho spectacle. While the Ba- ronet is making desperate efforts to grasp tho widow, tho spectre vanishes in thu twinkling of an oyo, lonving tho echo of a mocking voice resounding from afar. Whutovor the means by which this curious scene is effected it is undoubtedly a most clover and wonder- fully striking bit ol' slngo cll'ect. Thoso in want of a now sensation, can do nothing butter nt tho present moment than pay a visit tn tho Britannia Thoatro and to tho ' Putout Ghost.' " Tho Rockhampton separation movoinont lins boen frequently a subject ol' conversation hero amongst old " Moreton Bayers," and opinions, of course, aro various; but thu policy ol' conciliation is generally advocated, as, although thu Duke of Newcastle's views uro well known to hu adverse to further sepa- rations just now, tho promutiiro agitation ol' tho subject can hardly bu beneficial to Queensland. 