CURRENT TOPICS. Colonel Pitt and the hon. Billon Bell trill be in attendance at the Orderly Booms this fore noon, for the purpose of enrolling volunteers for New Zealand, We are informed that the Congregational Church, Mackillop-aTeet, have given a {cordial and unanimous invitation to the Kev W. Cuttle (lately arrived from Bristol, England) to become their pastor; the. rev gentleman has accepted the call of .the church, and will commence his stated labours to-morrow. The return match between the Geelong and Fitsroy clubs is fixed for Tuesday next', on the ground adjoining Kelly's Crown Hotel. An exciting game may be expected, and we hope to publish namea of players and other parti culars on Monday. The Assembly met last night, and made some amendments in the Municipalities Bill; but no report of the proceedings has come to hand. . . It was with extreme regret we heard yester day a report that Mr Thomas Alleu Lascelles had died at Now Zealand of gastric fever. The deceased gentleman was for many years a highly respectable member of society in this town, and his death will be regretted by a large circle of friends, to whom he had much : endeared himself. He has left a widow and young children to deplore his untimely end. The are rival ghosts in Geelong; one of them i will be raised in the Theatre to-night in illus tration of the old-fashioned play of Raymond and Agnes, or the Bleeding Nun. It has long .been the opinion that something very wonderful indeed would be required to draw a fair house at the Theatre, and the ghost, we suppose, is the practical realisation of the sentiment. We j novice that Mr Hydes will play, and such being the cage, we can guarantee that there will be sufficient merriment in the house to neutralise the terror. Mr Burgess, who is one of the staunchest supporters of the drama in Geelong, has lent his aid for the occasion. Pepper's Ghost, from the Melbourne Poly technic, is to be presented to the people of Gee long on Monday. Our Melbourne correspon dent states that, in consequence of the great success attending Mr Love's entertainment at the Polytechnic, the Iproprietors have n<'*t been able to bring on the Ghost there, and although it was exhibited for a few nights at the Princess' Theatre, creating great excitement, still the arrangement' had not been completed to perfection. Geelong will therefore have the first opportunity of seeing the great delusion in its proper/orm. Mr Martin, who introduces it, was engaged at the Polytechnic, in London, and after great succt sees there, made his way out here with it, hoping to reap a golden harvest therefrom. The Directors of the Newtown and Chil well Coal Prospecting Company met on Friday ' evening, when the following report, from the committee, of the boring operations was read: Report No 1 of Bore No 3. Black sand, yellow clay, black sand and grave , ., . « ... 28 feet Tough light fiae shale .. 13 Very soft sand stone with thin layers of shale and fine clay ... 6 Light brown shale, very tough .. 3 50 feet Morris and Holdswo&th;, Contractors. "We learn that the Skipfcon Bhow and Bale cf stock ou Thursday was a great "success. The iam? especially realising excellent prices—some of Mr Learmonth's averaging nearly L8 a head. By an arrival at Sydney from Auckland we have Auckland files to 17th instant giving six da)*a later from the seat of war. The details of a reconnoitering expedition up the Wakato river, will be found of interest. The enemy were found entrenched in force at a place called Meremere. It was confidently expected that General Cameron would very shortly attack the position. The troops and the militia Beem alike eager for active operations, the only fear expressed being that the enemy will not stand firm so as to give our troops a chance, of in flicting sufficient, chastisement. The news will be found in another column, as narrated from day to day by the special correspondents of the New Zealander. The Hawke's B*y natives, hitherto considered loyal, are now looked upon with suspicion, and the white settlers weie arming for mutual defence. t A rule nisi for a new trial waB granted in the Term Court on Thursday, in the action Hodg kinson v. Ciough. Tne rule was obtained on the ground that the damages given by the jury were excessive, and that evidence had been improperly rejected. Another ground was men tioned, namely, that one of the witnesses who swore that Mr Ciough had given him instruc tions to arrest Mr Hodgkinson had since dis covered that he was mistaken. The Court refused to entertain the proposition, alleging that to do so would open the door to witnesses being tampered with. Mr Tempest has juat received some new patent milkiDg machines, the patent of James M*Ewan and Co, of Melbourne. This machine consists of a bucket or tub, at one side of which are attached four india rubber receptacles for the four teats of the cow These are worked by exhausting an air receiver, and are supposed to draw the milk from the animal by gentle ! and regular pressure. As the milk 19 drawn it ! flows into the tub or bucket. These machines j have been highly spoken of by persons who have j tried them. The complete returns of the scoring in the late trials for the selection of a Victorian ten to represent the colony in the Intercolonial Iiifie Match show greatly in favour of the country corps as compared with the metropolitan corps. The highest single score made during the matches was obtained by Private Greenfield, of Ballarat, who scored 110. The highest total score is that of Corporal Newlands, of Castle maiue, who secured G83 marks, and the highest average is that of Sergeant Sleep, of Ballarat, whose scoring equals 101 marks per match. The highest Melbourne average 'was that of Sergeant Wright, who obtained eighty s'x marks per match, only two of the country competitors fall below this figure. ! At a meeting t>f the Council of the Rille Asso ciation ht Id on Thursday, it was resolved that the twenty-two highest scorers in the late trials should further compete on two occasions, in Order that the council may be enablid to make the final selection. Eleven country volunteers will be pitted against the same number of town m-rksmen. The match is to take place at one 0: the Melbourne Butts, and the following list will show the competitors -Ballarat—Sergeant Sleep, Sergeant Dixce, Sergeant Mutnby, and Private Greenfield. Castlemaine — Captain Couchman, Corporal Newlands, and Corporal Cochran, Geelong—Lieutenant Colonel Kede and Sergeant Middlemiss. Sandhurst—Private Macartney and Private Walters. Melbourne— Serjeant Wright, Sergeant Templeton, Ser geant Douglas, Sergeant Lacey, Corporal John ston, Corporal Scott, Private Cole, Private M'Clure,Private M/Naughton, Private Fawcett, ar.d Private Kelson. Some contradictory reports being in circu lation as to the course taken by the Crown Law officers in the case " M'Cann v. Sidders," we have been requested to publish the following correspondence:— Geeloug, 31st Aug., 1883. To the Honorable the Attorney General. Sir,—-The Queen on prot. ofM'Cann v Siriders for libel. I have the honor to request that you will be good enough to inform tne whether any indictment has been preferred kj tbi* csie pgaioit IP? client, in order that I may be in a position to obtain a cop} of the same and file pleas thereto in dne coarse. I have the honor to be, otr, '• "■;1" Your most obed. servant, : ■ Author Got." Crown Law Offices, Melbourne, 2nd Sept, 1863. Sm,~Referiing to'your letter of the 29th ultimo, asking whether an iodicttuent has been preferred in !:the case of the Queen v Sidders on the prosecution , uf W. N. M'Cann. I hare the honor to inform you I that the Attorney-General has declined to interfere in the case. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your obedient Servant, A, Cholmlbt, Secretary. A. Gay, Esq., Geelong 