fj[c "?outlj lourtIct :ýtan~Lntrab.: FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25th, 1863 WE camnot help expressing our admiration of sweet sylvan Camberwell , now the head- quarters of Boroondara of the Shades, and our enjoyment of the festivities which re- sounded from beneath the roof-tree of the well-kept hostelrie of Host EASTAWAY -- the Camberwell Inn. What a great day for Cam- berwell was Wednesday, the 16th of Septem- ber, 1863! a red letter day in the calendar of its advancing glory iand importance. It can not boast for itself that it is a borough, nor that it has a Worshipful Mayor, nor that its residents are burgesses, like unto Hawthorn, with its vaunting tower' and its pretentious heraldic device in the unknown tongue --Ex umbra in Solem. But Camberwell has greater and more solid claims to our respect. It is not only the principal town of the odistrict of Borooudara, having bold and brave men - -true advocates of the rights of man -- within its limits, but it is also the retreat where, silenter than the silent shades, there assemble men brooding over the griefs which trouble them, viz,, the Road Board election, the defeat of the Land Bill, and an approaching election. A festivity was necessary to do away with these troublous circumstances; and behold, that ancient and truly honourable body the Order of F'oresters -- gave the desired relaxation. Had not the first anniversary of Court. Camberwell occurred at this opportune jucture to give lawful grounds for the exudation the "spirit," we fear that the dark broodings of some of our festive friends, would find vent in a very serious demonstration. We are thankful that those mystic opera tions which have been progressing these few mouths past inaider the :maigie. wand of the would-be C-ivil-E-nchanter have found fulfil ment, to ia certahli extent, ulnder the benign innfuenco of the phit!uth'ropic 'Fuoresters, although we do not think ny' member of the body will be blind to the operation. The very thin veil which covered tle designs of the mas qheraders could not be retained-the occasion iwas too triumpliant ; and in the dignified prc sence of tlhdillustrious senators whose peculiar. ly distinguished services hiave made theirnames and deeds equally .notorious, \we have heard w'ili,out own ears, in ,Camberwell, too, a guasi m eping of Forester? attempted to be. tuined intp a great political and religious pronuncia mento.... The knowledge we' have of some of those assembled, and the fameof others, would induce usBto Xb?lect thll th.ti Court df Fores tei.s niold inot be the place in which certain otlher iorthies would be allowed to air opin ions upon moot. points of aifflreifce between Foresters themselves. Mr. EDw Dns, the memn ber.for Collingwood, administered a reproof 'very well underitg~pd anld :ppreciated by some, but did it abash the festive brethren who were enthusiastic in tllb ieal cause which they met to promote? W o.eslll see. ur, EDBuARDs, as a well-.kbown' Forester, :might naturilly desire;io extend the :useful and.: meritorious objects of the sioidtjy : lbut why: shiould.. the Foreastrs' Court at Camberwell have the attention of two such legi?lantie celebrities as the dove of. Artirat and the ram's-horn of Jericho ? True, the price of the tickets three shillings and sixpnco 'each--and the cab fare, would not be ani extravagant expen ditiure, ior an unreasonable amount for stump orators on tramp to expendl on behalf of the general interests of the community ; but we very much doubt that Messrs. 3r'L;:hr,.ts and Davtr:s, M[.L.A.'s, invested so iluucl to benefit the Order of Foresterd, much less the secluded denizens of Camberwell. S:o accolt t o'demonistration as a raid of some of the uneasy? spirits who have 'striven to degrade the legitiimate action of Constitu tional Governmnent:in this colony, both with in its legihltitiv walls and elsewhero, and who, in their restlessness; rush to secluded out skirts to Yent their innocuous spleoen ; for as well migl t ProfebsorlP?t R ' t's ghost fi'ighton sane iner as thlose missionaries of absurdity impress a Camberwell audience with either respect or conflideneo. ltoutsra.n .HLs and thand n1w Land Bill; Mir. Sanctimonious ID.virs, MI.L.A. for, Avoca; the Vice-Chairman and the distriots anti diagonal "around"- "around," with other incongruous jocularities, formed jovial reasons' for the happy meeting being, oxtendlo ; but as.thlestate reasons for s'oxcellent a gather ing ro its mysterious' as 'tho ab?,eice of the Chairmen of the 'neighbouring "i Kindred So cietis," whose selgot gatheorings are ut p'ri vate residences anl devout places, we are not desi'ous of Saying more at present than that we do not. regret ibhe. trabsparent efforts of the first Forestiiis' annivw~ary at Camber well. The:Road Board meeting of Wednes day mist lfdvp' shlown, some geoilomon how utterly futile it is for secret- and dark con spiracies to produce any desired rsutilt for them, and that evon as "AIITOPHEL is among the conspirators' with A.nsieoMr," so shall his. counsel be tirned.intQ foolish ness. BY.asingular'cirqdiiinetnco a. return moved for. by 'Mr, Bra,,xsUr,. in the Boroondara Rdad Board some time since, was laidiupon the trible of the Board on Wedinesday, The return plaices in.a most fayourable light the conduct of.tlhe Board during tho years 1850 to 1801. We havde beon so long accustomed to listch to talej of: rbbeory and' spoliation perpetrated y' tlho lmspwthorn peoplo upon the Uyiortunta.o i.ooindi~rh.districth tlhat we have often been-ifmnost tempted to boliovo tlieroe\ Va..sohn'.?thi i thelu h oJierges; and we confess that : w?oore not preparbd for so fiit it cont0ul :icttio to 'those "taommmionuts as. that .gielt.y the retimrii befoir usi'Tu: Ai1essr.d. IlO mInd U,? l ? snt', noiuibre l'of the .vaibus eBoanls for so mu years, it was no (doubt a catuio oft'ilint seltl,41ngmatulation ; and, with the kuuwledg * they must haive had of tIme circum. staces o' tlhe o'ensi, it is sonowhlat surprising tha t:lco' should so long have suull'eed them. sclres to be taunted with 'having neglected the interests of the outlyting districti. From the return we gatlýr that the portion of the original district now known as Boroon-. daur, from 1856 to 1861-or-up to:the period of the"seAdratiaonof ?tawthorn aindKew from it-copri:iuted £50. 5§. 6gd, il rates, and that tleerp was expended upon it in works no. less a sum than,? ,i8h 6:18sf 10d. Hawtl4rn, contributed'rir", rhtes for."I ti ' siname tiie £1,403 8'3d aiid there ivhs' expended 1,_ sum of , 1026 od, i'lhe amiount of rates derived from Kew was £1,340 7s. 1,d., and the expenditure was £7,243 15s. 7d. With out working the sum into fractions, we shall find that for every 20s. of rates contributed by the district now under the charge of the Road.Board,there has beenexponded £20 14s.; Kew for every 20s. of rates has received back in works £5 8s. ; and Hawthorn, for a sinilar amount of rates, has received' £1 15s. G6d Thus it ivil be seen thaf.iusteº'of..3Iwthorn being th1e,spoiler, Boroondara ca&njustfy; claim that unenviable distinction.. This return gives a complete answer to thoso who hav ihitherto attempted to mislead the ratepayers;,and we trust it fill remove from their ininds the.im pression that Hawtlhorn has been the delin quent. Public bodies have always enough sins of omission and cbmmission' to answer for; but to have false accusations made against them wher praise and even gratitude 'are due, is, to put it in the mildest form, disreputable. SNo doubt the Board had good reasons for sliehding the money on the outlying roads, and we do not grudge Boroondara the amount it receivel,; but it is oily, right ? to: give the credit .to'athose to whom "it is.:due. !ilkr.. BLA?NKs?as has d one: well inlaying tlhis retuiri before us at such an oppor,tune moment,. es pecially as the subject of an union with IIaw thmrn is now being discussed. Boroondara 11a nothing to fear from Hawthorn if the coi:duct of its representatives in the past affl'crds any ground for forming a judgment relative to their future actions; and it .can only be to serve some sinister purpose that they have hitherto been subjected .to misro presentations, and comparisons drawn which are not in accordance with facts. ATe pricsdnie the' nit step will be to dis pute thb correctness. of the return, but from a long ipersonal acquaintance with the Secre tary we are,?cnyineed- he is too shrewd a'l hnd at -his bsiUness to be caughtl tripping in a mnatter of such importance as this. We cor dially commend the return to the attention of the members of the Board and the inhabitafits of the district. The facts sperk for them solves ; and in spite of all the cavilling which the document may excite, it certainly thlrows a now light on an old grievance. That all who choose may have an opportu nity of verifying the figures, we append a copy of the return, BOROONDABA. HAWTHORN. HEW. .... Peac Rate".. -d . -Bat e Year- Rates Expenditure -Rates. -Expenditure. R 1856-57 jiL 1399 8 11 Ni.- 1028 11 .7 Nil. 422 4 9' 1857-58 47 18 8 12 3 4 255 1. 8 482 0 0 140 9 .0 627 6- 4 i858---59 140 3 41 3262 15" 7 61113 0 1519 9 3 422 4 1 909 17 6 1859-60 169 4 3 5469 15 2 536 14- 7 3360 13 U 411 6 1J' 3031 17 0 1860-61 146 19 3 3322 15 10 Nil.. 31111 8 .366 8 2 252 10 0 TOTALS £504 5 61 13,466 1810 £1403 "9 3 £6,702 6 5 £1340 7 41 £7,243 15 7 