TOPICS OF THE DAY. return, I have the honor to the Sir Your obedient servant. G.W. BOWDLER. On Friday the Mayor of Adelaide and the Town Clerk attended on Major Bowdler at the Military Barracks, North-terrace, pursuant to a resolution of the City Council passed at their last meeting, to the effect that a complimentary address should be pre sented to the officers and men of the 40th Regiment prior to their departure for New Zealand. His Worship read the following letter:— "Cityof Adelaide, October 9, 1663. "Sir—Toe detachment of the 40th Begiment coder your command stationed in this colony being: about to leave for active service in New Zealand, t have, on behali of the Cor poration of the City or Adelaide, to express regret at their departure. It to. however, with much pleasure that lam enabled to bear testimony to tbe general (food conduct and civility which have at all times characterised them doting tbe period of their stay in this province. '?Trusting that under the guidance of an all-wise Provi dence tbe nnhappy disturbances which have pfrt^-fl our fellow-subjects in New Zealand may be brought to a speedy termination, end allow of the safe return of yourself and comp&ny; 411 hiiv* the bonor to be. Sir, "' Toon very truly, "Thos. Ekoxjsh. Varna. "To Major George William Bowdter. J 40th Regiment, Commanding H.&L;'e Troops in South Australia." Major Bowcfter then read the following re ply:— "Commandant's Office, Adelaide, 8 A? ?'October 9,1863. "Sir-On behalf or myself and also the officers, non commissioned officers, and men under my command, I hare much pleasure in thanking you, and alsotheCorpontion and citizens of the city of Adelaide, for the kind manner In which too nans expressed your regret at our departure for New Zealand. I feel much obliged and gratified at the rery complimentary way in which you have mentioned the con duct of the detachment of the 40th Begiment so lone stationed here, and who, I feel assured, cannot b !p leaving the place which for several years past has been their home, without feelings of sincere regret mtngipfl wjtfa those of pleasure at the thought of joining their comrades, said assisting in the suppression of the present war. " With the united thanks of myself, officers, Don-com missioned officers and men, for your kind wishes for our " Brevet Major 40th Begiment Commanding. " To His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide" The Major further expressed his sense of (be kind ness he had himself received in the colony, sad the pleasure he felt at the satisfaction the men of the 40th had given daring their stay here. He would read the letter of the Mayor and Corporation to the men in the course of the day, as owing to the hurry of preparation for leaving there had not been time to parade them to receive the Address. We publish in another column the important cor respondence with regard to the Yudanamntana Mining Company, which has taken place, and is pub lished in the Dauly Newt. We also publish a report of the special general meeting of the Yadanamutana Company, which was held at the London Tavern, on the 21st August. These documents we were com pelled to hold over yesterday morning, owing to other pressing demands on our space. The whole of the letters, as well as the statements made at the meeting, deserve careful perusal. The following extract from a letter written by Captain Tan Bees, of the Djambi, to Captain Douglas, j has been obligingly handed to us for publication:— "I did not go to Newcastle because there was a heavy swell outside the harbor, and of course it was dan gerous to pass the bar. I thought of tbe Orpheus, which on a similar occasion was wrecked; everyone advised me not to visit that harbor in the month of Jane with a ship of 19 feet. Though I gave my crew leave to land at different places, not one of them deserted; and as I had no sickness or death on board, and I picked np a sailor left behind by one of our merchantmen, I arrived at Batavia with one man more than I left Holland with. Please remember me kindly to Captain Hart, Mr. Button, and other friends. Tell Mr. Feake that I have forwarded samples of hb wine to our Government and to the Board of Trade; and to Captain Hart that the Muscovado sugar is now just as well made at Java, and of the same quality as the Mauritius sugar. It is already imported at Melbourne, and brings np the same price as the Mauritius. Some merchants told me here that the flour from Adelaide is too oily, too &t; for use here. Adelaide jams are delicious." Mr. J. B. Austin forwarded by the April mail to England several presentation copies of his book on the Mines. Amongst them was one to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, accompanied by a letter to Major Toesdale, the Prince's Equerry, begging the Major to request His Royal Highness* acceptance of a copy of the book, as the author believed Sis Royal Highness felt an interest in all that related to the resources or welfare of the British colonies. His Excellency Sir D. Daly kindly for warded tbe packet to Major Teesdale. Mr. Austin has since received the following reply from the gallant Major—" Abergeldie Castle, Aberdeenshire, August 11,1863. Sir—l beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th April, and also of (lie books accompanying it. I have, as you requested, presented your work on the Mines of South Australia to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, who has been pleased to accept it, and commands me to convey to you his thanks, and to assure you that you are not incorrect in believing that everything which tends to throw light upon tbe resources and welfare of the colony must ever be of tbe deepest interest to him. I am, &&, —Teesdaix." We perceive by advertisement in another column that the First Adelaide Rifles, with their band, meet at the Hamburg Hotel this day, to be present at tbe departure of the 40th for New Zealand. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Port Adelaide, convened by advertisement was held at Ford's Port Hotel, North-parade, on Friday after noon, for the purpose of taking steps to rees tablish tbe Port Adelaide Annnwl Regatta. Hu Worship the Mayor occupied the chair. There were about 30 gentlemen present. Resolutions were unani mously passed—" That it is desirable to reestablish the Port Regatta, and that it be held on the Ist January, 1864." A Committee was appointed, consisting of most of the gentlemen present, with power te. add to their number, to carry out the arrangement*; and a sub-committee, consisting of His Worship the Mayor, Captain Douglas, O'Halloran, Melville, and Young —Mr. Melville, Treasurer, and Mr. G. Connor as Secretary. It was also resolved that His Excellency the Governor be invited to act as Patron, and the Hon. John Hart as President. The Secretary re ported that the sum of £11 was in his hands from last regatta. Subscription lists were then opened, aad those present subscribed considerably over £30; thus making a start, with balance in hand, of nearly £50, and subscription lists were handed to those pre sent. The Committee meet again on Friday next. At the conclusion a vote of (banks was passed to the Chairman. On Friday, in the Insolvent Court, Michael Daly was granted a second-class certificate; and the dame class of certificate was granted to Samuel Franke. I Barrine'a entertainment on Friday evening was tolerably well attended, and the performances passed off successfully. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that this very clever performer gives an entertainment to-day at half-past 2 o'clock far the accommodation of families and schools, who will no doubt avail themselves of this opportunity of seeing the "flying man." Tbe comedy "Naval Engagements" and the Extravaganza were repeated at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evening, and passed off as usual most successfully. To-night the entertainments will com prise the three act comedy entitled " The Pride of the Market," in which Miss Gougenheim will sustain the part of Javotte. The extravaganza will also be per formed. We understand that Mr. Solomon has made arrangements for the appearance in Adelaide of the veritable and patent ghost of which wo have heard so much. ? [Advt.] —Holloway'b Pills.—Enjoyment o life.—When the blood is pure, its circulation perfect, and the nerves in good order, we are well. These Pills possess a marvellous power in securing these great tecrets of health by purifying-, regulating, and strengthening fluids and solids. HoUotray'e Pills can be confidently recommended to all persons suffering from disordered digestion or worried by nervous fancies or neuralgic pains. They correct acidity and heartburn, dispel sick headache, quicken tbe action of the liver, and act as alteratives and Rental aperients. The weak and delicate may take them without fear. Hollow-ay's Pills are emi nently serviceable to invalids of irritable constitution, as they raise tho action of every organ to its natural standard, and universally exercise a calming and eadative nfluence. g3f Messrs. Townsend, Botting, and Say request us to call special attention to their Sale, This Day, at 12 o'clock, of the Portable Engine and Saw- Mill complete, by Hornsby. It may be viewed befor* the ?i,?t the Baflway Goods Stod io?9.i Arch, 