A MODE fi THEATRÍOAL NOTICE, i ' : (Br oPB KrPKBÖPiTic.)' Tho now drama of " Florentia" tho Flabbergasted," (adapted from the French of Michael Angelo); was: " mi grand sucées,". and deservedly is ono bf the best and most original works ever submitted to public attenion by its author William Shnkspere, Esq;, who- sont it out ex- pressly to the ménagement. Mr llutTer was tho perfec- tion of a light comedy famished father, reminding us of Mr Paul Bedford es Hamlet. Mr Smith was himself, and Mr Brown was'amusing as tho murderer; while Mr Jonas as the Ghost was amusing.. The great sensation sceno in the last act but soven, where tho heroine is res- cued from the dustbin by her father's cow, is one of those striking bits of nature tllat tho lato Mr Kean would have ro veli ed in. Mr Swish was all that could be wished ns Dodger, and Squish HS Codger was everything that could bo desired. Mrs Boolo was agreeable as the fair De- borah, and Mrs Snoro was foir os tho agreeable Winfred. Afr Bellows'' imitation uf tho Jackass in the drawing-, room was not acting-, but nature. But what shall wo say of Mr Goward's " llottom" and Balls' Snout- they woro immense ! Tho Shipwreck'scune was remarkably, grand, and, but that the dust raised by tho raging billows nearly choked the audience," would havo "completely realizod tho notion of a barge hurrying to eternity. \ The costumes were the most objectionable fcnUire of tho pro- duction, which as its incidents occurred in tho days of Louis Philippe the fourteenth, would have boen more ap- propriately clothed in tho classical toga and Jack boots of the Romans, and we think that tho Ipeoachuaua Light would liuv'e been an improvement in tho Poop scene, yet taken on tho whola, -if tho piece had been totally dif- ferently cast, and the actors had spoken a little less of the author, it might have run for two or three nights, which it is quite impossible can happen uow. Loud calls for Slr Shakspere wore made at tho end of thc picco, and our litt lo friend Ryan apologized for his ab- sence, stating (though we didn't believe him) that he was not in tho house. " ' P.S.-Since writing tho. above, wo bear that the piece was not played at all, so our rcodors will bo kind enough not to read this till it come3 out, and BO Bave us further trouble. 