ST. GEORGE'S PAROCHIAL ASSOCIATION. The Rev. R. Wilson lectured before the members of this association, and their friends on Friday evening last, on the subject of " Church Music." The lecture was well written, and well-delivered, and showed that the lecturer was thoroughly versed in the subject on which he spoke. The choir of St. George's enabled him to give some practical illustrations both in regard to chanting and singing. After some introductory observations, shewing, among other things. that Christianity is not opposed to, but in harmony with science, and all mental culture, that it favors every legitimate and earnest essay after truth, in its many ramifications, and that, as was said by an eloquent writer, " music is not pure to the pure, but pare to all, and can only be made a means of harm when we add speech and sound the lecturer proceeded. " To analyse the mysterious charm of music and its wondrous power in the . soul of man might employ the profoundest enterprise of the acutest philosopher. It is marvellous to note the strong hold which memory retains of long ago" songs and snatches of melody. They may seem forgotten, the names may remain, and, we may desire at certain rare intervals to recall the music and without success, yet ever, and soon, they will come of themselves will start up, unasked of their own accord, will breathe themselves into being, and gladden and sudden us alternately with the thrilling voice of the past. It has been truly said that pictures, poetry, thoughts, hatreds, loves, promises, are all more fleeting than tunes. These we may let be buried for years. They never moulder in the grave. They come back as fresh as ever, showing the depth at which they have lain by the secret associations of joy or sorrow they bring with them There is no such pitiless invoker of the ghosts of the past as one bar of melody that has been connected with them. There is no such sigh escapes from the heart as that which follows in the train of some musical reminiscence. A secret intimate sympathy with nature and its occult influences, a sensitiveness of its manifold utterances, is characteristic of musical talent. Beethoven we are told loved to wander forth by himself. The hollow moanings of the coming storm the whistling of the agitated trees, the flowing streams, the gushing waterfall, the song of birds, the hunt of voices and the thousand things which fall upon the ear filled him with delight, and imbued Min with those wild wondrous combina- tions which astonish and please every lover of music. The grand compositions of Handel were suggested by the noise and hum of London, while Gluck was accustomed to have his pianoforte on a fine day aimed into some beautiful meadow fancying himself more capable of compos- ing when under the influence of flowers and sunshine. The eloquent Bossuet and the brilliant Curran prepared for any oratorical display by wild and extemporaneous airs upon the violincello. It is action and re-action music upon nature-nature upon music. The anecdote of Napoleon and the village bells is often cited. He was riding one day over the battle-fields, gazing, Blom, and, unmoved over the dying and the dead that strewed the ground by thousands round about him, when suddenly those evening bells struck up a merry peal ; the Emperor paused to listen. His heart was softened. Memory was busy with the past. He was no longer the conqueror of Austerlitz, but the happy school- boy of former years, and dismounting from his horse he seated himself on the stump of an old tree, and burst into tears And this reminds me", said the lecturer," of an incident far removed treat these quiet scenes in our adopted land. A friend of mine residing for a short time in Edinburgh, while in a music shop there, a man entered who was employed by the master of the shop sit mending musical instruments, &c.; His appearance told a tale of dissipation and consequent poverty, and he was then in a partially inebriated state. His object in coming was to get an advance of a few shillings a similar advance already made that morning had been squandered in drinking. The young man to whom he applied refused to comply, with kind decision, and the wretched applicant was sufficiently excited by drink to be peremptory and abusive. The former's lwillingtoprouioteanoisyscenein the shop, and to further disgrace the unfortunate drunkard, I had resort to a strange but effective mode of action. He knew his man. as the result proved. Seating himself at one of the open pianos he began playing with real feeling and touching simplicity, the gentle Scotch air 'Auld Robin,' keeping his eye the raeanwhile,fixed on the noisy intruder. The latter supporting himself against the counter began, almost instantaneously, to soften and recent, a visible tremor crept across his whole frame with convulsive, shuddering agitation, he rocked to and fro. The big tears rolled fast down his pallid sunken cheeks, and ere long he sobbed aloud with broken exclamations such as Thank ye, Mr. M. thank ye yo ken me well. He retreated with slouched head and bending gait out of the shop. That little air had recalled to the soul of the squalid spendthrift happier times and more innocent days, for he too, that Staggering profligate man, was once a child." The rest and pen tlemen then spoke of the necessity and advantage of a knowledge of church music on the part of the clergy, that they should cultivate a taste for the classical music of the Church of England, and obtain such an acquaintance with it so as to be enabled to regulate the performance of chanting and psalmody in their own churches. He also spoke on the subject of the proper qualifications of an organist-the selections of tunes and chants, voluntaries, and the parts of the service in which music should be introduced. We need scarcely say that the audience was well pleased with Mr. Wilson's lecture, and we hope the effect of it will be conducive to the study and practice of church music among the members of St. George's congregation, and others who had the advantage of hearing it. 