Our Chimney Book Tales for Country Readers. PRINCE GEORGE AND THE WATCHMAN. (From the German of Heinrich Zschokke.) [Continued from our last.] CHAPTER IV. HERE he was hastily addressed by a Mameluke—"I'm glad I have met you domino. Is the Rose-girl in the side- room?" The Mameluke rushed into it, but returned in a moment evidently dis- appointed. "One word alone with you, domino," he said, and led Philip into a window recess in a retired part of the hall. "What do you want?" asked Philip. "I beseech you," replied the Mameluke, in a subdued yet terrible voice, "where is the Rose-girl?" "What is the Rose-girl to me?" "But to me she is everything!" answer- ed the Mameluke, whose suppressed voice and agitated demeanour showed that a fearful struggle was going on within. "To me she is every thing. She is my wife. You make me wretched, prince! I conjure you, drive me not to madness. Think of my wife no more!" "With all my heart," answered Philip, drily; "what have I to do with your wife?" "Oh, prince, prince!" exclaimed the Mameluke, "I have made a resolve which I will execute if it cost me my life. Here! look at this! it is a note my false wife slipped into your hand, and which you dropped in the crowd, without having read." Philip took the note. It was written in pencil, and in a fine delicate hand "Change your mask. Everybody knows you. My husband watches you. He does not know me. If you obey me I will reward you." "Hem!" muttered Philip. "As I live, this was not written to me. I don't trouble my head about your wife." "Death and fury, prince! do not drive me mad! Do you know who it is that speaks to you? I am the Marshal Blankenswerd. Your advances to my wife are not unknown to me, ever since the last rout at the palace." "My Lord Marshal," answered Philip, "excuse me for saying that jealousy has blinded you. If you knew me well, you would not think of accusing me of such folly. I give you my word of honour, I will never trouble your wife." "Are you in earnest, prince ?" "Entirely." "Give me a proof of this." "Whatever you require." "I know you have hindered her until now from going with me to visit her relations in Poland. Will you persuade her to do so now ?" "With all my heart, if you desire it." "Yes, yes! and your royal highness will prevent inconceivable and unavoidable misery." The Mameluke continued for some time, sometimes begging and praying, and sometimes threatening so furiously, that Philip feared he might make a scene before the whole assembly that would not have suited him precisely. He therefore quitted him as soon as possible. Scarcely had he lost himself in the crowd, when a female, closely wrapped in deep mourning, tapped him familiarly on the arm, and whispered—"Butterfly, whither away? Have you no pity for the disconsolate widow?" Philip answered very politely, "Beauti- ful widows find no lack of comforters. May I venture to include myself among them?" "Why are you so disobedient? and why have you not changed your mask?" said the Widow, while she led him aside, that they might speak more freely. "Do you really fancy, prince, that every one here does not know who you are?" "They are very much mistaken in me, I assure you," replied Philip. "No indeed," answered the Widow, "they know you very well, and if you do not change your apparel, I shall not speak to you again the whole evening. I have no desire to give my husband an oppor- tunity of making a scene." By this Philip discovered whom he was talking with. "You were the beautiful Rose-girl: are your roses withered so soon?" "What is there that does not wither ? not the constancy of man? I saw you when you slipped off with the Carmelite. Acknowledge your inconstancy—you can deny it no longer." "Hem," answered Philip, drily, "ac- cuse me if you will, I can return the ac- cusation." "How, pretty butterfly ?" "Why, for instance, there is not a more constant man alive than the marshal." "There is not indeed !—and I am wrong, very wrong to have listened to you so long. I reproached myself enough, but he has unfortunately discovered our flirtation." "Since the last rout at court, fair Widow—" "Where you were so unguarded and particular, pretty butterfly!" "Let us repair the mischief. Let us part. I honour the marshal, and for my part, do not like to give him pain." The Widow looked at him for some time in speechless amazement. "If you have indeed any regard for me," continued Philip, "you will go with the marshal to Poland, to visit your relations. It is better that we should not meet so often. A beautiful woman is beautiful—but a pure and virtuous woman is more beautiful still." "Prince!" cried the astonished Widow, "are you really in earnest! Have you never loved, or have you all along deceived me?" "Look you," answered Philip, "l am a tempter of a peculiar kind. I search con- stantly among women to find truth and virtue, and it is seldom I encounter them. Only the true and virtuous can keep me constant—therefore I am true to none; but no! I will not lie—there is one that keeps me in her chains—I am sorry, fair Widow, that that one—is not you!" "You are in a strange mood to-night, prince," answered the widow, and the trembling of her voice and heaving of her bosom showed the working of her mind. "No," answered Philip, "I am in as rational a mood to-night as I ever was in my life. I wish only to repair an injury; I have promised to your husband to do so." "How!" exclaimed the Widow, in a voice of terror, "you have discovered all to the marshal?" "Not everything," answered Philip, "only what I know." The Widow wrung her hands in the extremity of agitation, and at last said, "Where is my husband?" Philip pointed to the Mameluke, who at this moment approached them with slow steps. "Prince," said the Widow, in a tone of inexpressible rage—"Prince, you may be forgiven this, but not by me ! I never dreamt that the heart of man could be so deceitful—but you are unworthy of a thought. You are an impostor! My husband in the dress of a barbarian is a prince; you in the dress of a prince are a barbarian. In this world you see me no more." With these words she turned proudly away from him, and going up to the Mameluke, they left the hall in deep and earnest conversation. Philip laughed quietly, and said to himself "My substi- tute, the watchman, must look to it, for I do not play my part badly; I only hope when he returns he will proceed as I have begun." He went up to the dancers, and was delighted to see the beautiful Carmelite up in a set with the overjoyed Brahmin. No sooner did the latter perceive him, than he kissed his hand to him, and in dumb show gave him to understand in what a blessed state he was. Philip thought "It is a pity I am not to be prince all my life-time. The people would be satisfied then; to be a prince is the easiest thing in the world. He can do more with a single word than a lawyer with a four hours' speech. Yes! but if I were a prince, my beautiful Rose would be—lost to me for ever. No! I would not be a prince." He now looked at the clock, and saw it was half past eleven. The Mameluke hurried up to him and gave him a paper. "Prince," he ex- claimed, "I could fall at your feet and thank you in the very dust; I am recon- ciled to my wife. You have broken her heart; but it is better that it should be so. We leave for Poland this very night, and there we shall fix our home. Fare- well! I shall be ready whenever your royal highness requires me, to pour out my last drop of blood in your service. My gratitude is eternal. Farewell!" "Stay," said Philip to the marshal, who was hurrying away, "what am I to do with this paper ?" "Oh ! that? 'Tis the amount of my loss to your highness last week at hazard. I had nearly forgotten; but, before my departure, I must clear my debts. I have endorsed it on the back." With these words the marshal disappeared. CHAPTER V. Philip opened the paper, and read, in it an order for five thousand dollars. He put it in his pocket, and thought, "Well, it's a pity that I'm not a prince." Some one whispered in his ear, "Your royal highness, we are both discovered. I shall blow my brains out." Philip turned round in amazement, and saw a negro at his side. "What do you want, mask," he added, in an unconcerned tone. "I am Colonel Kalt," whispered the Negro. "The marshal's wife has been chattering to Duke Herman, and he has been breathing fire and fury against us both." "He is quite welcome," answered Philip. "But the king will hear it all," sighed the Negro. "This very night I may be arrested, and carried to a dungeon. I'll sooner hang myself." "No need of that," said Philip. "What! am I to be made infamous for my whole life? I am lost, I tell you. The duke will demand entire satisfaction, His back is black and blue yet with the marks of the cudgelling I gave him. I am lost and the baker's daughter too. I'll jump from the bridge, and drown myself at once!" "God forbid!" answered Philip. "What have you and the baker's daughter to do with it?" "Your royal highness banters me, and I am in despair! I humbly beseech you to give me two minutes' private conversa- tion." Philip followed the Negro into a small boudoir, dimly lighted up with a few candles. The Negro threw himself on a sofa, quite overcome, and groaned aloud. Philip found some sandwiches and wine on the table, and helped himself with great relish. "I wonder your royal highness can be so cool on hearing this cursed story. If that rascally Salmoni was here, who acted the conjuror, he might save us by some contrivance; for the fellow was a bunch of tricks. As it is, he has slipped out of the scrape." "So much the better," interrupted Philip, replenishing his glass. "Since he has got out of the way, we can throw all the blame on his shoulders." "How can we do that? The duke, I tell you, knows that you, and I, and the marshal's wife, and the baker's daughter were all in the plot together, to take ad- vantage of his superstition. He knows that it was you that engaged Salmoni to play the conjuror; that it was I that instructed the baker's daughter (with whom he was in love) how to inveigle him into the snare; that it was I that enacted the ghost that knocked him down, and cudgelled him till he roared again. If I had only not carried the joke too far! But I wished to cool his love a little for my sweetheart. 'Twas a devil- ish business. I'll take poison." "Rather swallow a glass of wine—'tis delicious," said Philip, taking another tart at the same time; "for, to tell you the truth, my friend, I think you are a white-livered sort of a colonel, to think of hanging, drowning, shooting, and poisoning yourself about such a ridiculous story as that. One of these modes would be too much; but as to all four—non- sense. I tell you at this moment I don't know what to make out of your tale." "Your royal highness, have pity on me —my brain is turned. The duke's page, an old friend of mine, has told me this very moment that the marshal's wife, inspired by the devil, went up to the duke, and told him that the trick played on him at the baker's house was planned by Prince George, who opposed his marriage with his sister; that the spirit he saw was myself, sent by the princess to be a witness of his superstition; that your highness was a witness of his des- cent into the pit after hidden gold, and of his promise to make the baker's daughter his mistress, and also to make her one of the nobility immediately after his marriage with the princess. 'Do not hope to gain the princess; it is useless for you to try!' were the last words of the marshal's wife to the duke." "And a pretty story it is!" muttered Philip. "Why, behaviour like that would be a disgrace to the meanest of the people. I declare there is no end to these devil- ries." "Yes, indeed; 'tis impossible to behave more meanly than the marshal's lady. The woman must be a fury. My gracious lord, save me from destruction." "Where is the duke?" asked Philip. "The page told me he started up on hearing the story, and said, 'I will go to the king.' And if he tells the story to the king in his own way—" "Is the king here, then?" "Oh, yes; he is at play in the next room with the archbishop and the minister of police." Philip walked with long steps through the boudoir. The case required consider- ation. 'Your royal highness," said the Negro, "protect me! Your own honour is at stake. You can easily make all straight; otherwise, I am ready, at the first intima- tion of danger, to fly across the border. I will pack up! and to- morrow I shall expect your last commands as to my future behaviour." With these words, the Negro took his leave. CHAPTER VI. "It is high time I were a watchman again," thought Philip. "I am getting both myself and my substitute into scrapes he will find it hard to get out of. And this makes the difference between the peasant and the prince! One is no better off than the other. Good heavens! what stupid things these court lords are doing, which we do not dream of, with our lanthorn and staff in hand, or when at the spade! We think they lead the lives of angels, without sin or care. Pretty piece of business! Within one half-hour I have heard of more rascally tricks than I ever played in my whole life. And—" But his reverie was interrupted by a whisper. "So lonely, prince! I consider myself happy in having a minute's conversation with your royal highness." Philip looked at the speaker; and he was a miner, covered over with gold and jewels. "But one instant," said the mask. "The business is pressing, and deeply concerns you." "Who are you?" inquired Philip. "Count Bodenlos, the Minister of Finance, at your highness's service," answered the miner, and showed his face, which looked as if it were a second mask, with his little eyes and copper-coloured nose. "Well, then, my lord, what are your commands?" "May I speak openly? I waited on your royal highness thrice, and was never admitted to the honour of an audience; and yet—heaven is my witness—no man in all this court has a deeper interest in your royal highness than I have." "l am greatly obliged to you," replied Philip. "What is your business just now? But be quick." "May I venture to speak of the house of Abraham Levi?" "As much as you like." "They have applied to me about the fifty thousand dollars which you owe them, and threaten to apply to the king. And you remember your promise to his majesty when last he paid your debts." "Can't the people wait?" asked Philip. "No more than the Brothers, gold- smiths, who demand their seventy-five thousand dollars." "It is all one to me. If the people won't wait for their money, I must—" "No hasty resolution, my gracious lord! I have it in my power to make everything comfortable, if—" "Well, if what?" "If you will honor me by listening to me one moment. I hope to have no difficulty in redeeming all your debts. The house of Abraham Levi has bought up immense quantities of corn, so that the price is very much raised. A decree against importation will raise it three or four per cent, higher. By giving Abraham Levi the monopoly, the business will be arranged. The house erases your debt, and pays off your seventy-five thousand dollars to the goldsmiths, and I give you over the receipts. But everything depends on my continuing for another year at the head of the finance. If Baron Griefensack succeeds in ejecting me from the ministry, I shall be unable to serve your royal highness as I could wish. If your high- ness will leave the party of Griefensack, our point is gained. For me it is a matter of perfect indifference whether I remain in office or not—I sigh for repose; but for your royal highness it is a matter of great moment; if I have not the mixing of the pack, I lose the game." Philip for some time did not know what answer to make. At last, while the finance minister, in expectation of his reply, took a pinch out of his snuff- box, set with jewels, Philip said, "If I rightly understand you, Sir Count, you would starve the country a little, in order to pay my debts. Consider, sir, what misery you will cause. And will the king consent to it?" "If I remain in office, I will answer for that my gracious lord. When the price of corn rises, the king will, of course, think of permitting importation; and prevent exportation, by levying heavy imposts. The permission to do so is given to the house of Abraham Levi, and they export as much as they choose. But, as I said before, if Griefensack gets the helm, nothing can be done. For the first year he would be obliged to attend strictly to his duty, in order to be able afterwards to feather his nest at the expense of the country. He must first make sure of his ground. He is dread- fully grasping!" "A pretty project!" answered Philip. "And how long do you think a finance minister must be in office before he can lay his shears on the flock to get wool enough for himself and me?" "Oh, if he has his wits about him, he may manage it in a year." "Then the king ought to be counselled to change his finance minister every twelve months, if he wishes to be faith- fully and honourably served." "I hope, your royal highness, that since I have had the exchequer the king and court have been faithfully served." "I believe you, count; and the poor people believe you still more. Already they scarcely know how to pay their rates and taxes. You should treat us with a little more consideration, count." "Us! Don't I do everything for the court?" "No, I mean the people. You should have a little more consideration for them." "I appreciate what your royal highness says; but I serve the king and the court —the people are not to be considered. The country is his private property; and the people are only useful to him as increasing the value of his land. But this is no time to discuss the old story about the interests of the people. I beg your royal highness' answer to my pro- positions. Shall I have the honour to discharge your debts on the above specified conditions? Answer me?" "Never, never!—at the expense of hundreds and thousands of starving families." "But, your royal highness, if, in ad- dition to the clearance of your debts, I make the house of Abraham Levi present you with fifty thousand dollars in hard cash? I think it may afford you that sum. The house will gain so much by the operation, that—" "Perhaps it may be able to give you also a mark of its regard." "Your highness is pleased to jest with me. I gain nothing by the affair. My whole object is to obtain the protection of your royal highness." "You are very polite!" "I may hope, then, prince?" "Count, I will do my duty; do you yours." "My duty is to be of service to you. To-morrow I shall send for Abraham, and conclude the arrangement with him; I shall have the honour to present your royal highness with the receipt for all your debts, besides the gift of fifty thousand dollars." "Go; I want to hear no more of it." "And your royal highness will honour me with your favour? For, unless I am in the ministry, it is impossible for me to deal with Abraham Levi so as—" "I wish to heaven you and your ministry and Abraham Levi were all three on the Blocksberg! I tell you what— unless you lower the price of corn, and take away the monopoly from that in- fernal Jew, I'll go this moment and reveal your villany to the king, and get you and Abraham Levi banished from the country. See to it—I'll keep my word!" Philip turned away in a rage, and proceeded to the dancing-room, leaving the minister of finance petrified with amazement. [To be continued.'] Land Regulations supplementary to those proclaimed on the 28th January, 1860. THE Land Regulations of Western Aus- tralia, proclaimed by the Governor of the said Colony on 28th January, 1860, shall henceforth be taken to be altered and amended as follows, in the particular chapters and clauses thereof hereinafter set forth, viz.:— CHAPTER I. Regulations as to the sale of Waste Lands. CLAUSE 6.— Mineral lands shall be sold at a fixed price of £5 per acre. 7.— The maximum size of a mineral lot of land shall be 80 acres. 9.— Mineral lots shall be paid for by depositing £1 per acre on the date of an application to purchase, and the like amount on or before the same date in each of the succeeding four years, together with the fee for title deed and enrolment at the time of making the last of those payments, or the purchaser of a mineral lot may, at any time within the four years, complete his purchase by paying any balance of £5 per acre due thereon, together with the title-deed fee; where- upon, but not sooner, the full title to the land purchased will be granted. Failure in making any one of the annual pay- ments herein mentioned, shall involve for- feiture of the land, and of all deposits, improvements, or ores whatsoever in or upon it. On due payment of each instal- ment as aforesaid, the purchaser shall have the full and exclusive use of the land purchased for and during the term of one complete year thence next ensuing, for mining, or for any other purpose, except that of alienation. Lands known or supposed to contain coal, or gold, silver, and other precious metals, cannot be claimed as mineral lots. The pur- chaser of a mineral lot of land comprised within the limits of a tillage lease, or within a Class B lease, shall deposit at the time of sale the full amount of compensation for any existing improve- ments on the land applied for; such amount to be estimated in the manner hereinafter provided. CHAPTER II. Regulations as to the division of the Country. CLAUSE 1.— The north and east districts of the Colony, as defined in a notice of 23rd December, 1862, in the Government Gazette, shall not be included in the classification of country described in this chapter. 2.— The north boundary of the lands at present in Class A, shall be the River Murchison downwards to the sea from the great southern bend of that river below the Geraldine Mine. 3.— Class A shall comprehend all un- sold portions of Class B leases, or of Tillage leases, within the outer limits of Class A, which may become vacant by forfeiture, abandonment, or effluxion of time; together with all unappropriated land which may from time, to time be removed into Class A by proclamation of the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council. 4.—For the division of the country in the north and east districts, see Chap. 8. CHAPTER III. Regulations as to Pastoral Licenses in Class A. CLAUSES 5 AND 8.— A purchaser of Crown land, or the holder of not less than ten acres of fee simple land, within the limits of the land described in a Class A license, shall have the right of de- pasturing within such limits, so long as the same shall be let for pastoral purpose only, either horned cattle or horses, (not being bulls or stallions), at the rate of one head for every ten acres so purchased or held in fee. 6.— Purchasers, or other holders of fee simple land within the limits of Class A licenses, shall have no claim for trespass of stock, unless committed within lands that may at the time of trespass be properly fenced. CHAPTER IV. Regulations as to Pastoral Leases in Class B. CLAUSE 5.— Purchasers of land within the the boundaries of Class B leases, granted under these regulations, shall have the right of depasturing horned cattle and horses, not being bulls or stallions, in the proportion of one head for every ten acres so purchased over the unenclosed portions of such first- named land, during the time such portions shall be let for pastoral purposes; but this right shall be subject to the pre-emptive right of the lessees, as well as the power of the Crown to grant any Such portion or any part thereof in fee or for a term on tillage lease. 6.—Purchasers of land within the limits of Class B leases shall have [no claim for trespass by stock, unless com- mitted within lands that may at the time of trespass be properly fenced. 8.— The rent to be paid for a Class B lease shall be £5 per annum, with an addition at the rate of ten shillings per annum for every thousand acres com- prised in such lease. 11.— On the lands comprised within limits of a Class B lease being reduced in quantity by purchase, resumption, or otherwise, to the total extent of 1,000 acres or more, a corresponding abatement shall be made in the charge for acreage during succeeding years, if applied for by a lessee previous to the next rent day. 12.— No holder of a Class B lease granted under these regulations, or under those of January, 1860, shall have a right of renewal: but leases or licenses for a further term will, on approved applica- tion, be granted preferably to all existing lessees, with or without amended boun- daries, and under such regulations and conditions as may then be in force. CHAPTER V. Miscellaneous Regulations. CLAUSE 7.— Nothing in any Class B lease to be granted under these regula- tions is to prevent the Governor from making grants or sales of any lands com- prised in such lease for public purposes, nor from entering upon and disposing of in such other manner as for the public interest may seem best, such lands as may be required for any of the public uses enumerated in Clause 2 hereinbefore last mentioned. 8.— Lands applied for previous to sur- vey shall be selected in one uniform block or parallelogram, not exceeding in length three times its width, with opposite boundaries parallel to each other, (except with reference to water- courses or roads), and lying in the same direction as those of other lands granted or leased by the Crown in the same district. l8.— The Government reserves the right to lay out, declare, open, and make, either permanently or for temporary use, public roads through any land leased or licensed; also to take away any indigenous produce, rock, or soil required for public purposes; to cut and remove timber, sandal-wood, and other woods, from lands under pastoral lease or license, or to issue licenses for cutting and removing the same therefrom; to sell any mineral land comprised within the limits of any pastoral or tillage lease whatever; or with the written consent of the lessee, and notwithstanding his pre-emptive right, to sell any other portion of such lease, at any time, and with right of immediate entry; to depasture on any unenclosed land under lease or license any horses or cattle in the employ of the Government, while working on or passing over the said land; together with a right for any person or persons to pass over such unenclosed land, with or without horses, stock, or conveyances, while travelling from one part of the country to another, on all necessary occasions. 19.— The aboriginal natives shall have a right to enter upon any unenclosed land comprised within the limits of any pas- toral or tillage lease, or upon any part of a Class A license, for the purpose of seeking their subsistence therefrom in their accustomed manner; and any per- son whatever shall have the right of examining the mineral capabilities of any pastoral lease or license, and of doing all things necessary for the purpose of such examination; paying, nevertheless, to the lessee full compensation for any damage accruing to him therefrom. Directions for obtaining Pastoral Land. 15.— Any other person than the lessee of a Class B lease under the order in Council of 22nd March, 1850, who may desire to purchase any portion (not mineral) of the land comprised in such lease, can do so by forwarding with his application the written consent of such lessee to the purchase. Without that consent, any such person as aforesaid can purchase within such lease only at the end of any complete year of the lease, and subject to the prior pre- emptive right of the lessee thereof to purchase the land applied for at the fixed price of ten shillings per acre. 17.— All the rules and regulations contained in the order in Council last aforesaid, and in the Government notice of 1st November, 1851, in connexion therewith, as also in the proclamation of 28th January, 1860, shall remain in full force with reference to all leases and licenses granted or renewed under their authority; except inasfar as ordinary country lands shall be sold at the fixed price of ten shillings per acre, and in lots of not less than forty, acres; mineral lands shall be sold at the fixed price of £5 per acre, and in lots of not less than 80 acres; the limits of Class A land may be varied by proclamation; tillage leases may be granted within pastoral leases with the consent of the lessee; lands within pastoral and tillage leases may, with the like consent, be sold at any time to others than the lessees; timber, sandalwood, and firewood, within a tillage lease, shall be used only by the lessee or for public purposes; enclosed portions of tillage and pastoral leases shall not be public thoroughfares; and the annual rent for all tillage leases shall be one shilling per acre. CHAPTER VI. Regulations as to Tillage Leases. 1.— Tillage leases shall be granted to such persons as the Governor thinks fit, for any term not exceeding eight years, and without auction. 4— The Governor shall sell to a lessee in actual occupation of lands under a tillage lease, or to any other person with the written consent of such lessee, any part of such lands (not being mineral, nor less than 40 acres), at the price for the time being chargeable for ordinary country lands. 5— Lands within a tillage lease which may be known or supposed to contain minerals, shall be sold to the first ap- proved applicant for the same, in manner prescribed in Clause 9, Chapter 1, of these Regulations; the purchaser being required to compensate the lessee for any existing improvements, in the manner hereinbefore provided, before he shall be authorised to occupy the land. 6— With the exception of mineral lands, no land comprised within the limits described in a tillage lease shall, during the currency thereof, be sold otherwise than to the lessee of such tillage lease, or to others with his written consent. 7.— Lands available for general se- lection on tillage lease, comprise all the wastelands of the Crown open to loca- tion, and not included within any public reserve; nor within the limits described in a Class B lease, without the written consent of the lessee thereof. 10— An abatement of rent for suc- ceeding years shall be made for any part of a tillage lease purchased, or resumed for public purposes, during its currency; provided application for each abatement be addressed to the Surveyor-General before the next rent-day, for the Gover- nor's approval; and provided, also, that in no case the annual rent for any such lease be thereby reduced below the sum of £5. CHAPTER VII. Regulations for the issuing of Licenses to cut timber on the Waste Lands of the Crown. No alterations proposed. CHAPTER VIII. Regulations as to the North and East Districts. 1.— The portions of Western Australia affected by this Chapter shall be de- signated: First— The NORTH DISTRICT: bounded on the west and north by the sea coast, including the islands adjacent to it; and on the south by the River Murchison, and by a true east line through the summit of Mount Mur- chison: Second— The EAST DISTRICT: comprised between the longitudes 121 deg. and 129 deg. East, and between the lati- tude 30 deg. South and the South coast, including the adjacent islands. 2.— The land in these districts shall be divided into Classes A and O; Class A lands being for annual license, and those in Class C for more extended occupation. Class A shall comprise all land within two miles of the sea-coast, including the adjacent islands; and Class C shall be the remainder. 3.— Permission to proceed to the North or East District, for the purpose of occu- pying land under these Regulations, shall be obtained by making application in the Form S, in the Appendix hereto. Such permission shall be valid for twelve months from its date. 4.— Free pasturage for the stock enu- merated in an application, and for their natural increase, shall be allowed on the unappropriated lands of the district re- ferred to, for the space of twelve months from the date of their, arrival therein; and within this period, runs not exceeding (100,000) one hundred thousand acres for any one establishment, may be se- lected in one uniform shape, and be reported in the Form T for approval 5.— Any person claiming such a run, shall forward to the Surveyor-General with MB application for the same, a cer- tificate, signed by some creditable person, of the date on which the stock enumerated in the Governor's permission to proceed to such district actually arrived therein, either by land or by water. 6.— On the Governor's approval of such selection and certificate, a license (in the Form U annexed) free of rent, and not transferable, shall be issued for the occu- pation of the land selected, for the term of three years, to commence from the end of the twelve months hereinbefore last mentioned. 7.— At any time within the three years last named, the lawful occupant of any run shall be permitted to select within such run lots of land not exceeding (20,000) twenty thousand acres each. Any such selections of Class C land shall, on approval, be granted on pastoral lease for eight years, to commence on the first of January next following the date of application; and similar selections of Class A land within a run shall, on ap- proval, be granted on annual license, subject to renewal from year to year, at the option of the Government. 8.— Class C leases shall be chargeable with one fee of £5 each at their com- mencement, together with five shillings per thousand for the acreage therein, for each of the first four years, and ten shil- lings per thousand acres for each of the second four years. Class A licenses shall be charged at the same rates for acreage, but no license fee. All payments to be in advance. 9.— Leases and Class A licenses shall be transferable while chargeable with rent, on its being shown to the satisfac- tion of the Governor, that the lands described in them have been properly stocked. 10— Runs or leases may be resumed, either wholly or in part, for public pur- poses, or for sale, on giving twelve months' notice; but compensation shall in such case be given, according to va- luation or agreement, for any lawful improvements existing on the lands des- cribed in a lease chargeable with rent at the time of giving such notice. 11.— During the free occupation of a run, and during the first year of a lease, the lawful occupant of the same shall be allowed a right to cultivate; but no claim for damages by trespass of stock - shall be admissible, unless the land tres- passed upon shall have been properly fenced. 12.— In all other respects the disposal and tenure of the Crown lands in the North and East Districts will be gov- erned by the provisions of the existing Land Regulations. l8.— No protection or Government es- tablishment will be guaranteed to the public, until deemed expedient by the Government. APPENDIX. (The same as attached to the proposed New Land Regulations, complete.) 