THSAT&ICilLS; AND MUSIC THE. 4 THE UOT41. Mr. Sullirnn firs-t appeared in London in tlie cl ornoter of Hunilft, nnd tlo freahne.in anil oripiii- nlity of Ins nclinj; iu llio ntirt took the tlientrical world by surprise, for ha disrnr.lcd the ra»a! venornblo conventionalities which did not occonl with his own carefully-iudEinp; estimato n{ their Hiillnlmity and nnprnpriataiicsj ; mid in nlnrn ol mom lie sniisututtd n natural m»nner which, bosi'iis being Infinitalv more nc&ptable; to common aentc, \r.w nunii^liy iho pnviuctiun of nn intolli- ; front, thoui;litluliiiind,ccou)ijingil6olf with aereat subject, t» wliopo complete investigation the most elevated powcr tulfiht proiHnbly employ them selveB. Tlie olii dclcclus proverb about nolioi'y being who nt all limos, in.iy, by nn extended application of tlie juinclplr, bo accepted fts ex planatory of tho truth Hint cvory nctor, no nmttdr what liis iltur^e, is mori! ciiVciivo In snine clmrnclers iluii in others ; en that it is no ills pnrageinent tf Mr. .Sullivan's undoubtedly grout talents to My that IiIb Hnnilet U ninongtho brut, if nut absolutely the beat, nf till hia impersonn. liona ; nnd thai tlmu|rh opinions mny be iu con flict i.s 10 Ihe merit -t lomc of tbo other ch&rnc-; tcrs Included in ).ls rctierlorr, there cannot, save in tbe -niwt bi.isoi! and xptcblly-pri-iiidiced minds, bon'.y limitation in concluding tint hU portmft ot tho Danluli prinoo is oi sinjitUr ex cellence. It U pre-eminently acholmly, using the word in its mo»t exptos'ivo nn'l least barknejfil sense. It iibounils nith e.-e-ni|-)e« mgeesiivo of the most critlcul examination of tlio text, nnd it isiinpo«Mblo not to ho impressed wilb the oun- I scio'ifiiisa Hint AScmpulouK reitnrd for Iho true ?iue»niup into, ilcdlobo convoyed hythoirimmort til author, haa guided !ho actor in dotormini'UK tbo I weight to bit attnehod to particular phro°es, or] s,7Cctal induing to he communicated by modifica tions of punctuation. And that important nlt'j-Ations miiy bo clTecUd by theso mentis, it u nlmcst ncfdle-.i to r.'nmtk (but civil ordinary rcadsrs of Shnlt-pe.'ire — cot to speak of diligent sludrnls— will amnU. Nor ia Mr. Stillivnn's nioo TfL'nrd for the true proprieties ot tho chsrnnter less apparent in tho ubo of thofc postures and nllliut'es which, wLch judiciously employed a- ndjiiraiits of tho sense of tbo ttxt, constitute uiotorial aids ia oou vying its proper uiCMiinir to the listener. In fine, ho lua devoted blnuolf to Oio study of the part with cntliujinsm, tempered by inlclli Rcnce, and the lejult not only justifies his exertions, but remleni hrck to Llrn the BubElau tl»l reword of hi^li r.nd general coiumoiidmlon. With becowing consUti ucy, Mr. Hullivnn has availed himself of the means at IiIb eoniruand for surrounding tho p.irt with nil thu nccossories needful to Its lirojicrilitstratiou. In his capacity as mnnajjer, J10 jm- p-.t up tlio tragedy with ailmlrnblo effect, and lua indiontul the boiiso he entortnins of tho vnlnn of mbordiimto pomplcte nfsaf by diligently gnardint; ngainst the possibility of any hitch or failure In minor particular*. It is seldom sj ofiioient » King i« founil na Mr. IrtlondV, nor to nilmlrable n Queen as that of Mrs. Ileir, nor no c»pablu a Ghostai Mr. lloir'a, nor bo Ituitimnto a Polonius as Mr. Lanibert's. Jiven ihe tirat actor «?»« sus tained br no lcis coaipetintacontloman than Mr. Harn-ood, nnd r.osnncrnnli aud Gul donstern were— bs they very often ure not— respectable. Mr. Fitr^prnW'a Laortes was of muro than siifiiciunt mi-rit, Mr. Ohapmun'o Horntio was couimcndnuljT citclnl, and Jllss Eail'D Osric tbe tho veriest bijou of aSb.ksperinn fop. Of the Ophelia, in rniyinir that Miss KosaEdouln sun tainoii tlio jnrt, w-s br.vo in cllect declared it to b« full of tbn moit cbar'tniBg Bracefulness, and possessed of such an abundance of rhnrac teihtia quality as tDinnko It noncutabla lo tbo tnest hypi-rciticnl taste. Tho position this Tour.g lady lias aclii'vod, thf-ri fore, is demonstrated to to suineUiinir very -'.iir-;rcnt from that ophemoral succcts which soiuotiinca coilfts from tboaocident of nsingloperfnruinric?, Lelpedonbyunoxpiotedly favourable M*. She is obviously on tbo road to Unio, nnd if l.er rreRini success do not cause her to remit her cfl nts in tbe stnpy ot tho groat urt wi'li which Mm is identified,' aho hai a future before h=r which nr inlsos far (jroater results tnnn mono to winch bIio has Iii'htrto reached. On Tuccoy tlio werfnnnnnccs woro varied by the presentation of iMia. Ceulllvro'a enmedy of ' The H'omlf.r.' Thi- admirably contrived play his succesnftilly um!or!(ori-! nn ordeal of opinion «x tendinff over » cuntury nud a hn!f ; it In Mill, nevettholesB, 1,1.0 of tbo rccognlssd favourltci among Block pieces, and tho loading parts are accepted by modern 'Bt»rs' with tho r/aioo rnaditiees a» ot any oerio.-l of tho John,=on!,«i (r». Tho'rlnrnctfr of l)on Fdlix was always a pet one with Garrick, nnd, indeed, it was tho last part he «vor jilnyeil. Nor need there be any Enr prim at tlio pieforence tho character l.as enjoyed, cnn»iJcring tlii! onre with whtoh it ia drawn, and Iho exlre.no dfl^reo In whleli it pojsesjos the OuaUty of aetnb'entts. It in an embidiinnni -if jealousy, not in Ita teirihle nnd tragic form, but as viowod in U a cumie nspcotp. For there Ik n ludiirnusfido tn uvery pi«sion, and though in rral life th-™ 1 hws hloud Into each olhor, or oliernatenmonsrthorr; solves, they ale conveniently scpnrat-d fur ditinutio purposes', anl sn wn Inqgh a'. Uie oini'ant Bnipli-ion of Don Felix, just as we looi Rrnvty on nt that of Othello. In tho matter of sittintiou this comedy hns nn Immense cdvautOKs over many which arc, perhaps, superior lo It in a literary jiolbt of view, and to this, in combination with its very compact pl- t, is to be attributed its enduring popularity. Mr.Huliivaii'a IJon Fulix in n j.laco of most enjoyable, noting ; it is of tlio truo hlffli comedy st*in», Impulsive nm) yet jrnvcfnl ; full of the prnpur'bUBinesa of tho BjeiH!', nnd jet neither lointeroua nor over douion-trative. Mrs. Hiiir's Donnn VinUnto is In fxcollcnt k.-q-|,,ir with it, and tho aid that flnch derives irom tho other's cfforla isshowa in tlie polii-nllrc icsnlt of conipleto clTentlvoDCBJ. 'Tho Wonder,' with such a cast aa It has bom tbiB wcok ]ierrormcd witlml, may bo safely ropeated nt any timo with tho certainty of no undoubted apfreiialion. In addition to Iho production of a comedy among tho severe iragio presentation, wo have h.vj during thn woek tho old Adclphl piece of 'Hory O'Moro,' with Mr. Filaxernld ns the principal character in it. Mr. Fuz.cr.ild labours aador tbo disadvantBRe of Iiav infr tn iii;dn{;-icoiiipa[|soiis with both Mr. liroi.fa njid Mr. 3I.id-.-jj, both of whom have associated their nanus nl-h tho part. NoverthuleiiS, If not bo entirely cIT.'titiv.) us cithorol them, bo wai emi nently pleaslnc, ond purliapn if ho hail not been, an lin manifestly wes, la very indifferent health, lie would hive ocompl'shed ovon much moro Ihau hu undmiblcdly Int. ' ltory O'Morc' ia so grei.t n favourite, Ibat It seems n pity more paini were not taltoa to got it up, and lo dovoku tuch nijls tn Bctnic aceompanimtlita aru able to afford to (hie excellent molodram*. In hiKhl elaea iiitcca there h nothing to complain of nt this tbtntre m lejjardj tho moun'.iiig, but whtm you oomp to Iho ?loinestlo, them Is muoh uncor. tainly. What, for fnstanco, can bo moro in tensely nh.'iml than iho bcdro-.ni sccae in tho Colonel's bo 18C, whoro Hory lakes refmjii ? .'J'hero Ua bud, to bo pure, and that is about nil that Is mlCCtstive of ifcl belnrr n hnrirnnm. Tim tt,,., fl .ia at tbo back ihow a atone bnlcouy ovci'heal, and two door--, !en. inf{ Into what eeum to bo Btnbloj, or sonieibinx of the kind, nndoiueaih. A bod rouin, q'lntlM ! It U mueh more liko tho courtyard of a Spanish posnih. Vnj yon, Mr. Ilcnnlnes, tcform this indilTorently. A man who can pnint withsuoh wo^dror.8 ficiiity aa you on, could, n a law hour?, got up a ooeno whioh should fulfil nil tho rtnii'roments bclonirlng lo Iho tltunticn, Qraud palatial omhcilishmenU are vory well, bnt they Bhould not bo maintained to the completu BBorifico of tho humbler, tint not lass Decennary accotsorlesof domestic interiors Everybody a.ijs Hut 1/ thero were nothing ulso to coinmonil| them to tbo ltoyal, tho excellonL orchtstra rhonld striniEly Induca them to vouch Bife their palrniUKO. And It Ib most truo that in tlio brief intervals between the aotB nnd the pieces, tho band gives forth euoh raarrollomly ssreet Sjiintl*, thnfc ono would have no exenso to bo wcar-y of v/A inir, II sven tho timo not ocou l.wd by tho regular business of tlm stage wero still moro ainplitlcd Ihnu it is. Within that mmii-lrcular brass rod and green curtain nro cnolosed, evoty ui^ht, the vory pick and floircr of inBlriimoatal dJicicncy, It is a company ol jiJmiiaule B.l-,i-ls. Kvcry mon uf it might worthily Inko bin f.laco as a star perfortnor upon the pnrlioular medium out of which he diseoureea suoli cli quenco of Bound, and as3o:!aUd wish which hia unmo is no Annlliar'in ra-m'« mouths. It Is llj«sa of HcirStieliluKer, who, whonovtr ho p.aya ia a conceit, coafounda ono with spccula I dot's »a to why ho docs not oftaner exhibic hi I uroax1 talent «s a most cnpatilosolo violinist. lhu« Hi it -ji'so of Herr Siode, that moot cxquitlto fiautht s so also of Mr. Johnson, once th« T 'anu'-nmlcr' of lba-«tli, ' ttid who ii not only- woniirnui cxoouUnt npon . tho clarionet, but Ouo a.ouml tnusfctoa aud « 1 ?««»»»?: I (ul composer, 'K'Q?, iulikc mamierfftls to be remarked of Mr. Beift who pM thai- curious e!ftborflti.;Ji of brnznu nrvlimnnihlp, (he ,troiu-{ bonn: thus, n'so of Mr. Ohnptnan, who b.ioKn ponderous melody from tin u.-ntlu of the djuOlo 1 ? „ . .„ t,% in.™ .«„».... ? t cinti. i-/'!ftnmt. thnt mrml I liftO^ f :j-» III llhU illilllULt Ul UlfiUVi «?,?? ? 'J ' -??--»— ? miracuIousdramiBor.aniJmostsoWrsrJyiaflrHctor or Ptiddintr mstruiuoutalists. ilr. J. Hore o ubYiful-i |)»53»so» in tbo I'ornet havo made hiui I popular without making his unmo knoiru ; and tlie several axcalliint tributary aids of Mosm. £? King, jun., nnd .1. Iited nn the violin, first sue' Bocond rcsptotively ; A. Kins? on Iho virla, and K. Uf rj n» second cornel, liavo brought tucli a reputation ti tho hand culloctlvely, that It may ba oald nt no previous tluio wns thoro, snvo In operatic Eo^scna, so c.\piblo na orchestra as ot the preseut lima. Tlio nnplause cvokod by their efforts, during tho interval* of regular bnslnusi, I nrobolb ftequeiit and uronouijcct, nnd 011a can lisle 1 to their pert ?rmauces now nilh some sort of snti'f.iction ; for those unmusical people, tha ' oiango, luiuo'.adc, gingor- hcer, and jo.Ia-wntcr' vendor?, finve been oonirolled into silunco by tho judicioLS excui 0 of mnungorinl authority, nnothor inatntico of the cnre/ul Ktlenliun paid to the comfort ami eonvmianco of the audience. MATMAHICKI TIFSAIIIE. On Saturday night last, Mr. Kean nppoarcd nB Shyloclt, nnd on Monday ii'Rht ns Ilnmlet. On Tuesday, ' T)i« Werclunt of Venice' w.is rp icnted, and on Wednesday 'Tho Wifc'a S.-crct' I »-i»l'' u), o^.iiii. \^n iiuirsjay mo uioiancnoiy pi Into occupied the attention of tlio andlcneo ; and on JTriiUy iho vindictiio Jow \va3 the foro raost figure in the picture. Tills lust liss always bicn ronsliJcred us amonj; t)io.«o parts which exhinit mnat RtionKl)' the special Indications of «r. Kenn'rf Kicat powers. Lilso I.iuls tho Weventh, iti extnrnal attrihutos nr« of n kind for tho complete representation of wliioh Bomflwhat axcepttoial (/unities nro required, nnd nt thh itioinvnt it is iMiifos«dly troo Ilint Mr. Kenn's Sbylock is t'o very best extant. Itlsromn knblo for Its coucreteueas and consUtency. Mr. K«nn has, of course, lone ns» 6ettlod withtn hlmaulf what u rfquliel for the perfect tmbouTuiobt of the creation, nnd thero ia, therefore, o fixity nnd decision about liU rcndcrlnK of tho cbnr.clrr which cannot help but strike oven Bu|icrHoln! ob?orvcra. Tho rsmorsc loss .Ictv is aw r prefen t. Jlcvoncjo is tho Icadinc motif dJ his wholo inorAl composition. This is shadowed nil through with nsombrocolourin-, and henco in unity of effect it ia cxccodiniriy 1 remarkat lo. It ujgages tho attention by a kiud offuscinatinn. ft w impo/wlhlo to do otlior than be occupied with it, and if there ivoro no relatlro bU'iacB» a^ociate-1 with tho character, tho Individu.il quulilics bclonninp to It cou'd bardiv f«l I to iiresniil themselves ia tho liighc-t poi-ibl'o rohof. Jfrs. Kean'o Portia has btcn haforo tlio world so long, that her mode ol iloallnjr with Iho character bnj been acccpled ns n model for many younger nctrcsscs, who lmvo copied her manner sometimes wiiuoui nniorniR in:o tio true Bplrit which con stitutes Its wsenthls. Asan example of a refined nud do.icatodiscerEmout of Iho truo nttribirtes of ot:o of Shplopenre's moat lovaWo characters, itispocr!e*s. The Hamlat of Mr. Kcm Is known wherever tho EiiRlisli languago Is spoken, or bbatppeuro undcisio^d. Jt hns evoked, perhapK, a hrr.cr nttwunt of criliclem than almost nny other performance, and hna boen so niiuittoly analysed, that comment upon it is well-nigh exlinunlod. It will long reinnin tho standard of comnnrisru for tho endeavours of others In tbo fame part, nud it will be -especially noteworthy. of what may bo dane, dEspite uiuvoidablo disnd v.int)pou. The Quton of Mrs. Keau will alwity« bo i,notod ns an illnatrntlon nf the rescuinir of a part usually allotted to moderate, modioore, or Inf«norptn.ois, nnd its acceptancs by « le»dinff actions. It is n proof uf what may bo done suc ccB.fully when ntt^npted «ith nn earnest pnrpoai', and with n cletiro lcsn to advance indi vidual repntatl -», than to place In propi r relief a ciiii'notor whose m-- rits wore unporcoived or iROored. Lifco all the other pfforta of this accomplished K.Jy, this of tho Queen in celeurntod It its particular attention tj nil thoso features which strontly mark itn indivi duality. It is full of fiigeoslivoness, and it is impotsibly to forget :ho rolntfons of thin to the oilier perBons nf tbo drama, in any scene lu which tho Queen ib wnccrned. Tho weaknesa of tho woman, r»lhcr than tho wlckodnonaof thoqucui, is mndo a prominent clement in tlm character, and the si!iitlmci.t'evokod,thorefore,l3 ono rnther of pity ihnn cor-deiuuatmn- It is throiiirliout .in artistic nnd Mlmirnh'.e porformanco. The atten dance durins tho week ban been llbeial : the lublio exhibits no.lndisp sition to recognise tho Rrcat mniits of tli.ua worldrcnownod inlerprotera ef tio lugh ilrimj, nnd there Id littlo fear that nutmi; tho remainder of tht-ir engagement there will bo any Incic of overflowii;pf audlcnooi. S'novinciiAt, n*r,L\A«AT.— HUsAnnio Lockhart nnd Mr. H. N. Warner have boon playing nt the Rovnl oimnc 1110 weclr. it Is undar.tood that .Mr. and Mrs. Konn t.-lll not visit Ballanrnt until nftcr tliMr eiiKJBement In Sydney. Ken moo — The Advertiser of Thursday Ui tho followiiig:-A hotter houno than of late stien'lcd yektcnlay evmitif; at the Lyceum, 10 witness Mr. Mniitergh's performance of tho ?Iriah Lmlgrant.' Nor ware those prosont disnp!io:nt?il with tho result. Mr. MnnBorRh has a largo nnturul fund of hcinour, and he dlB played It yesterday ovenlnp with incroascd c.TObdonep. His porformsnecs h.wo been already of a cbarnotcr to warrant us in saying that ho will prove an acquisition to the st.go. Iu tho con cluding |il- co, ' Tho Dumb Man of Mancluster ' Mr. J Chamheis ao.[Uittid himself m Tom, tho loading c!;arnottr, much to the tallsfactlou of the iiuuionce, olioituis frequent applnuso, and belnL moro tlmn orco oillt-d before tho curtain Mr Hill, ns Ciispln Wolter, and Mrs. Cox, aa Patty' hi* wife, diaplajeil a good deal of humour ; and Mrs Hill appeared very euacessfnlly as tho wife of Edward Wiiloii (llr. Robortn). nusKDis.— (From tho Tctrgraph, 2Gth Oct.) —On Saturday nljiht, the Ghost made its appear niicc at tlr. PrlnoeM'H, bef 110 « oron-dod nudlonc^. Ibotnopiecfs tclcc-cd for the ocoasion wcro 'Tho Corsica! Brothers' nnd 'Ravmond and Ague*,' which, toiothcr with 'SuBaii Hopley,' wera tha 3uly dramai iu which this curious illusion liod bian exhibited here. The first, of course, went well, and dosnrved all tho applause lavished upon it ; but the last, not all Mr. John DumV» amua up; '? KaR' rould redooiu from tbo most drenrv lnnipldity. Tho audience, howovor —or, at all ironts, a very largo portion of it— nppmaneti it, and tho Ghost certainly novor nppearcd to greater ndvnntnge. Tho fl»w!ii' whlto drapery of Iho legendary nun cortainly aESkted tho illusion vory considerably. On Monday owning, MI68 Julia Ifnthows will ?pre-ir for the flat time on the Danedin staRe, m'ThoUauKbiorofthcIie«lment' nut! ' J?ra Ulavo'e, In conjunction with Mr. Harry Jackaon. Miss Mathew. aiiKagcmcnt may bo rogatdod as a matter of coogrntoUiiou to the Dinn»gomeut, for it ia hnrd.'y potsiblo to concolvo one which i« like!.- to bo more acceptable to tho public, mid /?fr-cor.tfi7i«!rice,morc remunerative to tbo then tti- ca! exchequer. Misi Julia M&thowa;' enH.gtment oxtendB. wo undtratand, ovor a period of several months; and wo prophecy for this lady a popu larity amongst us, as rauoh merited by her private virtues, ns by her brilliant accomplMimenU ns an ai'trim The following Ib from tho Olago Times of 28th Oalober :-The stirnotlona at tho Princess Theatre mint lmvo been very groat to hava induced £.1 Iirgo nu attendance last evcuintr, for in spits of tbo mddon change of tha weather the house w»s full In every pnrt. Tho proSrammo was tne «»mo a« on tho provlous ovening, and was well cxicuted nnd well rcoelved. MUb Jullr. Msiiiewa h»s alroady won hor way with tho Dttnodui nudlonce, r.nd wna most enthusiastically opplauocd. Tbcru U a pleasing vivacity about ..v. ..,.,, ,,^ nmsu 13 CUIO 10 1011 Well, null tO lomler her tnoro ond moro a favourito. Hor Joatphiuo In the ' Daugbf*r of khp rUgiraont,' Is a natural and truthful piece of aclmr/, and this combined with her exqulslta Blnglnrr of tho music allotted to hor, rendera the chnractor ono of tho most nltrnollvo we havo tcuu upon Ihe s age. Sovornl encore* wcro colled for durlnc tto ovenint;, tlio audience ludeeJ, being more onthnslaitic than considerate. Tho second representation of Iho burlesque of -? Vr» DI.volo' onfi.ms our opinion that It la ono of the author's worat tllorts; and U needs M tho charming not dm Icry of Mr. John Duun and Mr. Harry JacksoD, to moko it a bucccss. QUorrs.-GKEMsa Quoitiko Cluji, a tones of matches to wind op tbo eeason was P avod at Kelly's Crown hotel, on Monday and lolrCi,nfVhln5t', -('l' ''''''^P'onBhlpofth/aeo- lonis club which resulted In a victory to Mr Kc ly, who obtained 41 to Hr; M'MuWsin Se thcr of tte players wa, I,, aaythlns UkB tho form thoy sliowod when p ayitie aifainst th« fjj'*! BdcoV which wm Ian great fflluo ottrllml.bl. to tho weather. At tho co™ 0™ of tho Ramo aomo forty memben of tho club aat down la nti exee lent dinner provided b, Mr Kelly, which waBdouoarapIo Justice to, and tbo S5X,at on e'^ *«?«??» the 