DIOCESE OF TASMANIA. CEBEMONY OP LAVING THE FOUNDATION STO.NE OK Tny. NEW Oiwrch AT FBANKUN. MONHAY, FEB., 9th, 18C3. This being the day fixed for the ceremony of laying the Foundation Stone of the intended new Church at Franklin, great preparations were made for the occasion, under the superintendence of the liev. Thos. Stansficld, the Incumbcnt, and the Committee of laymen, who, with commendable zeal, had token up the matter in earnest, with what success, the proceedings amply testified. "] ]lc residents of the district generally appeared to take considerable interest in the event. The site of the new Church is near the present structure. Tlic estimated cost is between £G00 and £700 ; the contractor for the building is Mr. liait, who has turned out various works of importance in Hobiirt Town in approved and workmanlike style. The weather during the afternoon did not hear a very favorable aspect, hut it cleared up subsequently, and remained propitious lor the cercinony. The steamer Cullodcn, which started from Hobart Town, conveycd the Ven. Archdeacon Davics (who, as senior Archdeacon jf the Diocese, acts for the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, in his Lordship's absence in Europe,) who was accompanicd by the Rev. F. II. Cox, H.A., Itev. A. Davenport, H.A., Rev. S. Parsons, 11.1)., Mr. 11. Cook, one ofthc ChurchivardensofSt. David's, and a uumherof ladies and other visitors. The inclemency of the weather detracted from the pleasures of the trip, and it waB nearly (i o'clock before the Culloden arrived at Franklin. The Archdeacon, and other clergy, were received by the Incumbent and lor.al committee, who escorted them to the site of the Church, where, notwithstanding the state of the weather, more than two hundred persons congregated. The clergy appeared, as usual on such occasions, in canonicals. On arrival at the site, the proceedings commenced by the singing of the 100th Psalm, commencing— With one consent iet nil the earth To God their cheerful voices raise ; Glad homage pay, with cheerful mirth, And sing before llim songs of praise. The Archdeacon then read the sentences of Scripture appointed in the Office, and exhorted those assembled to dedicate themselves in humble prayer and joyful praise to the Lord. The Clergy and people took part in the responses. In reply to the usual question of the Archdeacon " »Vho is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the Lord f" Mr. Walpole, the Police Magistrate, in the name, and on the behalf of the laymen, offered the Btone for acceptance to the Veil. Archdeacon who wss to lay it, saying 1 Who arc we that we should be nblc to offer willingly after this sort ? for all things come uf Thee, and of Thine own have wc given Thee.'' The scroll was read by Mr. John Sedgcr Chambers, the public teacher at Franklin. It was eight feet long, contained the names of many of the visitors, and also mentioned that tlic site and 3 acres oflaud, were given by Lady Jane Franklin, iclict of the Ime Sir John Franklin, the intrepid, hut unfortunate Arctic Navigator. The Ven. Archdeacon then offered prayers for the Queen; for the blessing of God upon the work iu which they were at that time engaged, that the walls then to he begun, might be built up an Holy Temple to Grid, iu which the true and lively Word of (iod might be set forth, and the Holy Sacraments rightly and duly administered; also for the direction of those who should have the superintendence of the building, the protection of the workmen to be employed therein ; and for prosperity of the work. The stone was then laid by the Ven. Archdeacon with the customury form, the building being dedicated to the sole honor and glory of the Holy, Eternal and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; the Church to bear the name of St. John. While the etone was being laid the 118th FBalm, vs. 22, '29, was sung, namely:— That which the builders once rcfus'd Is now the corner stone : This is the wondrous work of God, The work of God alone. O then villi me give thanks to God, Who still does gracious prove ; And let the tribute of our praise Be endlcBs as iiis love. An appropriate Address was then delivered by the Ven. Archdeacon, who adverted to the marked improvement that had taken place in the district from the time lie first knew it, thirty years ago. He congratulated the members of the Church of England, and the residents ofthc district generally, oil the good work that hud been thus so auspiciously commenced, and expressed his hope and his earnest prayer that the Divine blessing might rest upon, prosper, and bring it to a successful issue. The blessing was then pronounced, and the proceedings terminated, the sum of £10 being put in the plate, on the stone, as oflerings iu aid of the building fund. An cnterlainment waa afterwards prepared at the McchaBics' Institute, which was crowded. The repast was well provided, the ladieskindly furnishing the trays andeatsbleB at their own cost and trouble. The viands were excellent and abundant, perfect good feeling prevailed, and the tea and the company were enjoyed by every one. Subsequently, a public meeting was held, under the presidency ofthc Ven. Archdeacon. Among the gentlemen present, besides the Incumbcnt, and the Clergy from Hobart Town, were, the Rev. John Murphy, the Roman Catholic Chaplain, Mr. Balfe, M.H.A., Mr. Hays, sen., Mr. Surtccs White, Mr. Walpole, and the principal residents of the district. The Hon. Mr. Cleburne, who was present at the other ceremony, was not able to attend the tea meeting. . The meeting was addressed by the Chairman, who referred most enthusiastically to the rapid advancement which the district had made during the last few years, lie contrasted the state of the colony a few years ago, with its present social status, and showed how predominant were the impulses which actuate the Anglo- Saxon race-causing tliem to overcome all difficulties, and with their institutions to keep pace with the requirements of the times. r The Rev. Mr. Cox, Mr. Balfe, Mr. John Hays, senior, Mr. Cook, late Mayor ol Hobart Town, Mr. SuHees White, &calso; addressed the company ; between the speeches anthems were sung by the Choir, with harmonium, accompaniment- „.„dominant feeling of the evening was rt £ and t!\e chief feature m the wos the spirit of Christian unity ff^n expressed. Everything passed oif '•!, «lat, snd the cimpany expressed a «al sentiment of hope for a similar re- : - in days to come. pm. the meeting broke up, the i hdeacon pronouncing the Benediction, j the visitors and friends dispersed to ^several homes well pleased with the 'riieneonlc of Franklin have made noble i l to erect a Church; they arc still faring manfully to complete it; they appeal their fellow Christians in Ilobart lovm I elsewhere, and solicit their prm\crs and ddance. The Church may be expected to c^Llied in a few months; the Committee ihe want of funds, but by God's help w will succeed in accomplishing their V This day will be long remembered in Annals of Franklin, as one of happiness }• e n j o j m The clergy and Hobart Town visitors «ere entertained at the houses of the Rev. «fr Stanfield, and other residents, and reautorked in the steamer next morning, Teaching town, after a pleasant trip, about half-past five in the afternoon. 