THE AMERICAN QUESTION. The ' Times' lately received from a special correspondent who has made his way to the Southern capital the follow ing graphic description of the state of arfairs in the Confederate States. The communication is dated Richmond, .October 8 :— Tl'O .incW.pf.riia ni.oennf f ,-cfom nt restoring tUe union will readily suggest itself to the reader. I have travelled far and wide through Virginia ; I havp conversed with men, women, and child ren in tlint state nnd in Maryland ; I have seen men, formerly substantial and thriving, whose everything has been devoured by the Federals; but never in onn single instance hav« I heard n wnrd of le^Tct by reason of the wnr, a timid nnfe sounded in rpgard to its issue, a sigh breathed over the departed Union, a ghost of a desire expressed in favor of compromise or reconstruc tion. On the contrary, one universal chorus echoes through die length and breadth of the land, ' The net is woken, and we are delivered !' Mr. Everett and his votaries, who still believe in im prisoned loyalty as existing in the South, might as well search in the British islands for a man who desired them to he annexed to France. So united, so homogeneous a community as the States of the Southern Confederacy finds no parallel in our own annals' No war that England has waged for a hundred years has met with such cordial, unani mous, undivided support Tiie war against the tTencli Republic hod its Charles Fox; the war against Russia its Richard Cobden. There is no such character in the Southern States. The victory of the Federals in this exas perated struggle means, not the defeat of the Southern armies — not the pos session of Richmond, Charleston, Sa vannnh, Mobile, and Now Orleans, which would no more lead to a con clusion of the war than the seizure of the Isle of' Man. A Federal victory means nothing' on earth but the cxter- 1 mination and annihilation of every man, I woman, and child in the Southern Con federacy. There is no passion, no frenzy, in the universal lanc-uaere. The intensity of the hate flushes the cheek and clinches the teeth, but finds little expression in feeble words. If anything, the exuberance of animosity is more per ceptible in the flashing eyes and eager earnestness of the women; but the settled and unconquerable firmness of the men requires nothing to be added to it. The possibility of Richmond's falling is calmly discussed, and prepara tions have long been made for such a contin^encv. Surprise is expressed that the Federals have not lone ago posses sed themselves of several other Southern cities as well as Orleans. The possession of n capital city in these days of rail roads is a very different thing from what it used to be in the days of Wagram and Jena. Great suffering might be inflicted upon wnmon and children if Mobile and Charleston fell; suffering1 which there is only too much reason to fear would be most acceptable to the Federals, judging from the record of their deeds' during1 this last year and a linlf. But every considerable city in the South might be rediwed to tvslius with out changing1 the mood or undermining; the resolution of the i'eebk'Kt heart, it' any ieelilu heart there he, in the South ern Confederacy. MEDIATION. Some of the French journals, chiefly those which clnir.i to buve something liko an official inspiration, insinuate tlmr England, (li'sirns the utter ruin of both sections of tho American Union, in order that she may be rid of a maritime _.'.„! . ...J tl.nit unnfnncf 'RtMfrlcll CP 111 Cll- 111 (d* Ullll bill!) lA*lllpit*«u Mjt- ???-?,??» .jw*..u.. ness with the noble generosity and Im munity which, as they say, induce the Emperor's Government to propose a con joint mediation. The opinions of tho liberal journals, however, are, with scarcely an exception, opposed to the proposition made uy tUe French ioreijrn minister. The ' Temps,' the ' Presse,' the ' Debnte,' lbs ' Opinion Nationale' urge in various tones the unreasonable ness of expecting the Northern govern ment to grant to the South at present a six month's interval, to be solely em ployed by the latter in renewing its strength, and preparing for another struggle under more advantageous au spices'. The 'Moniteur' of Nov. 10 affirms that the replies of the British and Russian Cabinets are merely an adjournment of the mediation, repeats that opinions favorable to peace are every day gaining ground both in the North nnd South, and adds that the hesitation of the two European Powers already mentioned has nearly reached its limit. The ' Esprit Public' of Paris asserts that France lias determined to proffer her mediation to the American belli gerent* alone, having reason to believe it will bo favorably received by both parties. THK DESTUUCTTVE rOWlSKS ill- lilt 'ALABAMA.' New York, Oct. 1C. The Alabama took her armament and crew on board near the West ern Islands from an English bark. Her crew are principally English officers, being ' Chivalry' of the South. All water consumed aboard is condensed. She has 8 months provisions, besides what has been plundered.and about 4 hundred tons coal. Underwriters have advanced the war risk to vessels sailing in track of the Alabama to five per cent. Tim Ktonin WiirntA Tinnndermra. was launched this afternoon. The ship Brilliant of New York, bound from New York to London, was captured and burnt, Oct 3, latitude 40, longitude 50, by the pirate Alabama, The ship Emily Farnham, of Portsmouth, N.H., from New Yorlc for Liverpool, was capture} «?«.?»' time ago, out reieasea, it having been proved by documents aboard, that her cargo was on English ac count. Capt. Hagar and the commander of the Brilliant, arrived here in the brig Golden Lion, on which also arrived the Captains & Commanders of the whaling barks Virgina and Elisha Dunbarof New Bedford, who were captured by the Alabama. r\n-»f T-lnfror ri-nnrrs t.hnt nnntlip.r ship was in sight when the Brilliant was burning, working up towards her, probably with a view of saving the lives of those on board, and as another light was seen at eight, it is presumed she also burned* The Golden Lion only brought 8 of die crew of the burnt ship, the rest, 60 in number, would be put aboard other vessels fallen in with by the Emily Farnham. The following is a correct account of the vessels destroyed by the 290 :— The shins Brilliant and Ocraulgee, brig Tucker, barks Virginia and Elisha Dunbar, brig Altanah, schooners Courser, Wcatherguage and Starlight, and a ship unknown. One hundred and ninety-one prisoners were landed on the island of Flora. New York, Oct. 10. The rebel propellor Alabama is 1200 tons burthen, a wooden vessel, copper bottom, 210 feet long, rather narrow, and painted black outside. She carries 3 long 32-pounders on a side, and is pierced for two more amidships. She has a 100-pounder : rifled pivot gun forward of the I bridge, and a 68-pounder on the main deck. She has trucks laid forward for a pivot 6-inch gun, and trucks aft for a pivot stern chaser. Her gnns are of the Blakely pattern, made by Ncslcy & Priston, Liverpool, 1862. She is bark rigged, is represented to go 13 knots, and is under steam. Can get steam up in 20 minutes. Has all the national flags ; usually sets St. George's Cross on approach ing a vessel. Her complement of men is 120. The Virginia was IjajlLUlGU UJI L1IU 1(111 *_J-2|ll, liilt Uj7, Ion. 34, stripped of all valuables, and burned. The Elisha Dunbar was taken the next day and burned. The crews of both vessels, were put in irons on deck aboard the Alabama, and kept there night nnd day till transferred to the Emily Farnham. Capt Clifford, of the Dunbar, says he understood the Alabama would ! cvuisc about tho Gulf banks a few j weeks to destroy large American | ships. They had knowledge of two ships being loaded with arms for the ] United States, and were in hopes : of capturing them. They were . anxious to cntch the Dreadnought, and were confident of their ability to capture or run nway from any vessel of the United States. This Steamer, being in the track of both outward and homeward bound yes- I sels, more or less being in sight ! every day, she will make great i havoc among them. Iuon- clad Navies. Mr. Donald M'Kay, the American shipduilder, furnishes to the Boston Commercial Bulletin an interesting account of the iron-clad vessels of England and France. France has 10 iron-cased floating-batteries, 4 large iron frigates, and 2 rams, and lias on the stocks 10 iron frigates and batteries, which can be completed in one year, if necessary. The English have 6 iron frigates, but are building 7 iron ships, and arc casing 5 or 6 B1111JB VI till llUUi . iti-1* J**. AMKJ wai»n.i? these French and English ships al together superior to the American Monitors, which he says cannot live in a heavy seaway, and a heavy , frigate would run them down. Mr. ? M'Kay says : — ' If we compare with these immense fleets the iron-cased ; navy of the United States im partially, we have to acknowledge that incase of a war with either of the above powers we should have to keep entirely on the defensive, to submit to a disgraceful blockade, and to leave our merchant ships all over the globe to the mercy of our enemy. All the Monitors which we are building by the dozen are very well to defend our harbours, but they are entirely unfit to break a blockade or to acr on me nign seas j ior m say that these vessels are good sea-boats, or suitable for men to live in, is s'nn ply ridiculous, in which statement i shall be upheld by all experienced sailors and ship builders of any note. With their very light draught of water these Monitors never can obtain a high degree of speed, and if ever they should fall in with any of the large frigates in deep water they will be terribly handled, and in all probability run down. Do not think that this could not be done because the Merrinuc failed in her attempt to run down the Monitor. She struck with a speed of three or four knots, or even not as much as that, but a mass of 6,000 to 9,000 tone i' ™---o«--- J-ivnn qt. a H)-Sed of 12 to 14 knots would give a dilter uiil ru&uiu; ui uu uii; iiuu-uiiscii ships that we liave, the only one that might successfully cope with the large English frigates is the Ironsides, built in Philadelphia She is well planned, and her parties! construction very well executed, but her speed is too low to use the good points of the vessel to advan tage, and the way of fastening her plates will not stand the test of a heavy cannonade ; for in die exper iments made in England with armour plates, similary fastened by crew bolts screwed in from the in side, the bolts broke off shot t on the inside of the plate whenever a heavy shot st ruck the plate near such bolts. It is satisfactory to know that Mr. Webb has got a contract for build ing an iron-cased ship according to his own plans. He certainly will produce something able to coin pete with any European frigate.' In conclusion, Mr. jm. ivay suggests the construction for die Northern navy of 20 to 30 fast iron-cased shell proof corvettes, of about 10 to 12 heavy gune each, and of a moderate draught of water, with high speed ; and about twenty to diirty 50--iun frigates, notcased.forforeign service, and as many sloops of 14 to 24 guns, of the highest ppeed obtainable, so that they may be enabled to strike unexpected blows and to evade their iron-cased adversaries, which never will obtain the same high speed at sea as can be given to them. Workmen in Ameuica. — So great is ihs demand for workmen in the United States, in consequence of the demands of the army and navy, that it has been proposed that Mr. Lincoln's Government should assist the immigration of workmen from abroad. 