THE TRINITY. "TUe LORD OUR GOD I OnR LORBD. IHappy the man, undoubting who adores, The undivided one eternal cause Of all that forms a part, or finds a place Within the bounds of universal space : Be it in heaven, or hell, or earth, or sky; So vast an angel's vision to defy; So small, beneath the.microqcopoI glass To yield no outline,-all perceoploa past. He, who made all things, and without whose aid, Inanimate or living uought was made : WhVbo fills the universe hle built and stored, His kingdom it, Himself its only Lord; Who never was not, never will not be, As now-the same all round eternity; Blasphemed in hell, In heaven and earth adored, A triune, undivided, holy Lord. Submit, proud soull What doth thy wisdom know? From fltth, not reason, must thy comfort flow. He claims thy credence, who has right to claim Belief in that he stoops not to explain. That in one God, comprising person three, MIysterious union blends the Trinity. This passes reason ; bhut no reason this Man should dispute, whose last researches miss Is things pertaining to himself, to find Solutions, which can satisfy his mind. Can he define how will ainltains its sway O'er limbs which passively that will obey P Or how the tongue, obedient to the branl, The sounds expressive of its purpose gain P Or how the senses, to the soul return An instant statement of what each discern P When semptle solence can these facts explain, A greater myst'ry doth behind remain A mystery in himself, who fails to see, Occult as that which veails the Deity, Should blush to cavil that in God are found SBch foils to reaon, Ms in man abound I A Trinity as rar beyond the roach Of his conception, dotlh his Being teach, 'Twere well to prove, o're scorning he began, How body, aooi, and life, comprileing man, Are leos distinCt; united; end entwined, O?rless unfathomahlo to the mind;, Than that (rijectiihg which hoa makes hi boast) Combiuing Father, Son, and lIoay Ghost, Distinct in person, otflcec, alid name, In one eternal eslenco are the same. St. Leonards. WEVTerSTOe, 