TOPICS OF THE DAY. We have been favoured with the last reports from the Captains of the Yudanamutana and Blinman. Mines, from which we make the following extracts:— Captain Tirrell of the Yudanamutana, writing under date 11th August, says that the Engine-Shaft on sec tion 135 A is cut down and timbered, and sinking will be commenced in about a week. At Mary's Shaft the stopes south of the 11-fatUom level are looking very well, and 6ome fine blooks of ore are being raised. Tbe lode in the 10-fathom level on Henry's Shaft, 135 B, is small, but the ore is very beautiful, and there are two fine walls to the lode. On the downright shaft the lode has been cot. The driving is west about 8 feet; the lode is about one foot wide, with scarcely any underlay, and is com posed of iron mundic and beautiful black ore. The Captain eays—"l like the appearance of this lode very much. It lias every indication of being a productive one. I shall put men to drive both north and south on this lode. The stope on this (Heury'e) Shaft is looking very welL The lode ia about t?-J feet wide, solid ore of very rich quality. We are raising some splendid blocks. The new shaft in section 1397 is down about 11 fathoms, and we have holed to the old workings, and I find that the branch we cnt in the shaft is not the lode, bat a branch. I expect we shall have to sink four or five fathoms more to cat the lode. The ground con tinues very soft. The mine is altogether looking very well. I hive despatched daring last month. 35 tons first-class ore, and have raised from 40 to 50 tons. There u a good deal of it dressed, and it looks beau tiful. This has been the yield for several months, and" considering that it is ore of nearly 40 per cent, it is a gooi yield." Cap tain Anthony thus writes the Blinman, August 13 :—?? Jane's Shaft—The 10-fathom level driving north is two fathoms from the shaft; lode promising, but poor. The stopes in the back of this are yielding a large quantity of good ore; lode four feet wide, and the ore about 20 per cent as it comes down. The stopes in the bottom are very good; lode 4fc feet wide, fully 20 per cent. ore. The wide stope is quite as good as it has been for the last sis months; the lode seems to hold in size and richness better than it does in any other place. The stope between Humby's and the wide stope is yielding a fair quantity of ore of 10 to 12 per cent We have succeeded in catting water in the well south of the mine ; it is fresh and good. On the whole this mine looks better than it did last month. The build ing of the smelting works is progressing favorably. The quantity of ore now ready for smelting is about 2,000 tons, eay of 12 to 15 per cent.; the poorer ore requiring crushing and reducing is about 2,000 tons, of about 6 per cent. The main body of the Mounted Police Force to ba despatched to Lake Hope, to enquire into the reported native depredations there, left Adelaide on Sunday morning. Inspector Hamilton will leave on next Tuesday morning. On Saturday, an inquest was held at the Adelaide Hospital, on the body of a lad named Peter Mecaulay, whose parents reside in Horphett-street It appeared from the evidence that the deceased was in the act of excavating some wood from the bank of the Torrens, when a portion of the earth gave way and partially buried him. He was removed as soon at possible, but died previous to arriving at the HospitaL The Jury returned a verdict that the deceased was accidentally killed in consequence of a portion of the bank of the Torrens falling in. upon him. On Sunday afternoon, a little boy named Chester, the son of a private of the 49th Regiment, fell into the River Torrens at the rear of the Mounted Police Barracks. He was carried some distance by the cur rent, when Police-Trooper McCoort jumped in and rescued the boy from what might have proved a watery grave. On Friday evening, August 21st, a public meeting was held at the Governor MacDoanell Inn, Salisbury, with reference to the withdrawal of police protection from that township and its extensive neighborhood. Resolutions were passed requesting the Government to supply the vacancy, and a gentleman was ap pointed to wait upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary with regard to the matter. A meeting was held at Salisbnry on Thursday evening last, with reference to the Kbrth-Arm. The scheme was approved of by the meeting as having a tendency to benefit the district. From a notice to mariners which appears in another column it will be seen that the moorings at Port Macdonnell have all been overhauled, and are now in a complete state of efficiency. Our readers will find in another column the pro gramme of the Rifle Association mut-Mif*^ which com mence on the 6th October. A correspondent sends us the following:—"On Friday evening last the employe's of Messrs. D. and W. Murray (wholesale drapers), in compliance with, an invitation from the latter gentleman, met him at his residence in Pnlteney-street, where Mr. and Mrs. Murray entertained them with their usual cordiality. At about 8 o'clock they all partook of a substantial repast, provided for the occasion by Mrs. Murray; after which a toast was proposed—' Messrs. D. and W. Murray, then: wives, and children*—to which Mr. Murray responded in s few appropriate remarks, expressing himself highly gratified in being with them in the capacity in which they were then met, and encouraging the young men to persevere in their calling. In adverting to the absence of bis brother in England, he said he was sure he would have been happy had be been present to have united with them in the enjoyments of the evening. The meeting, which was a happy and a profitable one, terminated about half-past 11." We regret to state that the three-year old colonial entire Young Duke of Argyle, the property of Mr. Mitchelson, of "Virginia, which has taken eo many prizes at various town and country agricultural meetings, died suddenly at Virginia, on Wednesday last, August 19th. The cause of death is as yet un known, but fears are entertained that the animal was poisoned. The stomach has been extracted for medical inspection. This is the second entire horse in the district which has died suddenly daring this season; Mr. Dunkley'e Farmers' Friend being the previous one. By our advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. Charles Dillon has arrived, and appears for the first time in Adelaide this evening. This gentleman enjoys not only a colonial, but an English celebrity; his performances having been noticed in a most favor able manner by the Time*, the Athenaeum, and numerous other well-known journals. He first ap peared in London in February, 1856, at Sadlers Wells, in the character of Belphegor, the Mountebank, and which at once established for him a high repu- . tation. He re-opened the Lyceum in September of the same year, and after performing a variety of cha racters, such as D'Artignan, in the "Three Mus keteers," " Richelieu," and " Louis XL," Mr. Dillon appeared in Shakspearian drama. TTin first ex periment was Othello, in which be distinguished himself by his great originality and truthful delinea tion of character. His second appearance was in Hamlet, which was received, as the Timesbsjb, "amid every demonstration of public satisfaction." As Macbeth Mr. Dillon's success was as great as in Othello and Hamlet The JJheiueum thus earns up his manner:—" Mr. Dillon has a good stage figure, of the middle height, with an expressive countenance, and a flexible voice, which enables him to deliver familiar dialogue without effort He is no declaimer, but speaks naturally, and even in phrases of tb? highest passion is never noisy, substituting intensity for stormy vehemence. In these particulars he pre sents new points, and differs from nearly all the English artiste who obtained reputation. His power over the feelings is extraordinary. We congratulate the public on, at last, possessing one native who can and will speak naturally, and conduct himself without exaggeration or embarrassment, oven while repre senting the deepest tragic emotion, or sustaining tlie most difficult situations of the romantic drama." Mr. Dillon appears to-night on the boards of the Victoria Theatre as Hamlet, and from what has been aaid, the mblic may expect a treat Of his performance of the character the Times eayB —" From what has been seen of Mr. Dillon's previous characters, it was not difficult to foresee which side of Hamlet's character he would make prominent—to foresee that emotional rather than the philoeophioal element in the Danish Prince would be uppermost in his thoughts. To take up a speech us a thing external, and to display in genuity by earning it through infinite varieties of emphasis and expression, would obviously be foreign to his theory of histrionic art You do not listen to him to study his "readings," but to- discover how soon his emotions will be identified with those of tbe character; and we may truly say that the greater the warmth required the more he * warms up*." Wo may mention that the Company at the Victoria he* been further strengthened by Mrs. Dillon, who will take the part of Ophelia to-night, and Mr. Creswick, an actor who has attained considerable eminence in the neighboring colonies, will play the Ghost Greville takes the first grave digger, and the other parts of the piece are well cast A new drop scene by Holmes, painted in his most successful style, will be presented for the first time, eo that we can fairly/ prognosticate a bumper houre. 