CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. (FROM THE CAPE ARGUS.) A SUBMARINE Volcano at the Keiskama. -The Graham's Town Journal relates the fol- lowing:-"A farmer, named Elliott, residing: near Gusha River, while crossing the mouth, of the Keiskama, a few days since, noticed an eruption in the sea, which was violently agitated and forced upwards, as from the spouting of a whale. On approaching the spot as closely as possible, he perceived that a dense body of smoke rose as from a crater, and when the tide threw the surf over the spot, it was immediately thrown some forty or fifty yards into the air-the water for a circumfer- - ence of half a mile assuming the colour of the blackest ink. So horrible was the noise and force of the eruption, that our informant states that he was compelled to retire from the spot. This continued for some fifteen minutes, and gradually died away with a rumbling sound. " Cape Town and Wellington Railway; Company ano the Contractor. - It is stated that Mr. Pickering has attached the lute loan of £ö3,000 raised by tho Capo Town and Wellington Railway Company to complete i tho line. The amount for which this is at- tached is stated to bo £280,000. What the effect of this will bo it is impossible to say. Wo hope it will not delay the completion o£ ' tho line. Wreck and Loss op Lifk.-Another wreck,. with an alarming loss of life, is reported from tho St. John's River. We aro informed that on tho 20th November, a boy carno overland to East London, and reported tho loss with all hands, of the ship William, . from Singapovo to London. Tho boy, whoso natuo is A. Scotland, mndo the following statement:-"Thoship William, - Hutton,, master, with a crew of twenty men, londed at Singapore a general cargo, and sailed from that port, bound to London, on tho ? 28th Septembor last. Wo had a fair passage from Singaporo until wo wero oil Capo Mor- . gan. On Friday, tho 21st December, about midnight, we encountered a fearful galo from. S.S.E., with a heavy sea ; tho ship which waa heavily laden, laboured very much ; at four . o'clock on Saturday morning wo pumped tho vessel dry, but at six o'clock the pumps would not work, and on sounding wo found there were eight feet of water in the hold. Wo had four boats on hoard -two lifeboats and two gigs; soon after six o'clock thrco of tho boats were destroyed by tho heavy soas, and we had only one boat lelt serviceable, and that waa lowered by the crew. Ono man got into tbo boat to clear her away, and five others jumped in, 1 among the num- ber. About five minutes after wo had got into the boat tho ship founduicd. Wo wero about fifty ynrds off from hor when she went down. Weimmedlatcly rowed towards the spot, in the hopo of saviug some of our comrades, but tho .sea was so high that we could make no progross, nud our boat repeatedly filled with. water. Most of the crew had life-belts on, and wo frequently saw them floating on tho water . among tho spars and casks. Wo continued pull- . ing towards the spot where the vessel had disap- peared for about half an hour, but instead of " ncaring the placo we were drivon to leeward of it by tho wind and the set of tho Bea ; wo then . put the boat's head towards the lund, which wo could seo distinctly. We were rowing. . about two hours, and approached the land about noon. Wo rowed along tho land east- ward some distanco to find a good landing place; at last wo found a spot which wo deemed practicable, and wu rowed towards tho surf, and when we wero about fifty yards - from tho beach our boat upset, and wo wero all thrown into tho sen. Tho boat turned bottom upwards, myself and two others managed to get on her bottom, but wo wero very soon washed off, and tho boat drifted from us. I had a life-belt on, and so had tho other boy, Henry Glynn. I remember being ? washed on to a rock, and clinging to that. I endeavoured to scramble to another, and at . length got to tho beach, but I was so ox- . hausted that I was obliged to Ho down. At . this time I saw tho boy Henry Glynn on tho beach walking towards tho bush, but I could not hail bim. I suppose T lay on the bench almost half-an-hour, when I got up and! walked to tho bush, and called to Glynn, but could not hear or soo anything of " him. I started westward along the beach, and walked two or thrco hours, until I arrived at a river, and seeing no sign of habitation, began to fear I had walked in the wrong direction, but the sun was now down, and I determined to stay tho night there ; the next morning at sun-rise I started eastward, retracing my steps, and walking until about four o'clock p.m. In passing the Bpot whoro I had beon cast ashore, I saw tho boat lying on tho rocks in two halvos, and oars also; tho oars I carried above high-water mark. I could not seo any sign of my comrades; nobody had been washcdup,norwero tuero any foot-prints on tho Band. I continued eastward' until I carno to a very hirgo rlvor, which I saw was too Btrong and deep for mo to cross, and I again determined to chango my course,, and retraced my steps westward, but could noc reach tho spot whoro I had boon east nshoro beforo dark, and therefore slept on the bonoh,. From tho timo of being: cast on Bhoro on tho 22nd Deoembor, until I arrived at Mr. Mack- intosh's farm yesterday, I did not taste food, I could not ovon find mussels, as it was neap tide." Henry aiynn, the lad whom tho boy Scotland reported to having escaped with him to tho shore, has been found noar tho Kel Mouth, having wandered about the beach from tho 22nd November to tho 8th December, subsisting on shellfish, when ho reached tho camp of Messrs. Crouch and Ayliff, who hap- pened to bo upon the beach fishing. Suicide.-It was reported on Saturduy that a servant-girl, in the employment of a fanner at Burmmbcot, had committed suicide by drowning horsclf in tho lake.-Ballarat Star, March 9. FATAtAoOIDENT AT Till* WOMBAT DIGGINGS. -Intelligence lins reached us that an unfor tunato woman and child wore burned to death in nslnbhut, which appears to have ac- cidentally caught lire. The woman was last seen nbout two o'clock in tho morning, and at thrco o'clock the hut was discovered to bo on iiro. Tho promises were completely de- stroyed, and wlion ali was ovor not a vostlgo of tho child could be found ; but a hugo cin- der lying upon the hearth indicated clearly whoro tho poor ivomnn had perishc1, appa- rently with hor face to tho grouud.- Uipjts Land Guardian, March 0, A TiioiiouaiiimED Exmoor 1'onv.-In tho yearl810IbouKhtanExnioornony for twcnly thrco shillings! (a fair prlco in those days) at Siraondsbnth. When " holtored"-cau-jht.that ia, after I had concluded my bargain, and secured for tho first timo in his life-ho proved to bo two years old, I gove him to my brother'B son, a child of four or fivo years old. Tho boy leaint to rido upon him, and his brothers and siBtera, eight in number, afterwards used bim in succession. The pony was but cloven hnndii high; ho died at tho ago of twenty-three, and nftcr he had reached his twentieth year carried my eldest nephew, his firet owner, then grown up, and by no means a lightweight, a run with foxhounds in such a nimmel us (o excite his surpriso, and I may add, tho envy, of many a Hioita mun, apparently bettor mounted.- 77/« Ghost of the Wild R(dbeer. By Charles Palk Collyns. 