A BURKE'S-LAND HOAX. (From the Lachlan Observer, January 7.) A few days since a man calling himself Oliver, and who represented himself to be the agent of Messrs. Peterson and Morton, of Wagga Wagga, made his appearance in Forbes, and introduced himself to several of the principal storekeepers, publicans, tobac- conists, and others. His story, which was most plausibly told, was that he had been sent up from Wagga Wagga to engage men to proceed hence to Cooper's Creek, and thence to the Gulf of Carpentaria. The number of men required was 120, who were to be engaged for three years, at £3 per week. The object of the proprietors of the expedition, according to the "agent," was to form about a dozen sheep and cattle stations in the new country. The party were to start from here under an experienced leader, and provided with the orthodox number of managers, superintendents, assistant supers, medical officers, besides a historian to chro- nicle the incidents of the overland journey, and the rise and progress of the new colony. In the present state of things on the Lach- lan, with a superabundant population (thanks to bad legislation), and a plethora of adventurous and talented, but impecunious, parties, waiting like Mr. Micawber, "for something to turn up"— the chance of ruralising for three years in the bush—of fraternising with the aborigines, and thereby studying native simplicity, be- sides, perhaps, the novelty of living for a few months on camel's flesh, fish, and nardoo—was eagerly grasped at by a num- ber of our citizens ; and when we state that in the number was comprised more than one of our "smartest" business men—to be officers of the expedition, of course—it will give those who are not acquainted with the facts to understand that the "agent" was anything but a fool. Several talented but indigent members of the community, eager to pass through the scenes immortalised by the descriptive pen of the lamented Wills, and the graphic but simple story of King, lost no time in signing articles ; and a mob of the plebeian sort, consisting of shepherds, hutkeepers, stockriders, storekeepers, &c.;, to the number of about fifty, were also enrolled. The programme of the expedition, as delinea- ted by Oliver (worthy namesake of him who dissolved the Rump Parliament) was that the party should rendezvous at Strick- land's station, on a certain date named, and that in the meantime every necessary pre- paration was to be made ; that a mob of horses was to be taken from Strickland's and that the expedition should proceed to- wards Cooper's Creek without any delay. Tho second rendezvous was, however, to take place at Fort Bourke, where another detachment would be met, in charge of 120,000 sheep, and 6000 head of cattle. With these the party, well mounted and fully equipped in every way, at the expense of the projectors, were to proceed towards the "promised land." We have before re- marked that a great number of men actually engaged themselves for the expedition. So much confidence, in fact, was placed in the bona fide character of the affair, that one of our local town-criers and bill-posters made a present of his paste-pot to an acquaintance, and sold his bell for 12s. We have now almost reached the finale of this unmitigated hoax. The perpetrator started for Strickland's, for the ostensible purpose of making arrangements for the mob of horses, and has not appeared in Forbes since. It appeared that he went to the station, and having informed Mr. Gregory, the superintendent, and a relative of the celebrated exploring family of that name, that he was looking after a mob of fat cattle in the neighborhood, partook of a feed in the kitchen, after the usual custom with travellers ; that he afterwards started on his way, and "was heard of no more." The probabilities are that the man calling himself Oliver is some shepherd more clever than the majority of his class, and that while enjoying himself in a quiet way at an hotel so long as his cheque lasted, he had attempted the perpetration of a practical joke on rather an extensive scale. How far he succeeded in this case we have endeavored to describe ; but it would be rather a danger- ous experiment to attempt such a joke a second time in the same place. Imaginative ? — very ! —Gradually the flanking columns, regardless of the stagger- ing footing, regardless also of tho cannonade and of the interlacing undergrowth, ap- proached nearer and nearer to the fort, and at length the moment came for the general assault. The Zouaves, who had been pent up all winter on the bleak cape at Hatteras, and who had been yearning for months for an opportunity of battle, now looked wish- fully towards the fearful causeway, and mur- mured to their officers their desire to charge. Their major (Kimball) convoyed the wish to the commanding general, and he, looking on the splendid regiment with pride, said, "Yes ; the time has arrived, and your regiment are the men ! Charge !" The restive battalion took up the order with a yell. Their colonel and major placed themselves at their head, and also in their van a gallant spirit, Lieu- tenant-Colonel Vigier de Monteuil, who had volunteered from the D'Epineuil Zouaves for the occasion, sprang forward with the words, " Now, boys, we'll show 'em how to fight !" And forward they bounded, those high-spi- rited and daring youths, liko so many mottled colts, and looking more beautiful in their fine uniform and rosy health than anything else in nature could. The sacred rage of battle was upon their features, its frenzy in their throats, and with shrieks of "Zou, zou, zou !" followed by the cheers of the reserved regiments who stood leaning on their arms, aud quivering at the spectacle, they poured upon the causeway. But the ringing shouts were now mingled with a sterner noise, for, as soon as tbe battalion showed itself upon the exposed path, the rebel guns belched forth their concentrated thunder. The head of the column reeled and staggered like a drunken man, and the earth was strewed with fallen forms. Webster and De Monteuil went down, the latter gracefully folding his arms across his breast, and falling back- wards, as if tranquilly accepting of hts fate. The column was stunned for an instant by the weight of iron flung against it, as an ox might be staggered momentarily by the blow of a sledge ; but the play of their leaders' swords which were instantly all waving in tho air, and the "Zou, Zou !" of their colonel, who was still at their head, carried them, bounding over their fallen comrades, to the fort. The speed with which they now tore forward the remaining distance, left tbe rebels no time to reload and fire before the Zouaves were at the ramparts. With shout on shout, they sprang into the ditch, clambered through the abat- tis, ran up the glacis, or darted through the embrasures, bayonet in hand. The rebels, however, terrified at such strange ferocity, did not remain to receive the furious assault, but fled through every aperture, and left them in peaceable possession. Ferrero, with the New York Fifty-first and the Twenty- first Massachusetts were soon at hand, and the combined flags of the two latter regi- ments appeared on the ramparts together, to proclaim that Roanoke and its rebel army had fallen before the prowess of our troops. —New York Spirit of the Times. A "Yankee Trick."—The capture of the schooner Major Barbour by the De Soto was effected in a manner that reflects great credit on her captors. It was a real Yankee trick —one that will serve to be recorded in the annals of this war. The Major Barbour has been one of the most successful vessels in running the blockade. She has made four voyages to and from Havana, and was on her return from the fifth when taken. The manner of her capture was as follows : —It appears the De Soto a few days pre- viously succeeded in capturing an oyster sloop, which was manned and armed, and used ns a tender. The officers of the sloop thought proper to take a short cruise among the creeks and bayous of that section of the coast of Louisiana. So they disguised them- selves and started on what I should think rather a perilous expedition. They cruised about without molestation or suspicion, and finally anchored near an extensive plantation in the neighborhood of Temballor Island. They (the officers) had the audacity to land and visit the planter at his residence, by whom they were most hospitably received. They were invited to dine with him, which invitation they accepted without hesitation. At the dinner table they informed their host that they were citizens of New Orleans, looking for something to do, and asked him for information as to the probability of ob- taining employment, and if any vessels were expected on the coast that they could aid in running the blockade and landing their car- goes. The host was very communicative. He informed them that the Barbour was soon expected, and that they could give her valuable aid. After spending some time with the planter they took their leave, and it was not long after they discovered a schooner to an anchor, which had the appearance of being "fish for their net." They stood for her in an apparently uncon- cerned manner, the officers in red shirts and slouched hats, with the blue Jackets stowed away below. As they approached they hailed the schooner, and asked if they could come alongside. The reply was, " Have you come for the cargo ?" No response was made to this question until the sloop rubbed alongside the schooner, when the officer, calling his men from below, jumped on board saying, "Yes, woe have come for the cargo, and tho vessel also." There was no resis- tance made, and the schooner proved an easy prize. She proved to be the Barbour, from Havana, with a full cargo, principally of coffee."—Key West correspondent of the New York Herald. Tuc attempt to induco tho Russian peasants to ngrco with their mastors for tho pnymont of rent has failed, oven moro completely than was believed. According to an official report, tlio total number of peasants enfranchised wns twenty millions, or say four millions of households, and although n whole year lins expired, only 30211 contracts have been en- tered into, and only 1830 actually signed. Geoeob Fhancis Train?The Count Johannes.?Tho Democratic party in Mas- sachusetts is dragging along slowly, nnd thus far has not succeeded in inoculating the masses with any great amount of enthusiasm. It has had from tho very beginning one ter- rible clog upon its movements, to wit: tho support of the Boston Courier. A party which can keep its head long above water, under tbe dead weight of that intensely "conservative" institution, must bo pos. sessed of an extraordinary amount of vitality. And, added to the Courier drawback, there is another sore infliction which the new party is enduring in having for its chief spokes man to the masses the rattle-brained George Francis Train, coupled with that solemn pudding-head, tho Count Johannes. Goorgo is trying hard to bo a martyr, and came very near being gratified the othor night in Fanouil Hall, whore ho had intruded himself for the purpose of replying to Charles Sum- ner's ratification speech. Ho had gone there fully prepared to annihilate the Massa- chusetts Senator, but tho people would not allow him to do so crud a thing, and so they hustled him out of tho hall. This incident furnished irrepressible George with an ex- cuse for coming out in a card, wherein, Maw-worm-liko, he gloried in the indignities that had been put upon him, and even boasted of having been knocked down for his impertinence. Tho Count, less impulsive than his coadjutor, and having an oyo withal to the almighty dollar, proposes to do things in a more quiet way; he, thereforo, offers to deliver a series of orations in behalf of tho party for the round sum of £1000. If the coalition should decline his offer, the Re- publicans should by all means patch up tbo sum demanded, and sot tho-Count a-going. It needs no prophet's ghost to predict that a party which is mainly represented on tho Btump by such shallow spouters as Train and Johannes will fall a vory long way short of crushing out Governor Andrew and Charles Sumner. Train subsequently delivered, in 'anothor locality,tho " reply to Sumner" which was so unceremoniously cut off in Faneuil Hall. Here ls an extract from it. " I would put down this rebellion though it run rivers of blood. Tho Union must be maintained. He (Mr. Train) could seo pcaco ahead. It would como from Richmond in CO days. Ho was the self-appointed ambassador in England, and ho would bo no less than that here to exterminate abolitionism. He dared to bo au Araericau in England, and he had dared to bo one in Faneuil Hall. AH he wanted was to make white men as good as niggers, and thus stem tho torrent of abolitionism. Having finished his labors here, ho was going to Richmond to arrange for a pcaco settle- ment. That accomplished, and tho nation onco moro prosperous, united, nnd happy, ho should take 110,000 Irishmen over to Ireland and libcrato that oppressed land." Tit for tat.?A one-logged Welsh orator was onco bantering an Irishman, when tho latter askoil him. "How did you come to losoyour leg?" "Well," said Jones, "on examining my pedigree, and looking up my descent, I found that there was somo Irish blood in mo, and becoming convinced it was all settled in tho left leg, I had it cut off at onco." " Be tbe powers," said Pat, " it 'nd havo bcon a deuced good thing af it had only settled in yer hoad." An apprentice of tho Louisville Journal has reeoivod from his friend a new over-coat. Ho is as enthusiastic about it ns a boy in his first boots, and says it fits as well as though he had been melted and poured right into it. They say thoro is a man living in Edin- burgh who attends church regularly, and clasps his hands so tight during praying time, that ho can't got thom open whon tho contri- bution box comes round. 