Surnuii OOUBT.-MÄCTCB'S OÏÏIOK, Tran DATV Moore T. Attornej>Qeneral, taxation j Coben T. Mona* ban, ehatgn; »ame T. sume, ditto. :.- .,.< MiEiiHo AT Tait EXCHANGE.--A meeting . of ' lute commercial community is to ba held Ibis day, et' three o'elook p.m., at the Hxobange. to take into oonsMeratiO* piopoped alterationa io the tariff, Stet . ' SUDDEN DEATH.-Aa aged and married «roma«, named LcnJsa Foster, residing lo Keot.street, died sad. denly yesterday alternonn. Ao inqoeat on the body wilt be held before the Otty Coroner thia morning. ACCIDENT.-Yesterday forenoon, a shipwright, naated Henry Smith, bad one of his legs broken, jost shove tba knee, and the toot of the other leg severely braised by falling Irom the side to the bottom of a floating dook, Hewas removed to tba Infirmary, where his injuries watt immediately attended to. 1 Am MArTOFAoionB.-Tbero is now on view at tb« Mesare. Baldwin, Hunter.street, a rory, handsome pier i table, and a trenah ormola eionk.-The table is ot colonial manufacture, made expressly for the late Inter- national Exhibition, from » design of Mr. Thomas, tba well-known artist. The gilding of the table is ofoolonlil gold, aad is r lob IT chased and burnished. Tbooarvlttg I ii very sttistleally done, and the table would adorn tba home of tho wealthiest amongst np. IIB dimensions are 6 x 8 x 8 feet ; it is covered with orimicn olotb, .nd is a truly handsome plead of furniture. Tbs oleo*, we believe, ls the only one of the kind in tho colony, and it beare the impress of Parisian workmanship. It is . twenty.bne day olook, and strikes tba boars and half, noarr. In the centre is a basket of fruit, on eaeh Bide of whlob is a Oupid. disporting amongst wreaths ot flowers. Toe eotablatuap li embossed, and very sk il. folly painted. The dial I» surmounted by a atse/a ' heed, neatly enrv d and water gilt. Tbe bsae rt th.« elook ie also embossed, gilded in the s,tme fashion, and tbe compartments are enriched with some beautifully painted figures. The olook is uniqne, and very vain»' ? ole. Both artiolea are open lo inspection, and wa understand they will shortly be disposed of by a plié wbloh will give an opportunity to many persone' to poasess themselves of them. VICTOIUA THBATOB-roe drams of "The Oasllt I Speolre," though « very old Btook piooe, is one,, thai wherever sod whenever performed, always oommaodt the cloie sttontion of sn nadionos from its grost interest, sod the eleganae of its language. Though best known from hlB romanoee, Mathew Qeorgo Lowes, or, as be ls mora oommonly called Monk Lewis, bas in ibis pisos displayed great powers ss a dramatist. " Tbs Castle Spectre" is naturally a play written aooording to the plan of tbs old sobool, bat for this very roison rétalas moah of tba ioterest that we in vain look for in tbs oonocoted and arranged plaoB of tho present dey. The plot will bealmoat unknown to many readers of the present day.. We have the old story of a terrible (bat occasionally ooneolenoc«stricken) lord.keep ng his brother confined ia tbs dungeons of bis castle, and killing that brother/* wife, in order to obtain possession of tbe estates. The daughter be edaostaa as bia ward, and finally, wishes to oompel ber to marry him ; abe, however, bas already ohoseo bis enemy. The spectre of the murdered lady of' ooarse baants tbs eaetle, and appears bodily (or absdowly) to the guilty man. A j >IIy monk, and an old steward sssiat tho imprisoned lover to eeo.pe, and tb* girl to' fly .by means of subterrsnesn passages, where she of coorie met her father-ia pursued by her glim unele and bia bia sk adherents-and 1B resoued by ber yoong lover, tbs guilty earl falling lifeless si the feet of tba opportunely appearing epeotre. Saab is the story, and very «fleolively has it been acted doting the weebj fha part ot the gollty Bari Osmond WIB wisely oconitted to tba hands of Mr. Wamnr wbosnnDorted thenharaotar with exoullint inda. ment and grout energy, displaying alternately hie re» moraeful unhappiness for bis past misdeeds, and tba ernal sereilty to wbioh bis feroiiouB temper eons antly argea bim. His demonslo follower, Haanau, glorying in tbe nnlisppinees of tba white man, was tqrjally welt given by Mr. Burrord, who always «hows to mnob advan. tsge In «ooh obaraoters, where Ibero is more bj.play than passionate excitement. Mr, Margrave made bis first sppexranee in Sydney on tbia oooasion ; Earl Reginald, appearing only in tho oonolnding not, does not give moah uco^e for the display of vory extraordinary, dramatic powers, bot from the judicious rendering of thia imall part, we oan see that Mr. Mulgrave will prove a very valuable addition li the oompany in old men's ebaraeter. The email but amusing and important part of Father Phillip wai remnrktbly well sustained by Mr. Wei eb j Mr. Hill and Mr. Appleton likewise deserve mention 1er their quiet, ono tentations but oorreot ren. deling of the obaraoters of Kentle, tbe senesobal, and, the young Earl Pero; ; and though one does not often" sea * fat Jester like Mr. Howard, the representativa of Motley, yet he contrived to throw eonsldetabla bnmoar into the obaraoter. We have seldom, of late, seen Mr«. Poole to greater advantage than in the obaraoter of tba Indy Angela ; quiet and dignified, she yet displayed feeling and passion without b»ing too demonstrative. Mrs. Oharlea Jones did hur best (a difficult tatriO to mika herself look like a matrohly old housekeeper, and said what was Bet down lor her with due Intelligence. Of coarse, however, tho play wes mainly Interesting for tba admirable opportunity it affjideu of representing that extraordinaiy and met clever Boientitto invention-" The Ghost." It is useless for ns lo attempt a description which none of tba many English, French, and German journals and magazines (hut hove devoted long articles te the anbjeot have attempted tn aoaompllBh; bat with regard to its produotion at the Vietoria Theatre, we may nay that it is perfeot, and truly astonishing. Tba apeotral Agare appears in each act,-gliding from aide to aide, tba likeneaa of a haman being, bot a transparent shadow in form, though startlingly plain. When attacked, embraced, or in anj way inter «red with, it acema t J be bat air,-a trae pban'om of the mind,-sad] yet there it is; until, at length, tho climax is reached, when the spirit bends over the prostrate fcrm of Osmond, whose sword, dress, and Agare are B.'en clearly ihroagb the foim. Tbs phenomenon bas been received with toa greatest applause, and tbs stage manager bad to appear, on Monday eveninr, in answer loloud oalla for Mr. Pitt, the manipulator nf the s heatly arrangements. Carraa ron Girra LAND.-The Ellen S. Page, bar qa-; ¡ arrived from Port Albeit on Wednesday last, and anohoresi at lbs Heads, and wa« to wai to Ibo Klbo9 by the ateaoitv Agnes living on Thursday. Soe brongbi forty horses and thirty neo, under tbe management of Mr. Statham, who ia tail jg four thouasnd head of cattle from the station of Messrs, Griffiths, al tbo Richmond River, to Gipps Land. The vessel roturas immediately tc Port Albert, and takes wi h her tba old raot"borse Vonison, whj was won at the ' refila by Mr. Statham on Thursday evening, at Tftlttp .alfa J&leJt-CJrcn;« AtlTMt*, August 91a 