THERE ara times when the destinies, of a country seem to be plaoed in a balance, the trembling of which becomes painfully visible to every eye. It is watched with feverish interest by men of all classes ; for there is no one who does not see that his own future is inseparably bound up in that of the land in which he dwells. Such a time appears to be the present.. We do not recollect any period in the previous history of this oolony to which the familiar epithet of a " crisis" could be more properly applied. Every one will admit, that the situation of affairs is critical in the extreme. Danger and suspense surround us on all , sides., We are threatened with, nothing less than positive commercial ruin. The declared policy of the men whom destiny has selected to rule over, us at the present junoture is based upon the commercial ruin of the country. And the doub's which afflict us are rendered the more distressing by the utter uncertainty in whioh we are placed. A. day or an hour, to which no man can point, may decide our fate ; ra ly either band us over to tho political hang- man, or restore us to the freedom and happiness which we have orly now loamed to prize. . The angry discussions which have recently raged to so little purpose aerve to render the true question at issuo unmistakably evident1.; We take it as clearly established that the people of New South Wales have now to choose between free trade and direct taxation on the one hand, and a ruinously restrictive tariff on the other. There is no halting between these two opinions. We must accept either the one or the other, and submit ourselves to their oonsequences. It is not too much to say that on the derision of this question depends the future proiperit) of the country.' Accept tho policy of the CaioxiAt. TH.EA.C-OREE, and wo accept a future inevitably crowded with national disasters. We shall voluntarily abandon the ,immense aclvaotcges bestowed by nature when she gare as the barbour of Part Jackton ;1 wa ahftU drive away the magnificent, fleet« that bare hitherto crowded our wharves and filled our warehorjBis; we shall band over the trade wiih our sister colonies to a rival who has already learned to profit by the blundering of our rulers ; we shall pot a check to the develop- ment of our true resources in the vain attempt to bolster up the sickly phantom christened " na'-ive industry ; " we shall'fores a large pro- portion of our population to fly to other colonies which offer them the attraction of cheap living; and we shall advertise throughout the world that the last field which the emigrant of narrow means should seek is the field of New South WaleB. This language cannot be charged with exagge- ration. Thero ia no need to exaggerate the disastrous consequences which muat ensue from the adoption of a policy that has long since been condemned by English statesmen, and which is found in fruitful operation in such countries BB Austria and China. Commerce is one of the great sources of national wealth, and we are driving commerce from our doors. For many years past England has bean striving to throw of? the burden of heavy import duties, and to supply their place with direct taxation ; while we, instead of following in her steps, ere picking up the cast-off garments of her com- mercial policy. The immense taxation of a mighty empire will perhaps for ever necessitate the retention of import duties ; but what com- parison can there be between the taxation of an empire and the taxation of a colony ? Wars ard revolutions do not trouble us ; our backs are not burdened with fleets and armies ; we have no monarchy to pamper, and no pauperism to sustain. The small amount of revenue required for our purposes may be amply mot by direot taxation, and duties on imports might easily be done away with altogether. Declare Sydney a free port, and nine-tenths of ' Aus tralian commerce would centre io her waters. Neither Melbourne nor any other port in thia hemisphere, could enter into competition with us, for no other port can offer a tithe of the advantages which we offer to shipping. In an article on " The Besouroes of Austria," in the last number of the Quarterly Review, occurs a paragraph on the celebrated port of Trieste. Soon after the beginning of this century, it was declared a free port, and rapidly rose in commercial importance. From a position of utter insignificance it has risen to rivalry with the finest ports in Europe. It is thronged with shipping, and ex- hibits in every feature unmistakeable traoes of unbounded prosperity. Theoxamplo is in every way applicable to ourselves, and is enough to show that there is no valid argument against the adoption of a similar policy here. There is no need to demonstrate the following proposition : that while the lessening of import duties tends to increase imports, the increase of import duties tends to lessen them. Every one knows that the revenue of Great Britain, so far from suffering by the reduction of the duty on tea, for instance, was increased by it : for tea was rendered sp much the cheaper, and its 'consump- tion was thereby doubled. And so with every other article of consumption. But while our Treasurers admit all this, thoy do not seem to see the force of the corollary. They take as the basis of their calculations the imports of the year 1862, and flourish a statement bf revenue which assumes that increased dutieB will have no effect in lessening the amount of imports. But supposing that these duties aromado law, it is as clear BS daylight that the importa for 1864 will exhibit, an appalling deficiency; and consequently the expected revenue of the TBBÁSCBER vanishes like the ghost of Dino from the eyes of ¿ENEAS. It is quite certain, in the first place, that our trade with both Southern and Northern - ports and New Zealand will dwindle into miserable proportions/ if it does not .wholly cease to exist; and, in the second place, it ia equally true that our foreign trade would, in a great measure, pass into the hands of Melbourne merchants. Thia is one of many reasons which incontestably prove the hollowness of indirect taxation. No reliance can be placed upon it, when any attempt is made to stretch it beyond its first elements. Slight duties on such goods as tea and sugar may answer very well, because we are a prosperous community, and don't object to an extra shilling or so on a week's consumption ; but thii affords no proof that heavy dutieB on everything else will be sub- mitted to. And this brings us to a consideration which has been hitherto overlooked, but which we regard as of the. very last importance. The obvious effect of the proposed tariff will be to increase the cost of living. Instead of this be- ing one of the cheapest countries in the earth, it will beoomo one of the dearest ; and that to a community the vast majority of which is com- pelled to take the cost of living into anxious account. What will become, for instance, of the mining population?' Will they remain on our gold fields, where the rate of provisions would amount to a serious lowering of wages, when the gold fields of Victoria are open to them? , And what other class of labourers would remain? The quack- ridden . protec- tionists themselves would be among the first to cry out against the new order of things; for even if their employers raised their wages five shillings a week, their increased cost of living would swallow up that and another five shillings to boot. Consider, moreover,- the effect on emigration. ' No one disputes the vital importance of a full, free,' and flowing tide of emigration to our shores ; but how would it be possible to frighten emigrants moro effectually from New South Wales than. . by adopting Mr. GKÖPFBES FAOAR'S misbegotten scheme?. It is only the desire to better them- selves that induces men to leave their homes in the old world ; but no one can suppose that emigration will continué .when the only induce- ment to it has been removed. . ' 