MARY JANE. (PROM Tnr, SPECTATOR, AUGUST 1.) ' Mary Jane' is a new and by no means trivial sign of this slipshod and uneasy age, in that half articulate and pathetic aspect of it in which it tries to make up by eager jets of sceptical superstition for a relaxed faith and troubled dreams. We have from time to time drawn attention to the curious epidemic, or perhaps we should rather say, with the medical men, 'sporadic' appearances of a sort of materialistic fanaticism— tho dreary half faith in Zadkiel and his astrology, the social excitement which hummed and buzzed the other day, even in a court of justice, round the magic crystal, the mys tical animal magnetism which formed the centre of fascination in Sir Bulwer Lytton's ' Strange Story,': the rapid growth of ghost literature, the physical convulsions attending the last religious ' Revival,' and, above all, the chronic and growing supersti tion which for tho last ten years has con stantly been breaking out, subsiding, and again breaking out with over fresh vigor, about table-turning, mediums, spirit-photographs, and the rest, and which recently centred round Mr D. D. Home. Of all this species of delirium ' Mary Jane' is, we think, by far the most characteristic result. Mary Jane is both a book and a creature, the book, of course, deriving its title from tho creature. We say ' a creature,' not a woman, because Mary Jane is authoritatively pronounced in tho book, after a study of her character during several months, to be be an ' intelligent vapour' emanating from the ' ' medium,' but also very much affected in intellect by the minds of those present at the seance, whether mediums or not. We are all of us regarded as vapors, but Mary Jane is not supposed to be an in dependent vapor, only a vapor of a vapor, exist ing apparently for ' only a few minutes, or at most hours, together, during what is called a seance, created out of the physical and mental powers- and qualities, whether con scious or unconscious, of those who take part in it, but ceasing to exist when the medium goes to sleep, or probably when she breaks up her seance. In short, tho author of the volume now before us, who has christened this temporary intelligence, of his wife's creating, Mary Jane, might well have added the surname Frankenstein, for she, he, or it, corresponds with tolerable accuracy to that extraor dinary conception, and may, we think, very likely one day turn and rend in some unexpected way its mistress or master. But it is time we gave our readers some intelligible account of this now but strikinglj' significant incoherence of our age. The book called ' Mary Jane,' in which we tind the account, of the creature Mary Jane, is an anonymous volume of a large size, on handsome paper, and pub lished at the great price of ono guinea, adorned with colored lithographs, said to bo ./«-; timiles of Mary Jane's 'work. It is called 'Mury Jane; or, Spi ritualism chemically explained, with Spirit drawings. Also, Essays and Ideas (perhaps erroneous), by 11 Child at School.' Our first impression was so strong that an anonymous volumo published at such a price was a mere device for getting money by trading on the credulity of the public that we refused to pay the guinea and departed ; but some of thn passages we had seen seemed so curiously symp tomatic of sincere materialism groping about amid a considerable mass of scientific knowledge, that we reluctantly bought this guinea-worth of signs of the times after all, believing that it was probably not meant as a fraud on tho public, while it did give a real glimpse into tho distracted mind of tho day. And no one, we think, who should come across this eccentric work and really read it, will doubt that 'Mary Jane', is written by some one who expresses real ideas and impressions, though some of the impressions seem very lunatic impressions indeed. The writer has obviously a respectible knowledge of chemistry, has been apparently a surgeon in tho East Indies, and belongs to that curious school of flippant material istic scepticism which residence in that strange land so often seems to foster among Englishmen, side by side with the intensest form of Calvinistic dogma tism. This is exactly such a book — incoherent and vain, as well as materialistic — which the late General Jacob, had ho been as much of a chemist as this writer, might have written. But it is its extraordi nary disjointedness, rawness, materialism and levity, interspersed with shrewd scientic observations and a genuine interest in science, which make the curi ous physico-spiritualism of its conclusion the more remarkable as a token of tho drift of our modern scepticism. Nearly three - fourths of it are taken up with disjointed observations in favor of materialism, generally dotted with acute remarks, but sometimes abruptly broken by anecdotes, apropos of nothing, which the writer has entered in his diary during his travels in Italy or thb East. In tho last quarter of tho book he sud: denly enters, at tho request of a distinguished spiritualist, Mr Wason (we believe of Liverpool) on the examination of spirit-tapping with tho avowed view of refuting it, when, as tho book says, his wifo suddenly becomes a medium, the tables are turned on him in his own house, and he enters on a series of experiments intended to investigate tho nature of tho new power, and, if possible, reconcile tho facts with his old theory that human intellect is a highly electric form of phosphorus, iodine, chlorine, -fcc. Tho phenomena themselves are tho old,' old things, — a palpitating table knocks all- over tho room, intelligent replies to questions mental and written, tho swinging of a zinc plate in tho air which was strung up to the coiling, — spirit drawings with and without the aid of pencils — and finally spirit paintings made on paper which was sealed up during the operation, of various flowers, hands, and so forth, — paintings wholly unremarkable except for the assorted process (which wo have -to tako on faith from an anonymous writer) by which they were produced. The pheno menon, however, on which the author pounces as a clue to everything, is, that the medium's hands, when closely pressed together in the dark, became phosphorescent, and had all the smell of phosphorus, tho smell disappearing directly tho pressure ceased. This induced him to regard tho phenomena as duo to an ' intelligent vapor,' chiefly consisting of phosphoric eloments, his viow of the intellectual elemeuts of which we. shall explain directly. This intelligent vapor he babtises as ' Mary Jane,' so convinced is ho that it is intelligent: — ' This matter had to be investigated chemically, and this new being had to bo christened ; for, as I did not wish to maka a single false step, evon in nomenclature ; and as I had no proof whatever of its being a spirit in tho sense usually attri buted to that word — that is, tho soul of a de parted person — and, as I had already ono clear cause for the movoments of tho table, in tho same emanations from the human body which pro duce mesmeric sleep and tho (probable) sleop of tho sensitive plant, I did not choose to embarrass my self with two causes, even by the adoption of n name, until intimate scientific conviction should ob ligo me to. Still, an intelligent boing,,to be talked to, must have a name, and the house was full of children from school, and country servants. How it was I don't know — having no relative, nor know ing any lady of that name, — but I christened tho new comer 'Mary Jane,' and it answered to Mary Jane, and from that time forward Mary Jane has been with us at any time we choose to talk with her, and has even repeatedly called for the alphabet, and given us a very sensible opinion on the subject we were discussing, when we did not think of appealing to her. You may be sure that, on finding a third party so unexpectedly domiciled with us, we asked it every possible question, and we received replies, tho sense and accuracy of which pleased and started us, as clearly proving a distinct and partially super human intelligence' Mary Jane, it seems, at first always wanted the presence of some one with drawing power in order to be able to draw, of historic knowledge in order to be able to talk history, of musical power in order to be able to play music, but could, after sufficient practice, manage these operations in the absence of these specialités — that is, though the invisible hand could not at first play tho guitar without a musical organisation in the room, nor at first draw its pic tures beneath the table without a pictorial person iu tho room, nor take an interest in East Indian sub jects without some East Indian influence in tho room — yet when Mary Jane had done all these things through the medium, assisted by those other odyllic forces, frequently, then, it seems, she could do them again, though more slowly and with more difficulty, without those other reservoirs of musical power,, drawing power, and historical power to draw from. She had borrowed by that time a little of theso various odyllic requisites, and stored them up in her medium's or ganisation for use when the other auxiliaries were absent. Mary Jane could not only affect in notion what her friends could not manage to do at all, but she could discern accurately things far above the conscious knowledge of any one present, stating, for instance, always accurately the number of minutes before a given lady's carriage would ar rive. ' Our Mary Jane,' says tho author, ' delights in accompanying tho violin or the guitar in the fast est waltz, in playing cards and dominoes, and in making very smart, answers to any remarks addressed to her, and when we are alone gives her opinion re specting persons and things in the most unreserved manner ; but as to her having at any time been the denizen of any other corporeal body than that which she now has [ the medium's, we conclude] our evidences carry the most profound conviction to our mind of the contrary.' And the author holds, as we know, that Mary Jane is an 'intelligent vapor,' generated from his wife's body, but the character of her intelligence influenced by other persons in tho room. ' A medium,' he says, ' is a thinking being who holds conversation with another being which has been eliminated from her body, but which is totally distinct from her body, as distinct as the child at tho breast is from tho mother, nnd exists, iust as the child, on condition of the supply of nutri ment being kept up ; and this being is composed of nothing else but tho vapors which have emanated from the medium's body, and this being can tell the medium things which her own faculties aro unequal to.' Mary Jane dies (pro tempore) when the medium sleeps ; is weak when the medium is hungry ; grows stronger when tho medium has eaten and :hnd wine, — and,— we suppose from the instinct of self preservation, — very much objects to the medium's going to bed, because that is temporary death for Mary Jane Mary Jane also dislikes an eye upon her operations, indeed, frequently stops when the guitar upon which she plays is looked at, — which is due, it seems, not to feminine modesty, but, as the author thinks, to a magnetic ray which the eye sends forth counterftctive of the odyllic omnna tion. The way the philosopher explains Mary Jane's superiority in knowledge and perception to her parent, is by citing the old story about the boy who could not write his Latin exercises at all while he was awake, and who was seen by his schoolmaster to get out of bed and write beautiful Latin during his sleep. Mary Jane borrows so much from the hidden unconscious part of the medium's mind, — the part beneath consciousness, where all our old memories aro buried and whence all our automatic vital powers are, according to this gentleman's theory, directed, — as to make quite a new creature of her, and then, as sho consists of puro ncrrc power, instead of more awkward senses, sho is, of course, more rapid and delicato in her move ments. He further believes that the 'intelligent vapor' consists largely of phosphorus. Tho brains of insane people, he says, aro overcharged with phosphorus, of idiots undercharged ; and a full charge,' not -overcharge, is needful to excite the activity of the life beueath consciousness When tho medium was ill with slight inflammation of tho lungs (whon phosphorus is deficient, since it is the medicine given to cure it) no manifestations could be got out of her. There was not sufficient phos phorus to nourish Mary Jane ; a wet nurse or now medium would have produced, perhaps, a now crea ture, but not Mary Jane, — and she could not be brought up by hand. So she was suppressed till the lungs got well. Smothering Mary Jane is, we suppose, scarcely infanticide. But if this gentle man's theory were to gain ground, quite a new branch of ethics would spring up towards those, poor dependent creatures. Stances would become acts of benevolonce, and refraining from stances a kind of crime — ' cruelty to Intelligent Vapors.' In the confusions, or, as Mr Carlyle would call it, the manifold welter of vain lunacies in this loose and dis tracted world of ours, surely Mary Jane has reached the climax of absurdity and yet pathos. We can scarcely believe the book a mere fraud, in spite of its anonymousness, because there is so much mixture in it of personal character and real mate rialist dogmatism by this ' Child at School.' Mary Jane referred in one place to the second lobe in the dual constitution of the brain ; in another, to the latent or unconscious life which is spontaneous and automatic, but beyond our control, and always re garded us an ' intelligent vapor,' is surely the en thanasia of the materialistic spiritualism. Mary Jane, in fact, differs only from the medium herself, in our author's view, in being more temporary. ' Our Mary Jane' is a secondary intelligent vapor, which, happily phosphorescent, springs out from tho primary (the bodily medium) in order to paint secret pictures and play on the guitar, and which vanishes away so soon as tho primary intelligent vapor sub sides into the state called sleep ; and when she re turns sho is no longer tbo same intelligent vapor as before, but a new ono, des titute of personal identity. But tho parent medium, or primary intelligent vapor, differs only from the secondary by being rather longer before subsid ing into tho sleep called death ; and so the universe altogether is but a crowd of vapors, which in its totality of effluvium may, perhaps, deserve a divine name and personality — about as much as Mary Jane. Wild and distracted as the book is, it seems to us, on that-very account to carry out tho ideas of the materialistic spiritualism in a wuy which makes it the high-tide mark of one of tho most striking sporadic tendencies of tho day. These lunacies or frauds, or half- frauds-half-lunacies, are the discor dant notes of an age which cannot trust in God and yet cannot tell how to do without Him, — that has begun with believing God an ' Intelligent Vapor,' and thence very wisely and legitimately concluded that we are all of us but fractions of an intelligent vapor, which ' continueth but a little time, and then vanisheth away.' Snt James Hudson is gazetted a G.C.B., and Governor Douglas, of Vancouver's Island, a K.C.B. The Way ins Tbleoe.vpii Censoksiiip in Wash ington is Dkpikd. — It is a laughable episode of the war to know that, in spite of tho censorship exoi-cisod at Washington over despatches offered for transpor tation, by telegraph, to New York, the leading editors and bankers receivo all tho important con traband nows about the war that can bo gleaned in Washington. This is accomplished by mouns of cypher messages. As tho Telegraph Company is prohibited from sending messages which are written in mixed cypher characters (as wheelbarrow, hickory, crowbar, nutmeg, ifce), the gamo is to aubstituto aomo ordinary business or private message which is susceptible of translation by the recipient. Mr Gay, of the New York Tribune, nnd Mr Hudson, managing editor ef tho Herald, both receive such messages every fow hours. Samuel Halleb and Co., tho bankers; Jerome aud Co. ; Thompson, of the Bank Note Reporter ; Beebo and Co., and' others, roceivo similar des patches. The sorvices of ladies aro frequently used in this way. Tho wife or daughter of an agent in Washington will telegraph to Now York that sho arrived safely in Washington, but forgot certain garments which sho wishes forwarded hy express. Mrs Smith carries this despatch to hor friend of tho Tribune or Herald, who understands the message to mean, for example that news is at hand that General Dix has reinforced General Meade An other method is for a shopkeeper in Washington to telegraph for certain qualities of goods by a certain route, the substance beiuer so chancreablo as to mean anything the author desires to communicate Tho success of this cypher system is so perfect, that the absurdity of the censorship, as practised, is apparent at a glance, for tbo wires might as well be worked publicly as to bo used thus privately. — American Paper. FoitGEitv by Telegraph. — Tho Court of Assizes of the Soinc recently tried two commission agents, named Krieg and Verel, tho former residing at Mar seilles and tho lattor at Paris, both representatives of the firm of Naideroff and Co., silk merchants at Tiflis, (Georgia), for forging und despatching two telegrams to Tiflis, on tho 18th April last, with in tent to injure tho brothers Stcpanu and Martiros Termykertitchiang, silk merchants, at Tiflis and Paris. It appeared from the evidence that, on tho 27th April, Stepaun recoived at Tiflis two telegrams from Paris, nppnrontly from his brother Martiros. One of them was sent oft' at ten a.m. on the 18th, and contained the following words : — ' Wool and cotton much lower ; silk higher ; received two bales of wool ; business very bad at present.' Tho other was couched as follows : — ' This morning's despatch annulled ; await letter.' On tbo 14th May, Martiros received a letter from his brother, stating that theso two despatches had greatly embarrassed him. Mar tiros ondeavored at once to discovor the authors of them, and traced thom to tho prisoners, who had forwarded them to promote tho interests of their principals, Nadiroff and Co., by keeping Termykor titehiang out of tho market for a time. Krieg at onco confessed that ho had forwarded the first des patch to Verel, in Paris, by letter, requesting him to send it to Titlis, and had been enabled to give it an appearance of reality by seeing the two bales of wool inscribed in a ship's manifest. Verel confirmed this statement, and added that having, after reflection, ? repented of the fraud ho had practised, ho sent off the second despatch tho saino day to prevent- it doing any mischief. Tho prisoners both declared that they were not at firat aware of tho gravity of the act they had committed, and seemed very peni tent. Tho counsel for the defuuee urguodthat their clients hud not been guilty of forgery in tbo legal sen.so of the. word, aud denied that the brothers Termykertitchiang had any claim for damages. The jury, taking that viow of the case, brought in a ver dict of not guilty, and the court, in pronouncing their acquittal, said that the question of damages must be decided by a civil tribunal. 