^H The news by the February mail, is of vi-ry ^B considerable interest. Taking first . tbe ^H American intelligence, we find almost certain ^?indications .of a' speedy termination of tbe JKS civil war, either by exhaustion on one side or ~^B tlie other, or by foreign .interference. Al ? ^% though Great Britain continues firm to her /| policy of nofl-intervenlion, France grows im ', / patient, end it is not improbable that tbe .fy' peremptory .tejeetiun of her proposal for ' ister Seward's quarrel with tuiJ point blank t contradiction of the French Minister, and tbe 1 resolution of tbe North to issue letters of ? marque, will .precipitate the intervention of ;. tbe French Emperor. It is en ominous cir j cumstance that tbe money-brokers of Paris y jl have offered to lend three millions sterling to ? tbe Confederate States, on seven per csnt. . ? bonds, payable eiiUer in cash or cotton, six Vl months after the conclusion of peace. French \- 1 1 c«pitalists must have a pretty confident opinion : I \ that affairs trill ultimately be settled to the iijLV \ odvanlage of the South. In tbe meantime, j,^~ A gigantic preparations are beiug made for fur ; ' )ii'er 6trugg'eE- I' seems that tbecanal which v^Vas many months ago commenced, across a ryjeck of land forming' a peninsula in the IIissi6sippi, in the rear'of Vickshurg, her at : , Jpngtb been made navigable ; tot the original 1 1 Mea of isolating Vicksburg by these means, I ' U nsing tbe free navigation of the Mississippi | '\ spite of that strongly fortified city, was I \i impracticable, an'd another attack' is I ' litaied, the success of which is very doubt 1 V At. Charleston, the Confederates, by a ^i- ' jous attack 'and the destruction of several pBMhas«)Q|ieral vessels, had. temporarily raised the ???|| blockade, but It was immediately afterwards J| resumed, reinforcements having arrived. On jW the Rappahannock all seemed quiet. McClel K Ian has resumed command of the FedenJ S army there, and ihiny-five thousand men, ?p- nnder Bnrnside, bad advanced towards Snffvlk. B The continuaiibn of the war was viewed with B general dissatisfaction, -and, with all onr hatred W of slavery ,' we .can' hardly see bow this deBpe g' rate struggle can otherwise end than in the 1 permanent dissolution of the American Union. r In the midst of- these speculations and. ; . ccmpUcations^awar-blaBtcomes from Poland, ? almost sufficient to arouse the martial ghost' _;?';,' «f Koduuzko. The besotted 4espotism iand olisiinacy of the King of Prussia teemed likely to draw all Europe into the Polish quarrel. The Poles had been successful in several small engagements with Eussian troops, lint' of . courto there would be ntrinbers of fugitives amongst the insurgents, «nd, some of these Wing found their way across the Prussian frontier, King -William bad entered imp ? , treaty with Eassia in which lie undertook to ?Btrender these people. Strange, indeed, lh»t tlie father-in-law of the 'daughter of England' should take « course so batefuf in (ho cjesof ?he English people. Even in Fmnce, whcre; political hospitality and conBtitutional freedom are not exaqly rampant, a feeling of the strongest indiguation ' had manifested itself ; tbe government had been urged to prevent the fulfilment of this abominable extradition treaty — a fugitive slate-law as it may be called ; and the consequence was the formation of ? triple- alliance, between Great Britain, France, and Austria, for the purpose of '«*? postulating with Prussia. No doubt all this looked threateningly, and another Russian war. was freely speculated upon. It will be seen, however, that the Prussian Chambers had condemned the king's policy, and that his ministers had resigned. These evidences of public opiuion at home may convert the king, and it is to be hoped that they will do so; for another, war with Bussia, however useful it might t-e to France, in further weakening .the power whose alliance' with' England is dreaded, wonld not be beneficial tc Great Britain,- or in accordance with her true policy, which is always to be on terms of comparative amity with some maritime power whose, alliance might be sufficient to compen sate for the loss of that of Fiance. The preparations for the marriage of the Prince of Wales continued to be made on a scale of great splendour. In the meantime, the Prince bad taken his seat in the House of Lords — an event the parallel of which had not occurred for eighty years before. For the twentieth time we hear again of tbe Bishopric of Gonlburn. Prince Alfred was so ill as to be an inmate of the n&val; hospital at Malta. The army and navy estimates had been reduced. Tbe Queen was in good health, and intended to be present privately at tbe marriage of her heir. For the rest of the news we must refer to the report. There is abundance to afford food for speculation, and the tidings are not altogether free of the elements of anxieiy. 