ASSESSMENT OF RUNS.— APPEAL CASE AT CASTLEMAINE. An appeal from an assessment by the Government of tho Cairn Curran and Muckleford runs, occupied by Mr M. Bryant, was heard, yesterday, at the Survey Office, before arbitrators, appointed under the 109th clause of the Land Act. Mr Skene ap- peared on behalf of the Government. Messrs. J. Orr, M. Pogson, and J. Hogg were the arbitrators — the latter on behalf of the Crown. Mr Paynter was retained by the appellant. Mr Bryant deposed that he was the proprietor of Cairn Curran. Did not know its exact area. About 30,000 acres had been taken from both runs, and the water frontage from Cairn Curran. It would carry only one sheep to four acres. About 2000 acres were unavailable. Some diggings were opened on the run about a year ago. Some thousands of sheep had to be removed from the runs, as they would not carry them. Mr J. Menzies deposed that he had held an adjoining run for the last fifteen years. The Cairn Curran Run, with tho Loddon water frontage taken away, would only carry a sheep to four or five acres ; the worst portion of the run was left. Had never known so favorable a season as this for feeding. Had origi nally held the Muckleford Run, but now believed there was only a narrow strip left; the land had been sold and some taken up as diggings; the whole of the land on the Muckleford Creek had been sold. When he originally took the run it would carry about 9000 sheep ; but now it would only carry a sheep to every six or seven acres ; a good deal of what was left of the ran was scrubby ranges. Mr Donald Campbell deposed that he was the proprietor of an adjacent station. He thought that, after cutting off the water frontage, tho Cairn Cur- ran run would only carry a sheep to five or six acres. All the water frontage to the Muckleford run was sold to tho Crown. Mr H. Orr deposed that he had been twenty-four years in the dis- trict as a pastoral tenant of tho Crown. Until re- cently he had held a station. Believed that the Cairn Curran run would not now carry more than one sheep to five acres. A good deal of the Muckle- ford run was very scrubby country. Mr J M'Lean deposed that he was the manager of Mr Bryant's's station, called Cairn Curran. It would not carry more than one sheep to five acres. Had been in the colony twenty-six years, and had never seen a more favorable season for pastoral purposes. The Bradford diggings on the run occupied a good strip of country. Cross-exa- mined : Cairn Curran Run was six miles long and about three wide ; out of this, at least two miles were occupied by farms. Should think there were about 40,000 acres of Crown lands on tho two runs. There are now about 9000 sheep on the two runs ; but some of them are on purchased land. The best part of the land (i. e. the most valuable land) had been sold. James Scott, a shepherd in Mr Bryant's employ, estimated that from six to eight acres were required for each sheep. The water had been taken away ; had to travel sheep over purchased land to get water, or encroach on the common- ago, which would not be allowed. The present was a very favorable season for pastoral purposes ; thore had been a similar one some seven years ago. Mr Couchman, district surveyor, deposed that the area of Crown lands on the Cairn Curran run, was 19,000 acres, i.e, exclusive of commonage and sold lands. A good deal of tho country was poor, but much was fair grazing land. Should think that two and a half acres to the sheep would be a fair esti- mate of its capabilities. Tho Muckleford run had 15,000 acres of Crown laud ; its capabilities were similar to those of Cairn Curran. The water front- ages had been partly sold, also some of the best land. The Maldon Common was partially dug up by miners. Cross-examined ; Had never had practical ex- perience on a sheep station, either as proprietor, overseer, or shepherd ; but had opportunities of judging the capabilities of land. Knew what sheep farming was in England ; but, as to the present case, simply spoke to the best of his knowledge, without putting his opinion in opposition to that of Messrs Menzies, Orr, Campbell and others. Examination continued : Know what returns Mr Bryant had made in 1862, namely, the Muckleford Run, 7700 sheep ; Cairn Cumin Run, 14,970. (Re- turns produced, signed by Mr Bryant.) This gave two acres and four-elevenths to a sheep. After making deductions for sheep running on purchased land, there were 11,100 sheep on the Cairn Curran Run and common. Thus there were 20,000 acres, giving two and four-elevenths sheep to the acre. There was access to water without passing over purchased land on both runs. No land had been sold on the Muckleford Creek for the last three years. If the common were taken away, it would reduce the capa- bility of Cairn Curran to 8300 sheep. After cross- examination by Mr Paynter, Mr Skene remarked that a piece of commonage, which it was alleged prevented the appellant from using a large extent of the run, was not proclaimed until after the rent due on the run was payable. The arbitrators had to decide on the extent of the run when the rent was due in June — not as to any subsequent alienations; those must form the subject of a separate appeal. Mr Paynter objected to this view of the case, and referred the arbitrators to several clauses of tho Act, especially the 109th. He argued that the capabilities of the run must be taken as they stood. As to Mr Surveyor Couchman's evidence, he would have the arbitrators take that for what it was worth ; surely such evidence would not be placed in op- position to that offered by such practical and ex- perienced men as Messrs H. Orr, Menzies, Camp- bell, &c.; The room was then cleared, and the arbitrators left to decide on their award. After a long deliberation, the arbitrators arrived at a con- clusion, namely, that in future the rent to he paid for the Cairn Curran run should be £166 13s 4d per annum ; and the rent for the Muckleford run should be £133 6s 8d. The costs in the case amount to £68, which tho Board of Land and Works will eventually have to pay. — M. A. Mail, Dec. 29. Collection of Agricultural Statistics. — In accordance with tho suggestion of tho Registrar General, it is proposed to collect the next statistical returns of agriculture, vineyards, livo stock, &c.;, by instrumentality other than tho police, and, as far as may be practicable, to render availublo for the pur pose tho existing arrangements for the registration of births, deaths, and marriages. Work of this description is not only unconnected with ordinary police duties, but to some extent incompatible with tho proper discharge of tho latter ; and it is to be anticipated that, if entrusted to the district regis trars and other suitably qualified persons, it mil be accomplished with greater accuracy and prompti tude than under tho old system — thus adding ma 'materially to tho value of its results. — Maitlaml Mercury. Narrow Escapes from Snaiii:s. — On the after noon of Saturday last, us a resident on Quarry Hill, accompanied by his family, was crossing tho rail way reservo, a snnlto was suddenly seon darling across tho path, and before a cry of ularrn conld warn, the reptile darted through, between or under tho feet of ono of the children, and continued its course in a direct line for tlie booking office until a well-aimed blow from a walking-stick put a stop to its wriggling journey, and convertod it at once into a specimen of a whip snake, measuring 33 inches in length. The escape of tho littlo girl was almost miraculous, and how sho escaped sotting her foot upon it is wonderful, as then sho would have been bitten to a certainty. Mr Simpson, of the Great Eustem Hotel, Axe Creek, whilo sitting in his. parlor with two or threo friends, tho other day, wus startlod by observing a brown snake, about two feet long, come in at the door and cross tho room. The social circlo was soon broken np. Mr Simpson got up on the sofa, and as tho reptile was passing ho jumped ou its back and iiilled it. — Bendigo Adver tiser, Deccnibor 29. Intellectual Christmas Amusements at Smytiiesdale. — At Smythesdalc (writes our corres pondent) the ghost of ' Old Christmas' was not to he seen, and Christmas Day has proverbially hecomo the dullest in the year. Somo few picnic parties were made up for that picturesque spot kuown as the Devil's Kitchen, and woro woll repaid for their visit, as tho ' Gcordies,' who now muster in num bers in that locality, had got up some excellent sports. On Boxing day tliero was a decided im provement in tho stuto of affairs, thanks to Mr Dent, tho spirited proprietor of the Royal Hotel, who instituted, as ou former years, a variety of sports. These comprised foot races, jumping raccs, throwing the heavy stone, &c.; But the most amusing event of all wus an eating match of bread and treacle for as many boys as liked, tho hoy that cat the most to be the winner, provided his mother know liim when he got home. If the young urchin's mother did know him when lie got homo, sho must have been a wise woman indeed. This event was witnessed by a dusty traveller by tho Hamiltou mail, which had just stopped to change horses, and, x-emarking that it was the only onlivcning incident ho hud witnessed on tho road, throw tho youngster hftlf-a-crown. — Ballaarat Star, December 29. 