NEW BAPTIST CHAPEL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. YESTERDAY afternoon, the foundation stone of a new Baptist Chapel was laid, in Castlereagh street, just below Liverpool-street, Several hundreds consisting of many members of the congregation, attending on the ministry of the Rev, John Banyan M'Cure, and friends of various denominations, and from different parts of the metropo- lis and neighbourhood, were assembled on tbe occasion. Among those present were Charles Scott, Esq., who presided at the ceremony; the Rev. J. B. M'Cure, minister of the congregation; the Revs. A. W. Murray, Dr. Steel, B. Blair, Emery, Morgan, Hicks, James Voller, R. Hartley, and Messrs. Thomas Jones, Beau- mont, and Chislett. The proceeding's were commenced by the Rev. J. B. M'Cure, who gave out the hymn be- ginning, - Behold the sure foundation stone, Which God in Zion lays.. which was sang by the assembly, Mr. Chislett leading Prayer waa then offered by the Rev Mr. Morgan. The Rev. J. B. M'CURE then addressed the audience. He said the occasion of their being gathered together was a most solemn and important one ; it was to lay the foundation of their future place of "worship; They would call it " the Lord's house." .The salvation of the Lord would be then manifested to the public ministrations of the Gospel, They called it a "chapel," and not a " church" because the word " church" was applied by tho Lord to the spiritual building; the company of the redeemed. They had authority for the use of the word " chapel." In Amos they read of " the king's chapel," and in the margin it was " sanctuary." They hoped this place might be ''the King's chapel." It would be their unceasing prayer that it might-be visited by His royal presence. In building this house they looked for the healing virtue of the Lord to recover sinners from guilt and ruin ; it would also be a place for saints to associate in family order. Such a house was necessary for them. They had dwelt almost two years in a hired lodging, and for several months had been tenants at will, who might be turned out at any moment. Their grand aim was that the Lord might be glorified. He then read the following document :- - This chapel ie to be erected to the honour and for the worship of the True God of heaven and earth, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, by a people denominated Particular Baptists, united together in church-fellowship, under the pastoral care of John Bunyan M'Cure, maintaining the doctrines of the Holy Trinity of three equal persons in the divine essence-Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; the eternity of Jehovah's love; eternal and personal election : a covenant of grace ; particular redemp- tlon complete justification by Immanuel's work; effectual calling or being born again by the free gift, an Irresistible operation of God the Holy Ghost; baptism by Immersion; the Lord's supper, administered only to Immersed believers : a practical regard to all moral duties, with the certainty of divine strength given to persevere from manifest grace here to the enjoyment of eternal glory hereafter. We believe in the resur- rectlon of the body, with a general judgment; that Christ will be the universal Judge ; that, the judgment being over, the wicked shall go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into life eternal. Now, all end each of these doctrines and ordinances we look upon ourselves, under the greatest obligations, to embrace, main- tain, and defend, believing ourselves called upon to stand fast in one aplrit, with one mind, striving together for the faith of the Gospel. And whereas we are very sensible that our conversation both In the world and in the church, ought to be as becometh the Gospel of Christ, our heart's desire is that we may walk in wisdom towards those that are without, and exercise a conscience void of, offence towards God and man, by living soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world. And as to our regards to each other, in our church communion we esteem it our privilege to walk with each other in all humility and brotherly love ; to watch over eaoh other's conversation ; to stir up one another to love and good works; not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as we have opportunity to worship God according to his revealed will, and, when the case requires, to warn, rebuke, and admonish one another, according to the rules of the Gospel. And onto Father, Son, and Holy about, Israel's Triune God, who hath given us a place and a name batter than that of sons and daughters, we desire to ascribe eternal praise. Amen, and amen. This foundation stone was laid In the name of the Holy Trinity, by Charles Sc0oti, Esq. of the city of Sydney, New South Wales, on Monday, May 11th, 1883, assisted by the following minsters: Revs. - Morgan, A. W. Murray, R. Hartley, Dr. Steel, and John Bunyan M'Cure. Trustees appointed by the Church :-Messrs. William Pont, Joseph Clark, Joseph Dickson, senior, George Wagg, Jesse Cowley, William H. Lee, and Rev. John Bunyan M'Cure. CHARLES SCOTT, Esq, then deposited a bottle contain ing tbe above confession, with the Sydney papers for the day in the stone. He then proceeded to lay the stone, spreading a layer of mortar underneath the stone, which was lowered into its plaoe by tbe masons. Then giving three taps with tbe mallet, Mr. Scott said : I declare this foundation stone for a Particular Baptist Chapel, to be well and truly laid. In the name of the Father, in the name of the Son, and in the name of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Mr. Scott then continued ; In thanking yon for being thus honoured to lay a foundation stone for the Lord's House, where we believe the great truths of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ will be faithfully preached and maintained, I must say we are all truly happy in uniting with you in this your great work and labour of love for you Saviour's sake. And by our presence we hope to encourage, you in this good work, and would join you in gratitude and love to the God of all grace, who has in the short space of two years so prospered and blessed yon in all your efforts. We pray that blessing rosy attend you, and when this house is finished we pray that the rich bless- ing of God, whose ate the silver and the gold, may help you to oomplete this building; and may you, through His grace, be enabled to rear within these walls a spiri- tual temple that shall continue for ever, the foundation being the apostles and prophets, and Jesus Christ him- self being the chief corner-stone. The Rev. A. W. Murray said of the importance of that occasion they could form little conception. He rejoiced that they had accomplished what they bad. The success of all their efforts depended on their having the blessing of God : "Except the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it." They needed, therefore, the fullest assurance of God's blessing upon the undertaking, and for that end three things were necessary :-1. The thing most be right in itself; God cannot be a patty to anything not in itself good. 3. It must be a thing which we are called in God's providence to do. 3. It must be gone about in a right way. He thought the undertaking they were about would bear those three tests. The Rev. B. HARTLEY said the movement of that day was allied to events that would be known in eternity. Upon our present state depends our future happiness. Let each ask on what foundation am I building All the bearers of the word were described by the Saviour as building a house upon the rock, or as building on the sand. Other foundation could no man lay than that is laid- Jesus Christ, Scenes of that kind were as- sociated with some of their most pleasing remembrance's. He hoped there would be many who would have started for heaven in that place of worship. Let them exert themselves to keep the place free of debt. Let them pray tbat no accident might befall those employed in the building, and that there might be no loss of property, especially that it might be the plaoe of blessings for eternity. The Rev. Dr. STEEL then addressed the meeting. He said each places were, doubtless dear to the great Father of the Christian family: ' 'Mothers loved the places where any of their children were born; end all earthly relationship are shades of the heavenly. The places where souls are born to God must be dear in His sight. Their highest desire was that such places as that should be the spiritual birthplaces of adults. When Voltaire- praised, courted, admired by the World-was near his end. he said. "I wish I had never been born." Haly- burton, a faithful minister, when reduced to a skeleton, recounting to the students who assembled round his deathbed, the rainy miracles he had received, said, "I have my father and mother, and eleven brothers and sisters in heaven before me; and I am going to join them. I bless God that ever was born." The great object of that temple was to bring spiritual stones and build them upon the true foundation. He had seen in blocks of limestone, evidence that the mineral was formed of what once were living creatures. It was a marvellous transformation. But it was more marvellous when souls ones dead in sin were, made alive for evermore. When Solomon's temple was built," no sound of chisel and hammer was heard there. That work was done far away in the quarries; and so the material work was done here below for the spiritual temple that was to be raised above. He prayed that in that temple many might be built up as lively stones, on the true foun- dation. The audience then sang the Doxology, and the Rev. J. B. M'Cure pronounced the benediction. 