MELBOURNE. (Argus.) At the_ weekly meeting of the Council- of the Acclimatisation Society, on Tuesday, the chair was vacated by Dr Thomas Blaok, the acting president, in favour of Mr Edward "Wilson; the president, who returned from Europe only last week. Mr Wilson delivered on the occasion an address, explanatory of the progress _ which the acclimatisation movement is making in England. He referred to tho assistance which the Im perial Government had consented to give the cause by requiring its representatives through out the world to supply answers to a number of acclimatisation queries, _ and by placing Her Majesty's Navy at the disposal of tlie Acclima tisation Society of Great Britain, and its branches. He mentioned the progress that had been mado in tho creation of a fund for the striking of medals for. presentation to those who may render important service to the Acclimatisa tion Society of Victoria. Mr Wilson also called attention to the fact that Miss Burdett Coutts, Sir Charles Nicholson, Sir Daniel Cooper, and other personages of influence and wealth, had undertaken from their _ own resources to intro duce to Australia particular birds and animals. Miss Coutts, for instance, bad promised the nightingale, and proposed forwarding hither spe cimens of that bird until it was fully established. Mr Wilson urged that the example, was one which might well be followed by rich Victo rians. The address was listened to with great attention, and at its close, Dr Black'warmly congratulated tho society on the return of its president. At a meeting of the Anti-Transportation League Committee, held on Tuesday at the Town hall, the Hon. W. C. Haines in the chair, it was resolved that the hon. secretary be author ised to get both the addresses of the -League to the people of England printed together, . for the purpose of transmission home by the out going mail. - It was also resolved that-a meet ing be held at four p.m. on the morrow, for the purpose of expressing tho thanks of the League to Mr Edward Wilson for his consistent and persevering efforts in England ogainst the re sumption of transportation to the Australian colonies. The consideration of an address to the neighbouring colonies was also postponed until the meeting on the following _ day. The hon Secretary was instructed to furnish to the offices of the principal merchants copies of such documents as they might desire to inclose in their business communications to their corres pondents in the old country. The fjood in the river .continues, to subside, though slowly. On Tuesday the current flow ing through the gap at the St Eilda road having also ceased, the work of repair commenced ; and it is possible that vehicles may be able to pass between Princes-bridge ana the Immigrants Home in the course of tho day. Several of tho long-detained steamers were ablo to leave the wharfs, and make their way out of tho river. No less than ten vessels were cleared at the Custom house. Immigrants Wanted. — It is generally supposed that a Branch Immigration Depot has been opened at Kyneton, but - to all practical intents this is a mere delusion. For some timo past tho number of immigrants has been confined to the wives and children of three married inen, who, having obtained work for a few days some time ago, are now de prived of rations, and are looking for employment, or engaged on their own account in the country. Of single male immigrants there are literally none, and single females are not allowed to be forwarded to the Kyneton Depot. We wonder what the au thorities mean by this arrangement. Perhaps there is not another place in Victoria where female ser vants of this cIbbs generally brought out byGovern- ment would be engaged so readily as in Kyneton. It is a well known fact that in all the Melbourne labour offices it is a stereotyped notice that general servants are wanted for Kyneton. In this respect, too, the demand is still on the increase, with the progressive settlement of the district, and now, to wards tho harvest season, it will be still greater. Of what use, we would like to know, is tho ghost of au immigration depot in a populous community like this, when the very class of immigrants required i3 not forwarded here t Tho Immigration authorities make 'a great mistake if they imagine that married couples with families are the class of servants re quired. Such might be adapted for a pastoral dis trict, where shepherds aud hut-keepers are needed, and where tho females could bo engaged iu cooking, washing, and such-liko employments. What wo most require in this locality is a good supply of farm labourers, who have some knowledge of their busi ness, and also general domestio servants. For tho latter class, if the girls are in any way up to the mark, thero is always a Steady demand ; and for the former, if they be steady and industrious, there is no occasion for them to be long out of employ ment. Now, as harvest "approaches, almost any kind of farm labourers will bo employed, and this year tho number required will bo still greater than during any former season. A larger breadth of land is bowii in grain crops, and, still more, a great portion of the harvest will require to be reaped by hand labour instoad of machinery, owing to its being broken down by tho late heavy storms. If wageB, then, bo moderate, or in any way reasonable, farmers will prefer, for -their own advantage, to have their grain crops reaped by hand, and thus, during tho-approachmg two or three months, the demand for labour in thin dietriofc trill havAPvtrrMf. Observer, 