BAPTIST CHAPEL, WHITE HILLS. | LAYING FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Baptist Chapel, White Hills, took place yester day, before a large concourse of people. It will be fresh in the memory of our readers that a short time since a similar observance was held in the same neighborhood, when the foundation stone of an Episcopalian Church was laid by the Rev W. R. Croxton. On this occasion a layman performed the pleasing duty, and received, like his clerical brother, a handsome silver trowel-the handle myall wood, besides being presented with a Solid red gum mallet. So numerous have been the ceremonials of this cha racter lately, and so high are the aspirations of the communicants of the various churches that it would ill become lay folk like ourselves to doubt for a moment that the several religious edifices in course of construction will soon rise in their majesty and be speedily out of debt. We heartily wish such may be the case, and hasten to furnish our readers with as full, true and particular an account as our columns can contain of the ceremony and the subsequent dis courses. At a quarter past four in the afternoon the busi ness of the meeting was opened by a hymn, which was followed, by a prayer from the Rev. Taylor. - Mr Renny, the pastor of the Baptist Church at the White Hills, then in an appropriate address pre- sented Mr Mclntyre, the Chairman of the Munici pality, with a handsome silver trowel and mallet, with which he was to perform the sacred ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the church. The trowel bore the following inscription.,- "Presented. to John McIntyre, Esq, C.M.C. on his laying the foundation stone of the Baptist Chapel, White Hills, 2nd June 1863. Mr McIntyre expressed his. warm acknowledg ments for the presentation, and then proceeded to lay the stone. In this he was assisted by the archi tect of the building. Underneath the stone were, placed in a bottle copies of the local papers, a copy of the "Evangelist," and a report of the rise, and progress of the Baptist Church in that part of the district. Mr Mclntyre having declared the foundation stone of the Baptist Chapel, White Hills well and truly laid, delivered an address to the following effect:- After thanking the gentlemen who honored him so much by requesting him to perform so interesting a ceremony, he said that it was a source of sincere pleasure to him that his maiden attempt at founda tion stone laying should be in laying one for a build ing which was to be devoted to the worship of their God and Redeemer. He then highly complimented the activity and Christian zeal of the Baptists re sident in the White Hills portion of the district. Their efforts were highly praiseworthy, and their success, creditable. In 1859 they only numbered twelve, since which time, they had been gradually gaining strength, and now they had a congregation, of between 80 to 100. The building, he understood, was not to have any' great claim1 to architectural beauty, but it would have all that was practically re- quired in the shape of accommodation. It would, when finished, hold 250 persons, and was to be erected at a cost of some £350 or £400. The gen tlemen who had undertaken the responsibility of this good work would require considerable assist ance to enable them to complete it, but he little doubted that the Christian spirit of the district would see them successfully through it. He then expressed considerable gratification that notwithstanding the decadence of the district so generally talked about, so many of God's houses were rearing their heads in all directions. These and these alone were the only sure sign of settlement and happy contentment on the part of the people. No better proof of the cer tain and progressive permanence of the district could be sought for than this one fact. He then said that such edifices were now, and would be much more required throughout the colony than they even were before inasmuch as the system of non-religious instruction in their schools, both public and private, was becoming daily more prevalent. Now religious, instruction, he contended, must be obtained some-, where. It was said that the rising generation were receiving a moral education, but it was all nonsense to talk of moral training without religious instruc tion; moral training must comprehend religious training, it was a misnomer without it. And it was the primary duty of parents to see that their children received religious instruction. It was, he knew, thought by many parents that the best means of giving their children this instruction was at the domestic hearth-he highly prized home teaching, but such teaching, without example, was and unless parents took their children along with them to public worship all their fireside SSSotTs were, he feared, to a great extent, useless, at all events their practical effect was lost. He would express no opinion as to whether the system of non-religious instruction in their schools was right or wrong, further than he believed a system of education of a purely Na tional character could not in the strict sense of the word exist in such a mixed community as theirs, were the Bible allowed to be read indiscriminately in such schools. For he maintained that every parent had a perfect right to say whether or not his child should be taught the Bible in school, at the same time it was their imperative duty to teach them it some where. It was holding these views, therefore, that he was so much pleased to see such edifices as the one about to be erected on this spot springing up all around. They afforded parents an opportunity and were an additional stimulus to them to give their children that instruction, without which all they might learn would be almost valueless, because by giving their children a knowledge of religion they taught them virtue, and that which truly encouraged it. Let their children be without this grace to adorn them, and all their other acquirements, were as nothing. But the multiplicity of' such buildings as this, not only assisted to make up for the want of religious instruction in their schools, but they tended in a wonderful degree to turn many waverers to God. He concluded by trusting that the efforts of the Baptists in that neighborhood to raise a house to God would be crowned with success, and he also trusted that every other sect of the Christian Church in the district would lend a kind and helping hand; and of this he entertained no doubt whatever. That nothing but Christian love obtained amongst them was exemplified, in the fact of so many clergymen of so many denominations joining and assisting on the occasion. Mr Keen then shortly addressed the meeting, Mr Daniels closing it with prayer. After this ceremony was over those present ad journed to the Odd Fellows Hall, which was kindly placed at the service of the members of the church by Mr Ellison, for the purpose of holding their soiree. This was one of the most successful and numerously attended we have seen in the district. There must have been present nearly 300 ladies and gentlemen, exclusive of children. The viands were excellently provided by Mr Haynes. On the motion of Mr. Buchan, Mr McIntyre was voted to the chair. The Rev. Blewitt opened the meeting with prayer. The Chairman called on Mr Marks, the treasurer and secretary of the church, to read his report. It was most favorably received. The Rev Mr Butler, in a quiet but telling, address, moved the adoption of the report. The Rev. Abernethy seconded the motion in an eloquent speech. He applauded the efforts of the Baptists of the district, and commended them for their great success. He pressed on one and all of them the importance of self reliance, and at the same time showed that it was the duty of every section of the Christian Church to unite in assisting each other. The Speaker was frequently applauded during his speech. The report was then put and unanimously adopted. The Rev J. Nish then addressed the meeting, taking for his subject the non-existence of ghosts, and ably and forcibly showed the fallacy of Mr Blair's pleas for these shadowy beings. The Rev W. R. Fletcher engaged the attention of the audience in a most interesting manner for some ten minutes. The meeting was afterwards ably addressed by the Revds J. Taylor, Keen, Renny and Blewitt. The choir, presided over by Mr Hopkins, made the evening pass most pleasantly by their beautiful rendering of several anthem. Votes of thanks to the ladies, choir, chairman, speakers, and to Mr. Ellison for the use of the room, concluded a most pleasant evening. Municital 0VKauRArr.-ft appears,that,,th'p Ciistlemame Municipal Council: aro, deeply, in volved m debt. The Mail says 'the'overdrafts, :&c.;, amount to £6000.-Kynttnn Ob.inrverl'h! NKWS FBOY. tiik CAPH.-)Ve,, .4ixiMjhaye"oar .files from the Cape jo'f i Gooil^llQjie 'to tlie. 9th April. .The news is of little importance. . The "Eastern,Province .Herald .states); that tjie^, Miniafry \- were likely to impose a tax of ;k. haUpcni>y pe>' pound on all wool exported. The Telegraph re ports that a vessel, believed to be a Confederate cruiser, w#i homing off the D»po. 