MISCELLANEOUS. TOBACCO.—Mr. Ilenely, of Oxley, informed me yesterday, that from one and a half acres planted with liavannali tobacco, he had obtained a first crop of J,0l6lb. of JeaC Ho believes that the total crop from bis eighteen seres will be something over ten tons of tobacco, which, at the rate of 2s. per lb., will be worth £2,240. At this rate tobacco iB the crop of crops.— Wangaralta Cm respondent of the Border Past. A SCIENTIFIC FACT.—Sonic Indies recently paid a visit to the Magnetfc Observatory, Melbourne, and were kindly taken by Professor Neumaycr into the under-ground room where the magnets are placed. There was instantly produced a great commotion amongst the instruments, and the Professor seemed for a moment puzzled, but recollecting what a load of steel ladies generally carry about with tliem, the visitors with their hoops had to make a speedy exit. Ladies desirous of seeing the Observatory will do well to leave their hoop arrangements at home.— Yeoman. ICniii'iNc GUAI'KS.—The Gardeners' Chronicle states that Mr. Thomson, of Dalkeith, adopted the following method of keeping grapes with great success .—In cutting the grapes lie left the bunches attached to tiie branches that bore tliem, sharpened the points of the branches where they Imd been detached from the parent stein, and rail them a couple of inches into mangold-wurtzel roots. They were laid on (he shelf of the fruit room, and the grapes allowed lo hang over the shelf, where they could be cut as required. They kept perfectly plump until tlie last bunch wa« consumed. Toiucco IROM CUESWJCK.—We, Yeoman, have received a sample of manufactured tobacco from a correspondent at Creswick. In ^earaac« it ie not by any mew jieptBseasiug, ^ . for having been pressed apparently Between! pieces of ciolh, tiie tobacco is deeply imprini^l I with impressions of it, and seems likea flattens! mass of rags. Ou having its smoking qualitia tested, the Creswick tobacco ie undoubted),] superior to uiucli of Uie tobacco manufacture 1 hero from colonial produce. Some mans I facturers FO saturate tlie leaf with moisture IJ the form of treaele or some other ingredjj,!f 1 that the t-ibacco will not burn. The satnui from Creswick, however, burns well and t],! flavor is agreeable, although there is evident^ a vegetable odour about tho leaf, probably fr01; | its having been imperfectly " sweated." A Ni:w AUCUME.NT AGAINST CMNOJ.IKE._ 1 A medical gentleman states a new argument I against crinoline, which is certainly nstonial, I ing. In a letter to a London paper, lie says -J] j " 1 trust that you will find a space in I columns for this iny protest against the cQ,, | tinuance of this shameful fashion which is a disgrace to the age wc live in. From tt» knowledge guined ill the course of a toleniblv extensive practice amongst the better classes f can assure you that the effects of wearing till I weight of hoops nnd pel ticoats round the waist is dreadful. Hernia has incrcised to a friglu ful extent, and varicose veins and permanent and must serious injuries to portions of tlio abdominal regious (which of course cannot be particularized in a public print) prevail to an extent of which the public lias not the loait idea. Were J a young man, I should now hesi tale to marry any girl, 110 matter how beautiful s-jcrcr she might appear, uniess I had means of ascertaining through reliable sources tliat slic was in a proper state of health, lest 1 should find myself tied to a tiling of hoops and neui coats whom I ought to have taken to the nearest hospital instead of to church. Are our leaders of lashion so iucapabe of originating « dress that wc must go to 1 franco for her detestable follies? Why cannot some of our own ladies meet and determine a national and rational style of dress ? They might adont many loose and elegant forms of flowing to\iK without destruction to life and health (e.a the' Turkish costume in a most elegant and uncoil strained style). If something of tho kind is not soon done 1 can only warn the young men of the present day against marrying, as it is now a lottery in health where there nre seventy-five blanks to twenly-five prizes. I earnestly bono that my medical brethren will (end tbuj,. (1;,j J (0 tlie press to scout this dangerous abomination crinoline, out of tiie laud," TUB WAY TO TAKE Puvsic.—Tho Melbourne Slcdical iiecotJior February mentions tiie follow' ing pleasant mode of administering castor-oil as being recommended by M. Martin. The quantity of oil required is put in nil c.irthern pan, an egg is broken 011 it. the pan is then heated, and the oil and egg shaken up together 60 as to produce an anf hrouiHe. A little salt is then added. "I have given," he says, "to a ; man an omcleite of three eggs aud 45 grammes of oil, and he has eaten it without finding out the oil." A correspondent wilting to us from . Glenelg states that a lady there having lately a I little invalid boy visiting her for the benefit of | sea-bathing, gave him some castor-oil in warm ; milk, simply 6aying, "Here's something foryou " Tiie child drank it with apparent relish and the next morning asked for " some more of , what she gave him yesterday." It appears however, that the lady had supplemented Jier gift by the present of a piece of orange peel which perhaps counteracted the nauseous flavor o£ the oil.— Sonth Australian Register. ANGLO-SAXON - IVEIIIIIKGS.—Not till the ninth or tenth century did women obtain the privilege of choosing or of refusing their husbands Often they «-cre betrothed as children, (ho bridegroom's pledge of marriage being accompanied by a"securily"or"wed,"whenceconies the word " wedding." l'art of the wed always consisted of a ring, placed upon the maiden's right hand, nnd there religiously kept until transferred to the other hand at the luer nuptials. Then, also were repeated ihe marriage vows and other ceremonies, out of which those prevailing have grown. The bride was taken "for fairer for fouler, for betlcr for worse, forjricher for poorer," and promised to be "buxom and bonny" to her future husband. At the fiunl ceremony the bridgegroom put the ring upon each of Ihe bride's left-hand fingers in turn, saying at the first, " Iu the munu of the Falhcr," at the second, "lu the name of the Son." at the (bird. " tn tlie name of tlie Holy Ghost," and at the fourth, "Amen." Then also, the father gave to his new sou one of his daughter's shoes, in token of the transfer of authority which he cflcctcd, and the bride was at once wmle to feel the change by a tap or blow oil her head given with ihe shoe. The huslvand, on his part tool; un oath to use his wife y.xll If 1,,. failed io ,]0 s0) she „,ig],t leave 11111, but by law he was allowed considerable licence. Ho was bound in honor "to bestow 011 his Wife and apprentices moderate castigallon.' We have nothing to show the exact amount of castigation held iiiDiierate by the Anglo-Saxons, but one old Welsh law decides that llireeblowBwith a broomstick on "any pal t of the person except the head" is 11 fair allowance : anil another provides that the stick be not longer Hum llm husband's arm nor thicker than his middle finger, l'rior to the seventh century, a wire might at m.y time be repudiated011 proof of her being cither barren, deformed, silly, passionate, luxurious, rude, habitually drunk, gluttonous, very garrulous, jj"s7 0r ahasWe — n '»l >l>^ Anglo-Saxon ? TUJ: HOUSE AMI BUTTIHG—Nobody is ever made more immoral by a taste for cows and cats. The donkey has flourished in civilized society for centuries wjihout ever inflicting the slightest moral injury upon those who take ail interest 111 his welfare. Hut the horse, the noblest of animals, seems to exhale an aroma of vice that clings to all around him, A racecourse is a centre of demoralization to a neighborhood for miles round. The bctting- IOUSCB arc averred, on good authority, to be tlie main source of the enormous dishonesty which characterizes the race of the domestic servants in l,„ndon. To be a horsedealer is, in vulgar repute, almost synonymous Willi being a rogue. The taint of Ihe trade is apt to catch even those who only engage in it fur the occasion. Just as the test of a clergyman's.morality is said to be his power of keeping Ins hands oft a stray umbrella— 311st as you never know ,1 woman's truecbai-acter till her daughters come out-eo the touchstone of a layman's honour is his behaviour in selling a Imrse to a dear friend. If he can resist the temptation of playing his friend adirty trick, he may be trusted with untold gold. Vet there seems no parlicihrreason m the nature of things why the traffickers 111 horses should not be just as respectable as land agents or jewellers. In the same way there is 110 obvious reason why a strong taste for horseflesh should be looked upon aB an outward sign of dissipated habits. Hut yet, If a young gentleman of large expectations betrays a vehement inclination for the turf, Ihe world concludes tliat he will certainly injure lus fortune, probably his prospects of usefulness nnd dislinction, and possibly even his good name. And the world is generally right. Going lolhe horses is too apt to be a y 10 80i E tllC 6 ? Iteiew"" " dog -—'Saturday Cum SCAKDAJ, AT I>ABIS.—The Paris correspondent of the' Indepcndance' thus refers to a circumstance mentioned by a I'aris correspondent:—" The recommendation of political reserve which was made to-day to the journals was accompanied by a another relative to a private fact, which ought to fall within the domain of justice. It refers to a scandal amongst gamblers, who accuse caeli others of cheating and robbery. The scene occurred at the house of one of the celebrities of the Parisian rfemi- Monde nnd amongst tlie actors in it arc mentioned, «u the one side several personages well known at the clubs, and on the other a renowned gambler, M G • ~> I"" 3 the director of a great artistic enterl prise. MX.——. 11,e two latter, it is said, had won a considerable euro, lco.ooof., when the losers alleged that the fiame was not fair. M G —was searched, and there was found upon liini packets of prepared cards, the players refused to allow tho winnings. It is eveu said tliat violence was used towards the two ovcr-successfuf players. The latter assert that much more was taken from fhem than they had gained, and tlicy are not sparing of recriminations and accusafions against tiieir adversaries. 1 heir protests, however, do not seem to have had much weight; for M. G— -was yesterday expelled two clubs, the • Cercle dea Americans, and the Cerde Imperial,• of which he was a a member. It was the Duke de Moray In pcrsunwnowas active in this step atthoOerel* 