BAPTIST ASSOCIATION OF VICTOltlA. The annual meeting of the Baptist Association of Victoria was held last evening, at the Collins street chapel, which was very respectably filled on the occasion. The Rev. D. Rees presided. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, and the secretary, the Rev. W. Poole proceeded to read the following report : — ' The executive committee of this association, in presenting its first annual report of the Baptist denomination in Victoria, would at the outset grateful acknowledgment to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ for having so graciously favoured with prosperity the Baptist churches of this colony. The increase of members and scholars in connection with the churches of this association will be gathered from the following statistics ' The number of members in connection last November was 1247; now they number 1456, showing a clear increase of 211. This does not give all the additions to our churches, for a deduction has been made of deaths, removals, and exclusions. The average addition to our churches after this deduction is a little over ten persons ; or, to put the state ment in another way, the net gain of tho churches, numerically considered, is about l62/3 per cent. Sunday schools belonging to the denomination show a still more favorable increase. November, 1862, the numbers of scholars attending the Sabbath schools of our churches was 1728 ; this year, the returns furnished give a total of 2063, showing a clear increase of 335, being at the rate of 20 per cent, nearly — or, in other words, we have a fifth more scholars than at this time last year. The general report from the churches not only exhibits an accession of members and scholars, but also an increase in the number of attendants upon public worship. Of this, it is impossible to give any numerical statistics, suffice to say that our congregations partake of the general prosperity. In addition to this many persons during the past year have adopted our views on Believer's baptism, have been baptised, but still retain fellowship with paedo-Baptist churches also. There are Baptist churches which have prospered during the year, not connected with this association. The number of new chapels opened for Divine worship by churches belonging to the association, is three — at Newstead, Maldon and Emerald Hill. A now chapel, at Sandhurst, is in progross, and, probably, will be opened during tho month of December, this year, for public worship. Two churches, Fenwick street Baptist church, . and Daylesford Baptist church have joined the association since our last annual meeting No new churches have been organised, but we rejoice in being able to state that steps are being taken for the formation of churches both in Melbourne and country districts. We deem it right to state that four young men have been trained for the work of the ministry by Mr James Taylor, pastor of Collins street Baptist church, who now aro laboring successfully in the cause of our Lord and Master Jesus Christ. These are — A. MacCormac, Newstead ; George Rickeby, Maldon ; T. Hamilton, Fitzroy, Collingwood; J. Taylor, Sandhurst Your committee give this fact in the hope that all the churches of the colony will strive to send forth from them men full of tho Holy Ghost, who shall be able fully and faithfully to proclaim the glories of the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. The changes that have taken place in our ministerial ranks aro as follows : — Mr J. Crosby, pastor of Emerald Hill Baptist church, died in December, 1862, aftor a very brief pastorate, during which he secured the esteem and love of the church under his care, and his labors were crowned with a large measure of success. We rejoice to say that the Saviour, whom he proclaimed to others, was an ample support to our departed brother in his last hours, He died in tho full assurance of the faith and peace of the Gospel. Mr William Potter has succeeded Mr Crosby in the pastorate. By removals to other places we have lost three brethren. Mr James Smith, of Castlemnine, has returned to India to rcsume his missionary labors as agent of the Baptist Missionary Society at Delhi. The health of our esteemed brother having been fully restored, he felt it his duty to return to the place for sixteen years he successfully wrought, till failing health compelled a change. During our brother's residence in Castlemaine he was ever ready for every good work, his zeal and activity were untiring, and the denomination at Castlemaine and other places owes much to Mr Smith's hearty co-operation and diligence. The church at Castlemaine is now under the pastorate care of Mr J. Ewence, who recently arrived from Bromsgrove, England. Mr R. Merton, late of Maldon, has removed to Ipswich, Queensland where we hear his ministry is successful, and valued. Mr G. Rickeby is now pastor of this church at Maldon. Mr S. Wilson, late of Tarnagulla left Victoria last December, for Perth, Tasmania and the church at Tarnagulla, is now under the charge of Mr W. Tranter. The committee are happy to report that the Australian Evangelist, edited by our brother Taylor, has been continued during the year ; the circulation is steadily increasing and we are satisfied that this publication has rendered good service to the denomination through out the colonies. The monthly issue of the Evangelist has now reached 3500 copies, or 1750 copies per number. The committee would earnestly urge increased effort on the part of every member of the denomination to extend the sale and influence of this periodical. It may be interesting to notice that, during the last seven years, upwards of £32,000 havo been expended by the Baptists of Victoria, on tho erection and purchase of places of worship ; the remaining debt on all the chapels connected with the association is under £5000. We are glad to report that our distinctive principles as Baptists are rapidly advancing in all the colonies. In Adelaide, South Australia, a very large and handsome building, erected at a cost of £8000, by the church under the charge of Mr S. Mead, was opened last April. Two other chapels are in course of erection. The churches in connection with Baptist denominations in South Australia amount to 32. The members of these exeed 1200 ; Sabbath scholars, 1500. There are 27 chapels built at a cost of £1700. An association has recently been formed. In Queensland our principles are fast gaining ground. In Brisbane, Ipswich, Maryborough And Rockhampton, churches have been formed and chapels erected. In New South Wales we have in Sydney three churches ; and four in other parts of the colony. New Zealand: We have a prosperous church in Auckland, one in Nelson, and one has been recently formed in Dunedin — the prospects of success in the latter place are most encouraging. In closing their report the committee would implore all interested in the progress of scriptural truth to contribute liberally towards the fund of the association and earnestly to seek the divine blessing on all its efforts for the promotion of the Divino glory, tho advancement of Christ's kingdom, and the temporal and spiritual welfare of men. Tho Treasurer, Mr Kerr, then read the financial statement, from which it- appears that the income of the year was £106 9s lOd, and the expenditure £63 13s Id. The Rev. G. Slade of Geelong, moved the first resolution, as follows : — ' 1. That this meeting desires to express its gratitude to God for the measure of success that has attended the Baptist association of Victoria during this, the first year of its existence; and would now earnestly implore that in all its future course the association may be guided by Divino wisdom, sustained by Divine power, and all its efforts crowned by tho Divino blessing. ' The Rev. Mr. Sutton, of Ballaarat, seconded the resolution, which was carried in the usual form. The Rev. James Taylor moved, and the Rev. W. Tranter, of Tarnagulla, seconded the next resolution as follows : — ' 2. That the new fields for Christian labor now opening up to us, where our distinctive principles as a denomination are welcomed demand from this association the most strenuous endeavors to occupy them.' The resolution was duly carried. The Rev. J. K. Ewence moved, and the Rev. W. Poole seconded, the third resolution as follows : — ' 3. That in order to meet the demands made upon this association for help, this meeting would urge upon the associated churches the need of cultivating an evangelistic spirit among the members, so that workers may be trained for the service of the Lord ; also, the need of more systematically and largely providing the funds needful for the carrying out of the purpose for which the association was formed.' The Rev. Mr Bentley, of Kyneton, also addressed the meeting. The several speakers were frequently applauded in the course of their addresses, which were earnest, appropriate anil effective. The meeting concludod with the wonted collection (which amounted to £20) and the benediction. The Rev. I. New was unable to attend this meeting in consequence of illness. 