LONDON ADVERTISING. [From the Daily News.] The most tempting advertisements which appear in the daily newspapers are those in which a large and certain income, with light, gentle-<*> manly occupation, and no mental wear and tear are promised tor a small payment. This form ot advertisement always catches a large class whose natural industry has probably been nipped in the bud by a small cash legacy. The harm that two or three hundred pounds may do is never con sidered by those friends and relatives who divide their little properties on equitable principles amongst a great number of legatees. Alum that will not open a decent shop, or secure a decent partnership, or do more than pay two or three years rent, or bay a grand piano with all the latest improvements, or start a Bank of Depositor purchase a treacly copy of one of the old masters, will often have a direful inflnence on the formation of character. It wfll make an idle man more idle; it will lead a procrastinating man to procrastinate stiU farther ; it will drive a gentleman of a wandering turn into the lolly of conventional travelling, and it may sow the seeds of extravagance in a man who is not strongly tainted with imprudence. A. small legacy or capital may do many worse things than these, which we might easily enumerate, but there is one thing which it is almost sure to do—it will cause its possessor to listen with a ready ear to the voice of the firat charmer who charms with ordinary advertising wisdom. A case in the Court of Common Pleas, reported yesterday as " Conran v. Janes," is a proof that a little capital is a dangerous thing, and, as a lesson to persons about to speculate in a small way, we may re-state it with advantage. A short time ago an advertisement appeared in the columns of a contemporary, which was adnurably drawn up to catch the eye of small capitalists. It ran as follows:— "To Ladies and Gentlemen—For £150 an established income of £300 a year, without occupation. Apply per sonally to Messrs. Sloper and Co., 51, Moorsate sfcreet, City." There was something particularly attractive .bout this advertisement. Some wary specula lors with limited means may have thought that it premised a little too mach, or that under the -mOi-tg surface of those large profits was hidden i fearful pit of loss and despair. The announce ment, however, drew more than the average number of personal applications, and the result iras that a Mr. Conran, a chemist and druggist, paid the money, and found himself in possession >f *_ very singular property. It was not a " r lf im 'f hatch" in a back street of the suburbs: it was not a turnpike in a public road receiving the tolls tor the fag-end of a contract ? t was not a baked-potato- caa of the advanced irder of construction; it was not the embalmed jody of Julia Pastrana, nor the speaking auto naton of M. Faber, which has now turned up igain as good as new in Paris, after hav" .xhausted London curiosity fifteen ?*" *"? [t was not a half-share in " "~ J* 5*1?, a**? .live-coloured pedestr*- -Jeertoot, the ;Ue Royalty tv- ti -**tt? nor ?w *-ea8e of British -z ,r~?>**** nor a panorama of _. _-__&mb;__ ; nor a share in a Borneo coal nor a promise of a seat in Parliament. It was not a living gorilla, nor a dead chimpanzee : rat nothing more nor less than a metropolitan jogie. It was one of those light and elegant itructures which made their appearance about -wo or three years ago in a few of our principal ftoroughiares, which by night look like turnip leaded ghosts set up to frighten horses, and by iayiight stand covered with advertisements in ?h-ces where he who wishes to be run over may read. Not to keep tho reader anv longer in sus pense, this property was nothing more nor less Jian the illuminated advertising column which stands between the end of the City-road and Finsbury-square. The price paid to a Mr. fanes, the proprietor, was £150 in cash and bills, ind the gentlemanly occupation, which was lighter than amusement, was at once entered iipou by the purchaser. Like all people going into a business which he knew nothing about, he -elieved ail tiie statements about tke profit to be derived from fhe column, and had no fear -bout the interference of the parish authorities, [f anyone had attempted to lead him astray -bout the value of drugs and chemicals, or the profit of a chemist and druggist's shop, he svonJd doubtless have had a ready and sensible answer; but hankering after that undiscovered Groloonda, which most people believe to be bidden i in every other business but their own, he paid [lis money and waited for extraordinary returns. I Cu a few weeks he found tihat the productiveness af his street eyesore had been vastly over-rated. It was ugly and obtrusive, but not profitable. Many of the advertisements were stuck up without authority from the advertisers, or paid for at a much lower rate than he had understood was charged by the previous proprietor. After a few weeks' barren ownership of a structure which was little better than a lamp-post, he became discontented, applied for his money back, and failing to get it, brought an action to recover it on the ground of misrepresentation. It was proved in evidence that the column had been bought at a public sale for £9 15s., being one of j the structures originally belonging to the IUu-1 minated Advertising Company (Limited). The I plaintiff had doubtless read the newspapers, and j was not ignorant of the failure of that Company, ] but for all that he thought he could do more with the property than those who had created | it. The defendant—a "Venetian blind-maker— must also have once labored under a similar de lusion when he snapped up such a troublesome and costly bargain. According to his statement on oath, he had spent £40 or £50 in repairing the column, in putting pavement round it, and in negotiating with the parish authorities to prevent it being removed. He was not satisfied with his purchase, so he sold it to Mr. Conran through Mr. Sloper. Mr. Conran was not satis fied with his purchase, so he insisted upon Mr. Janes taking it back through Mr. Justice Willes and a common jury. The column still stands— an eyesore to tho public, and a hideous warning to two speculative tradesmen, each of whom will probably for some time to come stick to a business which he understands. 