SLAUGHTERING CATTLE IN BUENOS AYRES. (FROM SOUTH AMERICAN SKETCHES. BY THOMAS WOODBINE HINCHLIFF, M.A., F.R.G.S.) A few days after my arrival at Buenos Ayres, I was taken by a friend to see some of the Saladeros and Barracas a little beyond the southern ex tremities of the city. The saladeros are enormous establishments in which tho cattle are slaughtered for their hides' and tallow, and their flesh is con verted into jerked beef ; the barracas are store houses for produce. On approaching this district there were plenty of indications of tho trade in dead beasts. In one place was a vast heap of what I at first imagined must bo gigantic mussel-shells, but they soon proved to he hoofs; a little further tho land was protected from tho encroachments of the Riachuelo river by a wall composed of thousands of skulls of cattle patched with sods of turf. Large and fierce dogs in great numbers lurked about' in corners, licking their lips after some dainty hit of offal surreptitiously walked off with, and looking os if they would soon take to the legs of a visitor if their natural supplies wore curtailed. Countless seagulls, surfeited with their filthy breakfast, were lazily trying to digest it on the land which they whitened with their presence, now and then whirl ing abcttit for a few moments, as if shaking themselves to make room for" a fresh supply of garbage. Presently wo saw a mighty cloud of dust, whence came a sound like muffled thunder, mixed with screams and mid yells. Stand clear ! got out of tho way! hero comes a drove of about a thousand cattle from tho country to bo slaughtered at tho soladeros. Not with the deco rous march of Smithfiold, come these devoted beasts—quite another stylo of thing, and well worth seeing. Four or five peons, or drivers, in brilliant ponchos of red, blue, and yellow, ride in front at full gallop, cracking tbeir whips, and screaming to one another, while you gladly draw np near the wall to get out of tho way, as they charge towards you. Close at their heels cornea tho whole herd, heads down and tails up, going at their maddest speed, encouraged thereto hy more peons at their sides. On tlu-y go, thundering through tho cloud of dust, and at last tho made line is ended by another sot of peons all shouting and urging on the wild race in such a state of whip-crack ing excitement, that even a calm spectator feels tho spell, and is almost ready to give up his soul to tho possession of the galloping ghost of Mazoppa. Half stifled with dust we went on our way to the sala deros, where we were to see the completion of bovine destiny, and arrived there about a quarter of an hour before tho slaughter commenced. About 800 beasts had been driven into a corral or enclosure, made of strong pasts nearly a foot thick, one side of which towards tho yard tapered off into a kind of funnel about six foot wide, which was crossed by a strong bar with an iron pnlly in it. This was ap proached by a small tramway, upon which travelled a track large enough to carry two of tho animals at the same time, and running parallel to the slaugh tering platform, which was of great size, and gently inclined towards the gutter made for car rying off the blood. Groups of dark- vi saged men and lads were chattering gaily as they sharpened their knives, and the chief exeouti nor stood by his post, somewhat raised over the bar and pulley. The pulley was traversed by a rope of the customary raw hide, one end of which terminated in the lasso or noose running on a ring of iron, and the other end was attached firmly to two horses standing saddled in tho open yard. Tho time had come ; two gaily dressed peons, with tho unfailing cigarette in their months, jumped lightly into the saddles of tho two horses, casting a Parthian glance behind to see if all was right; the infantry wore ready, knife in hand, and the work of death began. The batcher in-chief gathered up his lasso and with practised eye selected two beasts whoso heads were in sufficiently close proximity to be en tangled in a single cast. Ho swung it two or three times round his head, and in a moment tho four horns were firmly gripped with unerring accu racy. At a signal from him tire two horsemen spurred their steeds into a plunge forwards for about twenty yards witli the other end of tho rope, and instantly the poor brutes were dragged forwards till their heads were jammed hard against tho bar with the pulley. Then the executioner stoops, and with two quiet thrusts with his knife divides the spine a Utile behind the horns; ho casts loose the noose from their heads, and two corpses faU heavily on the truck wliich is ready to receive them ; the truck is rapidly wheeled to the platform, and another rope attached to a horse is fastened to a fore leg of each ; a touch of tho spur, a violent jerk, and the bodies are twitched off tho truck and de posited on tho platform with their heads close to tho gutter, while the trunk is sent back, for more victims. Two men seize on each, and cut their throats; tho hide is taken off with inconceivable skill and rapidity; knives glance, and with light, but marvellously accurate touch, tho head and limbs disappear. In about five minutes tho animal is Utcrally gone to pieces, vanished almost before ho has done kicking. The hide is hung up in one place; tho logs are on different hooks; the good moat is hang in huge slabs to cool upon long railings; and tho bony structure is carried off to tho steaming vats. Meanwhile tho fatal lasso is thrown again and again with horrible monotony, and tho whole platform is covered with animals flying to pieces so quickly that you cannot follow the operation. In a moderate day's work tho whole eight hundred will bo disposed of in this way. I never saw so disgusting a sight, and could not help thinking as I watched these wild-looking men, how quickly they might have turned us into un recognisable jerked beef and candles for exporta tion. Vast quantities of marcs are slaughtered for tho sake of their hides and grease; but the method of execution is different, as they are killed with a blow of a heavy hummer ou tho skull. Nobody in tho whole continent would think of riding a mare, so all are killed except those required for tho purpose of brooding. Thousands upon thousands of seagulls fatten ou these scenes of slaughter, and find a paradise in what must bo the infernal regions of the noble quadrupeds. ♦ In Washington, lately, a newsboy, in the ab sence of exciting news wherewith to stimulate pur chasers, wont through tho street crying out, “ ’Nother raid by Stonewall Jackson!” An excited gentleman stopped liim with, “ I tho’t Jaokson was dead?” “ Well, so ho is ; but Ms ghosts is matin' this ’ore raid.” 