REFLECTIONS ON MY DAUGHTER'S MARRIAGE. (From the Cornhill. NEVER shall I read love stories with satisfaction any more: at last I knew why in these later days they have had for me a suspicions, a fretful interest at best. The writers are partial, thoughtless, unkind. They are all in a league with the loving and if only they bring the pleasing miseries, the timely contretemps, the dear doubts, the bracing difficulties of courtship to' a terminus at the altar, and the settlements are good, and fair-haired consequences are foreseen, riding on ponies at a date reasonably subsequent all's well in the world. I And so no doubt it is-for the young people ; but we are not all young at one time, and that is what I am thinking of at present. As Love and Youth roll along on the homeward way from church, I do not deny that the Fates are visibly harnessed to the wedding coach: it is a triumph, and a triumph which nobody grudges them-no, not the curmudgeonest of men. There may be Borne difference of view between them and us, who also have ridden in the car, and have alighted in the mire, and are now as much accustomed to the harness as to the coach-box (taking our turn in them with the Fates, in fact but it is not that which makes a man so serious on his daughter 8 wedding-day. Of course he scans her future anxiously, near and far as he may ; but there is nowhere anything to dread, perhaps nowhere anything but assurance or hope. It is all the same-he 13 as serious as ever. His thoughts are long long thoughts," and many, and full of pain. The marriage, ceremony is as solemn a thing to him as to the bride herself-as sol' me, as significant, and very sad besides and yet who thinks of his part in it He is no more considered than his grandfather's portrait is, smiling un- concerned from the wall. Papa is old and grave, grey and silent ME time is past. What has he to do but to give the bride away, and (if necessary) get a nice comfortable old housekeeper to fill her place? This is an affair of love and youth : does he understand them even ? It seems not. Opinion is against any such presumption. The young, who are authoritative on the subject, are more than sceptical they are saucy in their hearts j and of all the story-tellers whom I have read, not one has over deemed it worth while to consider what an old fellow's thoughts and sen timing may he when his daughter has kissed him farewell and is gone from His France. We do, indeed, meet a sentence or two sometimes, in the last hurried page of a story, about " the blank that is left in the old man's heart," or how it was long before he could reconcile himself to the loss of that bright being whose presence added warmth to his hearth and light to his dwelling. But this is all, and it is all heartless. Such poor phrases as these are the hackneys of people who feel that there is something to be said, and know and care not what : like the returns of killed and wounded in a victorious despatch, they are tagged on at the end rather to glorify the v anning than in sympathy with the losing party. Not the sufferings, but the success is illustrated. The blank in the old man's heart ? the light that is gone from his dwelling? these levels and novelists are very shallow. That is much, but it is not all not more than can be seen or imagined by the most casual observer. The blank is easily filled at once by the image of those rosy prospective consequences the light that is lost with a daughter's presence is very well it stored by the reflection of her own home happiness. Is it not always so with people who have come to the time of grey hair and wrinkled visages ? All their play is a reflected light from their youth which is past, from the life around them which is not theirs, from the world which is as near to them now, though far away, as this. There is nothing new or strange, then, in such comfort. But yet when I think upon- the hoarded years of the little girl whom I gave away yesterday-the years which, as one by one they were added to her life, and made space for her growth, and ripened her beauty, and gave their successive seas, as of sun and rain for her thoughts and affections to flourish in, I took as gifts bestowed on me when I count them over and see that now she is gone, carrying them all and their fruits away, I do repine somewhat on that account indeed. The blank is there-I certainly feel it. Suppose the pony does not up to my door one day, and a little lady with my eyes under her brows runs in to hug me : well, her mother was once more mine than a grandchild can be, and the story is only to be repeated when ma'mselle grows up to be twenty. Then it will be Master Jack's turn, who has got my girl and I hope I shall be there to comfort him. And I hope I shall be comfortable : only by that time I shall have gone down into another gen erratic, and shall probably care for Jack's feelings no more than he now cares for mine. Every man of us, we are several creatures in this one life : the seasons are not so va Hous there's nothing so much unlike a cat as a kitten. Once I was a day-old hus bard like Jack. By- and-by he will be as I am and then I shall be like my grandfather's portrait on the wall of I live), smiling over my granddaughter's wed- ding table (it I am invited thereto) with small concern. Nobody cates for me now that it is my turn I shan't care for anybody when that it is his. Not that the prospect gives me comfort-it rather weights my mind with that trite old Shakspearian burden, "So runs the world away." I wish sometimes the world had other courses, and could learn to be eccentric in certain particulars : but we wish, and wish, and what do we know ? Suppose we were all young together, fathers, daughters, uncles, cousins-would that profit us ? Suppose OUT mothers could keep the freshness, and innocence, and beauty of their youth for their sons to see when they in their turn come to twenty years : it would indeed be a delightful wholesome dish pensation for the sons, but for the daughters it would be a different thing, wouldn't it? We must be content, whether or not, and be as much, and love as much, as we can, in every stage of life to which it pleases God to call us. Such conclusions, however-reasonable and religious as they may be do not fill the blank in papa's forsaken bosom. Not that there is really a vacuum there after all. Turn to the woods, they are haunted by dryads and hamadryas yet : only when you put your spectacles onto look for them, they are gone. And so when I search the place which my little girl filled so long, there is nothing ; my household goddess has left an utter blank behind. But if the too-eagerly inquiring thought is put aside only for a moment, a troop of living memories come in a pleasant company of ghosts, every one with the same sweet face as it is, as it was in a hundred times and places which I wonder are not forgotten. I dare say those visitors will keep the old nest warm enough, though the bird has flown to build a new one. At any rate, I'll take care not to state at them to drive them away. They are my progeny, too-these memories, these ghosts ; they are my love children, theiruitof my love for her of hers for me. There are husbands so fond of their wives, that as long as those larger darlings live they seem to take account of the little ones they bring only as so many accidental blessings that adorn her as proofs, as pledges, as superfluous household bounties (who heeds the wine that overbrims the cup ?) ¡ as gifts of fortune above measure, which may wait to be enjoyed. But when the wife dies, then the husband, turning to the children, finds how dear they are, and how busy they have been all their little lives weaving webs of love about him to keep his heart whole at this very time. And now I know now that may be. This shadowy progeny of mine, I took no note of them at their birth, nor guessed what they might be to me one day, long after they had been forgotten. Observations of a babe's " pretty ways, the surprise of some child wise saying, simple nursery Scenes translated into poems at the moment and forthwith jostled out of mind by others, holidays, times of sickness, birth night rejoicings, apparitions in joyful new frocks, and so forth, these things were little more to me when they happened than the varying light that marks the progress of the day. Accompanied by so much emotion, glad or sorry, they came and went, and were never needed more than the delights and disappointments of a garden, which every day is sure to renew. But now that there is no more light and the garden itself is conveyed away-now that I am dis- possessed of her who was the spring and centre of all these circumstances, the change arrives. Mamma is dead, and the children come flocking round my knees into my mind, I mean. The pen I flourished yesterday in St. James's vestry was an enchanter's wand, bringing a thousand departed memories to life again invoking the many sweet ghosts of her which came into existence as year by year she put on a new life,. and which henceforth are to be my best companions. St. James's officiating clergyman is potent ; behold what he has done for me already. But he cannot lay these spirits many sea if he tries and besides being mostly under age, they are for other good reasons not marriageable. , From any Jack who would carry them off, the Lord deliver me ; but I am in no danger, that was provided for from the beginning by Him who disdans not to make enchanter's wand of goose thrills for distressed parents who, unsuspected of the very hearts in which they are stored, treasures up past joys and sorrows for our future good. And the wonderful, though ever so well-known thing about that is, that the joys and sorrows grow alike in the interval : the joys are none without a touch of sadness, the sting has perished. in the sorrows. Of both the bees are thrown down; they are no longer clouded with the muddy emotions of our natural clay, and have grown by age into a clear, pure, true vintage of Well, then, perhaps I am better off with my shadows then with the realities? And what are realities ? When my son-in-law took Margaret home, no doubt he fancied he had got a reality ; but I believe her existence to him, as a fact, altogether depends upon the existence of the idea of her in his mind, That is what the metaphysicians would say. The young man feels that he possesses her, because he hears her "easy now and then, " Dear Jack, I am yours," and because he sees her every day sitting at his fire- side. But eyes and ears are mere mechanical apparatus ; the impression they convey is the thing: and if the impression remains, it matters little whether it was made an hour or a year ago, I suppose. These two young people cannot always be together and when they are apart, that happy sense of belonging to each other which makes them so paradisaical just now, depends for existence on ideas, images, memories not much stronger, perhaps, than mine older ones, brought out as they are, like "invisible ink" by fire. Margaret sits by John's hearth : this is entirely an affair between her and the fireplace. Margaret sitting by the health is to anybody else nothing but an idea an image, a conception of Margaret existing in the mind. Now my mind is possessed with a hundred Bush conceptions, as vivid as if they were only an hour old, but mellower, deeper : conceptions of Margaret smile. And so I hope I have satisfied myself on philosophical principles that I have not really lest my daughter at all. On the contrary, I have found a series of daughters, whom I had forgotten till the last of the line, a grown woman, came to a termination at the altar. Imprimis. A baby daughter : an exquisite mys serious possession, not at all included in yesterday's marriage articles. It remains mine. I daresay the copyright will be infringed, and for that there is no remedy; only in such an event I shall take care to point out to my son-in-law in what particulars his copy is a piracy, and inferior to the original : as copies are sure to be. At any rate, nobody but myself knows now what the original was ; and so a little disparage- ment, the taking down of Master Jack a peg or two in another hour of triumph, will be safe as well as sweet. What it was did I say In Let me not lose hold upon the metaphysical persuasion by which I prove my company of ghosts and memories to be living things, real possessions of to-day. The child is. There it still lies where I first beheld it, bundled high upon mamma's pillow, and mamma gazing up to it with Strangely elcut though -weary eyes, and fleeing in that contented little red face beauties which it certainly gave every prospect of developing-in due course. It 1 es in my arms (why not sense is only the vehicle of sensation), and I am melted and moved so strangely that I think of the pool of Bethesda and the angels troubling it ! Is this little one to bring healing and sweetness to the turgid shallows of my life ? Too much disturbed, I give baby back, saying, "I wonder whether it will grow to be very clever and good !" Says mania, in her pretty feeble voice, " I think her hair will curl !" That is one of them, i Then there is that other one-not a baby now whom I met on Cowes pier one day, and wondered whether she belonged to me. Because I had not seen my child for three months and this one was too in fabulously beautiful and a huge, common, commonest seamen carried her, with as much tenderness and admiration as if she had been Aid Margaret, his pearl the prize of some practical expedition to I know not what Angelic Islands. But she was mine : there was her nurse (talking to a gentleman with rings in his ears hard by to prove it, as well as her own half-re membering eyes, as she looked and looked, and knew me at last, blushing ! I think it must have been that blush, little one SO perplexing like and so unlike a w Oman's, which has kept you alive in my heart as you then were to this day : a separate being a complete delight. Timidly stretching out those round white came, you surprised my love in its deepest, most secret place and there you have been shut in with it ever since, inaccessible to the changes of time. Then there is the little maid, two or three years older than the above, who used to pretend that the smoke came into her eyes (when there was no smoke) whenever I told her stories of poor black- amours, and bow cold their tropical toes get as they go begging about in our bitter winter weather. Why was this four-year-old female store ashamed of her BJ sympathetic years Then there is the young lady who, at seven, fell in love with Robert Polttrnore (on the occasion of his being breeched), and who loved him so dear that, when he went away to school, she cried for fifteen minutes under the apple tree where they parted. The I ghosts that have come back to me from that period are two : end with the child's flushed and tearful face as she banged at the boughs for an apple for Robert to carry away with him (as he did, in his unsentimental trousers-pt cket) ; the other, a little figure that stood at my study table next day, gravely and anxiously dictating a letter for her lover. The language of that serious billet is all written down in my memory, and I can call the pretty figure to table, and hear her all over again whenever I please. Then have I also a dear Little Dorrit of a daughter, who, while I thought her still a child, came out as an old woman. That was who somebody died who was precious to both of us. And she who then suppressed the grief of her young heart lest it should give a gre her grief to me-who smoothed down her hair to look like a woman's, and took thought, and kept our humble household in order till she could conveniently break down, too (in a quiet way this one is the dearest daughter of the whole series, and neither 99 a/re Included in the marriage contract The saintly child and the devoted woman are differents beings ; the former almost surely becomes the latter, but the process is not to be reversed and by your leave, son-in-law the child remains mine. And were the wife to turn out ever so wicked hereafter, it is my opinion that the daughter, that daughter, ought to go to heaven. Can no philosopher make a theory which will provide for her translation in this wise ? Why may I not carry her thither myself If I am only good enough to secure that prerogative- taking my heart, in which she is treasured, in my hand, and saying, "Here's an angel indeed, who cannot be gainsaid !" Already I have written down a half-dozen sweet spirits, and recalled a hundred living memories ; why should those of a later time be added which are too near to be altogether unmixed with a consciously selfish pain ? But I am getting better. I'm not so morose now as I was when I found my girl weeping at her window in the dark, because that young man had thought proper to enliven existence by quarrell- ing with her nor do I so much resent the time when, instead of playing me Beethoven's symphonies or Mozart's Requiem after dinner, she persisted in Heder ! one score, and Weber's love-laden waltzes. Did she play them to me, I wonder ? I could not believe it at the time, for an excellent reason. When I fell asleep over my favourite Beethoven the player used to come ; when I pretended to slumber over the Heder, she went on all the same. I knew how it was then ; those i maundering pianissimo touches were all addressed to Another, who was not in the room even. Well, he was as truly-there with her, perhaps, as my Little Dorrit is with me, and Jack is welcome to as much of her as is his. I have shown (and it is enough), that there is not necessarily a blank in papa's heart after the wedding, and if that's; what the novelist's sympathy is confined to his emotions may be spared in all good honest eases where sympathy is deserved. What I wish is, that a little more account were taken of an old fellow's present feelings and position on his girl's marriage day. Blank or no blank, it is for him a time inexpressibly solemn, and moving, and tender ; as his hour of dissolution must be, even though he is sure of going straight to paradise. And is not this in some sort an hour of dissolution is on hour when a life well loved as his own is parting from him when its days and its nights pass before his eyes in a long procession to this last, and its many joys and fears, its painful and its hopeful memories rise up together as it they also were about to bid fare * ell to the heart that bred them ? Well, the victim need not trouble himself in that hour to hide his face, for nobody guesses or cares what may be dying within. It is unkind, I say. Why, if you had but a little spring which one day you found bubbling up in your garden newly, and it became first a wilful, bright brook, and broadened year by year into a deep, and stately, and thoughtful stream and you went down and found it all Sowing away with a glad ( noise, leaving on nothing but the channel for your contemplation, I should say there was something pathetic in that, if you had loved the streams familiar brooks are often loved. And your neighbours would take the trouble to ponder your loss, and to consider what sympathy was due to you in such a case. But if the fountain wells up in the garden of your life, another life, and the brook was a child, and the stream is a beautiful, thoughtful woman, that is another thing, it seems. The gentleman into whose grounds the stream is running away is an object of universal interest but 88 for you, you are regarded less than the impressive person who ratifies the transfer. ! Oh, this tyranny of youth ! The world is all for it ! -all joys but money- getting are for young men and maidens. Beauty, poetry, love, day-dreaming how I absurd are we to talk of what they alone understand, I and which is theirs only ! Beauty with our leathern i visages ! Poetry eyes, Milton perhaps, but not Byron-not the stars, the woods, the moonlit hill, the sounding sea ? Love ? we know no more about it now than Dead Stamper?, who also have a certain memory of the passion; and in our dreams we snore fatally. It is not now as it has been of yore : Turn wheresoever we may By night or day, The things which we have seen we now can see no more. No doubt there is some truth in this but there is little justice and no humanity whatever in turning it into triumph, or using it in neglect or contempt ofua oldsters. Other affections there-are besides the tender ones, so called-other love besides the grand passion, as true, perhaps, and as dear. But what then the one was made for sacrifice, the other for exaltation and enjoyment. I should like to have said what I could have said so then I had to make my speech yesterday. But what can a man do who is done to death by bridesmaids who has been hustled by whispers and smiles out of, the circle which Love and Youth mark round them, on such occasions ? I believe my little girl would willingly have come out to me, but, somehow, dare not nor did I, somehow, dare to break in upon her. It was as well so, after all, perhaps and as well that I did not make the speech I might have made. Speech! I wonder it was not a string of nursery rhymes for I thought of a good many as I glanced down on the pretty blushing creature pretending to eat chicken at my side. She looked so much like a child again " Pussy cat, pussy cat with a white foot, When is your wedding, that I may come to t " This was one of the rhymes. When is her wedding ? Obviously now and the time is come for me to give thanks therefor. I do so I tell my audience that I speak with unmingled feelings, and I look happy. There is quite a radiance above me as I had the young people run off with each other, and take my love with the in all the way. They are gone-that is certain and already I have begun to fall in love with another glass of wine after dinner. That is significant of much which is unsus- pected by joyful brides and bridegrooms. Eagerly they station the new stage of life, n r reflect that papa at home begins another too, and that his last. On either side of a hill lies a cradle and a grave. The ascending eastern slope, which is trodden by childhood and youth, is gentle and long; it is ever bright with the morning sun; the vines and the flowers are all there, and woods of dreamy rest, and nooks -where nymph-like fancies bathe, and where thought is surprised. Hasker as we ascend, the balmy mists through which we passed below roll away, the sunshine glows, the vines ripen-it is, happiness to see and breathe alone. To look back, I allis beauty upward: all is hope, and as yet there is no hurry. We may dream in the woods when we will, slumber in every fancy-haunted nook, bathe in every stream where thought reposes. The hill is climbed, and we stand on the borders of a wide table-land men and women. Here, if flowers are fewer, fruits are more abundant, and the fiercer sun that ripens them gives us strength and ripeness too. And the eastern slope is still in view it is possible to steal back to it after the labours of the day, and cool the heats of passion in its innocence and peace. The farther we go, the harder it is to do that; but if you have a little daughter, you must per- force turn your face often to the ascent up which she has to come also, and share its beauty still, if not its surprises. But by the time she has come to the brow of the hill, the hitherward slope is hidden from you : the waning afternoon finds you growing weary at the farther edge of the broad level where the work of the world is done. The decent is at hand. The western slope, grey, sudden, barren and more barren as it dips into the valley, must be entered too and one day you feel that it is begun. That time for me is to-day My dear little maid kept me on the sunny table-land till now (had I not to watch over her there ?) ; but she has chosen another companion from among the young men around her I go on alone. My back is turned to the hill, my feet rustle in autumnal leaves, a cool wind blows up from the valley : to-night I must gather a few sticks, I think. This is what my young bride, and my young bridegroom, and the whole bevy of tradespeople, never gave a thought to. And after all, why should they I have had my day and now that the evening is come, I'll do as I have said I'll even light a faggot of old memories to keep me in good cheer. COTTON GROWING IN ALGERIA Great attention is now being devoted by many far- seeing French minds to the culture of cotton in Algeria. M. Jules du Pre de St. Maur, proprietor of the model firm of Arbal, near Oran, commenced by sowing two acres with cotton in 1852 and the cotton produced, on being shown to Mr. Edmund Cox, one of the principal manufacturers in the neighbourhood of Lille (his name has an English smack about it was pronounced equal in every point of view to the most highly-esteemed American descriptions. In the course of 1853 one of the associates of the house of Masquelier, of Havre, come to Alba to make a personal inspection of the cotton plants, and the vigour of the vegetation and the qualities of the cotton convinced him that the success of this precious textile was assured in Algeria. An association was accordingly formed between M. M. de St. Maur and Masquelier, for the culture of cotton in the plain of the Sig and about 2400 acres were acquired for the purpose, 240 acres being sown with as little delay as possible. The Emperor Napoleon allotted £4000 to be distributed in five years to the best cotton plantations', and provincial trees of £200, £120, and £80 were also instituted, the State besides buying the cotton produced, although it gradually reduced the price. In 1859, 1860, and 1861 the results obtained per acre were pretty well up to the American Standard, a very fine string cotton being produced. From the end of April to the end of October rain is generally unknown in the province of Oran and therefore it is necessary to have recourse to ten or twelve irrigations. The working oxen of Algeria are small, but vigorous ; their step is rapid, but they want weight, and therefore, in cultivating the soil it is necessary to make up for their lightness by increased numbers ; a considerable quantity of manure is applied to the soil and some English clod crushers and implements have also been introduced. The movement is a most important one in every point of view, in connection with the future of Algeria, because, in order to carry on cotton cultivation with, success, the expenses of working must not be attempted to be covered by cotton alone. Cereals and vines must also be introduced-fancy an English, farmer studying the mysteries of viticulture in order to occupy men and teams before and after the work of cotton cultivation is effected. It is also in- dispensable to breed and maintain cattle, in order to secure the greatest possible quantity of manure, with a view to an efficient cropping of the son Mark Lane Express EXTENSION OF THE TELEGRAPH her INDIA. The Government of India has, it [is said, resolved to construct an international telegraph of its own. The whole European system of lines is connected with Constantinople ; the whole Indian system terminates at Kurrachee, and it remains to connect those two points This will be effected by extending a line from Constantinople to Bagdad, thence by the Arabian frontier to Bushire, and thence through a submarine cable to Kurrachee. The contract for the cable has been given to Mr. Henley, of North Woolwich : Sir Charles Bright and Mr. Latimer Clarke have been appointed electric engineers and Colonel Patrick Stewart has been selected as general superintendent. The cable is to be laid down next November, and the line, if possible, opened by 1st January, 1864. The appointment of Colonel Stewart is almost a guarantee for the success of this experi- ment. An exceedingly young officer for his rank, he is notorious in India for personal daring, for unvary- ing success, and for a habit of getting killed. In 1858 he accompanied Lord Clyde as Director-General of Telegraphs into Oude, and however fast the Commander-in-Chief might march, by evening the electric telegraph, as Mr. Russell has testified, was ready in his tent to communicate with Calcutta. One day Lord Clyde received a message from the Viceroy, running thus Do not let Pat Stewart be killed. He cannot be replaced." Raising his eyes, he saw the subject of the message sneaking out of camp, rifle in hand, as a volunteer on a particularly dangerous expedition. He was brought back. " Confound you, sir," said the chief ; " what have you to do there If your killed, sir, by George, I'll arrest you!" Once carried off by a tiger, once ripped up by a bear, once pronounced dead of cholera, Colonel Stewart has seen more, done more, and dared more than most men of twice his age, and has in India the reputation of by making a habit of success. Spectator, December 27. LORD COCKBURN AND THE SHEPHERD, Lord Cockburn was once sitting on a hillside with a shepherd, and observing the sheep reposing in the coldest situation, he observed to him, " John, if I were a sheep, I would lie on the other side of the hill." The shepherd answered, " Ay, my lord, but if we had been a sheep, ye would have had mair sense." AN IRISH WAT 9-2' The only way," says an old Irish peer, " a true gentleman will ever attempt to look at the faults of a pretty woman is to shut his eyes !" ! FACTS !-" I like your impudence," as a pretty girl said when her lover kissed her. " I see through it," as the washerwoman said when the bottom of the tub fell out. Advertising for a wife is as absurd as getting measured for an umbrella. " Talk up " to the dear creatures if you'd marry them. One-half the w child was born to marry the of her hut, 