TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR. OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) QUEENSCLIFF, FRIDAY. The Vanguard, ship, from Liverpool, with 200 passengers, ran aground on the south spit of Royal George Sand, at four a.m. H. M. schooner Empire and steamer Hercules are down to her assistance. She will require to discharge a great portion of her cargo before getting off. No danger to passengers. Sent down top-gallant and royal yards. SYDNEY, FRIDAY. Eager Is elected for West Sydney by an immense majority, the opposition being a mere sham. Rumour, on good authority, asserts that Whitton, chief engineer of the Railway department, has tendered his resignation, which Government decline accepting till the inquiry directed by the Assembly into the state of the department terminates. The Ministry refuse confirming the last batch of appointments of the late Ministry. More cases of bushranging are reported in the northern district. The police and the bushrangers exchanged shots unsuccessfully. Escorts, 11,000 ounces. Wilson's re-election for the southern goldfields 66 reported corals. The conflicting statements regarding the revenue are still much canvassed. Eaeei intimates his intention, in framing a new financial scheme, to consider local industries. A meeting of the Intercolonial Rowing Committee, to consider a letter from Melbourne, lapsed. No quorum. Arrival Clarence, from Brisbane. ADELAIDE, FRIDAY. Parliament has resolved to continue the collection of duties for New South Wales, and the correspondence is re-opened with Victoria. Arrived Primula, from London. Townsend sold the greater portion of the cargo of Thomas Brown. Sago, 8d.; tea seed oil, 5s. 6d. per gallon. Councillor Goode is the favourite candidate for the mayoralty of the city. English has not come forward for re-election. The Assembly has adjourned till the 10th of November. The ghost at the theatre is a failure, and is withdrawn. The Primula spoke the City of Dunedin, steamer, bound for Otago, lat. 7deg. N,, lon. 25deg. W. Cleared.- Steinwarder, for Sydney, with flour, hay, rosin, and part of original cargo from Hamburg. The reported sale of Hart's flour yesterday is contradicted. The sale of teas amounted to £1,400. _ 