IT h'appens from time tostime in the'course of human afftihira, thlat ~certain bracheles of knowledge, certain, topics. for study anda speceulation, derive fromn tile influenc'e of external circumstances an interest, wlhiceh': tlheir own generally dry and ihattracttie, though perhlaps important character, was before unable to creato. Tlhe doctrines of political economy and the principles of tax ation occupy such a position at the preseit moment in this country. TVlule the menans of a liberal and eve. lavish ixIehditre fromn the public Treasirry, were .supiplied by a'moderate a ida lighltlyi folt- impost on a few of the guasi neceessaries aud a few obf tihe luxuries of Australian life, it:was scarcely to be wondered at that people pur sued tihe even tenor of their way without trdoubling thlemselves about the question as to whether that particular method of de fraying the current expenses of tihe Go vernment were or were not the most con sistent with sienitific and enlightened maximi. Btt the surprise and alarm which were evboked by the late Treasurer's state ment of ourfliuancialcondition; havedirected an timount of ainxious attention to lh sub ject, awhich, it is t ibe hoped awill not sleep till our system of raising and expending the publierevenue, shall Ihaveo beenreorganisedon the mo?l~t rational, ecodnomiical, and compre hensivo plan, whiels the circumstances of the .colony admit of. The great financial hope of hIis party, thie accomplised winder up of insolvent estates, the Gladstone of the Southern hIemisphere, has proved him selfutterly, ludicrously, miiserably, incom petent even to improve the situation in which "the firm of Cowper and Co." "had placed our affairs. The grandliand philo sophical system, which was " not only to servethepurposesoftheGovernmentofwhilch the Hen. Geoffery Eagar is a member, but to endure its principles, in its nctions, after the Hon. Geoffrey Eagar shall have passed away, lhas.shlared the fite of the basket of glassware, oni which the simple Araljian founded his hopes of greatness. Tihe publlic reprobation like tlhe destiny of tihe gloss merchanct, lhas compelled the elabor ater of the goodly schlime to give it a kick witlh hIis own fot; and it is fled it to the limbo of those g.n.! intentions, which are not according to knowledge. It has "passed away" before thle ink was scoured from tlhe type, whicli haud been used for printing it: and the Treasurer's chief " WVith Atl:ute:n shouhlers fit to Ihear 'The woceight of mi,.lhtiest" budgets.sscusmesthe dditionrl burden ofthe Treasury, and presents to the representative wisdom of the land,s res pitaited schleme of their predressorsr, ?lhit~ hld scarcely ilr rivedl at ai fieble blirth some four smonths since, and straightwasig'ave up thle ghost. It is not easy to nndlerstastd hown Mr. Eigar canu contiinne cocmplsacently to fsee tile House or the country in any pullic posi tion, after laring so unmistakably shown his want of capacity as a financier, and (wo are almost eompelbl.dl to say) Ieven of c m moss i 'is ii. ii reas e will observe inh anotsher columlan t prifvkslh entitled "Abnusing Linsisterial Explmna tion." A consideration ofthe incide,bts ithere mentioned, and fiurtler dethilcl in Mair. Cowper's speech of T'ecsday lst, will leaIve it doubtlful wheth?r? r. Edag:r has made himiselfsmore rii.s5?1? in the House or out of it, iy hIis fthhsclte ous tarifll' and absurd argccnents about it~ or by hIis silly and undignified applicatio'u to the late Premier at the instance of a " confidential friend." During the course of the debate on his budget, which" hss now extended over the parliamentary evenings of more than a forthight, ~Mr. Eagar has been the butt of many sarcasms and much hostile argument. His schebne was very aptly styled by Mr. Gray, a phantom which wars seen one ilight, andl quite lost to view on the next. There can be little indulgence claimed for a man, who, with such over weening self-confidence, such disregard for tihe most valuable counsel, and such arlnn gant triumph over hIis predecessors, smder takes to provide for the greatpoliticul want of the dlay, and scceeds only in proving Ilimself an egregious political quack. Well may the adversaries of the present Ministry assure theme: with quict sarcasm that they are in no aurry to rnemove them from the Ministerial seats. If we smy judge from the anmou~ -(thle well-deservred amount) - of succeehslii they havel hitherto attained in\ t flent of their special mission, they. are likly to requires from the opposition si other fivour tlhal that of amoderate alloansce of cord, to put an end to all their Ministerial miseries. It is not altogether easy to find satisfactory definitions of tile every day terms "liberal" and "conservative," progressive and re trogressive; but mst piersons, probably, will agree that the Premsier is pretty well entitled to this last appellation, on obseru ing'how Mr. MaIrtin, on Tuesday last (itoe be not misreportedtl) spoke switlatsolute complacency of Wsprc peetive annihilation of one-tenthl of tof Ao4td.rce of the Port of Sydney, thininnlk serhtps, of the hapipy State of Paraguey snder the domination of the Jesuit. It were doubtless humiliating to find tlhat there is actually at present but oan man capable of conducting with any degree of slkill and success the vessel of the State. But Mr. Martin and his coadju tors are. certainly doing what in them lies to convince us that such is the case; and we .may at least comfort ourselves willth the recollection that though England hass never, since the establishment of Parlia mntetary Government, been destitute of men capable of conducting hlier allhirs, yet that AValpol, Without a shadow of genius, retained tile highest place for a long series ofyears; and that Pitt was likewise abso -lute in Parliamcnt for a lengthened period, thouigh in the face of an opposition of gigntie abilitics, and though he met with a vrJ :imsited ainoiunt of good fortune or success. -.series Ofl?toters,uiderthe titlo of" Free Trdd atnd Diriect '.'xatiou," appeared in a nuinbei of the suc'eassivr e issues of the Emzisre not loig s?n e.0 These have bueen reproduced intelygin\l Sigle sheet, for the buneli~t ol tlhobse whd( igl t wish to recoi sider theiir coiterits in.mnre orinilnciatO con nexion. Wi.d'iceoimnend the sories to the attenitionof our. reader, as being particu larly opportune atthe prieseut momnent, as beingl easily accessible, and not too Oxten sirve ,to lie well polidbred by such as are dis posed to give any httntionat all to the mitter. The writer'. shos tlhat the prac tiue of levying direct'tijxes, which we are iu the habit of regairding assn anomual) iandan exueptjionihas.been on the uontrarsy th8 ridle'br the riiising f iuevenune.iamois aiviliseddnatidns, ancieut and modelur; am i ihe fully e1sxposes the plausible mdtive whirl has induced Governments to resort to iun di.ect iceans : vize., the desire to obtaii re venue at the time'andin the manner whiuh would give the least opportunity to the taxr payer to. sicertain what was exacted from him; Thi author has not the art ol making a dry subject attractive by hIis style; and his mode of 1itfrcing his opinions is sometimnes eccentrid enough. Thus, ill meu tioning a oistoils' duty levied by ;Ed wardl..;the allthor seems to insiuste that the tax was diserving of the greatest rc probldtion because' King Edward was the slayer 6f :.Sir Williamn Wallace; ansd a tfurtlier impost exacted by' drasrd Il. was, it should appear, so much the more obnoxious, bedhuse that king's fither lost the battle of Bannockburn. The writer shoduld recollect that his productions are presncuted for theperuasal of a population of iuixed natiosialities. 