WE are at a loss to understand why Mr. Howi tl should have called his' book " The History of the Supernatural," since, according to his theory of the universe, ghosts and goblins are not only as plentiful as blackberries but just as natural as any other form of life. Indeed, when we consider how many generations of men must have (we were all but saying, passed away) pre- ceded, us in this best of all possible worlds', and on what very slight grounds they refude altogether to pass away, though their earthly pilgrimage is completer), we cannot but conclude from Mr. Howitt's point of view, that for every person in the flesh there must be seventy or eighty phantoms who are -prowling about the globe, for no very obvious purpose, and, we regret to add, with exceedingly contemptible results.- When we opened' these volumes we had hoped to find a history, more or less philo- sophical and acute, of popular, superstitions, and were not in the least prepared for the tor- rent of angry nonsense which we have had to encounter. Mr. Howitt, where a ghost is con- cerned, apparently believes everything which he sees, hears, feels, smells, imagines, or reads about, whether in print or in manuscript ; and in consequence. a state of mind is disclosed which, by us, unfamiliar with the mighty thaumsturgic writers whom he quote was not known to be in rerum natura. . He ab solutely cites as good spiritualism, if we under stand him rightly, the tragic fable of Laius and Œdipus, and indorses every portent in the his tory of Herodotus. He says it is curious that Rameses, the Egyptian King, descended into the mansions of death—that there can be no doubt that his descent of Rameses was in a mesmeric trance. Is there not in the orignal something about his playing at dice with Ceres? and if so why has Mr. Howitt mutilated the legend ?' He accepts the testimony of Apollonius of Tyana that the Brahmins of India habitually walked in the air a cubit or two above the ground, an gravely informs us that before the battle of Lem tra," by way of warning to: the Lacedæ monians, the weapons in the temple of Hercules 'clashed together of their own accord, and the statue' of the God himself was covered with perspiration. " In modern times, every' one of the old stories which have been told by the Christmas fire for the last two. hundred years receives his unhesitating support. Even the Cock-lane Ghost (which surely was detested and exposed under, Dr. Johnson's, investigation) is not too gross a morsel for his omnivorous credulity. It appears to us that Mr Howitt zealous as he, is, in thus endeavouring to over whelm us with these avalanches of trash, has not played the part of a skilful advocate. He seems to have forgotten that it is possible, as men say, to prove too much. We can hardly persuade ourselves that even he really believes the statue of Hercules to have been drenched in miraculous perspiration, because the Spartans were about to be worsted in an indecisive battle at Leuctra But if he does not believe it, why refer to it ? Here is a very respectable marvel resting on this evidence pf eminent me¿7'and jet of tuen a cha ractor that no one, not even a modern spiritualist can" accept it as, true. Yet if any of the accredited portents are to be dismissed as the work of man's imagination, where are we to stop? Why not others? .- Why not all ? This sweating statue, upon the whole, in its object, and in its accom partying circumstances, is rather less absurd than the majority of those undoubted spiritual facts wi'h which these dreary pages abound ;, but still, if Mr. Howitt acknowledges his belief in it,\' the world, we apprehend, will take leave to think him crazy. If he' does not why are we to be growled at as fossils, ..and petrifactions, and paralytics, because other legends, not a whit more probable, awaken in our minds ¡a similar spirit of disbelief? He may reply, to this criticism by saying that, he pronounces no ¡opinion as to the truth or false hood of any particular incident referred to ir his book, but has merely cited facts to prove .that the faith which' he now holds, has been held in many countries and at various times bèfore him. We .wish to heaven, if this be sO, that he had taken our assent to the proposition for granted-it would have saved us several hundred pages ¡of most tiresome reading.,. That our ancestors, in what he considers their superior wisdom,' acknowledged witches, ghosts, and magician's ; ~ that the ' Greek, Roman, .and mediaeval' annals are full of pro digious ' events; ' that the ' Church of Rome as always undertaken to perform miracles, and still. continues to do so; that Lord Prudhoe and Dr. Wolfe allowed themselves to',be hoodwinked by the Egyptian necro mancers—these are truths which Sir. George Lewis himself would not dream of questioning. But, after all, segnius irritant animos, &c; and if we are to be converted to the true faith accord ing tí Howitt, it will be by Mr. Home and Mrs. Gourlay, and not by such a Zoroaster that our illumination is brought about. Under these circumstances, seven hundred out of the nine hundred pages which these two volumes contain are unnecessary, to the argument, and certainly possess no literary merit or other attraction whatsover. Whether we 'speak; however, of the dead or of the living, we must protest against being compelled to stig matize all who incline to Mr. Howitt's views as conscious impostors. He seems to think that when any one says he has seen a ghost, either, the witness must be a liar, or the apparition real ; but it surely is a waste of time to argue against a notion that contradicts all re* corded., experience, and complacently ignores three-fouiths of human nature. Every; one must remember Moore's lines :— You shall have miracles, and sound ones, too, Seen, heard, attested— everything but true. Every one must be familiar with. Macaulay's instance-" How honest Bernal Dias acquiesced in the fable that St. James, in a particular action, had appeared on a grey horse at tho head of the Castilian adventurers." He had the evidence of his own senses against the legend, but he seems to have distrusted the evidence of his own senses. He says he was in tho battle, and that he saw the grey horse with a man on his back, but that the man was, to his thinking, Francesco De Moria, and not the ever blessed Apostle James. Nevertheless, Bernal adds, "It may be that the person on the grey horse was the glorious Apostle James, and 1, sinner that I am, was unworthy to see him." As to those who were not in the battle, of course their faith was complete. In some such manner as that, countless superstitions have spread far and wide, till even those who at first knew how baseless they were struggle against their'own' convictions, and bow themselves down into an undoubting acceptance of the popular creed. Such being our views upon the general ques- tion, we have only to say that we find ourselves * The History of the Supernatural in all Ages and Nations, and in all Churches, Christian and Pagan', demonstrating a Universal Faith, By William Howitt. 3 vols, Longmans. in full opposition to Mr HowUtt as to the partí cul'ir point of .modern spiritualist 'which the book has been written. '. As, far as we are concerned, indeed. Mr. Howitt admits that ' Spiritualism in England, in its more physical phase, is but a weaker reproduction of that 'in America." He believes "that no person has seen a large fable with five or six, full-grown persons upon it float through the air," which is a common occurrence in that happy land of peace and freedom. . ,This inferiority he ascribes partly to our depressing atmosphere, and partly to our coarser organisations. From pur point of view, it is owing to our denser population, our' higher standard of civilization, ' and the greater variety of our interests and occupa- tions in life... We apprehend that in many parts of America a half-educated and whisky-drinking populace pass month after month and year alter year under somewhat gloomy and monotonous conditions of existence. We know, at any rate, that above all, men they are liable to be excited by seemingly inadequate pauses' into fits of the wildest enthusiasm. In these moments all com mon sense is trampled tinder foot ; all sugges- tions of reason are howled down by a frenetic majority, and the, whole nation seems as if it had got drunk or gone mad by common consent. Mr. Howitt acknowledges, that some neighbours of those who first originated, this spirit-rapping avatar murmured faint hints that one of the family had confessed to them that ¡the - whole transaction was a hoax. He adds, of course, that the blasphemous calumny was immediafely detected and exposed. To us, however, it appears anything.but impro bable that the sovereign multitude.' may have resented this interference with their new''toy, and that the inconvenient critics in question, browbeaten and menaced about a matter .which, after all, was no concern 'of theirs, may have found it safer and pleasanter, to be silent.. How- ever that, may be, the general" reasons which induce us to regard Mr,/Howitt's, sour j, and snarling fanaticism with the, contempt which' it seems to us to deserve, apply equally to America and England, to the' past and the pre- sent, to Apollonius of Tyana and to Mr. Home. We find that ghosts, witches, necromancers, &c.;, have 'a decided preference for gloom, both physical and moral ; that before the contri- butor to the Cornhill Magazine saw all those wonderful sights which ought to have converted Mr. Thackeray, tho lights had to be put out ; that the miraculous cures of Monsieur Gassner and Madame St. Amour did not take place at London or Paris, but in corrparativaly obscure corners of the earth ; nor have we any account how long these wonderful manifestations went on, or why , and how they ceased, and went back into'; darkness again. Monsieur Gassner, indeed, unless he has gone on continually curing himself since 1758, is probably dead, by this time. But Madame St. Amour-why has she suffered her burning and shining light to be extinguished by jealous Catholic priests? Why, as a good Protestant, is she not seated in state at Willis's Rooms, curing incurable diaeasss under the eyes of Sir Henry Holland, Dr. Watson, Dr. Boroughs,' and Mr. Paget? All men, even spiritualists, know instinctively that they will -have to wait' a long time for that exhibition, just as they know that vMr. Home will not float along the Strand above the heads of the omnibus drivers, at two o'clock in the day. In order to behold a ghost it is necessary for the people to meet together who either have never possessed, or who have surrendered for the time, all power of seeing truly with their eyes, hearing accurately with their ears, and of keeping their physical perceptions of every kind distinct from the inferences which an intoxicated imagination is ever pouring in upon them. It surely is no new thing to Mr. ijowitt, that even in commonplace earthly transactions, the power of looking at things as they are without supply- ing to them any colouring matter from/our own natures is ' one of the rarest of intel- lectual accomplishments-one, in 'fact, which is hardly ever ' fully gained except; by a special ëducation. " Further than this, when once a marvellous story is launched-or, indeed, for that, matter, à story which is not marvellous -at every .fresh', remove' it ' undergoes some modification,'till alter it has been repeated a dozen times, not only has it grown,'like the:cat iríthé'" Arabian Nights," to the size of a bul- lock, biit' it has' só altéred. its character that it might ' often' be retailed even . to its original narrator without giving him a chance of recog- nising his own creation. . Add to this a certain amount of direct imposture, or, short of that, of bias and disengenuousness, and the majority of ghost-stories are accounted -for at .once, i As for those which still remain apparently inexplicable, we must be content to wait for, a solution of the mystery. And if that solution never comes, we may be content. still, and turn our atten- tion to matters of greater importance. As an instance of what-wo mean by disengenuousness we will refer to Mr. Howitt,'s method of parading the Egyptian magicians. ¡ As presented'by Dr. Wulfe,'they cut as good a figure, BB ? any - other?-? spiritualists in-the book. When it comes, to .Mr. Kinglake, -Mr. Howitt quietly observes, with1 him they seem' to have failed. Failed . in- deed!' Is that all that the substitut'on of a fair girl .with blue eyes and golden hair for grim visaged Dr. Keate suggests to Mr. Howitt's un- sophisticated .mind ? . One would have thought it obviouB to the meanest understands g that the impudent quack assumed as a first'principle that every young, man of three ' andV twenty : bad his head lull of .-. love and women, iud that, therefore, he instructed his appren- tice to behold in a magic mirror a con- ventional English girl as Bhe used to appear ici the Book of Beauty. Setting Mr. Kinglake aside, however, we would ask Mr. Howitt whe- ther he has never heard' of other instances of ill succees' on' the part of¡ these descendants of Jamies and Jambres. v We certainly haveunder stood thu though such experiments continued in fashion for some years after Lord Prudboe's attempt/ the failures becameso incessant and so ludicrous'that after a certain number of quiet tourists bad shrugged their shoulders in patient disdain, ? and a certain numbor of impetuous tourists had kicked the buffi-d sorcerer'down stairs,'the farce ceased to/draw, and has now died a natural'death, Again, was it Mr. Home, or some other celebrated'Amerioan medioui, who ' turned suddenly round upon a.Bbrewd elderly gentleman, and said, "Man, I see your mother's ' spirit ' standing behind your chair." All the world knows the answer " She muBt have died'very suddenly then, for I left her at tea half an hour ago." Mr. Howitt would probably suppose'that the spirit seen was' the spirit1 of the gentleman's grandmother; but we fossils and paralytics rather imagine that the great medium thought'his auditor a shade too self-possessed/ and tc ok the chance-never" dreaming that so old a mother c.uld be ali've^ of startling bis nerves into a proper- state of receptivity for the spiritual communications whioh were about to ensue. These and other weak poluta in Mr. HowiuV brief are notorious enough to the world at large. Is be alone igno- rant of them; or are they intentionally sup pressed ? In either caso our faith in him QB an accurate narrator is shaken, and we are com- pelled to look upon his pleadings as those of a mere advocate. We cannot, of course, within the. limits of such aa article as this, adequately discuss the questions which he has raised. We must, therefore, oontent our- selves with expressing our entire disbelief in those foolish fancies which he and his coadjutors suffer to prey upon their minds like vermin,'and then fall back upon a deep-rooted conviction that the world ' we live in ia governed and disposed in obedience to an all-wise and unerring law. . Astonished and disgusted as we are-with the tone and temper of this semi- delirious production, we cannot take leave of Mr. Howitt without doing 'him . justice in.one respect. . ,He has ao oompiished a; feat which we believe to be unparalleled in the history of literature ; he has written a book about ghosts; magicians, and other supernatural events, which is as dull as a London directory. 