CURRENT TOPICS. We are glad to observe the success of Mr Burgess in securing so much patronage for bis benefit to-niglit at the Theatre. All that is now wanted to make the affair a success is decentish weather. In furtherance of the " Ragged .School' movement, it is announced that a meeting of the Ladie^' Committee will be held in the class room of the Mechanics' Institute, this afternoon at three o'clock. The ministers of the town and ladies favorable to the establishment of Ragged Schools ure invited to attend. Mr I.ove, the dramatic polyphonist, who for 70 nights entertained the Melbcurno public at the Polytechnic, will shortly visit Geeloug, to appear at the Mechanics'Institute, in a series of his humorous imitations. The daumce doue by the late gale to tho United Preabyierian church is not so serious as at first reported. Tenders are called for the repairs which will not cost more than L20. Information reached town yesterday of the death by drowning of a young female on the farm of Mr Haines, near Portarlington. Beyond tho fact that the deceased was known by the name of Jane, nothing further was known by our informant. The only business at the Police Court yester day was a charge of violently assaulting his wife preferred against one Jamr-s Cox, and which was postponed till this morning. We are informed that Mr M. J, Cummins has commenced proceedings against Mr Cooper, Chairman of tho Cnrio Itoad Board, for the offensive remarks made the latter relative to him at the last meetiug of the Board, on tho lS:li instant. In our report of the Town Council meeting on Wednesday, the name of Mr J. M. Andersou was inadvertently omitted from the list of Councillors present. Councillor Anderson was elected, at the same meeting, a member of the Public Works' Committee. | Three snakes have been killed in the Bota nical Gardens within the past week, by the men grubbing trees. They averaged from two to two and a half feet in length, of the brown i species, and were killed in the neighbourhood i of the reservoir. I In the report of the proceedings of the j Council of the Borough of Newtown and Chil | well yestirday, we omitted to state that the ! accounts of the Ctmocil for the previous year, I duly nudited, were presented to the Council for j final examination, and carried. The Mayoral elections for the two BallaratB resulted in the elevation of Councillor Camp* bell, vice Lewis, for the Western Borough; uud of Councillor Fassell, vice Young, for the Bast. The first Artillery Company's drill will take place this evening, at the Orderly rooms, at eight o'clock. Pleuro-Pneumonia continues^to spread with alarming rapidity in the direction of the Duck Ponds and Little River. Tk* managers of the Farmers Common, we are informed, are deter mined to loose no time in having their penal bye-laws gazetted. In the meantime the farmers themselves aro doing all that lies in their power to check its spreading. The com mittee appointed at a recent meeting have called for tenders for fencing in the Lazar Paddock," in a secluded part of the You Yangs. The exaction, by the Corporation, of a license fee of 10s for each waggon or dray which enters the town with wool or other produce, and takes back goods or stores for the farm or station from whence they were despatched, is creating a wide-spread feeling of dissatisfac tion, and, like many other restrictive measures of that august body, it seems calculated to lessen the trade, aud damage the position of the town, which they of all men ought chiefly to foster and encourage. In many eases, the money demanded is'paid, rather than submit to the delay and loss that mu«t result from any, other course; but it is satisfactory to know that this matter will come before the Bench to day, in a form that will test the legality of the impost, and elicit on what law the authority exercised by the Town Council is founded. On Monday the Town Inspentor found one of these unlicensed trespassers loading his dray at a store in a main street, and having filled in the carter's name upon a summons which he had " cut and dry" in his pocket, he handed it to the delinquent, requiring him to appear at the Police Court on the following Friday. In stead, however, of detaining hero the carter and his bullock team for five days, the owner of the dray, A. S. Robertson, Esq., will appear in the stead of his servant, and the decision corao to in this case will be a guide for the future. If there be in the Municipal Act any clause which empowers the Corporation to levy such a tax on the four-wheeled drays, any more than on the four-wheeled carriages of the floekmnsters, we have not been able to find it; but of course the Town Inspector's employers will be ready to state the authority on which their nroceedincs have been based. The public works committee of the Corio District Road Board, consisting of Messrs Morris, Kirk, Cooper, and Spalding, accom panied by the district engineer, Mr A. K. Goodall, visited the several sites suggested for the long talked of Little River Bridge, Messrs Wallace, Preston, King, and Garrett went round and pointed out the most eligible points, in their respective opinions—one at the end of Garrett's Road ; one near the north side of the Railway Station, near the ballast cutting on the Railway Reserve, and opposite to Mr Wallace's land, near the present railway bridge on its south side, at a spot indicated by Mr Martin, one of the railway engineers, who was com missioned to select a site about two years ago by the railway department. The other site inspected was offered by Mr Preston, on his land, and opposite a water reserve near Mr Francis' property. The committee then pro ceeded to inspect the Rothwell Ford, and though there appeared some slight difference of opinion as to the best, or at least the most acceptable site for the bridge, there was none whatever as to the necessity of immediate steps being taken to have this cross ing on the main line of road from Geelong to Melbourne put in proper repair immediately. It is understood that the surveyor is to prepare plans and estimates of cost of bridges, &e;, at the various places pointed out, and have them ready in about a fortnight to submit to a special meeting of the Corio Road Board. After that a meeting of the inhabitants of Little River is to be held, to decide upon the best site. The approval of the Government must then be obtained before tenders can be called for the erection of the bridge. There appears to be a great deal of red-tapeism imported into what should be a very simple affair. Those persons who are interested in the erection of the bridge, should bear in mind that the special appropri ating of L6OO will lapse if not expended during the current year. The alteration at the Post-office in the re- ceiving boxes for letters cannot be said to be any improvement. The alteration we learn was caused because, while the apertures in the window were so low as formerly, children occa sionally dropped stones and dirt into them, and on one or two occasions matches; but now that those holes have been placed beyond the reach of any but very big children, a fresh difficulty presents itself in the difficulty of getting letters to fall down. The holes are made with aprons of sheet zinc to fall against the inner side, and unless a person is aware of this and be tall enough to see into the aperture, the letter may lie there without dropping down at all, and may he picked out by the next comer, or stick there until some one who sees it takes the trouble to push it down, the metal apron being sufficiently heavy not to give to the pressure of any but a tolerably heavy letter, and as it is beyond the reach of the points of the fingers, it is difficult, except with a stick, to reach it. A very slight alteration would improve this inconvenience, and we hope to see it soon effected. According to the new Act Ballarat will be the senior shire officially proclaimed in the Government Gazette. A deputation appointed by the Hotham Municipal Council, consisting of the town clerk and Councillor Carroll, waited upon the hon the President of Lauds and Survey yes terday, relative to certain quantities of land held by a Mr Stevenson. It was staled that nineteen acres of valuable land had been leased to this gentleman fer the purpose of trying ex periments in grasses, but which experiments had never been attempted to be carried out. This land was reported as extremely valuable, and for similar allotments it was alleged high prices had been paid. Mr Heales, after listen ing to the grievance complained of, informed the deputation that he believed-the facts of the case were that Mr Stevenson originally took out a license under the industrial clauses of the Land Act, for the establishment of a pot tery, and had allotted to him six acres for this purpose. "With a view of carrying out hi* in tentions in this respect he had erected a kiln, &c.;, at considerable expense, and for which he was now paying a rental of L20 per annum. He bad also applied for some adjacent land of a marshy character, with tbo intention of try ing what seeds would prove most suitable'pro vided the land could bo brought under cultiva tion. The rent paid by Mr Stevenson was considered at least adequate, and the Govern ment therefore did not consider they could consistently Interfere with the arrangements already entered into. A number of gentlemen interested pastoral pursuits met in Melbourne yester day, aud the addiess of Mr G. S. Lang, the president of the Riverine Association, delivered .it the meeting held at llenili quin was freely canvassed. It was stated that Victoria would have to depend for her future exports of wool very considerably upon the district now known as Riverine, and that she future development of the resources of that portion of New South Wales materially de pended upon the future action of the New South Wales parliament. If the Sydney government (certainly more local than general) should fail to perform the promises they have made, separation will still be agitated. Queens land meanwhile would be considerably bene fitted, and should separation fail, tho commu nication between the senboard of Victoria and the Murray would render ltiverina worthy annexation to this- colony. Mr Lang returns to Sydney on Monday next, and entrusted with full power to introduce the views held by the council to the notice of the New South Wales parliament. The South Australian Parliament was pro rogued on the 12th insfc. Both of the Adelaide daily papers speak of the results of the session ' i very disparaging terms. The Register writes : Responsible government was never bo be daubed with mud as on the last day of the ses sion. The Ministry was defeated on both the important questions which had been reset ved for discussion. They reversed their previous day's policy at the dictation of the house in a mauner so barefaced that it has never before been equalled in our Parliament. On account of the .•asion and vacillation thus displayed i the House of Assembly, a motion was tabled by Mr Barrow,, at a laier hour in the Legislative Council, expressing a want of confidence in the Ministry. This was brought on by a suspension of the Standing Orders at 4 o'clock; but as that was the hour fixed for the prorogation there was, of course, no time allowed for the discussion of the motion. His Excellency the Governor was an nounced whilst Mr Barrow was in the midst the ' very torrent, tempest, and whirlwind ' of his speech. The debate was, therefore, cut short, the Parliament was prorogued, and the Ministry were saved." The Advertiser thus pronounces:—-"The session—take it for all in all—is one the like of which we shall probably not soon see again. Per contradictions, incon sistencies, failures, recantations, humiliations, and perpetual vexation9, it stands without a parallel; and as there is not the ghost of a chance of redeeming its character by any finnishing touches either of legislative or admin istrative statesmanship, the community at large will only be too glad to hurry over the funereal obsequies and await patiently the resurrection of political life next year." The Maryborough Advertiser gives these mining item* :—"The few remaining parties in Walsh's Gully appear to be doing pretty well, and'nuggets of respectable size are occasionally brought to light. A miner, named Thomas Davis, was fortunate enough to obtain one weighing 80 ounces last week, and we are informed that the party to . which he belongs have been exceedingly fortunate in the locality. It is reported that a quartz reef of surpassing richness has been opened within half-a-mile of the town of Maryborough, some very good stone alleged to have been obtained therefrom havinc been brought into the town last evening. The exact locality of the discovery is, as yet, unknown to the public, the prospectors desiring to keep it quiet for a day or two." The Riverine Herald of Wednesday gives the following- Echuca items :—" On Monday after noon Echuca was visited by a perfect hurricane of a hot wind, which lasted for two or three hours wi»h unabated fury. The gale, though it subsided a little at dark, continued during the whole of the night and all yesterday. The whole place for many consecutive hours has been enveloped in dense clouds of dust, vying in intensity with the inten8'"st of Sydney brick fielders. The Murray, which had been gradu ally falling, on Sunday night began again to rise, and still continues to do so. Prom the quantity of duckweed coming down the stream, we may expect a heavy flood. A rise has alsd taken place in the Campaspe, owing no doubt to the waters being backed up by the Murray. The anabranch of the Darling, says a private correspondent, has never been known to be so high as at present. The Murray at Euston was not falling at the date of his writing on the 10th iuat. The Murrurabidgee is falling con siderably." 