THEATRE ROYAL. From floor to ceiling this house was crowded in every part on Saturday evening. Part of the attrac tion undoubtedly was the announcement that Pro fessor Peppur's ghost illusion would be introduced between the play and the farce. Independently of this there was, however, an excellent bill of faro provided. Lovell's highly dramatic play, ' Love'3 Sacrifice,' headed the programme. It is- too familiar to justify any outline of a plot which is so skilfully evolved that tho intensity of interest is throughout unflagging. The unexpected d6noue-nn\t achieves that result which the sympathies of tin; audience in voluntarily impel them to desire. It is impossible to withhold admiration and affection for the other wise noble character of Elmore, ovju whilst we believo him guilty of the murder of D' L' Ormc. Thus, thero is a sense of satisfaction when tho judgment and tho impulse aro conscientiously re conciled by Elmorc's moving confession to his daughter of tho justifying dotails of the deadly encounter; and, subsequently, by the discovery of De L' Orme's unsuspected survival. -Tho Matthew Elmore of Mr Barry Sullivan is another of those finished portraits which wo havo had presented to us, as pago after page of the literature of tho drama is turned over for tho edification a-nl delight of the admirers of the dramatic art. Thero is a simple grandeur in tho character of Elmore, as in terpreted by Mr Sullivan, which at once secures confidence and affection for the hero of the play. When the consequences of tho crime which ho believes ho has committed are used against him, by Lafont, as a lever to compel him to the sacrifice of his daughter to hated nuptials with, that sordid villain, his agony of mind was displayed with au amount of telling vehomeuce which invested tho soeno with a vivid sense of reality. The earnestuc33 and excitement which broke forth from Elmore upon any accidental allu sion to tho diro event which had expatriated him wero finely contrasted with tho otherwise bonovo lent equanimity of his temper and bearing. Scarcely second in importance is the part of Margaret, whoso self-sacrifice of her brightest hopes and dearest affections upon the altnr of her father's safety gives iltln in tl*o iilnv l\TVs VTpiv linq nffnn l'nnrrtsnntod f.hfi gentle but spirited Margaret, but seldom to better ad vantagethan on Saturday. If somotbingof the girlish softness of tho merchant's daughter is missed in tho earlier scenes, this is more than compensated for by the dramatic force which she now infuses into tho scenes with L'ifont — tho alternations of fiorco do fiance of her huted wooer and womanish apprehen sion for her father's safety wero managed with per fect effect. As the beautiful and sprightly Herminie de Vermont Miss Rosa Dunn both looked and acted charmingly. Her coquettish airs and playful tyranny ovor her devoted admirer St. Lo, relieved, like in termittent sunsh'm flashes, tho gloomier scenes of the drama. Mr Robert Heir, in tho character of Paul Lafont, vory properly subdued (although with seeming difficulty) his usually impulsive and voluble style. Ho' looked scarcely sufficiently stealthy and villanous for tho part, but acted it with care and intolligeuco throughout — sharing ? :i\\* tvt\«i TTrt.». nnd ATt« S4iillivnii Min Itnnnrq nf fhn evening. Tho St. Lo of Mr Fitzgerald was easy and natural, and tho vivacious attributes of a reck less young Frenchman hopelessly in love aud in debt wero dopicted with an agruoablo freedom of touch entirely froo from sUtl'uess in the modo of treatment. Tho comic element is centred in the scene between Jean lluse (Mr Charles Young), and Manou (Mrs Phillips), where with woman's tact tho housekeeper wheedles the cunning bibulous old clerk out of a treasured secret having an important bearing upon the exposure of Lafont. What Mr Ire land had to do in the part of Eugene De L' Orme was acceptably presented. Tho other characters demand no special notice. Tho audienco ex pressed in tho usual way their rnarkod approba tion of tho moro telling scones of the play. Expectation was on tip-too for tho ghO3tiy visitant, whose, visible apparition had been promised, but tho act-drop was only a few minutes down whim the manager appeared before it in a substantial form to apologise for tho non- production of ' Professor Pepper's Ghost.' Mr Sullivan profaced his ex planation by assuring tho audienco that, though he had often playod when suffuriug from sovero indis position, ho had never appearod so completely afflicted with worry as during the porformanco which had just concluded. Ho, at times during tho oven ing, could not bo sure whether ho stood on his head or his heels. Ho rominded them that during tho twelve months which had elapsed since ho first ap peared in Melbourne, ho had never on a single occa sion disappointed his patrons, and ho, therefore, with some confidence claimed their forboaranco now. Every preparation had been mado for tho production of tho ghost effect ; but he had, during the ovoning, rccoivod a lawyer's letter, on behalf of somo persons whom ho did not know, claiming apatont right in tho ghost invention, and threatening him with legal proceed ings if he infringed such. As ho had a ivholojomo dread of the complications of law, ho asked tho for bearance of the audience until ho had had an oppor tunity of himself consulting counsel as to his posi tion, and he assurod them that, should logal opinion bo in his favor, he would present thorn, not with one, but half-a- dozen, ghosts of tho most spectral description, in tho only theatre in Melbourne capable of giving due effect to tho illusion. Mr Sullivan's explanation was received with general good will. Tho farce of ' Popping the Question' concluded tho per formance, giving scope for the laughter-moving powers of Mr Lambert and Mrs Phillips. The audienco evinced the usual disregard for propriety, by rising from their seats as tho denouement ap proached, and some persons in tho dress-circle, who should have known better, kept up a running firo of conversation (not oven sotte voee) during the entire porformanco of ' Love's Sacrifice,' to the intenso annoyance of all unfortunate enough to be located near them. 