' THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. A crowded house assembled on Satnrdsy night, attracted by tho announcement. that ovoral ghosts would bo introduced to tho nudience. It was something to see ono ghost, but to behold a series of apparitions was a temptation which, in tUis sensation looking age, it was impossible to resist j so that not only was erery seat occupied, but a good deal of'tho Blinding room was turned to good use. It eccmod almost a pity that bo excollcnt a play as "Lovo's Saerifico, and such an excel lent representation of it aa was offered, should bo tho avnnt oourior of what was to follow. Tho marked attention, however, which was paid to this, ono of the best of modorn plays, demonstrated sufficiently woll that tho oagor- . noss with whioh the subsequent part of tho performance was. looked for, could not displaco tho interest folt for what was iu itself so greatly worthy consideration. Tlio progress of the pieco was accompaniod by tho most marked attention on tho part of those prosont, and the several points of special signiGoanoe were ainglod out for oxproiBiro demonstration. Of Mr Sullivan's Matthew Elmore, it was, as might bo cxpoctcd, distinguished by a fine intelligence throughout ; but for reasons which wero afterwards mado manifest, it lacked somewhat of the force and spontancousncss which might bavo ocon expeoted to distinguish it. Thoro wore indications of mental pre-ocou- p'ation which aomowhat stood in tho way of a perfect rendering of tho character; Mrs Heir's Margaret is ono of the many parts in which this lady is poworfully offeotivo. Sao carries tho sympathies of t-lio audience, with her from first to last, and in the sccno whore, after giving her hand to Lufont, she falls back sensoless, ovorpowered by tho terrible off art it has cost her to aocept the addresses of tho man sho loathes, she excites tho profoundeBt emotion. Sho was in hor happiest mood on Saturday night, and she equalled, if sho did not excel, any previous effort in this character. Mr Heir was the rovorao of unsuccessful as Lafoht," "but Mr Richard Voungo lias mado this part so exclusively bis own; so far as tho Molbourno stage is concerned, that even a very good representation of it suffer somowhat by comparison with his version. Mr Charles Young mado a most amusing Joan Ruse, and tho scene with him and Mrs Phillips, whero the adroit housekeeper plies him with wino in ordor to obtain tho koy of tho mysterious closet, was full of tho rarest humour. Mr Fitzgorald throw into tho part of 8t. Lo much agreeable vivacity, Miss Robb Dunn's Herminie had a delicate 'piquancy about it whioh could hardly be surpassed, and Mr Ireland was gentlemanly and dignified in a -part which does not offer much opportunity for effective dis play. At tho conclusion of the pieoo tho audience was ovidontly wrought up to a pitch of considerable excitement in anticipation .of What whs understood to bo about to follow, aud when Mr Sullivan came forward with the apparent intention of nddressing tho house, it was soma littlo time before he could obtain a perfootly quiet hearing. Something approaohing to silonce having been at last ob tained, he stated his regret at having to appear undor circumstances which had causod him very serious annoyance — so muoh so, that it had been with some difficulty he had been able to go through tho part bo had just sustained. He had, he said, been boforo tho publio as a mana ger for about six months, and he had not, so far as he was aware, caused any disappointment to his patrons. Ho greatly regretted, therefore, that ho hod been forced into tho necessity of doing so on this occasion. Tho "ghost" would not be able to appear, in conaoquonce of a formal notice ho hod that evening received, threatening him witli legal proceedings if ho infringed tho patent by. which its -right of pro duction was restricted to oertain individuals. Ho trusted the indulgence of the audience would be Extended to him for having deter mined to postpone its production until ho should have taken legal advioo upon tho matter. He had littlo doubt, however, that, in the course of a few days, the diffioulty would be overcome, and he would then produco — not one ghost, but half d-dozen. This address was received with epplauBo, and the explanation appeared to givo gonoral satisfaction. There were, however, some dissentients to this feeling, and though they did not audi bly express . their opinione, they whispered loudly that tho truo reason why tho ghost's appearance had been postponed, was that tbe ghoat apparatus would not work proporly, and that, though a legal warning had been for warded 'to tho management, its date was tho 12th of August, not tho 15th j1 so that if there had been any intention to recogniso its authd- rity, tho" announcement of a postponement might have been made three days previously. Wo give those rumours as we have heard them, without any comment. " Wo may, however, repark that wo have now before us a doou- msnl, addressed to another gentleman who has announced a ghost, cautioning him against infringing the ghost patent, and this is cer tainly dated the 12th instant. Whothor tho other warnings wore issued on the same day, wo do not of course protend to say ; but, as wo have remarked, certain malcontents ossert that' thoy wore. Thus tho ghost quea tion bids fair to bring about somo very pretty theatrical complications. ROYAL HAYMARKET. The Ghost at this theatre improves on acquaintance, and since hor ghostlinosB first made hoc appearance on Monday night, she has become Jobs real and moro imaginative. Tlio " Oastle Spectre" has been kept on tho bills daring tho yvoek, for tlio purpose of affording tho Ghost an opportunity of making its nightly appearance. . On" Saturday night tho spiritual offect was surprisingly good, and nothing could havo boon bolter than the con trivance by which tho shadowy outline of tlio Ghost was mado slowly to rise from nothing, and gradually to dovolop itself into form. On tho first representation tho figure lookod rather too real and life-like, but by increasing tho effect this objection bos been overcome, and the Haymarkot Ghost, is now as perfect as ncods bo. There is nothing ubout the apparition which could causo a . thrill of terror, but on tho contrary, it . is a " thing of beauty " and as such, to be admired. This evening Diokons'B drama of " Tho Haunted Man" is to bo pro duced, with new and sensational effects, and of courao the; Ghost is to play a prominoat part m tho pieoe. The -excellent farce of " Tho Lottery Ticket," in. which Mr James Sim- monda ably distinguishes himielf in the part of Wormwood, and the ballot of "Tho Sculptor of Floronoo" concluded the enter tainment on Saturday night. . ROYAL PRINCESS'S The pit was filled upon Saturday night, the occasion being tho benefit of Mr Alf. M'Liren a gentleman who has. lately signalised himself in the. art, whose professors are technically known ..as .gentlemen, of .tho "fancy." Hie merits, however, are not confined to his aoliiove- monts in tho ring. Ho has distinguished him self 'by somo acts of personal daring and bravery, whioh, under other ciroumstanoes. would haply have entitled him to receive honours which tho highest military horocs do not disdain to wear. His friends, therefore, ehose this mode of signifying thoir approval of his conduct, and the result iB, no doubt, sal is- factory- "both -to "tliom "and to himself! The performances wore appropriately specialized by the production of " Dick Turpin'f and "Tom and Jorry, in both of whiob tho sportin" element enters somewhat largely. The scene in the latter pieco representing the interior of the celebrated "Tom Oribb's Parlour," was made tho opportunity for introducing to tho audience some of tho moBt eminent membara of the Victorian ring, w"ho gavo a taeto of thoir quality in what the bills called "a grand display of science with tho gloves." In this partoftho performance tho audience was evi- dcntly deeply jntorestod, and tho several oom- ba unto were loudly applauded, tho telling hits Thorn isTlri j nV/?ir e8pecial approbation, nasriln u bt tba5 for 8 Rod healthy p a timo, there are few exercises more benefioiai than a vigoroue "sot to" with S„„ 8>. ?nd any circumstance which will free tbo Boienco from its moro objectionable associations is worthy of note. It is, perhaps a bold experiment for a manager to produpe epamng exhibitions upon an ordinary stage, but tbo perfect order and decorum with whioh they were managed on this occasion demon strates not inconclusively that tho science of the gloves is not noosssarily either degrading or offensive. The soone of the "parlour" was furthor distinguished by tho presence of several well-known sporting characters, and the ohair was occupied by a gontlcmsn who may bs regarded ai ono of the institutions of Mel bourne. .Tho .materials of- tha festivity wero apparently not supplied by tho property man. Mr Faweett announeo3 moat positively that his ghost will appear to-night, and we bclievo that it will bo a spirit of most excellent quality. 