BY LAND AND BY WATER. An Excursion. 'It sppeats to me,' said my friend Pivot, while windingup a chronometer, 'that much may very justly he saia iu favour of Homaiopathy ; but I think it would bees unreasonable to expect unanimity of opinion in regard to medicine, as pertect similitude in natural oljects.' 'True,' I replied; 'no two blades of grass bear microscopic resemblance to each other ; and there to variety where, to the naked eye, there seems to be uniformity. Neither humanity nor art are ex ecutions to the universal rule. Phrenologists tell us that this variety of formation iu nature to sufficient to account for variety of opinion in human nature.' Pivot smiled incredulously and went into a learned disquisition on ' causation,' and the varied effects produced upon different minds by the same set of facts, end concluded by remarking that although 'truth ' might be one in medicine as in theology, the whole of truth might not be embraced by any par ticular schooL 'Still,' I said, 'if humanity must be 'pilled, ' our choice lies between the bolus of the oid school and the globulesof the new. But I am of opinion that humanity takes too much physic. There are many of the ills to which we are subject that re quire only fresh air and recreation of a moderately exciting kind to make a batter and more effectual cure than could have been wrought by the eccentric Ahernetby himself, or by the most skilful practitioner of modern times, with all the medical resources at hto command.' ' Yes,' replied Pivot, ' there ore many generous and noble men in the medical profession who are continually laying humanity under obligation, but, alter all, Nature to the best and kindest of phy sicians. She makes us pay for the violation of her iawe, but she to ever ready to prove herself mistress of the healing art. Our last excursion was a case in point. Did we not get a new stock of health, at a much cheaper rate, and in a manner far more agree, able, than being laid up in ordinary and submitting ourselves to the tender mercies of Morison or Hollo way?' I was about to supplement this last obser. vation by some reference to tbe experience we gained also of country life, upon which he was rather tender, when a lady alighted from her carriage to inquire respecting a timepiece which Pivot had in hto horo lcgical hospital ; and I returned home thinking of the incidents of the little adventure to which he had referred. One morning, shortly after tbe opening of the year, wl ile the tow n, covered by the grey dawn, lay hushed in sleep, we started on our journey. We were far away in the bush, breathing the perfumed exhalations of tbe trees, before the sun had cast his ruddy glow over the face of the morning and the inhabitants had begun to clamour at the golden gate of Labour for those blessings of health and plenty which she bestows upon her sober and industrious children. Nature wore her gayest colours, for the long drought was broken upand the thirsty earth was refreshed by copious showDs. The birds poured forth their sweetest notes, and the distant ocean, with hto eternal bass, joined in the song of thanksgiving. Our desti nation w-as one of the beautiful bays which continue lar inland the characteristic features of the batbour, and where, undisturbed by navigation, fish of all kinds may be obtained from the zoophite, which seems to form the lick between fish and vegetable life, to the shark— who performs the duties of scavenger and re munerates himself for this sanitary duty by continual levies upon the lower orders of his kind, and by stray bites upon venturesome lords of the creation who occasionally intrude uponhis domain. As we followed tbe winding path amongst the foliage we felt that we were drinking in health at every pore. Having ac complished about half our journey we seated our, elves on a lsrge sandstone rock, through which gushed a sparkling stream that bounded like a living thing to wards the sea. ' Ah !' said Pivot, ' how many days like this do I remember. The objects which meet the eye call torth a thousand recollections of hope and joy and care. The past to like the bush we travel through; — here a wreath of flowers — there, a tree, standing like one whose hopes are blasted; here a charred trunk, deformed and blackened like a victim who has fallen in the fiery fumtce of temptation — there a gnarled monarch of the forest possessing in itself no attractions but rendered magnificent by the chaste and graceful plant entwined around its branches and covering it with beauty. In nature as in human nature The Bmlle and the tear, tbe song and tbe dirge, Follow each other like surge upon surge. Fifty years ago scarce a white foot had trod where we have this day wandered, and fifty years hence Sydney may have stretched ont its suburban extremities even to the waterfalls, the Bound of which salutes our tar.' ' It muy be so,' I' remarked, 'one likes to anticipate semi times. It to frequently more cheerful ; than to recall the poet. How circumscribed would be our life it the presmt only were ours !' 'Yes,' replied Pivot, ' but while we arc conscious of a pre smt existence we live in the past and hope in the future. The only dangir is that of forgetting to act in the present, end making life a Beoson of vain re grets and unreasonable anticipation0 . Well has our immortal poet said 'The mind is its own place' — It to a globe, revolving on the axis of reason— a microcosm frequently inhabited by pleasant memories and clras teBcd sorrows. The sun of recollection shines upon that which is pleasurable, and there to summer in the soul ; the sombre shades of sorrow intervene and scatter the snows of winter.' Wc proceeded on our journey till we arrived at a promontory which indents a large expanse of blue w ater tl at ebbs and flows with the ocean. Descending a steep declivity, wc came to a firry and hailed a boat. We sailed over u surface scarcely rippled by the breeze, and followed f r two or three miles the windings of the river, which, like a huge serpent, lies coiled smor.gst the hills. Every half-mile was land It eked. It was as though we sailed through a chain of l-. kcs. Pivot took a professional view of it. To his rye the bright shields of water resembled the jcwtlsof a bracelet, and were fit ornaments lor so magnificent an ernt. Ihejcu de mots to of course dis reputable, but still I thought it was atoned for by the vigour of the simile. To me the lakes certainly Fccmcd as much alike as jewetoof the same size, shape, and colour ; but here and there was a green spot, a rock of mot e than usual prominence and individuality, or a little patch of cultivation ; and by the aid of these distinctive marks we were safely piloted to our desired haven. We landed at a small stone wharf, and followed a road, designed after a corkscrew, until we reached the top of a lofty hill, Bud came in view of the habitation which marked the end of our journey. We saw no one to welcome us ; but I ven tured to remark that a house generally implied a man. ' Yes,' rejoined Pivot, ' ends man generally implies a woman. ' Put a handsome young fellow in the middle ef the Pacific, on sn uninabited island where there are plenty of palm and bread fruit trees,' said a learned professor, ' and in all probability, if you were to touch upon the same island a year or two afterwards you would find himwelkingundcr the palm trees arm m- arm with a pretty woman.' But beauty of feature to frequently associated with beauty of mind, and mental beauty expresses itself in outward and visible eigne.' I saw at once the conclusion to which he had I arrived. The habitation certainly did not appear to be the abode of much taste ; indeed, it seemed to be somewhat deficient in that 'surface Christianity ' which has generally assigned to it in the code of morals a place next to godliuess itself. It was put together all askew. Its gables were irregular; its: windows odd end unsquare. Each side seemed to he propping up the otter, and it suffered evidently from curvature of the spine. The little garden was overgrown and untended ; here and there were a few violets matted among the couch-grasB which formed the greensward, but the place lacked altogether the neat ucsb and simple elegance which characterise the cottage homes of England. As we n eared the door we made tl c acquaintance of the proprietor — a good natured fellow with sturdy limbs and sunburnt face, who evidently could with equal satisfaction toss off a bumper of nut-brown ale or throw his man at a wrestling bout. He rejoiced in the name of Nipper, and introduced us to hto spouse. Mrs. Nipper re ceived us with a gracious smile, and welcomed us to 'the Paradise.' Pivot gave a slight wink at this facetious designation, but the facial gesture was ua. observed by Mrs. Nipper, who, with undisturbed equanimity, busied herself in the preparation of break! ast, which wsb soon laid in a matter-of-fact style, fur Mrs. Nipper was a matter of fact woman. She wsb innocent of hoops or crinoline, and her clothes seemed as though they had been born with her, she appeared to jit them so neatly. Her features w ere striking. One eye was constantly endeavouring to keep a strict watch upon the other, which, how ever, wss securely sheltered by a feature of remarkable prominence and angularity. She did not possess many of those ' accomplishments' which city ladies acquire, but our experience proved her to be one who had studied the relative economy of provisions both in their kind and in their minuter divisions. After breakfast, which was composed of materials affording ample scope for the display of superior powers of mastication and digestion, we were intro duced to the presiding genius of the neighbouring fishing grounds, Mr. Timotheu6 Dugup, whom, with a due regsTd for brevity and euphony, they called Tim. He was one of those men whose age it to impossible to tell from their psisonal appearance, and whose remem brance of historical facts, according to their own testi mony, extends over many generations ! Refer to a remarkable incident, and they are sure to remember it. ? For instance, mention such au event as the formation * of the London Fishmongers' Company, and they would distinctly remember its incorporation. Showing that it took place in the 16th century you doubt the veracity of the statement, but are at once overwhelmed with corroborative testimony — for, on the same day, they caught fish of remarkable size or made ' night-lines ' of unusual length, or got into a very advanced stage of intoxication. Your dates are denied, your authorities are questioned, and you have no alternative but to subside. In appearance our guide was aregular ' salt,' and had evidently done a good deal of holy stoning and tobacco-chewing in hto time. He was, moreover, given to smoking and expectora tion, and I think also to expletives, but, if so, on this occasion he exercised that self- denial which farms an essential of good breeding. Indeed, so gracious was he that had he been able he would no doubt have regulated for us the time of high water. We were of course soon excellent friends. Our first duty was to catch bait, and we lost no time in getting into a suitable locality. Tim dropped the kellickl and begem to hurley for yellow-tail. ' Once let 'em know we're clearing out at an enormous sacrifice,' he saga ciously observed, ' and we'll catch 'em by the dozen.' As he cast around the templing food they came about rne Doai in snoats, etna so anxious were tney to se cure the ' bargains' that we could scarcely furnish our hooks with sufficient rapidity. Tim's eyes sparkled at the quantity and variety of bait we se cured, but Pivot was anxious to get fish of large di mensions, and it was therefore proposed that we should shift our quarters, for with fish as with animals and plants it is useless to seek them out of their habitats. You canuot reasonably expect to catch a flathead with a bait which would be irresistible only to a ' toady.' ' No,' replied Tim, ' in shallow water you get only fish of little weight ; for the king fish and the schnapper you must try lower depths and a more liberal offering.' ' How much that to like the shop 1 ' rejoined Pivot. ' We are a colony of fishers : aome fish in commercial waters, some in tbe oresn of politics, and some in theological streams. When the hook to properly baited, and the line judi ciously weighted and dropped at the right time, and in the proper place, a good haul to the result ; Btill, how many lese the tide, and ? ' All the voyage of thctr life Is toned in shallows and In miseries.' ' ' Ah,' said Tim, ' that's Shaksperc, ain't it ? — He was a knowing fellow, but I think the bait of most importance. If its Parliamentary fishing, Mr. Skite (I ihink his other name to Blather, but 1 ain't sure) says there's no bait like plaice ; although he don't deny that yellow- tail to good when it's paid out well. He comes to fish here sometimes. The last time he caxne he was chaffing the Rev. Mr. Slowcove about matrimonial fishing. He said a silver hook didn't want any bait, but was as irresistible as a yellow-tail to a flathead. Not a bad joke, was it? But the Cove never joked, although I dare say he'd preach a capital sermon, he looked so solemn. When he had a bite he used to pull up the line mournfully ; he seemed to unhook the fish with afew words of admo nition, and deposit it in the boat with as much seriousness as if he were reading it a homily on the uncertainty of life.' Having caught as much bait as we were likely to require, we. proceeded without further delay to a favourite spot, where we dropped anchor in twenty fathoms of water. Now was the time of great ex pectation. Down went our lines. Conversation wets hushed. Silence was broken only b; the garrulous notee of the friar bird (Tropidoryuchus cormculatus); the shrill screeching of the parroquctte, and the voice of a 'trumpeter' which we hooked while fishing for yellowtail, and which was bemoaning his fate most musically. Presently Pivot was startled by a tre mendous tug at his line, whieh instantly became as straight end hard as au iron rod. He strove with all hto might to land his prize, and the fish did its best to cut his acquaintance, but Tim went to the rescue, and sb they hauled in the line hand over hand it cut deep into tne boat and made it smoke with the friction. ' A stingarec 1' said Tim. 'Look out for hto spike — he'll fight like the very ? ' The remainder of the sentence was drowned in a tremendous splashing, as a sting, ray of unusual size wsb drawn up the Bide of the boat. Tim pulled out a knife, and with great coolness divested the fish of hto dangerous continua tion ; he then with evidentsatisfactionsppliedthewaddy and placed the prize alongside the kellick. The sport grew exciting, The next fish we caught was a flat head, who made a violent resistance at first, but eventually gave in, and came up like one proceeding with hod grace to perform a disagreeable duty. Bat , a lew moments had elapsed when ' whieh ' went the line again and up came a reluctant ' fiddler,' a (car tilaginous fish resembling the ray), then a sohnapper. Shortly afterwards Pivot hooked a fish winch fairly swung the boat round, and pulled strong enough to drag it from its moorings. 'Hold on tight,' cried '* Tim ? that's a shark — clear away the other lines— pull awav with a will.' Tim was mistaken. I lent Pivot a hand, and by our united exertions we suc ceeded in bringing to the surface a splendid specimen of the king fish, four or five feet in length, in shape somewhat like a salmon, end weighing nearly forty lbs. After thi6 the sport grew tame. And so we drew up the ke'lick and proceeded to the 'paradise ' where we found our evening repast already prepared. We sat down with the keen appetites of sportsmen and mode a hearty meal, notwithstanding the lack of many bttle accessories which one is accustomed to expect in more civilized regions. But there was one thing ebout which Mrs. Nipper was v.ry particular, and that was the preparation of tea. She introduced it free from saccharine matter, and told us frankly that ' she never sugared anybody's tea, except as how she knowed as rhey took sugar.' This, however, was s matter of small in portar.ee, seeing that we had before us a basin of ' Company's pieces ; ' but it showed a kind consideration and a desire to m9ke us comfort able. I ventured to rem -.A that she was one of nature's rough diamonds, but Pivot did not seem to agree with me. I persisted, however, that many fine ?qualities were frequently enveloped in a rough exterior, and thut many uncut diamonds were wor.li more thsn imitation jewels which sparkle with many facets. He could not deny this, but he gave me a gentle hint that it did not there fore follow that all rough geological specimens were diamonds. The fact was, he felt the difference between the ten der solicitude aud graceful attentions which made bis own home so enjoyable, and wished himself back again. Daypght crept away into the darkness, and, after recounting the events of the day we retired to our rooms for the night, intending to renew our sport with the break of the following day. But the drowsy god held not undivided sway. His power was disputed by caterpillars, grubs, centipedes, mosquitos in myriads, soldier ants, fleas, and another kind cf carnivorous insect whicb, according to Pivot, somewhat resembled cockroaches, but were a little redder and not guite eo large. I was rather apprehen sive of retiringto rest, my bed being in close proximity to a wall with large boles, which were, no doubt, in habited ; but after killing a large tarantula by a smart application of leather, I resigned myself to my fate. I should have preferred reading myself to sleep, but the place was void of all readable reading. The only amusing scrap I was able to find was tbe following, on which Lord Dundreary freely expressed his opinion of country life, and as it seemed somewhat apropos, I preserved it. Hto Lordship says : — 'To tell you the twuth I hate the countwy — it's so awful dull — there's such a howid noise of nothing ail day and nothing to be seen but gween twees and cows, and milkmaids with wed hair. I don't mean that the cows are gween, you know, but the twees. And then the earwigs get into your hairbwusbes, and if you lie on the grass, those bwutes of ants get up your trousers, end the howid gwasshoppers play at leapfrog over your nose, which to bowible torture, and makes ydu weady to faint — if it' 6 not too far to call for assistance. The howid sky to always blue, and the sun bwings 3 ou out all in those howid fweckles, and turns you into tbat fwightful bwicky colour which tbe wctchcs call healthy. As if a man must lose hto own complexion and become a bwicky— carroty wed colcur ! Ha 1 ha 1 — itb a mithtake— the countwy wants impwoving, and to only fit for wed fathed people that sell corn. One twee to exactly like another, and as for lambs tbey sre idiotic little things without mint sauce, and there is no mint sauce in the countwy ? .' The remainder had been torn away. My attention was now arrested by noises issuing from tbe next room — first I heard a heavy thud, and then another, which, after much speculation, I concluded were caused by the felling of boots of unusual weight; — then snatches of ditties that were popular many years ago, and finally sundry sonorous sounds like the notes of a distant bassoon, but despite these and ths other violent irritants, at last I fell asleep. Pivot, who occupied an adjacent room, woke me long before daylight. He bad passed the time partly in the study of natural history, and partly in makiag violent attacks upon phlebotomy in its ruddy practitioners. One night was sufficient, and after anutner day's fish ing we returned to town. But short as was our stay, change of air, change of scene, and change of occupa tion bad bad a beneficial effect. Though tired in body we were mentally refreshed, and the discomforts we had suffered gave ub abetter appreciation of the enjoy ments of our own homes. Indeed, se much to ting the esse with Pivot, that his 'better half' to quite prepared to It t him go again. ? GUARDFISH. Illusions.— On this interesting topic we find the following remarks in the British Quarterly Review. The writer says: — Illusions may arise either from disorder of the senses, or from ao error of judgment upon data correctly derived from their evidence. Thus a person may see double, or see only the half of an object ; or he may see that object distorted, or variously coloured, or modified in an infinity of ways — a most prolific source of ghost-seeing. This chiefly occurs undtr tbe influence of a predominant train of thought, an absorbing emotion, or an excited state of the imagination. One illustration will serve as the type of the whole ; it is related by Dr. Ferriar in his ' Theory of Apparitions ' : — ' A gentleman was be nighted, whilst travelling alone, in a remote part of the Highlands of Scotland, and wss compelled to ask shelter for the evening at a small lon-ly hut. When he was to be conducted to hto bedroom, the landlady observed, with mysterious reluctance, that he would find the window very insecure. On examination, he found that part of the wall had been broken down to enlarge tbe opening. After some inquiry he was told tbat a pedlar, who had lodged in the same room a short time before, had committed suicide, and was found hanging behind the door in the morning. According to the superstition of the country, it was deemed improper to remove the body by the doer of the house, and to convey it through the window was impossible, without removing part of the wall. Some hints were dropped that the room had been subse quently haunted by the poor man's spirit. My friend laid his arms, properly prepared against intrusion of any kind, by hto bedside, and retired to rest not with out some degree of apprehension. He was vtoited in a dream by a frightful apparition, and awaking in ageny, found himself sitting up in bed, with a pistol grasped in Ins right hand. On casting a fearful glance round the room, he discovered by the moon light, a corpse dressed in a shroud, reared against the wall, close to the window. With much difficulty he summoned up resolution to approach the dismal ob ject, the features of which and the minutest parts of its funeral apparel, he perceived distinctly. He paiBed one hand over it, felt nothing, and staggered hack to bed. After a long interval and much reasoning with himself, he renewed his investigation, aud at length discovered that the object of his terror was produced by the moonbeams forming a long bright image through the window, on which his fancy, im pressed by hto dream, had pictured, with mischievous accuracy, the lineaments of a body prepared for inter ment. Powerful associations of tenor, iu this in stance, bad excited the recollected images with un common force and effect.' Dlusions of the senses are common in our appreciation of form, distance, colour, and motion, and also form a lack of comprehension of the physical powers of nature, in the production of images of distant objects. A stick in water appears bent or broken ; the square tower at a distance looks round ; distant objects appear to move, when we our selves only are in motion ; the heavenly bodies ap pear to revolve round the earth. All our readers will also be familiar with, the Spectre of the Brocken, the Fata Morgana, and 'the Mirage; all of 'which were long supposed to have a supernatural origin, until they were shown to be due to the ordinary laws of light and atmospheric influences. All these allusions are easily rectified by the judgment, and are transitory in the aene mind. Amongst the insane, mistakes of one person for another, and illusions of the most Varied aud perverse character, are the most constant and durable symptoms of the mental disorder. The Flight of Timb.— There are many things of which you have b much more vivid perception at some times than at others. The thing is before you; but sometimes you can grasp it firmly — sometimes it. eludes you mistily. You are walking along a country path, just within hearing of distant bells. You bear them faintly, but all of a sudden, by some caprice of the wind, the Bound is borne to you with startling clearness. There is something analogous to that is our perceptions and feelings of many great facts and truths. Commonly, we peroeive them and feel them faintly : but sometimes tbey are bome in upon us, we cannot say how. Sometimes we get vivid glimpses of things which we have often talked of, but which we had never discerned and realised before. And for many days it has been so with me. I have seemed to feel the lapse of time with startling clearness, I hare no doubt, my reader, that you have sometimes done the like. Yon have seemed to aotually peroeive the great current with which we arc all gliding steadily away and away.— '* doing On,' w JFraitr'skafmndt 