FURTH1ER NEWS BY TIlE ENGLISH MAIL. GnmAT satisfaction has been occa?sioned by th':etatemrent that the difficurlties that arose from the recent issue by Mr. Adams of the certificate or pass to Messrs. IIowell and Zirminan are likely to be smoothed down. It is reported that Mr. Adams is conscious of having noacted in the matter upon imperfect re presentations iand with undue haste, and that, consequently, he raises no pretensions such as would necessitate any absolute protest from one goverrnent to the other on the aubject. It is therefore believed tlhat the re ]ations between our cabinet nnd the United States' legation in London wvill continue on a friendly footing-a result which in a personalu sense will afford unmixed satisfaction, since the individual and hlistorical clhirms of Mr. Adams to respect and esteem have never been disputed in any quarter. Thn morning psapers of May 6 contain the full text of the Russian reply to Earl Rt'1ssell's appea! on behalfof Poland. The document was issued by the Foreign-office. The MIonitour likewise publishes the answer to the French note, whiclhjt pronounces to bo con diliatory in its character. The reply to Eng land is much more full and explicit. It con sents to enter uipon a discussion regarding the e;ngagements of 1815, in which it admits the interest of tihe Western Powers, Iand of course it professes the best intentions anrd the warm ust wishes for peace in Poland. But the tenour of the note does not appear to us very encouragirg. There is a great deal of ili plied censure rpeon European governments, on the ground tlhart their toleration of a rc vohitionary lr'opagttnda has led to the very disturbances which they now call on Russia to appease. The torne of the note is in a great umeasure one of subdued but not concealed bitterness. '. The Foreign-oflice has published an im portant collection of ppecrs upon Polish affairs. They show tlhattll Western Powers have pressed conciliation on Russia with al mhost peremptory iirmness, Earl Russell warning Baron Brunnow tinat, although his note was pacilic, events might change. Tho blue-book ciontains very few referoencea to France. Informanion fiom Sweden, too, is a. supplressed, and thero are exceedingly few .speculations. The correspondence contains severIl references to the infinonce of Mlzzini. Several of the Vienna papers predict that ,Auslria will coume to griel if her rulers should attempt to remnio neultral in the question Swhich is at issuo between the Western .' powers on the one side and Russia and .:Prussia on the other, but there is great reason to fear that a tdeaf ear will be turned to their warnings. It was long before Count Rech berg could beo induced to forward to St. Petersburg his dispatch of April 12, and a person who must be ncqua;nted with his in tentions now says that heo is resolved not to allow himself to be persuaded to tako another step in advance. Austria, it is said will now ., remain passive, and leave it to England and ' France to fight at St. Petersburg the battles ' of the Poles. The Austrian army is now on peace-footing, but the government runs little or no risk, as a great part of thu nation is * satisfied with the progress that has recently been made. Had the absolute system been upheld it would, under present circumstances, Lavo been necessary to increase the strength of the army instead of reducing it. The govermnent professes to find nothing offensive in Princo Gortschakoff's despatch of April 26, but the Vaterland, which is the oigan of the feudal party in Austria, pronounces it to be '"dry, bitter, coarse and insolent." The revival of public spirit in France ex ceeds all hopes and fears, and surpasses the 'expectations of the'friends and the enemies of freedom. While Ml. de Persigny is em ployed in digging deeper the foundations of the Imperial dynasty, the constitutional liberal opposition takes advantage of the .momentary respite of repression to throw an in every town∧ commune of lFrance the scaffolding of a broader and loftier edifice. In truth, the liberals of all parties who are leagued in defenco of a comnmon cause do but nnticipate the promises and vows of the Emperor himself. Government, it is stated, declines most positively to entertain the pro)posals nmla, on behalf of tlhe colonics ofl New' Sbouth WVde: and New Zeal?nd, for a mail service via Panama on'ly alteIC.I e lt foij. ht with the prl'oesOnt overlhntl f trr?'er Iellr the contralct wtillt the PI tiitl?lt'r dOi Uli Ostel (Coin pany. Il Il.tr ls:ih Ihr, itrl lit msnrts aclnl injl ,,j dii: rich ,',i.r lly, r i, siJinalian is vI dir e,:,( lmou gt he'l~ ag,;Jnt:,.v, is v,.jy :Jew, ami pur tia10 i L 'r, a , . t l l d I , t I lll, lIsi Itit;ll til(llinlt e :" i,t1 11 hu inte f'/6 (t Jtiii ,ttl ht:tm i(ti:e s (It l aP lOll-so Thatrlh , 'lucy niatnwu by tlhe iitblhli train, and brought with them a number of persons .vhom they had enlisted for the construction of a railway in America. They wanted others, however, and they thought that Clharlovillo might furnish them. To the pc lo attending mnarkect they accordingly ad dressed themseilves, presenting moste pro ·mising prospects, anld offcringl most seducing" wages. The thoughtless listeners wreo noon caught, and were raonly at once to engalge for embarkation. IIowever, lMr. Chlncy, D.L., hearing of it, went to the parish prieit, who accompanied him to the seeno of opera tions, told the people that it was not for n railway, but for war, thie enli;:tcrs wanled them. They then inlornmed tim latter that if they did not decnmp they would be given in chnarge to the police. They tookl the hint, and about fifty persons whom they had on gaged thus fortunately escaped. Cnptain Daniel O'Connell has been np pointed a special commissioner of income tax, in the room of the late Mr. Bonhlam. A vacancy is Ihua caused in the representation :f 'l"ahre. A mtan named Kelly, who is in custody in Dublin, hbs been found guilty by a coroner't jury of the wilfill murder of MIichael Fitz henry, master of a national school near New Ross, in the county of Wexford. Tihe inquest lasted three ldays. From the evidence it anp poeared that IKelly's farm had been sold to Fitzhenry, and it was arranged, as part of tihe bargain, that the latter should support tle fthelr of thile former, who was going with thi rest of his fihmily to America; but hIe after wards clanged hIis mind, and wished tihe teacher to give him money to tllake thie old man with him to America. This was re fused, and bnad feeling was the consequence. It was proved that the deoeased and prisoner left Ross together on thile nigiht of the tomur der, that thle watch of tile deceased had been found in a garden alttached to the prisoner's house, and that a bar of iron, stained with blood, and identified as having belonged to the prisoner, was fbund near thie scene of the mulrdelr. The tide of emigration firom Ireland also continues to flow. There is hardly a rail way-station along the various lines at which lday after day we do not find numbers of emigrants hastening to the ports in order to get to the seaboard for shipment to America. It is calcalated that the present draw from Ireland is moreo than 5i000 persons per week. The match between the present champion of tihe Thames (It. Chambers) and the champion of Australia (I. Green) has pro gressed thus far with the best prospects of a continluance of the same. Green has been rather unwell, but not from anything worse than an ablscess on the back of his neck, and is in a fhir way towards complote recovery. The American champion, Iamrnill, is on his? merits respecting this match between R. Green and R. Chambers, and has expressed hris firm convicton that he can whip both of them. Should IHamill particularly wish for a match, there can be no doubt that he will be accommodated by the conqueror in the present exciting event. Green has given several sittings in his boat (the tubular one) Ifor a picture, fi'om which there will be a lithograph taken. Should he be victorious, thie copies will, on his leaving our shores, be of great value; and, on the other hand, should defeat be the fate of thie gallant aspirant, they will be a memento to recall to memory the man mwho travelled 16,000 miles to maklo a match to row for the championship on the established course. MIr. David Boswell Reid, who was well known by his labours in regerd to venti lation, died at Washington, United States, on tbho 5thl of April. Dr. Reid had been ap pointed by the American government medical inspector to the sanitary commission, and be was about to leave Washington, to be em ployed in ventilating the new military hospitdls which have been erected in different parts of tihe country. He was a native of Edinburgh, grandson of Hugo Arnot, the historian of Edinburgh, and was himself at one time an extensively employed and successful teacher of chemistry. His connection with the ventilation of the IHolses of Parliament is but too well known. He ventilated St. George's hall, Liverpool-the only bnibbl'n in the world, he said, in which his nuincipleos of ventilation have been complete.y carried out. A Canadian paper states that on the even ing of the first Sunday in April the inhabit ants, of Oil Spring village found that a quan tity of tar oil, which had floated down the stream of Black Creek, being obstructed by some felled trees and collected in a mass, had caeght, or was set on fire, the result being that a grand illumination took place; at first theo flames were small in propolrtion, but as the evening progressed they spread, trees near by caught, and a startling fire was the result. The creek nappered as a boiling caldron, darting sheets of red flame high into the air to an altitude of nearly fifty feet. An inqtiest has been held at Wakefield on tihe body of William Smith, a convict, aged thirty-three. Prisoner was sentenced in October last to three years' penal servitude for stealing hoots, and was received in Wake field prison in November from the Chester city gtol. Being of a lazy disposition, he soon began to affect illness, with the view of osceaping work, and one morning lhe was found dead in his cell, having just hanged hinmself behind the door. The facts disclosed led the ju'ry to return the following sagacious verdict:-" HaInged himself, probably with the intention of being found by the warders and obtaining relief from work and disci plino." News has been received of another melan choly shipwreck. The vessel Mooresfoot, Captain Coalthutrst, with a crow of bforty-tvwo men and iour ptassengers, was on her home wvard voyage ft'om Calcutta, and called in at St. Louis, lMauritius. On Februars let a stormt arose and drove the vessel ont a roof, ard in a sIhtot titte tato was a total wreck. Thirty-otet of tho crew, including the captain iand list and ,ecolnd olliccrs, werso theowned in .A v'ry t l''iloull crime hl:i mit!tn c'Onlllnlittued in Athwnu ilhini'. till'. ttdbitt't , a tlademntul A le l ttimir ir ' lum atit n ints hutitit lhir t, ai s it)' (In I i?.l ti't h itt ri . Iut .sI' it i: i e iet lie iy Ill ll lll elllll ni'. tllll -! I ut i ll v I, ii l t l ij tl 11hi 'eD it , tc'r, e?e it ,?' ite hul ,t t hiti a blioI 1ed;' 1f Il kitlelywflnk," it 1 ilveku, ,'I $ (l~ l 'o, lroud, l ?!,ltllnllll tu It lrll I~lbr,'bll l, The same nuthority states that General MIorgan is a Torquay man. A very painful affair has been investigated at an inquest held at Woolwich. A girl named Paxton, who had lived as domestic servant in the house of a Mr. Roberts, bakler, is in custody charged with attempting to poison Mrs. Roberts. Thie girl stated that Ohe had been seduced by her master, and that he instigated her to poison her mistress. The police informed MIr. ?toborts of this story, end told him that his presence would be re quired at hlle police-court. Shortly afterwards he hanged himself. In his pocket was found ar letter denying the charges made against him, declaring that he could not bear the slur though innocent, and urging his wife to have Paxton punished. The jllury were in consul tation for some time without agreeing to a verdict. At the adjourned inquest Mir. Rtoberts, feether of the deceased, ane1 nine othler witnesses, gave evidence to prove that since the death ot his children the deceased Ihad appeared very strange in his manner and was much depressed in spirits. After some remarkls fom the coroner, the jury returned a verdict of " Temporary insanity." Subseo quently the girl Paxton was charged with thie attempted murder, and committed for trial. Theo prospectus of the Mediterranean Hotel Company (limited), for Nice, Mentone, &e.;, is issued. The project is brought forward under thle same auspices as those connected with thle Cannes Hotel Company, and the board is exclusively composed of directors of that undertaking. The object is to supply the notorious wantof hotel accommodation at Nice and other wintering places on the shores of the Mediterranean. Arrangements are being made for securing suitable sites at Nice and Mentone, and offers from Hybres are under consideration. The objects of the company being of a comprehensive chabracter, the capital proposed is as much as £?300,000, but the first issue is to be restricted to £100,000, in 5000 shares of £20 each. Anot;her new undertaking is announced under the title of the Randolph Hotel Com pany (limited). The locality proposed is Oxtbford, and it is intended to erect a new building replete with modern improvements. It is at present intended to issue shares to the extent of only £20,000, but the company's total capital is to be £30,000. Perhaps the most striking success that has been achieved this Easter is that of a spec tral drama at the 3Britannia Theatre. In this piece Professor Pepper's recent discovery in optics is brought into nse upon the stage with truly terrific effect. Ghost dramas have always been in favour with one class of theatre-goers, and it is no wonder that they crowd to tile Britannia on the .promise of being shown a real spectre. Perfect faith is kept, and the result is, that the bre.thless audience finds Professor Pepper's ghost al most too real-they see the villain of the piece pass his sword through and through the body of the spectre, and feel their hIair rise as they observe the shadow's lips move, and hear its ghastly laugh; and honest terror robs their applause of not a little of its hearty ring. They know that they ore looking upon an optical illusion; but it is so fearfully like reality that for a while reason is over-mas tered. They have, in the Widow and Or pIhans, or Faith, Hope, and Charity, a sensa tion drama before which all other pIieces of its clas· must pale their ineffectual fires. It is reported that Mr. Fechter has bought the patent right to use Professor Pepper's inven tion; and, if that report is true, we may ex pect to see spectral drama made fashionable next winter. Perhaps the first great results attained will be the production of entirely new ghosts of Banquo and of HIamlet the Dane, as unsubstantial as the spectres that stalked or rose in the mind's eye of the mar vellous dramatist. Tile honour of having in vented the ghost effect at the Britannia is claimed by Mr. Dircl, who sayo, with an nmbiguity we have vainly endeavoured to penetrate, " it is my invention, us adapted by Profess.r Pepper for stage effect." MIr. Dirok's remarks on his own invention are curi ous enough. " lIy invention," he says, "ox an arran ement for producing certain optical il.usions is calculated to supersede the magic lantern and all phantasmagorinl and other aplparatus hitherto employed; for whereas they only produce a motionless visionary figauro, I associate on the same stage a phan tom with a living actor, both different in costume, &o.;, and both acting in concert. Thus the scene may show them as sitting at the same table, on the same couch, opening the same cabinet, handling the same docu ments, and, what is more, so seated in the same chair as to appear but one figure, yet seen one to arise out of the other, to go through different performances." Three iron-plated ships have been fitted up for sea since the Warrior-namely, the hlack Prince, 6088S tons, at a total cost of £373,809; the Resistance, 300668 tons, at a cost of £257~,848; and the Defence, 3608 tone, at a cost of £252,898. Iu a recent law case the plaintiff, a Nor wich tailor, sought to recover fiom the de fendant, Mr. W. F. Windham, of Fellbrigg hall, tile sum of £826 11s. upon a promis sory note, give:, as the tailor alleged, for an agreed account, of which the cum of £500, claimed as commission for obtaining a loan of £100,000 tor the defendant, formed an item. T'he defendant denied his liability for the £500, but paid the remaining £326 11s. into court. Tlhe plaintiff accepted the £3206 ls. paid into court in settlement of theo action, thus abandoning his claim for commission, although the £500 was included in the amount for which the promissory note was obtained. The steamship Anglo- saxon, from Liver pool and Londondtlerry, for Quebec, while in a dense fobg, some three miles distant firom Capl Race, on the 27th of April, went on Ashore, and in a short time became a total wreck. O f hndrd fou hdmda fort'y-livo passenlgers and creIw w io Wvel're on board otie Ih Und reil anIf eighlty reached lanl, or '.ere picked up in omill bo:tts; the fltU of the othler; i ?ro t yet hls ','Sinl. t e 1 i(cll l'l r ,411 dis1jatclhedl to the Ic f ot' thn d itii t'ii witlh the hopi of moi'.u in $'l y ofth. ii thniv n vso ay hlve lilt to '? let r , ,,to I beL oni n i t o i t sav nwl rl:. A mlonf th,)- uivewd aret lbo llun, ,ohn? Yomnt ,,f .lw ired,,l hi:? wih*,? tlrJd env,,n ehihhit?o. A In.' fuy IrJd tmh thliry.f-flv4 lik o km lo,, An stonlve~l~ fIr blolln out on i '~llnai't Mauy 10; onr the puralmcl of Mursn, Buckley; saw-mill proprietors, New Kent-road, by which property to the amount of £10,000 was destroyed. A brutal murder has been committed in Liverpool. A sailor, named Thomas, was staying at a boarding-houso in that town. He had shipped on board an emigrant vessel, and received an advance note, which the landlady of the house cashed. Suspectineg thalt he intended to desert, she endieavoured to keep him in the house until tile time the ship was ready to sail. lIe grew very much excited, and having decoyed her into the collar, beat out her brains with a potato masher. Leaving her dead on tiec floor, he went upstairs acd attacked the ser vant girl, who would also have been killed but for hIelp coming in. He was taken into custody immediately. TeE TWO TIIOUSAND POUNDS MIATCIIe IJEENAN AND ToMn Kwoeu.-The ceremony of stakling another deposit of £50 a side for this match was performed on Thursday even ing, May 21, at Joe -oowe's great rat men agerie, Tlhe Grapes, French-alley, Union street, Bishopgate. The muster was not so great as at the lprevious deposits, which is ac counted for by the fact that many profession ale were detained elsewhere, by arrangements connected with the Epsom meeting. Still Joe bad a house-full, and has no reason to complain that his name hlad been forgotten among his ancient Ipals. Tom King was in attendance, but Heenan's professiooal ongage ments required his presence in another quar ter. The next deplosit of £50 a side is to be made at 3Bob Travers', Sun and Thirteen Cantons, on Thursday June 4.-Bell's Life in London. A PnoFHEcY IN JEsT.-T?he following ex tract from a burlesque article in the New MIonthly Magazine for 1821 (vol. ii.), entitled "Specimen of a Prospective Newspaper, A. D. 4796," is curious:-"The army of the Northern States (of America) will take the field against that of the Southern provinces early next spring. lThe principal northern force will co:sist of 1,490,000 picked troops. General Congreve's new mechanical cannon was tried last weekl at the siege of Georgia. It discharged in one hour 1420 balls each weighing tive hundredweight. The distance of the objects fired at was eleven miles, and so perfect was the engine that the whole of these balls were lodged in the space of twenty feet square." A subsequent article in this specimen states that, " by means of a newv invention, Dr. Clarkc crossed the Atlantic in seven days." How little did the writer anticipate, that, in forty years, these to hlim wild fancies, would be almost realised. It is wvorth notice that a war between North and South was anticipated.-Notes and Queries. B3londin has met with immense success in Spain. After several performances at Bar celona, he appeared at Valencia, before the Prince and Princess of Bavaria and thousands of spectators, wherr he had the honour of re ceiving a handsome souvenir from the prince. SAD ArFAIa.m-The Levant Herald, of the 6th of May, contains the report of a disastrous fire which occurred at the house of Dr. Galati, a Greek physician at Pera, on the 3rd. The fire was first perceived by Dr. Galati him self, and he instantly gave the alarm, which enabled his mother-in-law and two brothers in-law to escape. The native servants escaped by the roof without assisting the others, but before Dr. Galati himself, his wife, an Eng lish nursery-governess, and two sisters-in-law, who all slept on the third floor, could do so, the flames had reached the lobby and pre vented egress to the roof. In this emergency the nursery-governess caught up the child that slept with her, and wrapping a counter pane round it and herself, she jumped out of the window into the crowd which had by this time gathered in the paved court below. An Ionian attempted to catch her, but his arm was broken by the shock, and the poor girl and her burden fell with nearly the full momentum of their weight upon the flags. Her arm and skull were both fractured, and the child was hilled on the spot. In the meantime, Dr. Galati endea voured to induce his wife to escape with a second child-an infant three months old-by being lowered out of the window by means of a rope of bed sheets. She, however, appears to have induced him to precede her by this means of escape, but he had hardly got clear of the window-sill, when, either she proving unable to bear the weight, or he to hold on Ils hands, face, and feet having been greatly burned-he fell head foremost to the ground. The child was killed instantly, and the skull and arms of Dr. Galati himself terribly fractured. Seeing this fuom the window and driven by the flames, which were now visible behlind her oven to the crowd below, Mrs. Galati threw herself into the court, and falling without breakl of any kind on the stones, was, lilke her children, killed on the spot. The charred remains of the two sisters-in-law were afterwards found in the ruins. 