ROYAL HAYMARKET. MR. DILLON'3 HAMLET. To present such an embodiment of this complex character ns will satisfy a general audienco, is an effort which, however, frequently it has been attempted, bus seldom resulted in perfect success. Having been present at tlio two representations which bavo been given at tlic Hnymarkct, of tlio noblo tragedy, wo can conscientiously includo Jlr. Charles Dillon in the list of tlioso actors who have enabled us to rcaliso our own conception of tlio poet's meaning by photographing, so to speak, the impression upon our minds, and, holding it up to our physical vision. To continuo the figure, tlio portrait is not without defects; in somo of tho details tlicro are oven perversions ol tho original. But tho likeness is nevertheless striking, and bears cvidcnco in favour of Iho particular process by which it lias been produced. Mr. Dillon's picture of Ham let is that of a highmindod princely nnture, tho brightness of which is dimmed by certain blots which lack of firmness and nn impulsivo dispo sition havo caused. Tho terrific revelation which cotnes to him from tho tomb aggravates that mental instability, and occasionally, ns in bis interview witli Ophelia in tlio second act, and again in bis encounter with Laertes in tlio gravo, wo find liim in a state of cerebral excite ment closely bordering upon reel frenzy. This wo believe to be the correct view of tho idiosyncrncics of tho character, as it accounts for tho muny scorning inconsistencies and even paradoxes which invest the part of tbo Danish Prince. In many particulars Mr. Dillon's reading is not to our liking. Ho places too much etress upon the inero colloquial issues, and occasionally offends our notions of correct emphasis. Tho first objection is frequently borno out in tho dialogues with Horatio and Marcellua immediately prior and subsequent to tho first meeting with the Gho9t. Tho second is justifiod by the strained meaning which is given to certain passages in somo of tho soliloquies, particularly tho moro reflective. But where Mr. Dillon allows nature fnir play, as in tho Boliloquy commencing " Oh ! what a roguo and peasant slave am I," ho invariably succeeds. His best efforts were tho meeting with Upliclia, tho wliolo ot tlio play scene, in cluding tlio udvieo to tlio pluycrs, which was admirably delivered, and tho interview with tho Queen. Tho noblo naturo of Hamlet was most impressively disclosed in tho latter, and the concluding coupiot, dolivcrod after his mothor lias loft him, " I must bo cruel," ob spoken with the most touching pathos. Mrs. Dillon's Opliolia was unartificial, and generally pleasing, nnd licr mad scene was vory cleverly acted. Tho BnatclioB of song were also very niooly given. Mr. Lambert's Polonius merits moro Bpaco than wo con devote to its consideration. It was garrulous but not undignified, and tlie vein of sly humour which tho old time- server possesses, often mndo itself apparent. Tlio address to Laertes has seldom been moro effectively delivered in our bearing. Tho part of tbo Ghost was ably sustained by Mr. R. Youngo who gave tho magnificent speeches with considerable elocutionary power. A word of praiso is duo to Mr. Fitzgerald for liis manly bearing and imnffected impersonation of tlio fiery Laertes, and Mrs. W. Hill mado a satisfactory representative of tlio Queen. Mr. Dillon was on several occasions loudly ap plauded, and obtained a thoroughly woll do- served ovation on tho fall of tho curtain. Tho entertainment to-night is for his benefit, wlion bo will appear with Mr. Jefferson in Bulwcr Lytton's comedy of "Money", and also as Rnv Gomez in "Faint Heart never won Fair Lady." 