CO UNTJl Y MA niCETS. Geeloxo.— The imports of the past week iucludo the cargoes of tho brig Victor from Newcastle, the schooner Victory with timber from Fort Frederick, a portion of the goods received from London direct per "Ware of Life, and sundryshipraents lVom vessel? discharging in liobfion'd ILy, the estimated value ot the whole being L9640. lilt only eutries passed for export .represents a. consignment of salt provisions to Tasmania and dutiable gcods forwarded coast wise; the declared value of which i L295.. The revenue collected by tho Customs during tho week amounted to L21CS ;6s 2d, ami i hs sum of L2 13 9d was paid for pilotage under steam of the brig Med : way. . Tlio delayed arrival of the mail has consider ably affected business during the past week, iu the ubsuncc of advloa now overdue, buyers not caring to operato beyond tho requirement? of the day; but prices remain with scarcely ahy alteration. -Ailver- tisu\ L.Uli Juno. . bendigo.—Thc price of gold remains at L3 179 3d , for alluvial, and L3 l&s; 3d per ouueo for standard twenty-two carat fincnc?.?. ftfersr Benson and Co. report :— During the past week there has been a fair average demand for provisions and general stores ; aud sales of winter clothiug, blankets, boots, nnd shoes, have been effected to some extent, ai satis factory prices. Too general unction business hag been somewhat unsettled, and, np.irt from mer chandise, there hus been comparatively little doing. "Wc disposed ot 22 feet frontage to 41'Crae street, for L6S; and several small properties In insolvent estates. The regular weekly ale at our roomB, on Saturday, was well attended, und u quantity of "goneral merchandise was placed at remunerative prices.— Independent, 15th Juue. Ballaaiiat.— In tiie import trade great quiet ness prevails, as most of the dealers are heavily stocked at present, and oil tninrnctloos of a purely speculative character are suspended, pending the arrival of the European mail, r.ow several days overdue. The delay beglua to cause some anxiety, and the various surmises that are usually indulged in upon similar occasions And free discussion. : The local wholesale business of the past weekjhas not been marked by any great amount of briskness, with the exception of the timber trade, in which a decided improvement hus bceu apparent, owing to the upward tendency of cartogo rates and the con sequent iucrcaso In tho price of hardwood. Cash collections hnve- come in fairly, but only with Increased exertions in that branch, money generally being ; reported as very tight. The share market .showB a llko.'fltato of things, but- lew-cash trans, actions-having taken nlucc. Produce ileport : Too market hai been weir supplied with oat the week throughout, and havo slightly declined -in ''price. Hay. came, in sparingly untiltowards the close of tho week, but on Saturday, tho market wan glutted and a reduction of Ks. per ton Imd to bo submitted to. Tho other changes arc spccllbd in tho market inspector's report, ,whioh>,is - appended;— Star, 15th "JUWS . 1 ' denir.tquix Stock HepohtI— Sihcc!our lost little business has occurred, and no stock, cither cattle or sheep, have passed the river to market; 125 of the former left Mofra station— between here and Monma —on "Wednesday for Melbourne. There is stUfa ;po6d demand for healthy 'i-tore cattle and sheep.. .Flood's ,soo store cattle nre -in; the neighbourhood, and Lcdvridge's coo do, nt the Fine Ilidgc, unsold. MriArmstrong's a'ation has been purchased by' Mr Morgan, with cooo sheep, the cattle to be cleared off by the 1st August, price Loooo. 240 store cattle of Alr -H. GiasB's passed through hero en route to Nouni sUtl m, neur the Blllubong. Tiie Kdw4U,dis rising, and the MoinrLnkc filling fast ; and water is Iti nauy. places too abundant ;o be pleasant ; while, although the week has been line aud wKlioutratn, thn clouds are -now again very threatening' Our- Echuci 0 irrespondeut reports the ralo of 500 head of store cattle fr 3m the Hume (Victoria side), be'onring to Mr Wheeler, to-Mr Xower, oftheTerricks, for Ll per head. And in summarising the passage of stock to haricot there during flic pint fortnight, states that .11,700 sheep and 69-thpad of cattle have passed — Pastoral USme, I3th June.. wneck of thb 'j anu at belddwateb.— On- Saturday night 'last, about ten o'clock » iduring tho: thick and - heavy weather then pre vailing,, the barque Jane,- 203 i tons, iLnkio, master, from AdelatcU to New Zclandj with a cargo of flour, bran, and barb, struck upon the reels at tho southwc-3t of Gape Bridgowafcciv There were nine on bonrd. including the officers and crew, with tho captain. On Monday moWUj ing the disastrous occurrence became known,' thovessol having been sccn-upontthe rocks and: the sailors crowdod together upon tho T033el, fTntel!igenco reached Portland about eleven o'clock, and tho harbour master, Captain Fuw- throp, having .promptly 'despatched' the' lifa- .boat and thirteen hands, followed by Thomas Koan and party iu. another boat, made the 'journey overland, ', with ; rockot3 and - such appliances as might bo required. Great num- bers'als'o left on horsebdbk, and not a fow m'ade the. journey :on foot, though tho.diotanco is not less than. thirteen miles The harbour master arrived at tho econe. of the .wreak about two. "o'clock, and commenced operations for the purpose of effeoting a rescue.' It was not, ho wover, until : somo r hour ' had been 'spoht iu .theso, endeavours. that a c/isk, to which a rope had been attached reached . the shore; and & hawser reauuing from tbo vessel was. made :fast on the'ahore. By this :mcau8tha rescuq of! a portion of the crew was sooii efTect'cd/ arid bofora tho darkness Of evening had1 fully set in, all had -got ashore escopfc the captain, who continued on tho wreck till Monday morning; when lie got ashore about daybrqak, but much injured. 0omo of the crew reflect upon the captain, ond attribute tiie. catastrophe to his imbcciie conduct; but it is premature to pass judgement in a matter so - grave. 'Dr Brewer was in attendance during the rescue of the sailors, and administered the. usual resto ratives, which wo' aro glad to state "prorod suc cessful, We, however, rcgrot to report that a young man named Waldy C. Hodditchj'son of Mr Charlton Hedditoh, .met, his. death while engaged .in tho laudable endeavour to assist the sufferers to reach shoro. Deceased was a fluo active young fellow of twenty-three, of kindly disposition, and groatly rcspoctod. Tho' parents are almost distracted bv their lose Tho body has not yet been found. The accident occurred about eleven o'clock on the Sunday morning, in connection with'- an attempt to reach a lifo buoy from the shore,' How muoh longer will tho Government neglect to have a lighthouse built, at Cape Bridgawater, until the ghosts of all who have perished from want of one riso up before them in a body and demand one ? If !so. mav such deinaud bo made soon; — Chronicle , 9th June." A Cutb Thick. — A fashionable-looking lady, not long Qgo, drove up in a handsome privatocarriago to a woll-knowu lunatic asylum, situated a fow miles from Paris, and requested to see tho proprietor. Her wish being acceded .to, she informed, the doctor that, she desired to 'place her husband uudcr his care, ,to I sco if a cruel mania undor wliioh ho laboured, namely; that I10 had . lost a largo quantity of jewels, could not bo vemovod. After some hesitation tho doctor consented, and the lady, on receiving his as/ suriinoe, drovo direotly to ihe first jeweller's in .Paris, nnd selected jewels to the value of several hundred pounds. 'Requesting oho of tho shopmen to go with her in hor carriage 'to proouro tho money for tho goods she had taken, she drove him to the insane osylum, and arriving there he was shown into a room. The lady then sought thb doctor, told him of tho arrivnl of her husband, audi getting iuto lior carriago again, drove rapidly away. Tho poor fellow, after wailing and waiting, grew impatient, and violently rung tho bell. Tho doctor mado his appearance, und tho young man, commencing eagerly to inquire after the lady and his jewels, was forced into a strait" jackot, the malady complained of, as tho doctor imagined, making its appearance. Ho was con fined several days before the lady's ru30 was discovered, — JSurQvean Zfyjw, 