ECCLESIASTICAL. THE DIBDOP OF TASMANIA, The Bight Bev, Dr. Francis Bussell Nixon has resigned the Bishopric at TUB omnia (Van Diemen's Land), to which he was consecrated in 1842\. Ilia Lordship was educated at St. John's College, Oxford, and graduated in 1827, when be took a third-class in classics. Afterwards he became successively Fellow of Trinity College, Her Britannic Majesty's cliaplain at Naples, perpetual curate of Saudgata, aud rector of Ash Kent. On the establishment of the bishopric of Tasmania in 1842, he was Approved as the first bishop by the present Earl of Derby, who was then Colonial Secretary in Sir fiobert Peel's Government. The right rev. prelate returned to England a few months since to obtain medical advice, but it is now ascertained that lie is suffering from an incurable disease, and this circumstance has led him to the conclusion tliat he ought not to return to his distant diocess. His resignation lias consequently been placed in the hands of the Duke of Newcastle, the Colonial Secretary, and the ecclesiastical authorities. The Kehop of Tasmania has episcopal jurisdiction over Van Diemen's Land and Norfolk Island. The diocess is 24,002 miles in extent, with a population of about 70,000. The bishopric is worth £1,250 a year, of wliich £1,000 a year is derived from colonial funds, and £250 a year from the Colonial Bishopric Fund. CONSECRATION OF BISIIOPS. C Times, 26ih March.") Yesterday being the Feast of the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary was appropriately fixed for tlie consecration of two bishops of the English Church, one to be engaged in episcopal work at home, the other in an hitherto unworked partrof one otour most distant colonies. It is seldom that Canterbury Cathedral although the Cathedral Church of the Metropolitical see—witnesses an episcopal consecration. There have been some consecrations during tlie last 20 years, but the rule lias been to set apart bishops for tlieir high office in the private cliapel of Lambeth Palace, or Lambeth Church, once in Marylebone Church, and occasionally in Westminster Abbey. Morning prayer having been said at 8 o'clock, there was an interval before the consecration service commenced. The pealing forth of tbe organ at length announced tliat the proccssinn was entering the churoli, Soon afterwards it passed into the choir. It consisted of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishops o£ Worcester, Sydney, and Melbourne, the Dean o£ Cauterbury (Dr. Alford), and several of the canons, preachers) and other officials of tlie cathedral. The archbishops and bishops took their places within the altar rails, and the bishops-designate (Dr. Ellicott and Dr. Mesac ThoniasV who were habited in their black fiow„.?tookpE ! outside. The seats in the presbytery were • filled by the clergy and the friends of the bishops ! about to be consecrated. j Tiie consecration service having proceeded as ' far as the Nicene Creed, i Tlie Very Bcv. Henry Alford, D.D., the ' Dean of Canterbury, ascended the pulpit, and selected for his text the loth chapter of St. iv!!?, 8 ' 7 er . 8 f 2 r " T, he ,F 0 °? She I ,her<3 f e t i n g office, and especially for that of a bishop there must be an entire devotion of heart and life aud an abnegation of self for the sake of the flock, Our Lord said the words of the text primarily of His own great sacrifice; but He was also f describing the character of the good shepherds who must give their lives for the slieep, though not in tlie same sense that He did, yet in tiie same spirit of self-sacrifice. The Dean of . the England's S K anity, and to the consecration in 1848 of the Bishops of Victoria and Rupert's Land there; and the farewell service for Bishop Mackenzie iu 18C0. He also spoke of the pursuits of Biblical literature which had so long united Bishop Ellicott and himself as no small advantage for the episcopal office, and the importance of the guarantee hereby given of liaving in these times a supply of clergy well ac- ; quninted With the Holy Scriptures. < 1C scrmon wh i h w s a vc ry ni-,i„ ,l lf , t i°!f i ' , ? , ? , J , able una tUouGfhttul one—one winch hold the vast congregation in wrapt atrention from s commencement to its close-the bishops to he consecrated, vested in tlioir rochets, were presentcd to the archbishop, who demanded tbe Queen's mandate for their consecration, This was produced and read aloud by Mr. Dyke, Her Majesty's Proctor, and the Principal ltegistrar of the Province. The bishops-designate having answered the usual questions, in which they promise to deny all ungodliness, and worldly lusts, to maintain and set forward quietness, peace, aud love among all men, to be faithful in ordaiuin? and laying hands upon others, to be merciful for Christ's sake to poor and needy people and to all strangers destitute of help, and with all faithful diligence to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrine contrary to God's word, retired, and shortly afterwards returned vested in the full episcopal habit. They then knelt down while the be/iutifulliymn, Veni Creator Sjtiritim, was 8iingover tlu>m. Then the archbishop and bishops placed P.d their tlieir kneeling han^s upon before the tl.em, beads the of archbishop fhe elected saving- " Rcceive the llolv Ghost for the office and work of a bishop in the church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our bands, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost. Amen. And remember that thou stir up the grace of Go:l which is given thee by this imposition of our bands, for G hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and love and soberness." The newly-ordnined bishops were admitted within the rails of the communion- table with the archbishop and other right reverend prelates. Dr. Ellicott is tbe 31st Bishop of Gloucester. He lias episcopal jurisdiction over Gloucestershire, parts or Somersetshire, and Wiltshire. The diocese has a population of 508.574, 1,000,503 acres, 13 deaneries,443 benefices, 189 curates, and 197,508 church sittings. Dr. Mesac Thomas, the new Bishop of Gonlburn,waseducatcdatTrinit.v College, Cambridge, where be graduated in 1840, and was ordained in the same year by the Bishop of Worcester, to the curacv of Bishop Bydcr's Church, Birmingham. In 1841) he was instituted by the Bishop of Norwich to the vicarage of Tuddenliam St. Martin, near Ipswich. In 1845 he resigned that benefice for tlie incumbency of Attlcborough, near Nuneaton, Warwickshire For some years past he has been secretary of tbe Colonial and Continental Church Society. The position of the newdioceseof Goulburn is between those of Sydney and Melbourne. its length by line is 700 miles, nnd by road about 1,000 miles. The average breadth is about 200 miles. Tin' endowment is almost entirely provided in the colony. At a public meeting of clergv nnd laity in Gouiburn resolutions were adopted in 1861, and forwarded to the Home Government through the Colonial Government of New South Wales, requesting that Archbishop Sum* ner might he allowed to select the first bishop. This was granted, and a month before bis death his Grace nrged Dr. Thomas to accept the post, which, after some hesitation, he did. Being now consecrated, he will proceed to his distant diocess in the course of a few weeks. 