ADELAIDE. Friday, 7 p.m. Holders refuse 5s. 6d. per bushel for wheat. Flour is quoted at from £13 10s. to £14. Pressed hay, £4 to £410. " . - In sugar?, crystals have declined, but ration is in demand at an advance. Accounts from the mining districts are very satisfactory. Annrvin.-Silentium, and St. Magnus, from Melbourne ; Alice Cameron, from Sydney. Saturday, G p.m. Small parcels of wheat were sold to-day at 5s. 8d. Flour at £13 to £14. Bran very scarce ; sales are reported at Is, 6d. per bushel. The appointment of Captain Biggs as commander of the Volunteer force, instead of Lieutenant Colonel Finniss, creates much discussion. is Sabbath Morning Breakfast, TbmpbÉ^nci; Hall. -Sixty-eight poor persons assembled by imitation at seven o'clock, and partook of a plain breakfast provided for them, after which they were addressed by Captain M'Gown of the Cossipore ; the whole of his crew were also present except the watchman left on board. These breakfasts, given's eekly, are supported by voluntary contributions, and much good has already been accomplished. The Opera.- The extreme inclemency of the weather during the first week of the performance of the Huguenots undoubtedly prevented the attendance of large numbers to witness it, and although the audiences during that period were by no means small, they were not so large as the some of the work would, under more favourable circumstances, have attracted. This fact the return of genial weather has sufficiently proved, as on Saturday se'nnight, and through the whole of last week, the opera has been fully patronised indeed, to an extent hitherto unequalled here, and on Saturday evening last the house presented a truly brilliant appearance. The Huguenots has now passed through twelve representations, and it is evident from the approval nightly given, that the public are getting familiar with the peculiarities and excellences of the composition. The sudden changes, and the great difference of construction which the music for each part exhibits, require a longer acquaintance than usual before the whole can be appreciated. This arduous performance every evening one would imagine must affect the voices of the principal artistes, but as yet no sign of r f figure appears on the contrary, they seem to im- prove by me, as the performance of Saturday evening last fully testified. Mr. IiEipy's Benefit This evening Mr. A. Reiff, whose talents as' musical conductor of the Lyster Opera Company, and gentlemanlike deportment, nave r commanded the respect and esteem of the lovers of the lyric drama in this city, takes a farewell benefit, prior to his departure for Europe. The programme is an exceedingly attractive one, including Verdi's popular opera, " II Trovatore," a s to on the pianoforte, by the beneficiare, and the second act of Mozart's grand opera of "Don Giovanni." "We have no doubt but that a full house will testify to the appreciation in which this gentleman's abilities are held by the musical public. The Victoria Theatre Mr. Sothem's excellent version of Our American Cousin (with new scenery by Messrs. Burbury and Habbe), having been already played at the Victoria Theatre with great éclat, will be performed again to-night, the other principal piece now for the first time brought out, being the highly picturesque drama of Debcart the Buccaneer. The eccentricities end blunders of the celebrated Lord Dundreary, and the incidents in which he effects a conspicuous part, arevery happily personated at the Victoria under the present effective management of Mr. Joe Simmons. It is announced by the lessee, Mr. Ralph Tolano, that the Peep of Day will shortly he produced with great stage effects-the scenic artists of the theatre, Messrs. Burbury and Habbe, and the other employees, having been actively engaged in the preparation of his striking drama for some weeks past Mr. Joe Simmons, the new manager and old favourite, is specially engaged to appear in this production Mr. John Bryan, the well-known theatrical agent, is dramatising Miss Braddon's singular novel Aurora Floyd, and the piece is to be put on the stage in the course of a few days; Other novelties are promised, and amongst them a piece entitled The Ghosts drama, in which certain optical delusions (the result of a new scientific discovery are made to exhibit very extraordinary and startling effects. Alabm op Fire At about half-past ten o'clock yesterday morning, the chimney of a house, occupied by a Mrs. Mountain, and situate in a lane offEwkine street, became on fire. Some men from the Insurance Brigade went to the place, and the flame was extinguished by water being thrown on to it from buckets. Volunteer Funeral. Yesterday, the remains of the late Mr. J. Witham, gunner of No. 4 Company of the Sydney Naval Brigade, were conveyed to their last resting place with naval honours. The deceased was thirty-three years of age, and, had been in the employ of Mr Cuthbert for nine years. He was universally respected by all who knew him. The funeral cortege consisted of the band of the Volunteer Pviflep, a firing party of the Naval Brigade, under the command of Lieutenant Moodie, two companies of the brigade with side arms only, and about fifty members of the Volunteer Artillery and Rifles. The Naval Brigade was in charge of Captain Hickson. There were also a large number of private carriages. The procession moved from the late residence of the deceased, in Kent-street North, to Church, hill, and thence into George-street, along which it passed to the Presbyterian burial ground, opposite the railway station. The service was read by the Rev. Dr. Lang. There was a vast concourse of people along the whole route, and at the place of interment it was estimated " that there must have been between three and four ' thousand. Artillery Ball Practice On Saturday afternoon last, some ball practice with artillery field-pieces, nine-pounder, took place at Dawe's Battery, under the superintendence of Captain Level, R.A.F The majority of the men who took part in the practice belonged to the Royal Artillery, but, by the invitation of Captain Love, a number of Volunteers were present, and had one gun assigned to them. The range was at 900 yards, the target being moored down the harbour. The practice was excellent. The target was hit several times both by regulars and volunteers, and the last shot carried away the flagstaff attached to the target. New South Wales Art Union We directed attention some time since to a Distribution of Works of Art, which was then announced shortly to come off. An unforeseen delay occurred, but it is now finally arranged for the distribution to take place before the end of this month. The works of art, which have been collected by Messrs. Sandon and Edwards, are upwards of an hundred and twenty in number, and comprise many choice paintings, by the old and modern matters, also some recherché bronzes and articles of vertu. They are on view at No. 350, George-street, and are well worthy of an inspection. We believe that a few tickets remain for sale. Accident atTMünanolb Bennett-On Saturday, a gentleman named Macintosh, assistant master at the Rev. George McArthur's educational establishment fell from the railway bridge at Menangle, and was Foixpwhat seriously injured. Saturday being a holiday at the school, Mr Macintosh, accompanied by several pupils and some visitors, rode over from Macquarie 'Fields to Menangle, for the purpose of examining the railway bridge which spans the river at that place. Having dismounted, he went along the bridge for a short distance, and then got over the railing g and was proceeding across the structure, when his foot slipped and he fell to the ground a distance, it is said, of fully fifty feet. It was a fortunate circumstance that Mr. Macintosh fell on loose soil, or death would have been inevitable ; as it was, his thigh, was. broken, his back and right shoulder were severely bruised, and he was very much shaken. The unfortunate gentleman was placed in the train, which, having dropped at Macquarie Fields to allow of a stretcher and other appliances of comfort being obtained, came on to Sydney, arriving at a quarter to eight o'clock at night. Mr. Macintosh was then taken to the Infirmary, where his injuries were promptly attended to. Inquest at the: Gaol The inquest respecting the death of Edward Les, machinist, York-street, begun on the 20th instant, was resumed and concluded, be- fore the City Coroner, at Darlinghurst Gaol, on Saturday last, Deceased, being thought to be of unsound mind, was admitted into the hospital of the gaol for medical treatment on the 18th instant, and died there on the evening of the following day. Dr. Alloway, who was examined at the inquest, stated that he had attended the deceased on the 13th instant, and that he was then labouring under symptoms of ir flammation of the kidneys on the 15th he was very much better, but on the following morning he became slightly delirious ; he remained in a state of passive delirium all that day, and at night he could DOtiest; witness again saw deceased at about eleven o'clock on the 18th, when he had recovered from delirium, but was suffering under on attack of diarrhea a for which the doctor prescribed. Shortly after Dr. Alloway had left, deceased became so restless and violent that it was found necessary to put him under restraint. Dr. Alloway was sent for, but he not being at home at the time, Mrs. Lee was induced to yield to the solicitations of friends, at- whose instance she obtained a magisterial order for her husband's admit pion into Darlinghurst, whither he was taken in a cab. Dr. Alloway having been apprised of the circumstance, went to that establishment, and in conjunction with Drs. West and Alleyne saw the deceased, whom they did not expect would recover. post mortem examination was made on Friday, when it was ascertained that a porous effusion into the ventricles of deceased's brain, which was congested, was the immediate cause of death. Verdict: "Deceased, aged forty-nine years, died from natural causes. We condemn the practice of sending persons suffering from deranged intellect to gaol, without a medical certificate, as it appears that in this case the deceased, was not a dangerous lunatic." Stiibet AccioENT.-At about eleven o'clock on Friday morning, an accident occurred in Macleay street to one of lion and and Moore's omnibuses. The 'bus- No. 4 Invincible- was being drawn by two boisis'alongthe roadway leading from William-street to Rushcutter's Bay, when it happened to fall over; on to the embankment on the south side of the street. There were in the coach a gentleman and a boy, but fortunately neither they nor the driver were hurt. One of the horses was very severely cut about the flank. j Tun State of the Murray. Our Echuca correspondent says that the river has been rising rapidly but steadily for the past fortnight, during which time the perpendicular increase as marked upon the indicator has been fifteen feet. It is now spreading over the lagoons and Hate, presenting in many places small seas of water. At Moama the indications of a flood are already manifest. On the Victorian side the keeper of Hopwood's ferry has been obliged to remove to higher land, and it was only on Wednesday morning that Mr. Boyce had also to abandon his dwelling. Ea everything seemed "all right" when he went to bed, but when he got up he found that he was residing upon a very small island surrounded by a lake of water four feet deep Pastoral Times, August 16. Gblat Fiioon at Tamworth Writing on the 19th instant, the Maitland Mercury's correspondent says : On Sunday last the overhanging clouds prognosti- cated coming rain, and even during that day we were visited with occasional showers, as a preparatory to the avalanche that was to come. Scarce had the sun's misty form gone from our gaze when steadily there came the splattering rain. About midnight it was evident that we were to have a heavy fall and Monday morning broke wet, dull, and heavy in the extreme During the whole of Monday the rain came down thick and last, and towards evening the Peel River showed symptoms of rising. " General opinion was that we should have a higher flood than either of the two which occurred borne weeks past, and many of the inhabitants who reside near to the banks of the over betook themselves to some more secure retreat; and well it was for them, for by twelve o'clock on Monday night the waters had broken over the river's banks, and the flats expending along the river became glossy with one sheet of water. At i his juncture of affairs, many of those residing at the lower part of Peel-street began to feel anxious. During the whole of Monday night parties were constantly on the alert, more especially about the neighbourhood of the post-office ; and before t to o'clock on Tuesday morning the water had risen to Mr. Lawrence's bills d-room. From this hour to daylight the water rose rapidly, when it remained at a stand- still for some years. Nine o'clock had made no abatement in the river ; but, if anything, there was a further rise of some few inches. The scene, as viewed from the rising ground, was grand in the extreme one vast sheet of water, extending as far as the racecourse, while here and there would be a solitary green island. The other side of the river was entirely shut out from intercourse with Tamworth, the Goonoo Creek being very high, and running at a great rate ; indeed, the water traversing the space between the main bridge and the opposite count ship may be said to resemble one mighty torrent. Even along our main-street in Tamworth the water extended nearly as far as Mr. Regan's store, while confronting it was little better than a large pond of water. Tuesday evening the water began to recede gradually, and towards seven o'clock the water fell last. From this hour to midnight all danger was over, and Wednesday morning found our streets relieved from the flood of waters. The weather is now finer. Attempted Escape FROM MAinLAND Gaol About half-past one o'clock on Thursday last an attempt was made by Henry Wilson to escape from Maitland gaol. This man, it will be remembered, is waiting trial at the approaching session of the Circuit Court, for the mar der of Mr. Peter Clarke, on Warland's Range. Since his incarceration a careful watch has been kept over him, it being rightly suspected that he would attempt to escape. On Thursday he was allowed to walk about the gaol yard as usual. During the morning he had managed to sever the link chain of his irons by some filing process. He then tore his rug into narrow strips, and knotted the strips together. To one end of the line thus formed he fastened a small bag of stones, threw it over the wall-not as a purchase, but to catch in a bad joining. The bag caught as he desired, and so far he succeeded in his purpose. He then threw off his shoes, and commenced to clamber up the avail ; he raised himself up about six or seven feet from the ground, but he had not calculated on the strength of his movie. Having attained the height stated, the rope gave way and he came to the ground. He was detected in the attempt when throwing the rope over the wall, and the gaoler (Mr. Wallace), with two of the soldiers, well armed, were quickly prepared outside to receive him, so, even if he had succeeded in getting outside, he would soon have been inside again. Since this attempt he has been confined to the cells, and is not likely to have another chance of bolting. It has been stated that the behaviour of Wilson recently has been very violent Maitland Mercury. t Stealing Go- Dr. Sickler was charged before the Bathurst Bench, on the 17th instant, with having stolen some gold from a crushing-machine, belonging to Mr. D. Campbell, at Mitchell's Creek. It appeared from the evidence, which was lengthy, that some three weeks previous a small quantity of mercury was found near the amalgamator. Some amalgam was also grilled on the ground. This, led to Mr. Campbell being spoken to on the subject, and whilst engaged in conversation with his engine-driver, who had a scoop in his hand, the prisoner, Dr. Sickler, made his appearance. In company with a policeman, he went to the machine with the other parties. The policeman took a rule and measured the footmarks at the back of a shed near to the machine. The policeman said they corresponded with those of Dr. Sickler, who was then given into custody. The prosecutor end the doctor up to this time were on very intimate terms. The amount of gold stolen could not be ascertained. The engine-driver, who was watch ing the machine, deposed to seeing the doctor come on the night in question, and, with a scoop like the one produced, take something from the amalgamating basin and put it into a bag. The scoop produced was left in the basin. He was certain Dr. Sickler was the man he saw. He saw his features and heard his voice. The prisoner was remanded for seven days, for further evidence, bail being allowed Bathurst Times. 