THE AN TI-TK ANSP O I tTATI ON MOVE MENT AT GEELONG. (abridged from Tuesday's advertiser), A meeting, convened on requisition to bis Worship the Mayor, was held last night, at tho town hall, to protest against tho resumption of transportation to nny of the Australian colonies. About three hun dred persons were present. His Worship the Mayor presided, aud on the platform were Messrs Richard son, M'Cann and Foott, M.L.As, the Rev. Dean Hayes, and tho rlev. Josepn uiampeu, uie l^ev. George Goodman, of tho Episcopalian Church, and tho Rev. Mr Wells, of tho Wesleyan Church ; Chas. Sladen, Esq., John Guthrie, Esq., J. G. Carr, Esq., and other gentlemen. The Mayor, in opening tho meoting, said tho present must be regarded as an impromptu meeting, as very littlo time had elapsed since tho matter was broached in Geelong. It was well known that 111 past times convicts from other colonies found no difficulty in reaching Victoria, and they would have as little difficulty in doing so again. The country had suffered already in character seriously from tho supposed convict element that existed here. Gentlemen of fortune often went homo freo from tho taint of crime themselves, and yet found themselves excluded from tho upper circle of English society simply for the reason that thoy had made a suspiciously long sojourn in Australia. Many would remember that a few years ago a vigi lance committee was established in California for tho express purpose of excluding from that state im migrants from New South Wales upon tho supposi tion that most of the crime committed there was duo to the imported Australian element. Men suspected at that timo of hailing from Australia were tried by tlio vigilance committee, and ordered to quit within forty-eight hours. He trusted, then, that every ex ertion would bo used to prevent the colony being deluged with criminals, who might perchance at pome future day be the husbands and wives of their children. Mr J. G. Carr proposed tho first resolution — ' 'That this meeting having heard witli surprise and alarm that the penal servitude commissioners liavo recom mended tho resumption of transportation 011 an ex tensive scale to Western Australia, and, further, is unanimously of opinion that transportation either directly or indirectly to any part of Australia should cease, ns this colony would bo tho chief recipient of British crime, should the suggestion of the commis sioners be adopted by the home Government.' He said he had hoped that the ghost of tianspor tntion wns years sinco respectably laid, and that the necessity for agitation upon such a subject had ceased for ever. It appeared, however, that crimo in England last winter reached a pitch that alarmed the public mind there, and that burglary and garot t'mg had of late years become so dangerously im proved upon that it had been elevated to a science. In consequence n Royal Commission was appointed \- ? U... ? „f nnnnl „ ,1 „ 'PI,,. lO uxaumio ui« ljuctttiuu U1 ycuui aunnuviv. j.uu report furnished by theso gentlemen was in many respects clever, and the conclusion they arrived at was that garoltcrs would thrive much better in Aus tralia than nt homo. We wero not asked, however, whether we had nny greater desire to be garotted than the Londoners. Now it seemed to him on the same principle that every chimney should bo compelled to consume its own smoke, so every country should keep its criminals within its own boundary. (Applause.) Why should the people of these colonies bo degraded by the influx of a class of people who wore considered too rile to pollute English ground ? — (applause) — or why should the delusion bo kept that we were au inferior class to any other of her Majesty's subjects throughout tho world ? (Applause.) They owed a debt of grati tude to those colonists in London who had mado their voices heard against the perpetration of so foul a wrong. Thero was but one step from the sublime to tho ridiculous, from the altered opinions of the Times to tho present opinions of tho Geelong Advertiser. The Times had said in one 01 n,s articles 111111, mere wus us nine cuuucc 01 a Western Australian convict turning up in Sydney or Melbourne as in St. James's Park, but the fallacy of this was proved by the statements of Chief Justice Stawell, and by Captain Champ, the inspector of couvicts here, and whoso acquaintance with the criminal element of colonial society entitled their opinions to some weight. He (tho speaker) arrived here about thirty years ago, and when ho left tho old country it was the general inipession there that tho introduction of freo immigrants to the colony would improve the bond. Ho had boen here but n few years when ho found the reverse to be the case ; that, in fact, the presence of the bond wns de cidedly injurious to the freo colonist, for it helped to brutnlise men's natures. He remembered n case where a freo colonist having assigned servants, sent a note to tho police magistrate by ono of them, with his oompliments, and requesting that the man might havo fifty lashes. He dined onco with a gentleman, and wns horrified to bear his wife, tho daughter of a baronet, exclaim that 110 good would ne uone witli one ot nev servants until 110 got nity lashes. As far back as 1851 her Majesty's Miuisters promised there should bo no more transportation to the colonies, and upon tho faith of this promise many had doubtless emigrated hither who would have shrunk at the bare possibility of their families coming into contact with such pollution. I11 utter ing this protest against a reuowal of transportation to Australia, it would be impossible for the people of England to doubt the loyalty of the Australians, for it had been demonstrated 011 too many occasions, while their sympathy with her misfortunes had been amply demonstrated by tho help they had afforded to relievo tho distress of her starving operatives. They asked only in return to bo permitted to leuvo tho land they had adopted pure and uucoutaminnted to their children, (Applause.) Mr Richardson, M.L.A., seconded the resolution. Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., supported the resolution, re grotting that the pivot was on this occasion the last to protest against tho evil, whereas in past time she had been first in the field. As the representative of the native Dorn population, he protested against the resumption of transportation to Australia 011 stronger grounds, if possible, than the British settler. He felt a natural love for the land of his birth, and shrunk from the possibility of the timo arriving when men would bo ashamed to acknowledge they were Victorians. It might suit the views of squat ters and people of that class to encourage transpor tation hither as a means of obtaining cheap labor. He considered, if n resolute stand were made, the colonists would stand higher in the estimation of people at homo than they had ever douo. If, how ever, England persisted in forcing convicts upon them he had no hesitation in saying that something more than violent language would be used, and serious consequences might arise from it. The resolution was then put lo tho meeting and carried unanimously. The Rev. Dean Hayes said, although he sel dom appeared on the platform, he felt it a high honor aud a privilege to lake part in the present proceedings. The resolution ho should propose was ono that would ombody the sentiments of all pre sent. It was, ' That this meeting adopts a petition to her Most Gracious Majesty, protesting against tho proposed renewal of transportation, and his Worship tho Mayor be empowered to sign it on behalf of tliosa presont.' He found in this move ment tho representatives of civic dignity, members of tho Legislature, men of tho mercantile and landed interest, in fact men representing all classes of the community, banded together lo oppose a wrong. In such union there must necessarily ho strongtli. It was to the shnmo of the people of Western Austra lia who so little considered tho future of thoir chil dren, that they asked for a convict population. Would Now South Wales be so disturbed at this moment but for the penal origin of a large mass of its inhabitants ? Would noon-day robbery bo committed with such impunity thnt oven tho Executive was unable to put it down but for the old convict element that existed there ? and was it to be permitted that this glorious land should continue lo bo n placo for tho criminal and pollutod population of Great Britain '! (Loud applause.) The Government at home would not dare to insist upon carrying out thus scheme, for tho colonists would tell them that, though loyal, they were firm, and tho glorious Queen who received their petition wotdd see that tho men of Australia know and valued their rights as freo British-born men, nnd were prepared to defend them. (Ap plause.) Mr Charles Slnden seconded the resolution. Ho said, somo ten or clovon years ngo, whon the Home Government determined to give up transportation to the older pennl settlements of the Australian group, thoy reserved one smnll cornor where thoy proposed to send only a limited number of convicts. At that time the older colonies neglected to remonstrate against this, and the Homo Government profiting by tho circumstance got in the thin end of tho wedge. Owing to the recent increase of crime in England, gnrottiug having increased to an alarming extent, tho . Queen wns advised to ap point a Royal Commission to devise the best steps for relieving the country of such a dangerous class of criminals. Their report contained a ie commcndatioii that her Majesty should, for the fu ture, send out to Western Australia, not a limited number of convicts ns nt first contemplated, but nil convicts who had been sentenced ta petial servitude, except those whose health rendered them unfit to perform hard labor. That recommendation amounted to a full resumption of transportation and of cri minals of the worst class. With somo plausibility it wns urged that the schemo was concurred in by tho Western Australian colonists who were so geo graphically distant from the other Australian depen dencies that tho evil would not bo felt by them. It was not stated at the same time, however, that the whole population of Western Australia wns under 1(5,000, moro tlinn half of which consisted of con- j victs, or expirees, or the immediate descendants of j convicts. Now, what was the opinion of such a colonv acainst tho unanimous voice of nearly a mil lion of loyal subjects spread over tho other Austra lian colonies f (Appiause.) Tho fact was, tho Wes tern Australians wanted the Imperial expenditure more than the convicts, but ns sho could not get one without taking the other, sho pro fessed to be anxious for a convict population. Willi 1 regard to tho alleged isolation of Western Australia, and the improbability of convicts finding their way hither, he would ask did tho instinct of a duck talco it to water? Did sparks fly upward ? AVith equal certainty would tho convict of Western Australia seek the nearest profitablo field for his operations. (Applnuse.) Hieing to the gold-fields, either to secure a permanent footing, or as a stopping-place to New Zealand and the other colonies. Colonists who were here in 1852-3 had ninplo experience of the character of such a population, and if anything would tend to drive respectable men from Victoria it would bo another inundation of such ruffianism. Every one must feel it his duty to prevent such a calamity if possible by representing bow great an act of oppression it would be if tho re port of tho Commission should be carried out. They must lay their views respectfully yet firmly before our beloved Queen, and as it was foreign to her nature to adopt anything injurious to the moral welfare of her subjects, their petition would unquestionably meet with favorable consider ' ation. They must recollect, however, that there was a powerful body at homo whose selfish interest it was to get rid of English convictism nt any sacrifice. Among these opponents none was a more bitter enemy to the colony than Lord Grey, tho consistent advocate of transportation to Aus tralia, and who once observed that the convict would compare favorably with tho free Australian immi grant. (Laughter and groans.) Let that bo their spur, then, in tho movement. Let them exclaim — 'I thank lliee, Roderick, for the word, It nerves my heart, it steels my sword.' God forbid, however, that tho sword should bo steeled in this conflict, but there was, notwithstand ing, sufficient to nerve them to every legitimate op position. If tliey failed, it would bo time enough to threaten ; but time and circumstances would show tlicm what it would be best to do. Ho would coun tenance nothing that was disloj-al, but at tho same time under no circumstances would he submit to have convicts hero. (Loud applause.) The motion, with the petition, was then put to the meeting, and unanimously adopted. Tho Rev. Georgo Goodman moved tho next re lolution : — ' That his Worship the Mayor be re quested to present the petition to his Excellency the Governor for transmission to her Majesty, inviting the Town Council and other residents in Geelong to accompany him 011 the occasion.' Mr Foott seconded the resolution, which was put to the meeting and adopted unanimously. The Rev. W. B. Wells moved n vote of thanks to tho chairman, which was seconded by Richard Parker, Esq., tho mayor elect. His Worship briefly responded, and tliis terminated the proceedings. 