THE BEGINNING OF THE END IN ' AMERICA. (Front the Spectator.)' H ALI. through the American war the true, difficulty baa been to discover the drift alike of opinion* and incident?. The enormous extent of l\i country covered by military operations, th fi*?1; multiform charaoter of American.interests, aU<pf<!V> thé localisation of all opinions, have comhiu ; | bO^1' to invest tho struggle with a kind of phauif>:'' «:< gorical charaoter. The figures are so numy>,¿,«*V- i so dispersed, and so distant, that they h i,; ¡ j¿Í' seem real, and the spectator abstained trott' speculating on their ultimate action as he woul^} have abstained from thinking out the proWiva proceedings of * ghosts. Nobody could' that thé war might not . end in an houJ> that the Southerners , might ; not submit, (Jg be invited to come as masters, or, instigate ¿, revolution, or be driven by defeat in the field iS an endless and aimless guerilla contest. Nobodf coull perceive any alternative thought in ti North, any defined desire other than the subj : gation which they were visibly powerless ". effect. The subjugation of the South wk clearly hopeless, the subjugation of the North was clearly i ^possible ; and for aught any* human being could perceive, the war might. gr> on, like the wars of the Middle Ages, from ge' neration to generation. -There was-a mist between Europe and the combatants, and the ape- , ciality of the news received during the last fort' night is, that this mist is at length beginning to clear away. The South, it is clear at last, will accept no terms of reunion ; ,and in , the North, there is an alternative object becoming.yisibh, towards which the government,'backed more, or less effectually by tho mass of the people, whô, . like Englishmen, grumble; but always go on/ii steadily clearing'I[B road.'It is the one tp'whict?,c from the very outset of the war, .we, have pointed as the only end at .once practicable, consistent with American honour, and not fatal to all poli- tical morals; and it is, wo believe, tho only one which can reconcile the two indispensable necessities-to give up the ancient union, yet restrict the area of territorial slavery. The North has fought from the first for the Union beyond all, pursuing that end with a zeal whioh has too often blinded it to the plainest consideration of justice and morals. It has not abandoned that objeot yet, but it has begun to conceive of failure as among the possibilities, and consequently EO direct its unrelated effets to ends, whioh, even if the Union be destroyed, may mitigate the resulting calamity. For con« quest its only chance is emancipation; which must disintegrate Southern society ; but that failing, or proving too slow, tho North has in itself the power to enclose the Con- federacy within a ring fence of free states. It is to the double end ' that ' Its efforts aro now all direoted. .On the one hand, the hope of action with th 3 army of the Poto- mac, is obviously not surrendered, and General Burnside has been replaced by General Hooker, ari officer who is expected to fight. Measures, moreover, are taken for raising negro .regiments, not so much,, we imagine,'. to supply the1 place of white men-for the North doubts \ negro valour-but to carry but Jo. the full thëpolidy of emancipation, - A negro regiment in-Virginia wo'uloYbe a better guarantee to the-mind- of thti slave - than a ream of official documents, for it would at once promise him'bread, and -show him the means.of civilised self-defence i ,As¡ garrison troops - more- over, the Sepoys will relieve the ' whites, whoso strength Unöwrequired for_the_supreme.national effort, namely, to strike before June a series" pf blows which shall either break up the military power of the South, or failing that, shall secure to tho North a boundary which shall leave an imperial future for the free States instead of the . slave. ' ' "'.',', .\\. ., A little pamphlet just published; in England contains a map showing» all. men with eyes with what comparative ease this second end may even how be secured. TheNorth.is' ; for defensive purposes t) almost; impregnable, and it is only necessary to clear the Mississippi, and regain Texas,; and the South is reduced at once to the rank of a second olass power. Without the Missislppi she has no hold ovir the Wékt; the future home of.millions»: ? without Texas, no future bf imperial strength or. position. Cooped -ú¿. within "boundaries which,'! though wide, are jess than, half her claims, thal South must oultivate all that remains of her. half exhausted soil by a labour which of itself exhausts land worso than' uninterrupted whito ' cropRn The_nacessity"whioh haa_fallen_upon_Eui^îèji , and.which we commonly define as high farming! -must speedily descend upon her, and with it the* great conviction that' forced labour, as,anï economical device, does-not' compensate' for) i'9 ooBt. The day slavery ceaBos tb payw; slavery will be styled hollian instead pf divinp,V and the " rights of man" will.resume their hóld-i over the minds as well as tho orators of tboj Soatb. At all events, whatever her fate, ' slavery cannot extend, and the emigrants, as ?' - ., : ; i - ; ¿> ? ' ' -; . ' .' '' 1 they throng tl the West, -»Ul all be ávowedlj Iree, '*? Tho task is still .a diffioult ' one, bul, compared with 'tho subjugation of the, South, ii .becomes a mere bagatollo. Towards the ' Mis- sissippi, therefore, the Föderal Government ie directing its strength, keeping, it is" true,-the .«my of the Potompo in position opposite Fredericksburg, but only ' to prevent the. best Southern army, from hurrying to the Wost. The .point of attack -is 'Vicksburg,.,-and .two armios, supported by : a * "fl«et - of gun- boats, are preparing for the attack-M'Oler nän d, from Arkansas ; and .General Grant, from Memphis ; 'while General .Rosecrans watches at Shelby ville the only Southern army whioh can be at once advanced to Vicksburg. The mode . ii attack is not clear, the papers writing non .?':*nse ' about a canal which is to drain off the }t ifsi89ippl.! We presume tho intention is to êtija canal'across the promontory round which :; - V Mississippi runs, and so leave Vicksburg .4hich stands on the other side, opposite the point of the 'promontory-an inland city. The snterprise, if ' successful, will form a canal up which steamers oan: pass, and thuB make the Mis- sissippi i freo <..... without' reference to Vicksburg' gUDB. That is possible, .tod I: as - a temporary expedient would bo almost as valuable as tho capture of Vicks- burg; but whatever the plan; it is certain that the'-interest of the war is beginning to centre * here: The freedom bf Mississippi must be ..bemired to ensure the second alternative. It must be secured, moreover, before next June, for the term of the nine [months'.men- nearly half the effective army-expires on some day in that month, and without the encouragement of victory, the'levy of another' army will be beyond the power of a Government which, has sent a million' of men to the field. The Mississippi once cleared, however, the North can rest on its oars,' hem in'the Sonth by a water blockade cohering ; three'.; sides of her territory, and a land blockade on the fourth, fill, up Texas with \- settlers numerous enough to revolutionise her state laws, and calmly await the day when the South shall accept a peace on the basis of each federation retaining the possessions it actually holds. The South, with every fibre of its jnfiely dissolving under the slow operation of ^ntagion. of .freedom, most give way in the ju Thpd sacrifice, for the sake of independence, .«'ream of a grand slave empire which, ex Í- cäefrB round the Gulf, should dominate down * .oiar*8^1113,18« Thia is the polioy which, as it ;,JBÏ to tis, dictates the attitude of the army of ¿ie potomac, the raising of negro regiments, the nncentration of force on tho Mississippi, and '"ffxpedition now forming for the recovery of ¡ v,-f.;». The mistake of tho North is, that it ,..111 not avow it, and thus at once answer the -iiarge that the;South is fighting for independ- ence, the North for imperial power. 