ADELAIDE. Friday, 7 p.m. Major Dowdier, commanding the forces here, has re- ceived a communication from head-quwtcrg respect- ing the employment of the troops in Now Zealand. The Governor has not yet communicated the substance of this letter to Parliament, but intends to do so on Tuesday. The greattopic of interest is the committee's report on the Moonta Mines. It is reported that the troops will leave for New Zealand, and that Government encourages their going. Litutennnt Moller is leaving for the seat of war. Markets, unaltered. TATTEKSALL'S,-A large number o'f the sporting fraternity met at the Rooms yesterday evening, whan sweepB were drawn on thc events to bo decided at Randwick to.day. The majority of these were on the Metropolitan Cup, and in several £5 sweeps (which reached upwards of £100), Traveller and Tarragon fetched prices vajying from £32 to £39 each. Pasha, Regno, Rioter, and Kildare also sold for good prices. The other events did not attract much attention. THE LATE Bushranger LOWRY.-In the evidence taken at the inquest upon the body of Lowry, at Goulburn, on Monday last, Henry Hogan, one of the prisoners, swore that he never saw Lowry until he met him at Vardy's public-house. A telegram re- ceived in Sydney yesterday states that Macdonald, the Binda mailman, has given evidence before the police magistrate at Goulburn, that both the Hogans and Lowry were at a ball at Evans', at Kangaloolah, near Binda, and that he was passed off by them as their cousin. ll..'. lUlLWAY 10 GOULBURN.-A (hpmatioil of oentle-min mieicMcd in the extension of tho raitw« to G ou) hum wited, yesterday morniui, ott th* Winster for Works with lo crenoe to tit.- pron-,«,11 ' tue- of thc terminus in that town. Th,, daautulñn ccmu-tod ei'Mr. Alexander, ML.A., Mr. EmaT.? M.L.A., Mr. Cowper, jun., M.L.A., the M,v,r if Goulburn (Mr W. Davie-), Mr. WaUh, ana ¿r P R L KdBsi. Slr. Alexander having mtMd-tcM th» deputation tit Mr Arnold, with \vh na wan Mr Wh.it ' Kn, th« Mayer of Goulburn slated timi the obit-at of thc deputation wa-s to impress 0:1 the Oov.rnmeut the i;ct-ct6ity ol' having tba railway t.rmiftus na. tin western side of the MtilA-auce Pon.ls, urgin" M'om of tho ptincipal rctnons fiat otienvu?, UDn tuc ming of the creek after heavy Ians in» town would be cut off from tl.e railway, là t'ie course of some conver.-a'im on thu objeut of th* depution, Mr. Arnold st-.tcd that in oirryinjr ""', thc railway extensions the (Jovern mnt hid boan o.m. sidtijtbly enibina'ssed hy V e tx rbitmt dcmriJa for cou ptns-tion ihat had been uindu by ih> owners cf land. The deputa-ioti, i:t rrply, assured th< Misis er thut the land throush which thu Hue would pass to tl c Goulburn rtserv« had a fix-d a'id ascertiin«d i value, having boen valued for municipal purport a!.d that thoio wire parties interested in hiving UM ' terminus in Goulburn who would guarantee ti the Government that it invested with the powers of i cotr.pulsory Bale which tt e Government possesed they could procure the Inna considerably u"d rue I n unioipnl valuution. Mr. Arnold s.id he wai very ai xious to meet tho wishes of the people of Öpiilhari in having ihc torm'u u« on their r.sorvr,-and pro mis'd that an officer chuuld at oncS be di euioito proceed there for the purpose e-fYscertaiuing how far corn-is-cntly with ihc inteie-ti ol tho people in tlut lccnlity, a.,d uho of thepihlic it larg-, tha p,op,sil ( _f the deputation could bo Cini:d t,u i. Tha d?pjt,a lion thereupon withdrew. BACK DINNER-Tho members of the Australian Jockey Club had their annual ruc» d evening, at Tattcrsall's Hotel. The chair was occu- pied by Mr. Cheeke, District Court Judge, and amongst those present were Lurd John Tayluur tha Hon \V. M. Arnold, M.L.A., Mr. Hell, M.L.A., Mr, J. T. Ryan, M.L.A., and M. Courtin. Justice h'âvin» been done ta a very sumptuous lepast, which wat served up in Mr. O'brien's best style, tho customary loyal toasts were drunk ; after which tha chiitmaa propoEed the health of the Governor.in-Cnief, re. marking tliat his Excellency had often associated with them, entering into their sports with th-j mts feeling of an English gentleman, and being ready at all times to give thom his countenance and uisisunce. The toast having been duly honoured, Mr. Kyan uro.' posed thc " Thc Army. Navy, and Volunto.-ra ;" the toast w as responded to by Lord John Tnylour and Mr. J. D. V. Lamb. Mr. Ryan next g¿ve " The Turf of Australia," to which Mr. John Single responde I concluding by piopotitig "Tho Chairman." là acknowledging the toast, the chairman remarked th« though he hud aiten run his horses against thoie of Mr. Single, sometimes beating him, and eomttiaies being beaten by him-he always met him with very great pleasure. Mr. Ryan next proposed "The Sic wald« and Committee of this race meetiog," and congratulated thc club on the good progress they hid made, their numbers having increasfd during the past year from a hundred and thirty to two hundred and thirty ; and in lieu of lookin" for bn income of three hundred guineas they might now look for six hundred guineas. Mr. Bellretutnrd thanks for the stewards, and endorsed the statsmsnt just made as to the increase in the number of members of the club ; he hoped that in the next six months the number would increase to five hundred, and promised that nothing should be wanting on his part t > forward the interests of thc Randwick Kacecourse. Mr. Limb having returned thanks on behalf of the commune, Mr. Ryan proposed " The Ladies," to which Mr, Lamb responded, and gave as tho succeeding tiast " Our Melbourne "Visitors," which was acknowledged by Mr. Coker. With the health of "The host and hostess," to which Mr. O'Brien responded, the caa vivialties were brought to a close. PUBLIC MEETING AT LANE COVE.-A correspondent reports that a large and influential meeting, coavened by advertisement, was held in the long room adjoin- ing tho Green Gate Inn, Lane Cove, on Thursday eveninf, the 3rd instant, at hatf-past seven o'clock, to take into consideration the extravagant expenditure of the money granted by the Legislature for the repair of the road leading from St. L;onards to Pen- nant Hills. Mr. Isaac Shepherd, the representative of St. Leonards, was called to the chair. The follow- ing resolutions were then submitted to, and adopted by, the meeting by a large majority, viz. :-1. Pro- posed by Mr. W. H. M'Keown, seconded by Mr. J. Brown, "That this meeting strongly prótesis ngoinst the watte of the money granted by the Legislature for the repair of the road from St. Leonards to Pennant Hills, under the preJcnt management." Proposed by Mr. G. M'íntosh, seconded by Mr. T. Brown, "That Mes.-rs. Isaac Shepherd, M.L.A., John Caldwell, M.L.A., John Brown, William H. M'Keown, und George M'Int06h form a deputation to wait upon the Eon. the Minister for Landsat the earliest opportunity, and request that the balance of the grant which rem das unexpended be placed [in tho hands of trustees, such trustees to be nominated at a public meet'ng of tile in1 abitants." lt appeared from a statement by Messrs, Mintosh, M'Keown, and Brown, who had carefully measured the work done on one portion of thcr;adby a party of two men, at Gs, a day each, and an overseer at 12s. per day, that nearly £G0 has been expended cn fifteen and a half chains of tho road, which they consider to be not worth more than £10 7s. Od. The meeting Separated after the umal vole of thanks to the chairman. CORONER'S INQUESTS. -The City Coroner held an inquest on the body of an infant, named William Thomas Whittaker, yesterday. The parents of the child live in Brisbane-lane, off Parra- matta-street. The deceased was fifteen months old, and was ill for some time before his death, which took place at about half-past four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. The mother took her child to the dispensary of the Sydney Infirmary on the 28th and 31st ultimo, but otherwise the de- ceased had not been under the care of a doctor. Ver- dict, "Died from exhaustion brought on by teething and secondsry syphilis and the want of timely medi- cal advice."-A second inquest was held at a public- house in Woolloomooloo-street, and had reference to the death of a child named Elizabeth Constance Furber. Between five and six o'clock on the 28th ultimo, the deceased's nurse placed a basin, containing about a quart of hot water, on a chair, near to which, on a low stool, the child was sitting, and while the servant wens out of the house for some cold water, the little creature up- set the basin, and was badly scalded on the right side, arm, and chest. Its mother, who was standing in the room with her back towards the child at the time of the occurrence, immediately dressed the injured parts, and sent for a doctor, who soon attended. The child was slightly convulsed after the accident and died from exhaustion. Verdict, ''Deceased, aged nine months, died from injuries accidentally re- ceived by being scalded." THE LATE Mrs. C. B. LOWE.-This much esteemed lady, thc only daughter of Mr. Woolls, of Parra- matta, and granddaughter of Mr. W. Hall (one of the first missionaries who landed at New Zealand), died at the Round Swamp, on the Mudgee Road, on Wed- nesday last, the 2nd instant, after a very short illness, occasioned by a premature confinement, on the second day after leaving Mudgee. For some weeks previous she had been in a precarious state of health, and the medical adviser recommended as a last resource that she should be removed to her friends in Parramatta, where she would experience the benefit of further medical advice, and enjoy the sympathy of those by whom she was so much beloved. By the will of Pro- vidence, however, things were ordered otherwise, and she was cut down like a flower of the field, far from the scenes of her childhood, in an inn by the roadside, where, of course, she could expérience but few of the comforts to which she had been accustomed. It is a melancholy satisfaction, however, to her numerous and sorrowing friends that in these trying circumstances she was surrounded by her father, her husband, Mrs. Robert Lowe, Mrs. William Lowe, and Dr. Ramsay, and that in her dying moments she expressed the firmest belief in those Christian principles by which she had been actuated for many years, leaving an impression on the minds of those who witnessed her calm and happy departure from this world that in the death- bed of a Christian there is a moral grandeur which stamps its divine source. The death of this lady has cast a gloom over many in Parramatta, where, in conjunction with her departed sister, Miss Emily Wools, she had spent her early years. Her remains will be placed in the family vault in St. John's churchyard, by the side of her dear sister, so that as they were " lovely and pleasant in their lives, in their death they may not be divided." The deceased was twenty-four years of age, and had been married only five months.-(From a Correspondent.) EQUITY BUSINESS.-In the absence of the Primar; JudRe. Sir Alfred Stephen sat yesterday to dispose 0 any such equitvbusiness as might press. ^*rB however, but one or two common mobong, inyo vin r.o matter of public interest. His Honor will si again to-day. NATIONAL SCHOOL, PYRMONT.-The opening of tho lîalioiinl Schcol, Mount-etrtet, Pyrmont, was last night inaugurated by a tea and public meeting, held . jn UIQ iclioolroom. '1 litre iras a very crowded attend once. Tl.o Kev. Dr. Steel pretided, and in tho course ol Iii* oVsetViitiins re marked that they were met in a building wl.ii h was lobe dt voted to tha welfare of the niopleof Pynni'iit, both old and young. It was a uon-v tied NA!ional ichool, and could thus he used for othcrptrposis than tho-e of an ordinary school ; a Sabbf lh-siluml in connection with the Presbyterian ctmmunion mi^lit he roi;dueted on the Sunday, reli- gious ten icc* might be held, and lectures delivered in it for the bei.ei.it of the p opie. Tho school was nb jut foitv feet long, nearly twenty fest wide, and as rc gnrcied ron il«fion and he. lchinets of fitustion was in > st eligible for the purpose it was intended io subserve. ComifU'i'S to the school-house was nn open sptco vheiethe sibelius might tiigiige in exercises n ces siTy io'tl c. developn eut of mnsculiir en-rgy. He tmslrd that it would te of gr-nt ndvantago to tho ariiznns «ho liv<d_ in tt:e neighbourhood The in stiuttion inipaited in tlio school wis to be under the Hoard of Notional Education, and would therefore be subjected to efficient inspection. Ic was not diiigmd to teach any particular dogmi, for the tclioil was established on an entirely un scctorian basis. Ile knew of nothing more obligatory on paicnts cr mote eBsentinl for their children's wel- fare ihi.n the giving ot' them a good education. Durfte Iud described education as "acheap defsnco of nitioi.s," «nd it had often been remarked that uMoecaied mind was educated vice. Men and youth whose moral powers were uncul ivated, too readily turned the circumstances of their situation to an evil accounr, and thus brought disgrace upon a com mwiity and misery to themselves. He trusted ¡lint tho wetting would bid thc teachers iu tho:r endeavours, and thereby make their efforts promotive .'of thc hight st good. Besides the ordinary business of tt eichoul, huit'an hour after each morning's secular itiiuuetion, probably from noon to hal'.past twtlve, would be allotted to the impartitig of Biblical knowledge, and while this additional setvice would bo open to all the pupils, it ttould be forced upon none. A National school was cf advantage aB> tending to neutralise the sectarian feeling which existed in a community, and it was very desirable that bigoted and sectarian angles, whicri were 6omeiirms apt to be very acute, should be nibbed iff. PiofiEsor Smith, having expressed his gratifica- tion at being pr&ent;, and surpriïe at seeing so numer- ous an attendance, went on to indicate the nature.of thc National system of education, of tho Board of which he had been a member for ten years and a half. Ile explained the manner in which the Govern- ment gr^nt tor education was apportioned to the two Hoards, tod spoke of the differences of opinion that peiailed in regard to the Naional und honominational systems of education, remarking that the people living in the neighbourhood would soon have an oppottunity of judging as to whtthcr the first-named system deserved to be called hy all the hatd numeB which had be>n applied to it. Thc fact of the Bible being read after school hours WOB no infringement of the former system, but wa3 expressly allowed by tho iules of the Board. Clergy- men might, by pre-srrangement, instruct separately the children of their persuasion in religious know- ledge. He wa6 of opinion that the National system of education tmpaited more religious instruction than did fte Denominational, aad in corroboration of this view ic quoted from the teport of .well-qualified and im ptitiel cunmissioni rs, who had some time ago visited the schools of the interior, and had stated, as the Tcsult of their examinations, that, in respect of knowledge if tho Scriptures,, thu children in National schools w ere distin gullied o vei those inDenomiuational schools. The Denommatial system, could not avoid irapnttiality without incurring great expense, for in thinly populated districts the hading sect would get a school wliile others would not. The combination of vested end non-vested schools under the Natiunal ijsttm hud shown how the conflicting elements, arising fromdiflerent religious beliefs, might be reconciled, and was really a eoluuon of the ditiiculties that existed, foi under the National Board all the Denominational fcboolsin the colony might be included. Tho measure bef> re the Legislature was intended to be worked very much ss wa- now the Ntition ,1 system. But while something depended on a system, mora depended on ibcschcolmn.'ter's qualifications and spirit. Mr. Vf. "WilhÎD», Chief Inspector of National Schools, next addressed the meeting. Dr. . Steel had mentioned an inscription which he had seen cn a school banner at Aberdeen, "a g iod educition sad the world before us ;" much had been done by that mi,t:o in Scotland, and he trusted that here ic would be found to answer equally well. Among o'hir valuable^ observations having reference to the National school system of tducaúon, the speaker stated that it was a principle with the Bo trd to sec that the instiuction was eo thoroughly and effectuilly imparted tbnt it should be of lasting advantage. Mr. Wilkins a'so .explained at length how that the fundamental principles of religion and some of the [rcmineut ideas of Christianity were taught to the yuki's evo» in tf.e mott elementary books, and sho >vcd that tho historical portions of thc Old Testament, St. Luke's Gospel, and the Acts of the Apostles were fi the most part included in the books 6f instruction in use. In addition to reiding and writing, grammar, geography, and arithmetic i studios especially useful for disciplining the mind were catelully and systematically taught. Teaching was an ari that required men of study and natural adaptation, and for their training facilities were afforded by u school established for thc purpose at Pirt-stiett. Parents might remove great obstacles to the usefulness of a Behool and the education of the i fcholars woe they to exercise confidence in the I ichoolmasters, and to co- operate with them in pre- venting iriegular attet'.danco, a want of punctuality, and other causes detrimental to success. He trusted tbnt nixl year it would be found that the National Sdool had accomplished a great deal forPyrmo.it. I'hcEev. A. Thomson said that there were many mem- bers of his congregation living atPjrmont, andrejoiced that henceforth, in that place there would be afforded trim tho uieanB of a sound religious education, and he hoped that parents wouid universally avail themselves cf the privileae. Mr. Gordon, the teacher of the school, next briefly addressed the meeting. Mr. Mtcready proposed a vote of thanks to the lidies, fur having suptrintendtd arrangements for the t-;a, and Jir.ll'iinhur, of the A.S.N. Co., moved a vote of think* to the committee for their exertions in connec- tion with the movement. Both resolutions having ban cani'. d. the meeting was ended with the doxology tndbn.ediction. SYDNEY YACHT CLUII.-An ordinary monthly meet- ing of the Sydney Yacht Club was held on Thursday ast, when the fellowing gentlemen were elected mem- oirs of the club :-The Hon, J. B. Darvall, M.L.C., Mr. Thomas Balker, Mr. William Campbell, Mr. Hint y O'Brien, Mr. William Buiby, and Mr. E. C. Cracknell. ? ms UOYAL VICTORIA THEATRE.-Oa Monday eve I ling last tn oti^iiial drama, by Edmond Falconer, I tntitltd "The Peep o'Day," originally played, for I several montliB, at the Lyceum Theatre, in London, | I y¡¡& produced at the "Victoria, btfore a crowded house, I sndtr the ditettion of Mr. J. Simmons, who appeared I in the character of Barney O'Tuole, and was enthusi I Wictlly received by the audience. The play was put I upon the stoge in a very creditable 6tyle-the scenery, I machinery/inusie, costumes, Sic,being generally unex I replicable. It was followed by " Lola Montez in I liavsria." The same pieces were presented on Tu=s- ' I dsy nnd Wcdneeday ¡ and on Thursday the "Peep I o' Day was succeeded hy a new Chinese bur I bsque rejoicing in the singular designation of I "The "Willow Pattern Plate"-cleverly executed I tcpiesentntions of which have been set up in. different I parts of the city for some days psst. The drama and I the burlesque were repeated last night, and will, it is I btlieved, be played again this evening. On Monday I sixt it is announced that a new piece named "Tho I Ghost," will be peifurmed at this theatre, when the ? astonishing discovery of Mi ssrs. Dirck and Popper, I bywhich s^ccfroi appearances are produced, will, for I the first time, be placed before th* Sydney public ? iradi r the mana¡>emuu of Mr. William Pitt, the sole ? sgentof the patentees. A drama of great interest, en ? tiled " Aurora Floyd "-arrange I by Mr. john ? Biyan-ia snnounced as being in rehearsal, and a I b^edy founded upon cettain events in Italian history ? (from the pen of Mr. Edward Reeve) is in active pre ? psration. The name of thia colonial production is ? 'Kayaond, the Lord of Milan." I TUE Orr.nA.-This evening will terminate the ? eptrn'ic r-enson at the Prince of Wales, and the ? director, Mr. W. H. Lyster, hos chosen " Les Hugue I !°v ' *°Mhe occasion. This selection is creditable ? to hu taste, and it will also bring before the audience ? j» the closing night the whole of the corps musicale, ? m " Huguenots " is unquestionably the greatest ? «íacttaking of tho seaBon-not alone as regards ex. ? penditurej in producing it, but in,the care and studj ? . Wuch the company, one and . all, have bestowed or I V T|noUB characters which they sustain. It is to hi ? "oped the audience will not be unworthy the occasion ? ? aaa the tirdy support that,necessitated the substitu I ft,00.?- "Luriine" (plea-ing though it certainly is ? j» thu sublime work of Meyerbeer, will be mor I T'y extended-Rt all events equal to that which hs I- "Ned the run of Wallace's opera. 