The celebrated " Mudgeo Mail" lias' either ceased to tempt the cupidity of the bushrangers, orlias of late been fortunate enough to carry its treasures in safety through Gardiner-land. At all events we have for some time missed the fa miliar and punctual announcement that its gallant guardians had been duly stuck-up and plundered by a banditti one fourth of their number. In another direction, however, the bushrangers seem to he plying tiieir profession with their usual dash, and with average success, seldom failing to retreat, when they do retreat, with all the honours of war. In the Sydney Herald of tho 11th instant, we find whole columns dedicated to their achievements. We have " A desperato affray " with bushrangers at Bat- " hurst." " Capture of Fo lev, the " bushranger." " More sticking up." " Details of the late mail robbery,'' and " a bushranger shot dead" — not by tbe police, however, but by his own brother, who intended the bullet for one of the authorities. In tho nffraj' at Bathurst, the notorious Gilbert andO'meally were the principal heroes — the polico were numerically stronger, but thoy were hampered with the custody of prisoners, whom tho rangers attempted to rescuo. JN'ett result, one trooper shot ; one ranger's horse ditto ; and the rangers obliged to retreat from shortness of ammunition, but for which they somewhat paradoxically declared that " they would follow the troopers to h — 11, and fight it out." Society, in the interior of the country, is reported-us- being thoroughly demo ralized. " I believe," writes a corres pondent of the Herald , " there is scarcely a house between Mount Mac- quarie and' the Abercrombie that will riol afford _any_.criminal shelter when required, and I am satisfied that there are hundreds of lads in that neighbour hood under twenty that would give one of their eyes to have the same noto riety as Gilbert or Gardiner. They never work, never have worked, and they are, without exception, the flashest lot I ever saw." If Mr. Cowper could succeed in mailing these young gentlemen volunteer for New Zealand ! The Nemesis which, sooner or later, overtakes alluhholy coalitions, is already dogging the heels of the M'Culloch Administration. The incongruity of the elements of which it is composed is even now but too plainly manifest for the Chief Secretary's peace of mind. The nuptials of : the squatters and the democrats, from which such great things were expected, and upon which so many epithalamiums have been sung, has turned out a very unhappy alliance. The Bride and the Bridegroom are already weary of one another. Their lore has not lasted the honeymoon. Threats of a recourse to the colonial Sir iGuesswell Cresswell, and mutual . recriminations; have succeeded the blind delirium during which Heales and Heiivev, Grant ,-nd Fellows, were mutually enamoured. The affection entertained by the squatters for the people, like the passion of Titania for Bottom, was necessarily of tho briefest, 'and there are already symptoms of a return to a more natural tuyl less abnormal condition. (So long as Mr. M'Cullocii contented himself with carrying out the measures of | his predecessor he was tolerably safe, hut when he persuaded poor Mr. Heales to introduce the nmended Land Bill, the Ministry made a false move, from the effects of which it may prpve difficult to recover. The measure jddnses no section' of the Assembly. ; The squatters are indignant at a con servative Minister consenting to a bill wliich by practically reducing the inset price of Crown lands to five shillings per acre, lowers the value of their landed property. They complain that if the restrictive clauses should prove valid, that nono of their class will be able to purchase land, inside the agricultural areas, and that the land outside is of very inferior quality. A. few of the more sanguine and less conscientious are already taking legal opinions as to the possibility of violating these at tempts at protecting the public estate from monopolists and perjurers, but now that Mr IIioinbotham, whose advice- . was found so efficacious by the celebrated taylon'and Curtis, is permanently retained by the Crown,, but scant hope can be derived from this hitherto promising source. Politicians of" the MacMaiion and Loader division, complain that the proposed system will altogether extin guish the revenue derived (rom the sale of Crown lands that any expendi ture for_ immigration . is thereby ren dered. impossible ; arid that permanent, injury to the colony will necessarily be- the result of this departure from the true principles of political economy. Those appear the most contented who should be the first to denounce the bill. The so-called- popnlnr party are beha ving with an amount of pusillanimity which could scarcely have been antici pated from their antecedents. Mr. M'Lellan lias concentrated alibis energies upon an inquiry which, what ever might have been its use twelve 1 months ago, is now about as interesting as a disquisition upon dried butterflies, and as. pertinent as an investigation into the description of tiinbe.r which com posed the ark. Mr. Don has contented himself with a si'ly tirade against the inconsistency of Mr.-- Loader. Mr. Woods, -mow that lie - lias became the patentee of a wool-washing machine, appears anxious to suit his politics . to . the requirements of his ovine customers. Neither of these quondam '..Democrats has dared to ask the Cabinet >..1 why they have left tho squatting tenure untouched, and tho iniquitous assess ment unaltered. Mr. IIioinbotham speaking, it is to ho presumed, for " self and colleagues," told the House that Ministers were prepared to stand or fall by their pastoral policy. ' lie forgot to give nny information as to whether they were as firmly wedded to the. more liberal portions of' the bill. Nor do any of their renegado supporters seem inclined to ask the question. It would seein as if the political treason they have committed, has rendered them dumb. If they have one spark of public spirit left — if the blind, unreasoning mania of faction, has not rendered them alto- .gether unmindful of their duty to them selves, their principles, and their con stituents — they will protest, while it is yet time, against this disgraceful concession to the squatters. Surely tho country will not stand tamely by, and see the violators of one part of the compact, profit by a strict and scrupu lous adherence to tho lett er, not tho spirit of the other portion of the bargain. But if rumour is to be believed, the popular party will be asked to make still further concessions. The tindesir- abloness of another ministerial crisis has prevented, and will prevent, any effective opposition in tho Assembly to the Bill, and the probability is that it will pass through committee without any material nlte.ation. The Council are, however, reported to be less scru pulous. Several of these reverend signors have already announced their intention of voting against the free selection and deferred payment clauses. Indeed some persons go so far as to sav that Messrs. IIervey and Fellows will be found among the non-contents. If so Mr Aspi nall's prophecy will be realised, and the measure " passed by squatters and democrats in one House, will bo kicked out by squatters alone in the other." Should this very probablo consummation be realised, we shall bo curious to know what will be the next movo of the four ex-liberal ministers. For having swallowed so much dirt, they will be expected to gulp even a little more. At least such is the boast of the squatters, bankers and others who pull tho strings of the present Cabinet. The nomination ol candidates for the repre sentation ot the Eastern Province took place on Saturday, at Seymour. The three gentlemen nominated were Mr Craig, Mr Hanna, and Mr Pinnock. The latter gentleman's prospects are said to be as delusive as the " Ghost" at tho Royal. Messrs Ilnnna and Craig are well known and respected throughout the district, nnd the contest — if there be any — is likely to K lie between litem. A correspondent- furnishes a report of the proceedings at the nomination, which we publish in another column. Mr Craig was not present. Mr Pinnock spoke briefly and with becoming diffidence. Mr Hnnaa appears to have taken the opportunity to put his views before the electors in a sensible speech. We note that some objection was made to the nomi nation of Mr Craig, as Mr Disher, who was Ills sponsor upon the occasion, is not an elector for the district. The duty devolved : upon Mr Disher from tho small number of electors present. The point is probably of no import ance. On Saturday Mr Morton, M.L.A., and Mr Laiiliaw, a member if the Ballairat Road Board, waited upon Mr Stevenson, Assistant-Commis sioner of Roads and Bridge', with reference 1 1 the mode adopted by tiie Government in gazet ting tolls and toll-gates. They pointed out that tbero was ah action pending against the Board for illegally demanding tolls, nnd in this instance the system adopted by the Government f-r gazetting toils had been adopted. Mr Steven son said that the toll-gate itself was gazetted, and the amount to bo charged as toll was pub lished in a former Gazette. Although legal opinion might be opposed to this system, it wus the course adoptsd by tbe Government since tlio erection of tolls. : iThe annual meeting of the Board of Agricul ture was held on Saturday. The report sub mitted was adopted; and a sum of L5000 made avjiiiable for distribution amongst tho various agricultural societies. The council for the ensuing year wore also elected. After sitting for four hoars, the meeting was adjourned until noon to-day," Of course, the indefatigable Melbourne go«- sipper of the Star has something new to say upon the M'Lellan affair. He states that " the be lievers in the corruption and bribery charges of Mr M'Lellan nre awfully indignant at the count out on Thursday night, and a feeling is growing up that the House is afraid of the inquiry, whilst amongst those who best know the state of matters tiiere is a strong impression that the dove of Ararat has got himself into a situation tiie diffi culties of which lie has no conception, and which will tax all the energies of his friends to save him from extinction. Tho feeling is, that the House must not shirk the inquiry. The oppor tunity is perfect, for Dr Hcdlcv, who by some is regarded as tiie arch-conspiratorof the association, is now in town, within easy reach of the Sroaker and his Sergeaut-at- arms. Fear of that awful official and his mace has not scared the Doctor from Ids quarters and sent him travelling back to tiie wilds of Gipps Land, as might have reasonably been expected. Mr De Beaker, whose promised revelations have never been made, is obtainable on the shortest notice, if any thing is to be made by appearing, nnd his box, with all the- valuable documents, is within "a Btono's throw of the- House. A subscription is iik'cly to be got up among tlio patriotic to pur chase tlio whole of the mysteries contained in the box | if Mr De Beaker's terms do not rise with the occasion." Mr. Vcrdon's .financial deliverance has not found much favor in Gipps Land, at all events. A correspondent of the Guardinn criticises it thus: -—".The Treasurer's .expedient for avoiding a deficit lit the close of the current year,. whilst possessing the recommendation of accomplishing this j desideratum, does not seem to meet with either the support or sympathy of country mem bers.; It certainly 'required no very fertile ' genius of finance to rise up and save our failing resources, if the very simple process of docking ail expenditure, bap-hazard, necessary or un necessary,' is tlio only remedy it can suggest: According to Mr Verdou all publ-'c works are to cease, whether reproductive or not, immigration is to be stayed to a very considerable extent, and now faxes are to be imposed. Among the prin cipal! sufferers by this ruthless and ruinous economy yourselves and the Sale folks will figure prominently and — unless you stir with energy and determination — permanently. The tram- road project for uniting upper and lower Gipps Land is -just one of those reproductive works which, of all others, should be at once proceeded with .but you cannot make the present genera tion pf political skinflints appreciate facta of this character. They view nil expenditure as they do that of. their '.household,- nnd, astliero is no analogy between; them, they nre always arriving at wrong and absurd conclusions." Riverina will become a dangerous neighbour if she succeeds in' seducing away our most use ful citizens j' -and-wif find by tlio Maryborough | and Dunoily AdvcrliSor that she lies enticed j one gentleman who can ill be spared. The district of St. Arnaud is about to lose one of its i most valunble inhabitants, Mr P. A. Jennings j (says our contemporary). 'Wo' say valuable, bscauso Mr Jennings has been the pioneer of the success St. Arnaud now justly boasts of. He has, by his Intelligent perseverance, pro cured for tho place a standing and a name which will, in years to come, shine out in the history of Australia.. . It is not, perhaps alto gether understood so thoroughly as it might be, that much of the prosperity of a new settlement in a new country is usually due to one untiring will, nnd one brain working in comprehensive earnestness. Mr Jennings has to b: thanked and congratulated nt the same time. We hear ho lias joined as a proprietor of a large squatting tract of loud at Dcniliquin, on tho Murrny, with Mr Shannnan, who is well known as one of the oldest squnttcis iu the St. Arnnud district. Mr Jennings has alrendy become a> active mem ber of the Iliverine Association, and should there be a " Riverina" Government, we predict his voice will be hoard therein. Wherever lie may go, —in the remembrance of bis many accom plishments and well performed ditties both in social and public life, —we cordially- wish him health, happiness, and success. There will be no meeting of the City Council to-dny, tlint body linving, at Its last meeting, adjourned for a fortnight. Mr Justice Barry will preside at the Criminal Sessions, which commence in tho Supreme Court this morning. We have South Australian ads-ices o the lttli ; New Sjoutli Wales to tho lith ; Queensland to the 8tli j and Ilobart Town to the 13th. With tlio exception of tlio usual bushrnnging reports from New South Wales, the Intelligence is meagre ; but we make a few selections, which -v il be found elsewhere, A correspondent of tlio Gipps Land Guardian having peculiar sources of information, recently hinted at a dispute among the members of the Cabinet upon the Edue .tion Question. This is bis latest on dit : — ' Respecting the difficulty about the Board of Education Ru'cs, things arc in statu quo. The Government are desirous of placing Sir James Palmer on the Board of Edu cation in tlio place of tbe late C. J. Griffith, Esq. A deputation of Presbyterians and others waited upon the Chief Secretary a few days ago, but got no satisfaction. These gentlemen are anxious to fi. vc a Denominntionalist upon tlio board if possible. Mr Robert Smith is named as likely to succeed lo the vacant commissioner- ship. An accident through tlio explosion of gas, and which might: .have been attended with more serious consequences occurred about eiglito'ciock yesterday morning nt Mr Walker's, Britannia hotel, corner of Lonsdale and Swanston streets. It appears . that the servant maid perceived on escape of gas In the book parlour of the hotel, entered the room and thinking that the tap hod been left open stood upon the table and lit a candle, when a frightful explosion took place. The doors and windows wero burst open and si- large quantity of furniture destroyed, tiie frag ments being scattered to a considerable distance. The servant's face, hands, and arms arc severely burnt, but we understand she is progressing favourably under tbe care 'of Dr Fitzgerald. There were no cases of any importance at the City Court on Saturday, and the charge list was, as is usual on that day, a short ono. The body of the man who was drowned In Ilobson's Bay on the evening of the 14th Inst, . and on whom an inquest was held on Saturday,' his since been identified as that of Andrew kShaw, lately residing at 100 Oxford street, East . Collingwood. The Star notes a curious rumour now circu lating on Boilaarat. According to our contem porary, — "The unicorn, or the dragon, or the bunyip, is currently believed in local acclimati sation circles to have been recently seen in the Wendource Swamp. Labourers employed iu or about the Botanical Reserve aver that they have seen some wonderful animal there, and the ba lance of accliinatisatloual- belief Is in favour of the bunyip. While on the subject of tilings visible nt the reserve in question, we may state that the black swans tlicro .'have; lately hatched a brood, whose wings have been ' clipped' in the interests of '-ncclimn-isation.' " The number of visitors to tho Museums »f Natural History, Geology," and Economic Geology applied to Mining, Agriculture, and the Arts, during the week ending 15th August, was 1004\. — New arrivals are -informed that the museums are open to the public daily, Sundays cxc pted, from ten a.m. till five p.m., in the north side of the University. Apropos of the "corrupt influence" affair, the Melbourne correspondent of the Gipps Land Guardian, has invented a new word — " M'Lel-. lanism.". The largest share of public attention, lie says; has been recently absorbed by that pure patriot, the immaculate Do\ e of Ararat, and his next move for the degradation of Parliament is earnestly canvassed. Some cruel folks seem to think his next move ought to be out of the House, and an effort will undoubtedly be made for bis expulsion if be fails to prove some of his charges. Tho only wonder is that so unadulte rated n parliamentary soul cau exist at all in the midst of so mucli corruption and trickery. That it should not only have existed but absolutely thriven under the circumstances is still moro marvellous, especially when we reflect that " those who lovo the danger shall perish in it." However, be that as it may, it U quite clear that patriots of tire M'Lellan stamp are now at a sad discount. They may hawk their wares or cry them in the House or the lobbies, but no purcha sers will attend to them. There are some who do not scruple to assert that this deplorable con dition of tiie political market is, in some measure, responsible for the Ararat antics, bcuceforth to bo known as M'Lcllanism. The number of prisoners confined in II. M. Gaol on Friday last, the 14th instant, was 213 males, 3 females;" who were thus classified : — For trial before tho Supreme Court, 18 ; before magistrates, 0 ; at other stations, 1 ; under sen tence, road gang, 22 ; hard labour, 07 males, 2 females. Imprisonment, 45 males, 1 femalo ; lunatics, 4. In default of bail, 13; debtors, G. Received duringjthe week, 80; discharged, G8. 