r_ . ]t Courier. TUURSDAV, SEPTEMBER IT, 18S3. Tin. Loan Hill mid the Appropriation Act were last night, passed through com- mittee in the Legislative Assembly. Tho division hell bas rung fm- the last time this session, and nothing now remains to he done except of n formal nature. The government may now safely allow some of their docile flick to stray into more con- genial pastures?among their own flocks and herds?as ii is only necessary to keep together a sufficient unmhorof honorable members to form a quorum, bo that the several bills still unfinished may be passed through their first stages. It is not creditable that there should bo ho much trouble to keep honorable members to their post. Gan lemon who accept, and in somo cases even work hard to ob- tain, tho honor of representing, should he prepared to lake the responsibilities also Tho work of the session having been ad- vanced to its preseut position, we trust that there will be no difficul y iu keeping the houso together so that tho retnaiuder may be gone through without any indecorous haste ; and lhere may be no repetition of the disgraceful neglect which brought I ho session of 1SG2 to such nu untimely and unhonored cud. Tho I oan Bill discloses a state of affairs ?to somo extent consequent on hasty and ill-considered legislation?which reflects no credit ou the financial skill or policy of tho present administration. Viewed in the additional light thrown upon it- by ihe discus-ion of Inst night, it is positively bad. Tho bill authorises the rsi sing of a loan to the extent of J.707,436, by debentures bearing interest at 6 per cunt, per annum, payable a' any time after the expiiation of twenty years, mid secured upon the consolidated re- venue of ihe oolouy. Of ibis largo stun, only about one-half, including tho amount for mil way purposes, can be considered re-productive, or in oilier words, can over proilueu a direct return to pay tho annual interest. The re- mainder is for immigration, harbors, rivei-R, and roads, wilh a small sum for various buildings, post-offices, and washhouses, isis, iuclinling tho heavy it um of .£700 for tv puut. Tho propriety of boirowiug money for tho purpose of patching roads may or may not bo a lair subject fur debate ; but tlu-ro can bono doubt that all theso small, though necessary buildings, should bo paid for out of current incoiuo. They bring in uo mut, aud thu _uu) -*j>omled cuuuot in any way be reproductive. The bill j makes no provision for a sinking fund ; and the promise contained in his Excel- lency's speech at J he opening of parlii ment, that the proceeds of the sales of land on the line of railway should bo devoted to tho repayment of the cost of construction, is silently ignored. This course is not only unwise, as.-bowing a want of that spirit of conciliation which we could so well afford to exercise ; but it is also unjust to tho Northern por- tions of the colony, which eau never reap nny benefit from a railway in tho Brisbane district, and-therefore ought uot tu be compelled to pay fur it. The most serious consideration is, however, the fact that wu are, aa stated by tue late Colonial Treasurer, overrunning tho c mstable" and bot row- ing to make up the deficiency. Some items, amounting in the whole to a large sum, which have beeu voted in previous years, and the money spent now make their appearance in the Loan Bill. The amount of .£1.0,000, for immigration purposes, received a curious explanation. The hon. Colonist Treasurer naively slated ihnt il. would be very convenient to commence the new system of immi- gration with a clean sheet, by bo,-row ing a sufficient sum to pay the land orders which the Treasury had been obliged-to receivo as cash. Very Con- venient, no doubt. Mr. Heubrrt thinks we unnnot be considered as borrowing at all fur immigration, as long ns the amount is less than the receipts from -tiles of lands, as this fund should be de- voted to immigration; therefore the £100,000 might just as well bo put down to any other purpose; it would only iu vol ve a transfer in the books, and would come to the same thing iu the end. Whichever of these pleasant ex- planations is accepted, it is evident that the colony is now burrowing to _my that portion of its animal expenditure which (he current revenue is unable to meet; and an endeavor is being made to con- ceal the fact by a blundering system of finance. Fortunately, the colony can stand a great deal of mismanagement lt is very voting mid very prosperous. There is no fear of any dimin .linn in its tate of pro- gress for some time to come ; trore pro- bably it. will go on in an accelerated ratio. But really, snmo economy ought, to be practised, or it may become neces- sary to induce the two hon members for the Western Downs to exchange places, and Mr JIoffatt to allow the i eilis of the Treasury to pass into tho hands of his colleague, Mr. Tayloii, the economist tt. was very gratifying to hear .Mr. Moffatt state that the credit of the colony stands so high on the London Stock Exchange, that, ho expected the -S100 debentures would be readily taken up at about _£l 10. He must be careful not lo do anything which shall tend to niter such a very bright prospect. The power to borrow easily and on advan- tageous lerms, is full of temptation to its possessor ; but he may rest assured that reckless or improvident expenditure tends strongly to diminish that power ; and if persevered in, will 6oon dissipate it entirely. I.v consequence nf nu interruption on tbe lino between Tenterfield nnil Glun Innes, wc ure unable to give nny telegraphic intulli gencc. The interruption is supposed tn bu occasioned by tbe heavy gales now prevailing in thnt district. In tho Legislative Councfl ycsleid.iy. there wasa groat auinunt nf business disposed of.- Tbe Brisbnue Waler Works anil Tnivii flail Bills wera passed through committee Thu Civil Seiviee Bill was virtually shelved, bscmise thu linns, refused to agree to thu A-scmbly's ayiendineiit iu ibu 20ib cbiiiso. Thu Impounding Bill was rend a third time, and passed, ibu Pnrlininnnt Houses resolu- tion.-, ns amended liv the Assembly, wino agreed to; those in thu Publicans lilli were nut ngroed to. Is thc I.egislnlivo Assembly ycstenlny, ofter questions lind been answered by minis- ters, Mr. Lillcy's million fur nn extra £100 a year for the salary nf tbe fiiiiiiigrntinn Agent carno on, but was withdrawn after an explanation fruin thu Cnloninl Secrutnry tn thu effect thnt the government w-n.ild bu pre- pared to make thu required addition next year. A smart debute nrnso un n motion by Mr. Douglas, censuring the government for their conduct with regard tn tin; Gladfield Reserve, mid thc million wns ultimately with- drawn. The Agiiciilttirnl Beset vu Bill wns road a third time and pissed. On thu inntinii fur tbe second rending of the Loan Dill, n sbi.rt debntu ur cse, nntl thu motion was cm - ried on divi.-ion by a majority of twelve seven. Thu bill was then cnuiiuilted, nnd tbe two first clauses wore discussed iu nny thiug but an ninicnblu mininer, Mr Donkins dividing tho houso on tho second clause, on thc passing of which by a majority of eleven to six bu left thu bouse, expressing his inten- tion not lo rotilin ngniu during thu session. Tho various causes of thc bill were pus-iud without .iinundiii-int. Thu Appropriation Act was read a second time and committed, and tbe roport of tbo Coinmittue uf Ways and Menus was adopted. Tiik fir'ng fnr Ibo prizes given hy thu Qiicenslund Bide Association wns resumed yesteidny morning shortly before ton o'clock. Owing tn the unfavorable state nf thu weather, and clouds of dust interfering with their coin fort thu number of visitors was very small. The shooting, cnii-idcring the ndvurso cir- cumstances, was greatly superior to that nf tho previous day. We have buen requested tn stato thnt Ibo mooting will commence at bnlf-piist ninu o'clock this niorniiu'. Tut: Tbunti-o Cnmpnny have accepted tbo tender nf Mr. Halpin, for £1130, to build thu theatre in (.neon street, and wo bu'iuvu tho works will bu commenced alni.st immedi- ately. In the Central Police Court yesterday, two women, known to the police as bad charac- ters, were charged with stealing seven sove- reigns from a man on the previous night, in a house of ill-repute kept by the women in Edward-street, somewhere in the rear of Rostella House. The victim could not iden- tify his lost cash, and the case broke down. The bench, in dismissing the case, expressed a hope that the loss of the money would act as a caution to the prosecutor to avoid such places in future. I Bv a return recently issued by the Govern, mont Printer,, wc find the classified returns of immigrant.- tn:-this colony during ibu years 18G1 nnd '1862 to be us follows: ? In 1S.1-10-.2 English. 263 Scotch, mid 2t*.'__ Irish. In 1S«2? .549 Kngli-li. 931 Scotch and 3330 Irish. Making n total for tho two years nf 3601 English, 1254 .Scotch, and 3612\. Irish Tims, on comparing thu num- bers, it will bo seen that thc balance between thu number nf English and Irish immigra- tion is 19594. or 705J above tbo total number with which Scotland is credited. We have been requested by Mr. A. J. Ilnckiugs, of Queen-street, t.) inform those who take nn interest in thc culture of silk that hu hus a few silk-worms which bu is willing to distribute. Wu may mention that in the oniony of Vietnriu great, attention is now being paid to this very useful insect and tli.it a few months ago some very fine ci.ci.ous were exhibited. Tue following extract of n letter from nu experienced Victorian digger, to a friend in Rnckhumpton, written from tho Peak Diawns. bus been forwarded to us for publication :? " I have just come in from thu new.nish f->r rations, n distance of twenty-five miles, niid I nm ro'iirning immediately. Thu new field is turning out first-rate. Witb tbe very second stroke of thc pick I knocked ont un ounce nugget Tbo new-diggings are on the slop-; of Drummond Runge; tho gul'ies aro very narrow, thc bunks steep, and thc gold coirsu and nuggetty; ..il. lia. just tbo appearance ni' gund cnuntiy. Thu washing stuff busti.be curried a considerable distance to water. I j fear if wc have a rush to this gnld-fiu d that there will bo starvation, except plenty nf r.itions are forwarded. Tbo men have bolted fruin thc copper mino." Usiieii thc bending " Union is Strength," the Northern Argus snys:?Mr. J. L. Thump son's f(-f Brisbane) circular to the Hnek liaui|itnn Municipnl Counci', urging tim de- sirability of a simultaneous action by all municipalities to prov nt the undue petting hy thu government of any one ol thuin, is sn much after our own heart that it merits smile particular emphasis. By all menus get the "form" nnd sign it Union is strength, and it is only by such homogeneous netion that nny good can be done with thu "Ipswich'' government. Get tbe "finin," we rupunti und encourage thu movement by nil menus iu your worships' power. The A'orthern Argus, of tho 12th instant, siys:?" Two good men who f night valiantly in the ranks nf tho opposition during thu session, for equal justice to Cunt, ni and Nor them Queensland, may bu slnutly expected to arrive herc. Wu refer to aaiir I'riuiids Messrs. Lilley and U'nkeney. Wo put it tn tbo North whether it would not bein good taste to make some public recognition of ibeir services. We think it would !?and do gund in ninny ways." It appears from Into Eng'isl. nnd colonial newspapers thnt lhere nie snell tilings ns trbosts?not thc spectres which appear in Ihe iinngiiiatinn of children iu their bi-d-rnoms? but genuine bona fide ghnsts, wbieb slum themselves befa.ro hundreds (af people. Ko ferring to "tho ghost" thu Sydney Empire says:-"List night tho Inng-tu'kud-of ghost mndo its nppenrnuco at thu Victoria Theatre As n vehicle for its productiaan, the old drnnin nf the Castle Spectre was chosen, nnd was excellently represented. Although.nmuwlint extravagant in plot, thc Castle Spectre pos- sesses nn<\- advantage aaverinnst of thu mode.'., dramas nf tho same school, for thu language is gund and Ibo story interesting. But to re- turn to thu gho-t. The illusion was purled ?beyond our expectations?and lhere cnn bu un doubt that it will bu a source of great pn.fi to tho management. Sn much lins been said in our columns?fnamthe Eng ish press? of this pbcnnmennii, that it is iiniii-ei-ssiiry to give n detailed iic_ount (af it. Snfiioc it to say that a spectral fie:uro walks and moves nbout tbo stage, and 1 lint although pa'pnble nnd distinct to thu sight, it is yet impalpable tn the touch. In endeavoring to seize hold ii|iuii it, thu baud finds un resistance as it passes through tho ghostly figure, lt is truly one ol' thu most nstnundiiig delusions that ever was presented to the present genera- tion." SPEAKING of the now long-missing Pluto the Sydney Morning Herald says :- Tho loss of this unfortunate steamboat is now-pretty certain. Her commander, Captain Bowden, a most .respectable man, well known for many years in connection with this port and New Zealand. has left a wife and seven children entirely unprovided for. We are glad to learn that Captain Norrie and Mr. Richard Hill are endeavoring to raise money in the hope of helping this deserving case of dis- tress. At the office of this journal, also, donations will be thankfully received " 