MELBOURNE NEWS. (Argus.) The offence of slaughtering cattle on premises which were not a licensed abattoir was dealt with at the Richmond Police Court on Monday. The offender was William Mathews, a butcher, of Simpson's Road, who was summoned by the local inspector of nuisances, for that he slaughtered two sheep and a lamb on his own premises a few days since. The charge was held by the Bench to be fully proved, and Mathews was fined £5, with the alternative of going to gaol for twenty days. The Melbourne Licensed Victuallers' Society held their monthly meeting on "Wednesday night. Mr. II. D. Brown, the president, who was in-the chair, proposed the following resolution, which was carried unanimously " That a deputation from the committee wait upon the Chief Secre tary and the Minister of Lands, to solicit a grant of land for the erection of an asylum for decayed members of the trade, and the erection of a school for the orphans and destitute children cf deceased members,'as in London." This benevolent pro ject deserves to be favorably received, as licensed victuallers are liberal contributors to the public charities. . - : New i colors ore to be presented to Her Majesty's 50th Regiment on- Wednesday after noon, at three o'clock, on boardthe Himalaya. \- ? ; ' ' CAge.y . ,, An offer of £105 10s wasoh Wednesdaymade to the lion, the Treasurer for the unsold balance of the debentures tendered for on Tuesday-the por tion then remaining unallotted being £125,430. The proposition was declined. Considerable anxiety, is felt to know what course the Govern ment, propose pursuing . with respect to these bonds; . ' A match has to a certain extent been arranged for the first Saturday in April next, . between Barwon, the winner of the Champion Race, and Mr. Hurtle Fisher's filly, Rose of Denmark; weight for age, for £1,000 a-side, £100 forfeit. Should the event not be scratched in the mean time, through one of the horses being withdrawn, it will, in all probability, induce a considerable amount of speculation as to the result. . . . A meeting of the Victorian cricketers was held on Wednesday afternoon, at Marshall's Hotel, Swanston-street, for the purpose of appoint ing an intercolonial and international match committee to make arrangements for the various matches to come off this season. Dr. Campbell occupied the chair, and there was a large attend ance. After some discussion, with reference to the cricketers forming themselves into an associa tion, as has been done in Sydney, the following gentlemen were elected by ballot as the members of the committee Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. Hamilton, Haines, Biddle, Clarke, Wardill, Wray, Woolley, Fraser, C. F. Cameron, Hipwell, Lavater, Bagot, C. S. Harley, Shiels, Mortimer, Hammersly, Younghusband, Develin, and Hand field. — [The Argus says no definite action was taken.] DARING BURGLARY. — At an early hour on Tues day morning some thieves effected an entrance into the store of Messrs. Dickson and Forsyth, in Armstrong- street, by cutting through the side of of the weatherboard building. The hole cut in the weatherboards was large enough to admit the body of a man, and was quite close to the bed room of Mr. Moss, who resides in the adjoining house, and, strange to say, he heard no noise whatever. The rascals carried away eight 22-lb boxes of tobacco, valued at over £40. — Ballarat Star, 4th November. CHINESE WITNESSES AND THIEVES. — Ah Cheung, the Chinese gold-stealer, who has been brought up repeatedly at the Talbot Police Court and remanded, was yesterday sentenced to one month's imprisonment. On Saturday, the refrac tory witness, Ching Moon, who on Thursday refused to take an oath, consented to be sworn by blowing out a match, but gave his evidence in such a manner as to render it worthless. He received a richly-merited punishment of forty-eight hours' imprisonment. The sentence of one month's im prisonment imposed on Ah Cheung appeared to be remarkably lenient. The crime of pilfering gold from the claims of miners should be most severely punished, and a sentence of six months would have the effect of frightening the Chinese thieves, and deterring them from committing such acts of depredation. Gold-stealing is a practice at which they are particularly expert, and they seem to think lightly of so short a term of incar ceration as one month. — Talbot Leader , 3rd November. ARCHER, the Sydney Champion race horse, left Ballarat for Melbourne on Tuesday. He has somewhat improved in appearance, but it is con sidered extremely questionable if he will ever be himself again. — Age. THE ARROW AND MOLYNEUX RIVERS. — The Invercargill Times, of the 26th ult., says :— "The latest intelligence from the Arrow reports the Arrow to have risen considerably, washing away some small dams, but not doing very serious damage. The pioneer miner Fox is stated to have already made tracks for the west, on the steps of Dr. Hector. The Molyneux has risen consider ably, and all work on its banks has been sus pended." ACCIDENT TO THE GHOST. — Up-country roads and ricketty bridges have proved too much for the Polytechnic Ghost. As our readers are aware, a large sheet of plate glass forms the chief part of the apparatus with which the optical illusion is effected. After appearing in Castlemaine, Mr. Merlin look his Ghost and the Wizard to Kyneton ; they then visited Daylesford and Guildford. On all these journeys the ghostly glass was packed most carefully ; still it received very severe shakings. At length Mr. Merlin and Professor Schiller attempted to reach Yandoit. The heavy rains had reduced the roads to a condition which is better imagined than described. A certain creek had to be passed. The vehicle containing the precious paraphernalia was dragged through the mire with great difficulty. While on the rough bridge, and in attempting to get it over, the jolting was so severe that the large sheet of glass was reduced to what Paddy would describe as "smithereens," and the Professor's "Magic Table" and other goods and chattels were reduced to small atoms. Mr. Merlin's loss by this accident will be rather heavy. It is a wonder the vehicle was not capsized bodily into the creek. — M. A. Mail, 2nd November. A FATAL ACCIDENT happened at the Malakoff, on Monday evening, whereby a lad named Renni son, between six and seven years of age, came to his death. It appears that an Italian puddler, named Manuel Silva, being much annoyed by goats, made up his mind to shoot a few of them. After leaving off work that evening, he saw a young billy goat standing on a felled tree ; he fired at it with a double-barrelled gun, and shot the goat through the ear. The bullet then tra velled 340 yards, to where the boy was at work with his father, in their garden. The ball passed through the poor boy's skull into the brain. Silva sent a man on horseback to Landsborough, for Dr. Brisbane, who was soon in attendance, but the sufferer was beyond medical aid. Silva then surrendered himself to the police. Mr. Warden Alley held an inquest on Tuesday, when the above facts were proved. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," and Silva was discharged. — Geelong Advertizer. 