ne^s of ;.^he w|si:0 ? ii ??: '-' ''.' ? v^T ? : — ? -V' There is ho' foundation, for a statement made by the Ballaarat Tribune that his Excellency Sir HeZMT Barkly intends to go to England by the Great Britain.. It, is, truenras-stated ^by ^the - Tribune, th9fc:CaptamTiminin(8.ha'8enga'ge4 caSins; in that vesselbut for membersof his 5-wn- -family s: We understand that ifi is .he intention 01 Mr : . -J.: V. Brooke to. return shortly to this couratry.' It is no secret that his success, though consider-, able in the provineeo, was by no means equal to the expectations of .one whp.had caused, a,dr amatic. sensation oil hia first 'appearance' on' London 'boards, - A! few years had worked- - a mighty change- on ?dramatic; -criticism, and public ftatfte,... Something of . the. spirit .of the pre:RaffaelIite painters had been infused into thV'dra'matip art, \- and people were : turning from- the - traditions of, Garrick ?? and recollections o£ :SiddpnB,7Kemble,;. and the elder Kean— from the togje-of the stately ' schools and the:tatters where PaBsion,' -with rolling eyes, alone held ' sway, . to - more ; simplicity ?' and ? .:? nature. ..Mr. Brooke returned tgvEngland. and\tp, the scene of his former sucoessesat Or,ury Lane, to find Pebhter— a;-!erberus'6f an;1ac'tor,; rejire ? eenting in hisJowii -person three nationalities* in the height of fashion ; speaking Shakespeare in ''. frightful English, 'and' with the accent of a Monsieur TdnsbnV'bufr acting1 him with '& wonder ful nature,. 'truth:, and,, grace. ??:- The day .of ^im passioned. declamation and, old stage, convention- ; ; ' 'alism waVb'ver— in London at' least/ 'Mr Brooke; ' met great success in-some of '-the 'large jtowns,' ; 'wherevhe. had been, a fayoriterfrom his , boyhoo d;; but we, have, reason to, kn.pw.that his--heart,has; always been ;with his' old Australian friends since lie left us; by whom,-nb doubt, he -will- be1 yel-1 oomed. back withv.cordiality.; :,,.: .; ij.,ij-;._^ ! ailjl... We understand that the committee for:thevrer' Kef of flie-sufferihgdotiton spinners of Scotland,, remitted the ^sum of ^55,0 by the Bombay, making a total of £1550 already remitted. We 'helievp that a. further sum of £500 subscribed has yet to ? be collected. ?? ???;? .:?' ? : '?? '' .-''-. ~:''.' j .,.,.. ,.,,iv It is probable that the forthcoming encamp, ; ment at the Barwon will be well attended.; Returns hav* already' been received' ;at the Volunteer Office of 1000 men being prepjarcd-;tp;. '♦?tend, and it is expected that, when the temain \- ?'' '«*turns ars received, this number will be ^g ^*ol400. ; ' ' ? ll ? ., increased^0 **''?? : . : ; ?' ??. ? ; Barnum Bar?Q Munchausen's ghost, j or the '' ? discoverer, of the great ;?ea serpent must be amongst Ss taking notes. The following in the form of a letter to a town contemporary is gravely, going the round of the country press : "I have lately discovered in a stony creek, fifteen miles from Castlemaine, the bodies of three, abor- ines, quite whole, and not wanting in the smallest details, but which are petrified into solid marble. When I first saw them I thought they were actually alive, until on going closer I noticed the eyes. They are in a sitting posture, and the veins, muscles, &c;, may be distinctly traced through what is now a group of stone blocks ; they are in a splendid state of preserva- tion — even the finger nails, teeth, &e.;, are as per- fect as they were 500 years ago. One of them has a stone axe by his side, without any haft. , The writer forgets to mention that the date A.D. .1363 is inscribed in letters of brass on the solid marble. ? \ ' The honorary secretary of the BendigojLiberal Association has sent us the following, as the pro gramme of the principles and objects of jthe So eiety : ' The Bendiao Liberal Association is formed for the 'purpose of securing united action amongst earnest reformers in all matters [relating to the representation of the people in Parliament. j The primary object of the Association will be the-s conservation of the system of manhood suffrage,': and the complete registration of parliamentary Voters. It will be the general object of tlje Asso ciation to secure the return of members tq Parlia-;r ment pledged to support liberal principles, and;' especially such as have given their adhesion to the following programme : — 1. Payment of n|erabers|i 2\. Improved land legislation — securing free select tion and deferred payments. 3. Ihe abolition oi : state aid to religion, 4. The honest administra tion of the Common. Schools Act. 5. A reform in the constitution of the Legislative Council, by the [reduction of the property qualification, both for members and electors ; by provisions for more frequent elections, and by investing the Governor of the colony with power to dissolve the House. 6. The economical expenditure ef public ftudds. 7. The abolition of the export duty upon gold^ 8. The mining interest being of the first importance for the prosperity and continued advancement dt this great country) no person shall be supported by this Association wto will not pledge himself to' use his utmost exertions to bring about sifch mea sures as will further develope that interest!'.; The office-bearers are : — President/ Henry Lee ; Vice \- Presidents, Pi,. O. Smith, M.M.B., andj Joseph Millen; Hon. Treasurer, John M'Intyre,J J.Pi; Hon. Secretary, W. P. Nicholls ; and a fcommit^: tee of thirty. ? ' ? 'i , . ; .. . ? The. Bendigo Advertiser, in mentioning that cotton plants obtained from Brisbane, in j^ueenB land, are now in flower in the Botanic' Gardens at White Hills, Sandhurst, states that the tjeed ob tained from the Melbourne Botanic Garden never came to any good. The director of the garden at ' White Hills is in hopes of being able to raiee some good plants. Theoretically, the seed of the cof-: ton. plant ought to be, and is, considered one that quickly loses its vital force ; but we lately saw eome seeds of three varieties— ^-Sea Island, New Orleans, and Brazilian cotton, the growth; of 1869 or 1860, which had endured the voyage frdm New Orleans and Rio de Janeiro to England, end was thence carried to Melbourne, arriving in NoVem ber, 1862. It was sown by way of experiment. The soil, sandy, hot, and'odry, was by accident never watered except once by a slight thunder shower, yet in about ten days the seed all vege tated freely and strongly. ; . The charge preferred some days ago against a member of the Legislature in hiy local capacity of Chairman of a District Koad Board, has been ac cepted and explained by Mr G-. G. Morton, mom ber for llipon. and iiampden, and ex- Chairman of the Ballnm-at District Road Board. At a meeting of that Board, on i?r.;.day, & Btaloment of facts lw tha Finance Committee, at tha instance of Mr 'Morton, waa submitted, siiowin^ the manner in which the honorable gentleiueii.r.s lato chaiirraan, has dealt with the c-*vitractur'B ciepesitB, i:nd Mr Morton ia there exonerated ; 'out it v/ill be seen that the comitiifct6e admit that 'jthe manner in .?which ?.the^transfer ^pf 'the./mone.ys :6i ... ihe contract tbra'--iiepo8if ^ccbunthas been cbndticted has no'-' been business-like, and while they regret that on both sides a certain amount of remissnesa is ob servable, they would at the same time state that th'e^r¥sulf has not been injurious to the public/' 3^t'~|s not'Burpri8ing''that?public (suspicion should be'aro'u'8e'd','whan'it'is admitted that the chairman of a pubJic board has had public moneys placed to: what is ?' virtually 'arp rivate account', albeit even ' though it be urged, that it-is for public convenience; It seems to'1- have beeifthe practice of the bdard| and a most objectionableone, during MrMorton's 'cKaumaniMpi^ : tractors as' a guarantee' ibr '-perfofmance jb'f works' Mbia^eparat^ bankihgaccoiintr. infthe! cKairrnari'3' name, and on completion of, the works, th(e. con tractors were paid by- cheque vfr6m tKe chairman., Wneri Mr'Mo^toh-retived- from-' the chairmanship' in .November ;la8t,.;there.was,a balance due by him: of £268 6s. 6d, which :he, did not .immediately, re-, fund' ' because' 'there' was ' a disputed item; of £7, Mr- Morton-having1 been' cKiirged£100;When' he only -received.; £93c.on-.- the contractor's .ttccount. As ta, matter oi ?? lionor..;b,etw-een, a .chairman and a board, ohe'wbuld imaging tlieJ ' Settlement of dis-' pitted items -oiight: to have :be6ii 'an affairj subse quent to the drawing of a cheque the moment the chairman's duties were officially at an end. The fact that items could, be open to .dispute; proves theimpropriety of any ; kind'^f private accounts connected- .with ;, the, ; administration oi \ public funds. . ? ' . -.-.?;? ? .1 *?. ?'?' .: ,-;:??' -.:.rf ' ',?: ''.;-? i ?? ; ;.!;i- ,. i ,?''? ? :\ I ?-'?? ? v ; t The. Geelpng Exhibition at, the Mechanics' In stitute ''closed ! on Saturdays after °a' ' rho moderately successful run of six r weeks.' Jt.cis stated . . that ; ...upwards :.pi , £60,0 have beenjaken a8 admissioDf money ''and ,fori the sale ofj 'cata-/ lo'gues.;-;:'u '; ''''''':'' 'jV' 'l::j-''-'~'- '????.-- i:.i!i^-| ~i\i i'.y. The ' vacancy in; the :AustraliM steani1 pa^sen-' ger .service,; ?caused (by ; the, Iobs. of : the Royal : .Charter r is jabo.'ut, to ' be .filled., up.. W,e . take . the., fpliowihs from the Bristol1' Post ;— {V'0ur. !fell6w'-i ' citizen Mr ! Patters'orii' -the emit/ erit ship'-b; uilder, hasfjustibeenientrustedwithr^an'i extensive .order, from Messrs James. Baines, and.Cp., the j(roprie 'tb'rs .of ' the ?'weil-Hnown^'Biackt(ali' line of Aus tralian7 packets/ of which trie Great Britain! whose .continued: successful- passages;tp M,elbpju;.neeyery.; Bristolian must look upon with pride, ' is the principal ship. Mess s Baines and Co. having purchased a large iron steamer named the Jacquard, of Havre, recently engaged in; the French transport service, she has been sent round to this port from Liverpool to be lengthened, thoroughly overhauled, and refitted by Messrs Patterson and Son. The Jacquardiis now ayesael of very large size, being 1700 tons register, and her tonnage will be increased to 2100 tons, and her length to 300 feet. She will be supplied with new and powerful engines by Messrs ^Fawcett, Preston, and Co., of Liverpool, -will he fitted with new masts and rigging, the lower abd top masts as well as the yards beuig of ii on,' and it is ex pected that the alterations to be made in her' will occupy aboutfoUr nibnths. When finished, she will be one of the most complete, handsomest, and finest steamers that ^ have ever left this port. She is intendedvfprth^ Australian' trade, to run: alternately %ithrthe Great Britain, 'doubtless to supply the vacancy occaaioned by the loss of the Royal Charter.'-'.; .; ;' ;; /':' ? /??:',-?; ''.-.'; - ;- Mr W.^Stitt Jenkins/ not cont'enl; with the publicity -----whiet;,h^ colony, ibrwards to tiieneading English j jtunals. for ' perueal and kind insertion'; some lines writton on the i appeal of 'A ^Laiacashire Lad,'.' which had, as ':Ke:- informs his English readers, been sent to Mglbburne^and ; '? were: there posted on; the' walls; andiin: thies; windows, of that great city.' The; Athenfeuni wa also favored v/itji one of Mr. -Jenkins; cirQularsj which ^inay accpum; :fpr:;our cbntempdrary.'s humdrous remarks about Poets Laureate'1 in: general,' 'and the Poet Laureate of 'Vactpria' in particulars-Mr W. Stitt Jenkins, to ^it-jv;- .:;::'; '?'?J'^: _'.- V::-'-/-/ ; ' ?'?. ..':. ?'? ;';-- ?-''';??? j Free and easy notions occasionally prevail as to ?thexrights of property that would almost verity ^Mdnsieur Pruhome's position, that property is iikete '?. -At the Creswiek Pp^ce Court, on Friday, Littld^ai rpad A contractor ; ? was sued; by Birch, a; farmeri? for damage done; by, outting down jrees on the^pla'ititiff' ssf arm. j Mr iLWtle wanted; some, round poSte^ 'ag,d: Mt^rch's'farm, cpnyeriiiBntiy; adjacent, grew theSr 'Mi Little, 'withduf regard to meum and tuum, considered he had a right, no doubt, as 'a- kind- of public functionary, to- help himself. The bench thought Ldifferently,,,and mulcted Mr Little in £2 damages and costs. ' 'An instance something more violent though hardly less' lawless iB- repbrtikdiatl'Ballaafat.1 o : ] A 'man named John.Ruflh— wh^t a, -collocatipa of names for; a puneter— waa arrested on Friday ^vening in, Dawsoh- street, on: a charge i;df threatening J be--' havior to a ; number of persona' who doubted.his authority^ to chop down, fences and smaph pot houses, with..an American', a^e.1' 'WhUe being, secured he° wks so violent that he seizedhold of a: man'p thigh with histeeth, and bit through the trouserB until the blood flowed in prof usiod, . . . After a long.cprrespondence, persistently main tained by the applicant on the one hand, and evasively replied to by the'Board of Land and Works on the other, ,ja; lease of ;1; acre l^roodand 28 percheBof land, on the.south side of the Yarra, near the falls,' haB been promised to' Mr Martelli for the purpose of erecting a paper mill, at a yearly, rental of £5P, with -the use of ; the water in, the river not exceeding 30 cubic feet per; second. As, ' ho wever, thd sluice which would be required to convey the water' from aboVe the falls to the' mill, would have to pa^s along a road at j present under the! control of .the Municipal Council of Emerald Hill,' permission -will be required from the Emerald HU1 authorities before anything can ;bedone. :?.,,;...:......,:.?,?'.-..'..? ? ;- '. ;'.??'-. Captain Maryatt told a humorous story illus trative of the Yankee passion for law' 'evasion. Lav/ ordained in a certain State that dogs should be muzzled, and the ingenious rspublicanB affixed the muzzle not to the heads but to the tails of the lav/ cared for animals. In short the law, thanks to the prencient genius of tho lavz-maker, wufl obeyed ;to ,tho letter but quite curtailed, so to speak, of its E.pirit. Tuirix which 'way we will, v/here7cr tho i-f»nd Act has provided anything, for the public good, we find the name perverse Bpirit at work to set it at naught. At L&niplugh;, in the Talbct district, the boon of freo-graus to tho working miner has been rcadyrei worse than a dead letter through the mib.Tianugom'iat, or worue, of the Lamiiiugh Coininou. Early iu Axigust lnBt,. managers were appointed/: by the: (Mining -Board to administer the trusts create.d by the Land Act of 1862. The letter, spirit^ and intention of the clause of this Act referring to gold- fields-com- mons is tbat the miner should not merely enjoy the advantages of, free grass for cattle adequate to supply his' rising family Vwith dairy produce, but that his rights should5 be protected- against his hitherto implacable enemy, the squatter. But the miners' common has been invaded by all the squatberacy of the neighborhood without let or .hindrance, the managers ^looking quietly on and doin^nbthing— not even 'after' a squatter's shep herd hadJtold the miners, who kicked against the 'injustice^tfiat he had ' prdets r/frbm the. ;superin terideht '-J not tb'ie'aVe a blade of' grass' fdrj a dig-, ger's gdijt oh the^commonv'r Against^this 'scandal- ous abuse .of; the public: trust the miners have 'memorialisei'the Mining ? 'Board,1 praying that Mr Michael' Smith' may be aismisse'd on the ground of non- residence, and Mr iRobert Thomas, through' being imcompetent by. education and exp^rieice: to administei.' ^^ an important public trust. , I ?- ? Further Crown land sales took1 place at Hamil-;1 ton-last week,: when a1 considerable quantity was sold in small £ allotments to ; separate ipurchasers. In the sale, of lands .in. the parish of Kana -Walla, dpuiity 'of Diiiida's, we 'ob'serVe'that ' ' as ' agent : Mr. J.:S. Clarke has again been- a large i: purchaser. Cjn- behalf of , Mr W. Skene he has secured upward of 1700 acres, and abput.the' same qyiantity for Messrs';B.i;and;A.- Austin^' - ;_:l: '' ! ': ' '?' j . . ir;'._ ?_ * TKe monthly meeting oi the Melbourne Anglers' Society - was ? held ; - at-- Marshall's ' ? Hotel, . on Monday^ Lieutenant-.Colonel' Ross L occupied the' oSiair, and about eight or ten members we're pre sent. The 'consideration of the 'time' when, and) place1 where::the;.p'rop6se1d^pic»nic;'8hdul& ..take placeiiwaspoBtpPned till .this, .next meeting.'; Some of jthje, members reported .that the, . season ; liad; been very unfavorable' for angling,' and It jyas.on, this'acobuht thecorisideratibn of ithe'pic-nic^was., ppstponed. t: It was also reported^ Jtha^ a 'great many young' Murray cod had been seqn pn^the upper Yarra, and that, some of ; the' members; of the1 society 'had ?' caught -r ^hem,; but - im-^ mediately, restored, them to ;tiie stream. It was stated, however, as a matter pf regret, that other persons fishing oh the' river had' not acted in such ai discreet- manneE. ,'The Murray cod were des cribed to be very numerous at the mill-iace on' the upper Yarra. A resolution was passed making membeis of the press hon. mem,bers of the society, and the proceedings then | termi nated. I '?'-'?' ?'-'? The Geelong schoolmasters held an adjourned meetine; at the Mechanics' Institute, on Saturday; afternoon, when the committee appointed at the orp-hernV Tnfip.tinf» Tifild on tVip nrfivicniH rfn.v'mih mitted the memorial they were deputed ^o draw: upto Mr Heales. ThiB was unanimously- ,.ap-. proved of and adopted, as expressing the V'iey?B of the' whole body of teachers in the district. ! The chairman,- Mr M'lntosh, was instructed ;to sign the memorial on , behalf of the teachers,! and Jo. forward it to Mr Heales. ; He was also requested to sendcopies of it to those members of|Paflia-r meiit who had assisted in passing the Common Schools: Bill, and to request these gentlemen to co-operate with Mr Heales in ^any steps he might think proper to take, when the Educational Bill came before the Assembly. ' ? - ji In the Assembly, on Tuesday, Mr | Higin-; botham called attention to theT injustice that was done to Brighton, in excluding it from the, postal limits Of the city of Melbourne, theresult of which vras v that ..while letters tj^ Williamstown,! which , was T .withiri : the limit's,' 'were only charged 2dj those'; to Brighton -were charged j double that' rate. Di Evans i replied that tho new Podtal ^BilV^ ; waB ; already'; in type, andj would in the course of a few days be laid upon the table of the HpUse. He said it was a bill which' would enable the department to make considerable altera tions in 'the postal arrangements, and thai unless they were priapEred to have a uniformiate of post age throughout the colony, they must draw the line somewhere, which in this case had unfor tunately excluded1 Brighton. He said be'desired to; see a unifprm rate of postage throughbut the colony, not exceeding 2d, but before that could beVdcne, they would have to provide for a defi ciehcy iir the postal revenue of £35,000', which ?iwpuld arise therefrom if the number of; letters wls riot increased. j A new induBtry is reported from the 'Hunter .river; wjiipb. will be^more interesting to-beauty thatlove8 adornment, than to the admirers of ripe ^peaches. A Hunter river chemist, according to the Sydney Morning Herald, has discovered a sys tem pf distillation, by which he obtains anjextract frpm'the ' bioBsdinB which haB the property of re mdving freckles', sunburns,, and the irritation' con- sequent upon; t^e bites:pf the moBquitps. J It also prevents, says the histprianTpf thiB new inyentibn, their bite if UBed before they apply their fangs.1 ' ThW increasing popularity of the; Sea Bathing TlnmnnnTr'a' /10¥oV\l t tlVlTM nnt1 O+! , Qart/^ VI A C*£± tVlllof Via.' highly gratifying.to all;whp sfudy pr value publip health.^The number of bathers this season is con siderably in excess of any ' corresponding period of its hifltory~especially during the : three first days of this month— nearly . 30,00 persona haying patronised this sanitary institution. '.' . '. ! '.'' ,T Some fifteen or sixteen rules nisi have been '6b-. tained within the. last' few' dayB, grahteB at the instance of : Messrs -Klingender,' Gharsley :: '. and Liddle,. for, whom , the. Minister of Jusfipe ap peared, prohibiting Mr Rede, the Sheriil at ' Gee loiig, and others, from all ! proceedings - to' decide :by a jury as to who are : thei olaimants Of certain' portions of land selected under, the rqcentj regula tions of tho Land Act in the Geelong distriot,' The rules are returnable about the end of ' March. The grounds: submitted. were that ; where there were more than two applicants for land. and the question was decided by lot, the parties could not after wards call upon the Sheriff to summon a jury and adjudicate. Such at least was Mr Wood's argument. , ; The question of the Governor's right to lay on the table of the Assembly meBsagei?. otherwise than by one of his Executive Council, or, a mem ber of the Houae, was the subject of a debate which' occupied tho Assembly 'ftom .'the hour pf adjournment-^seven p.m. on Tuesday ; evening— until a late hour on Wednesday morning, when a motion by Mr Ireland for a select committee to inquire into the oubjeot v/v,a carried by a majority of 32 to 10. All real argument on tho question waa terminated at «n early hour by Mr Higinbotham, who cleevly showed that by tlio standing orders oi ? the{ Assembly, bis Excellency had this right. The 'larger questions respecting the Governors constitutional relations to the. House* and the expediency of his having -this right, he submitted were not before the House, -as they did not appear,, on . the face' of the resolution. The various members of the Ministry . persisted in pressing these considerations, and. as Messrs Ireland, Lalor, and Aspin all, whose names were proposed on the committee., had .already, in the course of the debatej' prejudged t^ question in a manner adverse to his . Excellency ,: Mr Heales, who coincided w«th Mr Higinbotham in opinion, and had received no notice from Mr Ireland that his hamie ' would' appear 'on ' the committee, . de Iclined'l to -allow, it-' to remain '; 'there. ' ' Mr Verdon took the same cou-$e, and- the Governmeni,1 A after numerous motions from the Opposition'^-for ^'adjournment; ^to permit of; £ the thorough discussion .pf , the- ..question, were compelled to omit these names, and ?substi- tute- for them the names of Dr Evans and; Mr Mpl lison, who then, in conjunction with Messrs Ire land, , Aepinall, .Lalor, Howard, and; Nicholson (all on the Government 'side of the ; HouBe)' formed thie! cbmmittee directed to repbirt on the' Subject. The intentions of the Government,1 withlregard to this committee were thus foiled. .Ijts .report can ; have rid weight 'with the' Housei and the whole '?''? 4tiestion-';:-'wili-1 have' to be ^re-argued again and more completely. -. In: fact, its- appoint ment, (as. amended by the witharawalfof Mr Heales and Mr1 Verdon from it) resulted in elici ting oiUy laughter' from both sides of the House. A sale of -Crown lands in fee simple wasf held at the:District/Survey Office, Ballaarat^qn ; Tuesday. There ^ wasa briBk competition for the. town lots, but'-'sonie' Valuable' country 'larida ' only* 'brought the upset' price:; for .Others there .was naoiffer, atid for none: was there : any adequate ; cpmpetitioni The proceeds of ^ttie i sale ^amounted to £1690 9s. ' 'We'und^fstari^ that^he chairman of : committees in.' the' Legislative Coun cil, has commenced, an; action against fthe Mel bourne, Railway ;C.ompany for iniuries Bustained in! the cpilisidn which took place in May last, on the: Brighton line. 'Damages have-1 been' laid at £5000- ,.-;; .;.; ?.. : ; ?..-.; .-'? . , -,.; -?..„ ,-.m: ' The 'Victorian newspaper being in difficulties, it is proposed' to form a joint stock company with, a capital of £3000 to earry it on.' 'A ?prospectus has been issued; iia which are the, names of Mr Hugh Glass, iifr Martin,' 'J'.'P.Z' Mr ..Hanifjr, Mr P. Higgiris^ and Mr'D; F. O'Connor, as VprpviBional .directors.:...:, - :?.'?: ...-.^iir;, yi' -:.:?; J.i ?.-v.!- *» 'i '?-'- ,, A Brigade Order was issued; on Wednesday from . tlie Voliinteer pfficej containing the arr ^^ai-gements made for the conveyance1 of the- Vdlunteer force and/their baggage tol the ? encampment: i at the Barwon,' ' ;The, Colonel Cprnmandmgi : Volun teers and' 'several' officers' ot ''*1ub' ^'taff have visited^ 'Geelong 'several time8,rinorvderi;to make tjie necessary, arrangements. (..The, i site /'for the camp hasrj)een fixed pn the gentle slope(balow the eastern, side 'of the Botanical Gardens. ' The right of the'1 camp5 will rest 'ori an enclosed 'paddock, ; placed; at. Jhe disposal of the .^?dthpritig? for the cayaky. by Mr Cowie ;., while. LieutenantrColonel Rede', with the' 'assiatkiice ' 'oi'''tW 'Mayor, has undertaken to clear the ground of broken bottles, bones,. an'ds other, rubbish.j; } The c^mpx is not placed in a position with a, view, to defence, but has been selected 'as lthe'Jmdst con venient1, site . : for. . the/ ; purpose. - On; Tues day, Colonel Anderson, . - accompanied by Lieuteharii;- Colonel Scratchley, of the Royal En gineers, ? arrived -in Geelong front Melbourne, to give directions connected withXome of the opera tions. The grand field day will be on Friday, the 13th irist. , on the ground extending between the banks of the Barwon and ' Moorabool, from Leyien's Bridge up toFyansfprd.; Application has been made for the use of the reserve attached , to the Orphan Asylum, where his Excellency and staff will take up position for viewing the opera tions. From this spot, commanding, as it does a full view of the valleys of both riyere, the public will have a splendid position to see the sham fighting, , - The Ballaarat authorities haye been making an onslaught against Sunday traders. On 'TueBday several barbers, butchers and tobacconists were summoned by the police. The Act under whioh the complaints were brought left the police magis trate no option but to inflict a penalty of £5, and hot wishing to mulct the deferidaflts in this sum, he couriselledthe withdrawal of : the complaints on the defendants, paying, i5s posts, ,, to. which they readily agreed. .' ' ' ;l' '''.' ?The recent extremely warm' weather1 -has been / very prejudicial to health, and productive of mortality among the infantile portion of the com munity. 'Oh M6tidaythe: deaths1 6f;ten children ;were;; registered, att Ballaarat, all pf ;whpm were under eighteen months, pid..! The causes. of death were diarfhoba'and dysenteryi ( '. '-f ??'???--'- ''' Tte ;c6ilisi6n case' of 'the Kembla and' Hunter 'Bteamers still excites great ?? interest; in aSydney. The -.journals^ are. \ iialf'., filled- , with the lengthy .evidence taken by the Steam 'Navigation Board', which is illustrated by1 diagrams. The accident, keeping out of view, all ? notions of neglectj.was indeed an extraordinary pne.^Neither fog nor.storm brought the, Kembla and the Hunter into collision. * The night was clear ;'!the° sea was 'comparatively calm; the two ! veosels distinctly saw each other; when they were atleaBtsix miles apart; nnd they Bteamed for at' least' twenty minutes before they crashed' together. It'iB mani fest, then,: that the -disaster;: was '(th.e_\ result of blundering seamanship, on one side' or tfie other. The board, has pronounced^ judgment 'against the Kembla.'- ? '????: ?-?'??' «'???-.:'???: ''?- .f-:'--'i. The usually quiet Municipal Council ;pf Sand hurst had rather an animated meeting on TueB dayp *7hen the chairmah'B mode of signing the memorial to the Governor came up-fordiicussioni It was, in short, a small, attempt, on the;part of a Government faction to introduce tbeif sectarian politics into the Council. The worthy 'chairman was censured in very bad grammar, and Ihia Ex cellency the Governor will be informed in due course of the bad taste and bad spirit which have crept into the Municipality of Sandhurst;* By a proclamation in the Government Gazette of Tuesday, tha allotments of land remaining unseleoted in the various. agricultural areas are withdrawn from Beleotiou. ?' '?',' '3 We understand that Mr Jnmea Smith has been appointed by the Government to the office of Parliamentary Librarian. The salary io £700 per annum. This, we imagine, will be a more agree able duty than going to England to vindicate tho Exploration Committee, 'T'.' *??'?? .The departure on Saturday afternoon! of the .Red Jacket for Dunedin, with 900 passengers, 'brought an., unusual concourse of persons to the ' Sandridge Pie|. There' were probably ^nearly a ' thousand persons present, the greater number of ;??;?;;???; whbm were ftiendB of those on board.! By far ;the greater nuntber of the passengers appeared to ; ' ;?';? be boMJide diggers, and several had taken their ???.:?'? passages three weeks' ago by the Maupertuisv . The vessel hauled pffthe pier a few minutes after ; ' six o'cXock; amidst the cheers of the assembled r ' spectators. Several other vessels, including the ': CitV 6f Melbourne nnrl -IVo' (^?AiVienWiirflr.; are laid. ; on. for the hew-Eldorado. : . : j Amongst numerous additions of models to the ';',.-. mining section of the Museum added during the . week, is an .interesting American invention, ' presented by- Mr Bland, for fixing the iron , , ... shoes ,on the stamp heads :by a, simple1 conical tenon. This has been tried at Chines, and found to be productive of great saving of time ~ ,. and money. - y .;, ; .... :,... ...-..'. ..?? ?..;? j ' ' ? .-...;.'?. ?:.' A married couple ©nee feU out, as married folki 'will , do, on relative notions of human happiness and .connubial bliss. Putting on the climax of apostrophe, Mr Benedick summed up to his ine ] : briate spouse-^ You was drunk on Minday, you ?\', ??? was drunk on Tuesday, you was drunk yesterday, .; -do you expect to be a perfect hangel on hearth ?' ? Our contemporary, the Border Post, must have i ...-??; notions something like those of the Cockney Bene dick, for thus he illustrates the material, if not the moral progress of Beechworth:-— -« Fifteen men in .a 'happy, state' were counted on Sunday eyen ing between Deep Creek and Beechworth. There . is yet some little trade' to be done round the old . .town.?; ???.?;..??';.' ? -- ?? ????? ????' ; . ; ;?.. ? - There is an opinion common that if Australia is not 'ignorbd' in England, there is a eood deal ;.?;. of English ignorance concerning Australia.. The , Australian and New Zealand Gazette, however, : ;:: takes ome pains, and a good deal of articlemak , ; ing,, to prove to us that a local journal ! is very much in the wrong in saying bo ; that we' are not ? only well known, but highly; appreciated in . the old country, even to acknowledgment! in the aristocratic columns of the Morning Post and . Court Journal. «? 'Victoria not known in Eng land !' exclaims our Anglo-Australian jeontem -? ,. ? porary, -M why, a thief runs across the wofcld from Warwickshire, and finds a Rugby detective quietly waiting at Sandri Jge to inform him he is. ! ?wanted.''^ '???-:' ?' '' '-^v' \ ^..;; :-,', The liveliness with which dry proceedings in some of the up- country courts of justice^ are oc casionally garnished, speaks more of the license than for the taste or notions of dignity of; provin cial bars. These things are doubtless considered witty or humorous, or we should not find them 80 frequently accompanied by' the stenographic cominents'of J 'laughs' and 'laughters.' -It may be a Boeotian nature in a sunny clime, but we must confeBs to a frequent inability! to dis* coyer the point of the numerous jokes and joke' ? letsi1 torts against good (Queen's English, and retorts against good mariners, in which our learned lawyers so often indulge. ' To go'no fur thief back than the case of the railway clerky Murray, at the' 'Ballaarat Police Court, onjFriday, reported elsewhere, but with the legal jokes ' excised, we find the examination of a jwitnesB quite needlessly interrupted by a remark of the prisoner's adviser, that he was ?' with the1 court,' to which prosecutor politely and wittily! retorts, . 'I wish you were out of it.' Here again is another brilliant dialogue, and exchange of com pliments. A witness has deposed that; all the ' items of an account were initialed iby the prisoner. Mr Kabat ;' That is very satisfactory.' Mr Thompson: 'Not at all.' M?Kabat!: 'No, not to you, but it'is very satisfactory to me.' We print dialogue fashion, to show how admirably these things must tend to the improvement and legibility of legal reports. Perhaps provincial at torneys deem it d Id Chesterfield, but at a long dis tance, to pay indirect compliments to tbe official head of the profession in Victoria; but all the sallies of all the police courts cannot come up to .,-..? the. wit and originality of Mr Attorney- General j \- the other evening, on moons and green cheese. Or \- it may be that it is admiration of the brilliant .,?; and'well mannered interruption 'of speakers on ; . their legs which characterises the oratorical watch fulness of an illustrious chief in another Assembly. Be this as it may, the local reporters are the chief offenders in giving publicity to such senseless and impertinent interruptions of public business. . The bi- monthly meetmg of the M'lvbr Cale donian Quartz Mining Company was held on Saturday, at the offices of the company/ Collins' Btreet. The directors' rfeport was read, from ?which it appeared that the late manager, Mr Ross, had declined to give up the books and safe be longing to the company, untiLhe was paid a claim of £85 for salary, he owing the company at the same time £500 for oyerr-due calls. The directors had ofFered. to pay him half his salary,! and to S lace the remainder to the' credit of his account, ut this Mr; Ross declined to do. The result at the meeting on Saturday, was that the directors were authorised to pay Mr Ross's salary I in full, an amendment that, he should not be paid having beenl^st b'ysa'majority of one. The retiring com mittee of management yirere re-elected, and the meeting £dj burned /until Saturday next,; for the : appointment of a new manager. Mr Moule occu '.' pied1 the chair. ,',' ,.:.'.., ,'..?.,''',' ... '?; ';' ; ? The conaeorationi, by the 'Catholic Bishop, of the new CathoHo 'church of St. Joseph's, in Otter . utreet, East Collinprwobd, took place on Sunday, in r the presence of a congregation numbering some five hundred persons. The building is a very unpretending brick structure. Its dimensions are 72 feet by 22 feet, and its cost (including . fittings) is -£900. After* the consecration . the JEtev Mr, Scully* (of Sydney) delivered '.'. a discourse, in the course of which he insisted on , the necessity of combining religious with secular teaching in any efficient system of education. , The muBical service was Haydn's Imperial maas, with the trio, A te prego Madro mio I as an' offerto rium ; tvnd Palestrina's beautiful quartette, Alia . Trinita beata, m place of tbe Benediclus. Madame Testar, and some of the principal vocalists of St. .Francis's choir, were engaged for the oo \- ension, ....... . ? ....... ; ; . .?:?:!? ? i The ' discovery of copper,' which created ao much stir at Portland last week, looks amazingly like the discovery of a mare's neat. Two men brought in some specimens, which they Btatod they had found in a aeoluded spot come distance Heywood, or 'between Bridgewater and Hay wood,' for so it reads in the history of the Port- , land Guardian. Portland forthwith dreamt no end of dreams' of Burra Burras, and cents per cent., and organised an exploration party, which, interrupted by heavy rains on 'Mondayj started on Tuesday, and, as a'result,;lost themselves in ?the :bu3h; or were afraid of doing so, ; without finding the copper. 'We cannot say^' remarks the Guardian1 with a prudent. caution, ' they have yet' found the mineral.'' Did ever anybody read such a cock-and-bull story as the follow ing ?—' The guide of the party was not himself sure of the place, and 'was afraid of getting lost, the country about befog of dense scrub and most difficult of egress. In' fact, we hear from other reliable sources that1 the guide declares positively the party did not reach' the spot ' where he had found: the indications reported. And sojsatisfied does the man appear of the existence of copper ore in the spot where he reported it, that he en gages to go out in a fortnight on his own account with a companion or two, and to make a more extensive search, in which he expresses himself confident he ?will succeed in bringing in sufficient evidence of the existence of copper in the locality described.' We are inclined to suspect that this intelligent guide has been hoaxing the good folks of Portland; perhaps under an attack of :**? hot coppers.' : ?',???? The Geelong Advertiser mentions that a pro ject is on foot for a. whaling expedition in' connec- tion withthat port. A few years since an effort was made to start a whale-fishing company ; but' the capital required being then estimated at twenty thousand pounds, funds to that extent could not be raised, and the 'attempt proved un» aiirknoaaAil 'T+- la nrt-utr +.TinTinpTi£ fVinrfi la a' Tiof.toi* ? opportunity ; for the gold-digging fever jin New Zealand having broken up the whaling establish ments there, one or more of the vessels employed in this trade, and fitted on* with, all tb!e requi sites for the worki are now said to be on |the way to Melbourne, and will be shortly sold.; Under present circumstances, it is considered that a fair start may be made with £4000,! and an1 offer has been made by a gentleman to purchase a ship,, and start her on her first voyage from Gee lohg^ ' ' ???;?''? ' _ ''' ?_ ? ^ / . \\\,_ i ?.'???-? The mania of the Otago press for sensation nuggets is becoming infectious in some of our golden localities. There was some excitement at Talbot a few days ago on the report that one "Bones" had discovered a nugget of 11 lb 3 oz, in White Horse Gully. On inquiry it turns out that Mr Bones and his nugget are pure creatures of the imagination. '? ' But for the knowledge of the incredible things that do happen in this strange country, orie would hesitate to give any credit tothe following extra-t ordinary statement of circumstances reported by the ? Tarrengower Times as having occurred at Maldon. Our contepdporary must havej curious news-gathering machinery, or Maldon must be a very pleasaut place to live in for those accustomed to the reign of law and order : — ' A man;was, on. Wednesday night, at Sandy Creek, savdgely at tacked by two others, who nearly (j settled' their victim, threw him down a hole, and were * covering him up with dirt,' when Mr M'Millan, storekeeper, who had heard smothered cries, came to the rescue, and with assistance secured the two ruffiaiis, bound them- gave information to Mr Inspector Goikin, who refused to have the men ? apprehended. Dr Hardy saw the ill-used man yesterday, and desoribes him as very much cut and bru'sed.' One of the strangest : parts. Of the story is that the doctor who bound the'wounds is himself a magistrate. ? ; We find it announced in the Bendigo Advertiser of Tuesday that 'Mr G.'Gavan Duffy land Mr Anderson, Commissioner of Custsms, arrived in Sandhurst last evening from the station of the former gentleman at Yarraberb.' The chroni cling of ? the visits of Messrs O'Shanassy and Duffy to their various stations up-countrV is now a matter of daily occurrence with our provincial contemporaries. To-day it is'the Chief Secretary on a visit to his station at Deniliqnin, to-morrow it is the President of Lands and Survey on the Loddon, while during every adjournment of the House we find one or both of them making their rounds in. company with Mr Hugh GlaBS. , We are. curious to know how many stations these two gentlemen have in this and the neighboring colo nies. Also, when and how they got them. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Bank of Victoria -was held on Tuesday at the new offices of the battli in Collins street. Mr Henry Miller was in the chair. From the finan cial statement presented to the meeting, it ap peared that the net -profits for the past halt year amounted to £30,069 11s, which, added to the undivided profits up to the 30th June, 1862, ot £1769 19s 6d, made a total of £31,837; 10s 6d. The directors apportioned this as follows: — Dividend, at 10 per cent., £25,000 ; reserve fund, £2500; bank premises current account,1 £2500; leaving £1839 10s 6d of undivided profits to be carried forward. It was stated in the report that the dividend . would be payable on and ' after Wednesday, the 4th February. The report was adopted, and ordered to be printed and circulated amsngst the shareholders. A vote of thanks was passed to the Board of Management, and the pro ceedings shortly-after terminated. ' It is notified by Tuesday's Government! Gazette that wardens have been relieved of the duty of, issuing miners' rights, business licenses, &c;, and of collecting the revenue arisiag from the issue of these documents. Miners' rights, &c;, will in fu- . ture be issued only by receivers and paymasters, and it required in any place where there iB not a receiver and paymaster, by the clerk of petty ses sions in that place. Later intelligence from Auckland, eta Sydney, details the movements of Sir George Grey at the Waikato river, where he was very well received. The old chiefs, Kanawa and Wharepu, main pil lars of the King movement, gave Mb Excellency the most cordial greetinij and friendly reception. Altogether this viBit. augurs well for future peaca. Apropos of the energy displayed by tbe Queensland Government in seizing dutiable goods wheu found crossing the New South Wales frontier, the Sydney Morning Herald of the Slot: returns to the question of tariff conference. Qjeensland is now Illumed for haying broken off trie conference at the lant moment. The Herald thinks that the responsibility of sending delegates, even without a direc*; authority, would lmve been logs than the responsibility of aeiginp; goods upon the frontier! There would still seem therefore to be some faith in the posflibiliy of a conference. The Herald, en' passant, has a hit at the ' dis- courtesy and evasiveness' of Yictoria in the matter, but shows that her interest in the question is small compared with that of Queensland.' The Government at Brisbane has been urged to its course of action, less on the ground of considera tions of revenue than by the solicitations of mer-^ cantile men, who are ' regarding; the . inland trade as a matter of commerce, and as affecting th& business of the port of Brisbane. A Btrip of the southern portion of Queensland is still supplied from Maitland, as it used to be before the separa tion, and as it will continue to be.uhleBS Queens land pushes good roads or cheap tramways into the Darling Downs district. But between New South Wales and Vintoria, the question is mainly one of revenue to the Government. No border arrangements could bring to Sydney the trade of Deniliquin, Balranald^ or Menindie. : 'Nor is,', adds the Herald, 'the western trade of our colony, which Victoria so prizes, a trade of which Sydney has been robbed. It is mainly a new trade * which has risen up within the last, dozen years, which had its origin in the prosperity of Victoria, and has been, fostered by its connec tion with that colony.'; ? A Cast^emaine evening contemporary, chroni cling the presence in a local court of ' quite a galaxy of talent' in the long robe, remarks that 'the result was a series of brilliant flashes of legal wit, very refreshing in these matter-of-fact times.' It is surely churlish, not to say selfish, that he has not illumined his pagea and the world with a single sparkle. . If the tailor does not exactly make men in these parts, he has a good deal to do with martial move ments. A gallant but coatless corps, not farfrem the good town of Ballaarat, sat in Council on Monday .night! Itp determine whether the corps should, or should not go to the approaching Bar won encampment. There was every disposition to show their country their readiness for the field, but there was one fatal difficulty — the authorities had only just 'sent up the tailor to take the measures for the new uniform. The accounts in the; Sydney papers, just re ceived, have reduced the statement reported here as to the mutiny among the convicts on Cockatoo Island, to much smaller proportions. There was a disturbance, and two prisoners were wounded, but by the accidental discharge of a revolver. Order has been restored. Mr G.A.Saint, decorator, of Russell street, Melbourne, died very suddenly at Sydney, on the 29th ult. He had only arrived by the brig Lalla Rookh on the 12th, on a voyage in search of health. He took lodginga at Manly Baach, and while sitting in .the verandah a fit of coughing broke a blood vessel, and he died almost instantly: Among;liis-papers was found a letter written that day to his wife, intended to be forwarded by the steamer, informing her that he was very much better, in health ; that he had been very comfort able, and had taken passage to return to Mel bourne in the brig Sarah. The City Coroner held an inquiry into the cause of his death, when Dr Milford, after examining the body, stated it as his opinion that the immediate cause of death was the rupture of a blood-vessel in a cavity of one of the lungs, resulting from disease of the same. The now famous case of the Queen v. Sim monds was the subject of some discussion, and no little personal excitement, on Thursday. Mr M'Cann asked for a select committee to inquire into, and report the circumstances con nected with the prosecution. Having incidentally remarked that Simmonds was a friend of the At torney-General, that learned personage emphati cally declared that he had never seen the man in his life ; and with some display of temper, various personalities were indulged in with allusions to certain charges at .Geelong, touching the hon. member for South Grant, which that hbn. gentleman declared he was ready to meet at any time. The interposition of Mr Speaker temporarily- restored order, which, how ever, was now and then disturbed. Finally, the motion was negatived. . The Conveyancers Bill wa3 passed by the Legislative Assembly onThnrsdayunder somewhat peculiar circumstances. There was an . amend mendment by Mr Mollison, that it: be con sidered that day six months, and as the supporters of the same . did not come well up to the whip, the Attorney-General displayed a little ingenuity .in speaking against time. At the end oi his speech it was seen that the opponents of the measure were still in a minority, and Mr O'Connor, amidst strong marks of disapprobation, unsuccessfully attempted a count, out. A division was called for; and there being no tellers present on behalf of the op ponents, no division was taken, and the amend mentwas therefore negatived. The bill there upon passed. ? , . ; The famous Sunday smuggling hunt that took place at Port Arlington some time ago, Was the occasion of a conversation and explanation in the Assembly; on Thursday. / The. Commissioner of Customs declared that the only grain of truth in the statements of the press ;was the fact that he and Mr Duffy were in Port Arlington on the day referred to; but the Hon. Commissioner almost in the same breath admitted that a search waB made in Mr Calhoun's store, under the authority of the Customs Act. The denial, therefore, amounts to this only, that the two Ministers did not person ally participate in the overhauling of Mr Cal houn's store rooms for illegal strong waters. ? A horse-racing question was discussed by the Legislative Assembly on Thursday. Itwasproposed appropriately enough, by the Ministerial whip, that the House should resolve itself into com mittee to address the Governor to place on the estimates £200 for a Queen's Plate. After several private members had spoken, and the Government being called on for fin expression of views, Mr Haines stated his own individual opinion in favor of the plate, albeit some of his colleagues entertained religioua ob jections to horse-racing. In vain v:as the injus tice utged of voting the money of the country i'or the amusement oi Melbourne ; the hacknied cry about, encouraging the breed of horses prevailed, and the motion waa carried by 21 to 17. A matter of some importance to tho local ship ping interest wa3 brought forward in the Legis lative Assembly on Thursday by Mr Verdon, namely, aa to the want of the menus for the ex Jinotion^ Bayi Mr Anderson admitted that the;expediency of providing a fire engine had already been urged on the Government. The first outlay would be about £2500; and the sum required annually for the maintenance of the establishment, '£300 ; but the Government do not' deem it just to under take a Costly establishment for Melbourne, which, with, equal justice, might be demanded for any up country town; A report from the Harbor Master on the subject has been referred to the Board of Trade. ' . ... ' ? - . There is no immediate prospect of any redistri bution of the Government banking account. Mr Verdon asked the question on Thursday, and also if there was any difficulty in the way of making an alteration of the system. The difficulty, as stated by the Treasurer, is a large cash balance placed as a fixed deposit. This, of course, can be but tem porary, but the Treasurer did not make- any pro mise for the future, and the obvious inference of hia statement is, that Government is not disposed for a ehange. * The Board appointed to inquire into Claims for the discovery of gold-fields is not empowered to carry inquiry further back than 1862. ', The claima of several persons as discoverers of the Jordan diggings jjhaving been urged on Thursday, Dr Evans intimated the intention' of ', ' the Go vernment to ask for powers to go into discoveries prior and subsequent to that year. ' '^ The absence of counsel in cases in vrhich they are retained, especially for the defence of pri soners, is far too frequent. At the Circuit Court at Sandhurst on Wednesday, Michael Hogan wes indicted for stabbing one John O'Shanassy, on the 18th January, on the station' of Mr O'Dea, near Echuca. The prisoner, on being asked fox his defence, stated that he had engaged a lawyer, Mr O'Loughlin, and therefore he had nothing to say. The jury found the prisoner guilty. On being asked the usual question, whether he had anything to say, the prisoner again complained that the lawyer had not appeared for 'him, and that he should have cross-examined the 'witnesses himself if he had not expected him; ' Sentence, six months' - imprisonment with hard labor, A few minutes after the case had been concluded, Mr O'Loughlin came into court and endeavored to excuse himself, by saying that he had misun derstood the Crown Prosecutor, and believed that the trial would not have been called oft ao early. A meeting of gentlemen interested iri the case of the destitute family of the poor man^ M'Neill, was held at the Albion Hotel, on Thursday, and a committee formed to carry out j the benevolent objects of those who inUiated the movement. It was announced ' that the sum of £60 has al ready been subscribed. Mr Lawrence, builder of the new Bank of Victoria ; Mr J. Thomson, No. 2 Orr street, North Melbourne; Mr Alexander Parker, 91 Cremorhe street, Richmond, and other gentlemen, have undertaken the office' 6j collect ing subscriptions for this charity. Subscriptions will be received at the office of this paper. Sir Stuart Donaldson, at an English! agricul tural meeting, discoursing on the qualities of. Australian wool, happily drew from Virgil this lively picture of our clime and country :? — ' Hie ver assiduum, atque alienis mensibus ipstas Bis gravidce peeudes, bis pomis utilis arbos^ Hoec eadem argenti, rivos tsrisque metalla' ; Ostendit venis, atquo auro plurima fliixit/! Which h.e rendered thus,— K Perpetual spring is here, and summer reigns In months beyond her own. The cattle twice Are pregnant ; twice the trees hear usefulfruit; Metallio veins of copper, and white streams Of silver glisten here ; and here no less' - . . The golden ore in richest current flows. / A meeting of the Melbourne Licensed Victual lers' Association waB held on Wednesday, in the Adam and Eve Hotel, for the purpose of pre senting a memorial to Detective Charles Black, for his skill and the effective discharge of his duties as a detective officer of police, in 'capturing two noted thieves named George W. Chester and James BaviBtock, who had stolen property to the value of over four hundred pounds ]from the houses of Messrs William Tilke, John Gisby, Wil liam Brandt, and William Evans, members of the association. The President, Mr Cooper;'. occupied the chair. The chairman, with a few appropriate remarks, presented Mr Black with the memorial, which was Bigned by himself, the vice-president, and secretary of the association, and also w^th apurse of sovereigns, the gift of the members. Mr Black in accepting the presents, thanked the rrieeting for the honor that had been conferred upon him, and trusted that so long as he continued in' the force, he would be able to discharge his duties through the able guidance of his superior officer, to the satisfaction of the department, and of the general public. He requested that, in accordance with, the rules in the force, the Chief Commissioner should be made acquainted with the presents which had been made to him, so that he might be able to receive them with hiB entire concurrence. That request, the chairman assured him,' would be complied with. Mr Black's health was then drunk with all the honors. Various other appropriate toasts followed. . ( The Talbot Leader states that forty -two busi ness persons and miners from Inglewood, Bal laarat, and Talbot, whose individual wealth ranges from £4000 to £15,000, have taken passage for England by the Agincourt. : A curious complaint in the administration of justice is made by the Daylesford Express. The Daylesford public have not been suffering as in other places from magistrates who neglect their duties, but ftom the want of proper .forms for issuing police court summonses. The Express states that a tradesman who had several aum monseH to issue and could not gat any forms to fill up, had to go to the cost of having a num ber of fonas printed for his own use. The second aunual meeting of the '' Soci^te Franchise de Seco-urs' took place on Tuesday evening in tho Protestant Hall. ? The French. Consul, as president of the society, occupied the ohaiv, and rend the annual report. He.st&tedthat; the Imperial Government had much, approved of thia society, -;nd pointed it out in the 2-Itmiteur as a very good example for others to folio. w. Three br.mch focietius havo been established tliis year in the interior of Victoria, and contributions have been already received from them. The-ixan. secre tary and treasurer then produced the r.ceounta. Ther« h-.d I'oen during the p:\st yeav thirteen ap plicants for relief, eleven of whom had received help at the hnnds of the society. The balanca shows a suta sufficient to provide for auy emer ftenov. ' ^ / ? _ ^_ ^ ? The editor who descends from the imperial *' We' ia naturally expected to hemodest, and, like Dr Pangloss, on his own merits -dumb. Mr JameB Smith, therefore, modeBtly, in his editorial valediction, in Thursday's Punch, only compares Punch of Collins street to the Punch of London. His own seven yearB' labor in thejpromulgation of Bound political principles— to abbreviate: slightly the autobiographical summary— in pointing out new channels of industry, in facilitating, the development of our resources, in the correction pf . our social errors, and the doctoring of us to a. healthy taste for the drama and the line arts, not, jjhrough the pages of Melbourne Punch, only, but iri'not less than twenty journals in Victoria, New South! Wales, South Australia, andNew Zealand, is all he ventures, as a very modest man, to rer \- wind Victoria for Victoria's gratitude. ; We can only congratulate Mr Smith on Mb retirement to « associations more congenial to the habits of a ,.','??,'. studious man.' . ? ',' ?.'.'J. ?.''.''.' '.,....,-'??, !-.????? ?:- We observe from complaints in the,New South Wales journals, that the squatters, especially in the Southern districts/ are trying what they can dp to injure the free selectors by means of the Impounding law. The Sydney Morning- Herald draws conclusions complimentary to its own Bftgacitv in predicting such a result from the open ing up'of the country to agricultural industry. ' . Restriction it holds to be far better than wrangling ? and revenge, and the Herald now.1 comesiforward in the novel character of the poor man's friend. It is sad to think of the tears of the1 Sydney broadsheet, for impounded free selectors. To judge, however, from the iamentattoris; of this organ of pastoral peace, a stranger might' imagine .squatters to be the reverse of the pastoral charac ter, and New South Wales a land without either ! jlaw or justice. ??'?-?:???'-???? ?'?? ?;' - ? J-'- ' '.,..,,.?.:?, , 