ADELAIDE. Thursday, 7 p.m. In consequence of the arrival of the mail, and the prevalence of influenza, the Assembly adjourned yesterday until Tuesday next. A man named Britten, an insolvent draper, has been addressing an open air meeting, denouncing his larger creditors. There was a good attendance at the steeplechase and the weather kept very fine. Formby's Gay Lad first ; Cadger second ; West Burnie third. His Excellency the Governor has received a commission from home, giving him authority over the Northern territory-, to adminisper its government, and sell the land?. (.^irTfacHOor, UNION -A meeting of Sabbath viz teachers in connection with the Sunday school is a -uns held last night in one of the classrooms of , 5-inch of Arts The meeting was convened to the officers of the Union. The following gentle-. flo the chest Dr Moore, president, Mr. J G. SAvice- president ; Mr. J. Caldwell, treasurer; Ayr W? H Lewis, secretary, It was decided that a snail subscribers and representatives of schools SBre laid on Friday evening, the 25th instant, 5 Le other routine business was inns acted The us vi a" he gun and ended with prayer PRtsiMATiov -A numerous and influential meet ^Kimlimenorthe Jewish community was held 5 s 5 evening, at the Vestry Room, York It woman address was presented to the Rev ii DIMS wduauve of the high esteem in which ¿.hhtldbjhis congregation, and expo sing their Î I emaciation of the valuable services he has ren them as (their spiritual guide. The chair was i tram Mr S Lmanufc!, M.L.A., who after reading An address, presented the Rev gentleman with a «e eftovtrions as an offering in confirmation of SSwrtimcniB contained in the address The Rev. maniac, who was evidently much affected, replied in the impressive and appropriate manner A vote of i.iUhsvug been accorded to the chairman, the " mi Brpmitea, every one present being evidently well satisfied with the nature of the proceedings. ItiiiNTf rns rou NEW ZEALAND-The men morn Siubtiiewho have volunteered for active service, will see by the 61 rence steamer this morning, and on f.,,,, up the harbour the will be detained below Garden Wand to tranship them on board the Char- lotteArdre««, for Auckland. jlriMoncrviEMs PROM NEW SOUTH WALES The Claud Hamilton brings Lieutenant- Colonel Carey, washers and fifty-three rank and file of the 12th Jreinent for in Sydney, and this appears to be the number of military that we shall at present receive from that source From a statement in the Sydney view of the, military force in New South Wales it appears that the whole effective strength there, de dueling sick, daily guards, band and officers' servants, n 193 and taking from that the detachment which suited yesterday) there remains 143. Whether there wellbeing further draft from that number for service view second remains to be seen, but we suspect a hare cot nH that are available "Daily Southern tren, Anesst. 26 Autrui OP Bw>sr*v RAMS of THE DARTMOUTH. Two very beautiful rains have arrived direct from jjEfiavia London They are the elite of the most (inebriated flock in Russia, belonging to M. Pluubert, ifAtmi-nai, Government of Tnurtde, which is known reproduce the finest wool of Russia. Those two teams are consigned to Viol d'Amour IvTEiicoLoMvLltovviNO MATCH -A letter has been »ctivcdfru of the Melbourne Committee, wishing to note whether the Sydney crew come within the de talion of the term " Amateur," as agreed upon by both committees A telegraphic mo sage in the Japan has been dispatched to Melbourne, at the iM lime asking it they have any grounds of objec- tions bay of our men, to reply immediately by the High Our crew (weather permitting) will take lit r first pull in the outrigger this afternoon Feronia. NEFDLFWORH-A very elaborate and Kelly artistic piece of pictorial needlework, represent- ing the "Interpretation of Phiianh's Dream by Joseph," denied and executed by the lady of Mr. IliikreiF, of the Commercial Bank, is now on view at the gaol rv of Mr J R Clarke, of George-street The picture is about five feet each way, and exhibits not oil) vast amount of patient labour, but a good as assistance with the rules of effective contrasting c leaf, There are five figures-the youthful prophet occupying the centre and the shading of the drapery on each is one of the best points in the work in pictures attach tractor it is of course impossible to present the peculiarities of express on which the citizen stances are likely to throw over the features, indeed, this can only be effected in painting by period masters of the art, hence the general pose of the figure is intended to indicate the term allows awakened In this centre, Mrs Harkness has been successful Pharaoh is on a rate ed boat he item bent forward in the attitude of an anxious Lueger, as if to catch every word falling from the lips of Joseph Behind Pharaoh an attendant in paced, the face of this figure being a very good no semblance of the Assj nan cast of features represented in ancient sculpture The figure and face of Joseph are extremely youthful, perhaps too youthful for the Biblical description, wherein it is stated that Joseph "timed himself, changed his raiment, and came in also Pharoah" The attitude is, however, impres are, conveying the idea of that authority which generally proceeds from superior knowledge, and he may be supposed as in the act of utter- ing the injunction to the Egyptian Ruler Now, therefore, let Pharoah look out a man discreet and wise and set him over the land of Egypt ' the two remaining figures are represented Ejattertive and apparently no less interested in the interpreta- tin n than the principal figures, and the grouping is altogether well disposed. The architecture, though not strictly Egyptian, is very beautifully striped, and possesses uniformity, which is one of the most prominent characteristics of that style The picture will be on view for a short time, and we have no doubt this very interesting and creditable score of colonial art will be much admired. Ma REIFI'S CONCERT ON MONDAY NEXT The lalfDted aid very industrious conductor of Mr Lyster's operatic company, who is about to revisit Europe, will give a concert at the Masonic Hall, on Monday) next The programme is one of the most varied, and from the number of artistes who are to the part in it (being all the principals of the com- lady), certain to be the best rendered, given since the last concert by the same corps musicale. The selec- tas are such as to suit every case, including the choicest moi ce aux from the works of Meyerbeer, Rosina, and Donizetti, and also a canzone and valse, from Gounod's new opera of "Faust" Madame Lucy Escott, Mademoiselle Durand, Miss Hodson, and Messrs Squires, Wharton, Farquharson, and F. Lyster are announced as vocalists, and the beneficiare ma Messrs Hall and Hart, as instrumentalists. BIRCH s HOLIDAY TRIP In the language of Mr. Birch, " A train will start from the School of Arts this afternoon, at two o'clock, for a holiday trip." This pleasing entertainment increases in popularity, and will doubtless be fully patronised by the younger members of our community, to whose especial enjoy ML The afternoon is to be devoted. Dim IMA -The d drama of the Holy Land will be finalised at the Church of England school, Pyrmont, tImcTeninr/, and at St. John's school, Darlinghurst, Saturday evening. THE PRINCE! or WALES THEATRE The Prince of Wales Theatre opened with a new company for dramatic [peformance last Monday night under distinguished IttntRgp There was a large house the pit in particular tang densely crowded 'The first piece presented was Boucicault's beautiful domestic play "The Willow wife ', this was brought out with new scenery, was well filed, and in every way very admirably placed upon the "gg The play was followed by the " Bleeding Nun of Lindenberg '-a drama founded upon one of Monk Lewis' Talfs- uitroducing a wonderful ghostly phenomenon" title same description as that shown at the other house. MaiDg the evening the orchestra performed, Mer the direction of Mr Eigensohenok, solos M from Auber, Jullien, Donizetti, and other composers. The Willow Copse," and the ''Bleeding Nun" were in Mad on Tuesday, and on Wednesday the pieces presented ''""Young Husbands, or Mother Carey's Chickens," Mille sensational drama played on the two preceding golf On Thursday, the entertainments provided com races with the drama of the " Chimney Corner," and Minded with the comedy brought out on the previous. uniting the "Ghost" was cleverly burlesqued in an attitude entitled The Haunted Chamber." The same iWormsncee were repeated yesterday evening On Izod 19 the 9th instant, Mr Jefferson, the American actor, once talents were deservedly appreciated during his AT to Sydney) arrived here from Melbourne in the ,5??*.wonga. He is announced as intending to appear "Ula house for the first time this evening in his admirable M characteristic impersonation of " Rip Van Winkle, has LEAF VICTORIA 'THEATRE -On Saturday evening in a performances at this theatre commenced with the J.", wd t (lective drama of the Peep of Day, the after use being the Willow Pattern Plate burlesque On Mon jabber William Put, as the agent for Messrs Pepper and not ?' introduced, with very great success, the singular mu illusion usually known as the Ghost the piece SenT the occasion being the Castle Spectre The two i v creat0'' B Great sensation, and has appeared in A? once to large audiences The apparatus is ted in d,8P,ay or an unlimited variety of apparitions, J, S"' doubtless be placed in requisition for a suo H,.0,1, dramatic pieces, wherein such effects are repeatedly necessary. The Castle Spectre was followed fi Lynd Tuesday nights by the Chinese burlesque, so on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, by Lola Montes season The performances for to-night are The Castle Mitre and Kip Van Winkle. There IP, a " GhOBt" at Yanco for families and parties residing out of town, is limited this s "ÍOH On Monday evening next, with ? instant' a IS announced that an historical tragedy, at the ,.Ellïttona, the Lord of Milan," will be produced item of arE with new scenery, appropriate costumes, ZT.?,? attractive accessories This original dramatic dash.. from the Pen of Mr Edward Reeve, was written _»r,,!meieaT "go, but has never before been issued refers to an interesting and eventful epoch in 