NEWS AND N0TES. The County Court business was disposed of with preter-county-court-rapidity on Saturday, and the Court adjourned sine die. There was a long list, and it was expected that there would be a long sitting, as the judge had intimated his intention to clear off all the business, but instead of a long sitting the whole list was gone through and the Court adjourned in less than an hour. His Honor sat with severe punctuality; parties were not present; and in an almost empty Court house case after case was struck out, with an alacrity that no doubt produced galvanic effects upon the minds of suitors, some of whom were mulcted in costs, as well as losing their suit for the sittings. No doubt, suitors ought to mind their business and be on the spot and on the look out, but we question the propriety of such off hand work, when we remember that the judge himself, is not invariably at his post in time, and that the names of persons are often not called in an intelligible way by the constable who may happen for the moment to be told off for that really, important duty. No fewer than sixteen prisoners have been discharged from the penal department during the last week. Three of these were sentenced in this town to various terms of imprisonment. One, Joseph Hughes, to two years for stealing from a dwelling, is now liberated after serving a year and four months. The second. James Milne, received a similar sentence for a like offence, and he too served but a year and four months of the sentence. The third. John Taylor, for stealing a watch, was sentenced to twelve months imprisonment, and is. now at large having served only eight months of the sentence. A few nights ago a man named Patrick Ward was robbed of a watch while asleep in a stable attachéd to an hotel in Skipton street. It seems that the Navigators Village people, or at least some persons resident in the vicinity, are desirous of giving the locality as bad a réputation as possible for crime and wanton outrage. A few nights ago some rascal placed a sleeper and some stones on the down line of rails, near the Village alluded to, but prompt discovery prevented an accident. The fence near the Lal Lal Station has also been cut on various occasions, and horses placed in the railway reserve at night. " ' *A warrant has been issued for the arrest of a man named Wilson, on a charge of embezzling the moneys of his employer, Mr A. Gordon of Ballarat East. We have received .a copy of the Otago Daily Times by the Gothenburg, but it contains no recent or important mining intelligence. On Saturday evening Sergeant Lamer and Detec tive Officer Hyland effected a very important capture, which we trust will rid Ballarat for a time of some of the thieving scoundrels that now infest the town. It appears that on Friday night the house of Mr Thomas Cox, a shareholder in the Nelson Com pany, at Sebastopol, was entered, when two silver lever watches and a considerable quantity of wearing apparel were stolen therefrom. On Saturday even ing the two officers named proceeded to Clayton's Hil and there arrested four suspicious characters, named Byrnes, Edwards, Campbell, and a fellow known as "Scotty, In the pocket of the latter were found the two watches that were stolen from the residence of Mr' Cox. After taking the prisoners, to. the Eastern lock-up the ofiîcers proceeded to a boarding-house in" Armstrong street, where they discovered the other property stolen from Mr Cox, It appears that the parties arrested stopped at this boarding-house and brought the property there after the robbery. The case will be investigated in court this -day. . In the County Court, on Saturday, an action by Mr Kors, the architect of the new Charlie Napier,, was brought against Mr C. Dyte to recover £173 odd for professional services. The plaintiff was not in court, and the case was held over by consent till the next sittings, the judge suggesting the propriety of a compromise. Photographers are constantly startling us by some novelty in their valuable art, and our advertising columns tell the public of a new method of coloring adopted by Mr A. V. Smith, the photographer, in Bridge Street. On one of the geological charts, mentioned else- where in this day's Star, there is a representation of an old-world cave where were found some bones of animals now extinct on this continent. Mr C. D. H. Aplin, assistant surveyor, explored the cave in 1857. It is situated at the head of the Toolam Toolern Creek, five miles S. by E. from Gisborne, the forma- tion being pliocene tertiary basalt. The gully, close by, is called Bone Cave Ravine. A large mass of bones was discovered there, the remains of living and ex- tinct animals, including the bones of the Diabolus (Sarcophilus) Ursinus, or Tasmanian Devil, of which no specimen exists now on the continent, though the animal is still found in Tasmania. During the past week a ticket of leave has been granted to one Peter Gourie, who, on the 8th May, 1862, at Portland, was sentenced to death for murder, and subsequently had the sentence commuted to im- prisonment for life. The public, we are sure, would wish to ascertain from the authorities why this murderer has been set at large after a year's impri- sonment. On Saturday afternoon the match between Donald and Compton, two cross-country nags, came off on the Dowling Forest Course; the distance being one and a half miles, and the stakes £20. Donald cut out the running from the start, and won easily. On Saturday morning some thieves effected an entrance into the store of Messrs Williams and King, in Armstrong street. Entrance was effected into the building from the right-of-way adjoining the store The thieves carried off property of a miscellaneous description, besides a drawer containing about 4 Pounds worth of coppers. About eight o'clock on Saturday .night some thieves effected an entrance into the house of Mr. A. Kay, in Raglan street, by raising one of the windows. There were two persons in the house at the time, one of whom heard a noise and went with a lighted candle into the bed room, but saw no appearance of the thieves, though it was. discovered that they had carried away the bed clothes from the bed. This is the third time that Mr Kay has been robbed. Smythesdale is announced as a place from which after the 1st day of July, money orders may be obtained and made payable. Smeaton is also announced to have similar privileges. The newly erected United Presbyterian Church in Armstrong street, was opened for divine service on Sunday. Sermons were preached, in the morning by the Rev. Mr Walker, in the afternoon and evening by the Rev. Mr Henderson, of Geelong. The collec tions amounted to £38 16s 6d, and will be devoted towards clearing off the debt on the building. Some Chinese are still pursuing their nefarious practice of vending spurious gold for sale. On Saturday evening one of them sold £25 worth of the spurious metal to Mr Hamilton, of the Plank road. The money was handed over, and the Chinese was about to depart with it, when he was seized and handed over to the police. On Saturday afternoon the celebrated Swiss bearded lady Madame Ghio, with her husband, the Swiss warbler, and their bearded son Esau, made their appearance in the lecture room of the Mechanics' Institute. That the bearded lady and her son, the latter of whom is only nine years of age, are prodigies, there can be no doubt. A glance at the lady herself is sufficient to show the most sceptical the sex to which she belongs, while the lad, as great a curiosity as his mother, is possessed of genuine black whiskers that encircle his chin from ear to ear. On his shoulders and hands he has a coat of hair an inch long and as black as jet. The hirsute appendage of the " lady" is well representéd in the portraits exhibited in the shop windows. She freely converses with the visitors, invites them to feel her whiskers and ascertain that they are genuine, and narrates to them portions of her biography. She states that she is a native of Geneva where she was born in 1831. At eight years of age the down on her face grew to hair. The medical faculty were consulted, but without effect; and in coarse of time she began to be called the "bearded lady." Madame Ghio has been married twice, and has had two children, one of whom is dead. Signor Ghio possesses remarkable powers of imitation, performs upon the cymblas,and imitates a variety of the feathered race. Madame Duret and Mr LeRoy concluded their re-engagement at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when a very "sensational" drama was performed, entitled " The Angel of Midnight ; a Legend of Terror." It was, in truth, a terrible affair, but we suppose not without the bounds of the probable to those who believe in spiritualism, ghosts, and such like " legends of terror." The whole of the company nearly were cast for the play, which was very carefully got up, and was acted with considerable effect. The taking little comedy, "The Soldier's Daughter," concluded the entertainment This evening some new actors are to make the bow in a new piece which ought to be specially attractive to a Ballarat audience. This novelty entitled "The Eureka Stockade," and is a dramatised version of that brief but bloody passage in our local history. One of the new actors the author of the drama, and he informs the public that there is not a line in the play that can objected to as to its sentiment. All the locally historic names who figured in the episode in question will be represented in the play ; Peter Lalor by Mr. J. L. Byers, Sir Charles Hotham by Mr Searle " Great Works" by Mr Wigan, Ryan by Mr Belfield Thonen by Mr Warde, Mrs Thonen by Miss Lockhart, , Vern by Mr Collier, and other characters by other members of the company. Considerable care has been expended in the scenic department, and great effects are promised. The afterpiece is " The Handsome Husband." The mina cantata performed at St Alipius' Roman Catholic church on Sunday last was well attended The Misses Howson and other members of the family gave good service. Mr Deutsch, of Bridge street, lithographer, has completed for the Smythesdale Municipal Council an elegantly illuminated and engrossed address to Her Majesty congratulating her on the marriage of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to the princess Alexandra of Denmark. The work is executed on vellum and is a good specimen of Mr Deutsch's talent in this branch of art. The Police Gazette states that " A warrant has been issued against a man only known as Charles for uttering to Patrick Kennedy, at Melbourne, the 26th May, a valueless cheque purporting to be signed by one Green in favor of a Mr Dougan. The offender is an Englishman, supposed to have been a midshipman belonging to the Anglesea, which sailed some time ago for England. He is 20 years of age 5 feet 2 or 3 inches high, fair complexion, light hair parted in the centre, very little light hair on the face and . face pimpled as if from mosquito bites; wore dark frock coat, lightish trowsers, old-boots, and dark cloth cap with peak.-15th June, 1863." the police appear to have ignored the information afforded the press on the above offence. The Government geological survey under the conduct of Mr Selwyn and his aids is now coming before the public in an instalment of beautifully executed lithographic maps. This instalment consists of a set of thirty-two quarter sheets, in which a large area of country inland and on the coast is mapped in detail. - These show the various geological phenomena, and are illustrated by a vast number of references both to the position and nature of the strata and the general contour of the districts surveyed. The colors are vivid and the marginal references and observations enable the peruser to make of each map a long and interesting study. Neither Ballarat nor Sandhurst-the two leading gold fields-is included in this series, but the area delineated includes Melbourne and suburbs, Geelong, Queenscliff, Castlemaine district, and other places. This' series of valuable maps has been sent to each of the mining surveyors for the use of the public. The circular of Mr Brache, the Superintendent of Mining and Topographical Surveys, which accompanies the maps, informs each surveyor that the maps " are to be posted up in the mining surveyor's office, for the information of the public. The director of mining and geological surveys wishes it to be distinctly understood that these documents are public property, which must be properly accounted for. They belong, in fact, to the public office of the mining surveyor, not to the surveyor himself, and must be left to his successor in office." This is highly: gratifying as a Recognition of a public right, and of the some time " impracticability of mining surveyors in certain matters, but it is also suggestive of the absolute necessity of immediate attention being paid to the providing of some better place for the exposition and safe custody of the muniments of our several mining survey offices. How some of our survey offices can, by any possibility be converted into a fitting place for the exhibition of this splendid series of maps, passes our comprehension; and the notorious insecurity of mining titles at present needs no mention, save that reiteration in such a matter is a virtue, if. a tedious one. We trust that some steps will soon be taken to provide for both these wants, and, in the meantime, we gladly draw public attention to the fact that at the offices of the surveyors there may now be found a larger amount of accurate geológical information, as to the areas delineated, than could previously be obtained. At the weekly meeting of the New Red Streak Company, Creswick, held on Friday evening, the manager reported that in continuing the north drive the company had got into deeper ground, so much so, that it had lost the washdirt, and was now driving in a very hard clay, through which a hole had been sunk about two feet into a fine drift. The manager stated that he had bored eight feet into the same without touching any bottom. He had been obliged to abandon this, on account of the quantity of water that was rising, and had had great difficulty in keeping down the water. He recommended sinking to the depth of about twenty five-feet in the reef, and then driving into the deep ground. It is stated that this will be the deepest sinking yet known in Creswick, and looks well for the prospects of the company. The performances at the Charlie Napier Theatre this evening will be for the benefit of the Ballarat Fire Brigade. The ear and eye sports promise to be of the most charming description. They will commence with the favorite Scottish drama in two acts, entitled " Cramond Brig," in which one of the brigade will sustain the part ot Jock Howieson, the rest of the characters being represented by some of the members of the Howson family, Misses Broughton , Corcoran, and Bush, and Messrs Lewis, Benny and De Conrcey. This will be followed by some dancing on the part of Misses Louise. Bush, and Corcoran, and a song in costume by Mr D. Oliver. The entertainments are to conclude with the burlesque "Camaralzaman and Badoura, or the Peri and the Prince," in which the Howson family will appear in great force. 'Miss Emma Howson is to sustain the character of the prince, Camaralzaman, Miss Clelia Howson as the princess, Badoura assisted by Misses Kate Corcoran, Bush, Vernon, Louise, and Warren. The benefit is to be patronised by the Western Fire Brigade, the Volunteer Rifle Rangers, the Ballarat Troop of the Volunteer Light Horse, the Foresters, and the Odd Fellows. We have already described the "great works" that are intended in the way of a torchlight procession and we have no doubt that the fund for the erection of the bell tower of the Ballarat Fire Brigade will receive through this evening's efforts a most sensible increase. The following information on bets made on the horses entered for the Champion Race on the Dowling Forest Course, we take from Bells Life: " It will be remembered that, after the four-yr-old weights were altered from 9st to 8st 10 lb, the committee of the Victorian Turf Subscription Room met and declared all bets on that race, prior to the alteration of the weights, off. By the February mail from Melbourne, the opinion of Admiral Rous was requested by a gentleman holding a high position on the Victorian turf, and the following reply from the Admiral corroborates the.verdict of the Melbourne Tattersalls :-Rule 10 of betting-'If the parties make the slightest difference in the terms of the engagement, all bets made before the alteration are void. The alteration, therefore, of the weights for four-yr-olds nullifies all previous bets," Bells Life of Saturday reports:-There has been very little doing in the betting world during the past week, the. most prominent features in the world metallic being the support given to Falcon for the Melbourne Cup, and the introduction of Atheling into the tablets of the book-makers. Mr Dowlings chesnut it would seem, has been doing some good things over the Caulfield heath, and hence the betting operations in his favor. In both double events and " right out," Falcon has been backed during the past ten days, the longest price against him being 1O to 1. The young Boiardo, Atheling, has a staunch supporter at 100 to 6, a price which has also been going about New Holland, Camden remains very firm in the Cup betting, at from 6 to 7 to 1, the only horse ahead of him being Archer, about whom 5 to 1 cannot be obtained. Archer's stable companion and late compagnon de voyage. Haidee, is also backed at times at 10 to 1, and that figure has been laid during the past few days against Mormon.: The only other Cup competitors in the market are Toryboy, Musidors, and Shillelagh, whose prices vary from 12 to 1 to 15 to 1. There has been very little doing on the Champion Race since we last alluded to the subject: Archer maintains the pride of place with a firm grasp, and 5 to 2 (not freely offered) and 70 to 60 has been laid between him and. Talleyrand, whilst Zoe seems to be coming when the layers ound open their mouths wide enough. 