THE KING OF DAHOMEY. IN reply to a very offensive letter which appeared in the Jimes last week, the following has been addressed to that journal, and appeared in it yeserdny ;-. , ' i , Sir,- lt. was but a few hours ago that onr attention was called to a communication inserted in your issue of August the 21st, from " An Afrioan," iu which the.writer seeks to impugn and : " oontradiot" the statements of M. Jules Gerard, oontained In your issue of August the 18th. I had read that letter and, as a person of some "experience" and " ocular testimony" upon these matters, I felt that M. Joles Oerard's statements were A manly protest against Dahomey atrocities, and a truthful description of I he feelings of any right-minded man when first brought into oontaot with these barbarities,.which your correspondent seems anxioaa to indoce us to contemplate with acquiescence,'instead of that abhorrence which we have always felt towards them. That your correspondent writes from experienoe and * ocular testimony," no one who knows anything of West African «ociety will for a moment doubt ; onr fear is, that he has had too mnoh experience in these things, otherwise he contd i never have 1 become the defender, or, at least the palliator of enoh practices, much less could he have made the blasphemous com- parison between the immolation of a raman being-, and the i offering np of prayer to God ; - What 1 does the Holy Spirit, from " whom all good counsels and holy thoughts do pro oeed," inspire these Afrioan monarchs to botcher their subjects by the thousand f ' If this is not " the ein" against the Holy Ghost, it comes very near to it. The " African's dilation upon the dignity, honours, and privilèges of tho ."Ocrab" is rather magniloquent and would be somewhat to the point if either his living or dying services were voluntary ; but suçh ls not the case ; from first to last he is a slave,' for we cannot accept the assertion'that he weald not ' snrvive his master if he ooeld." ' The ease of the 4 Ocrab," would also prove that the Africans are not "addioted to the shedding of man'« blood for pleasure sake," if he wera the only victim sacrificed on faners! occasions ; bnt unfortunately he bsanumiroua companions in enfla ing, ranging from units to thousands, according to the rank and wealth of the deceased kingorobief. ' And we have had "ocular''evidence of the hilarity and frantio joy with which these scenes ore .viewed.'' ' '? '.?'.' ? > ?"' ' If,yoor .eorreepondent' had "? confined' his remarks to Dahomey, we should have remained' silent,' as we do not happen to have the honour of a personal acquaintance or a . correspondence' with hie Majesty; hat when "An African" invades the territory of Ashanti, and ol&ims; acquaintance with Qnaooe Duah of Kumasi, it is quite another thing, av we,'top, haipen to "know something ,of. these matters, from personal " experience " and " ocular evidence I" and lt is more than probable that did your cor- respondent correspond arith bis ' royal friend of Knmasi "during the years 1848 and 1849,'that his letters were.rend and answered by ourselves. He refera to the visit Of Sir ..William Winniett, and aurjtes a conversation which took place between his Excellency'and the King of Ashanti whioh has altogether escaped onr memory ; bnt dees " An African " by this insinuate that Sir William wquld not, in order to save human life have given np one or both of bia " epaulettes ?" ' Aa his boat daring his stay in Kumasi, I ni.hesitalingly say that he would have'gladly done so. There are, we believe, bat two "Europeana now alive who were present on that occasion, bnt if your correspondent ia one bi them, we can bot exolsim - " lato what pit thou ssesi from What height lallen , : In short, so inhnman S pleasure did the A shan tees exhibit in tinman torture and mutilations in the presence of, Sir William that ho turned to ourselves and exclnimad, -' Surely they most be devil«." Our pen tufases to state the particulars of thia horrid exhibition. Bnt we should be glad to."know," and we h*vcno doubt that the Christian public , would bo glad to " know," sis well as your correspondent, :that the King of Ashanti ' bas often had the Bible read to him.;" and wo should like to ' know" also, that he has said . v that he should like to be a sou' of the Christian Church ;" bat, without further proof, your correspondent must excuse as if we withhold onr belief. lu coholueion, we would.say, that we have' already con- templated the subject of human saorifioo with painful in- terest aod with abhorrence, and havepersgnally laboured for its abolition, by endeavborlnglo undermine the faith of thoee who are 1 BO mentally poor»' and so morally, depraved, and .we would urge the Christian puMio of England to do the same. . '.'.']. . , Cni.ni.Bi; HILLARD. Wotléjaa Minister. : Brecon, Angast 28. 