'???;- MISCELLANEOUS. The first inside Passenger Mr W. F. Wind baifl had happened to l)e no less a1 personage than the Bishop of Norwich ; but when' his lordship learnt who the coachman was, he positively refused; to :inake good the contract, and immediately ' scratched' himself for the run down. A' GpoB-HATURED Fellow, who was nearly eaten out 61 house and home by th.e: constant' visits of his friends, was one day complaining bitterly of his numerous visitors. ' Shure, and I'll tell you how to ce't fid of 'em;' said an Irishman. ' Pray, how ?' ' Lind money to the poor ones, andbprrow money of tne^rich ones, and naiher sort will 'ever trouble you'again.' A man who squinted; but was unaware of his inr . firmity^had his portrait taken by NichblsoB, and, on being invited to inspect the. performance, said; ' with ' rattier a disappointed airi 'I don't inoW^it seems to me—doea it squint ?'±-' Squint !' replied Nichol- ' eon; 'no more than you do.'—' Really !' well, you know beat, of course y but I declare. I fancied ihere was a queer look about' it!'— Miners' (Pottzville) Journal: , -.^','i !?!.'!, ?.'.'?' '?.,-'^-' .??'.'''?' i'^' ' To' . PRESEEVK . POTA'TOES'. FEOM EoT.— A ; COTreS pondent of ,the \': Scientific American says that he has tried '.''the following method ,of keeping potatoes for four years with complete success, though in some . instances a portion of the tubers were diseased when taken, out of, tho; ground:— l* Dust over the floor of the bin with lime,' and pui in about six or seven inches deep, of ; potatoes, and dust with lime as before./ Put in six or seven inches of potatoes, arid lime again ;? repeat, the operation tall all! are. stored awav. One bushel of lime will do for forty bushels of jpotatoes, thopgh mpre will not hurt them—the lime rattier improving ; the flavor, than otherwise.'' A,iNovEiiST.uMP-PuLi.ER.-rA writer in the Rural Register states that he removed a large stump from, near .his hoUBe in the following manner :— In the fall, with an inch augei, he bored, a hole in the centre of. the, stump ten inches deep, and; into it put ; about half a-pound ,of oil of vitriol, and ;s corked [the hole up tights In ,the spring, the whole/stump, and roots, extending through all their ^ramifications, were so rotten that they were .easily .eradicated..,. This is. .a cheap and easy way of removing akuajiB.f-Americqri . Paper.' . ?.;:o .-.?'?-/;? ? ...' '?;,?:-. -. ?? ?, ?? ..;-r. ?? An Anecdote joe Dean Ramsay.— ^The Rev. Dr. MaCfarlane, late -of Erskine church j . Glasgow, having in company boasted of what he had done in the way of improving his congregation by missionary and other operations, an old lady, who :had. been listening with! much apparent. interest to the enthu siastic diatribe; of the glowing divine, during a short lull in the conversation, very quietly inter posed:the remark— -f Eh, Doctor, but ye hae muckle needtopray for humility.' . ?.....;.: A Clerical Ebbor.— It is said, I know not with , what truth, that the' style of the new Emperor was the result of a clerical error'. In the course of its preparations for constituting the Empire, the Home Office wished the country to take up a word which should be intermediate between. 'President' and ' Emperor,' so the Minister . determined to ? order that France should suddenly- burst into a cry of ' Vive Napoleon 1', and he wrote, . they say, the fol ' lowing order, 'Que le mot d'ordre soit Vive Napo .-, . ? leonJM' The clerk,' they say, mistook the? three notes of admiration for Roman numerals, and in a ' few hours the forty thousand communes .'of ; France, had cried but so obediently for ' Napoleon III.,' that the Government was obliged to adopt the clerk's blunder.-r Kinglake'81 Invasion of the Oremea. The Word 'Garotte.'— In the field of' La Punta, in the Havannah, on the 1st September, 1851, General Lopez was executed by order of the Spanish Government, who had captured him after almost hunting him to death with bloodhounds. The Spanish mode of exeqution, by means of an instru ? merit called the ^arotta^-a strap fastened to the back of a heavy chair, in1 which the: victim is seated to be strangled— was rather fully described in the news papers', as the death': of General Lopez was at that time a subject of; the'' deepest interest. This was probably the first occasion' on1 which the- British public had heard of the garotta, and so great was the fascinatibn of horror implied by the mode of death so described, 'that people took the earliest op portunity of adoptbig the word, and the' verb 'to garotte,'Was found useful to denote a method of1 robbery whioh arose at about the same time, and of which we have unfortunately heard a great deal too \- / muoh ever since. — Aihencsum. . ? Fibb Damp in Gold Mining.— ^One' of the men working in the Rising Star clairn, Creswick road, is' reported to have, been injured by fire damp on Wednesday, but riot dangerously. It is said the damp was met iri opening into the old Rough and Ready Company's workings, and that the man was burned aboiat the arms and head. From the infor mation given to us,it 'appears that, apprehensive of foul airj the men on pricking the old ground pushed forward a lighted candle on the end of a stick, and the candle was immediately extinguished. ' ;'? The mm then returned and got supper, after which they went to the drive again with candles, when an ex plosion took place, and the foremost man was burnt' as'alrbadystated, arid had to be carried out of the' ndue.— -BaUaarat Star, May 23; ' / : The Publishing Firm of Hansard.— Hansard is % well-known name in connection with/ the printing of the British parliamentary records. , The Hansards are most widely knbwri by the reports of the debates in Parliameiit, which are published by them and bear their name. When charges of inconsistency , axe made in, Parliament, they ;are usually verified by a quotation from1 , Hansard, 'ihe accuracy of which la seldom or never disputed. An opinion, in consequence, widely prevails that the Messrs H. retain a corps of parliamentary short-hand ?writers in their service, from whose reports the de bates printed, in their work are prepared. This popular impression is' entirely erroneous. The speeches printed in Hansard are taken in the gross from the London morning newspapers.. 'They are usually sent to the peers or members by whom they ore'Bpokeri for revision and correction, and many : important alterations, expurgations, and additions ate made in the speeches : thus revised, when a epeaker has been led away by the heat of debate, or has, on the other hand, failed to say all that was in his mind when he rose. The convenience, how ever, 'of possessing some record more or less au thentic of parliamentary proceedings, has led the executive Government to take a certain number of. eopiea of Hansard for distribution amongst the . public offices and departments. Many peers and members of Parliament, foreign Governments, and pnblio libraries, also subscribe to this work, which is issued at a certain fixed pried, which the Messrs. H. guarantee, at the commencement of eaoh session, shall »©t bo QjEGeedocl,-- ChamhrB'e $ncyclogcedig% Poetry, Pathos, and Patriotism. — An editor out West, on starting for the war, thus ends his valedic tory to his readers :—' Again we bid you all good byej with a throbbing heart and a tear-dimmed eye, which Heaven grant may soon be dry— and war's fell devastation cease, beneath the pure white wings of peace. Then we , return to home again, o'er winding river, hill, and plain— throw down the glittering sword and spear, and none to harm and none to fear. And one great tomb, in letters fresh, shall bear these words—' Here, lies Secesh.'' ..,.,,. Horace ?; Vernet's Portraiture.— Horace Ver net would: have been invaluable as a deteotive draughtsman ; ; if. he ones had a good lopkat a man, he could, from memory, produce a striking, likeness. It was a happy knack he had,; and Boriiethnes anun: fortunate knack, for, unconsciously, he. would asso ciate certain; people's features with particular acts. If he represented in one battle-piece a soldier flying, with'fear and terror expressed on his countenance, his crayon would, in spite 'of himself,:teaBe .. the familiar features of ; some i well-known personage who had distinguished himself by a laok of pluck ; and in one of his grand pictures, wishing to represent a rapacious; grasping Israelite1, he drew the features of a contemporary, whom many will re,cpgniBe at the first glance. ..; I have said this was . sometimes an. unfortunate . knacky because it has. : occasionally got him into trouble.— Dickens's All tlie Year -Bound. - ; Singulab. Facts in Human Life.— The average length of a lifeis about 28 years. : One quarter die previous to the age of 7 ; one-half before reaching .17; Only 1 of every 1000; persons reaches 10Q years. Only 6 of every 100 reaches the age of 65, and not more than 1 in500 lives, to 80 years;of age. Of the whole population on the globe, it is estimated' that 90,000 die every day, about 3,700 every hour, and 60 every minute, or 1. every second. These losses are more, than counterbalanced by thenum-, her of births. The married are longer lived than the single. The average duration of life in all civilised countries is greater now than in any, an terior period. ; Macaulay, the -distinguished his torian, states that in the year 1685— not an un healthy year— the deaths in England were as 1 to 20 ; but hi 1850, 1 to 40. Dupin, a well known .French writer, 'states that the average duration of life in France, from 1776 to 1843, increased 52 days annually. : The rate of mortality in 1781 was 1 in 29, but ni 1850, 1 in 40. The rich, men live, bn an average; 42 years, but the poor only 30./ : ,v Transmission of Letters. — A curious project ; has been set on foot by M. Faget, of Bordeaux, for , the speedy conveyance of letters between England and France. He. proposes to erect in both countries, at a distance of about 1000 metres from the coasts of Calais and Dover, a . strong edifice of masonry, containing a: steam-engine of sufficient power, by means' of which an immense wheel, twenty-five metres in diameter, may be.made to turn forty times per minute. By- this rotation a series of wires, forming a gigantic strap extending across the '. Chan nel, is to be coiled round the wheel at one end, say at Dover, arid uncoiled at the other, Calais, and conversely. To this strap indiarubber letter-bags are to be attached, which are thus conveyed across theChannelat the rate of 3000 metres per minute, so, that within the space of twelve, minutes, the letters . and despatches from one country may be landed on' the other. The length alone of the strap is sufficient to cause its submersion j and the transmission might be effected in any weather. j. '?-''?- - A Prophecy in Jest.- --The following extract from a burlesque article in the New MpntJdy Magazine for 1821 (vol. ii.), entitled1 ' Specimen of 4 Pro-' speotiye Newspaper, a.d. 4796,' is curious :—' The army, of the Northern States (of America) will take the field against that of the Southern- Provinces early next spring. The principal northern force will corisist of -1,490,000 picked troops. General Con greve's new mechanical cannon was tried last week at the siege of Georgia. It discharged in one hour 1120 ballsi each weighing five hundredweight. The distance of the objects fired at was eleven miles, and so perfect was the engine that the whole of these balls were lodged id the space of twenty feet square.' Asubsequerit article in this«' specimen Btates' that, ',' by means of a new inverition, Dir Clark crossed the Atlantic in seven days.' How little'did the writer anticipate that, in forty years, these to him wild fancies, would be almost realised. It is worth notice that a war between North and South was anticipated,— Notes and Queries. ?;:.-.??..? A Roman Ghost Story.: — One summer evening, when the dusky shadows were deepening in the church; ah ; aged woman was observed to enter and prostrate herself in a dirii corner near the Borghese Chapel. There; as if overcome . by some great emotion, she hid; her face, and prayed and wept; As she looked up from her prayer, she saw beside her a female figure clothed in black, who, looking at her with a sad,arid sympathising gaze, asked why she was weeping so bitterly 1 She ; answered that she was verv boor and wretched, and that 'all her family were dead, and unless the Madonna ' took pity on her, she knew riot what would become of her .; Thereupon the figure in black said : — ' Be of good comfort, you shall be taken care of ; silver and gold have! none, but such as I have I 'give unto you.' As she said these words she drew from her finger a ring with.a large stone in it, gave it to the old Woman, , and disappeared. The next iriornirig the poor creature carried' the ring to a jeweller to sell it. 'The jeweller was struck with its peculiar appearance, and perceiving that'the stone wasa very large and valuable diainond, . which he' suspected must have come into her hands by some unfair means, assured her, in order to obtain time; that he could riot trust ;his own judgment as to its value, arid wished' to consult some other jeweller before fixing thepricehe would pay for it. Meanwhile he advanced her a small sum on account, and told her to call again the next, day. What was her surprise bn returning to find some geridarmes in the shop, who at once arrested her on a charge of stealing, and carried her to ' prison. It seeiried that one ' of the friends to whom the jeweller had shown the ring had recognised it vob' one belonging to the Bor ghese family,' and insisted that the 'prince Bhould at once be infonried of the facts. This was accordingly done, and the prince, 'on seeing it, is said to have been greatly overcomo. On recovering, he declared that it was an old family ring, which he himself had placed on the finger of his wife in her coffin, and it was buried .'with her in tne chapel of Sta. Maria Maggiore ; that it could have been stolen from the tomb was impossible, as the chapel is locked and guarded day arid night ; and not only that the tomb could not have been rifled without its being at onco known, but that even the chapel could not have been entered. ' The only solu tion that remained was, that the figure in black was the princess herself. 'Under these oircumstonces he old woman was at once released, and provided ov by tho prinqo,— Eola di Jtor\ia, By W. W, Stwy ?Ladies' Costume in Russia. — How shall I des cribe their dresses ? :* As my pen cannot do them full justice, I.shall only say ,thatt hey consisted, in some instarices, of flowered damasks of every color ; in others, of velvets which had, some time or other,, cost no end of, money,, and of satin's which doubtless . weie quite the thing some eighty years ago, when Catherine Alexowina II. was Empress. Most of these dresses were trimmed round the edges .with gold fringe or gold borders. Over their shoulders they- wore,shawls of very gay colors ; whilst on their heads they wore handkerchiefs , not very tastefully. arranged. .. This handkerchief ;is a. .new. .feature ..in ; their costume. Formerly the unmarried women had no covering on their , ? heads, . but plaited the hair, and tied the ends with Btriart ^ribands, which., hung gracefully, over, their, , ^ shoul- ders. The married women ; .. wore ' a, sorne thing between a cap and a turban,, concealing their hair entirely. I saw this head dress .afterwards ,. in St. Petersburg, upon a rather pretty nurse, and thought it. extremely becoming. How it would have lookod on an ugly woman, (if there be such a thing) I ; am riot. prepared, to, say/ however, since, the. peasants ;in our , hostess's part of the world have, be- . come free, they have all adopted the handkerchief, fancying that thai costume brought them, somewhat nearer in equality to their superiors in rank., And so the world goes on. Progress is the order of the day, and whether it takes, the form of a six pound franchise,, or a change in a Russian peasant wo man'shead diess, the principle is pretty much the same. — Bentley'i i Miscellany. ' ''. ? Marriage '. and ' its CoNSEQUENOESi— A great deal' of beautiful moonshirie is written about thesanctities of home arid the'sacraments of marriage and birth; I dp not mean to say that ' there is no sanctity and no sabrament. Moonshine is not nothing.' ' It is light-^real, honest, light-^-just as truly as the sun shirie.1 It is sunshine at secondhand. It illuminates, but indistinctly, ^t beautifies, but it does nbtvivify1 or fructify. 'Itxomes,1 indeed,' froin the 'sun, but in too;. roundabout a way to; do the sun's work. ' So,if a,worhan'iB pretty ? nearly sariotified/ before 'SUe'ls married;- wifehood ! and riiotherhoodr inay finish the business-;' but there is not one' riianiri ten 'thousand of the writers aforesaid who would marry a1 vixenj trusting; for the sanctifying influence of in^niage to tone her down to sweetness. A thoughtful; gentle, pure, and elevated' woman, who has ?been accustomed to stand face to face ? with the eternities, will see in her child a soul. If the circumstances of her life leave her leisure and adequaterepose, that soul will be to her a solemn trust, a sabred charge, for which she will give her own soul's life in pledge. ' But, dear me' ! ' how many such women do you suppose there are in your village ? Heaven' forbid that I should- even : appear to be depreciating women ! Do I not know too well their strength^ and their virtue, which1 is their strength? But' stepping out of' idylls and novels.and stepping into American kitchens, is it; not true that the larger part of the1 mothers see- iii theirbabies, or act as if they saw, only babies? And if; there' are three or four or^half a dbzeri of them, as; there generally are,' so iriuchthe -more do they see babies ' whose bodfes monopolise ' the mother's time -'-'to' the! disadvantage' of their 'sbulsi- She' loves ; thein,!' arid she 'works for them day'and night ; but when they are ' ranting and ramping .arid quarrelling, and' torturing her over-tense nerves, she forgets the infinite* arid; applies herself ehergeti- : cally to the finite,- by sending Harry with aground scolding into one corner and SuBy into another, with no light1 thrown upon the point in dispute, no prin ciple settled as a guide in future difficulties* and little discrimination as: to the. relative guilt of the' offenders. But there is no court of appeal before' which Harry and Susy can lay their case in these charming ' happiest days.' Then there'are parents who love their children like wild1 beasts. ' 'It' is' a passionate, bund, instinctive, unreasoning' love. They have no ! more '. intelligent ' discernmerit, when an outside difficulty arises with- respect to their children than a she-bear. : They wax furious over the most richly deserved -punish- ment if inflicted by a teacher's hand*; ; they take the part of their child against ;; legal authority; but, observe, this does riot/prevent them from laying their own ;harids' heavily bri their children. The same' obstinate ignorance i andnarr rowness that are exhibited without exist within also. Folly is folly, abroad; br at hbrirs. A man does not play the foolout-dobrs ! arid act the sage ; in. the house. When the poor child becomes obnoxious, the same unreasoning rage falls upon him, The1 object of a ferocious love is the objeot of an equally' ferocious ariger. It is only he who loves wisely .that ' loves well. The manner in which children's1 tastes' are disregarded, their feelings ignored, and- their Jn .stincts violated is enough to disaffect one with child; hood. They are expected, to Mss all flesh1 that ask therii'to do s'6v v_ They are jerked up into the laps of ?under pain of bread and wuter for a week, when their unerring nature prompts them to hurl out, 'I won't, you hideous old fright!' They are sent out of the room whenever a faschiating bit of scandal' is '? to be rehearsedj packed off to bed just as everybody is settled, down for a charming evening,' bothered about their lessons when their 'play' is fairly; under \ray- and hedged and hampered '? oa' every, side. It is true that all this may be for their5 good; but; my ' dear dolt, what of that ? So everything is forthe good of : gro\vri'-up people'1; :but does that malce us contented ? ' It is doubtless1 for our good in thelbng run that we lose our pbeket books, and break our arms, and catbh a fever, and have our brothers defraud a bank; ' arid our houses burn1 down,' and people steal our umbrellas;' and borrow our books and never return them. ' In fact, we know that upon certain conditions all thirigs; work together for our good, but, riptwithstariding; we find some things a great borp ;,arid we may talk to our children of discipline and health by thehour together, and it will never be ariythiug but ari in tolerable riuisance1 to them to be swooped off to bed by adingy oldriurse,1 just as the people are begin-r nirig to come, and shining 'silk; and floating ?' lace, and odorous, faint flowers are taldng their 'ecstjitio' young souls back' into the golden' days of the good' Haroun al Raschid.— ' Happiest Days,' in tho Atlantic Monthly, for January. ' ' . : ' Gold Frauds.— We. lately alluded to the sale of spurious gold in this , distiiot; We have since; learned that the man wlio sold the gold is only . one'; of a gang, who are at present rather numerous^bbth at Castlemaine and at the Blue Mountain rush., ; Tho, gold is easily detected from the genuine article, os in bulk it would appear to weigh nearly double, tho quantity shown ?when put in tho scalo. Intimation that a quantity of this spurious gold was nr tlio district'Was given by our reporter to. the various gold brokers aonw wooka ngo.— JDayUsford Express,' Mov23. '?;.;..?'? v. ?',./ ,;'/.'','/.-r ':??:. ' 