THE FINALE OF KENSINGTON FAIR. (Spectator.) Like a candle burnt down to the very socket, the last particle of carbon consumed, and the residue beginning to exhale thick and unpleasant odours, so tlie famous International Exhibition is leaving the world in utter exhaustion with the present week. The finale is not in tlie heroic style, by any means ; but it is tolerably truthful, which is more than can be said of the overture. It is little more than six months ago since tlie grand procession of princes, ambassadors, bishops, and ministers swept along the nave of the Exhibition, gathering round the gorgeous piece of upholstery under tlie western dome, and advancing in solemn march through the building to the strains of Meyerbeer's music and Tennyson's verse. Tlie thing was as stately and impressive as gold-laced jackets, scarlet mantles, silks, plush, big drums, clarions, and bagpipes could possibly make it; yet the long rows of toys, crockery-ware, ironmongery, and haberdashery 011 all sides, heaped up to (he very ceiling, told but too plainly the tale of the shop, tlie allpervading sense of which even the presence of a royal duke could not efface. The closing scene was infinitely more honest. Throwing off the ill-fitting cloak of science and high art, in which the ambitious conductors of tlie Great Fair attempted to wrap it, an air of naturalness at last crept into the big store, giving the whole a rather pleasant aspect. For the last two weeks the Great Exhibition was acknowledged to be, what it was in good truth from the commencement, a Bazaar, and buying and selling, bargaining and cheating ran its coursc merrily from one end to the other. The much-vaunted " triumph of industry and art" dissolved itself into tangible sixpenny pieces, and tbc ghost of royal speeches, symphonies, and prize cantatas fled before the sound of the pedlar's hammer, and tlie rattling of silver and copper coin. Romance aside, there is something really comforting to sec that, somehow or other, things always find their level in this nineteenth-century world. Throwing back a retrospective glance over the six moutlily existence of the big shop, strange pictures flit across the scene. First, a crowd of silk-cmbroidercd ladies aud gentlemen, wandering listlessly through the long rows of show- cases, staring at the Armstrong guns, scrutinizing the produce of Sevres, Dresden, aud the Potteries, but reserving their whole admiration for certain bits of crystalled carbon and compounds of alumina and magnesia, which Oriental imagination lias made to be the representatives of immense wealth. Never was golden calf worshipped more assiduously, and with greater ostentation, than before these Oriental fancies iu the great show. The rumour that a little piece of crystal, very superfluous as persona] ornament, and very inferior in beauty to tlie simplest flower in the open field, was worth, a certaiu fabulous sum was sufficient to draw round it swarms of admirers, who seemed never tired to feast their eye upon the thing. Delicate ladies, to whom it appeared fatigue merely to step down from their emblazoned carriages, struggled for hours among a semifrantic multitude, in order to be allowed half-a-minute's worship before the glittering idol; and stately matrons, of Juno-like aspect, did not disdain to have their splendid inoire-autique dresses ruffled, and pel haps torn to picces, as price of the joy of gazing at imaginative boundless wealth. But this throng, the " Upper Ten," passed, and next ou the stage appeared another crowd—a lower Hundred Thousand, less passionate about jewels and old crockery, but given, instead, to admiration of rare and curious things, industrial gimcracks and " lions." The Hundred Thousand found that there were sundry ! attractive objects of this description, among the contents of the big shop, and they lost no time in devoting their whole attention to this new source of gratification. Musical boxes, piping bullfinches, tninature watches, cow-milking machinery, and microscopic inscriptions had to be paraded for many weary months before the eyes of honest shopkeepers, never tired in admiring the beaver-faculty of mankind. At length, however, the Hundred Thousand, too, passed from the stage, and then the veritable people of the Million made their appearance. They did not come to stare and gape at bits of carbon and squeaking musical boxes ; but seemed to have honest intention to learn and improve their knowledge, and while studying the latest phases of mechanical progress, assist in the advancement of the material world. They fared ill, this poor Million ; for the big shop, as they soon found to their cost, was not made for them and theirs. What with " trophies" in the nave, shiploads of merchandise in the galleries, and pyramids of rubbish in the annexes, even the twenty-four acre 3lied was not by far big enough to hold the sixty or seveuty thousaud who demanded entrance day after day, andjwho kept pushing through the narrow passages from mom to eve in wild confusion. Who can forget the horrors of that " popular era" of the Exhibition 1 On all sides, and in all possible attitudes, groups of men, women, and children were seen crouching on the floor, iu a fever heat of excitement, bewildered by the legion of sights, aud half crazy in the protracted at-' tempts to understand the meaning of the whole. Most pitiful to behold were the crowds of small children from factories and charity schools, whom misguided philanthropy had sent to the monster fair. The poor little creatures dragged their tired limbs wearily along, staring in dull amazement at the Babel of things all around, and visibly yearning for a breath of fresli air and a glimpse of houest sunshine. From the experiment made, it seems that it will take time to instil a due admiration for twenty-four acre shops into the rising generation. Itwas a happy relief from all these varied scenes and forms of human misery when came the first of November, aud with it the Bazaar period of the great show; Now the long-struggling elements of the temple of shopocracy got free at last, and everytliing fell into its own natural order. Those who have not visited Captain Fowke's brick palace 011 any of these November days, cannot be said to have seen the International Exhibition. The picture is unique in its way. A thick yellow fog, such as only tlie great metropolis is able to produce, hangs like a huge pall over the whole building, hiding from view the ugly domes and the uglier trophies in the distance. Tlie worshipped Koh-i-noor is gone, and the piping bullfinch, aud the tinted Venus, and other marvels; and in their stead fresh stores of clothes, furs, toys, and watches have arrived, which crowds of visitors are anxious to purchase. It is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon race to seek for souvenirs of anything aud everything under the suti, and, as if in mistrust of what the eyes aud the mind have beheld, to collect tangible tokens of remembrance. The pyramids of Egypt, tlie ruins o£ Rome and the palaces of Venice bear witness to this propensity of British wanderers over the earth, uo less than every public monument aud statue within the three kingdoms. No sooner had the Exlubitiou been turned into a bazaar than this army of souvenir-hunters came flocking into the building, followed by 1111 equally eager host of enthusiastic people with faith iu the process of 'selling off.' The aspect of the big shop thus filled was wonderfully attractive. Here, an elderly lady, with silver spectacles and a lap-dog in her arm, is trying hard to beat down the price of some small bronzes, but the cunning little Frenchman with whom she has to deal, is quite a match for her, and ultimately makes over his goods to the sharp old dame at twice their real value. Somewhat further on a burly paterfamilias carefully examines the crockery goods of a stall in the Zollverein, employing^his little daughter as interpreter in the intending commercial transaction. The flaxen haired Saxon with whom he is dealing understands English perfectly well, but, iu this case, professes not to know a word—his commercial intellect telling him that the bargain, if made at all, must take place by means of the little blue-eyed interpreter, of whose genius aud learning Papa is justly proud. The pantomime ends by Papa carrying off his potteiy, at about three times the price for which he might have purchased it in the Lowtber Arcade. Endless are the scenes of this description which take place in the great Bazaar during the dull November days, when the "triumph of art and industry" has reached its climax. There is a great ainouut of fair- dealing, and a greater amount of cheating and extortion ; but everybody seems happy and contented. A notable fact, strikingly apparent in the finale of Kensington fair, is that, from the very commencement of the show, the foreign portion of the exhibitors seemed to understand the real character of the whole undertaking far better than their British competitors. 'While many of the latter bad prepared elaborate specimens of industry, clearly more out of ambition than in hope of pecuniary reward, the former directed their energy solely to the financial part of the aflair, aiming at nothing so much as selling the greatest possible quantity of their goods. Tliis was peculiarly noticeable in one of the most cliaracteristic departments of the Exhibition, that of household furniture. Gigantic sideboards, full of elaborate carving, chairs and tables of costly workmanship, and mirrors in frames of silver and gold, encumbered the courts devoted to British upholstery, making a grand effect, but offering small hope indeed of commercial remuneration. Further west in the show, Continental industry assumed quite the opposite propor tions. The chairs and tables of Austria, France, and Germany, simplein construction and cheap in price, were cviden tly made to be sold rather than to be looked at; and the consequence was that they were disposed of in immense quantities, to the great profit of their owners. It is stated, on trustworthy authority, that a single exhibitor , from Austria took "orders" for household furniture Ijq th« WWt, Q£ £20,000 j while French and Bohemian glass, crystals, vases, and similar articles, were sold in still greater quantities by foreign dealers. On the other hand, it is generally affirmed that many of the English exhibitors lost considerable sums through their participation in the international fair, by preparing articles more fit to be shown than to be used. To them the Exhibition will be a a lesson which they are not likely soon to forget, and which, it is to be hoped, wiU duly operate in planning any future undertakings of a similar kind. Intrinsically, there is, perhapB, no harm in monster stores of merchandise, piled up in twenty-four acre sheds, and gaped at by some six or seven millions of people in the course of as many months ; but there may be danger iu repeated attempts to excite uuivcrsal admiration, and almost veneration, for such vast collections of material wealth, in an age already tending in a very unwholsome manner to materialism. The worship of bigness, which has come to us from across the Atlantic, and has shown itself for the last ten or twenty years in various forms, none of them pleasant to behold, is a kind of religion which scarcely deserves encouragement, least of all in the sliape of Kensingtonian Bazaars. 