MAN ANE EIS BEASTS. JFHOH ALL THE TE*H HOUND,' JAN.' 8.) The low of animal value is its usefulness," lot to the world in general, but to man. Wo ' f o not keep creatures alive from any weak , ideas of thctr right to existence on their own i «.count, but simply becnuEO they are pleasing to us or profitable-suro to be pleasing when i nprofitable, else they would soon bo put an « nd to-and therefoie to he retained in tho loll-call of animated nature. If cats had J othing to do but to eat rats, and rats had I othing to do but to be eaten by cats-if there ?fceie no baby less spinsters to make domestic 1 cts, or wifeless bachelors who like, to have a fink and stealthy puss softly purring on ihiir knees-we would soon exterminate noth cats and rates, no matter what their own pri- vate views on the subject of individual rights. But tho quality of petablcness being, of itself, B beast's service to man, we retain our breed of tabbies carefully ; and would do so, even if all the rats and mico were to vanish into ghost Innd, if no mock pigs passed through the I (susnpe-mill, and if sabio were as cheap as ' miskin. If cows and horscB had no food or help in , them, should we have them rioting over our / fieldp, or bellowing throughour woods? No 'I hough they weie as harmless as sheep, we i thouin hunt them down as we hunt down | lions and tigers, giudging them every mouth- , iul of meadow-grass or of fresh tree-top, and i jiutting them out of tho way as if they were 1 attirai burßlars or the very pickpockets of ci cation. We say hunt them down like lions , mil tigers; but these, and other furry beasts cf prey, aro in a manner amiably cherished, ' as affording good sport to muscular Indian i Akers .»hen alive, and, pleasant hearthrugs wbtn they are dead. We write sounding' j aragraphs on the ferocity and evil morals ot i these furry beasts of prey, aud seem to con- sider it an awful wrong to humanity that they fhould have ever been developed by tho law of gradual progiess out of the flinty dintomB ; hut we should find a great void if they were f one-those of us, at least, who lovo adven- | ure and live in hot climates. When tho last i cf the lions has fallen before the rifle of some future Jules Górnrd, a " Society for the better relcction of the Felidm" will be started ímme d iatcly, and a few generations of careful breed- ing will secgrnndmamma'stortoiseshcli rapidly »approximating to the Bengal tiger, the leopard, if c chetah, and the puma of past times, to the infinite satisfaction oí the crack shots. Look r(t foxes: of what earthly use arejthey to the ?working world? As neiékbourg, theyiiare troublesome and destructivo; tíiey tob the ^enwifo'B roost and tho farmer s barn-yard ; i their flesh is uneatable ; certainly their fur is cf some marketable value, according to cir inmstances, though not of much worth here in Englnnd ; but the extinction of the tribe would be a day of national mourning, and in the hunting counties you might as well assassinate a man ns slaughter a dog-fox ignobly. This is one instance of the mere 'pleasure of men being sufficient causo for snimnl preservation. On the other hand, i makes, let us say, have no uses beyond sup- ply ing tho Zoological Gardens with objects of curious interest ; so, snakes are killed without ' meroy and vilified without reserve. Who has a good word for them ? Who goes to i hunt them with a flourish of trumpets accom-1 nanying, or a skin preserved and hung up for trophy? No one. Yet if the skin could be made into any kind of useful or ornamental appendage-if the hunting included glory as ?Bell as risk-if, when slain andslaughtered. snakes could bo fricasseed into food, or boiled down into a manufacturing necessity, like hores and hoofs-wo should have snake Innters as we now have lion and fox and boar hunters, and they would be bred with i care to be destioyed with honour. It all de- I pends on the amount of personal capital to I bo got out of anything of the kind whether I men protect' or exterminate. On the banks ' of the Mississippi, where fried rattlesnake or Musical Jack, is by no means an uncommon dish, or one disesteemcd by intelligent palates, and where, consequently, a national depopu-, lation of rattlesnakes would be a heavy local less, they are rarely destroyed out of pure, iralice by the hunters, but only killed, as one I kills cows and fowls, for sake of the roast and, toiled-which is fair slaughter all tho world ever. It is so with everything. Jotting down one's, thoughts ns they arise, and' not earing for te quenco or the relation of the natural orders,. let us take a few examples nearer home. There tie the moles. Why are the poor old fellows I Îuisued, as we pursue them, with such unre e nting ferocity ? Merely because they make < ur lawns and gardens look untidy. Not for i tho salce of their fur, which is sleek and beau-1 .tiful enough for the daintiest wearer ; not for any phosphorus, or gelatine, or albumen, or. ccmazome, that may be in bones or body ; but enly because thoy throw up unsightly tracks across our grounds, and we choose to kill them rather thau submit to their runs. Now, is this iair? Has not old Sleekcoat as much right i io the underground passages as we have ? And is it just to murder him because we do not like > his way of walking ? Toads, again, have long laboured under an evil name, and one-half of ihe Isbmaelite curse; but since it has been discovered that thoy aro rather friendly than otherwise to inan,and help him in the matters of gardening and iusectivorism, a reaction has set in, and thoy are now cried up and petted and mado much of and left unmolested save, by the boys, those general torments of the world. But they have been awfully mauled, and mishandled in the past,grievously abused, and Bhamelessly slandered ; all because men | did not like their looks; and BO talked the nonsense of fear, which is about tho biggest nonsenso of all the nonsense said and sung. Jledgehogs are also held ns useless ; stupidly ro ; hedgehog-soup being next door to chicken Jroth for delicacy and digestibility. Beingi ?useless, though as harmless as toads, and dih ecnt, too, in tho same direction-a fact not Brought to l'ght in olden times-but being set abide from any of tho broader and moro evi-| dent ways of human value, they, too, have leen under the Ishmaclite's curse, with every man's hand against them, and their own, tilines against every one. If hedgehog-stew Fhould over como into fashion, thoy would be favoured and bred like salmon-fry or Dart-j moor mutton, tenderly treated and lovingly, fir the better reception of the sauce anti fluffing to como: or, if thoy could bo coaxed? into such fpinosity and bigness as to make! ike capturing of them a matter of valour ami; ]n owess,they would be guarded from untimely daughter, like dog-foxes in the hunting coun-l lies or wild boars in the German i\oods. Iti is only because they aro not turned into food) cr rniment when dead, or, at all events, into, the causes of food and raiment, and Hie help-, ing on of the genernl economy of theil lords - it is only because they are too prickly for çetsr and too innocent for prey, thot they are so iimominiously destroyed ; their own light to n seat by the kitchen-fire of naturi; being loftily set aside, and still mote loftily denied. Then thero arc dogs.. If dogs were of ne* i se, would-they bo suffered të- swaiiu and f nari ns they do-the heels and calves of the itinerations being not seldom the sufierors? Certaiujy not. But, then, they aro valuable. We keep them to guard our carts.and houses I y their plentiful vociferations,;',tq point at birds, and pick thom up when tho.y drop ; to yelp after nares and foxes ; .to plunge into rivciB after otters; to ferret rats out of their holes, and to kill thom by griping thom at the nr.pe -»hen, they oro ferreted out; to save lost banner-bearers from the snow-drift; to be little Jnokey's good-tempered pony.and pretty Lizzie's uncompromising guardian ; to be liiiir lord's playmates in the houeo, arid assist-, t nts in the forestland, when all things elsej Lave hoon reckoned up, to help the butcher's bill of' tho lower kind of eating-houses, and I do their proudest duty under the glorified ap~ ) « nrnnco of mutton-pies. But not their latest ;¡ 1er they yield a glove-making klein, which can I bo manipulated into first-rate " hnnd-Bhoes,", as weil ns turned to all other purposes, where a soft and smooth-grained leather may be, i.p«d. Not included in this catalogue is that,1 fame inestimable quality of companionship, and petablcueBi, which is, perhaps, the dog's. highest recommendation ; going further than) guard or saving, than mutton-pies, or dogskin ¿loves ; going further than everything but I tinting ; which, by-tho-by, is only ah eiliores-{ icnco of that quality- the bloom or flower] thereof this is tho root. But tako all this avay, and dogs would bo run over and shot! find hanged and drowned and poisoned with I oison and sabred with knives-take all this away, and who would caro whether Pon to had pleasure in hare-hunting on his own account? whether Flo. loved her pups with teuchingmateinal tenderness? whether Looloa tnjoyed the dish of raw truffles ho lind just nosed up? or whether Billy took a real work- man's pride in the artistic way in which ho 1 dished off his cageful of rats? If men did not find their own account in it all, the poor iour-footed canines might anon yelp their last adieu to the sun, and bowl their latest oxecra-j lions to the moon. No one at prcsont troubles himself abone nn improved breed of monkeys. But what nJ fctir there would bo if monkeys could bo taught, the service of negroes, and set to boo cotton and plant sugar-canes in tho place of Vnclo Toms and Aunt Sallys-patient, black, and perspiring 1 Lately, however, monkey- fur, of cone kind, has been brought into use, so that J«ko has a faint chance of rehabilitation ifftud him: mid if denied man's intimate friendship, if refused all claim to kinship, if 1 ut below the'sált, and the'eousinship of their fiondiDOthers disclaimed, if found too light xi inded for discipline and too mischievous Jor work, still, in tho form of black long Irtiied skins for ladies' muffs and boas, rronkeys twill rise in the scale of mercantilo elftem, and may, perhaps, bo promoted to a < ittinct niche in the Walhalla of Beasts. But, .''ciko ! Jocko ! if you could only be taught to 1 cc and dig I If you would but learn how; to I car jourself with a little dignity, and bo of i icos a substitution for negro flesh,howgreat ?\tuld bo your mission! How much clearer > tur title tobo regarded as the poor relation ii humanity! Fancy a corps of gorillas in- ner d of Butler's Own; what a lot of dirty vak the less for human nature to do, and .* hat an advantage to the other side pointing ituthwaid fiom New Orleans! Tho situa- tion oro .not few in history where apes .v enid have done as well as men, and the » 1 culders of Adam's sons would havo been all the cleaner for the transfei of the burden. ' What are man's peculiar and special beasts? 1 he beasts which give him clothes, and food, ard help. The beasts which he holds to have I unborn into the world only for himself, and whose solo title to existence is his conveni- ence, not unmixed with clemency and libe mlity. First, there ore cows and horses, of <curse- cows for food, hornes for help, and loth for post mortem value in such waato and jcfuso as is neither food nor clothing. Thus, m the horns and hoofs, ve li ich go to make ornaments, glue, prusBiato of potash, and xx anure, among many other things ; in the lair, which, from the mane and tail of the 1 crse, (is woven into sofa, coverings, chair te r.ts, and the old original crinoline, beside* leicg used for stuffing beds,and BO forth; and w bien from the cow is felted, being too stout to weave, into many capital additions to machinery ; and in tho skin, which fannie acid turns into undeniable leather, bloomy ard durable. Foi tannic acid, which is a soluble, acting on the gelatine of the skin, vhich is also a solublo-as you may find out fe i jourself if yon like to boil your old gloves ii to soup, oi your worn-out stock of boots into a jelly-forms that strong and rain j Kof substance called leather, and leather is « lily the gelatine of the skin hardened with. Iitiinic acid. Tannie acid is found in a great mi ny plants and trees and'fruits, and, among ethers, in toa, being in the proportion of one to four of every pound of tea put into the I ct ; | but oak bark and acorns give tho chief i mount of that used for converting skin into leather. Not that all leather is made from ikiBB ; for a full-grown ox has a " hide," and a twd- year-old a kip," and only calves and cats, dogs, rats, and mice, and other small deer, have "skins," according to tho science cf the tanner. A split skin is a " skiver," and f livers are used where very thin leather is re- quired. Ox-hides make, shoe-soles and har r ess ; horse hides, ladies' shoes j and cow- hides, the 'soles; calf-skin the soft upper Itntliers; sheep-skins, tieatcd with oil, are known to men as chamois and morocco le ailiers ; and tho skins of she-goats, prepared voth lime, and scraped and polished, come tot into a new existence as parchment; the skins of calves, kids, and dead-born lambs, roako vellum-the nobility of patchment; dium-hcads aie from the hide6 of goats and vohes, battledores aro covered with what waa once the skin of an ass ; lamb skins, tanned nilli willow-bark, make gloves; deer-skins bird books, and are also transmuted into morocco; so with goat skins, which thus do note than get converted into vellum; seal- skins become black enamelled leather, for loots and shoes, bags and dresBing-cases; luck-skins and doe slcins make breeches and fi'ovcs ; pig skins aro made into saddles and ibe coverings of church-books; rat-skins. tJoves-a large trade in Paris now, where the levers ure utilised for the purpose; tho limons Limerick "chicken gloves," packed in a walnut-shell, and sold for five shillings t j o pair, were made of the skins of very young lalvis-antenatal calvest say Bomo; Russia bather is tanned with willow-bark, and dyed red with aromatic sanders-wood, to which ia added the oil of birch, which gives it its pecu- liar tmell and inscctiiuge qualities. No skin TI fists tbo action of tannic acid : and from men to mice, no warm-blooded animal has an urtnnnable hide; but the human skin is the least susceptible of all. So tho gentleman vlio has left his hide to the library, on condi- tion of its being made into vellum and inscribed with the Odyssey and Iliad in full, bus bequeathed a troublesome legacy to rostcrity. As for bones, you got a good deal cutof them-phosphorus for Iuoifei-matche3j f.elntine for j ellies, size, and glue; fat for soap »nd candles; beside buttons, combs, knife 1 nndles, and many other things out of the i olid substance ; and phosphates and carbo- ne teB for manure. Man does not get only leather and parch- ment from the skins of his special and pecu- liar beasts,; he gets also fur-his leather with ile hair on, and no tannio acid super rdded. First, there is the Russian sable, king «f the weasels, which in the time of Henry ti c Eighth no nobleman under the Tank of a, discount mnthtwear; which lines tho robes if our Lord Mayor and his Council in breadths ifcoiding to their municipal degress; and ti « tail tips of which make our painters' best hiushes; and not only the Russian, but the American sable also, not quite so fine in colom or so rich in texture, but not to be derided by connoisseurs. Then there is the ii mine, queen of tho weasels, spotless and tymbolic, which Edward the Third com n nnded should bo worn only by the Boyal ii unly, which is forbidden to tho community «ion now in Austria, and which, when the Mack tips aro mndo out of Astracán lamb fitin, ÍB known under the name of miniver, and indicates tbo rank of tho nobb wearer. 1 elm ard the Third was a mighty; fur-fancier, nnd forbade the use of any kind to those wl.ose incomes woro under a hundred a-yenr ; an«! ho instituted tho Skinners' Company, vi iib had tbo monopoly of the wholo fur tiade, in every blanch Then there ate the soft grey chinchillas ; stone and pine martens, sl.unks and polecats-the last two very dis- agreeable to sensitivo noses, but purified now by pome new process of chemical perfuming : \ ]j iixcB, for ladlcB' wear; minxes, musquashes, and monkey-skins-CoIobuB Satanás, the blnik, and the Diana monkey, tho grey ; red, gr< y, white, blue, cross, silver, and Kitt foxes \- Mid these are very fine furs, ns witness that imperial pelisso belonging to the Czar, anti iMibited in 'fifty-one, made out of tho black ?nurka of bilver foxes, and worth £S,o00. "V\ olvcs give a piotty yellow-hucd fur, too, but ciarseihh and rough, used chiefly for cont hnings and sleigh coverings-the scoundrel volves! one ought to make something by ti em-while bears, of almost as many colours tis fojwCB, clothe tho Greenlandcrs from head to foot, lind give tis our best pomade into the baigriin. Tho Dutch breed cats for tho sake of their fur, nnd they give beautiful skins yben pioporly fed and selected-is lhere not a cat-skin rug at South Kensington, beautiful tnough for a queen?-lions and tigers aro chiefly trophies nnd rugs, but tho Chineso Eprend a tiger-skin over their sent of justice, and the Royal Hussar body-guard of Hun- garian noblemen wear leopard-skin mantles. The national coat, though, in Hungary is the Astracán lambskin, that soft, short-tuftèd, and ßlossy-black link between fur and wool, which we use rarely. ThoPersianlamb 8kins,nll in littlcround formal curls, arcmadebo by tying up the new-born lambkin in a tight wrapper, which compresses the young curl as effectually as hair-papcrs,and so produces tho curious fur known by that nnme. Otter-skin is soft and lovely; the sea-otter especially BO; and ia Russia and China immensely prized. A muff f f sea-otter skin would bo twenty-five guineas, mid a wholo skin forty guineas. Seal-skin is another very lovely fur, seldom seen in its xmtural colour, but generally died to a rich Vandyko brown. The seal skin of commerce if not the fur of the animal as Been on its back. 'J here and then, it is a long-haired, coarse, li noble-looking affair; but when tho Skinners' Ccmpany gets bold of it, it is soaked and fe-r n ented, which loosens the long hairs, and they fall out of their own accord, or else it is thm ed on tho under side, by which process the long hairs aro shaved off at tho roots, and 11 c i-oft, rich under-layer of fur ia left unin- jured. Squirrels also give a pretty fur. Tho famous Woiscnfels linings arc niauo from tho ?«bite parts of the squirrels which abound in the woods; and white rabbitsklna aro not far behind. Indeed, rabbit-skin used to bo so much prized, that in Henry the Eighth's timo a formal decree was passed, forbidding tho Uti? of tho cony Or rabbit-fur tp any one not a gentleman or noble. Rabbit-fur, and hare fur, and beavor-fur,\ all felt ; iho boavor-hata of1 past reputo used to bo beaver-fur felted, not beaver-skin pure and simple. Part of the 11 ocess is carried on by the alcl of cotton-wool, vhich will not felt of itself, but will aid in the felting of other things, coming out on the (hrfflcc Uko cream upon milk. So, at least, fftjB Dr. Lankc8ter in his Lectures on the Um of Animals to Man, lying open on the desk lefore us. ' Then there nro the beasts which give por fi roes : the civet-cats of Asia and Africa, with their pouches full of civet-of opalo brownish jel'ow in colour, of the consistency of honey, rrd absolutely disgusting in odour untjl mixed with wax, lard, or spirit, when it be- comes aromatic and fragrant, and with tho I roperty of heightening tho Bwootness of all other perfumes with which it is mixed. Tho nv.ek-deers of China, Thibet, and Siberia, Trith thiir ponche s,fu)l of mutk, also brown iii colour and honey-like in consistency; tholes two eea-turtlcf!, with their mnsky oil ; this" musk-ox of North America, and themusk-rat. alto of North Amerion, with its perfumed Fkin : the crocodile; and a little mushy gnat, ii be beaveT, with his bag full of castorcumr blown, unctuous, and feetid ; tho Capo hog, with biß secretion of hyraceum, not in a se pa | nfc bag this timo; and ambergris, nmorbid! Mcretion from tho liver of tho spermaceti vhnle, usually found BwimmiDg on the sttr ft ce of the sea on the coasts of Coromandel, i Japan, the Moluccas, and Madagascar. Am , leigrisis inodorous, unless heated or handled, i jjd then it is sweet enough. And. lastly, lhere are the "bczoar stones," found in-the j wild goat of Persia, which were once used a* tovcreign remedies for nil diseases, but which, a pitiless chemistry has discovered to' bo nothing nobler'than little balls of undigested food, glued together with phosphate of limp. Other animals sacred to man and his wants me birds with glowing plumage, and birds with fatty layers, like the sooty petrel or mutton-bird ; the guachero of the South Ame- rican caves; emeus-one emeu yielding "two £ niions of oil- with the minor glories of geese \- who does not know the vnlue of goose greaso, scientifically applied?-and in India, peacocks and others. Then, whales and seals and cod and bears give oil and fat by the countless gallon. Then there are the sponges, which ere the skeletons of certain backboncle« leasts of the deep; and oysters, bearing pearls fir our adornment: and the beautiful nacreous lining of the shell of the same fish, and of many others, as the nautilus, the huliotis, tho mussel ; and the cast is rufa, or cauico- Bhell, of the Mcditeiranean; and corals; and the ¿JESUS, with its silky filaments that can be ?woven into toxturo; cuttle-fishes, bearing sepia in their innermost being ; whelks, carry- ing thoTyrian purple in their throats ; " Vene- tian shells," for, ornament ; cowrlcB ; and all the edible tribe. And insects, too, come in. Spanish flies blister the universal lord," the acid of ants eases his worst pains; the cochi- neal and Ino insects dyo the silk which the lembyx spins-which bombyx Chinamen eat in a Btcw ns soon as it has finished its cocoon ; bees make man's honey ; leeches suck, his. btatcd blood ; tho gall-fly makes oak apples: whence ho gets his gallic acid and his ink ; and he collects all the moths, and beetles, and butterflies that please his fancy, nnd collects them with such enthusiasm that ho sometimes exterminates tho breed. But then he is a short-sighted animal is man, and most short- sighted when mest greedy. , In fact, it comes to this, that cither man UKS the animal world for his own profit or jlensure, or ho destroys thoso membersiof it vhich ho cannot marshal in the way they fbould go. Ho lino constituted himsolf lord of all life, and by reason, too ; and when his serfs are insubordinate ho gives them a fillip, and sends them spinning into space, and the ifernal No of the natural philosopher. , Per hapB he is right. The rule, that those who TI ill not work shall not cat, should bo applied to all creation, not only to himself; and v here a beast cannot be made generally use nil, it seems only juBt and wiso that he should be sent to th«- illimitable backwoods of anni- hilation, and his vacant nineo filled up hy si mo of tho selected, of higher moral and intellectual tendencies. Tho world has had more than enough of tendernesB for in- capacity. "A HINT TO "POLITICAL MEDDLERS. - Tho land Act and its working havo afforded ample scopo for the display of tho " amend ii.g "proclivities of the Omiosition. The dis ilay of feeling in the House on Tuesday night, especially on the part of zealous Mr. Beales, is symptomatic of what wo may ex ](ct for some time to come. Wo earnestly vtish, for the wolfare of the colony, that wo ceñid persuado these political meddlers to leave matters which they aro totally incapa- ble of dealing with to abler heads and hands. We would remind Mr. Henles and his hot- headed colleagues of the anccdoto of Lord Welbourne, who was n'ecustomed to say to bit- colleagues when they had business which ft rplexed them, and which they could not well dispose of, ''Can't you let it alone?" In the name of common senBC, wo ask, what can Kr. Htalcs expect to gain by moving (as ho ii.tends todo), "That this House is of opi- nion, inasmuch as the Land Act of 18G2 has foiled to facilitate settlement, and has en ce uraged speculation in the highest degreo cittrimentui to the public interests, that {Hiding fresh legislation no further sales of Clown lands within the ten million ncrcB re ter ved for agricultural settlement should ti lie place 1"-Mount Alexander Mail, April 23. THE KOH-I-NOOR COMPANY hold a meeting cn Tuesday, at which it was decided to sink ti. other shaft, 8Jft. by 3Jft, by means of vhieb, in conjunction with the present one, t) e whole of tho minc may bo conveniently vorked out. A surveyor bus prepared a rc jort on tho best site for the new shaft, which will bo sunk at a spot some GOOft. or 700ft. icrth of the Extended Company's shaft, the juc Burned depth thero being about 380ft. 'Jenders for tho work will bo invited forth wiib, as also for the supply of two new ergines and gear. These works argue some- thing for the pluck and confidenco of the com Tfiriy in this splendid claim, for the outlay lo- se lved on will reach £8,000 or £9,000 -in all probability. The dividend paid by the coin Tinny lnhtiortnightwasJESO pershore.- Ballarat Star. April 23. THE SIGNS or THE TIMES-PBOGHESS OP THE COUNTER REVOLUTION.- Tho election of Colonel Wall by the New Jersey Legislature ne United StatcB Senator is still moro signifi- cant than the election of Mr. Uuckalew to the trmo position by tho Legislature of Pennsyl- vania, which, only a short timo since, Simon Cameron held in the hollow of his _ hand. Colonel Wall is avowedly ele cted in order to ii büke tho Administration for its aibitrary arrests, just as Dr. Olds, of Ohio, was elected a member of the Legislature of that state whilo he was confined in the cabemates of Fort Lafayette, and on his arrival home, after his II leiihe, was carried on the hhouldors of the people, who had assembled in vast numbers to welcome him. In the same mannor, the appearance of Colond Wall at Tron tcn, whither he had repaiicd to prevent his name bting used, was tho signal for the greatest enthusiasm, lendering liis elec- tion sure in despito of all his remonstrances. Cur correspondent desorilles " his palo visage, vith his left arm in a sling, paralyzed with ii cumatism ever since ho carno out of Foi t Litfaye'tte, as doing the business both for hitn silf and tho other candidates," The first cudence of this counteruvolutlon was dis ce Aere d in the town elections of New,Kng litiid,* -which went conseivativo, and in the ftiitc election in Maino last September, in vehich there was aremnrknble falling-offin tho re publican votes. This ivas a little clc-ud in ti e East, apparently about tho rizo of a man's hand ; but it grew larger and larger, and spread - to the Middle States and the West, till, in the state elections of the fall, tho whole heavens seemed over- cast and frowning upon tho Administration. . he mutterings of the thunder heard ii» October in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa, becamo louder and louder in Ncw^York, Ne w Jersoy. Illinois, and Wisconsin -in the November contcBts. Moro recently the ntti tudo of Governor Sejmour in Now York, and the action of tho Legislatures of Pennsylvania, li.diana, and New Jersey, mark the onward progress of the movement which is Boon (los tilted to Bweep abolition rule out of existence. 1 he majorities against them in the election» of the last year will bo as nothing compared w ith the decisive victories over them thiB year and tho next. They are doomed, and nothing can save them. The conservative movement will continue its triumphant courso ttill a ce ni pie tu and final end ¡B made of tho .pesti lent faction which is waxing fat upon the mi n of the country.-New York Eerala, Feb. 3. COLONIAL MILITARY CHABOKS.-The Army Estimâtes include charges amounting to ¿8 C20.250 for military purposes in tho colo- nies, exclusive of the cost of arms, accoutre ir cuts, and barrack, hospital, and other stoics, te. be supplied from this country. But rather ii oro than a fourth of this charge is incurred in respect of tho Mediterranean and other sta- tions not properly colonies, The year's ex- pense in respect of Canada is estimated nt ¡£702,116, and In Nova Scotia and Now Bruns vick £180,696 ; the West Indies, £291625; Kew Zealand, £847.200; China and Hong Konj.'. £884,789; We-st Coast of Afilca, £77,438; Labuan, £4,500 ; Western Australia, . £20,368. From all these coionios no repayment ÍB expected. Tho cost for tho Capo of Good Hope is put at £290,384, and Natal £50 G93, ln.t they will contribute £18,500 in aid of the otra allowances of tho troops. For New South Wales and Queensland the charge is JClfl'IO; for Victoria, £24,707; for Tasmania, ".'0.214 ; and for South Australia, £Cb29, New South Wales and Victoria pay the ex 1» me of ono battery of garrison artillery, ami ti esc Australian colonies pay special allow ar cfB to the troops, but tho amount of theso is at present undor discussion; New,Smith Walesand South Australia ah» defriy tho roBt of barrack buildings, Tho cb argo foi iho Mauritius is £150,995, and for Ceylon £89,531, but tho former contributes £10,000, mid tho latter £2-1,000, and both moko allon ano s te the office«, Ceylon also bearing its c 'iiunk n lint charges and oxnenBo of barrack build in_s.-Í he Tuna, Feb, 21, , 