TOPICS OF THE DAY The funeral of the late Captain Lipson, R.N., took place on Tuesday, October 27. The procession, which consisted of the hearse and about eighteen vehicles, including the mourning coaches, left the deceased's late residence on West-terrace shortly after 11 o'clock in the forenoon, and proceeded to Trinity Church, where the first portion of the burial service was read by the Very Bey. the Dean of Adelaide. The cortege then went on to the West terrace Cemetery, where the remainder of the service was performed by the Dean, and the body of the deceased was placed in Mr. Q. 8. Kingston's family vault. Many old and influential colonists were present, amongst whom were the President and members of the Legislative Council, the Speaker and members of the House of Assembly, the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Boothby, the Bishop of Ade laide, and a number more of the friends of the de ceased. The President of the Marine Board, Captain Douglas, S.N n was prevented by serious indisposition from attending tbe funeral of his friend and imme diate predecessor. There was a report current in town on Tuesday morning that the Rangatira had broken down, and would be unable to convey our mails to the Sound. It appeared, however, that there was only something slightly wrong about the steamer's boiler, which was speedily rectified, and the steamer started pt about half-past 2 o'clock. By our telegrams it will be seen that the Bombay bad been prevented by the gale from tearing Fort Philip Heads up to 8 o'clock last night. The weather was clearing up about that time, so she would probably start early this morning. A supplementary mail was made up in Melbourne at 4 o'clock p.m- yesterday. We regret to learn by our telegrams from Sydney that the slave trade still continues among the South Sea Islands to a very great extent. The annual meeting of the Sonth Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was appointed to take place on Tuesday evening, October 27; but owing to the inclement weather it was indefinitely postponed. There were between 60 and 70 ladies and gentlemen present. His Honor the Chief Justice, who bad consented to preside, was in attendance, and said, after consulting with those most particularly interested in the institution, he found they were of opinion that it was advisable, looking at the objects of the society, and seeing how much its interests would eufier by holding a meeting so thinly attended, to postpone the proceedings until some subsequent evening, which would be duly announced. The pro* position was favorably received and the audience dis persed. On Tuesday evening, October 27, a lecture and musical entertainment was given in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, towards defraying the debt on that building. In consequence of the nnpropitious state of die weather the attendance was not co great as expected. However, upwards of 150 persons were present. The Hon. Tfios. Elder occupied the chair. Mr. F. S. Sutton presided at the pianoforte. The Chairman expressed his gratification at taking the chair, and said that tie object of the meeting was to reduce the debt on that building, which was erected to aid the cause of temperance. He assured them that a rich musical and intellectual treat awaited them, Mr. Button then played a piece entitled "Zampa." The Chairman introduced the lecturer, Mr. Henry Gawler, who, on his appearance, was loudly applauded. He opened his lecture by ?Ilnflmg to the rise of the British Empire in India. That country was formed during the reign of Queen Elizabeth by a company of merchants, who leased and paid rent to Indian nabobs. The encroachments of our country men were not, perhaps, justifiable. Still, necessity drove them to it. After a lapse of a few years the East India Company found themselves possessed of a large tract of country. Subsequently they made im provements upon it, which led to their future pros perity. He referred to the wealth and influence of Timoor the Tartar, one of the Mogul Emperors. Time added strength to our countrymen, and at last they entered in triumph the city of Delhi, and there obtained the jewels of Golcondar, the celebrated Mountain of Light, the Koh-i-noor diamond, which now graces the brow of our Queen. Bengal was alluded to as the garden of the Bast. He next spoke of the disturbances in India, of the cruelties practised in the notorious "Black Hole," and then in an eloquent address referred to tfa* progress of Lord Clyde, who had risen from a clerk in the East India Company's employ. An interval then took place, during which Mr. Duttoa favored the company with a bolo on the pianoforte, which wan greeted with loud applause. Mr. and. Mrs. Gawler sang a duett in excellent style, entitled " Sweet Land Adieu," which was rapturously ap plauded, and being encored, the same lady and gen tleman rendered " Yes, it was there in music steal ing." Miss Dutton next exquisitely performed an overture on the piano—" Msssaniello." Mr. Gawler then resumed his lecture. He had left Clyde in England, and whilst there certain cruelties were prac tised in India. Lord Clyde then took the command of the English army, and resolved to quell the distur bance at all hazards. In 1764 Clyde returned to England, and then left the land in whose Heafoiiaa he had token each an active part for the last time. He died in 1774 at the age of 49 years. From bis entry into India dated the English supremacy in that rich country. His name stood high on the list of con querors whilst his actions had benefitted mankind. He considered that when nations were considered at tbe highest pinocle of their prosperity their downfall generally dated from that time. He referred to Greece, Rome, and Persia, in support of this ex pression of opinion. Prosperity leads to indolence and was the forerunner of decay. This, he believed, was not the present state of England. She had many dependencies to support, nevertheless she had sons of worthy sires to defend her. Like a man, let them keep their life-blood clear, then would health and pro sperity shower down upon (heir laws and Govern* merit. The lecturer concluded with an eloquent re ference to the past and future prosperity of England. (Load applause.) A duett by Mr. and Mrs. Gawler followed; this was encored. Mr. F. S. Dutton favored the meeting with a solo on the pianoforte. Mr. Gawler sang a comic song —" Blue Beard," which was encored with a hearty good wilL Bt J. Hoskinge proposed a vote of thanks to the able lecturer. He only wished euch entertainments were more frequent. Mr. John Pickering seconded. The motion was carried with acclamation. Mr. Cole, M.P-, proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. F. S. Dutton, and the ladies and gentlemen who had contributed towards the evening's entertainment. Mr. W. Dale, in seconding, stated since he had been in Sonth Australia he had never enjoyed such a pleasant even ing. Carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded one of the most successful meetings ever held in the North Adelaide Temperance HalL The fifteenth anniversary of Bentham-street Chris tian Church was celebrated on Tuesday evening, when Mr. T. Playford, pastor of the church, delivered a lecture on "The world of the blessed." Having briefly glanced at the creation of man, and the object for which he was created, he said tbe desire of all should be to obtain that region, the inhabitants of which were blessed. Those who attain that state die no more, death hath no more dominion over them ; they will be happy and holy, and possessors of a ' glorious existence. Their vile bodies would be ; changed, not to pnt on an angel's nor archangel's [ form, but a glorified body, such as their glorious Redeemer's. Siaconntenance shone—so will theirs ; ' his eyes were as flames of fire—so will theirs be. In ' passing therefore through our transition state we I should seek with the eye of faith to draw aside the [ curtain and obtain a glance within the veQ, look on the sons of light, and be stimulated thereby to press 1 toward the mark, and take heed that we lobb not the prize. In the world of the blessed sorrow would > not be known, sighs heard, nor tears seen. We are told by geologists that the world was inhabited ere it arrived at its present state by a lower order of ? wni'"ala; fossil remains prove this; and bye and bye > the world will undergo another change, for Scripture , dearly points out that there will be a new heaven . and a new earth wherein dwell righteousness; that ' the former shall not be remembered nor come into mind. John said "a new heaven and a new earth." , There was no more sea. The new earth, or renewed [ earth, will be fit for the reception of those glorified beings who have washed their robes and made them 1 white in the blood of the Lamb. A correspondent sends us the following:—On Monday evening a lecture was delivered in the new schoolroom, Lefevre's Peninsula, by W. Townsend, Esq., M.P., on " The Lights and Shadows of London Life," in aid of the funds of the school; and although the weather was boisterous in the extreme, the house was quite fulL The Hon. J. Hart being called to the chair, in a brief speech introduced the lecturer, who for upwards of an hour and a-half kept the audience in continued bursts of laughter. The lecture throughout was well calculated both to instruct and amuse; and by the hearty plaudits which the lectnrer received during its delivery showed how much the audience appreciated its value. The lecture was got up by the Trustees of the school with the view of raising ? little money to complete certain improvement* in and around the building. It was the first of a series which the trustees intend to have with the view of giving instruction and amusement to the adult as well as the riling popula tion on the Peninsula. A correspondent sends us the following:—"The examination of Mr. Cowell's school in Chapel-street, Norwood, took place in the afternoon of Thursday last. The heat, together with the disagreeable wind and dust in the forenoon, rendered the attendance of parents and friends less numerous than was expected. The schoolroom was tastefully decorated with flowers. Mr. Hewett, M.P., took the chair, at the request of Mr. Cowell. The boys were put through a variety of execises in which they acquitted themselves very creditably. They also sang some pieces, and gave some capital recitations. Twelve prizes, awarded by Mr. Cowell to the most deserving, were then de- livered by the Chairman, with a short but appropriate address to each of the recipients. Mr. Hewett then addressed the pupils at some length on the advantages of education, and after an impressive prayer by Mr. Cowell the company dispersed. Next day the pupils assembled in the playground shortly after 1 o'clock. Fortunately the weather was more favorable for their amusements, in which they engaged with greater mirth and glee, owing to the familiar way in which their teacher mingled with them in their games. At half-past 3, tea, &c;, was served up to them in the schoolroom, after which they resumed their sport till long after sunset, when they dispersed. The romantic drama of the " Dream Spectre," with the wonderful effects and vision scene by the new scientific apparatus, were produced at the Victoria Theatre on Tuesday. The drama was played with great correctness and effect by the entire company, and the spectral or ghost scenes were managed with much more success tlian on previous rep*re&entatLon;?, and were much applanded. The spectres in the laughable sketch which followed the drama, entitled ? Fifteen minutes with the Ghosts," were completely successful, and much applauded. To- night the grand and popular drama of the "Corsican Brothers" will be played, to be followed by the ?Irish Tutor." The "Corsican Brothers" will afford great scope for the exhibition of the ? Ghoit" illuMon, 