FOR EVER. Out of the Body for ever, And wiaiHy aoobtn* : «. Oh whither f* Î ..> A Soul OiM hath waited Its chances, 6 Floats ottilie Utnltleii Ether I V lost In clim, horrible blankness^ ! Drilling, HKe YVhni on a Sea Í Untraversed and vncntit and moaning, E . Nor shallow nor aliore on tim Ice ! I HetpJeii. unfriended, fotaaken t Í Haunted ind traced i.y tho Past, i With fragmenta nf pitiless voleen ! ;J And desolate fae«, agitait I I Oneaaith. 11t f a well that ho goeth ' '] Nuked and faluting; with cold, - .. Who worshipped his sweet amening gu men ti ; I Arrayed with the cunning of old ; J I " Hark I how he crletls. my brothers. With pain iorthc glittering things He anw on Hie shoulders of il-utera ;. And the might In the mouths uf the Kings ! ? »Thia Soul hath been one ar thc idlers Who walt with still hands, when they lack. Por Fortuno, like Joseph, to throw them The cup thrust In Uunjaniln's sack. " Now had he been faithful In striving, And warring with Wroiw to the sword. Ile must have passed over those space* Caught up in tho anna ot luo Lord." " A second :-." Lo, Passion waa wilful? Anil, glad with voluptuous sighs. Ile hold lt luxurious trouble To »cho'tor luxurious eyes 1 ' " Sim bound him, the woman resplendent :- ' . \ S!io withered hi« strength with hetstarct. . . J And 'Failli hath been twilled and strangled ' jj With folds of her luminous hair t '.;.?- ^- 1 .' Waa it weM-O yea wandering waller, - ,'.! Abandoned In terrible Space I- j To halt on tho highway ta Heaven i because ola glittering tace t". f And another Behold I» waa carrul : ' . He fettered to think of lils youth, Dejected and weary sn4. footsore, Alone on tba dhu rand to Truth I .' : i " If tho way bad boon shorter and greener, And brtghtcr lie lnl'lit havo been bravo r. -- " Bat tho goal waa too far, and he thlntct ¡ LAe Feterwith Christ ou tile wove I ' Beyond tho-wild haunts »f the mockers- ' 1 Far in tho distance mid gray*, I Kloitetfa that aiirrowful Spirit Away, and nwuy, and away. < Pale phantoms fly past lt, like shadawa : ' . Dhu eves that are blinded with teara ; Old fitcea all white with affliction Tho ghosts of Use wasted dead Years t " Soul Hint hath ruined us, shiver 'And inonu when you know us I" they cry. " Ilchuld 11 was part of thy substance" " And 1"-saith another,-"and IP' Drifting from atartoas abysses. 1 ' ' . ? Into tho Kilter sublimó I Where U no upward nor downward, ' Nor region, nor record of Timo 1 - Out of tho Body for ever No refuge-no succour nor stay ! Flontctli that sorrowful Spirit Away, mid away, and away. HENRY KENDALL. 