THE WEEK'S NEWS, Mr. Hargrayes's Expedition.—We under stand that Sir. Hargraves does not intend leaving Adelaide on his exploratory tour until Monday next. The party, which will probably start for Ecliunga on that day, consists of two brothers named Goss and a person named Chancellor, and m tiie meantime the necessary preparations are being made for the expedition. We are informed that Mr. Hargraves will on Saturday pay a visit of inspection to the country in the vicinity of the Adelaide Mine. Immigration.—111 another column we publish the report of the Immigration Agent at Port Adelaide. It speaks iu very favourable terms of recent immigration to the colonv. A Matter for the Police.—We have received information that a resident in Leigh-street—a blind man named Bean—is in much distress from the circumstance that his daughter, a girl between 13 and 14 years of age, left his house on Sunday last, and has not since been heard of. He has no knowledge of ber whereabouts, aud suspects that she has been enticed from her home. Horse Accident.—We understand that a young man, in charge of an entire horse belonging to Mr. William Ferguson, received a severe kick from the animal on Tuesday last at Halindorf. The acci dent was spoken of at first as being a serious one, but we were glad to hear that the man was pro gressing favourably. Supreme Court.—Monday being the first day of the fourth term, the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Bootliby sat, but no business was brought before them. The Shcrifi usually presents on such occasions a list of jurors and prosecutors fined for non-attendance: but although the Deputy Sheriff; Mr. Fesenmeyer, was in attendance, he had no such report to present—a fact that speaks well for the manner in which jurors and prose cutors attended to their duties at the sittings during the last term. * The Moonta Case.—A notice of application for the admission of the Hon. A. Micliie, Queen's Counsel aud Minister of Justice of Victoria, to the Bar of tliis colony, has been posted up at the Supreme Court. Mr. Micliie lias been retained by the petitioners in the Moonta Mine case. Pro ceedings in this matter will soon be initiated in Court, but wc hear the case probably will not be argued tiii next March. Gold in South Australia.—The Sydney Empire of October 17, in noticing tlie acceptance by Mr. Hargraves of the offer made by the South Australian Government, says:—"The result of Mr. Hargraves's inspection of Western Australia was that not the slightest indications of gold were found, and the geological features of the country were such that, in his opinion, none can exist there. The colony was traversed from end to end, and presented little else than a succession of wastes of sand and scrub. Mr. Hargraves is somewhat more sanguine respecting South Australia, thinking it probable, from the littie he has seen of the country, that gold may he found there, although not in large quantities, the district being too remote from the great gold-bearing centres of the Australian Cordillera to encourage any reasonable expectations of containing very rich gold-fields." The Last Moments of a Hero.—We extract from the Southern Cross the following description of the death of.the gallant Captain Swift, who died in action on the 7th ultimo:—"Colour-Sergeant MTCenna did not see Captain Swift fall, hut imme diately after getting Lieutenant Butler removed to the rear, and while in the act of preparing to load, with a cartridge in his hand, he saw his captain lying stretched by his side. 'Are you wounded?' lie asked; 'Yes,* severely,' replied the captain, 'never mind loading, take my revolver and lead the men on.' There was an example of a true British soldier. Although mortally wounded a sense of duty to the country was paramount. Im mediately that the men knew their Captain was wounded they charged furiously with a shout. aud it was then the enemy was driven back. Captain Swift was sensible up to the time of his death. Placed under the shelter of a tree, he passed liis last moments in the presence of Cor poral fiyau and the men who were left as guard, Tiiat they might not lie detected he would not allow a moan to escape his lips, and he put liis hand to his face in agony to prevent it. Shortly before his death he asked Ryan to give liirn his hand—which he did—and immediately afterwards the gallant soldier breathed his last. Captain Richard Swift was born in Keoltown, County Westmeath, on the 9th April, 1830, and he was consequently 33 years of age. His remains were interred on the 13th of September, in the Auck land cemetery, withmilitaryandinasonic honours, His Excellency the Governor attending as a mourner." Victoria Theatre.—"Susan Hopley" was re peated on Saturday evening with a still further improvement in the shadowy acessories, by which the plot was made certainly more intelligible than on its previous representations. There -was, bow ever, considerable disappointment expressed by spectators at the fact that the "ghosts" in no case appeared except at the farthest part of the stage, and against a curtained scene shrouded in gloom, where any amount of deception might be prac tised. Those who had read of the " ghost" walk ing across the stage, of its liping so transparent that objects could lis seen through it, of its being attacked and visibly pierced by weapons, remain ing impassible, or pursuing its way in defiance of material obstructions, were not satisfied even with the improved effects of Saturday evening. The one special incident in the drama most favourable to the introduction of the "scientific ghost"—the appearance of the murdered An irew to iiis sister—has all along been neglected, and tlie old contrivance of the actor who personated the character also playing the ghost has been retained. An absurd interlude, termed "Fifteen Minutes with the Ghosts," gave Mr. Shute an opportunity to show on' some brotherly love of unusual aud unseemly warmth, and introduced a number of "comic ghosts" or shadows, tlie comicality of which con sisted in clumsy attempts to burlesque Greek statuary; The fun of this affair was little if at all better than the grotesque slides of a com mon magic-lantern. Wet weather always in juriously affects the attendance at the Theatre, and Monday evening was no exception to the rule. The "Dream Spectre" was played, introducing the Ghost, but with no more marked effect than on former appearances. Those who, have seen or may intend to see this optical illusion may like to compare it with a description from the Spectator of the appearances which excited so much interest at the Britannia Theatre, Hoxton. in a piece called "Faith, Hope, and Charity:"—"Sir Gilbert Nortlilaw steps upon the [stage, closely followed by — a skeleton. The apparition is certainly striking. It gradually and almost imperceptibly evolves itself out of the air, aud after various movements vanishes with the rapidity of a flash of lightning. A second time it comes and goes as before, and immediately after appears a female form, the exact counterpart of Faith, the widow. Closely as the eye may watch the ope ration of the whole proceeding, it is impossible to detect the source of the fine optical delusion. There the figure certainly stands, walks, and talks; but disappears as instantaneously as if fashioned out of the mere vapour of the air. On the second appearance of widow Faith, or rather widow Faith's ghost, Sir Gilbert Nortlilaw takes courage, and, rising from his seat, attacks her with the sword. But the sharp steel, aimed at a walking and speaking human figure, meets no resistance but the empty air, and the would-be murderer is mocked liy a loud sardonic ha, ha, ha! This is the crisis of the spectacle. While the baronet is making desperate efforts to grasp the widow, the spectre vanishes in the twinkling of an eye, leaving the echo of a mocking voice re sounding from afar. Whatever the means by which this curious scene is effected, it is undoubt edly a most clever and wonderfully striking bit of stage-effect." There was a full trtid j highly respectable audience iu the boxes' and a good bouse in other respects on Wednesday evening. Dumas's great dramatic romance "The Corsicau Brothers" was exceedingly well placed upon the stage, the scenery being appropriate, the characters welt sustained, and the supernatural effects brought out with a striking hut subdued distinctness which far excelled any of the previous "spectral illusions." Mr. Creswick's dual de Fraiielii was a great hit, and won hint the honour cf two calls before the curtain. Mr. Stvceton's Chateau Ilenaud was as good as careful study could make it when conteuding with some dis advantageous peculiarities of voice and manner. Messrs. Grevilleand Williams contributed a fair proportion of tlie comic element in the recon ciliation of the hereditary feud, and Mr. Sliute's comic dance in the masquerade scene was, as it always is, boisterously redemanded. Miss F. Wiseman's dancing of the Caohuea was deservedly applauded, but somewhat inconsiderately encored. Altogether, the piece was, overlooking some slight defects of costume, greatly superior to anything produced since Miss Gougenheim's benefit. Yelta Mining Company.—A special general meeting of the Yelta Mining Company, attended by nearly all the shareholders, was held at the Company's office oil Thursday afternoon. .Mr. J. Lindsay. M.P., presided. The Directors' report was read and adopted. A vote of thanks was passed to 5Ir. J. L. Tuxford for his indefatigable seivices when Manager of the mine, and a call of 5s. per share was made ou the new issue of scrip. The meeting then closed. Australian Entomologv.—At a meeting: of the Eutomological Society of Great Britain, held on the 3id August, we find tlie Rev. Hamlet Clark exhibited the water-beetles which had been cap tured by Mr. F. G. Waterhouse during his recent journey of exploration with Mr. Stuart to the northern coast. They consisted of 17 species, aud no less than 13 were said to be entirely new. Public Works.—The following tenders have been received at tlie Engineer and Architect's ■ officeFor masonry of new engine slied at the Adelaide Railway Station—Hall & DichoU, £774 (withdrawn); James Anderson, £S50 10s. (ac- J cepted); Taylor & Miekley, Al.UiiS los. 9d.; Sparks and McMinn, £1,130; Newman & Nicliolls, .£1,310 10s. fid. For building Police Station, Ferryman's 1 house, &c.;, Wellington—Crocker, Lawson, & Best ! (including verandah), £1,435 (accepted); Thomas i Wallis, £1,4S9 lCs. 3d.; Vereo& Tapson, £1,663 J Is.: E. Nicholl & Co., £1,83914s. J The Port Elliot Meeting. — In another column we publish a report of the "indignation" , at Port Elliot, on Wednesday, October i 21\. There were Upwards of 300 persons present, and the meeting had to be held in the open air. It was presided over by the Eev. II. W. Newland, and great excitement seemed to prevail. A reso lution stating the futility of the jetty unless car ried to Granite Island was passed, and a Com mittee was appointed to communicate with the Got eminent, and in the event of an evasive reply or a denial to their demands being received were empowered to call a meeting to consider the advisability of their seceding from South Australia ,nd joining the Riverine District, Adelaide to the Mum ay.-A meeting attended by about 50 persons, and presided over by Mr. J. Close, was held at Gosling s Hotel, Strathalbvn, on Monday evening, October 2G, to consider the claims of the main line from Adelaide to Milaug via Strathalbyn, as being tbc most advantageous route between the metropolis and the River Murray. It was resolved that a memorial should be pre sented to the House of Assembly, praying that an examination be made of the above-mentioned line with a view to its adaption as the main road to the Murray. The Freeling-hoad to Truro.—At a public meeting held at the Greenock Arms on Tuesday, the 27th inst., a memorial to the House of Assembly, embodying the views of the settlers in that locality in support of the Freeling-road to Truro, and against the line from Kapunda, was unanimously adopted and passed for presentation to the House. The Mayoralty of Kensington and Hoe wood.—A meeting of the friends'of Mr. Wadham took place at the Britannia Hotel, Kent Town, on Wednesday eveuing. There were about 20 persons present. Mr. Watt having been voted to the chair read the advertisement convening the meeting. He stated that at a former meeting, at which there had been but a small attendance! it was decided to hold the present meeting, and give greater publicity to it by advertisement. Mr. Wadham, who was in attendance, in reply to a question by a ratepayer, expressed his willingness to stand as a candidate for the Mayoralty of Kensington and Norwood should he find any friends willing to support him; and should he be elected he would use his best endeavours to for ward their interests. On being further interro gated, bp said it was not his intention of again standing as a Councillor, which position he had occupied for the last four years; and he would, if supported by them, at a future time more fully express his views. Ho further questions being put to Mr. Wadham, that gentleman thanked those present for their attendance. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, which being acknowledged, the meeting separated. British and Foreign Bible Society.—It will be seen by an advertisement in this day's paper that the 18th annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society, postponed in consequence of the in clemency of the weather on the 27th instant, is to take place by adjournment on the evening of Wednesday, the 4th November, at 7 o'clock. His Honor the Chief Justice will take the chair. Baptist Association.—The first meeting of the South Australian Baptist Association was held in the Rev. Mr. Stonehouse's Chapel, Lefevre terrace, on Thursday, October 29. The business of the Association was discussed in the course of the day, and in the evening a public meeting was held, over which Mr. C. H. Goode presided. The Rev. Mr. Hannay delivered the inaugural address, and other ministers and friends addressed the meeting. Mr. Maughan's Lecture on Light.—The first of a series of lectures to be delivered was given in White's Rooms on Thursday evening by the Eev Sir. Maughan, the proceeds of which are to assist in swelling the fund towards the new chapel about to be erected for the Methodist New Connexion de nomination. The attendance was rather small, considering the object, the novelty and scientific nature of the subject, aud the well-known qualifi cations of the rev. lecturer. The chair was taken by His Honor the Chief Justice, who upon rising expressed his regret that the weather was not more propitious, and that the rev. gentleman had not a more numerous audience, but assured those pre sent that the entertainment would not only be in teresting, but also instructive. Mr. Matighan, who was received with applause, commenced by stating that the subject of his»lecture was the phi losophy of light. He then proceeded to mention that light radiated in every direction, and as it was diffused it decreased. The comparative intensity of light could be measured by an instrument called the photometer, and some beautiful and inte resting experiments were made, showing the effect of a ray of light admitted through a hole into a dark room, which, striking a prism, was divided into seven colours, as was thought by Sir L Newton; hut it was demonstrated by Sir D. Brewster that a ray of light was only composed of three colours. The suspension of the phenomenon of vision in the dark, aud the effect of a ray of light being admitted, was then dwelt upon; as also were the luminous, heating, and alchemic properties of light, the different effects upon the production of photographers in different parts of the world, polarization of light, spectrum analysis and its wonderful and marvellous qualities, and the at present unknown benefits it will confer to the student, engrossing the whole of the scientific world, in which the most enquiring philosopher would find food for study. Interesting as the sub ject of the philosophy of light was, he could go no further back than the record of the creation, when, in the simple but sublime language of the inspired recorder, " God said, let there he light; and there was light." Reference was made to the discoverers and their theories connected with the subject from he earliest ages. The various and different pro perties of light—its velocity, the rules for mea suring the speed, and the different length of time it would take for rays to reach the earth from the sun and stars—were then referred to by the rev. lecturer, who, after detailing the distances and the time of the passage-of light between them, stated that those calculations were all based on incontestable data The lecture, which was listened to with the greatest attention, was con cluded by the rev. lecturer expressing a hope that he would shortly- be able to give another lecture on " Spectrum Analysis." A vote of thanks, proposed by the Eev. Mr. Gardner, andtecoudedbyMr. Way, was accorded toMr.Maughan; as also a similar compliment to the Chairman, proposed by Mr. C.Todd, and seconded by Mr. J. Brown, which were acknowledged by both gentlemen. The lecture was illustrated by a scries of well-executed diagrams by Mr. Hosking; and the magic-lantern and other scientific appa ratus were called intorequisitionduringtheevening to afford additional information. New Wesleyan Chapel, Port Adelaide.— The Wesleyans at Port Adelaide have just com pleted a new and commodious place of worship in St. Vincent-street, and on Sunday last, October25, it was for the first time opened for Divine service. On Thursday evening, October 29, the Rev. Chas. Colwell delivered a most interesting and instruc tive lecture in the new building, the subject being " The Wonders of the Heavens." The attendance was not so large as might have been expected, but this may be attributed to the Inclement state of the weather. The chair was occupied by the Hon. J. Hart. The lecturer described the mode in which the distances of the various planets were estimated, also the various motions of the different heavenly bodies, their distances, dimensions, weight, &c.;, and concluded by speaking of the probability that other planets besides the earth were inhabited. The choir sung several beautiful pieces during the evening, not the least successful being "The heavens are telling the glory of God." Votes of thanks to the lecturer, the choir, and the Chairman concluded the meeting. On Sunday next the opening services are to be continued, and on Monday a public meeting is to take place. St. Bartholomew's Church, Norwood.—In our notice of the consecration of the above building last week we were in error in quoting the text of the Lord Bishop's discourse from the last three verses of the second chapter of Hebrews; it should have been from Ephesians. Sermons ii^aid of the building fund were also preached on the following Sunday; aud at the evening service the Bishop administered the rite of confirmation to the several canilidates presented for that purpose by the incumbent. Entertainment tor the Benefit of the Soldiers' Wives.—We understand that several young gentlemen with dramatic proclivities have arranged to give a performance at the Theatre for the benefit of the wives and families left behind by the soldiers recently dispatched to New Zea land. A sterling Euglish comedy is likely to be selected as the piece dc resistance, aud other en tertainments of a lighter character will fill up an ample bill of fare. Wc understand that the bene volent amateurs are to have the valuable and gratuitous assistance of Miss Gougenheim and the Misses Wiseman. It is expected that the perform ance will take place on the 4th December. Burton's Circus.—Wc understand that Mr. H. Burton, with a very talented equestrian troupe, is now eti route overland to Adelaide, and is expected to arrive iu the course of next week. Victoria Theatre.—Tiie English aud Austra lian drama, "Margaret Catchpole," was played on Friday evening, followed by "The Irish Tutor." This evening the lovers of the romantic and the supernatural will have an ample feast in " Mar garet Catchpole" aud "The Corsican Brothers." It will be seen that Miss Joey Gougenheim is to reappear on Monday evening; when she will enact the character of Ganem, or Love's Slave, in the burlesque founded on the tale of the same name in "The Arabian Nights Entertainments." On Tuesday evening the performance is to be under the patronage of His Excellency Sir Dominick Dalv, for the benefit of Mr. B. M. Nathan. The successful drama of "Aurora Floyd" will be re peated on that occasion with Ganem; and Mr. Nathan relics upon the acknowledged activity of liis management, his general urbanity to the patrons of the theatTe, and the excellence of the entertainment, for a full attendance at his benefit. The Next Review.—We understand that in consequence of the protracted winter weather having put hack the hay harvest the Volunteer Review, which it was intended should have taken place on the 9th of November, has been postponed to near the end of that month. Probably it will be held on or about tbe 24th. A Strange Story.—Oar Melbourne telegram contains a very singular account of a woman named Ann Jones, said to have come from Ade laide two years ago, who lia3 been arrested on a charge of wearing male attire. It is stated that being unable to obtain employment she adopted the dress and habits of a man, and that she had at various times acted as a tutor, a labourer, a waiter, and a man cook. She was detected while drinking at a bar by her voice and her hands. Accident.—An accident of a serious nature occurred on Friday to a journeyman in the employ" of Mr. J. Lavin, baker, Port Adelaide. He was engaged attending the steam biscuit-machine, when by some means the fingers of his right hand were drawn between the rollers and dreadfully smashed. Dr. (Jething, bis medical attendant, however, hopes that amputation bill be un necessary. Agricultural Society's Committee Meeting. —The usual monthly meeting of the Agricultura Society's Committee was held at the Norfolk Arms, Bundle-street, on Friday, October:#). There were present—Hon. J. Baker (President), Messrs. A. Blyth. M-P„ A. B. Murray, M.P., J. It. Smith, J.Cobbledick, B. Smith, J. Frame, W. Everard, D. Ferguson, P. Gumming, Jas. Galloway, W. Hackett, and Sir. Driffield (Secretary). The Secre tary reported that the accounts showed a net balance of between £10 and £10, after ail bad been settled, against £11 last year. The same amount of prizes as last year within £7 bad been paid at the last Show. The experiment of the catalogues had not proved successful, they having cost £3 and only realized 6s. 6d- Sir. D. Ferguson wished to know whose duty it was to appoint a Judge on the ground in the' case of one being absent. An opinion was generally expressed that the Sub-Committee on the ground, in the depart ment in which the vacancy occurred, shoulJ be the proper persons, but that members of the Com mittee should not be selected, nor should one of the Judges nominate him. A notice of motion was given on the subject. A circular from His Excellency the Governor was received, forwarding certain enquiries with reference to acclimatization. The documents will be found in another column. The Secretary said' His Worship the Mayor had exchanged plans which were sent in error from Melbourne, and Mr. Melloi was having them framed. A vote of thanks was passed to the Mayor. Mr. B. Smith suggested the desirability of exhibiting entires at the Show instead of weaken ing it by showing them at the ploughing match. Ke gave notice to that effect. It was decided to have a list of subscribers and contributors to the Society published in pamphlet form. Votes of thanks having been passed to Messrs. G. Bennett ■ and J. Mellor for gratuitously furnishing hurdles at the last Show, the meeting closed. Tee Victorian Bridal Present. —In our telegraphic column, will be found a description of the bridal present from the ladies of Victoria to the Princess of Wales. Coroner's Inquest. — Dr. Woodforde, the Coroner, held an inquest on Friday afternoon at the Terminus Hotel, North-terrace, to enquire into the circumstances connected with the death, of Thomas Beach, who was found dead in his bed about 1 o'clock the same day. A respectable Jury of 13 were einpaunellcd, and Mr. G. T. Thompson was chosen foreman. From the evi dence of William Martin, landlord of the Terminus Hotel, it appeared that the deceased was a shoe maker residing atGawler Town; he was married and had a family. He arrived from that place the previous day, and remained at the inn. He was quite sober when the witness last saw him. At about 7 o'clock in the evening he had tea with the family, and did not seem ill. He came to Ade laide a few weeks ago to enter the Hospital, hut went back to Gawler soon after. Catherine Sullivan, housemaid, deposed to having shown the deceased to Jiis bed about 10 o'clock the previous evening. He was quite seller then. In the morn ing she knocked at the door of the bedroom, hut receiving no answer thought the deceased was asleep. Two documents which had been found on the deceased were then read by th« Coroner—one a letter from tbe Mayor of Gawler to the Surgeon of the Hospital, and the other, an enclosure in that letter, a certificate from Dr. Pophain, show ing that the deceased was suffering from bron chitis, and was unable touork Frederick Spicer, Assistant Colonial Surgeon, stated that he had seen the body of the deceased, and noticed signs of disease. He had no doubt, from the documents -found on the deceased, and what he had seen, that death had resulted from natural causes, and probably from disease of the heart. The Coroner, in summiug up, stated that the letters found on the deceased, and the evidence of Dr. Spicer, would fully explain the cause of death, so that no suspicion was attachable to any one. He would advise them not to mention any particular cause of death, but merely to say that it resulted from " natural causes. The Jury, without retiring, re turned a verdict in accordance with His Worship's recommendation. Belief to Soldiers" Wives.—The Committee, consisting of Colonel Biggs, Lieutenant-Colonel' Mayo, Inspector Hamilton, Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., Sergeant Clarke (Barrack-Master), and Mr. F. Downie (Armourer), formed for the purpose of pro curing subscriptions for affording relief to the wives and families of the 40th, recently stationed in Adelaide, met at the Armoury on Friday morning. The receipt of subscriptions amounting to £219s. fid. was reported, and it was stated that there were altogether 12 women and 22 children who needed rations, and that for seven .of the women rent would have to be paid at say 2s. fid. per week Sergeant Clarke said he had relieved three from the pressure of their landlords, and iiad guaranteed payment of rent for all who required it. By arrangements he had made with various tradesmen, he intimated he could supply rations for each woman and every five children per week at the rate of Ss. lid., and with rent 17s. fid. weekly; this would make a total sum of £5 fis. 9d. required per week The Committee agreed to grant relief on Sergeant Clarke's scale, the rent to be paid from the date of the departure of the detachment, and the issue of rations to commence on the following day. Sergeant Clarke undertookto serve out the rations, and alluded to the oayment of the rent. It is the intention of the Committee to open an account at the National Bank, and in future to meet once a week Great praise is due to them, and especially to Sergeant Clarke, for their exertions in so laudable a cause. Mineral Leases Bill.—This Bill was read a second time in the House of Assembly yesterday without much discussion. The Commissioner of Crown Lands stated that the regulations under which the Bill is to be worked will be laid on the table before tbe clauses are considered in Com mittee. Registration Act Amendment Bill.—The Assembly yesterday agreed that this Bill should be read a second time, hut as there was not an abso lute majority of the House in favour of the mea sures it falls through. This leaves the question of registration in a state of confusion worse con founded. Business of Parliament.—The Assembly liave agreed to adjourn till Tuesday week, in order that the Legislative Council may get on with its busi ness. At present the only Bills on the paper of the Assembly are tbe Mineral Leases Bill, the Heal Estate Descent Bill, and a Joint-Stock Association Bill introduced by Mr. Neales. GOLDEN Grove.—A correspondent informs us that the Golden Grove and Precoluinb Mutual Improvement Societies held their annual meeting at the Golden Grove School on "Wednesday evening, October 2S," when there was an unusual muster of the lovers of literature for miles round, attracted, no doubt, by the promise of Mr. Townsend's popular lecture entitled "Lights and Shadows of London Life." The preliminary business having been disposed of, the lecture was delivered, and received with much applause. Lefevre's Peninsula.—The march of improve ment has certainly made rapid strides in this loca lity during the past few years, and as a finale the road from the Jetty to the Bail way Station is now graced by an omnibus, so that every facility is offered to persons seeking the beach for pleasure or profit During the years that are past, 10s. fid. was at one time the fare, and latterly 5s. was the standard rate of travelling over a short mile of road, but the spirit of enterprise prompted the running of a regular cart duriDg last summer at fid., and with such success tliat the proprietor has commenced this season with an omnibus and pair to carry passengers at the reduced rate, and if his regularity hut equals the scale of charges he will doubtless derive the patronage his speculation merits. The Colour of the Eves.—The Ilhisimtei Times says .-—"Among the memorabiiias of the Wimbledon volunteer meeting this bit of infor mation has reached me. The prize winners have all been July or blue-eyed men. If true, this will go fat tc establish the inferior practical usefulness of dark eyes, just as their comparative moral qualities were deprecated years ago by Dr. Lesk, who wrote—' Men with grey eyes are generally keen, energetic men, and at first cold; but you may depeud upon their sympathy with real sorrow. Search the ranks of our benevolent mem and you will agree with mc.' If light-eyed men are more quick- sighted, aswell as more keen, energetic, aud more benevolent, who would not be fair' The theory, so far as shooting is concerned, is verified as far as my own observation goes: for Lord Elcho, Lord Bury, Mr. Jopliug, and other crack shots have all eyes of the favourite colour; and the fact is perhaps worth remembering when a country corps has to decide between two or more competitors of almost equal skill who arc willing to represent their brethren in arms at the annual symposium." Distinguished Arrivals.—The Anns says: —"Among the passengers by tlie Madras is Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Henry Havelock (son of the late General Havelock, who led the Highland Brigade in the famous relief of Lucknow). He proceeds to New Zealand to join his regiment, the ISth Boyal Irish. The Madras has also brought one army surgeon and eight assistant surgeons, who are proceeding to the camp at Auckland. The mission of Air. Hudson, whose name appears in the passenger list, is, we believe, to endcavou to bring about the union of the Australian and Intercolonial Steam Navigation Companies. 