to co It respond!', nt.-. "C. E. Grkir."— Pnhllcation of tlie faot would be of no service thnt we can percilve. Our telegram . from New Zealand is the rnost startling that has yet been received. It represents the Thames natives, hitherto considered perhaps the most friendly of all the tribes, as having formally declared for the Maori King and the extermination of the Pakclias From this we may infer that the spirit of disaffection is rapidly extending northwards, and that in the war of ex termination which now seems inevit able, the British can exoect neither sympathy nor support from" any section of the Maori race. In fact, a thorough communication seems to have been effected between all the tribes, north and south, and whnt at first seemed a temporary ebullition of tho Taranaki natives at seeing their land appropriated by the Pakeha, was part of a long cherished, comprehensive scheme for a general rising. The audacity of tho Maories increases every day. Tfiey are no longer con tent with moving in small bodies, attacking insignificant escorts or iso lated habitations of the settlers. On the Oth August, upwards of a thousand strong, they attacked tlie Avon steamer on tlie Waikato river, hut paid for their presumption by receiving a terrible raking from the Avon's Armstrong guns. They have established a formidable position on tho Waikato, numbering, it is said, upwards of two thousand, and strengthened by the possession of heavy guns. In the meantime, tho British authorities seem to be acting with vigour and discretion, making the best use of the military force at their disposal. First class militiamen havo been ordered to the front, and third- class called out for active service, a step which obviously would not have been taken hut in the absence of an adequate number of regular soldiors. No doubt, under any circumstances, even the small military force there will be able to give a good account of the Maories ; but it is obvious that we shall be wanting in honour, humanity, and pluck, if we omit anything calculated to strengthen their hands. Tn is ; association of nastiucss with cheapness, has latterly been somewhat unpleasantly illustrated in connexion with Eastern Market bargains. It lias come to our knowledge, that certain samples of fine '-home fed" pork, recently exposed for sale at that empo rium of very miscellaneous merchan dise, were interesting to the pathologist rather than suitable for Sunday dinners. For the flesh porcine is heir to nu merous ills in common with that of animals more elevated in lite scale ot existence, The unhappy pig is subject to many maladies which render his' life burdensome, and his death desirable, but which however, do not add to his suitability as an article of food. We may sympathise with liim in his mis fortunes, we may haply condole with him as we behold his " poor feet" disabled by caries, his skin covered with eruptions, and his liml)3 crip pled by rickets. But though the contemplation of these his suffer ings excite sympathy, thoy aro not calculated to quicken one's appe tite. We may condole with the pig whose health is seriously impaired, hut we do not therefore desire to eat him. Tho pig fanciers, who dwell in the suburbs, are of a different opinion. They anticipate by ever so little, the docosie of the unhappy animals whose restoration to neami is Impossible, and by the aid of ingenious manipulations, whicli almost constitute the butcher's craft one of the fine arts, they are enabled to present their customers with tlie home-fed pork as aforesaid. " The heart grieves not, if the eye sees not." The thrifty gourmet sniffs the savoury odour as the deli cacy—juicy and browned— is placed upon his table ; nor recks he that the savoury mass before him is part of the miserable animal lie saw perhaps a couple of days ago, and in reference to whose loathsome condition he had some thought of communicating with the Humane Society. It is not unlikely that lie will feel unwell the next day, or perhaps sooner, hut lie will attribute his indisposition to the quantity he took. Perhaps at a subse quent period ho will break out all over boils, but he will satisfy himself that this is the effect of the weather, or that it is the time of year for having boils, or that it is an indication that his " blood wants purifying," and maybe he will . take somo 0110 or other of the many popular nostrums that are advertised as useful in tlus delightfully vague con dition of the circulating fluids. Nor is it beyond possibility that he will dis cover himself at a more distant period, to he affected with a yet more grave malady, of which in the end he will die, and tho fact will ho recorded in Mr. Archer's register, with a fine five-syllabled nosological term, to i ucfiCl'ibo t'ie..?tols6 of ilia ueiitil,.. nothing however heingsaici about the pork. , But somo of tho Eastern Market hutchors sell lamb as well as pork, and the history of thi3 delicacy, discloses other curious revelations in connection with butcher-craft. The lamb is not lamb at all, but kid; and tho kids are said to he slaughtered for the same urgent reasons that compel the premature sacrifice of the pigs. More over, beef is included in the repertory of the Saturday night shambles ; and though we have no direct evidence to show that tho Pleuro-pneumonia Com missioners have had anything to do in the Abattoir arrangements — which may bo necessary to convert dying bullocks into prime beef, it is only reasonable to assume that those who are so exceed ingly clever at the manufacture of pork from diseased pigs will sustain their reputation in the production of other varieties of this pathological animal food ; so that a new field is open to the enterprising purveyors who frequent this market, and tlie unfortunute breeders of stock who have suffered such serious loss from tho inroads of disease among their cattle, need not he surprised if they are communicated witu and requests made to them, to forward down to Melbourne the car cases that are now, in obedience to the law, submitted to rapid decomposition by fire.' A large fortune awaits that spirited individual who shall conduct this project on a large scale, only there is just this difficulty in carrying it out, that though the Eastern market butchers may he quite ready to do their part in the transaction, tho settlers up the country may not be willing to he accessory to tho scheme. Perhaps the police may find profit able occupation in ascertaining the ex tent of this pork-butchering business, and perhaps the health officer may not be going beyond the limits of liis functions, in submitting some of the fine " home fed " to microscopical examination, to see if its interstitial indications afford any jiint of its origin. Meantime the public perhaps will exercise that natu ral prudence which needs neither histological nor chemical processes, in order to its proper application, but whose best aids are tho ordinary re sources of sight, smell, and touch. And perhaps tbo Government will do what is in its power to expedite the passing into law of the Adulteration Bill, which for the last twelve months, has been in a condition of embryonic development, and which provides pains and penalties sufficient to meet the delinquencies of all food-sopliisti- cators in whatever form they present themselves. We may thus hope to do quite safe in our decisions as to " what to " eat, drink, and avoid," and may he the coroner may ho saved the necessity ol sitting upon some of (he bodies of those unsuspecting householders who furnish their larders from the Eastern Market. Mr H ovrnrcl's motion respecting' the claim of the Postmaster-General toa pension, was agreed to by the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Tlie ! object of til1 motion was to p'nee Dr Evans in the position of being able to obtain tbe opinion of the Supreme Court upou his claim. On the motion of Mr Brooke in tbo Legisla tive Assembly yesterday, it was resolved to ask his Excellency to furnish n copy of tlie schedule of salaries paid to responsible Ministers to the Cabinets ofMessrs O'S'-ianassy, M'Culloeb, and Hcnlcs. Mr Hcnlcs stated in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, in reply to Mr Levey, that a bciril of inquiry would be appointed to investigate the charges made against the land officer nt Digby, if, upon inquiry, it wns found that tbo circum stances of tho case justified tbe adoption of such n course. In committee of the Assembly yesterday even ing, an address was agreed to for tho placing of L1500 on the estimates in aid of the Melbourne Benevolent Asjlum. In tbe Legislative Council, yesterday, tbo Rail.vays Management Bill was partinl y consi dered iu committee. On tbe motion for adoption of tbe report of tbo Mercantile Law Amendment Bill, Mr Straeban moved that the causes having reference to brokers be struck out, which was negatived on a division by ft majority of three. Tbe Supremo Court Costs Bill was read a second timo and committed ; several of the clauses wero considered, and n number of amendments in serted. The order of tlie day for tlie further considera tion in committee i f tbe Licensed Victuallers' Act Amendment Bill was, yesterday evening, discharged from tbe notice-paper of tbe Legisla tive Assembly. It is understood that Mr a' Beckett will introduce bis bill for the amendment of the Insolvency Law iu tbe Legislative Council, next Tuesday. At the suggestion of Mr Mitchell, in tbe Le gislative Council, yesterday, the order of tbe day for tbe adoption of report on tbo Partnerships Bill was postponed until Tuesday. From a return laid upon tho table of tbe House yestorday, it appears that tbe total sum paid to parliamentary drafrsmen from 30th Sep tember 1858 to the 30th June, 1833, was L3100 6s. Tbe annual expenditure appears to be steadily IncrBhiisg. In 1333, it was L150; In 1859, L248 ; in 1860, LG85; in 1861, 1-613; in 1862, L977 ; and In the first six months of 1863, L48G. Tbe faintest ghost of a " sceno" tosk place in tbe Upper House, yesterday, during tbe discus sion of tbe Report upon the Refreshment Rooms. Mr Iligbett moved tbo adoption of the report, and stated that it provided for tbe appoiutoicnt of a Comptroller, nt an incr n»e of salary from L60 to L100. Mr Fawkner opposed tlie motion, as be considered the extra expenditure nt the present time as altogether unnecessary. Another hon member said that the gentleman who bad been appointed wns not allowed apartments, us the lost gentleman was. Mr Straclmn could not see why tbe office should be taken from tbe Usher and given to the Sergeaut-at-Arms ; it was a ! matter that the House should not permit. The1 report, however, was adopted. A startling announcement is made by a Creswick journal to tbe effect that " Mr An tonio Tognozzinl, an Italian dairyman, residing at Rocky Lend, lost within a fortnight sixty head of cattlo through pleuro-pneumonia, hoar that all tbo cattle were Innoeulalcd, nnd that those which did not undergo tbe process are still living." This demands investigation. The dangers nnd difficulties of " accliinat'sn- tion" are illustrated by tbe Stnr, apropos of a poor little German sparrow. "Perns timo since," says tiie Star, " we mentioned that Mr Eniil Weber, of this town — then on a visit to h's native Rhinelnnd, — was about to return to tbe colony, with, among other interring importa tions, one liundrcd and sixty German sparrowe. Mr Weber has returned to Ballanrat, but with only one sparro-.v, and that a lien. Of all tlie numerous flock with which lie sailed from Lou don in April last, there b only thh one solitary survivor, nnd it is not in vory l igli feather, having apparently suffered a rood deal from tbo vicissitudes of the voyage. Of what use spar rows would ha to th) colony if largely introduced nnd fully aee'i'iiutiscd, vve nrc not awnre, but from the labour which Mr Weber was obliged to I devote to the introduction of the one \tnder "-'"-"..j consideration, it ts plain that they arc not, to be had cheap. The first difficulty he had to encounter was a legal difficulty, the capture or destruction of small birds being forbidden in Germany under 'considerable penalties, in conso- qucnce of the recent discovery on the continent of Europe that they were rapidly disappearing, while th fro was a concurrent increase in grubs and other insects, to tho groat injury of tho crops. The legal obstacle being inoreased or evaded, a new difficulty presented itself in the nature of tho sparrow itself. Of a bold and reckless disposition, it can ill brook confinrmcnt, nnd of every dozen that wero caught for the purpose of emigration to Victoria, only two or three survived tho loss of their iiber'y twenty- four hours. At last, however, the full number of n liundrcd and sixty healthy sparrows, assorted sexe i, were placed on hoard ship; but Mr Weber's utmost care could not keep them alive, and the solitarj individual that arrived iu Bnllaarat a few days since is the sole reward of his enterprise nnd care." It will be perceived that owing to commercial engagements, Mr Craig lias retired from the pre sent contest for the representation of tho Eastern Province, but promises on a future occasion to place his services at the disposal of the electors. We should he glad to have seen Mr Craig in a position, where he would, no doubt, be n valuable nc |uisition to the public service. His retire ment leaves the issue between Mr Pin nock and Mr Hnnnn, aud there can be little doubt thnt the latter gentleman will he the chosen repre sentative of tho district in which ho is so well known nnd respected. We understand that tho Government do not at present intend to introduce any measure with reference to the despatch recently received from the Duke of Newcastle respecting tho expense of tho military force. The Imperial authorities have been reasonable enough iu fixing the rate of pay for ordinary soldiers, but it is considered that they arc in excess in demanding so much for tho Artillery. We publish elsewhere particulars of a railway accident, which, had it occurred to a passenger train, would have hail to he recorded as an exten sive and fatal catastrophe. 1 1 happened to the seven o'clock goods train from Melbourne, on Wednes day evening, and appears to have been caused by the breaks not being sufficiently powerful to check the speed of the trftin in coming down the incline from Warrenheip. The train ran iuto ha terminus at a high speed, and a portion of it found its way into Lydiard street. Tlie guard and engine-driver leaped from the train, and fortunately received hut trifling injuries. It is lo be hoped that Victoria's Dridai Gift to her Royal Highness tiie Princess of Wales will he worthy the graceful compliment intended by the richest of the British colonics. By an advertisement in another column we perceive that the subscription list is to ho closed on tho 1st of September, and that up to tho present, at nil events, the amount collected is not such as we should expect. Our loyalty and good taste are nlikc concerned in making tlie undertaking successful. An important circular lias been addressed to tho Mining Surveyors, lo the effect thnt " when -n rush takes place ia your division, you will he so good as to furnish the fullest information rc- spectiug ii uithout delay. Iu order to do this, you should proceed to the spot at once, and by personal observation and inquiries, eoliect infor mation with n view of making a special report, showing: — The locality (furnishing a sketch), its distance from the nearest gold workings; and the nearest town. The nature of the workings, the depth of sinking, tho nature of tlie strata, and whether wet or dry. Whether they nro quartz reefs, and if so, tlie general Indications in regard to thein; and whether, or not, tho ap pearaneo of the country is such as 4o lead to the belief t lint tho workings will bo permanent. You should also give approximately the number of miners on thespof, and the total population." The sword and the pen arc nt issue in Cres wick. Captain Dowliug, of the Creswick Volunteers, Ins been snubbing soinc members oi his company for having anonymously criticised military matters ill tlie local press. He lias been very properly snubbed iu return for meddling beyond his province. A meeting of seatholdcrs of St. Thomas's Church, Essendon, was held on Wedn:sday last, for tho appointment of churchwardens for the remainder of tlie current year, in tiie room of Messrs Moncrieff and Reiily resigned, through leaving the neighbourhood, Tho Rev Edwnrd Pucker, as chairmau of the meeting, announced the appointment of Mr David Toesoa ns trustees' churchwarden, and on the proposition of Mr Sugden, seconded by Mr Mao.killop, Dr Tweed- dali wns selected congregations' churchwarden. Tho first sole of carcass beef convoyed to Mel bourne per rail wns held, yesterday, at the Spencer street station, when about sixty tons from tlie up-country districts were disposed of at prices ranging from 8s to 14s per cwt. We hove received from Messrs De Gruchy Wl L?igh B fpkndld lithograph of Melbourne. The view is taken from the top of the Parliament houses, anil shows Spring street with the Treasury prominently iu the foreground, with a section of Bour'.rc street, showing the right Bide. Tlie principal buildings in the city a-c plainly de lineated, nnd are of such a size as to be 'discern ible at a glaucc. Tho prospect extends over to Hobson's Bay on one side, nnd to the country beyond North Melbourne on tho othor. As a work of art, this l'thograph Ls certainly the very best of the kind which wc havo seen yet produced in the colony, and it i9 to be hoped thnt the spirited . conduct of the lithographer) will meet with thot reward which thoy have so justly merited. The feverish desire for novelty has again seized upon many of tlie diggers at Majorca. A local contemporary says that /' there appears to bo a great inclination among certain classw of the miners to ' bolt,' in consequence of tho holes here and there not proving quite so payable as could havo been desired. But where 19 ? ii til? question, UutU very recently, New Zealand was the favourite goal, hut recent events havo rather changed the current of opinion, and the dangers at the enterprise hove hindered many from entertaining tlie pro positi n a second time. As is usual, however, nmong the race of miners in general, symptoms of uneasiness are already beginning to be exhi bited ; they have stayed too long in one place for " tucker," and must try els3wkcre. Accounts, however, have reached that some new ground has been r.pened nt Burubank, but of Its nature, quality, or yield, nothing definite is as yet known, hut nevertheless, like on ignis fatues, it Is draw ing some few from hero. Somo of tho store keepers, too, seem to have become sm'ttou with a desire to bo on the move, and arc accordingly making active preparations for their exits. ' At tho Criminal Sessions, yesterday, John Moloney was indicted for the ntlempted rapo on Mrs Clarke, at North Melbourne. Acting under the advice of Mr. Justice Barry, who tried the case, tlie J ury found the prisoner guilty of com mon assault merely. Sentence was postponed. — ' Thomas Gowlsir, the accountant of tho Colo nial Bank, aud James R Finiayson, his brother- in-law, were arraigned for conspiring to defraud the bank. They were found guilty, but were remanded for sentence. Information was received by tlie police yester day, of n theft from tlie offices of Messrs Baillio and Butters in Collins street. It appears that obout hulf-past five on Wednesday afternoon, a woman went into the office to solicit alms, and that shortly after tier departure a buffalo horn mull, silver mounted, with chain attached, sot with a cairngorm stano, nnd hearing tho initials R. B., 1854, was missed from one of the desks. Mr Charles Bright lectures at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, iu aid of Hie fund; of tlie Victorian Phonetic Society. Tho subject chosen by tlie lecturer is " Some Living Authors " Some curiins itcine of " Exploration " gossip find their way into the organ of Riyorinn. For example, tlie Inst numb1? of the Riverine Herald says thnt a rumour has reached us, f r j the truth of which wo will not ; ouch, (' , gentleman vvlio was at one time the .Bnrke Exploring Expedition has In his possession certain papers relating to that affair, purchased by him from a late employee of tho Exploration Committee. Perhaps this hint nlay not bo thrown away on gontlemcn interested in these matters. By our adverliiing columns, It will be per ceived thnt tho proprietor of the Polytechnic has provided an attractive scries of novcl'ies, to tako the place of Birch's Holiday Trip. The " Trip " lias now run some fifty-six nights, and termi nates on Saturday next. On Monday, Mr Love the Poiyphonist, and son of tlie celebrated Ven triloquist of that name, makes his first bow to a Melbourno audience in the Polytechnic. There is a numerous section of the public who seldom enter a theatre, and are at a loss for some suitable means of passing an idle hour. To them, such entertainments aa are presented at the Polytech nic Institute, ought to be specially welcome, rs may be seen from n glance for instance at the programme as set fortli in our advertising columns. Firstly, there is Love's entertain ment, next we are promised a lecture by the manager on Huhrakorflfs coil, such os wns delivered by Professor Pcnper iu London for a whole season. Tlie lecture lins cost in tlie " get ting up " it is stated over L100, and tho experi ments nrc to be " brilliant and gorgeous," and lasUy, wc have singing by Miss Gcroidino Warden, and in addition we have the usual amusements of the Polytechnic. Tliis is do- eidedly n clionp, omusing, and instructive shillings worth. 