BOWENFELS. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT. J A meeting of the Presbyterians of it is district was held in the church on Saturday, the 23rd instant, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken for supplying the vacancy occasioned by the speedy removal of their pastor to Maitland. The Rev. Mr. W Mackenzie preside d and prayer having been offered, he said it was perhaps an unusual step for a minister to preside at a meeting for taking steps to procure a successor, but he had always told them he would do all in his power to assist them in procuring another pastor, and he had strongly urged upon the Presbytery that, during such vacancy as might ensue, they should keep, up a supply for the pulpit of the church and he thought he could not better show his goodwill than by presiding now, because if they waited till after he was gone, the Presbytery would then require soap paint one of their number to preside at such a meeting, whereby much time would be lost. Having then called upon the various speakers, the following resolu- tions were passed unanimously : 1, that the approaching removal of our minister rendered necessary that immediate steps be taken to secure a successor; the want of the regular ministrations of a settled pastor often resulting in the scattering of a congregation, and its otherwise becoming disorganised. 2\. That, deeply grieved at the removal of Mr. Mackenzie, the talents and status of Mr. Geikie point him out as the man we be love best fitted to succeed him, a belief grounded on the fact that some of us have heard him with much acceptance, and that his name, as a faithful and earnest preacher, is otherwise familiar to 8\. That with the view of carrying these resolutions into effect, the clerk be instructed to send a copy of the same to the Presbytery of Sydney, respectfully requesting them to take such expeditious steps therein as the laws of the Church will allow. Immediately after this business was concluded a deeply interesting circumstance occurred. The Rev. Colin Stewart, addressing Mr. Mackenzie, said he had been deputed by the members of the congregation to present him with the following address and testimonial To the Rev, Simon Fraser Mackenzie, minister at Bowenfels. Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Dear and beloved Pastor, Six years have now elapsed since you came amongst us to minister to our spiritual necessities and break to us the bread of life. Bbort in some respects as the time has been, it was enough to prove you a zealous w workman in the vineyard of our Lord; and the earnestness and faithfulness of your ministry has led to your being appointed to another sphere of labour deemed of greater importance than the one you have hitherto occupied. It is frequently the case that men who live in the enjoyment of precious blessings set less value on them than others who enjoy no such advantages and it is not till the blessings are removed that they more clearly realise the loss they have sustained. Such we feel to be the case on the present occasion. We lived as though all things would continue as they were, and too much contented with the sound of the Gospel than desirous of its personal application wo inclined to think more of the instrument than the message, or regard the Divine power, which alone can impart the blessing, Tour speedy removal has to some extent dispelled the illusion and now that it must be so that the cord that has bound us together as pastor and people must be broken, who desire in all humility to acknowledge a higher hand than that of man in the transaction, and to regard it as a call to awake from our lethargy and in love bear the chastening of the Lord true imposed upon us. We confess that, as a people, we have come far short of our duties. The vein has been our own. But we cannot allow you to leave us without bearing our united testimony to the zeal and faithfulness you have always displayed in the discharge of your duties. As an ambassador of Christ you have proclaimed the Gospel in all its fulness end its freeness, keeping nothing back but declaring the whole council of God-as one who joyed with us in all our joys and shared In all our sorrows who took a fatherly interest in our various, relationships, our circumstances, and our wants what can vie say otherwise than that we are grieved at your departure, what more expressive language can we employ than that we deeply feel it. On that great day of account, when pastor and people shall alike appear before the judgment seat of Christ, may it be your crown of rejoicing that your labours in this place have not been in vain in the Lord, but as was said of Zion of old, so may it be said of Bowenfels, that this man and that man was born in her, as bread that is cast upon the waters, to be found after many days as the grain of mustard seed that must take root in the earth ere it become a great tree-so may the good seed you have sown here spring up in many a heart, and bring forth so abundantly that your successor in the ministry may find occasion to say that the gleanings of Bowenfels are more than the vintage of other vineyards. We would not be unmindful either of that people amongst whom, in the providence of God, you are now called to labour. May they largely experience the blessings of the Ministry of Reconciliation, and while you consecrate those talents with which God has endowed you to his service, may the prayers of that people daily ascend to the throne of grace on your behalf, that you may be strengthened with all might, and be the honoured instrument of turning many unto Christ. While we wish you all spiritual blessings, it would ill become us to forget temporal once also, We, therefore, beg your acceptance of the accompanying freewill offering (a purse containing upwards of £t>0). It has been hastily collected (the time was so short), otherwise the amount would have been greater, but we present it for the purchase or some remembrance of us in token of our love and good-will, and to OBsistyouin lightening those expenses to which, at such a time, you will necessarily be subjected in removing. We desire at the same time, to convey to Mrs, Mackenzie, our warmest feelings of love and esteem. May she also adorn her sphere with every Christian grace, and your young family be early taught of God, and become burning and shining lights in their day and generation. finally, beloved pastor, we say farewell; that the God of Abraham, of Ibooc, and of Jacob, may bless you in your person, and your family, your ministry, and your flocks, is the earnest prayer of Dear and beloved pastor. (Here follow the signatures.) The Rev. Mr. Mackenzie, in reply, substantially said : Mr. Stewart and my Christian friends, I really cannot trust myself to address you at any length on this occasion. Be assured that I did not require the very kind address of the generous testimonial with which you have now presented me, to make me sensible ofithenttachmentyou cherish towards me; without either the one or the other, I should have bidden you all publicly farewell to-morrow, conscious that the feelings of love and attachment I bear towards you were reciprocated on your part towards me. I accept your address, and the testimonial that accompanies it, with the deepest gratitude, as a proof though such a proof I feel was not needed-of your attucnmentandregaid. This address shall be prized, and preserved by me as long as I live, and remind me of friends loved and beloved, to part with whom I can truly say is one of the sorest trials of my life. If I em soon to leave you, it is not because I have ceased to love you. Circumstances arose over which I had personally no control. In the providence of God, a call was sent to me to go and labour in another part of the Master's vineyard. Had I consulted my own inclina- tion merely, 1 would at ones have declared that call. I felt a strong content within between duty and inclination. I scarcely ^ knew how to act; and as most of you are "now aware, ' I left the matter very much in the hands of the Presbytery to which I have promised obedience, and the Presbytery did; afper solemn prayer to God, for counsel and direction, unanimously decide that it was my duty to go 'to another sphere. But <. wherever my lot may in Providence be cast, my affections shall often linger around this place, your kindness shall never be effaced from my memory, and the name of Bowen- fells shall ever sound sweetly on my ear. I hope, most earnestly, if God spares my life, to be able occasionally to come and see you, to revisit this place, the birth-place of all my children, the first earthly homes could ever call my own; the scene of my first labours in the ministry, and of my first love. May every blessing rest on you and yours ; your cup be ever full ; your souls ever prosper. May quickening life be imparted to the dead, the weak obtain strength, the needy get supply, the weary find rest in and from Jesus Christ. And may those strong in faith give glory to the God of Israel, and go on their way rejoicing. For you, my dear friends for you all-my prayer will even be that of Paul for the Philippians, that whether I come and see you, or else be absent from you, I may hear of your affairs?, that ye stand fast in one spirit, striving together for the faith of the Gospel. To-morrow, if the Lord will, I shall bid you all an affectionate farewell. The meeting was closed by the Chairman pronouncing the benediction Behold how good a thing it is And how becoming well, Together Bach as brethren are, In unity to dwell. 