PISTOLGRAPHY.' I Many are the queries which are addressed to us concerning suitable employment for ladies of limited means, women whose education has been good, but who, through untoward circumstances, aro in quest of work not positive'.)- menial, by which they can add to the comfort of their homes, and in some manner render themselves independent of their friends. This is a class which, wo are awaro, num bers iu its ranks a very considerable portion of society, and is a class, moreover, which wo particu larly wish to aid so far as lies in our poifer, deeming it the province of a lady's newspapor not only to attempt instruction aud amusement for its readers, but to assist those who stand m need of assistance. And, in our judgment, there is no class more in wnivt of a helping hand stretched out to them than those whose birth and bringing up warrant them in looking forward to an independent future, but to whom fate has decreed otherwise. Seeing au ad vertisement in tlio Times in which ' ladylike em ployment' was offered to ladies who had a slight knowledge of the art, we mado inquiries on the sub ject, and, upon finding that such was offered by Mr Skaife, the inventor of the pistolgraph, and, by his invitation, we paid his studio a visit. Perhaps all our readers are not aware what a pistolgraph means, and for such as are ignorant on the subject wo will j explain it and its uses. Pistolgrapliy is, in fact, an application of photography, and wo all know what that means ; for bow few thero are among us who, at some time or another, has not indulged in the luxury, or otherwise, of a carte dc visile .y Under the term photography are classed all pictures obtained by the direct agency of light, but the instruments and .modes of using them are as various as those used in music ; and as some of the latter nro better adapted to the light touch of a lady's linger than others, so it is with photography. To tako a photograph the size of one of the illustrations of the Lady's Journal (10 inches by 24 inches) would tax the strength of tho fingers in handling tho necessary heavy glass plates, as would also the thick string of a violoncello to get music out of it. For obvious reasons, therefore, is the production of large photographs less suited to ladies' manipulation than small ones'; but in that branch of photography designated pistolgrapliy all such difliculties are removed. Tho pistolgraph is the camera employed, and so called on account of its size nnd the rapidity of its action ; it is truly a light, handy little instrument, awl is, thereforo, well adapted to the use of a lady. Mr Skaife, who invented it, proposes to instruct a limited number of young ladies in the use of this instrument gra tuitously, and, according as tho pupils attain to practical proficiency, ho engages to pay them a cer tain per-centage on all medallions thoy produce. A fair offer enough, and it appears to us that money might honestly nnd pleasantly be made iu the pur suit. How far photographers do their fair sitters justice ; why they fail as a rule in producing a like nous which is even pleasing (wo will not say flatter ing), why good-looking women disappoint us, and plain women please us in their cartes de visites, aro questions we refrain from entering into here ; but as the pistolgram produces likenesses in a smaller de gree, so the shortcomings nro visible in a minor degree also ; and as photographs aro popular, we have no doubt but what pistolgrams will, when well known, receivo even a greater amount of patronage. One great advantage thoy possess is their size : they are adm irably adapted for taking children even babies' likenesses, nnd the action of the instrument is so rapid that tliey can seize a nursery scene, and, pro vided the light and shadow aro favorable, any passing object iu tho open air. There aro two lands of pistolgrams, plain aud enamelled. A plain or ordinary pistolgram is a small medallion photograph (seldom exceeding an inch and a quar ter in length) on glass, technically called a positive ; on tlio surface of this, nnotlier piece of glass is cemented ; this is usually of a black or deop purplo color, anil it is fixed in such a maimer as to en closo hermetically the little picture. After this, the compound is cut and polished by a lapidary as a stone, aud then it is fittod either into a ring, locket, or bracelet, according to the taste of its possessor. But the enamelled pistolgram (a later invention) is, we tnniK, a moro successiui production, as mo portrait has all tho appearance of being embedded in a precious stone. Before ilie portrait is enclosed, in glass it is first touched with water-color, which color is fixed on the photograph by the crystalising cement ; and instead of tho ordinary purple a piece of crystal-glass, or rock crystal, is cemented on the surface, and then both sides are ground and polished equally as a bi-convex Ions. Tho crystal is now dropped iuto a golden capsule (pure virgin gold) composition heated to a crystal assumes permanently the color and brilliancy of a fine ruby. The ruby is not tho only gem which Mr Skaife has succeeded iu imitating in theso en amelled likenesses ; for we saw specimens of sapphire, carbuncle, emerald and the Oriental sapphire, tho last-named, unlike tho others, being produced in a capsule of silver. — The Queen, July 25. Departure of the JonN Williams. — On Satur day morning last a considerable number of the friends of the missionaries who woro that day to sail in the missionary barque Johu Williams for the Islands, assembled nt the Cirenlar Quay, where, in accordance with previous announcement, a steamer, tho Breadalbane, was in roadiness to convey them alongside the vessel. The steamer hauled off from tho quay shortly after ton o'clock, and procoeded round to Duguid's Wharf, where the Johu Wil liams and tho John Wesley — both engaged in tho samo mission of peace — were lying. The party was speedily transform! from tho steamer to tlio barque, whon a valedictory service was held. Among those present wo observed tho Revs. Messrs. Bazacott, Blain, Thomson, Johnson, Beer, Hum phries, Eggleston, M'lntyre, nnd M'Curo, besides a number of tho leading laymen of the different churches iu tho city. After psalmody and prayer, the Rev. W. M'lntyre delivered a suitable address, in which ho alluded to tho beneficial effect that the rocent visit of tho missionaries to Sydney was cal culated to havo upon tho minds of Christians in awakening them to a greater interest, and arousing ton deeper energy in regard to tho evangelisation of the heathen. He then, in addressing the younger missionaries, called thoir attentisn to several dntios iiidisnenmibtn tn nnpi'ncs ,,a arics. In conclusion, he bade them, in the name of the churches, an affectionate farewell. Tho Rev. Dr. Turner offered, on behalf of himself aud those who voyaged with him, his mo3t hearty acknowledgments for the kindness they had received from tho hands of the people in Sydney. Ho thanked them for their services in endeavoring to put down tho slave trado among tlio islands, and lie expressed a hope that they would not rest until a commissioner was sent I to Peru with a view to the rescue of those islanders who were still in slavery. He also desired the Christians of this city to uso their influence to pre vent tho importation of much liquor iuto the islands, as ho remarked that ono of these floating grog shops did more harm than four or fivo slavers. Tho rev. gentleman stated that a letter had been recently received from tho Rev. Mr Geddye, of Anoitiom, stating that after a long and full investigation, there remained no doubt but that the islanders of Erro manga had beeu incited by Raugi— a Malay who acts as agent to the saudalwood traders, and who has twelvo wives, all daughters of chiefs — to murder Mr and Mrs Gordon ; and he (Mr Turner) hoped that overy legitimate effort wonld bo made to havo this person removed. He then in affecting terms bado them adieu, and expressed a liopo that if thoy mot no moro on earth they would meet iu heaven. A hurried farewell was taken of tho mis sionaries nnd thoir wives, tho visitors wero again transferred to tho steamer, and at a few miuutos past twelvo o'clock the warps wore cast off from tho wharf. Tho vessol was then taken in tow by tho Breadalbane, and towed down under the lee of the innor North Head, whore tho tow lino was cast off, and sail baring boen mado, the beautiful littlo barque, amid tho chccring from either party, the waving of handkerchiefs, and tho uttering of that 'word which makes us linger farewell ' — stood gallantly to sea with a frosh north-eastor. The steamer pro coeded to Manly Beach, whero the party landed and spont the remainder of tho day in picnicing, returning to tho city at five o'clock in the evening. Wo should stato that the John Williams is bound to Mare, Lifn, and Uea, of tho Loyalty Group ; tlienco to tho New Hebrides, nnd then to the Navigator's Islands, whero on different islands she will land tho missionaries, nainaly, Dr. Turner, the Rev. W. A. Murray, the Rt»\ Mr Whitmee, Rov. Mr King, nnd Rev.' Mr Mills.— S. M. Herald, September 20. In Washington, lately, a newsboy, in the ab sence of exciting news wherewith to Btimulato pur chasers, went through tho streot crying out, ' 'Nother raid by Stonewall Jackson !' An excited gentleman stopped him with, ' I tho't Jackson was dead?' ' Well, ao he is ; but his ghosts is makin* this 'ere raid.' 