MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. COASTERS INWARDS, July 13—Maid of the Mill, Taylor's Boy, timber ; Victoria, Pittwater, produce ; Stranger, Taylor's Bay, timber ; Uncle Tom, Huon, timber ami potatoes; Louisa, Thames, Emma Jane, Aberdona, Barnes Bay, firewood ; Crinoline, Forrestier'e Peninsula, firewood-, j?CoIup, Snug,firewood ; Edward and Christopher, Pittwater, produce ; Rebecca, Huon, timber; Happy Jack, N. W. Bay, timber.; The Shannon, from Port Arthur, with a caigo of coals, arrived yesterday. The brig Windhover, for Lyttclton, cleared yesterday with a full cargo of timber, &c.; The schooner Balmoral is now upon McGregor's slip receiving repairs. Sbp will be launched about the latter end of this week. At sundown, last evening, the schooner Camilla, outward hound, was in Half Moon Boy j and tbe Britons' Queen, from Melbourne, was in Bull Bay. The Barque Wclcorae.—Advices have been received via Melbourne from Mauritius, up to 19th May last, and we glean from them that the Welcome, about whose safety some apprehension had begun to be felt here, had been obliged to put back to Port Louis, after meeting with very heavy weather, in which the vessel had sustained some damage, necessitating the jettison of a portion of her cargo in order to save the ship. At the date named she had discharged the bulk of the remainder, and it was expected she would be again ready for sea by the end of May, so that her arrival may now be daily looked for.— NOTICE TOVESSELS EXEMPT FI.'OW PILOTAGE.— Much inconvenience is experienced in consequence of masters of vessels arriving in port neglecting to hoist the number of the port from whence they come, although such vessels may be exempt from pilotage ; and attention is called to the following regulation :—" The master of a vessel shall not be entitled to claim exemption from the paymentof pilotage unless when within one league of the entrance of an)' port or barhour a signal heal sn hoisted in some conspicuous part of the rigging, according to the numeral pendant used for such purpose, indicating the port from which such vessel has arrived" (II Victoria, No. 15,Sec. 8).— WNIICK OF TnE RciIOONF.lt l'RINCLS OF DEN- MARK.—From the information we are able to gather yesterday respecting the wreck of this vessel, it appears that she left Sydney about the beginning ot February last, for one of the islands of tbe Chesterfield Group, on which is situated a whaling station. She was loaded with stores for this station, where she arrived about the 20th February. She had landed suecissfnlly nearly the whole of her cargo when, on tbe 19th Match; during a heavy jrale, she parted her cables and went ashore. In about half an hour scarcely a vestige of the vessel was to be seen. The whole of tbe crew with great difficulty succeeded ia saving their lives by either swimming or floating on tbe debris of the wreck to the shore. On the second day after the wreck the weatlier became calm, and some of the island blacks, by diving, succeeded Tn bringing up from the wreck sundry small articles, among which were several of the carpenter's tools and a spy glass, and one or two chests belonging to the seamen. As early as possihle after the wreck tbe crew commenced the building of the little vessel which has brought ten of the crew safely from Brampton Shoal to Brisbane, a distance of about 600 miles this voyage was completed in eight days. The vessel, which was somewhat appropriately a:d good h'lmouredly named by the crew Hamlet's Ghost, is built partly from portions of the wreck which were washed on shore, and partly from some boat planking which was brought from Sydney for the use of the station. She is built after the American style, and taking into consideration the difficulties under which she was constructed, she isa, very creditable ^ ^ m ^ h V ^ L ^ Tell jD „ geursy t her speed is not despicable. as may be ascertained by the quick run she made to this port. Eleven of tbe natives who were part o£ *be crew of tbe *hoone Stnee of Denmark were left on the island with about eighteen month's provisions. Du.'ng the voyage of.the Hamlet's Gliost t > Brisbane, she I'xpe.lenced fine ^Teqjtar unt : ' neari.-ig this coast, when she'ena)unvr5y i, st.vone: southerly winds for the last two flays. The crew had plenty of provisions during the whole of the passage.—' ' C. Chronicle,' July II. 'Sydney Morning Herald,' July!. Qaeens'and Guard'an' Jt^yA. 