* I8IT TO WILLUNGA. Thursday, the 17th December, was kept as a high festival in Willunga. The intimation that His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly would honour by his presence the opening of the new Oddfellows* Hall was hailed with delight by tlic people ot tue township and the residents around it. Early iu the day flags were hoisted in ditierent directions, and more elaborate attempts at triumphal decora tion were made at the bridge entering the town ship, at the Oddfellows' Hall, and the Alma Hotel, which displayed an arch over the entrance of ever greens aud roses of unusual size and rare Ueauty. The principal stores were also decorated with flags and evergreens. An important case— Spargo v. the District Council -had occupied the Local Court the previous evening until 9 o'clock, when it was adjourned until 8 on Tdursday morning. The. matter consumed so much time that the Special Magistrate, Air. K J. Peake, was unable untd the last moment to prepare an address to be presented by the Magistrate to His Excellency. Other bodies also delivered addresses of welcome to His Excellency, who in each case returned suitable replies. ,,,',. ? His Excellency was not expected until 1 o clock, but he arrived at 12 o'clock; and even at that time persons eager to welcome him gathered about the entrance of the township, and some rode oft' to meet and escort the. viceregal cavalcade.; His Excellency ? and party, which included the Hon., Clnei ! Secretary.-the Hon. Treasurer, the Collector of Customs, and the Chief: Inspector uof Police, proceeded to the Bush Inn, where several gentle men of the district were intrdducedtoSirDomiuick Daly. '. ?..'..'. . At 2 o'clock the WillungaVolunteers Were drawn up opposite to the Bush Hotel, and the procession started for the Oddfellows' Hall in the following order:— Volunteers Hearing the Hag of the Wil lunga Company: bearers with the «reat banner of the M.U. .District; His Excellency, Mr. Coltou. ALP., aud Mr. G. Hamilton ; the ilon. Mr. Ayera and the., Kev.. E. K. Miller;' the ?Treasurer and the Collector of Customs ;. thii Willunjra Lodge of Od'di'eltows, two and two. in fullresalia.j Arrived at the new Hall, the banner was placed, at the entrance, aud His Excellency and suite ascended the steps. . . .. ...1.T&B; ADUKE3S. MrlMAKmr Chairman of the District Council, read, and presented the following- address:— 'To His txceliency Sir Dominick Daly, knight. Governor-in-Clnef of South Australia, and Vice- Admiral of the same. ' „ 'The District Council Of Willunga, on behalf of their constituents; have great pleasure^ this day in welcoming your Excellency for the first tune to this township:. ' ? ; ...'., 'Although we cannot boast of a rich mineral district where 'wicked wealth is digged up, 'yet, a3' agriculturists,' we think we justly claim a con siderable quota in the production of thoseinecessa Ties Indispensable to pur existence; and' in, conse- quence, therefore, to share with our felluw-cpld: rrists in the culogimn awarded to South Australia at 'The, .World's. Greaf Show5 of 'producing- the finest wheat in the world. ? ? : | :' ; . 'We wish more particularly at thai time to express throdR'h your Excellency our undeviating loyalty to our beloved and Most Graeiom Queen, whose virtues we trust may be imitated by and handed down to our great nation's posterity by Her Majesty's illustrious family. ' - ' Permit us also on this occasion to indicate our appreciation of the great boon and free institution, the ' District Councils Act,': assuring your Excel lency that it has worked admirably, und that in its operations it is proved to be well adapted to meet the requirements of our colony, it 'having already been productive of much good to this our new1 arid free country.' ?? ?. - ?'?'?',?.'..'', \- '.We. beg'also to convey our ? high appreciation of your Excellency's able qualities, as Her Ma jesty's representative in this province, arid trust . yon may be long spared to continue that govern ment you have so successfully begun. ? ~ -' ' 'Signed on behalf of the District Council and District of, Willung.1.. .'...?- ? ; ? ' ?- 'Thomas Martis, Chairman. ' 'Wfflunga, December 17, 1863.' - His Excellency said — I thank you very sincerely r for the^ warm.. reception given tome upon thi3:!the first occasion of myvisiting your beautiful district. I had promised in self this pleasure up nra former occasion; but I was com~ peUed to forego it, and relinquish for the time my intention, to t-ay yuu a visit- . I had heard much uf the beauty of your district, but from what 1 have seen this day I can say that it has not been exaggerated. It is true that I have seen it under circumstances most favourable, whether we con sider the richness of the crops uo-.w ready to be gathered, or the beauty uf the. weather with which we are favoured. - 1 thank you especially for the thoroughly loyal expressions contained in your address. It- is my. great satisfaction, on all such occasions as- the present, to. receive similar assu rances from, the people in every, portiou of the colony to which my visits have, extended. I;, aia btypy to believe . that this feeling will, be m. durable w .it is aow geaenl You Juvi been pleased to express four approbation of. the course pur4uea,by.'me in.tfte. zdvernmeat of thjg colony. Itis very- grati/ymjr/pin'fc to recehe p-iHidn; ot.lhfi'-wiuoabity.ji^ }aw6«b;io tbe Centre 6JE. dctioiUo bt leilv-.wefl acquainted with roe.' njj^.io :jr#$: JUu . tttfttnwm ? k-;eoa- - fc-j-'-.'.Oj iinc ' inn .^r?»- ;-.-.? ...^ %? .,.'',.,, .? t':.1!|f ,'!.,;',, lucted. Youafe.1 ?* feappy to^fcett, totafiear-i rith the workhifi of ymir Municipal institutions; Ti ndthattDme is an additteiul -proof dLfgat-va^l elligence. It has been ray lot to assist in the t ntroduction of such institutions into a British t lolony very far awa- and many years ago, and in - 10 instance have they produceu discontent where ( hey have been honestly carried out. Let the - ipirit of party ba overcome and jobbery avoided, i ind such institutions produce unmixed good. I i im pleased to find that you know then* utility and i rork them to the general advantage, as any - honest *and intelligent community can work I iem. They have another advantage. They ? ire the nurseries from whence the Par- : [iament must be replenished. When the age i if this colony is considered, it must be ad- ; mitted that it h*» made great advances, and it is impossible to predict the limits of its future ; progress. You have ample room to employ profit ibly twenty times your present population, and I dope I. -hall hear no more of the stupid outcry Eigainst immigration. There is no country in the world where imnrgration can produce «uch great, immediate, an t permanent benefit. I trust that I shall be able to pay m-iny future visits to your beautiful district, and to biing others of my family to participate in that pleasure. . Three cheers were given on the conclusion of Uis Kxcelleney's reply. , , , The officers of the Willunga Lodge approached, when P. G. Crafter read and presented the follow ing address — . _ . ? . , 'To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly/Knight, Governor-in-Chief of the Colony of South Aus tralia, &c;, &c.; 'The officers and members of the Loyal WU lunga Lodge of Oddfellows present themselves before your Excellency with the depart sense of your condescension and kindness m accepting their invitation to the opening of their Hall. ' The happiness and good order of a people are much promoted by the example winch, in social and domestic life, their rulers show them. The like blessingi we invoke on our gracious Queens, and the Royal Family, we most cordially pray will descend on 3'ourself,- Lidy Daly, and familv; for the people you govern see with pleasu.e the silken cords of lo.e and afection which Jjmd yoa to each other. .,.,,. , ?'The endearments of home, the kindred ties of husband and wife, father and child, are largely promoted by mcaus of our extensive Society, a branch of which is now before you By ite almost universal instrumentality miiny of every country and denomination are aided in the painful passages of life -in sickness and u.-reaveinent. 'The fast increasing numbers of our Order here render greater accommodation necessary. To meet this ihe building, the-peningof which we this diy inaugurate, has been erected. Joyfully, then, do we hail your presence here on this aus picious occasion, feeling that in the bosom of your Excellency beats a heart responsive to the sorrows and troubles of humanity. ' Welcome, then I thrice welcome to Willunga! May its circling hills aud suulis slopes recur to you with pleasure for many a future year; and may we, your people, have in store a repetition of your visit, which at this moment confers such a general aud heartfelt satisfaction. ' Signed ou behalf of the Lodge. ' UrcuARD Grafter. 'James hughes. 'John Hakoy. 'John Allen. 'Zach.' Williams.' His Excellekcy-I beg to assure you that I receive this address with very great pleasure. I have hail great pleasure in responding to your invitation upon this occasion; but this is not the first time that I have met Oddfellows. I under stand your institution well. I have had opportu nities to see its working in various parts of the world. I know the principles which govern it t io well not to be pp pared to appreciate your benevo lent actions, ami to feel pride in acknowledging the loyalty which has ever distingu Bhed jour Order. The increase of your members and your enterprise in buildinz a Hall for yourselves are pleasing ami creditable. You can now hold your meetings in an edifice free from the reproach too often unfairly cast on the houses where Lodges usually assemble, aud where travellers are com pelled to look for accommodation. The sooner all odges are removed from even the best-conducted hotels the better, iis they will thus avert pretext for unfair iiuput.itions- not that I mean to say that the like was ever experienced by your Lodge ; but I know that such has been the case elsewhere. I thank you heartily for the welcome you have given me, and I hope I shall have many future opportunities of visiting your beautiful dis Captain Atkinson, of the Willunga Volunteer Company, read and presented the following address:— 'To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, Govemor-in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia, iVc, &c.; ' On behalf of the odkere and men of our com pany, we beg to testify our great _ pleasure . in welcoming your Excelluucy to this district; at the same time, we wish to assure you of the loyalty and respect we eiitertain for you as Governor of this province and lepresentative of Her Majesty our Most. Gracious Qaeen. ' The knowledge that you take a lively interest in the volunteers is a strong incitement to pro mote their efficiency, and thus secure the appro bation of you Excellency. The encouragement of your presence conduces to arouse emalat on and promo e competition ; and we heartily hope that the welcome you will receive here to-day, the amenities of Ihe place, and the knowledge you will gain of its neople, will induce you to revisit us at our future rifle-matches. 'Most cordially do we uniie with our fellow townsmen in wishing Lady Daly and family health and happiness, and to yourself, as our Governor, long life to wear the laurels your just adminis tration has earned. ' Capi1. ATKr.vsoy. 'Lieut. Snoswkll. 'Sdkgeost Jat. ' Willunga, December 17, ISO:}.' His ExcELLEh'cy— I am very thankful to you for this address, and I do not think the volunteers re quire to be assured that I look upon them as one of the most creditable and essentially useful institu tions in this colony, which is circumstanced as every other country is where no standing army is sustained.- it is pleasing to see orderly citizens armed, not for offensive operations, but to be pre paied to.act ellkicntly on the defensive, should. an. emergency— which God forbid— arise to require tlieir .services. It is that profound policy of beini? iu peace prepared for war which. has raised the mother country, great as she always was, to a higher position than ever amongst the great nations of the earth. , Great Britain, with her matchless navy, always stood high; but on no former occasion did she occupy such a proud posi tion as at present, when she has 100,090 volunteers, not only enrolluJ, out well uruieu, equippeu, ami determined to defend their country to the last' extremity. It is far from my desire to see the judustry of the colony misapplied, or its interests injured, by top great a consumption' of time in dri.l or rifle practice. A .sufficient time could ba devoted to these purposes without in any way interrupting the proper performance of business duties. With such reasonable attention they could greatly increase their efficiency. As marks men, the volunteers of South Australia did not suffer in comparison with the men of Wimble ton, and with practice they Might reasonably hope to attain still greater proficiency. I must, howeycr, impress upon your consideration the im portant fact that without drill mure than half the value of the marksman . is lost. For the kind manuer in which the volunteers aud people of Willunga have expressed themselves towards me, I can only say that I do not, deal in professions : but when the time comes for me to leave Sou h Australia the people will have no cause to douut the sincerity of my attachment to them, oriny desire to forward their interests. For your kind wishes for Lady Daly and family I hive to return my most cordial thanks (Applause) Again three cheeis were given for His Excellency, and the like for Lady Daly aud t'ainiiy. Mr. E. J. Pkake, Soecial Magistrate of the Distiic , read arid presented the following address : 'To His Excellency Sir Diiuiniclc Daiy, tnignt Goyernor-ih-Chief of South Australia, ice. ' 'May {tplcaje your Excellency— ' ' 'We the undersigned, lichen of Magistrates of 'Willunga, offer your Excellency our congratula tions on this occasion of your first visit to Wil lunga, and venture to bid you a hearty welcome.- ' ' We trust your Exceljeucy's visit to this district may alf/ord you pleasure, as it is doubtless a source of great gratiiicatidn tbus and thu inhabitanti.vf Willunga and the neighbourhood. ? ',' Our district .is emiupntly. agricultural, and we : trust yo^ur e&cellericy; tfiU, derive soine. satisfaction, inj'our journey through tllecountry af 'this seasen, and at Che sight t'f 'a contented, .industrious, and loyal people, occupied in- gathering a ricJi harvest from their lands.' ' '. .. . ? ? 'May we, _in conclusion, express a hope that, though this is your Excellency s first risit to Wil lunga, we may be honoured .on future occasions by other visits' eqiially gratifying to us and the people atlarse. ' . ' . ' ' ' , ? ''We have the honour to be, your Excellency's obedient servants, ' ??. ' ? ? 'V '? ? . 'E. J; Peak* SlM: , , 'JK, Boswokth; JvP. '£; S. Mackintosh, J.P. ? ? ?' - '-i. S.Kelx,J.P.' .. HisExCKLLENCTsaid-I feel gratified' at your kindness in presenting this address to me on this ray first visit to. W illunga. That I have not visited this important district before will I hope be attri- . huted to the proper cause -the very prolonged session of Parliament, which prevented riiy'!ea-jn£ the vicinity of Adelaide. I had actually liiadear-; rarigeraents to coine, but afterward* wai compelled tp defer that- pleasure until tfriVday. Itau only, say that I am so gratifie I with all I see . and hear ' that' I shall take uii earty opportunity to. repeat niy. visit, perha.'8 accompanied by the ladies of 'lhy; family. (Hear and applause) ?; ?? ? . : '?' ' ' ? THB L0NCH. ? 'r ' ' His Excklle-VCT haviug replied to' the various addresses, he was escorted by tbe Lodge officers to the rear of the new Hall, where lunch was spread in a temporary booth erected for the ocawon. The District Officers of the M.U., who had lent the district regalia to give eclat to 'the affair, and attended on special imitation, were, by some un fortunate oversight, not presented with tickets, or introduced into the booth ; and feeling indignant ac ;the suppose:! slight, withdrew without taking any furthec part in the proceedings. There was'dn ample supply of good things, and the companv ,came'well prdpored to do them justice; Kb: J. Coltoh, M.P. for the district, piesided;'piihisright: was seated His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, the Hon.' Mr. Ayers (Chief Secretary), and ftlr. G. Hamilton iChit-f Inspector of Police). On the left, of- the Chairman were seated the Hon. J. H'.rf (Treasurer;, Major Douglas ((^Hector of Customs}, and the llev. E. IC. Miller. Dr. Mackintosh acteu as Croupier; he was supported by Mr. Hell, J. P., the Kev. Air. H -wie, ani the officers of Hhe Wil lunga Lodge. The ttev. E. K; Miller said' grace, and on the conclusion of the repast the Bay. Mr. Howie returned thanks ? ? ? ? ? - The Chairman, on the removal of the doth, proposed 'Tue Health of Her Gracious Majesty ' the Queen:' It was, he said, a source 'of general congratulation to all loyal subjects that Her Majesty had so far recovered from her sad be reavement as to be able to appear in public. ' ' ' ' ' The toast was drunk upstanding, the band play ing the National Anthemf. ' .. .V'.l . -! . . The Chairman again called for bumpers, and proposed 'The Prince artd Princess of- Wn!e3 and. the rest of the Royal Family.' Public attention, he said, was directed to the conduct of the Prince of Wales in the natural desire to ascertain his fit ness for the high position which he wm destined to fill; but he (the Chairman) hoped it would be long before the Prince of Wales should be called upon to fill that position or the country would be deprived of his illustriow mother'sexi mpie. ' Tlietotst was drunk with spptttue, the band1 playing ' Rule Briunnii.' ' ?' '? ' The CHAntMAK called again for bumpers' to~ drink -'Tbfl UtaithM Hk SxaAltoey.' H-3 wascerv tttn the tmtirmli' W received wUh«nthu*iiBri»/ fh^Altit (a t*i3«N*'fa*MKtt't» harg'hi* pre- ' «?ec-- ihtre that taf, Ak*emUige-*itietwntrr' .' asieccs-wy' uT;ehable His Excellenty ito M-T linlster 'equal justice to all districts,' and His lKoeilenoy4i»l-inveo-«uflkient~reiiM-n-to believe lathe was animated by a sincere desire to know le wants of the colony, and 'a determination to xert himself vo the utnv -'o romedy every evil. Applause.) He said this without the most remote esire to flatter His &'?? i -.i. - He hac been but short time amongs' them, but his rule had been lild, firm, and dignified. (Applause.) The olonists generally baicca that his high duties rere perfornied in a manner conducive to their est interests. The two' Houses of Parliament, so rell represented there that day by the Chief Secre- ' arv aud the Treasurer, shared in the same ipinion. There had been some misapprehension s to the time of His Excellency's arrival that noming.or a much larger concourse would have greeted Uis arrival. He gave 'The Health of His sxcellency ills Governor-in Chief.' ' Drunk with applause; the band playing St 'atrick's Day.'' : His Excellency said he must be very insensible ind more than unreasonable if he were not highly gratified with the reception he met that day. He aust express his regret at having arrived a little 00 soon for the full operation of their arraiige nents ; but, for h s own part, he wa3 greatly plea3ed vith the kind reception Trhich he had exnerienced, md which he coul'i assure them he would riot so tn brget His friend, the President, in proposing his lealth, had, in kindly and complimentary language, ixpressed approbation of his past conduct, and five him credit for the sentiments which he cer ainly eutertained. He .was afraid, howwer, that le must disclaim some of the praise, or he would ippcar egotistical in their eyes. (No, and ipplause) Yes; the President had in his kind less said perhaps too much in favour of his leeds; but it was impossible for the President to «»ytoo much for his desire to pro note: by all neans in his power the interests of the colony. Applause.) It wa-i his duty, as it was his pri-fe ind pleasure, to dp so. It was the first duty he -*ed to his Queen, as it was also his first duty to ler people entrusted to his government. He. would eave nothing untried which came , within his jphere to forward their interests. How far he had lp to the present x jcccedcd it was for them to .nine. Su'.'h efforts as they were pleased 'to say net tli ir full approbation would not be wanting in future; but, as he saw that the Chairman had 1 long list of toasts to get through, he would not id I to the heavy duties of that gentleman by :on^uming time in a long speech. He hoped, ilso, that other gentlemen would follow his sample, and tie would conclude by retunine his learty thanks for the manner in which the toast had been pioposed and honoured. Dr. Mackintosh, Vice-Chairman, proposed 'The Armv. the Navy, and the Volunteers' in a few appropriate sen ences, naming Wellington and Neison as types of the army and navy. Looking i\t what the Enulish volunteers had done at Wim bledon, he thought the South Australian volun teers were not for behind their . bretiiren in England, whom they had the courage to challenge to a tnai of skill. (Applause.) . ; , The toast was druufe with an ause. Air— 'Bed. White, and Blue.' Major OouaLAH, in responding, said it must be Kratifviinr to the several branches of the service to be noticed in that manner, and lie ha-l no doubt that before long another name would attract atten tion and be destined to live in history should ati emergency arise to coll for great courage and pro found, strategy, siich a-» was exhibited by the great naval and military commanders referred to by the proposerof the toast, , Air. E. J. Pe-vke, S.M.,, proposed 'TheParlia- mcut of South Australia.' It required, he said, not only considerable ability, but great indepen dence and prudence, to represent the ', people pruprny. x\i vnv» uu cosy uvsiv ui . iiioakct liic complicated busine-is of lesislation. It also re quired courage to meet the opposition, not always gtnerou«, of parties advocatiiv- conflicting inte rests. The constituencies should n t select men as represcntativ s who promised largely, but those onlv who would calmly think out anil unflinch ingly work out measures for the public good. : The toast was drunk with applause. Air by the band. The Hon. H. Aye'13 said he had much pleasure in responding for the Legislative Council. The mover had well pointed out the difficul ties that beset legislation, and he could par, without any desire to disparage their neighbours, that the Parliament of South Australia contrasted well with the Legislatures of other colonies. He thought nine months in the year was too much to consume in legislation. (Hear, hear.) The recess was considered a holiday for Ministers. He could say that day was a holiday to him, but he would have to work double tides for it on his return to his office. It was, he thought, the duty of Ministers to sec the various districts of the colony,' and to make themselves personally acquainted with the people's wants and wisbes. There was another advantage in occasions like the present which the people ought not to lose sight of— they gave oppor tunities to demand explanations, and if the district had any cause of complaint he hoped they would not let the Chief Secretary off until he had given them satisfactory explanations. (Hear and ap pliuse.) The T«Easurer said he had no desire to talk politics at that '.riendly gathering. His pleasure at visiting the district had even laid for the present the ghost of a ltoad Bill with which he was haunted. (Applause and laughter.) He had, in wn Iking amongst them, endeavoured to recognise old familiar faces, or to trace re semblances to chem in the joyous groups of juveniles, but the altered appearance in the piace and th people put him oat of ms latnude. (A laugh.) They had been told that day of the beauty of the district: but, looking sit the ladies, he was tempted to sneak of the beauties of the district, who, judging from the number of children about, were as fruitful as they were fair and fascinating. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Peake had weilexpressed the difficulties which a member of the House of Assembly had to en counter. Men who went there to listen to. argu ment could not' and should- not be the -mere delegates of a district. It was ?essential that they should be ' free to use their judgment for the general welfare. That w:i3 his first holiday since he took oflicc, and if the old acquaintances lie saw around him had as murfi pleasure in seeiug him as he had in seeing them great good would have come of that holiday. With regard to the road he greatly admired it, and he was also greatly pleased at seeing the style in which His Excellency handled his team. He thought his .own minis terial chief, who was present, might take u lesson from the manner in which a restive . indication was ai rested, and all the team well kept in hand. (Ap plause.) Mr. Mauti.v Burgess proposed 'The Agricul tural and I'astorai interest.' me majority pre sent were, lie said, interested in the first, and he was. certain they all rejoiced in the prosperity of the 'other interest. They had a spleudid crop of wheat this season; but he' thought the time nod arrived for the' farmers to turn their attention to other cultivation. The to ist was drunk with applause. Air— ' Song of Australia.' Mr. Loud responded, referring to the depressing influence of former bad seasons and low prices. Twenty years ago he met Governor Gawler at the. Horseshoe, and no one at that time could predict the p.esent growth of the agricultural interest. From what he saw of the rising generation he had no reason to apprehend any falling oil' in the agri cultural interest for ihe future. Mr. T. ALvum proposed 'The Health of the District Officer.''. M.U.' A better ?guarantee- of their beiiia the right men in the right place could not lie found than the fact that they were the elected of upwards of fifty Lod-'es. There, was no response to this toast. Dn Mackintosh proposed 'The Visitors.' They felt highly honoured by the presence of His Excel lency and the gentlemen from all quarters who visited Willunga that day. ? *? . His Excellency returned thanks. The feelings of the visitors might be better expressed by another, but as he had been placed first on the list he would return thanks for the, visitors. He had to return thanks also for theelegant hospitality with which the visitors had been entertained. 'Mr. (f. Hamilton proposed ' ihe Health of Lady Duly.imd the Ladies of South Australia.' Druuk with applause. Air— 'Here's a health to all ifbod lasses.' ' ' ?- ?; . : ? :. His Excellency returned thanks upon behalf of Lady Daly and the other ladies «LWs family. He folt certain that on his reportingnhe ? manner: in which that toast was receivciEta^would be reminded of a promise to take them to that beau tiful district made some time ago, but which he had not been able as yet to' carry out: ; He also returned thanks'fortf pludies of the colony. . ? Air. Handy proposed J'M'hc Press.' '?-' Drunk ' with applause.' Air —/' When the southern hrceies play.' ' j ' Air. Pakkinson briefly responded. ' [ . ': ; Dr.- Jay proposed 'The Hedlthof the'Cliairman,' who had, he mid, retained their good opinion as a member which he won as a candidate. He :had: pleasure in proposing the health of the ChairmanV The Chai RitAN returned thanks for- the honour done liiiir Iu asking' him to preside1 upon that occasion. ? ; It- mighS not be out of place id, s^y. that lie'contesteil that district at the urgent request of many friends. :He -felt .hisr deficiencies at the time, but promised to do his best; and he had 'attended rsx'uIarly/'to'Thisrduties in the House. (Notliitig should be wanting on his part to perform to' the best of his-ability-his duty in future. He hoped tiiey would soon have the pleasure of seeing His Excellency;. , accompanied by. Lady ,Daly and; the Misses M\y.\ .(Applause;) ' He proposed -' The , Health of the yiceiChairmani'1.' ?.:„.!' , ;': Dr. SlAptiisroii A ' returned thanks, and .this closed the midday proceedings^ , , , j ci , .;? ?:?. .-:?;' m..;~'.IHE:TKA JfEEmfG..: i Th,e dehrlx os- the.Uiincli were rapidly cleared away, nnd the tables loaded with the lighter delieades ?proper Jo' .Ihe tea-table. 'A succession of' blooming danisels and 'flerlous young men, with a tolerable ^proportion, ofmatrons ano juveniles; - occupied ihe booth, and discussed cake and congou for. two ? - hours with evident gusw ; for ' jl^ey laughed conjiimedly.' At length the primitive' oat well used' 'ba'tiquet-hall was .deserted, ' and: all seeiiiwl eager to. get s'cats to witness the. formal opening oi the'riew Ha!!, ami to 'hear the concert. . ' : qpEjrrNa op the new hall.| ', Shortly of tcrthe doors were thrown open, every seat was filled;, there could not indeed have been fewer'than (WO persons preseut. . . ' ' .; Sin Couros took the, cli4r,,aiid having glanced at the' objects of Benefit Societies generally ex pressed a liope that all the expectations of: those who ;]iuiH that commodious room* would be realized.'- He then requested His Excellency to formally open the Hall. '....'. .' His ExcELilKNcy said :— Ladies and Gentlemen The'very clear manner iriwhich the Chairman has explained the objects- for which this excellent and well finished building has been erected renders it quite uh'necessary forme to advert to that point My duty is therefore very simple, and I have great pleasure in performing it. I have 'pleasure also in withessing the interest, taken in'these proceedings by the numerous and respectable assemblage I see before me. I have now to declare that this build ing is open fpr piiblip purposes, an^ Intrust that it wilt lorrg1 bon'iniie to be as. great an advantage (o you & its election' U in' rayljudgment a credit to thedistrict (Applause.) .. , .', ., , ? i;i--; ' P.G. (TKArtEa then read the following report:— 'Mr.- Chairman,1' yonr Excellency,' Ladies and ? ' (}rti't!emen— . ...'. ',' '' . ? [ ' 'Hithb'rtp thiS biKines3! of pur Lodge- has been conducted in a public-house, and many have kept back from becoming members' chiefly on that account^' Moreover, from the continued increase of members the rooru has Income too small for our meetings. It .was therefore su/gested that a more suitable place Should be prosnrod, and an idea presented itself which was eagerly cherished aiid ?ultimately 'carried out. c ..'. ? .. 'Itr consistep first Wobtainirut the public gym pathy, which wa$. done, and who, I ani happy and thankful to say, came forward to pur help most, UberaJljT;byBu1)scriljiiiK.aboHtiI00.. ?' ; . -. ' , 'To^^-^efiondly. aloan. Tbisjra also -did by bbrtowWj^M'tW tomtits M 8 1 percent pertnnutnt '' :'%'.'V ' jJ'. /, T; j 1 -VA ? Bndly 'given by our much respected frieuff find? brother, the late Mr. E. Rowlands. * '?* \- '.'-The supply of -the slates of-rooft- the-carting of - stone. &c;, was also given and done free. , 'The contract price of the building was £500. The total worth, when finished, is estimated at £'?60. There will be a -iebt remaining of £25'. 'On behalf of the Committee we humbiy thank you for the' libenl.support you have reudereduS, . and trust, now that our township will have the convenience of a public hall, that much good may abound to all concerned.' . i 1 TUB CONCERT. ; t \- The musical entertainment went off with great spirit.- The following copy of the programme will show that the music selected was good, and the ladies and gentlemen, aided by Scnrader* Band, did it ample justice; aud thus the great Willunga /?te ended in harmony: -'Glee, It was a Friar ? f orders Gray; Solo. Kathleen Mavournceii; Solo, Sweet Spinr, hear my Prayer; Recitation! Scene from Shakspeare'r Duet. Murmuring Sea; Instru mental Band; Glee, Breathe soft, ye Winds; Kecita' ion, apani.sh Champion; Solo, As J,view these Scenes'; Giee, 0 huppy, happy, happv pair; Instrumental Itand; Band, Wedding March; Duet, Pulaski's Banner; Solo, Cigars and Cognac; Glee, Vintager's Evening Hymn; Solo, The. Harp that once through I'ara's Halls; Solo, Alonzoand Imogene; Duet, When the Swallows, homewards flv; Instrumental Band; Duet, A Voice from the Waves; Solo, We'll help them make it pay; Recitation, Struck Comical; Ulee, The tied-Cro-s Knight; Finale, God Save the. Queen (verse and chorus).' . . 