MERCANTILE AND MONEY ARTICLE. Wednesday evening. THE amount of Customs duties paid to-day is as follows: Brandy . 508 19 9 Gin. . 264 7 6 Whisky . 37 U 0 Rum . 270 17 2 Perfumed spirits .... 3 6 7 Wine ... 70 18 0 Ale, porter, and beer (in bottle) ... 30 2 4 Tobacco and snuff .... ... 190 16 6 Cigars .... .... 05 12 C Cottee and chicory .... ... 59 16 i Sugar, refined .... 15 It 2 -unrefined .... ... 25 0 0 Opium .... .... 63 0 0 Pilotage 13 8 8 Vuca . 100 Total. JG1627 5 4 Messrs. Mort and Co. held to-day their weekly produce sale. The quantity of wool catalogued was 131 bales, of which 52 were withdrawn. The wool market was dull, and there was not much inclination to operate at present rates. The only lots worthy of notice were 10 bales of fleece, ER over S, 17|d. ; 17 bales, RIR, 20. and 16 bales grease, FOR, 9d. The prices realised for the lots sold ranged as follows: Fleece, 15d. to 20d. ; grease, 8d. to 9d. ; handwashed, 14d SHEEPSKINs were steady, and about 2000 were quitted at from 5d. to 7d. per lb. TALLOW. The market was quiet, and prices ruled about the same as last week. Of 35 casks offered 27 were sold at from 33s. to 38s. per cwt. RIDLEY-The quantity offered was small. A prime lot of 117 heavy hides brought 14s. each, and 73 middling: hides 11s. each. Messrs. W. Dean and Co. held their weekly produce sale to-day. Of 55 bales wool catalogued 28 were sold 15 bales of which (greasy) brought 8d. and 7 bales (fleece) 15d. Three parcels of sheepskins were sold at 5d. to 5d. Tallow: 37 casks were catalogued and soldiers, 16 casks beef, at £33 10s.; 2 casks, Tozer Al, £35 10s ; 4 casks, Tozer, £35: 14 casks, Newington No. 1 beef, £36 to £36 5s. Hides : All offered (388) were sold 75 at 13s. 9d., 218 at 11s. 4d, 92 (Newington) at 14s. 4d. THE OLDEST MAN OF HIS 'GENERATION. in the parish churchyard of Ware, Herts, is a tomb on which is the following inscription : In memory of William Mead, M.D., who departed this life the 28th . of October, 1852, aged one hundred and forty-eight years nine months three weeks four days." FimiEHicKsutmo.-Fredericksburg is the chief town of Spottsylvania county, Virginia, and is situated on the right bank of the Rappahannock river, at the head of tide water. It is between fifty and sixty miles from Richmond by railroad, and is sixty-five miles by the turnpike, in a northerly direction. The town is pleasantly situated in a fertile valley, and has advantages for commerce and manufactures. The rail- road from Washington, via Aquia Creek, passes through it, and, as the through trains generally stop at Fredericksburg station for about an hour on each trip, a not inconsiderable chance trade was caused thereby in the immediate locality of the depot. A good canal has been constructed from the town to a point on the Rappahannock river about forty miles above, by which large quantities of wheat, flour, and tobacco were formerly received for exportation. The river affords extensive water power, which, however, has not been much used. The hills in the neighbourhood, varying in height from forty to one hundred feet, abound in une granite and freestone. About thirty years since the froG pect of Fredericksburg being a rapidly-rising town was very)- great ; but it suddenly stopped in its prosperity, and after, as it were, standing still for about twenty years, it gradually retrograded in-its importance. In 13-16 pig population numbered nearly 4000 souls and in 1850 (ten years after), it had only increased 88 persons less than nine in each year, and being about two percent, in a decade a remarkably small increase. Before the war, it contained five churches, and orphan asylum two seminaries, four newspaper offices, and two banks. Such was Fredericksburg. The correspondent of the New York Times reports a -It is 'living' Fredericksburg ' no more.' A city, soulless, rent by the wrack of war and shooting up in flames schwart night's sky, is the pretty little antique spot by the Rappahannock, the while the peculiar scene of dignified case and retirement. A HOSPITAL PHYSICIAN'S AFTERNOON. The staff of the great hospitals is utterly insufficient to allow of their performing themselves the work allotted to them We discover every now and then a conscientious physician, who tries to do his work. We once calculated this work up in a particular instance.' At half-past six in the evening the Esculapius bee was putting on. his overcoat to return home. He had taken his seat in a wooden-bottomed chair at one p.m. For five and a-half hours he had sat there, ringing his bell, calling out " Come in," examining his patients, and writing prescriptions, without a break. "In the course of that period he had counted 4480 strokes of the heart, listened to 86 ches s, looked at 190 tongues, asked 1120 questions, written 330 separate re- cape?, 11 certificates for clubs, 3 certificates of deaths, and brief notes in the hospital books of 29 new patients, giving their age, sex, occupation, duration of illness, residence, and disease. Altogether he had given advice gratis to 224 people, and remarked that he fell short of his usual number. Shall we describe the man at the end of his day's work ? He was so pale that he might have played Ghost in Hamlet' in broad sunlight. He was a little deaf on one side, from the frequent use of the stethoscope ; one of his fingers was sore from pressing ; his eyes were wearied ; his back ached intensely ; his head was heavy and his voice was hoarse and tremulous. He had a misgiving that at the close of his work he had written a prescription for one patient on another patient's letter, and was dreadfully put out to find that, right or wrong, the patients had gone off with their medicines. AS he passed out of the hospital, nine persons, whom he had never seen in his life, wanted to ask him privately his Robenia opinion as to cases some of which had not been, before him for weeks, and of which he had no more recollection than of Adam. His face of white despair conveyed to the anxious listeners meanings of which he had not the remotest conception. When he got away from them all there were still three long miles 3 awning between himself and his dinner. Social Science Review. WOODEN LEONA wooden-legged amateur happened to be with a skirmishing party in one of the recent battles, when a shell burst near him, smashing his artificial limb to bits, and sending a piece of iron through the calf of a soldier near him. The soldier grinned, and bore it like a man ; while the amateur was loud and emphatic in his lamentations. Being rebuked by the wounded soldier, he replied, " O, yes ; it's all well enough for you to hear it. Your leg did not cost you anything, and will heal up ; but I paid two hundred dollars in cash for some." American, paper. Mr. Peck, a London merchant, has promised a gift alike munificent and marked by sound discretion. He offers seventy-three acres of" freehold land near Croydon, worth, at the very least, £300 an acre, for a site for Bethlehem, on the double condition that St. Thomas's Hospital be built on the present site of Bethlehem, and that £20.00. be added by subscription to the capital account of the London HOspital in the Whitechapel' road. 