THE LYCEUM THEATRE. The class of entertainment produced last night at the Lyceum Theatre was of the most mysteri ous character. The first and latter portion of the evening were devoted So the magical illusions of Professor Schiller, from the Polytechnic in Mel bourne. His legerdemain performances are not of the most novel kind, although ho manases them cleverly enough. They comprise many kinds of optical delusion-from the more common trans formation of cards to the production of a caTtload of articles of every description from the "inex haustible hat," borrowed from a person in the theatre. For the appearance of the ghost, the sketch called " Twenty Minutes with a Ghost" (recently produced at the Theatre Ttoyal), was performed. A gentleman, returning in a curious state from the Mayor's ball, is put by the land lord of his hotel into a chamber haunted by ghosts, ?who appear in every questionable and unquestion able shape, until the sleep-disturbed inmate calls up the landlord, to whom appear two pugilistic spirits who box each other, and are joined by the landlord and tenant. The audience seemed more to relish the fun of the apparitions than were horrified at their supernatural appear ance. Their vividness and apparent reality, as the visions were reflected on the stage, added to the humorous nature of the parts they were re presenting. deprived the audience of the terrifying sensation induced by ghostly visions. Indeed, the general impression of the majority of the audience was that the shadows on the wall were real. This idea is, however, dispelled by the melee in which the real and unreal actors are engazed in, and in which the spectator sees the former-as it were-through the apparitions. As an instance of the perfection of mechanism in producing a complete optical delusion, the "ghost" is worthy of a visit. The audience was not very numerous in the theatre, owing, doubtless, to tlie very dis piriting influence of the wet weather. We believe that the ghost will not be laid for the whole of this week, at the end of which period we hope, for the sake of the management, it will " walk" to their satisfaction. BETTING ON THE CHAMPION RACE.-Belts Life says:-" It is rumored that Ebor has got into difficulties for the Champion Race; at any rate, the other horses went up a point or two, and the best of them were backed by the clever people before the dead'uns were generally known. "We may now quote the Champion betting as follows : -2 to 1 against Archer (tk fr), 4 to 1 against Mormon (tk), 5 to 1 against Barwon. 0 to 1 against Zoe, 6 to 1 against Camden, 8 to 1 against Haidee (tk), 100 to 5 against Wonga Wonga, 100 ; to 5 against Melbourne. THE New WUIPPEB-in.-Mr. John Weods, the member for Crowlands, is now the recognised whipper-in of the M'Culloch Ministry, and Mr. "YVeekes, who was early honored by the soft im peachment, has nothing whatever to do with the ' affair. There is however no doubt that a portion of the Ministry intended to give Mr. Weeks the refusal of the office.-Melbourue Correspondent Star. 