HUNTING. TIKE HEtBOVBfB 1IOISDS AT IfclJLMOItB. Dear Bell,— The fact of tho M.H.C. pack being at Kilmoro, for tho first time, caused sucti on excitement amongat all thoae who own any quadruped at all to ride upon, that considerable ovor a hundred borsomen turned out to follow Mr. Watson. Tho country choion -was on Mis Gavan's run, abont eight miles awsy, but. nnfortunatclv. it waa bo billy and timbered that thero was little roal sport, except to those usedto ; 1 rangelriding. A kangaroo was found after aboufi :j an hour's climbing abont, and he donhod away at ; a slashing pneo ; bo' a large portion of tho field ?; were soon thrown out, partly through tbe hounds ??? dividing, and partly through wrong advice given ? to the master. Aftor patiently wailing to hew ? something of the absbntees, tbe majority returned ' '? home with a small nnmbor ot hound', the only j; fuu on the way being the yonng farmers and y boys cramming tboir nogs over every log they y could see. Those who wore left bebind, however, ? j.i managed to mako out n bit of sport to them* f solves, one small party killing a good sized rlyes I with a black collcy dog in a crock ; and tho ', remainder, with nine couplo of honnds, having a Iodk chase right ov»r tho ranges, through Broad» ? ford townabip, and killing about three mi'ca from ? Vlni-o's hotel. Tho return through Kilmoro, with tho trophies of the chevy, was b lively seen», | and the ' regulars' much regretted not havinjr j Bharod in the success. There -were lots of ; 'grnseerF,' and tho rider of Longbow, the day before, got a icattr-cr. Ti no prevent* ai'nger. ; account from NIM ROD'S GHOST. | Eabbit Coursiso.— Sir, — I think, since * Rabbit courainp; Is becoming ono ? of tho ?{ sports of Victoria, if a few good matches t could be mado for some decont nmount, ';, it wonld give an impetus to It, md bring ? ont some good dogs; nnd, to iniunte thu thing, 1 ' will commence by chnllenglog Viotorin. I will - back my two greyhounds to inn a course of flva :' rabbits each againut any tno dtg3 in tin cilony, J for from £20 to £50. RabbltB to tnvo lFOjards f U«v, and English coursing laws to be observed. -i Hatch to taka place neat Geolong. — Yours y obediently, W. HAunisON. '. Tuf. Geklono Hunt.— (From the Advertiser, j 30th June.)— Another splendid dnj'a sport yen- ,J. terdoy rewarded the lovers of hunting. A tolev- ?' ably select field of twenty-fivo met nt tho Wei- { lington, and, after a hearty breakfast, Mr. Henry ! Howcll, who acted aa huntsman on tho occasion, , with Harding as ' tho whip,' proceeded to draw :. towards M ans6eld'e paddock, wt ere a good stroujj ; ecent was quickly picked up, and a smart and clear run of half an hour followed ; eovotal of tho ; riders — »nd among them somo of the knights ot tbe scarlet— coming to prief, Mr. Wiggins getting an ngly tumble on tno suoniaor. ana nounas - came to check at the end of tho half-hour, anal it was evident tho gamo bad flown. A fcconil ; draw resulted in anothor find, and a i-H'C smart ran of ubout twenty minutes followed, over some ?; Bomo capital ieDces, where tho prowess of the \ rldors and tho pluck ol their horses wcro ngaln v pretty woll tested, nnd with tho result of a fow } moro tpill*. Again tho quarry got clear cfi from the pack, and tho Hold and the hound* having enough of it for ono day, a return to tho trysllug- |. place of tbo morning followed ; from whence,' I after partaking of n good dinner, the pi.rty re- ; turned to their respective homes, alter an excollent day's Bport. Tub Ballaabat Hunt.— (From tho Star, 27th June )—Yhe hounds met at Buninyosg on Friday morning, when about twenty sportsmen, principally frum Ballaarnt and tbo '?' atciont township,' pnt in an appenranco. Shortly nfto* nine o'c ock tho word to ' horso ' nm given, and! j after n smart canter tho hounds wrro throw* j into cover near tho Bcninyonp; Mo nit, r.ndl j fencod betweon thnt plnco nnd Lai Lai. 'I'll© kanenroo headed towards the railway, and turned by the fence thnt bounds the Getluu;; rn.ul, find next faced towards Corduroy, where kangaroos turned up nB plrntiful at blackberries. Tho ' hounds now got divided into 'hree ecolious, tho ' greater part of the pack kocri'K nftor tho quarry thnt was flrBt started. On Hearing Corduroy all ?'. trace of the kangaroo w.-9 lost, nuu uvorv person 1 present fcoling that thoy had enough of it, gavo their hones a little breathing time. 'Ihe run from Mart to fir.iih waa abuut liix'.nitas, end tha p«ce terrific. The rough naturo ot tho country soon baked up tho hoisoa, whilst not a fow of tbo field mine to grief. Ono Ballnnrnt HpcrtEi11e.11 got no fower than threo spills, pusuimii;; a Bevcro contusion over ono of tho eyes. The huntamnu. got a very bad fall over n brnt.hwood f-n:!o nnd dislocated ono of his thonldo'r lilalcx. lie waa taken to Corduroy by some, wcoilspllttsrs who diacnvercd him, and attended by a doctor from Buninyong. Several other perrons canio to grlof, but were not seriously injured, ai.d tho run. altogether w«s most severe on both hones md: riders. 