fillip astiS 255r( t|,fscn}Jy. (Concluded.') Yon mustluivo often ohsm veil tlio likeness of ccrtain men to certain animals, and of certain dugs to men. Now, I never looked at Iiul- with out thinking of the great Baptist preaclicr, An drew Fil ler.1' The same l.rge, heavy, menacing combative, sombre, honest cimntenancc, the same deep inevitable eye, tlie same look — as of tluiiulcr asleep, but ready, — neither a ilog nor a mau to be trifled vith. Next day, my master, the surgeon, examined | Ailie. There was no doubt it ii'iist kill her, and soon. It could be removed — it might never re turn — it would give her speedy relief— .she should have it done. She curtsied, looked at James, and said, 'When?'' ' To-morrow,' said the kind surgeon — a man of few words. She and James and Kab and I retired. I no'iced that he and she spoke little, but seemed to anti cipate everything in each other. The foiiowing day, at noon, the students came in, hurraing up the great stair. At the lirst landing-place, ou a small well-known black board, was a bit of paper fastened by wafers, and many remains of old wafers beside it. On the paper were the words, — ' An operation to-day. J. B. Clerk.' Up ran the youths, eager to secure good places; in they crowded, full of interest and talk. ' What's the case ?' ' Which side is i .?' Don't think them heartless ; they aro neither . better nor worse than you or I ; they get over their professional horrors, and into their proper ?work ; and in them — as an emotion, ending in itself or at best in tears, and a long-drawn breath lessens, while pity as a motive, is quickened, and gains power and purpose. It is well for poor human nature that it is so. The operating theatre is crowded ; much talk and fun, aud all the cordiality and stir of youth. The surgeon with bis stafi'of assistants is there. In conies Ailie ; ono look at her quiets an.i abates the eagar students. That beautiful old ?woman is too much for them ; they sit down, and are dumb, and gaze. These rough boys loo; the power of her presence. She walks in quickly but without haste ; dressed in her mutch, her ncckerchief, her white dimity short-gown, her black bombazeen peticoat, showing her white worsted stockings and her carpet shoes. TBehind her was James with Bah. James sat down in the distance, aud took that huge and noble bead between his knees. Rub looked perplexed and dangerous; for ever cocking his ear and drop ping it as fast. Ailie stepped up on a seat, and laid herself on the table, as her friend the surgeon told her ; arranged herself, gave a rapid look at James, shut her eyes, rested herself on me, aud took my band. Tlie operation was at once begun ; it was necessarily slow : and chloroform — ono of God's bests gifts to his suffering children — was then unknown. The surgeon did his work. The pale face showed its paiu, but was still and silent. Itab's soul was working within him ; lie saw thatsomething strange was going on — blood flowing from his mistress, and she suffering ; his ragged car was up, and importunate ; he growled and gave now and then a sharp impatient yelp; lie would have liked to have done something to that man. But James had liini firm, aud gave liim a glower Irom time to time, and an intima tion of a possible kick ; — all the better for James it kept his eye and mind off Ailie. It is over : she is dressed, steps gently and decently down from the table, and looks for James ; then turning to the surgeon and students, she curtesies — and in a low clear voice, begs thc-ir pardon if she has behaved ill. The stu dents — all of us — wept like children ; the sur geon wrapped her up carefully— and resting on James and mo, Ailie .went to her room, Rab fol fowiug. Wc put l.er to bed. James took off liis heavy boots, crammed with taokets, heel-capt and toe-capt, and put them carefully under the table, saying, ' Maister John, I'm for nane o' yer strynge nurse bodies for Ailie. I'll be her nnrse, and 1' gang aboot on inv stoekiu' soles as canny as a pussy.' And so he did ; and handy and clever, and swift and tender as any woman, was that horny-handed, snell, peremptory little man. Everything she got, lie gave her ; he sel dom slept; aud often I saw his small shrewd eyes out of the darkness, fixed on her. As before, tbey spoke little. Eab behaved well, never moving, showing us how meek and gentle he could be, and occasion ally, in his sleep, letting us know that he wa3 demolishing some adversary. lie took a walk with me every day, generally to the Candlemaker Row ; but lie was sombre aud mild : declined doing battle, though some fit cases offered, aud indeed submitted to sundry indignities ; and was always very ready to turn and come faster buck, and trotted up the stairs with much lightness, and went straight to that door. Jess, the mare, had been sent, with her ' weather-worn cart, to Ilowgate, and had doubt less her own dim and placid meditations aud con fusions, on the absence of her master and Bab, and her unnatural freedom fro'n the road and liar cart. For some days Ailie did well. The wound healed 'by the first intention;' for as James said, ' Eor Ailie's skin's ower clean to beil.' The students came in quiet and anxious, and sur rounded her bed. She said she liked to see their young, honest faces. The surgeon dressed her, and spoke to her in his own short kind way, pitying her through lus eyes, lvao ana James outside the circle, — Bab being now reconciled, and even cordial, and having made up his mind that as yet nobody required worrying, but, as you may suppose, semper paralus. So far well : but, four days after the operation, my patient had a sudden aud long shivering, a 'fgroosiii',' as she called it. I saw her soon after ; her eyes were too bright, her cheek colored ; she was restless, and ashamed of being bo ; the balance was lost ; mischief bad begun. On looking at the wound, a blush of red told the secret : her pul se was rapid, her breathing anxious and quick, she wasn't herself, as she said, and was vexed at her restlessness. We tried what ?we could. James did everything, was every where ; never in tho way, never out of it ; Bab subsided under the table into a dark place, and was motionless, all but his eye, which followed ? every one. Ailie got worse- ; began to wander in her mind, gently ; was more demonstrative in her ways to James, rapid in her questions, and sharp at times. IIo was vexed, and said, ' She was never that way afore ; no, never.' For a time she knew her head was wrong, and was, always asking our pardon — the dear, gentle old woman : then delirium set in strong, without pause. II or ' brain gave way, and then came that terrible spec f n /»1 r- ' The intellectual power, through woods and things Wont sounding on its dim nnd purilous way She sang bits of old songs aud Psalms, stopping suddenly, mingling, the Psultns of David, and the ? Fuller was, in early life, when a fanner lad at Soliam, famous as a boxer : not quarrelsome, but not without the ' stern delight ' a man of strength and courage feels in their exeieise. Dr. Charles Stewart ef Duncan, whose rare gilts and graces ns a physi cian, a divine a scholar, and a gentleman, live only in tho memory of those few who knew and survivo liim, like to tell how Mr Fuller used to say, that when he was in the pulpit, and saw a ' buirdly' man come along the passage, he would instinctively draw himself up, measure his imaginary antagonist, and forecast how ho would deal with him, his hands meanwhile condensing into fists, anil tending to ?'square.' He must luivo been a hard hitter, if he boxed as he preached— what ' The Fancy would call an ' ugly customer.' ' diviner words of his Son and Lord, with homely odds and ends and scraps of ballads. Nothing more touching, or in a sonso more strangely beautiful, did 1 ever witness. Her ticinulous, rapid, affectionate, eager, Scotch voice, — the swiit, aimless, bewildered mind, the baflied utterance, the bright and perilous eye ; some wild words, some household cares, something for James, the names of the dead, Bab called rapidly and iu a ' fremyt' voice, and he startiug up, sur prized, and slinking oil' as if he were to blame somehow, or had been dreaming lie heard. JIany eagar questions and bes?echings which James and I could make nothing of, and on which she seemed to set her all, and then sink back un uudcrstood. It was very sad, but better than many thing:) that are not called s d. James j hovered about, put out and miserable, but active | and exact as ever . read to her, when there was a lull, short bits from the l'salms, prose and metre, chanting the latter in his owu rude and serious way, showing great knowledgo of tho fit words, bearing up like a man, and doating over her as his ' aid Ailie.' ' Ailie, lua woman 1' ' Ma aiu honnie wee dawtie !' Tho end was drawing on 1 the golden bowl was breaking; tho silver cord was fast being loosed — that animula blandula, vagula, hospes, comesque, was about to flee. Tho body and the soul — companions for sixty years — were being sniulnrorl nml tnl.-Io.r Ion vn Sim u-« u-.IL-inr. alone, through the valley of that shadow, into which one day wo must all enter, — and yet she was not alone, for we know whose roil aud staff were comforting her. One night she had fallen quiet, and as we hoped, asleep ; her eyes were shut '\Vc put down the gas, and sat watching her. Suddenly she sat up in bed, and taking a bedgown which was lying on it rolled up, she held it eagerly to her breast, — to the right side. We could see her eyes with a surpassing tenderness and joy, bending over this bundle of clothes. She beil it as a woman hold? her sucking child ; opening out her night-gown impatiently, and holding it cIosp, and brooding over it, aud murmured foolish little words, as over one whom his mother com fortcth, and who sucks and is satisfied. It was pitiful aud strange to see her wasted dying look, keen and yet vague — tier immense love. ' Preserve me 1' groaned James, giving way. And then rocked back and forward, as if to make it sleep, hushing it, and wasting on it her infinite fondness. ' Wae's me, doctor, I declare she's thinkin' its that bariu.' ' What bairn ?' ' The only bairn we ever had ; our wee Mysie, and she's iu the Kingdom, forty years and mair.' It was plainly true : the pain in the breast, telling its urgent story to a bewildered, ruined train, was misread and mistaken ; it suggested to her the uneasiness of a breast full of milk, and then the child ; and so again once more they were together, and she had her aiu wee Mysie in her bosom. This was the close. She sank rapidly, the delirium left her ; but as she whispered, she was ' clean silly ;' it. was the lightening before the final darkness. After having for some time lain still — her eyes shut, she said 'James;' he came close to her, aud lifting her calm, clear, beautiful eyes, she gave him a long look, turned to me kindly but shortly, looked for Rub but could not see him, then turned to her husband again, as if she would never leave off looking, shut her eyes and composed herself. She Jay for some time breathing quick, and passed away so gently, that when we thought she was gone, James in his old-fashioned way, held the mirror to her face. After a long pause, one small spot of dimness was breathed out, it vanished away, and never returned, leaving the blank clear dark of the mirror without a stain. ' What is our life ? it is even a vapour, which appeareth for a little time, and then vunisheth away.' Bab all this time had been full awake and mo tionless : he came forward beside us ; Ailie's hand which James held, was hanging down; it was soaked with his tears, Bab lickcd it all over care Jtiily, looked at her, and returned to bis place under the table. James and I sat, I don't know how long, but for some time, — saying nothing : he started up abruptly, and with some noise went to the table, and putting his right fore and [middle finger each into a shoe, pulled them out, and put them on, breaking one of tho leather latthets, ami muttortug in anger, ' I never did the like o' that afore ?' I believe he never did ; nor after cither. ' Bab' he said roughly, and pointing with his thumb, to the bottom of the bed Bab leapt up, and settled himself ; his head and eye to the dead face. ' Maister John, ye'll wait forme,' said the carrier, and disappeared in the darkness, thuudering down stairs in bis heavy shoes. Iran to a front window ; there he was, already round the house, aud out at the gate, fleeing like a shadow. I was afraid about him, and yet not afraid ; so I sat down beside Bab, and being wearied, fell asleep. I woke from a sudden noise outside. It was November, and there had been a heavy fall of snow. Bab was in .statu quo ; he heard the noise too, and plainly knew it, but never moved I looked out; and there, at the gate, in the dim morning — for the sun was not up, was Jess and the cart, — a cloud of steam rising from the old mare. I did not see James ; he was already at tho door and came up the stairs, and met me. It was less than three hours since he left, and he must have posted out — who knows how ? — to Ilowgate, full nine miles off; yoked Jess, and dr.ven her astonished into town. He had an armful of blankets, and was streaming with per spiration. He nodded to mo, spread out on the floor two pair of clean old blankets having at their corners, ' A. G., 1794.' in large litters in red worsted. These were the initials of Allison Gra-me, aud James may have looked in at her from without — himself unseen but not unthought of — when 1 e was wat, wat, and weary,' and after having walked many a mile over the hills, may have seen her her sitting, while ' a' the lave were sleepin' :' and by the firelight working her name on the blankets, for her aiu James s bed. He motioned Rab down, and taking his wife in his arms, laid her in the blankets, and happed her carefully and firmly up, leaving the lace uncovered; and then lifting her, he nodded agaiu sharply to me, and with a resolved but utterly misorabb face, strode alone the passage, aud down stairs, followed by Bab. I followed with a light, hut hedidu't need it. I went out holding stupidly the candle in my hand in the calm frosty air, we were soon at the gate. I could have helped liim, but I saw ho was not to bo meddled with, and be was strong and did not need it. Ho laid her down as tenderly as safely, as ho had lifted her out ten days before — as tenderly as when he had her first in his arms when she was only ' A. G ,' — sorted her, leaving that beautiful sealed face open to the heavens, and then taking Jess by the head, ho moved away. Ho did not notice n.e, neither did Bab, who was behind tho cart. I stood till they passed through the long shadow of the College, and turned up Nicnlsou Street. I heard the solitary cart sound through the streets, and die away aud come again; aud I returned, thinking of that company going up Libbcrton Brae, then along ltoalin Mttir, the mi rning light touching the l'eiitlands and aiakiiig°Llicm like on-looking ghosts j then down the hill through Auohindinny woods, past ' haunted Woodhousoloe and as daybreak came sweeping up the bleak Laminermuirs, and fell on his owu door, the company would stop, and James would take the key, aud lift Ailio up again, laying her on her own bed, and having 1 put Jess up, would return with Bab and shut ; the door James buried his wife, with his neighbors mourning, Kab inspecting the solemnity from a distance. It was snow, and that black ragged hole would look strange in the midst of the swelling spotless cushion of white. James looked after everything ; then rather suddenly feci ill and took to bed ; was insensible when the doctor came, and soon died, A sort of low fever was prevailing in the village, and his want of sleep, his exhaustion, and his misery, made , him ap. to take it. The grave was not difficult to re-open. A fresh fall of snow had agaiu made all thinps white and smooth : Bab onee more looked on, and slunk home to tho stable. And what of Bab ? I asked 'for liim next week at tho new carrier who got the goodwill of James's business, and was now master of Jess and her cart' ' How's Rah ?' He put me off, and said rather rudely, 'What's your business wi' the dowg?' I was not to be so put off. ' Where's Kab ?' He, getting comfuscd and red, and inter meddling with his hair said, ' Deed, sir, Bab's died' ?' Dead 1 what did lie die of ? ' ' Wecl. sir, said he, getting redder, he didnu exactly dec, he was killed.' I had had to brain him wi' a rack-pin ; there was nae doin' wi' hiur lie lay in the treviss wi' thoracal', wadna come oot. 1 tompit him wi' kail and meat, buthewadtak nanthing, nnd keepit me frao feeding the beast, and he was aye gnr gurrin,' and grup grupin' me by the legs Iwaslaith to mako aiva wi' tho auld dowg, his like wasna at'.veen this and Thornliill — but, 'deed sir, I could do ncetliing elso ' I believed him. Fit end for Rah, quick and complete. His teeth and his friends gone why should bo keep the peaoe, and bo civil '/ 