A GHOST WAJBJELFSr: (mail the express, mar 20.) little inhabitants of a secluded village of the iron cage Noire, in the department of the -Audo, were roused from their beds one night last week by the " sound of the tocsin" for March is the pompous phrase used by a local writer to describe the ringing of the single I b. 11 of the small parish church. The idea of a fire first suggested itself to the minds of the m1 lagers, but as no fire was to be seen they in asked to the church to see what was the matter. To their great astonishment, how , < ver, the church door was locked ; no voice responded from within to their loud shouts . of inquiry; and yet the bell continued to i mg loudly and hurriedly! The cure was 1 -i e tied up, and brought the church key. With 1 tu ambling Stops and beating hearts theé crowd for lowed their pastor into the sacred building. They penetrated into the belfry, and-oh! I am error of horrors I the bell rope was violently i i agitated and pulling the bell by itself. The | good priest himself was seated at this fearful I Phenomenon, and his followers, pale with tor for, dropped down upon their knees and I c < seed themselves. It was midnight, the hour when spirits walk abroad. The priest; farmed with his Rousillon, proceeded to over 1 car the demon but all the holy water in the church was soon exhausted, and yet the dreadful bell continued to sound. At length. -it peasant, more intrepid than the rest, value to red to climb into the steeple and look at the bell itself. As he mounted the dark ) narrow, winding ladder which led to the abode of mystery, the terrified parishipnoH II low matter their patemoBters with increased rapidity. In a few moments an unearthly shriek from the devoted messenger left no doubt on the minds of the noonie below that he had met with the devil himself. As the unhappy man approached the bell it did ill- ill ed cease to sound, but by the flickering ; a'o light of his lantern he saw crouching down close to the clapper a black, monstrous, h cloud form, with two yellow eyes which chared full upon him. The poor man fainted may and for some minutes an awful silence reigned in the church. Then, by a sudden i und simultaneous impulse, several men to , failed to see what had become of their cars- melon, and, imparting courage to each other, rushed up the ladder together. On nearing I « he bell they found a large police, who had got one of his fore-feet entangled in the rope, | and which, in its endeavours to escape, had been the cause of all this terrible commotion ' in the Montagne Noire. The New Chinese Squadron-Ldr Liverpool correspondents have obtained some part trailers relative to the vessels, which, have been building by Messrs. Laird Brothers, of Birkenhead, for the squadron that Captain Sherard Osborne has been forming in this country for the Emperor of. China. The *l schists, iron screw gunboat, which has been completed within the last few weeks, mea Mires 150ft. in length, 20ft. in breadth, 12ft. 3in. in depth, and her tonnage is 460 U.K. Rho is entirely of iron, very strong, and lion general fittings and armament are arranged after the plan of the most approved vessels of her class in the British navy. Her engines are a pair of direct-acting horizontal screw engines of 80-horse power, for which Messrs. Laird received a prize medal at the International Exhibition last year'. Messrs. Laird have lately supplied duplicates of these on lines to Her Majesty's Government for the guillotine Jaseur and Newport The Tientsin ¡ ¡umedwithoiieOo-pounupivot-gun, and four -"'pound broadsides, while the decks are arranged to receive another pivot-gun if required. I he Tientsin steams (fully laden, with stores, coal, cc.,) 69 knots per hour. She is under the charge of Commander Nicols, and sailed from Falmouth for Hong Kong last week. The Quangtung, an iron paddle-wheel steam gunboat, is another vessel which has been built by Messrs. Laird for the Chinese \--squadron. Her length is 185 ft., width 24ft., a path 12ft. Sin., and tonnage (now.) 522. Shots entirely of iron, divided into watertight com- partments; and her bow is made particularly strong, with a projection below the water which will serve as a ram. The ship is armed with one (68 pound pivot gun forward ; otto six- pound Whitworth pivot gun aft four one-pound broadside guns; one 24 ported howitzer, besides the usual boat's guns. 'The crew consists of about ninety men. During her trial, trip the speed of the. Quangtung, with the two after boilers shut off entirely, areas seven knots, the engines making eighteen revolution. At a previous trial, when the vessel was in light trim, site realized a moan of speed of over thirteen knots, the " engines Linking thirty-six to thirty- seven revolutions -with an indicated horse-power of 700. The Juangtunc shipped her powder in thojtforeoy -a Thursday, and sailed the came evening for Falmouth 2Äs Times. WOLF-IIONTIHO IN FRANCE. This GJCpOfi ment, in which the Duke of Beaufort has shown so much enterprise and perseverance, has now been brought to a close. His grace did much reason to Vic satisfied with the sport he Fits obtained, and with the warm welcome he has received at the hands of our neighbours. His famous pack have proved themselves in -a very respect- worthy of their great fame, 'the result of the expedition has proved quite successful, inasmuch as it has elicited this Licfc that the (lakes foxhounds would fare and kill anything when called upon. It was no small trial to ask the dogs to encounter in new and strange a quarry as a wolf; and the duke has every reason to be proud of the ready pluck of his Badminton pack. -We have received the following account of the last day's hunt :- On Thursday, April 80, his grace the Duke of Beaufort's hounds, got it way with an old wolf, only about 200, yards behind him, and he took them the most brilliant run possible of one hour and forty minutes, without a cheek, hardly a hesita- tion-sovontoen miles by the map. Unfortunately they came to a highly manured gold, which smelt so strong at the distance of 20) i r 300 yards, that they came to a check and lost their wolf It was the duke's last day, and he was so much pleased at the fine run that he did not so much regret not killing, though that would have made a brilliant finale perfect. Five Englishmen and five Xi'renclrmon woke up at the finish. and also bother, as a man, it was a great success. The duke had had one very good run of forty minutes Some days back ; but the hardness of the ground find the intense heat prevented! the scent being sufficiently good for the hounds to kill the wolf Morning Post. The Patent Ghost Modern researches in spiritualism have led to one practical result the discovery of a ghost. Not of an ordinary old-fashioned ghost, appearing in the midnight hour to people with a weak digestion, haunting graveyards and old country man spent, and inspiring romance-writers into the mischief of three-volume novels; but of a well-behaved, steady, regular, and respectable- shot, going through a proscribed round' of our ties, punctual to the minutes patent ghost, in fact, This admirable ghost is the offspring of two fathers, of a learned member of the Society of Civil Engineers, Mr. Henry Dircks, and of Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic. To Mr. Dircks belongs the honour of ] having invented him, or, as the dis- ciples of Hegel would express it, evolved him from out of the depths of his own consciousness s and Professor > Pepper has the merit of having improved line cqu ; Iilernbly, fitting] him for the intercourse o mundane society, and even educating he is on the stage After having bowed to the Polytechnic Institution, be some weeks ago in made his dibtltapon the boards of the Britannia theatre, In a new and highly original drama t, entitled "The, Widow, and Orphans Faith, Hope, and Charity," in which piece he cou i times to present himself nightly, to crowded audiences with the greatest imaginable suc- is. . . . Presently, the vast house sinks into obscurity, only a few flickering gas- jet." 12 ing left here and there to create a faint twi- light. Once again Sir Gilbert Northlaw star super thóstago, closely followed by a Ed to ton. The apparition is corral By striking. It fit gradually and almost imperceptibly evolves its sulyoB out of the air, raid after various movements vanishes with the rapidity of a flash of lightning. A second time it comes and goes as before, and immediately after arrival a female form, the exact counterpart t of Faith, the widow. Close as the eye may watch the operation of the whole proceeding, it is impossible to detect the source of the fine optics delusion. There the figure certainly stands, walks, and talks ; but disappears as instantaneously as if fashioned out of the more vapour of the air. On the second appearance of widow Faith, or rather widow Faith's ghost, Sir Gilbert Northlaw takes courage, and, rising from his seat, attacks her with the sword. But the sharp steel, aimed at a walking and speaking human figure, moots no resistance but the empty air, and the would-be murderer is mocked by a loud sardonic ha, ha, ha This is the crisis of the spectacle. While the baronet is making desperate efforts to grasp the widow, the spectre vanishes in the twinkling of an eye, leaving the echo of it mocking voice resounding from afar. What ever the means by which this curious scene is effected, it is undoubtedly a most clever and wonderfully striking bit of stage effect. Tbrfej in want of a noWi'saiisalion can do nothing better at the present moment than pay a visit to the Britannia Theatre and to the Patent of host."- Spectator, 