A QUEEB CABIN COMPANION. (From Once a IFedc.J (Concluded fnm ma- latt.j Aa I did before, by aticking my pipe tinder your note. I was lorn in a little town in the north of England—" *' Oh, confound it," cried I, " hadn't you better begin at the beginning of the world at once P How do you think I am to (jet my pound's worth of sleep, if yoa give me your hiitory from the cradle to tbe grmTO ?" " Well now," said be, "I should have liked to tell you something about my early life, for I vm always con»idered a very remarkable child, but perhaps, upon conaideration, I had better postpone that Bubject till aoss other night." " Tea, old fellow," thought I, " you can tell roe all that when yon catch me in here again, but that woa't be for aome time, I know* 1 ' - " Wben I waa about thirty," he continued (I roade a geature of im^mtiencc). " I must begin aomewhere," said be, angrily, " and if you don't let me start at thirty, may I new amoke again if I won't go back to mj grandfather." "Thirty be it then, and now bowl along." " Well, as I said, when 1 was about thirty I came up to London, and went into buaineaa aa a tobacconist; I had a snug little trade, and managed to scrape together » modish bit of money. I wasn't quite auch a fool aa to trouble myself with a wife, bo I got along first rate. I had been in the buaineaa about twenty yeare—there's a skip for you—when one fme morning I received a letter with the American poetmark on it. It waa from my brother, the only relation I bad to my knowledge, who had left Sn^and yeare before, and from whom I hadnerer beard since his departure. It was abort, for he had never been a man of many worda." " I should have preferred h» ghost to youra, tben," thought I. " He told me that he was writing on his death-bed, aad recommended to me hit only son. Aa be hadn't any money, he couldn't leave me anything; but my nephew would bring me a valuable meerschaum pipe, which he himself bad smoked for many yeara, aad of which be begged my accep- tance. Thi« was dt A lew days after, I received a note, informing me that my nephew had arrived at Liverpool. I went down and found a fine strapping youth of ifteea. I brought him up to London and put him in the shop, whore he soon made himself uncommonly useful, so that I was pretty well contented with my bargain. The pipe was ipdeod a splendid one. Never had I teen one so perfectly coloured, never had X pouetied one out ef which the tob&ooo; Uited so sweet. It waa universally admired, and many a time hare I been ofewdfrbulous prices for it. But though I was by no mean* disinclined to turn a penny as a general yet aopiehow I had an affection for that inj*^ which increased «if*r4u* Itseemea to me that ever ainoe I had poiswsse ^tt my food had t^ted better, ay sleep had been sounder, my health imf ioved. 8om» «je or aasther at the public Mei^ratfwred to bint that the oompanlonalup of my nephew waa the real Swseof Jlthia,hot Ilnew better. The pipe did it, apd Jhe pipe alone. 1 don't dsn/ that I found it very pleawnt to hare somswie to takea н to, bnt X don'tsee how afibetaons for one's nephew oouldimprorp ooe'a appetite, do you F But, bless me, ron are half asleep ; allow me to waken rottJ' = With that he thruat the bowl of his pipe under my nose, causing vie a fit of cou«htag and sneeiing which lasted for five minutes. " Confound you," said X, when I at last manured t6 Speak," why can't you oome to of vour story, then? What on earth has all this nonsense about tneeriphaiuti fiipea,and Hwiliewi. aiifl appnl.itf |»tto do with you being ^n board this •^Tiaftfifc 1wa litOe »tl«jt, i»dthatt roiCjU^njandletine »jou that|t |B exceedingly Ill-bred on after' occupying inr pfivate „ 0 sleep when I am doing my best to entertain you." "Oh!" groaned I, "what cruel fate tempted me to leave England!" "No cruel fate at all,"says he, "but the fear of the Queen's Bench." " Allow me to say, air, that that is a most impertinent observation." " None the leas true for all that; you know as well as I do that your uncle wouldn't pay anything more for you, and that you'd have been looked up if you had stayed. I dont want to rake up unpleasant reminiscences, but if you won't treat me with common politeness, why you can hardly expect it at my hands; bat to proceed. I grew fonder of my pipe every day, till at last I think no price that could bare been offered me, would have induced me to part with it. As I grew older I gradually handed the management of my business to my nephew, who understood it as well, or better than I did, and spend most of my time in talking and amoking. At last I waa taken ill. The doctor was sent for, and found me in bed with my pipe in my mouth. ' Put away that naatv thing,' said he. ' What nasty tiling said L 'Why, that pipe.' ' 1'ut away my pipe P- not if I know it.' 4 Very good,' said he, * only if you don't give up smoking, it'll give you up. 'Ob, you mean I shall die t\ 'Exactly,' said he. ' That's your decideS opinion ?' 1 Nothing can save you.* * Oh,' said 1,' in that case, aa I don't mean to leave off smoking, I dont see the necessity of incurring useless expenses; so Jack,' that wag nephew,' pay the doctor his fee, show him out, and mind you don't let him in again.' When Jack came upstairs, I said to him, ' I feel that I shan't last long: there isn't much use in making a will, for you are my only relation, and of course, you'll take all that belongs to me when I he, * you don't mean to.'gi've my father's pipe away from me ?' * Not I, indeed, I mean to take it with me.' 'To take it with you, where ?' ' Whn in my coffin to be sure.' ' And what shall you want with it; you don't think you are going to smoke after you are dead.' ' Now, look you here, Jack Simpson, it seems to me that you don't seem to fancy parting with this pipe, and as I am determined you shan't have it, juat you so up to Mr. Smale's, the lawyer's and tell him to come down and make my will." ' I thought you didn't want your will making just now,' says he. ' Ah, well I've alteredjny mind, it won't be the first time I have done it in my life, but I shsn't about the pipe thought so look sharp.' Well, when the lawyer came, though, X felt very bad, I made my will, leaving everything to my nephew, but I took care to insert a condition that he was to buiy me in my every-day costume, and put a hun- dred* weight of the best bird's eye and the meerschaum pipe into my coffin along with me j if he did not choose to do this, eveirthing was to go over to my friend, the landlord of tbe Golden Boll. Well, when my will had been duly signed and attested, I stufied my pipe once more, lighted it, smoked it out, and died. Well, of course, until I was under ground, my ghost could hang about where it liked; so I kept a sharp look-out on my nephew. The night before I waa to be baried, up he came into the room with the lawyer, the landlord of the Golden Bull, and the undertaker's man; put the tobsiwo and meerschaum pipe into the coffin, though much against hia will, as I could see, whereupon the lid was screwed down. And now, thought I, everything is all right, so off I went to look about me a bit. Well, I was buried the neit day, and at midnight, as soon as ever the ghosts were allowed out, foff I went to have a smoke. But what do you think, instead of my meerschaum pipe, I found a score of long clays, such as I am now smoking, and a short note from my nephew, informing me, if ever I came to look for my pipe, that he had taken the liberty of making the undertaker's man drunk, unscrewing the coffin, and eficdng an exchange, wishing me a pleasant time of it with my new acquaintances in the other world. I was burning with indignation, when up came the ghost of an old friend of mine, a solicitor, who had been dead some hslf? doten years. ' What Simpson, you here!' said he,' I am glad to see you; but what's the matter, man; you seem put out at something ?' ' Why, my nephew, Jack, the scapegrace.' With that I told him the whole story, and asked him what he would advise me to do. ' Well,' said he,' the naw ghost regulations are very seme upon us; we are not allowed to go about frightening people into fita as we used to do, at least not in a usual way; but I believe, in fact I am sure, that in a case like yours, the injured ghost is allowed to visit the ill-doer every night until he obtains restitution of bis property. There are, I know, several cases m toe books almost on all fours with yours, though I can't call any of them to mind just at this moment.' ' Then,' said,' I may go down and claim my pipe P' ' Yes, you may appear to your nephew, or to any one else who has anything unlawfully in his possession or occupation which belongs to you aa ghost ;-but, uind, you are not to attempt to take your pipe away, you must obtain it by lair means, or not at alL* 'All right,' said I, turning to go. 'Wish you luck,' said he,' mind you are in at sunrise.' When I came down to the ahop, I got quietly in through the key-hole and went upstairs into my nephew's room. He«*s. in bed asleep. There was a strong smell of tobaoco, and on a chair by tbe side of the bed lav my beloved pipe. The room lighted with gas, which was not quite out, so I turned it on, and then went and took •aeat on the bed and calledout' Jack.Jack,' half h doten times. He .dUn't wske at first, for he always wai a sound aleeper, but after a Ifti^ he coined up • bit, and without opening hit eyes, he cried out,' What doyiminmt$aoa «H»o us youf* 'laa^ your uncle's ghost, Jack, and I am come for my pipe.' With that he jumpt np as if he had been shot, and seised hold of the pipe, dapped it under his pillow, and says he,' I am very glad to see you, uncle, but you don't get this pipe, I can tell you; so you had bS*er go baek4o your coffin aaain, and leave me to hare my Bleep out.' * sou won't hate any sleep, Jack, unless X get that pipe. lMa)l«(mu>tojrW 8t^i>>jnit at twelrt precisely, wherever you maybe, it up I ' Why didn't you take it,' said artful Jack, ' while it was lying on the chair P ' Because I mayn't; but if you don't give it up, you shan't have a wink of sleep as long as you live.' ' All right, uncle,' says he,' I shall always be glad to see you, but you don't get the pipe, as I Baid before; however, as I am to have the pleasure of your company for several hours, I may just as well jnake myself comfortable.' So with that he pulls out the pipe, stuffs it, and lights up as coolly * afc could be. 'Now,' says he,' this is what I qall jolly;' and with that he got quite talkative^ and gave me a full account of everything tMt lad taken place after my death, and how cleverly he bad done the publican. Well, this did not put me in a better-temper, aa you may imagine; so I sat there quite glum and silent, till jaat before cock-crow, when I got up to go. 'What, off already, uncle,' said he j' why, really it does not appear to me as if you had been with me half-anhour. You see how agreeable your company is.' ' You'll find me disagreeable enough before you have done with me, I dare say.' '8hall IP' mid he laughing. 'Then you mean to come again P' 1 Come •gain! I should rather think so. I shall come every night till I get my pipe* ' Then you'll have to come pretty often, that's all I can say—ao ..good morning to you.' ' " " Well, I went away pretty cross, I can tell you. However, obstinate though I knew him to be, I felt sure that I must euoceed in time, for his business kept him late in the shop, and as he had to be up early in the morning, want of sleep must soon bring him to terms. As soon as the dock struck twelve the next night I was at the house. As I entered the bedroom a delicious scent greeted me. Whiskypunch, as I was a ghost! Yes, in an armchair, by the aide of a blazing fire, sat my nephew with my pipe in his mouth, looking as fresh and rosy as though his rest had never been disturbed. His elbow rested on a small table, on which was a steaming bowl of punch, with glasses, tobacco, and a pipe; on the other side of the table an easy-chair. ' Glad to see you, uncle,' said he; 'take a seat, and make yourself at home. You see, I woke up this morning, and thought over all you told me the night before, and I came to the conclusion that it wouldn't be polite on my part always to be in bed when you came. 6o this morning I hired an assistant who had been recommended to me, went to ted at six, leaving Mm to look after the shop, and I have just been up long enough to brew this jorum of punch, which I think you'll find to your liking—so, light up, fin your glass, and let's have a night of it.' " Now, I never could resist whisky-punch at any time; so, enraged as I was at my nephew's 'cuteness, I nevertheless, some- how or other, did as be told me, and in half-an-hour we were chatting together as friendly as could be. "' Tike care of yourself' said he, as I rose to depart," and dont assault the police. You will find me at home again to-morrow at the same hour.* " Well, this went on night after night for some months, and at hut I really think I should have been sorry had he given up the pipe, inasmuch aa I should have then had no excuse for paring him any more visits- Under the intueuoe of punch, I was fool enough to let him into a few of our host secrets which I bad much better have f ept to myself. Amongst other things, 1 informed him that our superintendent, who was exceedingly strict, never allowed us to remove ourselves more than one thousand miles from our coffins of a night, which was a cause of great annoyance to many of us, who were anxious occasionally to travel abroad and see what was going on there." " Excuse me interrupting you," said I, " hut that does not at all agree with many of tbe ghost stories I have read. Why, it is the commonest thing in the world for a ghost to come all the way from India, or some other distant place, to announce his own death." "Ah! Indian ghosts maybe allowed to do that, but not English ones, I can assure you. We are subjected to the strictest rules. " Well, I knew before that ghosts and spirits had to go out At the same entrance by which they came in, for I learnt that from Mephistophelea, but I never knew that they were tied to one spot before." " I don't know anything about Mephistopheles," replied the ghost," but you may rely upon it that the information I am giving you is as correct as anything he can ftirnuh. I am very glad, too, to see that you are becoming interested in my story." " Not a bit of it," said I," but I can't let you have all the talk to yourself. However^go a-head." " Well, as I told you, I had been visiting my nephew regularly every night, for about throe months, when there was a general order issued, that from and after the 1st of the next month, no ghost waa to be allowed out for twenty-eight days, as it was intended to take the decennial census, and also to obtain certain ghostly statistics which had been long needed by the adminiafrrtfop. For this purpose commissioners weifc appointed to ask each individual a certain number of totally useless questions, and although only a-few of tts could be examined every night, it was onurittend necessary to confine us all until the investigation was at an end. On the last tught ot uberty mv nephew perceived^ was out of sorta when I came, and asked methe reaaon. I told him that I should be nnable to see him for a whole month, as f iboidi be detained by business, but that I should nnetf my nsita as sooa as eTer that term had expired. He made no remark at tbe time, but as I rose to depart be said : *Hy dear ancle, your visits have fiiiteS U$ the greatest plessure, bet you will &,Qp» see the propriety of discontinuing mKn in future, when 1 inform you that this day week I am about to marry. You *ould not, I am sure, think of mtrodug iitito my bedroom, and frightening my with out of her wits, and, as a matter of ootirse, it would be highly improper on my part to spend my ai|bbMD Aitaie incahtuMg ahdtmdking.' you, ulS that without consulting me P Very well* sir, you can of oourse pleas* yourself; but if I «mto be 4anied iir future oharms of your coor itfflyour punch, {at any rate, I will carry off my pipe to comfort me, so hand it over, and you will have done with me now and for ever.' "' How many times have I told you that you will never get the pipe.' "' Very good, then, you had better inform your wife beforehand that your house Is haunted, for rest assured I shall never discontinue my visits until that pipe it restored to me. "' Hat is your fixed determination ?' '"It is.' ' "' Very well, we shall see.' *" So we shall.' " Never do I remember so irksome a month as the ensuing one. The instant I was freed from restraint I was at my nephew's house. I entered; the stain were bare of carpets. I passed into his bedchamber ; it was empty. Not a stick of furniture in any room in the house, not an ounce of tobacco in the shop. The bird was flown. "Oh, ho, thought I, so he thinks to escape me in this way, does he; but the possession of that pipe insures mr entry wherever ho may nave gone, and I don t think it will take me very long to find him out. I was just leaving, when I noticed a note on the floor. I took it up. It contained the following words: "' Dear Uncle,—Km you won't agree to lave me in peaoe, I am obliged to resort to extreme measures. I have, therefore, sold my business, and am going with my wife to Australia. I sail to-morrow; the wind is fair, so that by the time you jpt this I shall be further away than your nightly limit of 1000 miles. Your affectionate nephew, Jack Stmpson.' " I looked at the date. He had been gone fifteen days. iEWious, I rushed back, and laid the matter before the superintendent. He admitted the gross injustice with which I had been treated, was extremely sorry for me, but was unable to act in the matter. My case was perfectly new; there was no precedent. But I was not to be put oft in this way, and made myself so general a nuisance, that for the sake of peace and quietness 1 was allowed the indulgence of a year's absence, upon the condition, however, that I went out to Australia decently on board ship, paying for my passage like a respectable ghost, and carrying my coffin with me,' Into which,' added the venerable magistrate,' you will retire regularly during the day; but as a compensation for so strict a confinement, you nave my permission to be upon deck from sunset till sunrise. You will of course behave yourself in a decent and becoming manner, not allowing yourself to be led away to beguile the monotony of the • voyage by making strange and unearthly noises, or by alarming any one in any way, 1 as has been frequently tbe custom among ghosts of bad manners in former timet. I nave myself an objection to smoldng, but I' shall not interfere with your indulgence in that pursuit any further than by refusing: to confer upon you the power of rendering 1 your pipe invisible; and as it would be unseemly, opposed to the recognised order of things, and creative of remarks derogatory to our order, that a pipe should b* seen of itself in mid-air, I must request that you will retire below whenever you feel inclined to indulge yourself in that, to me, offensive habit. You w31 order your esbinto be kept locked during the voyage; but should any one, nevertheless, intrude himself upon your privacy, you will of course have the rijght of appearing to and conversing with him so long as audi intrusion shall continue. You will receive the requisite funds for your journey, upon application at tbe proper office, and you are authorised to appear in a human form for the purpose of taking your passage.' Having concluded this lengthy harangue, be bowed me out, and I lost no time in securing this cabin. I was afraid that I should pass the whole voyage without the pleasure of conversation, but your lucky invasion has caused me to enjoy a very pleasant night. Now that we have once made acquaintance, I shall be delighted to see more of you." "Shall you P" said I; "and pray do you think that I have nothing better to do with my nights than to spend them in listening to your dreary stories? No,sir; sooner than that, I will endure all the inconveniences which a sojourn with the three ruffians whose companionship I enjoy can inflict upon me." " Sir," said he," your remarks surprise me. Yoa bribe the steward to admit you into my private cabin, exposing him upon detection to the changes of dismissal; you occupy my bed, you de- osit your dothes upon my sofa, and when seek to entertain you and refresh myself f by my highly instructive conversation, you treat me with insult. I can only inform you, sir, that you will find out the harshness of your conduct as soon as you are condemned to spend sixteen consecutive hours in an elm coffin down in the hold of a ship amongst the bilge water. But it is time for me to retire. Though it is dark enough below, here; vet I fed that daylight, is at hand." With these words he arose,'made me a formal bow, extinguished the light, and, I suppose, vanished through the key-bole, for when I awoke in we morning, I was done. " And did you never see anything more of him p" inquired one of the listeners. " Never. As I did not consider his conversation chuap at the price of one pound per night, I did not buy any more of it; but, instead of wasting my money, X made friend* with ay whisky-drinking companions, who turned out very goodlellows, and with whom, on my arrival nere, I came up to the diggings. Last year, about this fame, I had some business at Mr. John Simpson's station, near which I waa at work. A violent storm came on while I was there, and the creek rose so much that it was impossible for me to return to the camp that bight. Mr. Simpson, therefore, Very kindly offered me supper and a bed. During the evening I had the misfortune to break my pipe. ' I can,' he said,' only offer you a day, for I have no other in the house* * Hive you not a very handsome meerschaum ?' said I, involuntarily. He looked at me for a moment with surprise, and then replied, laughing.- 'I had certainly, but my wife, there, compelled me to part «th it/ 'And with good reason,' aaid she. I made no remark, but from tJielr words I infer that my friend, the ghoiVfcfcfl M last succeeded in securing his " Well," said the storekeeper," I suppose that's all true." " Every word of it." " Then all I can say it, that I shouldn't have believed it had I heard it from any one else." An Old Chuh 