AMERICA, j For the last few weeks the interest felt in En, land in the news from America has been conee: trated upon the elections in the various Nortkei States, the issue of which, it was judged, might 1 of more importance than that of any military-batt that was likely to be fought. We now know tl general results of these conteste. In the State - New York the Democratic, or (as it is now pretl frequently termed) the Conservative party hai obtained a great success. They had a clear mi jority ot 32,000 in the city of New York, of 8000 i Brooklyn, and of nearly 10,000 in the State. Ti Congressmen elected in the Empire State are 1 Democrats to 14 Republicans ; the Assemblyme are 42 Democrats to 24 Republicans, and in a fei weeks the administration of the State, with a re! power, second only to that of the Presides himself will pass into the bands of Mr Horatio Sey mour, a leading Democrat and opponent of tb ?Washington Cabinet. Io New Jersey a Democrat! governor sod four Democratic members of Congres to one Republican have been elected. But it is ii tbe West that the issue of the contest is most re niarkable. These Western people are strongly at taclied to the Union, and have supported Mr Uncoil With their votes and- with «hat is more importan \--thousands of brave men since the war began Nevertfleíísí. in Ohio there has been a Democratii victory; in Illinois, Président Lincoln's own state and the chief recruitinggróTUjd of the war, there ari sir Democrats to five Republicans fleeted; In India na there are seven Democrats to four of their oppo nents; and in Wisconsin two Democrats to three Republicana All these districts were two years aga almost unanimous for Lincoln. The World, the Democrat organ, indicates the policy of its party in regard to slavery. The Pre sident must, it soys, in his forthcoming message submit to the will of the people. If he does not, New York, Pensyivania, and tbe Western State« will all pass laws forbidding negroes to enter theil States, and so render it impossible for them to come North. Once retained in the ' Sooth, they will be at the disposal of their m as tera; who have an organised military power. On the other hand, the Tribune affirms that the President will not yield, that the negroes are perfectly aware of his order, and that on tbe 1st of January every slave will simply throw dora bu hoe. The Time, of 22nd November thus refers to the results of the elections:--The Conservative victory is complete, and the other party does not attempt to deny it. Oar correspondent says ~ that the Demo cratic majority in the sew House of Representatives will be from ll to 20. This being the fact, the next question is as to tbe effect which the change will have on the policy of the President. It appears that he in qnitn sensible of the condemnation which his measures hare received. Although the new Con gress will not meet till December, 1663, unless -specially sammoned, a Re '? ot .tbs' BepubUcsAjpto bbv tiutt nooncag tbe Democrats;^^m^^^aSuiix \ tbjui the election ofl&^cm Sa^s^-wi^^^^ ba« compromîfevritbtlién^ I ling to Xkiglanñ^tb^ Bermblicans now «ïlect ttrre- i ! gard 'ibe popular vote as uieräy a censure on the military blunder of the Cabmet and ïte generala. I Tbey pretend to think that it is notacondemnatioo ' of Mr Linaine servile war sad Mr Stanton's illegal { ; arrests which is involved m the election of an Oppo- -j sitioa 0)ngress,bntthat the event is similar to the ! outbreak of popular feeling in England which over- -I threw Lord Aberdeen's cabmetiri 1855. Anxious to j lessen the importance of their defeat,the Republicans 1 now copy the trick of Mr Seward in replying io Eo^aoid on tim Trent afiair, and say that the De ; roocrats assert ejL«cUy -uicir ow u »pua.». ¡ , military administration has been defective, and that the.wai mast now be carried on more vigorously than ever. As the Conservative leaders. , to ensure their own safety and not to alienate any of their sup porters, have made use of wtnitm- language during 1 their electioneering, it follows that no sudden «mange in theFederal policy can be anticipated. The Con l servatives must feel then: way, and sot bring back ' popular favor to their opponents by any incautious : denunciation of lbs national acts. Enough for us at 1 prêtent is to know that the worst of Mr Linco'n'a measures have been condemned, and will probably be abandoned. Tbe Conservative victory wQl prevent 'tiie great clime of stirring up the negro race to in surrection, and it will insure personal liberty and free discussion at the North. For the rest we mnst trust to the growing knowledge and the awakened ] r conscience of lbs country. There appears to have been a kind of Saturnalia of free discussion in the Northern States of America during the excitement of tbe elections. Ia tbe midst of endless reports of the speeches of General Wadsworth and Ins friends, and tbe counter ha rangues of Mr Horatio Seymour and his supporters, ! of public meetings, torchlight processions, placards, ', rival election cries, scurrilous caricatures, Sc., we j observe in various quarters the most open denuncia- j tura of President lincoln and bis government. To i quote an extract from a recent letter of the New j York correspondent of the Tîntes:-The War Secre tary, having nearly filled Fort Warren, Lafayette, i Delaware, and M'Henry with political prisoners, has 1 taken a siesta, and allowed a little liberty of speech to the few impatient spirits who yet vindicate their claim to an Anglo-Saxon origin, by grumbling at ! the errors and misdeeds of men in power. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, an ultra-Abolitionist, has declared "that the country is going to wards disunion and despotism because one of the . most honest men who ever held the Presidential ] chair is not a man of affairs:" « that there has been a waste and slaughter of men in M'deUan's and Pope's battles that the government bas never cared to estimate, and will never dare to publish;" that " Mclellan suffers from fatal, hopeless, and ineradi cable timidity, and is more pained to have one man shot than to have a thousand rot in the hospitals;'' and that there "is a deep, widespread, and increasing ] discontent with this weak and helpless administra tion." -And Mr Stanton sleeps, and makes no sign 1 to the provoBt-marshaL On the other side, Mr Fer nando Wood-an ultra-Democrat-bas bad the cou rage to say that, if the President will not inaugurate a change of measures, the country will insist on a ! change of men; that "some second Napoleon will sit in the White House and dictate terms to the country;" that, for bis part, "ifj he is to live under a tyrant, fae prefers an able and bold tyrant to a mein and petty despotism such as that at present existing;" ¿nd, finally, "that be does not believe it possible to conquer the Sooth by military triumphs-but that the Sooth will come back to the Union under Democratic and Conserva tive administration." Mr Elijah Pardy, a prominent j member of the same par ¡y, and known as the " War- i horse of the Democracy," exhorts his friends at Tammany-hall to do their duty at the polls " by 5 putting out the vagabonds who have got temporary possession of the government." And still Mr Stan ton makes no sign, and the provost-marshal moves no finger to point towards Fort Lafayette. The most important fact in the military news of I the month is that General M'Clellan has been re moved from the command of the army of the Poto mac, and bas virtually retired from active service. : This displacement is officially explained as the result I of an inquiry into a charge against the general of j disobedience of orders. On the 6th of October General Halleck, as commander-in-chief, ordered ¡ M'Clellan to advance against the enemy and give bim battle. M'Clellan disobeyed thc order, alleging that he was short of supplies. - This statement; General Halleck says, could not ts true, as all M'Clellan's requisitions had been promptly supplied. The Harper's Ferry ! investigating committee had also censured the re moved general for the tardiness with which he pur sued the enemy. There is, however, no doubt that ' political considerations have had their weight in 1 bringing about M'Clellan's dismissal. "HadM'Clellan been a mere professional soldier, " saj s the Daily Seiet, "no_ one would have inquired what his political opinions were; but he never professed to be so. It j was nell known what he thought of the anti-slavery policy of the government, and that he disapproved of lt. But the present war partakes largely of the character of a war of opinion, And it is approach ing, if it has not entered, a critical stage. Hereto fore, the Republicans have conducted the war much as the Democrats might have conducted it. But as the term fixed for the execution of Mr Lincoln's proclamation draws near, the period of neutrality is passing away. It would have surely been an act of j weakness of the President and his. Cabinet to leave the chief conduct of the war in tbe hands of a poli tician who believed that the method prescribed to brm as a general was erroneous." The following is General M'Clellan's farewell address to the army.--" Officers and Soldiers of the Army of the Potomac,-An order of the President devolves upon Major-General Burnside the command of this army. In parting with you I cannot express the love and gratitude I bear to you. As sn army you have grown up under my care. In you I have J never found doubt or coldness. The battles you have fought under my command will proudly Uve in our nation's history. The glory you nave achieved -our mutual perils and fatigues, the graves of our comrades fallen in battle and by disease, the broken forms of those whom wounds and sickness have dis abled, the strongest associations which can exist among meo, unite us still by an indissoluble tie. We shall ever be comrades in supporting the con stitution of our country and the nationally of its people. G. B. McClellan, Major-General, U.S. Army." General M'Clellan arrived at Baltimore on the evening of the 11th November on his way to Phil adelphia, whence he was to proceed to Trenton, New Jersey. At the last-named town great preparations were being made to receive him. Naturally, the dismissal of M'Clellan has created . great excitement. The Republicin press uphold the action, while the Democratic papers speak of it ss likely to be of important service to the Confederates, i At a Union Democratic Association meeting, John Van Boren announced that be should support the nomination of M'Clellan tis the Democratic candi date for the next Presidency. General Burnside, who is appointed to the com mand of the army of the Potomac, has issued an address in which he expresses confidence in the patriotism of the army. That immediate action was intended was evidenced by the fact that General Halleck had ordered all officers of the army of the Potomac to join their regiments within 24 hours ; under pain of dismissal. As a victory of some kind is above all things necessary to uphold the impaired power of the Government, it is probable that Gene ral Barnside will be commanded to attack tbe Con federates. General Lee has, it is said, evaded the ; Federals, so as to avoid fighting in the Shenandoah <? Valley, and his forces aro posted at Gordonville, whilst General Longstreet's command is at Cul pepper in order to prevent the Federals getting between tbe main army and Richmond. It is io this district, therefore, that a battle may be ex General Beauregard is preparing to defend Charleston to the last extremity ; and has ordered all slaves and non-combatants to leave the city. The Southern accounts of the late battle at Per rysville, Kentucky, differ from the Northern reports in claiming the victory, and the capture of 9000 Fe- : deral prisoners during the battle. In the West, the | fighting appears still to be no nearer a decisive ter mination. The Federal General, Buen, has been relieved of his command. He is succeeded by Gene ral Rosencranz. The Northern papers are greatly elated by the tactics lately adopted by General Butler, at New Orleans, against his feminine tormentors. Baller s plan was this. By proclamation he required every person in the city to register himself or herself as either a friend or an enemy (a tie United States. The ladies, it might have been supposed, would have had no difficolty abopt gomg to the City-ball and registering hatred to the lincoln government. But Butler's proclamation wag not so easily answered. The canning general required that they who registered themselves as enemies should at the same time register every item of thew private p-operty ; and no article could be sued for, or sold, or enjoyed in any way which was not regularly registered. This completely altered the case, for , General Butler, while he required thia inventory, ] pointed significantly to the Act of Confiscation, and j intimated that the inventory was for bis convenience i ia future proceeding« towards carrying tbe Confis cation Act into effect One of the Northern journals gives a vivid picture of the astonishment of a cer tain " tittie Frenchman," who finds bbl balance at bis banker's stopped, and bis cheque refused, be cause be bsd not got bis certificate. The same writer is unbounded bi bis expression of contempt and disgust ot another "miserable wretch,*' who, having no property at all, boldly went alone to the City-ball and registered himself saw ienen^ to «ie United^tate*. ^«^^rS^b^^mwever.boi^r jte »onOTf W Ur" unght "toss it into lus wsdous maw, Wa* not-to lie thought of. The womenisBemto have *aid«bettfer take ulmodred enforced oaths than fte thus BinnâuB.vml plundered.** The resalí was the women safl. wont-npsmd registered ss friends ot Lincoln and Boüer, and took die OWL ot allegiance. Tïie correspondent of the Jftw Tart. Time» declares the scene to hare been worthy of study. He writesi-*'The belle and the astf stsrved seamstress, tim dowager with her queenly daughters, and the shrinking women who bope I lessly toil for a living, the swarthy creole, tbe pale I New Englander, and the paler-faced octoroon, were mingled in the cro wd." He thinks that it was. ''.evident that many took the oath under a degree of excitement that would be hard to nnder stand by .persons who have not lived in New Orleans.- It was a bitter draught lauuT-Äna^ themselves locally famous for their denunciation of tbe national government, and by their openly mcpxewed contempt for -the national soldiers. It was no pleasant position,*' he most truly says," "for such a young lady, after all her protests and vehe ment declarations of eternal hate, to stand np on the Lyceum stage, and before a thousand people, hold np her small jewelled hand and, pale with-confusion and indignation, swear to support the constitution her father, and probably her brother and cousin, had been teaching her for years to contemn and .despise." There are anecdotes also told bow different scornful beauties underwent the humiliation. "One young miss, as she passed out of tho haB, observed to her friend, ' Well, really it ain't much after ali, is it, do tilde?' One tali lady in black-a widow, I «ap pose, of rather the tragic-queen style, descended tbe marble steps, staring most earnestly on the contents of the certificate. Säe seemed aa if abe would annihi late it with ber. gaze. X suspect abe has lost ; à husband on the battle-fieldsof tbe Potomac She must possess property in New Orleans. SfcLstruggle to save her wealth from confiscation, and her bate Cor tbe government that had, as she suoposed, robed her ia her weeds, made, most likely, tbe letters on that * certificate' burn ber eyes as fire.'' The same cor respondent proceedss-»" As a contrast to this ano ther widow came, and tripped away with the flip pant remark to her companion, ' Upon my word, this affitirbas caused me more emotion than when I stood up to be married.''1' What punishment was inflicted upon this pert widow we are not told. The Philadelphia Inquirer bas mi interesting account of Général Stuart's late dashing raid into Maryland:-"The cavalry, about 3000io number (although accounts differ as to their strength, some parties insisting there were not more than 700 of them), and six pieces of artillery, crossed tbe Potomac at Hancock, or Clear Spring, on Friday morning, and proceeded at once to Mercers burg without committing any depredations, or in the least degree interfering with the inhabitants along tbe route, it evidently being their intention at the outset to spare the persons and property of private citizens, horses excepted; in fact, this waa commun'' cated by some of them to parties in Chambersburg. They entered Mercersburg about noon, to the great astonishment of the citizens, who at first thought it was a body of Union troops. No damage was done at Mercersburg, with the exception of pressing a num ber of horses, there being no railroad depot, public workshops, or government stores in tile town. They passed through the town, and took the Pittsburg pike for Chambersburg, arriving near tbe town just before dark. One of their first aota was to plant three pieces of artillery on a hill back of tbe town, after which a detachment of 15 men were sent into the town, bearing a flag of truce, and requesting to sec the chief personages or authorities, stating that they had an ample force at hand, and that the tows must bs surrendered er shelled, at the Bame time stating that guns were in position for that pur pose. Hon. A. K. M'Clnre and Provost-Marshal Stimme! thea accompanied them to the officer io command, and, all resistance being impossible, the town wag surrendered and soon after fully occupied Previous to their entrance, however, a nambei of militia of Chambersburg proceeded to ara themselves and make a show of resistance but the project was abandoned as entirely futile. One of thar first acts on enter ing _ was to plant two pieces of artil lery in tbe centre square of the town commanding the principal thoroughfares, and placing guards al different points. The town was fairly occupied a seven o'clock in the evening. Shortly afterwards s large portion ot them made directly for the warehousi and cars, io which were stored a great quantitj of government goods, consisting principally of uni forms and a small quantity of boots. Not loaf afterwards the whole toitn was converted into om vast dressing room. On every hotel porch, at ever; corner, on the greater portion of street doorsteps - in fact, all over the town, might be seen rebe cavalry donning Yankee uniforms and throwing their own wora-ont and faded garments into th street. In many instances one man would enscono his pedestal into two or three new pairs of pants, a many coats, and with the same number of cap hanging about him. The streets became fall o dirty rebel clothing. It is a noticeable fact tba many of them had ou Union uniforms when the; entered the town, and a number of their horses wer marked " U.S." During the night, natu daybreak a portion of them scoured tbe country rouud in qnes of horses, and captured about GOO. Ten of thee le'ooged to the Hon. A. E. M'Clnre, and were lin animals. Among the horses taken was a celebrate bUvck stallion, owned by some gentlemen in Cham bersburg, and valued at 1200 dollars. It is a ver large and fine' animal, and had quite a reputa'ian i\ the eorroanding cannery. Toe rebels fed thei horses at the corn fields around Chambersburg. Th road for five or six miles towards Harrisburg j strewn with corn-stalks that were gathered io tb fields and brought to the edge of the road for tb horses. .The horses of those that remained in tb town were ranged along the streets, facing the sidi walks, and remained there for the night, the rider lying around in different directions. It is not know that they made any attempt to enter a single pr vate house. The taverns were all visited directl alter they arrived and a considerable quantity < whiskey punished, for whick payment was generali proffered in Confederate scrip. The men were, as general thing, friendly and even socially dispose towards the inhabitants, entering into convereatio with the citizens in tbe taverns, barber shops, & [Q one instance one Of them entered tavern in which were several citizens, and slightl hesitated at the door. Some one remarked, "Con in, we won't hurt yon," whereupon he entered, n marking, "Well, perhaps not; but some of ye ïïuikoo» lip so." With the exception of the oceu rencos above related, tho nicht was quietly spen Preparations for leaving the town were coaimenci shoat daylight. Combustibles were placed in tl railroad depot, the warehouse in which goyernms! stores were kept, and the machine íhop, and a tra laid to the powder magazine at the warehouse. T! stolen horses were got together, a large governmei waggon with four horses and two or three amb lances found ia the town were well filled with mi tary clothing, &c;, and each cavalry man had quantity of clothing piled up before and behind bli on his horse, in many instances the pile reaching i to his chin. Three locomotives and the tai number of passenger cars belonging to the Cumbs land Valley Railroad were then utterly destroye the baildiaga stated above were fired and total g insumed. They waited long enough to see that t destruction would be complete, and at eight o'clo in the morning the whole party left the town, ea man and horse a small-sized clothing estabushme The noise occasioned by tbe explosion of tbe po der magazine was so great that it was so great tl it was heard at thc distance of several miles do1 the valley, and gave risc to a report, that spead that direction, that cannonading was going on Chambersburg. The walls of the warehouse bei very strong, did not fall down aft?* which fortúnate circi»a»fc»oce prevented int damage to surrounding private property. None the private dwellings were' destroyed by the fi The buildings were fired about half-past 7 o'clot The citizens of the town were gathered togethei different points, and, of coarse, had to endure 1 mortification, of being psssive spectators of the see Some few straggling soldiers were in the town the time the rebels entered, but either reman concealed or made good their escape towards Hag town or Harrisburg. After leaving town the rel proceeded down the Baltbnoie road in the direct of Gettysburg. About 30 of the rebels are repot to have been captured by the 1st Maine and ot cavalry regiments as they were .crossing the P< mac into Virginia, at Nolan's Ford. The rebels rode tbs sleekest kind of horses, evidently sb from Pennsylvanian farmers. It is stated that t had in their possession some 580 captured hoi upon whose backs were strapped all the valua they had secured. We hear that in the.Federal cities almost ei manufactured article and exotic that men women require in a civilised country is rapidly creasing in price. House-rent, gas, coal, and v have gone ap from 30 to 40 per cent. Coffee trebled, and tea almost donbled in value, as re seated by paper. " Male and female apparel." a recent letter from New York, " has reached i an alarming price that in a few months now the rich will be able to pay tailors' or milliners' unless the profits of trade, the salaries of offi and the wages of labour share in the general i lion. A coat that in London would cost 1 guiness, or four at the utmost, costs from 40 i dollars in New York; and a auk dress tbe most fashionable mercers in A .beet would be glad to dispose of tor or seven guineas, is priced in Broadway a I dollars. A portion of this risa is consequent I the t/atari-prohibitory tsriff, but it is the premio gold tint causes the principal enhancement. 1 checked by a return of public confidence, the juium will abortiy reduce trade arith foreign con tn à snmimom or destroy tt altogether. New «nd all tbe North bare been in the habit of m ÏBerry with »bat they caH the 'dilapidated' difinu of thewe*r%íagi^3ií Qom^eder^ «ol mi^avwl^ra^a^^^^M»^S%ï *tnasses^D 3hel5onfbi!rn îplaîitGiw'fîir.feii^^ ; could «Tihstand so great a:iei^tat~OD,aud demaSso1*.-; reach of the Northern aruïïès. - Tbe correspondent of the JE^^.A1««» gives os, on Ms perenal £uowledge,acuriora ola regiment of Gono^çtiaot «crnîts engaged at- the battle of Aotietmi. They bad jowed only tl^ : before ttie battle, and were wholly uudrilled. Officers and' ¿ten alike-the only military man being the colonel The three days were spent in teaching them to load and fire, and -there was W<£bne to oatSanked by an overwn^lnnp^miKW^S^^cmy. An order was then sent to tbe colonel to irjihdraw them and be was obliged to reply that ñeither'ñico nor omens could execute any movement 'whatever, and he could "only stay where be was or ran away;" and there he stayed, " the men nerer flinch ing under a mar derona fire" till another corps re lieved them, when half their cumber, including their colonel, were stretched on the field. In Missouri a terrible incident has taken place. General M'Neil has caused ten Confederate priso ners of war to be shot at Palmyra. Tbe canse of the tragedy and the particulars of the execution are given by tile Palmyra (Missouri) Caarieri-When the rebels entered Palmyra, an old resident of the place, Andrew Ansman by name, mysteriously dis appeared, and it was supposed he was murdered. When General M'Neil retnrned to Palmyra, after that event; and ascertained tee circumstances nnder which Allsman bad ben-abducted, be caused to be issued a notice that if the missing man was not re turned within tea days he would retaliate opon the rebel prisoners in his bandi. Tbe ten days elapsed, and no tidings came of the man. Tba tenth day expired with last Friday. On that day tea rebel prisoners," already in custody, were selected to pay, withthefcliresjthepenalty demanded. Thenames of the men so selected are aa follows :-Willis Baker, Thomas Hums ton, Morgan Biller, and John Y. M'Pheeters, L°wis county; Herbert Hutson, John M. Wade, «nd Marion Lair, Balls county j Cap tain Thomas A. Sidnor, Monroe county ; Ebenezer Lake, Scotland county; Hiram Smith, Knox county. These parties were informed on Priday evening that, unless Mr AUsman was returned to his family by l o'clock on the following day, they would ali be shot at that boor. Most of them received tba announce ment with composure or indifference. ~ The Bev, James S. Green, of this city, remained with them daring that night as thor spiritual adviser, en deavoring to prepare them for their sudden entrance into the presence of thew Maker. A little after ia o'clock at noon tbe next day, three government waggons drove to the gaoL One contained four, and each of the others three rough board coffins. The condemned men were conducted from the prison, and seated in the waggons-one upon each coffin. A sufficient guard of soldiers accompanied them, and the cavalcade started for the fatal grounds. Proceeding east to Mam street, the cortege turned, and moved slowly southward as far as Malone's livery stable. Thence turning east, it entered the Hannibal road, pursuing it to the residence of Colonel James Cul bertson. There throwing down the fences, they turned northward, entering the Pair Grounds (half s mile out of the town) on the west side, and driving within, the circular ampbitheatrical ring, paused foi the final consommation of the scene. The ten coffins were removed from the waggons and placed in a row, sis or eight feet apart forming a line north and south about fifteen paces east of the central pagoda or music stand in thc centre of the ring Each coffin was placed upan the ground, with itt foot west and head east. Thirty soldieri of the 2nd M.S.M. were drawn up ic single line, extending north and south, facing the row of coffins. This line of executioners rat immediately at the east base of the pagoda, leaving a space between them and the coffins of 12 or li paces. Reserves were drawn in line upon eithe: flank of these executioners. The arrangement! completed, the doomed mea knelt upon the gras: between their comos and the soldiers, while thi Bev. H. M. Rhoades offered up a prayer. At thi conclusion of this each prisoner took his seat upoi the foot of his coffin, facing the muskets which in > few minutes were to launch them into eternity They were nearly all firm and undaunted. Twi or three only showed signs of trepidation. Thi most noted of the ten was Captain Thomas A. Sid uer, of Monroe county. He was now elegant! attired in a suit of black broadcloth, with ' white vest. A luxuriant growth of beautiful hat rolled down upon his shoulders. There was nothini especially worthy of note io the appearance of the others. One of them, Willis Baker, of Lewi county, was proved to be a man who last year sho and killed Mr Ezekiel Frattc, his Union neighboi near Williamstown, in that county. All the other were rebels of lesser note. A few minâtes after OB o'clock, General Strachan, provost-marshal-genera and the Rev. Mr Rhoades, shook hands with th prisoner;. Two of them then accepted bandage! all the others refused. 100 spectators bad gathere around the amphitheatre to witness the impressiv scene. The stillness of death pervaded the pla© The officer in command now stepped for« ard an gave the word of command-"Ready! Aim! Fire! The discharge!, however, were not made simnlta neously, probably through want of a perfect pr« r ons understanding of the orders and of the time s which to fire. Two clothe rebels fell back wari upon their coffins and died instantly. Captai Sidner sprang forward, and fell with his beal U wards the soldiers, his bice upwards, big bane clasped upon his breast, and the left leg drawn ba way up. He did not move again, but died immed ately. He had requested the soldiers to aim at h heart, and they' obeyed but too implicitly. Tl other seven were not killed outright; so the reserve were called in, who despatched them with their rt volvers. The lifeless remains were then placed i the coffins, the lids, apon which the name of eat man was written, were screwed on, and the diref procession returned to town by the same route tbt it pursued in going. Friends claimed and took eev< af the corpses. Three were buried by the militai in the public cemetery. The tragedy was over. At New York the exploits of the Confedera steamer Alabama are tbe theme of every tongue, À a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce on the 6 November a letter was read from Mr Seward sfcati that the recent destruction of American vessels I " pirates* who had gone out from the shore* ol Friendly nation, in violation of the restrictions ii posed by municipal as well as international laws, h been commended, by a-ilhoilty of the President, the attention of th« American minister lu Léodon. the discussion that ensued ou tbe reading of t document many of the speaker« attempted to eb that the British Government was responsible for t misdeeds of the Alabama, and would be held account m the day of wrath that is preparii Some alarm was also expressed, that if Capta Semmes, or any other <f pirate " of the Southe Confederacy, should attempt to make a dash into t harbor of New York, there wonld be no effecti means ot resisting either his ingress or his egre New York has, however, bren of better cheer BÍI learning that the redoubtable sea rover has fat foul of snd destroyed an English merchant ships cargo, indubitably owned by Englishmen, and w all her papers correct. The British consol at N York has telegraphed the circumstances of the c to Adm iral Milne, in command of tbe West In station.' The Alabama has captured upwards of 20 Ame can vessels. Two of them were saved from des tr tioa on giving bonds for 86,000 dollars, payable President after the declaration of peace. ~ The New. York correspondent of the Times mi tiona a little incident, o"rwt,td»-l»e wu- a «neta at the camp of the lamons Corcoran Brigade, for purpose of showing how little tbs Irish in the Fe ral army know what they are fighting for: -Hear a great shouting from the centre of the camp, I asl a volunteer what was going on. He replied French that he did not understand. Getting i conversation with him in his own language, I lei that he was one of five sailors from Havre who 1 enlisted for the bounty money on the previous i and that none of them could speak a word of " A rican." His own idea was tbat the war in whicl was to take part was between the *' Americans'' the " Mexicans." As regards the shouting io camp, he said be bad heard that an officer had I presented with a horse as a testimony of est from his friends, and that he was" return thanks for the gift On proceeding to the edg the crowd of soldiers that surrounded tbe offic found it was an Irish captain who had been sented with a sword, and not a bone, and tba was making a violent repeal speech. "Fe Irishmen*" be said, «I entered the Federal e for three reasons- first, to make myself a n like Corcoran; secondly, to learn tine art of and thirdly, that at some future time,-not far « might with this sword in my hand, which you given me, lead you- back to tbe. dear native from which you have been banished. (Tumuli shouting and »aving of caps.) Yes I lead you to the dear laud to drive out the bloody Saxon the green fields of Erin. (Renewed shoats.) Saxon conquered your lands from your ancesto the sword. By tbe sword let na drive him (Hurrah, hurrah 1 Erin »boo !) Ye», drive inl and share among us the lands that rigb belong to ns. (Hurrah 1 hurrah*!) Itel! yoi countrymen, that we will do it. Then 30,000 true Irishmen is America who bane i to do it. We will do it-or we will peri the attempt (Hurrah). Let us rescue the land birth from the oppression of the bloody Saxoi tics as Soon aa this war is over {hurrah)! Yea, go back to Jrebmdascono^erors.** At this po mari volunteer, "sniiiscant¡gray 1^ «bo «top to me, said to Msa^iiip^l. "*»K^*»£! 5^^*Tta OWtiou^ bis haran; lEuny tm^mmde« în abewane «bri* «fea to the «sos» |btà<niiu quarrel %fa-.feBSSrih¿rti«»¿» jSfjigl^¡i&fl;^^äimmf^wtig'-^inr :afî>' «nA lhe samc;time be «o.very aiañous to" put flown ribaïuon fe «*n m-&e;?otítíA isles. . -' Vvíl It is stated at Baltimore that negro-slates ol "loyal"owners liave formed tbeoiselved into osso cUttons, the object of ^hich is to obtain Ibe same fieedom for themselres as is to be obtained (accord ing to the Kmrmcipatiim Prorlamstion)by the slaves of rebels. The foUowing are the details of a case which bas excited much attention of late. Tbe Blanche, a British vessel, Captain Smith,, was sailing with a cargo of cotton from La vaca, ia Texas, and bound to the .': Havannah. While nearing that pott ru» -*-l~ ^-. the federal steamer montgomery m pursuit, end to a vom vu« summary jurisdiction exercised- by the com manders of American cruisers, caa his ship I »* ho bod a.^>crfcot r¡gbM»áo into neutral waters, within " about SOO yards " from the shore. The first version which reached ns of the transaction led ns to suppose that the Alcade de Har, observing this movement, and seeing that the war steamer con tinued tbs chase, took a boat and "boarded tbe Blanche of bis own accord. We are now told that his protection was formally invoked by the English captain, who sent his Spanish pilot on shore for the parpóse. At all events, "the Spanish flag was raised over the English one as a sign of it being within the Spanish jurisdiction.*" Captain Hunter at once sent two boats' crews on board and demandai the papers of the Blanche. Tbe captain pro duced them, and admitted, in answer to another question, that the cargo was cotton. "Don't yon , know that cotton 1 is contraband of war?*' said the American lieutenant. The answer was-" I do not know that it is, on board of an English vessel, and in a neutral port.'' Captain Smith farther inquired by what authority be was tho» stopped in Spanish waters. The officer in com mand of toe boarding party replied, " that he be longed to the United States'steamer Montgomery; that he did not care about tbe protection of the Spanish officials, nor the flag that had been' raised over the ship ; that his orders were to take possession of the vessel wherever he found it, and chat be would do so, and send the crew as prisoners on board the Montgomery] that be would not enter into a discussion of the right, but would leave that to be settled between the two governments.'' This declaration, coupled with the facts already men tioned, constitutes the gist of the case. The Blanche was afterwards burnt. Tbe boarding parry seem to have exhibited and fired pistols by way of intimi dating tbe captain and the Alcade; to have ejected the hitter forcibly from the ship; and to have at tempted, though in vain, to entice the English crew into the Doited States' service. Lastly, the Blanche was fired by the Americans, as her captain asserts, though " others say that it was done by ber own crew." In the Ketewbjch'ensued the boarding party rushed to their boats and " attempted to cut off thc escape of the English sailors," but failing, contented themselves with carrying off the Spanish pilot and one of the passengers. Snch is the substance ol Captain Smith's protest before the British consol al the Havannah. The Spaniards have already adel in the affair with becoming energy. When the cap tain-general of Cuba heard that the Alcade had re ceived a slap on the face, and that the authority o Spain had been challenged on her own shores, hi ordered out a Spanish frigate to exact reprisals 01 the spot. His Government also demanded thi punishment of Captain Hunter, and have reinforce; their squadron wirb five men-of-war. It is pre sumed that Earl Bussell has taken proper steps t obtain satisfaction for the insult to the British fia and the injury done to British interests. Captai Smith estimates his losses at some £40,000; bs whether the proceeds of the damaged cotton and c the Blanche's hull have to be deducted from this, w are unable to say. [A telegram from Madri states :-" The American Minister in this city hs been instructed by bis Government to state that tl conduct of thc captain of the Montgomery was ut pardonable, to offer to punish him, and give sate (action to the Spanish Government."') The Times lately received from a special correi pondent who has made his way to the Soother capital the following graphic description of the atal of affairs in the Confederate States. The common cation is dated Richmond, 8th October:-The nj shot of the present system of restoring the Unie will readily suggest itself to the reader. I hai travelled far and wide through Virginia; I hai conversed with men, women, and children in tb: State and in Maryland; I have seen men, formerl substantial and thriving, whose everything has be« devoured by the Federals; but never in one sing instance have I beard a word of regret by reason the war, a timid note sannded in regard to its issn a sigh breathed over the departed Union, ghost of a desire expressed in fav ot compromise or, reconstruction. On ti cDU'rary, one universal chorus echoes thronj length and breadth of the land, "The net broken, and we are delivered !" Mr Everett an his votaries, who still believe in imprisoned loyal as existing in the Sonth, might ss well search in t British islands for a man who desired them to 1 annexed to France. So united, so homogeneous community as the States of the Southern Canted racy finds no parallel in oar own annals. No w that England has waged for a hundred years li met with such cordial, unanimous, undivided suppo Thc war against the French Bepublic bad Charles Fox; the war against Russia its Bicha Cobden. There is no such character in the Southe: States. The victory of the Federals in this cxasr rated straggle means, not tbe defeat of t Southern armies-not the possession of Richmoi Charleston, Savannah, and New Orleans, whi would no more lead to a conclusion of the war th the seizure of the Isle of Man. A Federal victc means nothing on earth but the extirmination a annihilation of every man, woman, pnd child in t Southern Confederacy. There is no passion, frenzy, io the' universal language. The intensity the hate flashes the cheek and clinches the tee but finds little expression in feeble words. If ai thing, the exuberance of animosity is more perc tibie in the flashing eyes and eager earnestn of the women; bat the settled and unconqnera firmness pf the men requires nothing to be added tc The possibility of Richmond's falling is calmly i cussed, and prepi rationBhave long baenmade for si contingency. Surprise is expressed that Federals have not long ago possessed themselvei several other Southern cities as well as New 1 leans. The possession of a capital city in tl days of railroads is a very different thing from w it used to be in the days of Wagram and J« Great suffering might be inflicted upon women children if Mobile and Charleston fell ; suffei nlùcH thors is only too much reason to fear wc be most acceptable to the JfedetaU, judging f the records of their deeds during the last year a half. But every considerable city in the So might be reduced to ashes' without changing mood or undermining the resolution of the feet heart, if any feeble heart there be, in the Soutl Confederacy. 