TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (From the Melbourne papers.) SYDNEY, Saturday. Gilbert's gang have stuck up the village of Canowindra, robbing right and left. They stayed there three days. A large police force left Bathurst yesterday, in pursuit. Monday. The Panama, from San Francisco, brings a full cargo of wheat, flour, barley, and oats. She left the Black Princeloadingwith breadstuffs for Melbourne, the Harbury for Sydney, and the Constance for Auckland. The ship W. B. Palmer was also loading for the colonies. At San Francisco flour was at 4d. to 6d, ; wheat, Idol. 25c. to Idol. 50c; barley, Idol. 25c. to Idol. 50c; and oats, Idol. 25c. to Idol. 25c. Several ships were loading lumber at Paget Sound. Captain M'Leriehas returned from an unsuccessful chase of the bushrangers. A man named Green was brought up at the police-court to-day, on a warrant from Victoria. An objection was raised that the warrant was informal. The case was remanded till to-morrow. A letter from the country districts represents a hailstorm on Saturday as having done great damage. Mr. Dean has sold the entire care of sugar, ex Ville de Nantes, at an advance of £2 per ton on late rates. Maize continues firm, The telegrams in the Melbourne papers on Wednesday grossly exaggerated the quantity shipped. The joint cargoes of all vessels mentioned did not amount to 2,000 bags. Tuesday. Mr. Cowper, jun., in answer to a requisition, con- sents to oppose Martin for Orange. The new Ministry have abolished the clerkship of the Executive Council as a political office. Mr, Budge was appointed permanently. A new rush near Forbes is turning out very rich. About abupdred payable holes have been bottomed. The Assembly has adjourned till the 24th of November. Ministers intend submitting a new financial scheme, and to introduce no other new measure during the session,. The steamship Alexandra was refused a clearance to-day, when about to sail for Melbourne, not having a certificate from the Steam Navigation Board, She will obtain one here and leave to-morrow, A petition was presented to the Assembly to-day, charging the Chief Justice with partiality in the case of Molison and Black v. Cecil, and asking for an investigation. The Supreme Court has refused an injunction in the case of Keogh v. Glass. Green has been remanded on warrant to Melbourne. Captain Hall and the Victorian volunteers sailed for Melbourne to-day. A number of members of the Rifle Association saw them off, and cheered them heartily. Wednesday. The Legislative Council has adjourned till after the Ministerial elections. The Government has offered £3,0,3 each in a reward for the capture of the members of Gilbert's gang, They intend equipping parties of police to stay in the bush till the bushrangers are captured. The cargo of grain ex Panama is ordered to Melbourne. The steam frigate Esk arrived this morning. A number of diggers sailed by the steamer to day for Rockhampton diggings. , Large quantities of cattle are being shipped from Newcastle to New Zealand. Thursday, The Bombay sailed at two o'clock. She took 6,800 ounces of gold and 78,500 sovereigns. The Supreme Court has decided, in Ross v. Victoria Insurance Company, that an insurer is not liable for lost of sugar related through stress of weather and foreign port, and sold under local laws. Escorts, 2,056 ounces.' The Government has despatched additional police force to the western districts. Mr. Dean sold the entire cargo of new crop of Mauritius sugars ex Clara Sayers, atna advance of 20s. to 35s, Mauritius advices state that the market was bare of breadstuffs. Australian flour, 10 dol. 50c. to Idol. per bag. No Australian wheat in stock. Tallow, 13dwt. The steamers Star of the South and Kangaroo have been sold for the New Zealand trade. Friday. Messrs. Thornton. Dangar, Thompson, Harbottle, and Montefiore, are elected directors of the City Bank. The Supreme Court has affirmed Chubb's conviction. Mr. Cooper, late gold commissioner at Avalon, has resigned his appointment to oppose Mr. Wilson Minister for Lands. Mr. Cowper, jun.. left to-night for Tumut, to oppose Mr. Martin. Business is quiet, money tight. Stokes Craig sold by auction Victoria Sugar Company's white counter, at £38 53. ; 120 tons yellow counter, at £32 10s. Saturday. A terrible thunderstorm occurred at Bangalore yesterday. It lasted for four hours. The rain flooded the town, and did great damage to the crops. The new Ministry intend reducing the railway charges. Mr. Jefferson took a farewell benefit last night. The house was crowded. He sailed for Melbourne to-day. At a meeting of wool-buyers, it was resolved to request the auctioneers to hold weekly sales in one room, and on a fixed day. Maize is firmer. Large shipments to Melbourne continue. The Exhibition medals have been received from London, and were distributed by the Governor yesterday. The Rifle Association's prizes were distributed to-day by Lady Bowen. The Wild Wave, from Auckland, brings three days' later news. General Cameron has appointed the 13th inst. for the assault on Meremere. Commodore Wiseman, who had arrived at the Redoubt, had detached 20 marines to man the gunboats. The general expresses great confidence in there salt. ADELAIDE, Saturday. The Commissioner of Police has returned from the far north. He reports that there is no cause to apprehend outrages by the blacks. Monday. The Ilcumba Pastoral Company's exploring party has just returned from Fowler's Bay. Messrs. Stow and Brodie report having been searching for water for the last nine months. They found an abundant supply about twenty-four miles north west of Fowler's Bay. They also found a splendid pastoral country. They will return shortly to stock the country. They met, just before start ing, M'Farlane, who was working his way westward. They think M'Farlane is too late in the year to do much. He will have difficulty in finding water to the westward. The first time ball in Adelaide, erected by J. Davis, jeweller, dropped to-day, at one p.m. Tuesday. Nothing is doing in flour and wheat. Solomon offered 7,188 boxes of new teas, ex Alert, from Foo Chow Foo. There was a large attendance of the trade. The teas were excellent, but only 200 chests were sold. Congou brought from £7 to £9 2s. 6d. ; 600 half-chests were sold at £1 ; gunpowder, 2s. 2d. ; scented orange pekoe at 2s. 6d. Townsend sold the Yadlamalka itself lttOsqunio miles, for £19,003; 500 sheep at 22s. each, and horses and cattle at valuation. Wednesday. Holders of flour and wheat would realise, and submit to lower rates. but no purchasers are coming forward. The half-yearly meeting of the Burra Mining Company has been held. It was stated that 4,31 tons oforewereraisedla8thalf-year,atacostof£14,349. It realized £51,936, leaving a profit of £7,588. It is estimated that the balance invisible will be £14,225. The average yield of the one raised was twenty- three per cent. The dividend has not yet been declared. Thursday. At a great meeting at Port Elliott a resolution was passed pledging the district to join the Riverine if Government do not complete the jetty, Granite Island. Total scores ten men Milang Company (contest with England). 1,204; seven shots, from 200 to 600 yards. The shooting was poor'. There was a great dust and thunderstorms Breadstuff greatly depressed. Wheat market. Holders anxious to dispose of stocks. No buyers. The Military Bill has passed, The Government agree to pay the Queen annually for two companies. Friday. This Government has given six months'' notice from September last that they will cease to collect the Murray duties, because Victoria refuses to collect duties on goods entering south-eastern district for this colony. It is expected that Parliament will close next Friday. The Appropriation Act will come on next Tuesday. The wheat and flour markets are unsettled. Flour, 212 to 212 10s. Wheat, 5s. 4d. Miss Gougenheim engaged another month. Ghost yesterday a failure. Saturday. Notice of application for the admission of Mr. Michie to the bar of this colony has been posted up at the Supreme Court, Mr. Michie is engaged for the petitioners in the Moonta case, which will pro- 1 bablycom»offin March, 