THAT interminable land que»tiou'. By tliis time, oar reader* must bo us sick of it a« we are. But there is no eseaj>e from it. •\yiiat Banquo's ghost to Macbeth, that is the everlasting land question to the Legislature aud .'people of Victoria. It will thrust itself in upon us, in bed and at hoard: nor do we believe that the unjust spirit- will ever be effeeiuallv laid, until the Government has parted witt the last acre of the Crown lands of the colony. Any eipeetation of a final settlement, before that date, appears to be hopeless. The Land Act of 1S62 is scarcely a twelvemonth old, and here is another measure to amend or supersede it' How many new systems may be promulgated hereafter; anil how many elaborate bills may successively become law, flourish and lade, who shall lake upon himself to predict F The leading provision of the measure just introduced into the Legislative Assembly by the Government, is that which enables a person to become the " conditional purchaser " of a block of land not exceeding CW acres in extent, on paying twenty-five per cent of the purchase money, instead of fifty per cent as heretofore; "the balance being payable by sii annual instalmects. To prevent tbe land falling iuto the hands of other than feu«ji nrff settlers, each applicant is to be required to mate tbe following declaration ** That I am not, in respect •'of the allotment for which j apply, an agent or a trustee for any other person: and that 1 have not entered into any " agreement to permit any other person to use or occupy the allotment for which 1 apply : and that I apply for the said allot* meut in order that the same may be used " and occupied by me in my own proper " person as the conditional purchaser thereof; and that I have not selected under " the Act of 1662, nor become the conditional purchaser of any other allotment; " nor has any other person, with my know- " ledge and consent, selected under the " Land Act of 1662, or become the condi- " tional purchaser of say other allotment b for me, or on my behalf, or for my use or ' benefit within a period of twelre'months " past." We are told that it would baffle ingenuity to devise m means of evading the terms of this declaration : but unfortunately the instincts of the selfish hare sever yet failed to suggest means of driving figurative " coaches and six" through the most adroitlv worded Acta of Parliament; and there is no reason to suppose that speculators will experience any greater difficulty in violating the express provisions of this law, than those of its predecessor. For both are based upon a principle which is at variance with the common law of England; both declaring it to be just, lawful, and eipedient to define tbe extent to which ao individual shall be entitled to become possessed of landed property, and proposing to make it penal if he attempto to purchase from the Crown within each year, one acre more than the maximum determined by the Legislature. No valid reasons have been assigned by the author of tbe present Land Act, or by tbe frame re of the new bill for making this maximum <310 acres; and it would be a curious subject of inquiry to ascertain the justification of such a limit. Persona wishing to obtain possession of the land of which they hart become "conditional purchasers'" before the expiration of six years, are to be permitted to do so, on paying up tbe balance due to the Crown, and making a statutory declaration that they have effected improvement* oa tbe land of tbe value of one pound per acre, and that they have resided on it for three years. Another clause provides that "if " default be made in all or any of the afore- " said reauirementa, or in the payment " within toe year, in respect of which it is " parable, of ary annaal instalment of the "purchase money, or in tbe payment to, "and acknowledgment by the Treasurer, "of die balance of die purchase money, " during a period of six years" from the date of the conditional purchase, such person will forfeit both his interest in the land and the money he has pud on aocount thereof. This clause, we fear, will neutralise to a great extent the advantages pro. fessedly held out by the new bill over the actual law. By the latter, a num taking up 040 acres, and paying £820, fa absolutely secured the fee simple of half his allotment, and can only, by default of payment, lose t that moiety of it which he has teased. He is only required to improve the purchased subdivision of his allotment; and therefore if he should be constrained to relinquish t tbe leased portion, he would merely forfeit a sum of money (paid as an instalment) winch would be nothing more than a moderate rental for thepenod daring which he lias occupied it. Under the new Bill, however, (if we read it aririit) a man who by misfortune finds himself a defaulter at (let as say) the end of the second yeftr of his provisional holding of 640 acres, will ham paid £320, (£160 as preliminary deposit, and two sums of £80 each as instalments); he will perhaps have expended another £200 or £800 in the improvement of his land; and will be liable to sacrifice the whole of this amount, and to Me the property be has created lapse to the Crown, ana " sold in fee simple by pubic auction. Such a provision, we (Var, will lut'ii out to bo n-rv iiaivh and iiijurioui in its oijeratiou j •iii.l, we • much , prefer sJ., the . ^ facilities given by the 2'Hh and MUnviitg clause of the Land Ac! uf 1602. The system proposed to be substituted for it approximates too closely to the American tyjw to work well; and if the Legislature should accede to the pro posal to receive a deposit of twenty-five per coot, from " conditional purchasers," we should advocate their being put in possession of the fee simple of one-fourth of . the allotments they select, leaving them conditional occupauts only of the residue Tub Government and people of tbe Federal States are beginning to experience the effect of that " even-handed justice which doth commend the ingredients of the poisoned chalice to our own lips." After carrying war into the Southern territories; rat the fairest portions of Virginia; est* 1 ing a blockade along the coast; sinking vessels at the entrance of Charleston harbor, and sending tbe miscreant Butler to insult and outrage the feelings of Southern ladies at New Orleans, the tide of war is rolling back upon the North. The Confederate® have not merely repelled invasion, but have precipitated an invading army into the btates of the enemy. Panic prevails in Washington, and there is not so much as a whisper about the huge " Anaconda " which was to have strangled the South within its monstrous folds. Beaten at all points, the Federals appear to be in a state of abject dismay. This is significantly shewn by one important fact:—Admiral Wilkes has been superseded in deference to the representations of the British Government! When we re-tall to mind bow this officer was feted and lionued after the affair of the TWut; and when we remember also the language of insolent menace which was employed towards Great Britain on that occasion, and for months afterwards, we cannot but experience a feeling of satisfaction at the voluntary humiliation the boasters have undergone. He invasion of the North by the Confederates is truly a momentous circumstance. It denotes a consciousness of triumphant power, and a confident assurance of success on their part, and it implies a weakened prentiff and a sense of imminent defeat on thepart of their opponent*. Instead of exciting a desperate resistance in the North it seems to hare been productive of disorganization and despair. In the hour of their extremity, tbe Federals are turning round upon the Government and denouncing a war which, at one time, they clamored to uphold. It is not impossible that the July mail may bring us intelligence tbst President Lincoln has branded as a traitor to his country, and that President Jefferson Davis is dictating his own terms in tbe the Capitol at Washington. 