THE MARRIAGE. Kit °? Saturday, the 7th March, 18G3, the excite ?ivL^ the arrival and reception of tbe Princess throbbed through the towns of Windsor and Eton, «nd Sunday and ita church bells broke solemnly upon KnSf S ^ For that day there woe a stately hash over the . ffient rejoicings ; the Bishop of Oxford preached in BbuiKiii 1 y-e -; presence of great personages in and «m?ih 1188 ^uifcBtcd hy the air of unusual state that liito. ' wul ounaay naa scarcely taded into Bd i ^Q7-^' °f prenaratioas for fresh labours of love ni a J0!'1 tQ heard attain, Monday was a gala day. u JJ? °* i»gh expectation, in Windsor and ita neighbourhood. I and Pnnccss drove out in an open car rS»v showed theaiselves to everybody, and were S1®, received witb renewed acclamations of X devotion. Other great people were in II day long in carriages, and on horseback and on ^X wvL6 6lreet«i roads, and parka were alive with joyous *r the whole population brought out into the open air by or idling in windows and balconies, were going to be tow c'™' they could not havedisplayed greater entbu Wi* » came a magnificent display of fireworks in the ^f^k at night, which is said to have transcended all pre 'ifldofc to that way, and which was witnessed from the snd terraces of the castle by tho illustrious and distin 5ftp«w!I60nB w ntim^r of upwards of one hundred, tthnlr! ^cen's guests that day. The last cchoes of the pyro jt.^T^P^iona, whose hlnzewas like a bnrst of flame over ^icSro^t0^' ^§hting up the whole purrounding country, rleT a^'a5'» when^the people resumed their preparu ;1 tteB f«^tlvc tnotning that wws about to dawn. The tramp 'Ivfcnl i l1'0^ ^ carriages were heard at an unusually ^d^ik ?UrdawtrCCtB ^'ind6ori onO Die inhabitants were ite!! M'as of Gtrangcre— ae much as £5 having been -[^iri2 ^s and 6ittlng-room for the one tughl—tbe :''uitorB -.V8 raP^ Bucccssion brought an immense accession 'Tallin h ',Boon became a serious Question as to how tbey Stable or. Lines of galleries, commanding an % iic nn'vn. 01 tu'-Vrout© of tho proce6siaa, and extending ?^tor^ A«!?J?r0UDtl6 10 tte ir0n gates, wero early filled with ?^wibb to c^vtyard of the castle -was furnished with The first j^comniodalt a large number of persons. 'tyle ls-ha a Palpitation throughout the masses ot ^und 4» fihnifi v. osflcrobled was the appearance on the half- post ten o'clock of the Coldstream Guards, f ga^ ««« to keep the line leading from cnSJSif f 'wb)cjlJ the proceaeion was to move for bride and bridegroom. With the bbSP r,*i n t-? -r\n, this duty the Berkshire {^^ert^n !L!?«onc\ LlndB&y;» The Grenadiers and i &ti;»ihe3M P« ^tyinot,ier^am of tbe ground. At eleven & tenons «5a mcu\ ot the Horse tiuardB came in, and took efter ihc £ton scholars, aU of ^*lvea oa a rush up tho hill, and stationed » the south side behind the Horse Guatds« At a Quarter past eleven all admlwiouB within tho c&rtle; gatos were Btopped, and the epcctaaln wbich then presented itself was bril* liantintbehigbeijt degree. The cam. end of the broad drive, where it conntjots itself with the park, may be regarded aB the base of a triangle, tbe sides of which run gradually nsmowio? till tbey form the main road ot the town entrance to the caotle. Along this roadway, nnd immediately behind l-u? Guards, stood a ; double Hoe of sprdalors. Behind tbcsr*, on thi- touth side, rose the upper snd middle platforms, full of aentlrnicn and ladles— ] the former with rosettes, the Utter filiturinu In their bright rcarlct, blife, and ma^onta mantles, und their light and I flowered bonnets Slill further down, in the hollow of tho j tlopo, nnd sui rounding the door by which the Vririul procession - was lo cntrr the Chajirl ItoyaL was tbe third pluifcna, occupicd j by a more highly favoured and a more brilliantly, aultcd croup I Jn thediftflnci»,*on tho nwlh fide, ro*e the grey, solid frame of ' the grand old cactle itself, in fine contrast with the hot and varied I colouring on the appetite side. The coup d'-Di(t as it took ia the whole view, with the flag* floating from tbeiriumpbal arch before tlie castle gales, nnd enlivened by rays of bunlight, such as of ibMiiBtlvcB never toil to cxV.ttaTote any crowd to the mo&tb; of March in this northern clime, was at once magnificent and invi eoraiing, and, when Ukcn in connection with the event with which it was associated, may be regarded aa combining with the artistic aud tho natural something of tbe sympathetic and the sublime. The moiricg had broken wilh rather a 6light chill, after a fro6ty night ; but as the sun ascended tbe heavens the day became iuTght and warm, diffusing a penial lustre over tho scene. There wero plenty of incidents to amuse the crowds during the interval before the procession began to move. Shortly before eleven, Prince Christian, the father or the Prinoess Alexandra, and the Duke of Cambridge were rccogniscd in tho Home Pork, and received ft warm greeting, Tbey bad strolled out apparently to eee something or the gathering aronud the castle walls boforo rtonning plate gaiiucntB. A UtUc later in the morning, nn inci dent nf another kind occasioned conrfdorabin merriment. An elderly m*n ia very plain clothes, accompanied by two porters, the one corrjing a blue bag well filled, the other a carpet one not quite so baiky, passed up tbe centre of the entire Hoc, and, entering the ente from which the procession issued, was lost to view within tbo royal castlc itself, A Jew carrying awny bis ?« ole cloV or a poor .traveller unable to pay for a cab, could not have been more unexpected at such a time and place; but, although every one laughed nnd wondered what be did there, tho mys terious etrunger passed unconcernedly along, gatekeepers, pilice mcD, end soldiers yielding to tho latent influence which he po?H'etcd. of whatever sort it might be At Iiaif-pB6t eleven the first carriage of tbe prooession to the chapel approached the gates, when ail at once there wss a bustle of commoiion, and every e?e was dircolod to its approach. The firn pai t of the procession consisted of the royal guests. They c nine in seven s'.ato curriage&. The first three carriages contained c-qucrrics, adjutants, end gentlemen in attendance on the royal personages who occupied the remaining four, in the first of which were seated IL li. tbe Maharajah Dhuleep Sing, bis 8. H. Prince JMward of 8axe Weimar ; and his 8. H, tbe Prince of Leiningen ; the others being principally occupied by members of the family of the Princess Alexandra, Tbe splendour of tbe Maharajah Dbulccp 6ingb's appes.rancc in hi6 turban and oriental robes crusted with jewels, and resplendent with gold, was a theme of universal admiration, liis munificent gift to the Princcffi Alexandra of a bouquet holder which coat £1000 was amply rewarded by the hearty cheers which greeted him as the carriage passed along the line. Tbe sixth and seventh carriages, . containing tbo sisters and brothers of the bride, were watched 7,itb fT«:at interest, and reoeived with loud acctanntioas, wbich were very cordially and gtaccfaliy acknowledged. ? At a quarter before twelve o'clock appeared the second proces sion, consisting of tbe royal family and household, occupying eleven carriages. The first six contained the household, and the , remaining five the members of the royal family, the last being j occupied bvbor Boyal Highness iho Crown Pnncesj of Prussia and her Utile son, Prince William of Pru66ia. Each carriage as ! it pseecd was heartily checrod. Prince Leopold and Prince 1 Arthur were in Highland costume, and they appeared , highly- to enjoy their reception. But, perhapB, the moat enthusiastic cheering up to this point was for the Crown Princcss of Prussia. ' Bhc was looking extremely well, and her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great advantage as she partially rose from her peat in acknowledgment of the public acclamations. Next followed, at twelve o'clock precisely, the procession ofthe bride-groom. Public expectation was now nearly wrought to its height. There was but one- eight more to transcend the interest of this part of the ceremonial. There were six carriages, five of which were occupied by members of the different royal house holds, and in tbo last sat bis Boval Highness the bridegroom, and ihe reigning Duke of Sase-Coburg and Gotha and the Crown Prince of Prussia, bis supporters or groomsmen. The Princo looked pale and anxious, and there was now and then a twitching of tbe lipa, as though his Royal Highness were striving to control any exhibition of nervous feeling or agitation. With wbite shoulder-knots, and collar of the Order of the Garter over bis bright uniform, he bad a gallant and noble look, and with grace and animation repeatedly acknowledged the hearty plandits with which he was received. In another quarter of an hour came the procession of the bride, shorter but incomparably more interesting than any of its ptede , cessors. Trumpets and Life Guards seldom before appealed to sucb beating hearts as on this occasion* There were only four carriages. In tbe first, second, and third came chamberlains and ladies in attendance; and in the foufth appeared, to the infinite delight of the thousands of spectators, the bride, supported hy tbe Duke of Cambridge and Prince Christian of Denmark, As their royal highnesses passed down the line the outbursts of .affectionate devotion exceeded, if that were possible, tbe exhibition of the previous Saturday. She looked very pile ; bat there was a remarkable expression of sweetness in her cyc6 ubich showed that the pallor was occasioncd by the novelty of ber situation, and not by any sentiment of melancholy or dis trust. The white vail falling lightly from ber head, and the wedding wreath that sat gracefully upon her forehead, framed one of tne most charming pictures tbe imagination of a painter could conceive. Ihe several procepsions have now entered St, George's Chapel, and wc must follow tbem. The porch and arched passages leading to the nave wore filled eoon after Bine o'clock. The western entrance, opening iota the upper part ofthe nave, was not opened till after ten o'clock. Tbe assemblage was gradually filtered through into the nave, and the gentlemen of tbe Lord Chamber* . Iain's department finally distributed the happy atoms along the scarlet benches within. As drift upon drift of those favoured with tickets came fluttering from tbe c.oorwaye, each succcoding row higher and higher was occupied. At eleven o'clock there was no more room, and the doors weve eloped. Many of the most distinguished families and persons iu the empire wi re represented on these benches. The eight waa one uf maryvlloup splendour and beauty, as may be inferred :rcai tbe tact tbat tbe number of ladies exceeded thut of gentlemen by three ? 1 A6B&. With respect to the genera^ efllct, it sbjuld be observed ibat it wae the wit-h of the Sovereign tbat bright colours should ' he avoided, and that mauve, Uvcnder. or light blue should be worn. The icsult was charming, bcc-usc it produced a harmony of colour 6uch as has never been witnessed before. It would be nn w«eilM}t it «i cimUAr refutation were enjoined on all, s a io occasions If there was something loa in ttic way of con tn-Ft, wbiobisoftrn violent, it was amply couaterbjldaccd by cbe gain in tbe blinded tone of the ensemble. While these scats were filling, the gallery near the organ began to he alive with the singers and musicians engaged to take part in ' the bcrvice. Amongst the number we recognised the familiar . facts of John Parry, Mrs, German Reed, and Jenny Lind, During tbe interval of suspense that followed the closing of the door?, tbe care is trodden singly or in groups by the dignitaries and guests, who arc filing into their places. Conspicuous amongrt (betn isau ell-known figure, once the erect, soldierly, strong type of the strong man who fought in famous fields half a century ago, nnd who is sllll fighting bravely against the inroads of time. Covered witb honours, as he is laden with years, for he is now ninety-four, . who that sees Stapleton, Viscount Combermere, in that exact uniform, marching down the centre of the nave tn the luFlroUB boots ior which the dashing horseman of El Kodun was distinguished, remembers that he served ia Hu&dcrs; be/ore Napoleon founded a dynasty, and in Isdialong; before the great company-bad ceased to fear Tippoo, before the Mahrattas were broken, and before the power of the Sikhs was heard of T There is a mysterious reception chamber, hidden by the rich, folds of a vast drapery of purple silk, and witbin arc waiting the invited guests of the Queen, ready to form into a prooession, . when the proper moment comes. On a sudden— lar rcmjte indeed— arc -, heard from the world beyond the walls the bars of u God Save the Queen,' and as tbey are yet sounding nearer and nearer, the purple curtain is drawn baok, and there enters into* tbe nave the procession of the royal guests. We cannot under* take to * enumerate them. . They have been already chronicled in the court lists, and are familiar to the reader of those records. Prominent amongst them, or, rather, first, for he heads the procession, is bis Highness Dhuleep Singh. Tbe representative of Uie glories of the Khalsa, the descendant of tbe Lion of Lahore, is resplendent in cloth of $old kirkob, witb collar of pearls asd sheen of yellow satis ; aud it is strange to 6ee lum here among the f&ir-h;&ired; Norsemen and Teutons whose boldest adventures had never led them within half the world's circumference of the land we have made our own. Next to tbe Maharajah is Prince Edward of 6 axe-Weimar, who fought in our ranks at Inkermann ; and tbe illustrious line is closed by Colonel Seymour, who stood near at hand in that terrible cress of men. When these had all passed into the chapel, the music ceased, and silence followed for a little while. Then once more the purple curtain was thrown open, the trumpets gave forth their peal to tbe roll of the kettledrums, and tbe train of pursuivants and heralds, two by two, marched slowly towards the chapel, heading the great procession of the Boyal family and the Queen's household. The effect . of this procession, slow in eacr, brightly coloured, and proudly resplendent, was very i eautifid ; aud its beauty and its interest were greatly enhanced 1 by the presence of the children, of the house endeared to the I nation by the vittues and sorrows of the Queen. . The appearance of the young Frin ceases of England elicited a universal expression of profound admiration and' sympathy. ' Anil when the Crown Princcsa of Prussia came, leading by the hand his little Royal Highness Prince William ol Prussia, whose tiny gait was revealed by a Highland costume, a soft sound stole through the nave, which the genius of the place alone repressed from swelling into an enthusiastic development. But it was, nevertheless, the index to the -feelings of the English heart, Again the flourish of trumpets and the roll of drums awaken the echoes of tbe chapel, and the procession of the bridegroom enters, and passes tip the navi, every eye looking blessings, and every head paying homage as the young Prince, whose military costume is almost conccaied under Ms mantle of the gartor, ad vances towards tbe scene where the dream of his young life is to he toatiaed. Another brief interval, and the curtain opens again and tbe last procession emerges, in tbe midst of which, radiant alike with fear iu)d hop?, the bride advances, her train being held by eight un married daughters of dukes, marquUes, and earls. Wc must now pass out of the nave into the choir, whose exclu sive precincts arc reserved for royalty, ond tbo high officers of state alone. It is % sanctuary worthy or such presence. The plnce is full of historical memories, which at once flash across the mind, but wbich we have not time to linger ovor now. Up the centre of the chapel is a rich carpet worked at the borders with the prince's plume aud motto, and his own and hia bride's monogram. Near the aitar is a raided dais approached by llireu broad steps, and giving on uwple platform for the accommodation of the bridal party. It is covered with garicr-bluc velvet cloth, on wbich is worked tbe old heraldic Tudor rose, encircled by the motto of the garter, Aro aud are cs- im&on; asd gold scats with fringes and tassels of bulliou. Screens have been removed on all sides, and accommodation benches provided for the invited guests. A special place, that nearest to tbe altar, ie reserved for the Boyal Academician, Mr. Y . P. Frith, who, in full court costnme, sits here to take his drawings for the great picture of the Boyal dfarriage, which he is | to paint by command, and for the copyright of which a higher sum has been paid than was ever before offered for any piciure. I The seal selected for Mr* Filth is immediately buhind the royal peisonages on the Haut Pas, from which point the design is to | be taken. Above the altar, on the left, jutting out from tbe wall, is the royal pew, covered with quaint old carving, and still I more curious heraldic emblazonments, built in tbe days of j Henry VIL, when kings were expected to be present utthe | «' low 'or kneeling mass every morning. Part of the panelling 1 is removed from the front, and its antique window sills I arc draped with massive folds of purple velvet, fringed richly and | deeply with bullion lace. This is for her Majesty, and the floor j of the pew has been heightened inside, so that . tno window sills ! reach no higher than about a foot from the floor, tbat her Majesty might sec and be seen as she was throughout the cere mony. The moving out of heralds and others in gorgeous oSicialcos- : tumes, and the universal buzz of expectation, announce tbe rapid approach ofthe hour wb&n; the crowning act of the day. is to be i solemnised. Veople begin to arrive to take their plooea in the stalls. The first to enter is the Marchioness of Aiiesbucy, who i tokee ber seat in a stall of a Knight of the Carter, As if they had been waiting for this example to be set, and for some ono to break 1 the stately solitude of the shrine, many ladles follow the mar- : chioness quickly -Lady Edward Seymour and Lady De Bos, and I I the Countess A, and M, Danneschjold and Viscountess i ' Torrlagton. Mr. Frith seats hlmcelf next to the ' I Countess of Caithness ; and the Countess of Derby, like i 1 the Marchioness of Allesbury, dressed iu bluo- scats horwU near 1 ; wlwre Iho V.anner of hrr noble hasbnud droops over his vannt | ftsl). Then follow in rapid E-uccce»-iun the Marchioness of Kly, I Countess ley, Counters of tipencor, Viscountess Combrrmcrc, I Duchess of 6t. Albans, Marchioness of Westminster, Countoss i Gleicben, Viscountcss Jocclyn, jJucLeas of A*bolc, Countess of GBmsbeirough, Countess of Macclrsllcldt Countcssof Dcsart, Mar chioness of Carmnrthen, Countess Ducle, Lady Camoys, Coun tless of Bi ssborougb, Vifcountcss Uury, and the wife ofthe Drpuiy.Chambcrlain, Viecountcss CaaticiQRse, whoso superb toilette provokes odmh-ation even In that assemblage of rink and wealth. All are in full court dress, with tbo exception that lbry wear no traius, and all, without exception, are dressed in velvet or satin, cither of blue, mauve, or violet colour, tho lstter bring the prevailing tone. All too wear feathers and diamonds iu thcU- hair, and somo show tiaras of brilliants almost large enough to form head-drcssee, so completely do the glittering jewels cover ihe head like n rr^al crown. The last of tho pfcrctseatooniveifi Lady Valmersto*. She has been detained nt the ruilwsy station, and has been enabled to reach tho chapel in time only w ith ibe greatest difficulty. Almost the first male visitor to put In an appearance is Sir George Grey, who comes accompanied by Lady Grey, They take their piaccp on tbo left, and are quickly followed by Lord aud Ludy Bionlny of Aldevley, Sir Charles and Lady Mary Wood, Mr. Milncr Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Cardwcll, the Master of Trinity, tbe Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mrs. Gladstone, Lady Alfred Paget, the Karl and Countess of Tlui dwlcke. Lord nnrrfr, tbe Karl and Counters of Suffolk, the Duke of St, Albans, tbe uuke of Atbole, the Bukc and Duchess of Argyll. iSnrl and Countess De la Warr, Lady Proby, Lord Churcbill, Kir G. C. Lewis, lion. Mrs. W- Cowper, Lady A. Brucc, Miss lilddulpb, Mrs. C. Grey, Mir, WcUe^cy, tho DuchcBB of Bomerset, 1 and the Countess of Shaftesbury. All the gentlemen arc in full official uniform, and wear the chief insignia of whatever orders tbey bavetbe honour to poises*, collars and badges in the fullest state. The Loid and Lady Mayoress arc amongn tbe late ar rivals, Mr. end Mrs. Disraeli arc also late. The leader of tho Opposition is in his Windsor uniform, and Mrs. Disraeli is radiant *ith diauouda. Now come ihe Knights of the Garter, exciting a loud hum of admiration as they sweep up the choir like a procession of monarch*, with their long velvet mantles of imperial blue, looped at tbe shoulders with white riband, trailing afU;r them, headed by the Prcmiir himself. After aU the knights arc seated, the Lord Chancellor, in his state robes, and carrying the Great Seal, pusses in a slow and stately pace up iho eboir— alone, but a perfect pageant In himself —to bis seat at the bead of all. It is now a quarter to twelve, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enters, followed by tho Biehop of London, attending as Dean of the Cbapcls Royal j the Bishop of Oxford, as Chancellor of the Order of iho Garter ; the Bishop of Winchester, hs its Prelate : the Bishop of Chester, us Clerk of tbe Closet; and the Dean of Wiudeor, an Registrar of the Order of the Garler, wilh tbe canons and minor canons of tbo chapeL The ; ruffrugan bishops stand aside as the dais is reached, and make «uy for the Hiinate, wbo passes at once to the. north of the altar, and the dean, robed in scarlet, with the canons, take tbeir placcg to the soutu. For a minuto tho prelates kneel in prayer, then rise ond stand in Hue inside tho rails* This i» followed by a slight rustle of eilki anA clinking of jewelled orders aa marly tho whole coips diplomatique come in asd take tbeir i places underneath the Boyal pew— showing literally like a | cluster of gold and jewels that equals even the appcaraoce ofthe ' Knights ot the Gaiter. And now there is a long and solemn paitse, duting'whieh even whispers arc audible, and the rustle of ; ihu dresses comes v. ith a noise as their fair wearers turn to , survey the scene around. Suddenly, there is just a perceptible movement—a kind of cos- , seionsncsa that something has occuvrcd, w hich tolls at once that tho Queen is either coming or has come, and all eyes arc quietly directed towards the quaint old pew in the walL in auolhcr intent, the Queen herself appears, accompanied by big Royal llighnc&s; tbe Buke of Saxc-Coburg and Gotha, the brother of the late Prince, and, as we all know, so like him as to ; make the reeemblance nlrnost startling . as be stands by the side of her Majeety, Tbe Queen wears tho simplest and plainest of widow's weeds— a w idow 'a cap, a black «iik dress with j while collar and cuffs, and black glovce. The only ejolours which 1 appear upon her arc the star of the Order of the Garter, and iu- blue ribaud, narrowed to the width ber Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. 6bc looks well in health, but thinner j and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief and caro stamped on every lineament of hev feature*, She stands at the window of the royal pew, a littio withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at all by those on the opposite side of the choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke of Saxe-Coburg epeaks, and apparently esplaiBs to her the arrangements going on below for the great cere mony wbich has drawn her forth from her mourning and seclusion. After a few minutes ehe seats herself a little away frcm the window, and the duke retires, the Uon.Mrs, 11. Bruce, clad like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his place. It is tw- lve o'clock, and the uoisc ol cheering eun be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after » few minutes by the great rustle and peculiar hum wblcb the great mi'ss of vihitorsin the nave make os rising. The first of the three processions is at hand, but no one moves in tbe choir till tho glittering file is seen, headed by heralds and great officers of stute, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing off to the right acd left as they enter tbe choir, till tjiey reach the dais, which none but the nostillustrk-us may asccnd. Dhuleep ingh, with Prince Edward of Base Weimar and the Tiinceof Leiningen, in bis uniform as captain in the English navy, bead the line of royal guests, but it is on the sister of the brioe, the lovely Princess D&gm;&v; of Denmark, followed by her royal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Tbyra and Piince Waldemar, tbat all looke are centred as with stately steps they slowly pass up tbe ccnb-e. All as they reach the steps of tne Jlaut Pas turn and make a deep and reverend obeisance to her Majesty, which bcr Majesty, iisingand advancing to the front, gtaciously acknowledges. Of these rdyal personages, it may be remarked here that none attracted more notice than the bride's mother, the Princess Chris tian, and ber two young daughters, tbe Princesses Dagmar and Tbyra, tbe younger being apparently about ten years of age. These princesses are both retnarkahly handsome, and ths elder tears s strong resemblance to her sister, the Princess Alexandra It mU6t. however, bo confessed that their royal mother mcnopoiised attention, and pt-rhaps equally excited Furpifec. The PrinccES Christian looks more like a tistcr of the bride than her mother. lier beauty. Lc r courtly gait, end her superb and exquisite costume, rivcttcn every eye. Jn point ot magnificence of apparel the Princcss l hritii&n; wae perhaps th' most striking personage in the entire ce-rcmonial. 1 be body and train of her dress were composed of tue richest violet-coloured velvet; the skirt of white moire au tique, elaborately worked with gold thread. Upon the bodice vcrc diamond omamrriin, and ou the head a diamond tiara with while jJumes, tbe breast stretched the scarlet and v hitc ribbon of IV ruMark. As the iong traiu, sweeping down tbe rave, wafi borne oohind tie Prince6ii Christian, it wns impossible tu help feeling »Lat a ri^b: ; royal and rarely lovely woman was lUre, irdept-ndenvly of Vr btiug an objectoT such strong interest bs mother cf the bride. Ab soon us the Boyal guests bad taken their places, Dhuleep fciugh pnd ibe Prince of Lei&ingen; occupying scat* in front of the uiutron the southern side, the procession of tbe Boyal family ?yrcd the Queen's household appeared. The Princess Mary of Cambridge, her magnificent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, n oves tip tbe choir with the most stately grace. At the dais, .her attendant pause*, and the turns to gather ber train over her aim, abd, moving to tbe centre, makers a profound courtesy to Icr Majesty, then pasectul cncc to her placc on the north ofthe altar, in front ol and just beneath those treasures of iron work, ibe fates. of Quentin Hattys. As she pusses in, the Duchess of Cambridge follows, witb like elate and ctremony, and then the Triucoss Beatrice, Princess Louise, and Princess Helena iifcend in turn, followed by tbe Princes Arthur aod Leopold, tbe latter in Highland dretecu cf the Kovul tartan. AU bow and cc\mrf*y deeply to tbe Queen, n&d; tbe Princess ilelena, who ucars a train, gathers bers on he-r arm like tbe rest, vi.d tea ts beraif near the Duchess of Cambridge. Tbe next is tbe Princces Alice, wearing a fioble coronet of brilliants; then the Princess ltoyal, looking as youcg, as amiable, and as timid os when, with slow stepp, she herself was led io the altar at t i.u Chapel Uojal, but this time leading by the hand a floe little boy, wbo, all unawed by the stately pomp around, dragged on bis pother's arm, as be looked behind him at the pageant,' and with difficulty brought his little feet to surmount the three steps ol the Baut Pas. AU have risen as tbey enter, and the Queen sow i rues too, and bows to her daughter with a kind and winning | sicile- tbo first that bas passed across her face since she entered the chapel. Her Majesty has evidently found an object which ? deeply interests her, and instead of seatiog herself again ehe re mains at the closet window, watching ber royal children as they ? pyssone after another to their seats beneath. And even when ^ tbey are seated she leans over the front and remains gazing down J at thtm steadily with an expression of fond pride which is unmis takable, and in which no trace of grief can be discovered now* Again the kettle-drums and trumpets. This time all rise, except tbe Queen herself, and remain standing respectfully, for it is the bridegroom that approaches. He comes slowly up tbe choir, partly followed and partly accompanied by the Dnkc of S-txe- Coburg and tbe Prince of Prussia. Tbe ' Wedding- March ' is played as they advance^ and the Queen rises and comes fully for ward as the H&ut; Pas 26 reached, and the three ascend and turn in line towaide her, bowing deeply. The Duke of Baxe-Coburg asd the Prince of Prussia retire to the south 6ideof the altar, and the bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds j i prayer, rises and stands ?' tbe rose and expectancy of this fair State,' ia the centre of the Haut Pas. alone, witb bis face towards the Queen, With the easy grace that seems natural to all his actions he stood alone, tbe watched and observed of alt observeis, neither bashful Borconfidcnt, but with a manly royal bearing tbat became his illustrious birth and exalted station. He looked round upon the splendid scene for a moment quietly and easily ; and his every movement, his look, bi6 very bearing, seemed in their vivid like ness to bis royal father to impress and amaze aU— even those who by their rank and station might be sapposed to be the most fami liar Ttitb bis features. As the sound or cheering was heard with out, marking the coming of hiu youthful bride, he kept turning bis bead every moment, for from where he stood, in the centre of the altar, he could see through the scicen and down the nave beyond to where tbe crimson curtains would hide the marshalling of ibe bride's procession, . Often und often did he glance this way, but the curtains were mstionlcss, and gave no sign of tbe coming forth of her whom all now watched for with eager ex pectation. At lost witb a great clangour of trumpets, which at first arc mufilcd into a rich indistinctness behind the curuiti*, the long lcoked for procession of the bride enters, and the prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of the fact of the arrival, keens his i eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his bead again tiU his affianced Aands beside him. The Queen immediately lose, and, bending forward from her closet, 6tood prepared to receive and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment tbe run broke out in great brilliancy, «&d;, shining down into tbe i chancl, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, and seemed I to illuminate the «bedow receeecd about the altar— happy augury, l let us hope, of the sunshine o! the heart that will rest on tbe j princess and he-r home. ! The hush was now so deep and breathless thatcveu the rat- j less glitter of the jewels tbwt twinkled every wherc.seeuied almost I to break it, asd, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto ! regulated every word nnd gesture, all cow bent far and eagerly ? forward as the hum and rustle in the nave beyond showed the I young bride to be dzawing near. In another minute she had , enured, and stood tbe fuirest and almost the youngest of all her ! lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, arid the soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imports u look of joyous happiness to her expressive features, hud ull bat disappeared as, with head bent doun, but glancing occasionnily from side to side, she moved blowly up townids the altur. Seen as she uow appeared, her golden brovn hail* contrasting with the wreath of cvunge blossoms nnd the rich veil depending front it, her deep eyes flashing from tinder its shadow, and ber reputor ieatui^ as exquisitely fanned as the ideal of n sculptor, it i* no exaggeration to say that she fascinated the ad miration of all who naa the good fortune to heboid her. Every body is absorbed by ihit- charming brido. t-'hc ulonu of nil tbat magnificent assemblage is now watched with anxious and loviug eyes. the way in which bi'r fjiee is t-baded by the veil, and ber looks are bent forwurd as she advances, it is difficult to see her features won' fully, but os ehe neore the altar she drops Iter mill, end for the first time, appears beneath the folds of ber veil a large bouquet of orange fioweie, carried in a princely gift trom the Mabnr&jan; Dhuleep SiiiRh. Tbo bouquet was composed of orango blossoms, whiie rose buds, vave ovebideoua flowers, aud sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming of Honiton lace. Tho myrtle was sent from Osborne, and was tuken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of the Princess Hoyal. It is her Majesty's desire to bavo myrtle plants kept In ibe gardens of Osborne reared from cach of the bridal bouquets of the Boyal family. ' Tbe dress of the bride is also an object of interest which wc must interrupt the narrative for a moment to elcscribe. It con sists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with cbatelains of orange blostoms, myrtle, and bouffants of tulle with boniton lace. The train of silver inolte antique trimmed -with bouffants of tullo, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle ; tbe body of the dress trimmed to correspond. Tbe necklace, earrings, and biOQch, of pearls and diamonds, whioh were the gift of bis Boyal Highness tbo Princo of M'alee ; riviarc of diamonds, given hy the corporation of Lonrton ; opal and din -mend biBcelet. givin by tho Queen; diamond bracelet, given by tbe ladies of l~ccds ; and an opal and diamond bracelet, given hy tbe ladies of Manchester. Bcr royal bighness's gorgeous train of white and silver was borne by eight young ladips, between the oges of fifteen and twenty, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our moBt ancient bouses It is quite superfluous to p«y how they looked, tig robed in snowy white, nnd wrapped in veils, tbey followed their royal totetrcss witb soft footsteps, though, a* they were net going to Ub married, they seemed to think tncnurlviB relieved from the nccet-elly of looking on tbe C)ound, and ghmced about and turned to one another, and made bdieve to loos nf jf they did Dot koow and hear tbat they com lniiiided almoft their full tribute of admiration, even behind sucb n lady Sn such fi fcenc as this. Their dresses wero all of white— & wonderful mixture of silk and lacc tbat mado them scorn rthrroal iu their liphtncss, as partly wrapped in long veils they i pasKCd osnoiM-ltsblv as a vision. , Slowly the bride reaches the Haul PaB, and ae she stops to bow j lo the Queen some of brr fair attendants, who arc npparently ! even moie nervous than herself, attempt ts kneel, but, finding 1 1 heir mistake, rise quickly and move on as if they did not mean | It, Then, and then emly does the Ptlncc turn, aa if to rccedvc her. I ! but checks Mom If ae he sees them ell bowing to the Queen, and | j for the first and only time bo sccma irrc&olute; aa to what ho , ought to do. The long keen t-crutiny teems to have disturbed bis ! I composure al 'jsI, though only for a second, and the Anthem i erases, and all ctirc n little span while the bride nnd bridegroom | we left standing in the middle of tbe Haut Pas, tbo latter alone, i the fotmer.ff course, closely surrounded by her attendant brides* ! ntaldp, eoclcft'ly, indeed, that in tbat fforpcouB mass of scarlet nnd purple nnd qold ihey were the only group on which the rye could turn viiba ferling like rest fiom the surrounding glitter, ' ilundel'p MKich from *' Jot eph ' had been played at entering, but all musk bad eease-d ub the party stood around the altar, till jtsfimins bioke out with ihcsolcn.fl words of tho chorale *' This day, with jo- ful bpjvrt and voice To llcav'n be rnued a nation's prny'r ; Almighty Father, deigo to grant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. So shall no clouds of sorrow dim The sunshine ef their early days ; But hoppiur^ In cudlees round Shall still e-ncompasc all their ways.' The exquisitely soft music of ibis chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed hy the late Prince Consort. It may have been thie, or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath ber, but ceriain it is that us the hymn commenced bcr Mujcsty drew back from the window of the pew, nnd, after an eflort to concrol her emotion, gave way to bcr tears and almost sobbed ; nor did shn throughout the rest of tbe ceremony entirely recover hcT composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this; the bride's facc was turned from the pew, and tho Queen was withdrawn too much fnm the front for the Prince to 6cc her, though his looks were often turned in that direction. A* the solemn chant ended the prelates advanced to the communion railB, and the Primate, iu a rich clear voice, which was heard Hiroujrbowt ever}' part of the building, cboir, and nave, commenced Uie scrvirr with the usual formulary, 'Dearly beloved, wc are gathered u^aiirr hae | iu the sight of God, and in the face of this congregation, 1 to join together this man and (bis womnn in holy matri ; mouy.' There is a solemn pause after that dreadful adjuration I in whioh they are charged to answer if there was any impediment | to their marriage, and then, after a moment, tbe Primate passed un to ' Wilt thou, Albtrt Edward, have this woman to thy vrildcd wife, to Jive together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony J Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep her in fictcncss und in -health, and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto bcr, so long as yc both shall live P To this the Prince rather bowed than responded, his utterance was so indiblinct 'j'o tbe same question, ' VVilt thou, Alexandra j Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband ' tho I reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every 1 car was strained tu catch it. But to the words,— ' I take thee, Alexandra, to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for Getter for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health', to love and to cherish, tfll death us do part, according to God's holy Ordinance 4, and thfTeto 1 plight thw ntiy troth,' the Prince re peated clearly word for word after his Grace, though now, ag∈, when it was tbe turn of tbe young bride, she could be heard only to answer nlmost inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush, and she seemed very nervous. To the question, ' Who givctb this woman to be married to this man?' the royal father of the bride only bowed and moved towards the Princes?, wbo was removing her glove hurriedly. ?Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, soft voice, firmly and deliberately repeated the words ?' With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, a&d; witb all my worldly goods 1 thee endow ; in the name of the Father, of the Son. ana of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' All then knelt down while the prayer, commencing *' 0 Eter nal *God. Creator and Preserver of all mankind. Giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life; send Thy blessing upon these Thy servants, this man and this woman, whom we bless, in Thy name,' wa6 solemnly repeated, and then they rose, while tbe Primate joined their bands and said the final words, u Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder.' With these words, wbich in law completed tho marriage ccre mony, tbe service was continued to the 6-th Psalm, the solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overw rought feelings of all within tbe choir as the words went pealing softly through both nave and aisle, Thin was continued tbe usual prayer and exhortation, during wbich the guns in the Jong walk were heard booming forth, and the steeples throughout the towa seemed to fill tbe Bir with sound. Misled for a moment, the Queen's band began tuning their instruments, and even the organ pre oae or two involun tary t-pine and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race of har mony, It was premature, however, and there waB a gentle hush, which restated the former Bilecicc, when the Primate v.ds heard concluding the exhortation. Then raising his voice, he solemi.ly pronounced the benediction, during which the Qureu, who had been more derply affected, knelt nnd buried her lace in her Jumdkerchicf. The bride and bridegroom thon iuincd hands, and, turning to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly Jritndthip than a bow of btate* wbich the Queen returned iu lind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting tu'hc Frinccts, quitted the closct, and the whole pageant went p«urir,g 111 a gorgeous stroan. nr flood of colours, of waving I lurae-p, unu filming jewels, out uf the choir. None can tell but il osc wbo were present how grand und- solemn was tbe whole crrotiony, or with how much deep hope and true devotion the inflniegcof the 6eeond Prince of Wales was celebrated in St, George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir* the organ jii.d the h-nd went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Bee thoven ' Ualk-iujah to the Father, And the Son of God, Tiaisc the Lord, yc everlasting cboir, in holy songs of joy, Worlds unborn shall sing His Glory, The exalted 6on of God.' Little remains to clironiclc. Ae soon as the august ceremony wut over, the bride, having first received tho salutation of tbe Lord Chumhcrluinj took the arm of ber husbanJ, aud returned down tbe choir, and beneath the organ to tbe nam Everybead bowed, and invoked a blessing us they passed ; and it wa6 a brave tijiLt to see tbe royal family, tbe foreign princes, end theprin'.' ci&scs; with their co&ily; trains, sweep along the nave and follow b» r iijio that gorge&u;* reception room to offer ber their congra tulations, It is an interesting incident in the events of the day that the Qu ten returning privately from the royal closet waited at the praiid entrance of the castle for th.c*arrival of the Prince and Princess, and was tbe first person to' receive and congratulate them ; w bich she di4 with au cxpre&eioa; of profound emotion. The iiluttrioue eon.pany being now collected in the castle, the mairiage wns attested in due form in the Green Drawing-room ,M.d White-room by the loyal guests, the Church dignitaries, the Lord .Chancellor, and other zuinietcz'fi ef the Crown, aud Jit do Bille, the Danish ni'nirtu. . The royal guests were then conducted to the dining-room, ; where a magnificent dejeuner was served. The wedding cake, .which occupied the centre of the royal table, was divided into ' three compartments; the middle, of octangular form, contained a Fquoie altar in the centre, with a cupid at each angle holding a ? piece of wedding cako. Towards the conclusion of the tfejenner, . the Lord Steward proposed ' Their Royal Highnesses tbe Prince end Princess of Wales.' In Su Gcorge's~haU, a simil&T; entertainment was served to tbe diplomatic corps, tbe ladies in waiting, aod to the very numerous company present at the ccrcmony of the marriage, in tbe choir of the chapel, amounting to about four hundred persons. Here another wedding-eake, of enormous dimensions, was placed in tbe middle of the table. It weighed aboat eighty pounds, and fenced an octagon, covered with white satin, each side dis playing alternately medallions of the Prince of Wales, the arms of Great Britain, medallions of the Princess Alexandra, aud the arms of Denmark. The cornice was formed of large pearls. The cake was decorated with orange blossom and jasmine, and tbo top was surmounted by a vase filled with a jasmine bouquot, Immediately after tbe dejeuner, the Knights of the Garter, the Ministers of the Crown, the Archbishop and Bishops, and other guests left the cattle. At four o'clock their Boyal nigbnessee the Prince and Princcss of Wales took their departure for ber Majesty's marine residence, Osborne, Jde of Wight, Tbeir royal highnesses were conducted down the grand staircasc by the Lord Steward, the Lord Cham berlain, the Master of the Horse, the Groom of the Stole to his royal highness, the Treasurer of the Household, the ViceCham berl∈, and the Comptroller of the Household, The members of the Danish royal family, and moat of the royal visitors, followed the Prince and Princcsa to the grand entrance, where the Princess of Wales look leave of her parents and other relatives. The ir ltoyal Highnesses entered an open carriage and four, and, prec- ded by outriders in scarlet liveries, passed slowly round the quadrangle of tbe castle. Many of the ladieB and gentlemen of the Queen's household were present at the entrance to witness tbe departure of their Boyal Highnesses, I A second open carriage and four conveyed the Countess of I Morton, Lridy in Waiting to the Princess, Lieutenant- General Knollyp, Comptroller to his Royal l£igbnc6s, and Mrs. Knollys, nnd Lieutenant-Colonel Keppel, Kqucvry in Waiting. These were tbe only persons wbo attended the l'rincc and Princess on their journey to Osborne. The Trinec and Princess of Wales passed nnder the George IV, gateway and proceeded to the Windsor 6tationof the Great Western Railway. We have already described the dress of the bride ; and this is, perhaps, the proper piucc to refer to the dresses of the princesses and the brideemwids. ' The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a train of lilac silver mcire, trimmed with white honiton lacc. Petticoat of white Futin, with honiton lace tunic und bands of lilac velvet. Diadem of diamonds. Stoiuachcr, necklace, nnd cavrings of diamonds, Head-dress, white feathers and tulle veil. The Ducbcss of Cambridge wore a violet velvet train trimmed witb crnjine. Petticoat of violet satin trimmed wilh black lace, covered with a tunic ol' honiton Vace, a tiara of pearls and dia monds ; necklace und stomacber lo match. The Princcrs Helena wore a train of white eilk, with bouquets of ibe lose, shamrock, and thistle, tied with silver cord, manu factured bj Lewi* and Allcnby, trimmed with tulie, and bouquets ot lilacs, white and lilac. Petticoat of white tulle over white giace, striped with ribbons of rose, shamrock, and thistle; bouquet of lilr.c. Head-dress, wreath of lilacs, white feathers, and hlor.de lappets \ diamond ornaments, Vtinccee Lonifrc and I'rincrss Beatrice, drew ef white tulle over wnite glace, striped M'llb ribbons of rose, shamrock, and thistle, tied with silver cord ; trimmed with bouquets of lilacs. Head clrcFt, wreathe of hires (white und lilac) ; pearl ornaments, Her Impel iul Highness the Duchess of Brabant wore a train ol Wuemoiie antique embroidered with gold. The wreaths ol the bridi swuiils were formed of blush rose*, shamrocks, aud white buiber, witb long veils, of tulle fulling from the bach of the wreath. Ibe drrwa of white tulle over white glace were trimmed to correspond, As it wns understood tbat the royal pair would sot out on their journey to Oebowc immediately after the -itjeuncr% the multi it doe outside collected in dense masses to catch a lust glimpse of tbeiu. At laM the: Prince and Princcss of Wales appeared in an open earrinpc drr.wn by four white horses, nod preceded by out riders similarly mounted. This wae the signal for, perhaps, tho loudest burst of cheering which hud been beard throughout the day \ aud when the South-Western Railway was reached, and tho Princc and IMuccsa showed them selves at tbe window of the saloon carriage, the enthusiasm beeamc almost frantic. In tt moment more the train had disap peared, and, eo far bb regarded Windsor, tbe ceremony was fit an end, Thtir Boyal Highnesses reaobed Cowoa at ten minutes past seven, when an address was presented from the Mayor and Cor poration at Itydc. The royal carriages were in waiting at the Trinity House landing-place, nnd in a tow minutes tbe Prinocand Princess were driven to Osborno, I 