The Advertiser ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1863. THERE IS, AND HAS BEEN for some time past, considerable sickness in and around Adelaide, scarlatina being very prevalent, and many fatal cases having occurred. People are naturally enough beginning to enquire into the causes of all this, and whilst some blame the Waterworks for excess of moisture, others blame the In spector of Nuisances for neglect of duty. We" would not venture to say that this way of ac counting for ihe prevailing sickness is purely non causa pro causa; —we would not go so far as to affirm that the water supply involves no unhealthy consequences, or that there is nothing deleterious in the prevalence of noxious gases which it is the duty of the Inspector of Nui sances to banish. But there is just one con sideration, —which we mention in justice to the Waterworks and the impeached Inspector, namely, that a considerable amount of sickness, including scarlatina in fatal forms, has for some time past prevailed where neither Waterworks nor Inspectors of Nuisances have yet obtained a footing. We must therefore look deeper into the causes of things before arriving at a satisfactory explanation of the present con dition of the public health. The small quantity of water wasted from, the taps is scarcely worth mentioning in comparison with the pools and lakes that an unusually wet spring have created ; and although we are inclined to look with greater apprehension upon the existence of nuisances such as those which our municipal authorities are in duty bound to suppress, it is evident that the numerous cases of scarlatina, and other diseases of the same order that occur ia hitherto salubrious country districts, must be attributed to some other cause—to some cause affecting in common the health both of the urban and rural population. It is a great misfortune that in a young com munity like this we have no properly recognised Board of Health, nor organisation of any kind for studying the sanitary conditions that ought to be enforced or recommended with a view to reducing to a minimum preventable disease. "Prevention," says the old adage, "is better than cure," but colonial practice reverses the old adage and says that "cure is better than prevention." We have plenty of doctors to tell us what to do when we are taken ill; but not one to tell us how to keep well. There was a great deal of sense in the Oriental who paid his medical attendant whilst in good health, and stopped his pay immediately on tiie approach of sickness. It was true philosophy, and there are few persons, we imagine, but would rather pay to avoid physic than to take it. But fashion dominates every thing, and it is the fashion to study the laws of disease, not the laws of health; we are physicked when sick, but are not admonished when welL In England, for many years past, the science of hygiene has been studied with incalculable advantage to all classes of the community. The various Boards of Health are ever on the look out to anticipate disease by detecting its predisposing causes and various agencies, the result being the literal additioD of many years to die lifetime of the whole popula tion. Domiciliary visits are made; unhealthy localities are purged of their impurities; nuisances are abated; hints and suggestions for popular use are from time to time published and circulated; the experience gained in one district is compared with that gained in another, —and though there may be fewer pills and potions required, the medical profes sion has exalted itself from the position of thriving upon human suffering and premature death, to the much more honorable one of being the regenerator of public health and vigor, the promoter of long life and national wealth and well being. When Mr. Hanson was in power it was promised by the Government that the Colonial Medical Department ehonld famish periodical reports upon the condition of the public health in this province; bnt this good intention has gone, we suppose, to a place where good intentions form the pavement. We have regu larly furnished reports upon the health and sickness of the aborigines,—but as whitefellows can pay for their physic and their funerals, it is needless to trouble about them. We have periodical returns and reports as to the health or otherwise of our sheep and cattle; and though it has been said that a man is better than a sheep, we incline to tie belief that this ib an idea, confined principallj to the other hemis phere. We think, however, that the sanitary condition of the people is a question as well worthy of consideration here as it is admitted to to be elsewhere. We spend large sums of money in the introduction of immigrants; and even on the ground of economy should endea vour to preserve and prolong lives that are so valuable to the state as to justify this immense annual outlay. It must be borne in mind that with the resumption of immigration the public health will require to be more closely watched, inasmuch as every summer there will be a number ofpersonsnotacclimatisedjanduponwhom change of temperature, change of diet, altered habits of life, &c;, must necessarily operate more or less injuriously, apart from that general supervision and experienced counsel which in the old cities of Europe are universally afforded, and which — a fortiori —ought to be granted to a commu nity of new comers. That the medical men of South Australia would gladly fall in with some well devised plan for exercising supervision over the public health, and would occasionally report upon the predisposing causes of epidemic disease, and upon the remedial and preventive measures that are necessary, we have not the slightest doubt. No doubt all has been done that skill and care could do for the numerous victims of scarlatina and other diseases that of late have been co prevalent, but if an equal amount of care had been exercised in studying the condi tions of health as in battling with the ravages of disease, our colonial obituary would have been less mournfully furnished. The fapbrs from England are filled with records of modern superstition,—some ludi crously absurd, some tragically serious,—most of them carrying us back to what, in the plenti tude of nineteenth century conceit, we designate the " dark ages." Spirit rappers and mediums of all ages and conditions have had their full swing, until—as the (Kmes remarks—their elaborate spiritualism has found its climax in Professor Pepper's ghost! No doubt after awhile the tables, that for the present seem a little tired of turning, will recommence their re volutions ; and the rappers will revive again. Bat, contrary to all proper ideas of theatrical arrangement, the intervals of the fashionable farce have been filled up with stern and veritable tragedy,—the farce and the tragedy being alike the offspring of superstition, which—as proved by history—is neither limited to ignorance, nor cured by education. One of the dullest counties in England,—so far, as least, as relates to its lower orders—is the County of Essex, and there a case of witchcraft has occurred that for its bona fides, so far as that expression is applicable, will bear com parison with any of the old stories that at the same time interest and harrow up the imaging tion of childhood. We will give the story in the words of the Times of September 24:— "In the parish of Sible Hedingbam, in the county of Essex, lived, till last month, an old man who was popularly credited with super natural powers. He had every qualification suitable to the character. He was aged, he was afflicted, he was eccentric, he was poor, and he was a mystery. No one knew whence he came, what he was, or even what was his name. He was a Frenchman, and he was deaf and dumb, and with those two scraps of information ended all knowledge of the man and his history. He had resided at Sible Hedingham in a wretched hut, and all alone, for seven or eight years, when, on the 3rd of August last, he was barbarously hustled away in a crowd of people to the 6luice of a water-mill, thrown into the stream, and so cruelly used that about a month aftercrards he died, according to medical evidence, of the injuries received. It will be easily seen that the poor creature was ' swum' for a wizard—that is to say, he was thrown into the water in pur suance of the traditions still unhappily surviving. The original idea pointed only to the de tection of diabolical dealings by the floating or sinking of the alleged culprit; but in practice a witch was ' ducked' either as a punish ment for her doings or as a countercharm against her sorceries, and this appears to have been the nature of the atrocity in the case before us. It is a shocking story, but in its particulars will be found much to instruct us. We have first the benefit of a strange piece of evidence. Emma Smith, the wife of a village publican, was, according to the story and the charge, both the victim and the destroyer of this unfortunate wizard. If she proved the death of him, there is reason to believe that he almost proved the death of her. Being charged with the homicide, and asked in due course what she had to allege in her own behalf, she told a story which we are not inclined to discredit. She said that the old Frenchman, who seems to have had no other name than ' Dummy,' came to her shop about ten months before and asked leave to sleep in a shed on the premises, which she allowed him to do. A few days afterwards she wanted him to leave, when he ' made signs,' and at length wrote up legibly on a door that she would be ill in ten days' time. The curse was fulfilled. She did sicken, and had remained ill ever since. She believed herself bewitched, could get no good from any of the doctors, and was firmly persuaded that only the vizard himself could cure the evil which he had caused. This was the origin of the case, and the detail* of the catastrophe were supplied by other wit nesses, The rendezvous at the public-house on the fatal night appears to have been accidental. The taproom was full of people, including Mrs. Smith and poor old 'Dummy.' Mrs. Smith was bewailing her sickness, and charging it all on ' Dummy's' witchcraft. She turned to him and begged him to remove the charm. She said that if he would go back home with her and do her good she would give him three sovereigns, and use him well. When these proposals were ex plained to him he ' drew his fingers across his throat,' meaning, it seems, that he would rather have his head cut off than consent. It was after these good words had failed that the men pre sent began to ' twist him about,' till at length he got out of the house, Then, through some instinct or instigation, he was hustled or dragged to a brook adjacent, and from the brook to the deeper water of a mill-head, where, mainly, as is alleged by the woman Smith and a man committed with her for trial, he was 'swum.' He survived this inhuman handling, and found people charitable enough to help him home, but the shock was too much for a poor shaky old creature of fourscore, and, after lingering till the 4th of this month, he ex pired." No doubt the woman Smith (who is com mitted for trial) was "bewitched;" that is, she was really and truly brought under the spell of the old man's incantations; and it is equally clear that he was aware of his power over her, and wished to retain his influence as an unde niable guarantee to all the superstitious popu lace around. Of course the delusion consists in the supposition that he had dealings with the Evil One; but apart from this, all the elements attributed to ancient witchcraft were in force in the present instance; —and as the infatuated woman believed in demoniacal agency also, the parallel—so far as she was concerned—was com plete. But we are not quite sure whether the woman Smith believed more firmly in the de moniacal inspiration of "Dummy" than the people of quality who recently inspected the celebrated " crystal ball," believed in the really miraculous nature of its revelations. Certainly we have met with no cases of superstitious cre dulity amongst the poor that may not be pa. ralleled amongst the wealthy and titled. Apropos of the last remark, we find that another " Winking Madonna " has broken out in Italy. A correspondent of the Tablet, who went to Vicovaro to see this prodigy, thus outbids in credulity the hinds of Sible Hedingham:— "At first entering the church I took my place in the crowd, but in front of the altar and immediately in view of the picture, at a distance of not more than five or six yards. For some ten minutes nothing took place, and as the mass proceeded I got tired of watching and almost forgot the matter, and by the time of the conse cration was thinking of anything but the miracle. The ringing of the bell and the movement of the people falling on their knees for the elevation shook me out of my fit of absence; and, looting mechanically to the altar, I saw what I shall never forget, if I live a hundred years. The picture was no longer a picture; it was a living human face —the eyes raised almost to tension of the muscles, the pupils nearly lost, and the white alone visible; the color in the face bad faded to a deadly paleness, and the brows fol lowing the movement of the eyes were drawn together with an expression of agony perfectly awful to witness. The whole face was agitated: the lips, the muscles of the cheeks moved in sympathy with the upper part of the face, and the change was altogether one from a pretty (that" is the exact word), childlike, mild Madonna to a Mater Dolorosa of terrible in tensity of power. No mechanical contri vance could have produced such a change— no power of imagination wrought such a com plete revolution in the entire character and ex pression of the face; and the effect of the phenomena on me, coming as they did in my own case at a moment when I was not thinking of them, and was entirely distracted from the matter, was such as almost to cause a physical revulsion, so obvious and so unearthly were they. The face continued to retain the phenomenal character some minutes, then returned to its normal state, but reassumed the miraculous ex pression several times in the following mass, and very remarkably indeed during the chaunting of the Litanies. What I have here recorded was what I myself saw—what I would state on oath in a court of justice occurred, and which accordi entirely with the testimony of those who, com missioned by the Holy Father, went to test the truth of the miracle and returned perfectly satisfied of its reality, of which they have signed formal depositions." The Monitors (Roman paper) of September 3 vouches for the miracle as a fact beyond all doubt, and adds that the Bishop went to the church on the previous Sunday and "gave communion himself from a beautifully worked silver pyx presented by the Pope. Of course the miracle is a matter of devout and honest belief on the part of thousands, even as it is a rank cheat on the part of others. There is, however, a chance of this pretty piece of impo sition being exploded, on a well known principle which we need not more particularly mention, inasmuch as the Bishop of Tivoli, in whose diocess the Church and moving picture are, has put in a claim for a share of the profits, which the core" resisting, the Bishop threatens law, and is further reported to have said— he doubt* whether the image winks at all! Had we space at command we could easily multiply instances of the credulity of the 19th century, —instances neither confined to nation nor creed, but we most close with one more case: — "At last Loughgall (County Antrim) Petty Sessions, James Hagan was summoned by his wife, Sarah Hagan, for gross illtreatment, the cause of which was the loss of a talisman which Hagan believed enabled him to become invisible at certain times and places. This myste rious power is communicated by the pos session of 'a dead man's finger.' It certainly must have once been part of a very bad man, for its possessor seems to have used it for very bad purposes, his wife having sworn that he kept it because by means of it he could enter any man's dwelling, go behind his counter, and rob his drawers without being observed or detected, This was her evidence; but she could not say if the finger had ever been so employed. No doubt to a thief such a relic would be valuable. Hagan regarded it in that light; it endowed him with a charmed existence, and, because his wife could not account for it, he gave her a most unmerciful beating, and threatened to take her life. The truth appears to be that the poor woman became alarmed at the conduct of her husban^in carrying about the finger, and she buried it in a neighbor's field and forgot the place of interment. No excuse would satisfy Hagan. He would have the finger, and nothing but the finger; so that the poor woman, failing to discover it, was beaten almost to death. The Bench, having com mented severely on the fellow's misconduct and gross superstition, ordered him to find bail to keep the peace for 12 months. 