METROPOLITAN HACES. Third Day-Saturday. Saturday was undoubtedly the great day of the race mteting. From an early hour in the mjroing all class? » of the people began to make preparations for the journey to Randwick, and for spending the diy there. Business in the city was partially suspended, and during the early part of the day, and indtcd up to dusk, tho Randwick road was thronged with every description of vehicle, from the splendid equipage of t! o Governor to the costermongpr's cart, while large numbeis wtnt out on horaibnck, and hundreds of pedtblrium?,-perhaps from pecuniary considera- tions, or it may be from choice,-especi- ally those wh'se nervous sensibilities draw vivid picturts of "spills," collisions, andrunawiy horses,-preferred to do tho journey on "foot back." The road to the ccuiBe has been very much improved of late, and as a reault there has not been, to our knowledge, a single accident in the shape of a capsize, either in going to or returning from the cours?. This, by the way,is somewhat remarkable, considering the rapiel at which many of the vehicles were driven, and in many cases the ever-crowed state of the 'busss. The rain thht fell on Wednesday night effectually laid the dust for the following day, and on Friday there was but slight c&use; for complaint in this respect ; but yesterday, tho road being quite dry, and the traffic very great, the red dust flew in clouds and rendered the cost1« *f all those exposed to it of the same colour for the time. The weather wa all that could be desired, and the attendance in cm sequence exceedingly large. At one time there wa probably rot less than 7000 people on the ground The booth-keepers drove a good trade, but there wa. no excessive indulgence, and we did not observe a single person under the influence ofliquor. The usua racecoutse swindles-"Aunt Sally," "under and and over seven," and " three throws a shilling," with other gambling arrangements of an equally entertain- ing character were in full force, and were, we fear, jartronised to a considerable extent. The ground was well kept by the police, who also rendered efficient service in assisting the inspector of vehicles to keep something like order among the bu^Ees in setting down and taking up passengers. Híb Excellency tho Governor and suite arrived on the ground early "in the day, and remained until after the great race of the meeting-the Metropolitan Cup -was run, the bond playing the national anthem on tne airival of the Vice- regal party, and again when they took their departure. The Grand Stand pre- sented a very animated appearance from the time tnat the course was cleared for each race till the rice wui over, not only from the immense moss of people up jn it, but from the presence of a large number of ladiej, whose gay toilets contrasted cheerfully with the sembré habiliments of the other sex. It is satisfactory to be able to report that the sport, which hid atti acted such a large concourse of people ?»as fully iqual to anticipation, all the race*being well contested. The first event on the card was the Prince of Wales Stakes, for -which Blue- tail Fly started first favourite, and justified the opinion formed of him by winning cleverly, bealing Mmd of the Lake, Young Morgan, lem Mood), and Wonder For the Randwick Derby Stakes nothing would go down with the majority but Meteor, some of the "knowing one*," howe\er, gnt I quietly on about Ramornie, who won the race tutu compárate e ease, the favourite running in second The MetripohtanCup was the great e\ent of the day | and the meeting, and in this the "prophets" were terribly astray As each horse uncovered in the sad- dling paddock, he was immediately surrounded bv a crowd of admiréis, eager to scan his points and weigh the probabilities of his first " catching the judge n eye" Traveller attracted the largest share of atten tion , end although admirfdbj many, there appeared among the better judges of h rses a btronger disposi- tion to lay against Lim his appearance being somewhat dull and hea\y Notwithstanding the desperate struggle between Tarragon and Pasha for the Three-mile Handicap on the first day of the meeting, the former stripped in the excellent form which seems inseparable from Mr Towns' stables, snd both were as fresh as kittens Pasha's coat was I somewhat rough, but his condition wus good never- theless, and the oddB about him were eagerly snapped tip by many, while others backed him at odds against Regno and Rioter, and with odds eien against Traveller. Kildare also re- ce» td considerable attention while undergoing the preliminary operations preparatory to the race He Las grown into a fine well-proportioned horse since he last stripped at Randwick', aud as he left the yard on Satuiday hu form was so good, and as he was so well m in regard to the weight, that not a few trusted lum with money at the current odds, and a considerable number backed him to get a place Regno has very much improved since the gathering in May, and of course his admirers were numerous, but as it was believed he was sent merely to cut out the work for his formidable stable companion, Tarragon, and as it vi as understoed that his owner had declared to win with the latter, people were sky of backing him Still not a few, believing that he would have to do his bcBt for the stable if Tarragon was cloBely pushed at 1 e finish, backed him at the last minute, and one book-maker in particular, after the race, was heard to lament that the start had not taken place a few minutes earlier Piior to the race for the Maiden Plate, Mr Richards, the owner of Rioter, took long odds about winning both events, and as he had pulled off the first, he had great confidence that he would secure the second also , but there was a pretty general impression that the distance was a little too long, as the event proved, although he was well up at the finish A week or two since, Eva was inquired after, and a few small investments were made On Saturday, howe\er, there was less money laid agmnst her than any other m the race, as it was believed she could not stay the distance, although, along with Rioter, she had the best of the weights. As they emerged from the saddling yard, and took their preliminary cantera down the course, thousand« of eager eyes turned anxiously towards them, and the style of going of each was closely watched and criti- cised lra-\eller, Tarragon, and Pasha were backed to "vin a great deal of money by the respective admirers 01 each, and it was considered by many that there was nothing else m the race After one of the best races ever run on the course, the whole of the horses, ?without exception, keeping well together from start to finish, Regno, amid a hurricane of applause, won the race by two lengths, Tarragon beating Miss Pickson's Kildare by a neck for second place Traveller's defeat was a severe blow to his party, who had not only backed him heavily to win, but had put a lot of money on him against Tarragon for places Maincamp was mo«t fancied for the Inn- keepers' Purse, but hero the pot was again upset, George the First winning it hard held In this race Kiss-me quick came to grief at the Rocks' turn in the first round, and her rider, F. Willis, was thrown. At first it was believed that he was seriously hurt, but beyond a somewhat severe shaking he was fortunately not injured The Forced Handieap was regarded as a certainty for Shamrock, but he was beaten with the greatest ease by Despatch We should mention that throughout the meeting Mr Martyn was peculiarly successful in starting the horses well together, with not more than one or two false starts "VS e append a detailed account of the racing - FinsT Race -The Prinoe of Wales Stakes of 5 sovo reigns each, with 60 sovereigns added, for throo year olds and upwards, one mile and three quarters, no maldon allowance, the owner of the second horse to receive 10 sovereigns out of the prize, tho winner to be sold by auo tloB immediaielv after tho race for £100, if entered to be sold for £80, allowed 71ba , if for £70, 121bs , if for £60, I91bs , if for £50, 281b*. The amount, if any, realised in excess of the entered Belling prices, to go tho raoe funds Mr J Obus' b g Blocuül Fly, aged, 7et, 101b (£50) (Batty) 1 E, narvey'a b. Í. Maid of the Lake, 4 years, 7st, 21b (£60j (W Moore) 2 T. Ivory's b g. Young Morgan, 0 years, 7at. lOlbs (£50) (Cane) 3 C. Deal's ro h. Wonder, 5 years, 9st (£80) A Bather's b g Tom Moody, aged, 7st 101b (£50) Betting 6 to 4 against Blue-tail Fly, 2 to 1 against Yoang Morgan, 3 to 1 each against Wonder, Tom Moody, and Malu of the Lake Echo, Canute, and Retriover were aoratohed The horses got away upon pretty equal terms, but before reaching the bland Tom Moody had a strong lead, Maid of tha Lako lying second, tho pace, however, for the horaa waa too severe to last, and at the back of the course he tell to the rear, the filly and Blue lad Fly befnfr drat and second At the Derby corner the favourite collared tho filly, and in thu order they ran home, Bluo Tail Tly beatmg tho flUy by about ant lengths, tho same distance separating the Maid and Young Morgan , Wonder and Tom Moody Delng no- where. In accordance with tho conditions of the raoe, tho winner was offered for sale, but there being no advanoa on the upset price, he was not sold. Second Race-Tho Randwick Derby Stakoa of 10 sovereigns eaoh, with 150 sovereigns added, for three-year old colts, 8 st 10 lb , tillie", 8 at 5 lb. (No allowance to geldings), the seoond horse to receive 50 sovereigns from the prisa, one mila and s half. Mr. Checke*» br o Bamornlo . {Driscoll) 1 W. Hall s b f. Miss Magna C5L'hoJpî Î F M. Doyle's ch g Meteor . (Woods) i W TownB'br c Loiterer J Onus' b c Pelham W. Baldwin'« b. o Sir Hercúlea M'Grcger's br, o, Holjrood, Betting 6 to 4 agalntt Moteor| 2 to I each agikrtTr? Magna and Raroomio 3 to 1 sgamst Uitarlr á . ? BgamBt Pelham and Sir Here* les. ^r' * '» 1 S Ktlpio was withdrawn Meteor's rnnnw r MnideJ Plate had placed MmfatfcA« ¿h, favourite for tbia race, although Ra "orale au¡ t* Magus vero not without friends At th start mt" jumped to the front, and led p18t the íZ? Miss Magus second, and the remainder in U< sa alt J, *. UurfngtEe no« half milo several changes taliolí,,m, ulong the back stretch Ramornie «as leadme Mi« v Mä r^oond, and Meteor third ^o further »lW«lZ "r ^ ¡iona occurred with the leading horie», ttamrZ. ?Jfo tho post three lengths m advance of tha ûllj, aud ,fi 5s .amo distance separating her and the Maulander 1 bird Jlaco-The Motiopolitan Cup v^lua 20 .« reigns, with 200 sovereigns added by tho A J C to»,? with o Bwecpstako of 20 sovereigns eaoh 10 ¿»S? fo.feit, half forfeit onlv (5 sovereigns) if dilarM Ä honorary secretAt-y on or before the 15th August ¿Lîî hanaicÄr2m3üesft0tn ^ P"Z5' ** ?" horÄ Mr. Town's b h Rcgno, 1 years, 8 st, 7 lb lVtita\\\\\ , Town's b h Tarragon 5 years, 0 st, 7 lb (Minim» Miss Dickon's 1,1k b. Kildare, 5 years, 7 st 7 lb ?S Mr Ryan's cb g. Tra-rcllcr, 5 years, 9 st, 4 lb l Tn) ' Do Clouott's ro ob g Pasha, 6 years, 8 st 0 lb Sine's b ra Eva, 4 year», 6 st. 13 lb Richard's b h Rioter, 4 years, fi st 13 lb Sotting 2 to leach against Tarragon and 1 raveller Stn against Pasha, 6 to 1 ea«lj against Rioter and Reem lu 1 against Kildare, and 10 to 1 against Eva 8 ' " 1 iorretter, Dispatch, Shamrock, and Promised Lit! wore withdrawn from this race Mr Towns ii olared to win, if he could, with Tarragon PromsJr to the time the lot drew up at the two mila l-l (at the back of the course), and at the first attempt thefli? fell, and tha herees gut away together a Utter u\ I wj never eflVofed Kildara rurhed to the from at odo toil np tho middle running, and kept it during .he greata pií ûf lho race He led onl} by a length or so however a I ik» others being in so compact ab*>dy tha» it was llffi'MiUtos« wh ich was heading the rack In paxeing the ítsnd toe Uni timo Kildare waa leading, with Eva s»cond, and thäoJuri all in a heap, Tarragon beading Traveller by a nyi This order was maintained ronnd the Rooks' turn but atti. back of the courue, Kildare und Eva lost whatever abril advantage they previously possessed, and for a oamiderwlj distance the lot were so olese together that a Urge tóla cloth would apparently have covered them Towiid li» Delby corner, Kildare again made play and led bj a good length, Rioter being second, when amid the on intense excitement on the Stand, R«gno eraergM from the nick and joined the leader For a hundred yarda or no tí ; raced nccfe and nock, and on entering the rails Driioofl let out his horno and got a clear lead of two lengths, nl>,;\ he carried to the post. Halfway from tha dlt-Uace pul Hit/gerson took; ïamtgon alongside of Killare, Kj beat him at the post by half a length for 8»cond pi»* Rioter was fourth, Pasha fifth, 1.raveller suth, andBn last of all 1 une, 3 minutes 4G oo.ond-, Value of stak* £400 * We might staio that shortly after the rsce Regno chtnjed hands, Mr Jenner having purchased him for £700 Fenrlh Race -The Innkeepers' Stakes of 6 siverelpi each with 60 sovereigns added, for all horses that hm never viona prir-e exceeding 70 sovereigns at tha timjoi entronco , 2} miles, maidens at starling allowed 5 lbi « winner of more than 70 sovereigns after entry to carrrî lbs extra 1 he owner of the second horse to receive 10 sovereigns out of the prize Entrance £210.'. Mr T Ivory's b g, Georgo the First, 0 years, 9 st 13 lb, (T Villis) | H Baker s gr g Forester, 6 years, 9 st, 13 lbs (Hogjñesh) I A. Cobcrofts br h \ oluntcer, 4 years, 9 st. 4 lbs (MitcM) I J, IllifiVs b (, Darkle, 0 years, 9 st, 12 lbs \- Love's c ni Kies me Quick, 6 years, 9 st 10 lbs, C TV Lawson's cb g Premier, 4 years 8 st. 9 lbs A Bowman's eh m Desdemona 4 years 8 st 3 lbi G K Caldron's cb m Maid or Erin, ¡ year», 9st. 4ibi li Austin'» bil oltikcur, 5 ycais, 8 st 4 lba Galvin's gr m Gondola 6 years 9 st. 4 lbs A Checke ebb. Stork, 5 years, 9 st. 9 lbs C Single's gr g Malncamp 6 vears, 9 st 13 lbs Betting 3 to 1 each »gainst Mamcarap and Mali of Erin , 4 to 1 each again« Qeorga the Tust Volaateer, toretUr, and Stork, and ó ti 1 ag&iBst; aastbin,; elsa The start was effected without any diflicu't> and Maia csnsp ab the first favourite, at once went to iii« nuit. Isothingparticulai occurred until the horses reared ths Rocka in the first round, wh«n Kia» me quit ttumbW and threw her jockey, who, fortan» ûj was not much injured In passing the Stand the see od timo ToresUr was leading, with George the Tint close on his quarter At tho bact of the court« For- ester euciutnbed to Geerge, who was never afterwards cellared, winning the race easily, Forester being ¡OMnd atd Volunteir third Maid of Erin and Maincamp a can »ldrrable distance in the rear Fifth Race -The Forced Handioap of 5 soveieignseicb wiib 30 «ivereigas added, lor all winners opiion*lf» th» Hurry Scurry avd all beaten horses, li mile, th.3 winter to poy £5 5t to the club No entrance, The following handicap was issued - Remo 9 et 51b»,, Geoige the Fust, 8 st, 13 lbs., Eva, 8 st 10 lbs , Shara rock, 8 st 7 lbs , Forester fst. 7 lbs , Wonder 8 it, 6 lb? , Bluelail Fly, 8 st l'lb , Zenobia, Set , Diipatab, 7 at 10 lba , Rioter, 7 st lOlbs , Moid of Ena, 7at 71bi, Ramornie, 7 at 6 lbs , Miss Magu», 6 st 13 lba Dispatch (DM } Shamrock (BälW » Bluetail Fly Eva Betting : Bvcn on Shamrock. Regno, Riot«, Maid ot Brin, Wonder, Miss Magus, George the First, Ziaobis. and Forester, did not accept ; Ramornie did not start, ana Pasha was scratched belora the handicap waa issued, Tbo race was regarded as a certainty for Shamrock; tha old horse, however, had not sufficient pace, and was buten easily by Dispatch. This brought one of the most successful meet-'nga test was ever held at Randwick to a cíese. No Borner wa the race finished than a rush was made for the gates, and (or acme time the pushing and crushing were tremendous; we believe, however, that no accident occurred on tbo road home. The prizes won during the meeting will be paid over in Tattersall^ long room at eight o'clock this evening, anille general settling will take place afterwards. Accident in Geobqe-btkeet -Mr John Street, sob citor, North shore, was found at about naif-past tune o clock yesterday morning, bing on the pavement, George street Noith. Ho was removed in a cab to the Infirmar/i when it waa found that his knee was broken Suddei, Death -A waterman named Thomas Smith, liviDg in Cambndge-atreet, died suddenly at about five o'clock cn Saturday evening, from, it is thought, a fit oí apoplexy An inquest will be held this morning The Morpeth Railway .-Saturday's jl/ireury elates that the works on the Maitland and Morpeth Kailway ban, during the past few days, been entirely discontlaufd, ant the men who were employed upon iheru aro now idle Tha stoppage is attributed to the absence of the oontriotor. Hit Martindale Committal por Libel -John Arthur Irune, formby chief constable of Dubbo, has been committed for tnaUt the Quarter Sessions, Wellington, on tho 22nd October next, for having written and published a falsa and maliotous libel against Mr. Jean Emile SoriBier, J F The Oi-era - On Saturday evening the opera'lo sebmii waa brought to a cIobo moBt appropriately by the perform- ance of the " Huguenota," in tho p-esenca of a larg?i fashionable, and (what waa extremely gra'ifjrog) most appreciatue audienoo This evening tha drsmato «ess» at the Prince of Wales will commence, when, in addition to the attraction *f the company, tho "Ghost' iiloslonw be presented. The Stolen Bank Notes -Wednesday's Goulburn Chronicle states that within the last few days a large num- ber of the notes stolen from the Mudgee mail have been circulated in Goulburn. A considerable portion of them have been traced to persons known to have been in the company of the deceased bushranger Lowry. It is there- fore hoped that the circulators of the notes alluded to will be brought to book for their offences, and condignly punished. The Gulph Diggings - The Moruya Ifessengtrnyt -A correspondent, under date August 30, writes us. Bating that several parties aro domg well at the Gulph Digging«, and that tha prospects generally are more encouraging tnsn they have been for some time Mr White and his party have already picked up thirty ounces of gold frsra the wa dirt, and expect to get as much mora when they wasti m bottom Soma parties aro at work at Bolaro Creek, «ni they think it will bo a good field, though as yet they Mt» done but lit lo A \ ast improvement is taking plaoa at tua Gulph and Bumbo A party (the lucky finders of a si teen-ounco nugget a fow months back) had forsiteatna claim from which turned out that Hob. lump Last; »mi, however, they determined to give it another oTsraaui,«, proceeding which broHght a very liberal return, stjau nuggets, weighing in all about sixteen ounces, were bùowj üb on Wednesday, part of the proceda they had oMmim from their second searoh into the mystanos of «heir "ia claim. We understand that they procured fiva ounces »i coarse gold In addition. ,...-. tt CAPTunE op a Horse STEALER.-3oma weeki ago, it may bo remembered, a young man, named William Karns", jun, well known in this district, was implicate«!taian« tempt to steal a herd of horses (worth about £300) mo pro- perty of Mr Hall of Dartbrook, a« waa aappMäd, mu. the intention of taking them to Queensland *T%Z waa lseued for Ramsay's apprehension, bat |« m»W." eludo tbo graap of the police- until last Thon*« morning It appears that information waa T tained the presiona evening that Ramsay hsd commenced clearing a piece of land whioli na aw taken up under free seleotion, at WyboBg Creek, «mm twenty miles beyond Muswellbrook Senior sergemtrj Shanrinn and two other troopers Btarted for the place «na ana carno out ot tne nouso wuu uulu.^b -, -~. ^ited he was called to eland, instead of complying, h mk« off, on foot aa ha waa, and dodged the troopera roondWUa loga, making his way towards a 6ue horns «^t w« BJ«"* outBido the fencing Inconsequenceof the?«»»"{£ of the placo, made moro diffloalt ef passage byWl»«* ber, the troopers had to dismount, and AwbtB«»» Sergeant Shannon repeatedly called on him to MU threatening to shoot him if he did no obey-an1.8T *?? ehofa ftom's revolver over bia hoad to inUrmdato him * Ramsay was increasing the distance between Unwell[ana hw pursuers, the sergeant firod again, and tb.o »»"*»« Kay in tha thigh, bringing him to tha «oondrton* He w¿ then arrested, and taken into the towel* Thernton, of Muswellbrook, was sent for, «*£*££$ attended to Ramsay's wound. The taw waa *»» 5¿ apllntered. but no aerious raault ia »jiUoipated.-iU«»*«'» Mercury of Saturday. 