THE GAWLER ANNUAL RACES. These races took place on Monday. May 25th. The un propitous state of the weather prevented many of the settlers of the neighboring districts from attending; ' During the early part of the day a series of drizzly showers fell, but towards the afternoon, bright, and favorable sunshine prevailed. The attendance was very scanty ; indeed, even at any portion of the day the number on the course could not be estimated at over 250. The majority of the sporting men were from Adelaide.,. Their presence in the betting line was not at all unaceptable to the country folks, who proud of tho production of their own districts, staked largely in favor of their anticipations. : - The course was of an oval shape, rather too much so, and was situated between the Gawler Hallway Station and the hills, opposite Mr. P. Kelly's residence. The mils formed a fine amphitheatre, from which every event was plainly visible. The course, in consequence of the late rains, was extremely muddy ; in some portions the hones had to pass through small lakes of water,' a per- . formance not at all acceptable to those who happened to be in the rear. - . The Stewards were Messrs. S. If. Bagot, Robert flmit.lij and L. Barnard. Judge— Mr. E. M. Bagot. Clerk of the Course— Mr. H. L. Hoe. Hon. Secretary Mr. E. Ii: Grnndy. : The first race was for the H*iden Stakbb.— A sweepstakes of £2 2s. each, with— sovs. added ; one mile ; one event ; for hones that never won public money. Mr. J.Gilbert's Red Lancer (Laudcake) ? 1 Mr. O. Adcocfa Miss Nancy (Jones) ? 2 Mr. Crane's Zeta (Stevens) ... ... ... 3 In starting for this event' some time was spent in effecting a fair start; Miss Kancy and Zeta were ?very troublesome, the mud in the vicinity of the starting point greatly tried the temper of Che horses.. A start having been made Bed Lancer and Miss Nancy went off neck and neck, Zeta waiting close in their rear. In the straight running the two former kept their original positions until within about 200 yards of the winning-pest, when Red Lancer pushed forward and won the race by about a neck. At the conclusion of the event Mr. Adcock offered to bet £100 that Miss Nancy w#uld run Bed Lancer in a fort night. The offer was not however taken up. Town Plate.— A sweepstakes of .£3 3s. each with — eovB. added. Two miles, heats. . Mr. B. Poole, janr.'s Mack, lOst. lib. (B. Foole, junr.) ... ... ? ... 1 1 Mr. Filgate's Badger, lOst. lib. (Prest) ... 2 3 Mr. Fisher's Enfield, Sat. 71b., (Simpson) ... 2 3 Mr. CTPotts'Biaek Bess, 10st.llb.{ Welsh)... 4 4 Enfield's previous performances gamed for him many admirers and backers ; but still the 'bob-tail naer ' w»6 the. favourite of the 'yonng men from the country,' who seemed to have a reverence for the old hoise. The townfolks and knowing oneg were sweet on Enfield, but the 'green ones' rather deceived them. On starting, Mack took the lead and maintained it until passing the winning-post the first time, when he shot ahead and left Enfield 'all behind;' Mack thus continued his career throughout and won easily by many lengths. The second heat was a fac-simile of the first. Th« 'old horse ' had it all his own way, Enfield not having the ghost of a chance. Mack won this heat easily, Simpson punishing' Enfield very severely; ~ Badger second, Enfield third, and Black Bess fourth. Hack Stakes. — A sweepstakes of 10s. -5d. each, with — sovs. added ; one mile heats ; for untrained horse* that never started except for hacks.; Mr. J. Filgate's Sultan {Landcake) ? 1 1 Mr. Knowles* Plying Jenny (EL Shugg) ... 2 2 Mr J. .Harvey's Minna (J. Harvey, Jun.) ... dis. Mr. J- Heed's Xucy (TotKffi) ... ? dis. This race proved to be one of the most exciting and unfortunate throughout the day. Sultan and Minna started with the lead, closely followed by Lucy, Flying Jenny being about two lengths astern of the latter. This position was maintained until the turn coming into the straight running, when bv the bad and swampy state of tbe course, Minna fell broadside, throwing her rider. Xucy, who was but two lengths behind,' ran over Minna and shared the same fate, thus the two focks. were scrambling on top of each other. Before the two unfortunates could recover themselves, Flying Jenny passed them and gave Sultan a smart race home for it. However, the latter being the strongest horse, won by about two lengths. Mr. flarvey, the owner of Minna, entered a protest against Sultan for crossing bis horse. The stewards, after hearing the evidence on both sides, declared that no cross had taken place. For the second heat only Sultan and flying Jenny started. After a smart race, which created no small amount of amusement, the former won the race by some JtmgtKa. At the Conclusion of the Hacks, a Hurry Skurry was got op; catch weights; one mile heats. Entries : — Mr. J. Heed's Lucy Mr. Lowe's Hypona Mr. Moir*s Fanny Mr. Matthews' Crispiana Mr. Sheriff's Wiaard. This race was won easily bv Lucy. Hypona's rider .was thrown in lie first heat and incapacitated from riding in the second heat. - Second Day.— Tctcsdat, Mat 26. Tbe second day of the Qawler Bacss was in every ' respect more favourable than tbe previous day. -The morning opened gloriously, and a beautiful sunshine prevailed throughout the day. The course, consequent on' the mild state of the weather, was much better for jracing purposes than on the first day. The attendanee-of spectators embraced -visitors from aJl portions of the surrounding districts.' Troups of equestrians, amongst whom leigned supreme the iair eex,-added a scene of beauty, business, and importance fo #je occasion that was totally absent on the previous I day's sporting. . There were two troopers on the field, but happily their services were not required. Messrs. Martin, of tbe Foundry Hotel, and Mr. Huckerfield, of the Mill Inn, satisfied the eating and drinking require ments of those assembled. The first race was for the Publicans' Purse, a sweepstakes of £2 10s., with — sovs. added ; two miles ; beats ; Town Plate weights. Mr./Fiflher's Enfield (Simpson) ? 1 1 . Mr. FUgate's Sultan (Prest) ? 2 2 Mr. Saddler's Mark (Owner) ? „. 5 3 Mr. Formby's Warrior (Tothill) ? 3 di Mr. K. Poole's Mack (K. Pools) ? 4 -H Mr. C. Pott's Black Bess (P. Welsh) ? 5 dr A beautiful start was effected, Sultan lead round the first turning, but when opposite the booths he was col lared ly Enfield, tbe rest of the horses being well together.' Incoming into the straight runping Enfield snot ahead and won by about half a length, Warrior third. Mack fourth, and Mark fifth. In the second heat Sultan again took the lead, and maintained it for. some .distance, when Enfield closed upon : him. There was a beautiful race home, both horses running neck and neck. When about a dozen' lengths from the winning post Enfield passed Sultan, and won by about a neck. Ladies Pdbse.— A Sweepstakes of £2 2s. each, with — sovs. added, and a prize Exhibition Whip, presented by W. H. Formby, Esg. ; one mile and a distance ; heats. . Mr. Filgate's Badger, (Prest) ? 4 3 1.1 Mr. Bedford's Lady of the Lake (dead heat) ? ... 2 2 2 Mr. G. Fuller's Bronzewing (Simpson) (dead teat) ? ? 2 4 0 Mr. J. Gilbert's Bed Lancer (Laudcake) 3 4 3 0 This event proved to be one of the most interesting and exciting of tbe meeting. For the first heat Lady of the Lake took tbe lead, closely followed by Red. Lancer, the rest of the horses being close behind. Bronzewing in tbe straight running passed Red Lancer ; whip and spur were applied to each. The running resulted in a dead beat ; Bed Lancer was third, and Badger fourth. In the second heat ' Lady of the Lake and Bronzewing took tbe lead until coming into the straight running, when the former shot ahead and won by about a length. At -the conclusion of the race a protest was handed in by Mr. Simpson against Mr. Radford for striking his horse. After hearing the evidence the Stewards fined Mr. fiadford £1 Is. . For the third he&t; a capital start was effected. After a smartly contested race Badger won, beating Lady of the Lake by a neck. ' The 4th heat was won by Badger, beating the Lady of the Lake by half a neck. Hurdle Race. — A sweepstakes of £2 2s. each, with — sovs. added ; one mile and a half; beats ; over 4 jumps, 4 feet high. Mr. H. L. Roe's Fidget (Robinson) ? 1 Mr. J. Murphy's Black Boy (R. Low) ... 2 Mr. Adeock's Warbibke (Stephens) ? 3 An even start was made, Warbibke took tbe lead, but baulked at the first jump, Fidget also balked, Black Boy took the jump, but hitting the top rails he fell, throwing his rider, Lowe again mounted, but baulked several times in company with Warbibke ; the heat was won easily by Fidget. Thied Day— Wednesday, May 28. ' Tbe weather on the third day of the races was more propitious than *on tbe previous occasion. JNo finer weather could be wished for ; the sun shone brightly, Whilst a mild breeze prevailed tbi'oughout the day. During the day's -proceedings the betting was more vigorous than the previous day. Messrs. Martin, of the Terminus Hotel, and Mr. Buekerfield, of tbe 'Mile Inn, amply provided for the occasion. For the inner man restoratives were pro vided ad libitum. Tie Stewards— Messrs. L. Barnard, E. M. Bagot, and Robert Smith ; the Secretary, Mr.B. L. Grundy : Mr. H. L. Roe, Clerk of the Course ; and Mr P. Kelly fj Treasurer and Starter, filled their various offices to the satisfaction of all present. The first event was the second heat for the Hurdle Race. Mr. H. L. Roe's Fidget (Robinson) ? 1 Mr. Adcock's Warbibke (Stevens) ? 2' Mr. Jas. Murphy's Black Boy ? 3 ATgood start was effected, Fidget took the lead and he'd it throughout, winning in a canter. Black Boy and Warbibke baulked several times. Warbibke second and Black Boy third. . We are glad to state tliat Mr. R. Lowe, who was thrown from Black Boy on Tuesday, was not so seri ously injured as was at first supposed, his ancle was, however, sprained, and it is supposed that it will be some weeks before he recovers. Mr. Lowe manifested great courage on the previous day ; after being thrown and' rendered insensible for some time, he again mounted his -horse, and brought her over each hurdle in gallant style, notwithstanding on reaching the Judge's chair he had to be lifted from his horse. The second race was for the Beaten Stake?.— A sweepstakes of £1 Is. entrance, with — sovs. added ; one mile and a distance ; heats. Mr. A. Saddler's Mark (Owner) ? 1 1 Mr. Radford's Lady of the Lake (Simpson) ... 2 2 In the first heat Mark took tbe lead and held it until the straight running, when Lady of the Lake came up *ud gave him a smart run home for it. Mark, however, won by a head, amidst the cheers of those assembled. The second heat created no small amount of excite ment, the Lady's performance in the Ladies' Purse gaining her many backers. The bets were decidedly in favor of the Lady. A capital start was made. Mark lead until the first turning, when the Lady passed him, and until reaching the straight running was at least twenty lengths, ahead. In coming up the excitement was immense.. Twenty to one was bet in favour of the Lady — Within a dozen lengths of the winning-post Mark made a vigorous effort, passed the Lady, and won by about a length. Pony Race.— A sweepstakes of 10s. 6d. each4 with — sovs. added ; also a whip and spurs, presented by Mr. E. Martin. Mr. Wearing's Miss Sarah ... ? 1 1 Mr. Saddler's Glyde ? ... ... 2 2 Mr. Buckerfield's Smut ... ? 3 3 Mr. Whiteman's Polly Mr. Mills's Boucaut Mr. Star's Kate. Miss Sarah took the lead and maintained it through out, and wpn easily by about four lengths. : The second heat was also won by Miss Sarah, beating the remainder easily. A Hurry Skurry, of 5s. each, with £3 2a. 6-L added. Mr. Harvey's Minna ? 1 1 Mrl C. Potts's Dosey John ? 2 3 Mr. Murphy's Black Bess ? 4 4 Mr. B. Low's Hypona ? 5 2 Mr. Thomas's Swordsman ? 3 5 Minna took the lead iu both.heats, and won easily by several lengths. At the conclusion of the races three cheers were given for the Stewards, the Clerk of the Course (Mr. H. L. Roe), and three more for Mr. P. Kelly and Mr. E. L Grundy, Several foot-races were pot up under the superinten dence of. Mr. E. L. Grundy, who supplied the winners with an ample supply of nuts and sweet things. Daring the meeting the utmost harmony prevailed, and no accidents of a serious character occurred to in terrupt the proceedings, which were conducted to the satisfaction of all present. 'We regret to state that an accident, which had nearly proved fatal, happened on Monday afternoon, shortly before 5 o'clock, to the Eev. James and Mrs. Maughan. They were being driven in Mr. Mar shall's cart, by Ms man, to TSorth. Adelaide, in com pany with Mrs. Smith, and were proceeding at a steady pace down King William-street. When at the junction of Hindley-street a horse rushed madly across from Bundle-street and struck the cart just in front of the wheels, breaking the axle and one of the shafts dean off, and sending one of tbe wheels flying. Mr.Maugban's horse then bolted, but after running half a dozen yards became entangled in the harness and fell, completely capsizing the cart and its occu pants. Tbe ladies were thrown under ilxe cart, but the Rev. Mr. Maughan and the driver jumped out and held down the horse's head, till the cart was righted and .the ladies placed in safety. Had the horse moved or struggled Mrs. Maughan would, in all probability, have been killed. She was assisted into Messrs. Giles, Lazar, & Go.'s shop, and a carriage being procured was taken, with Mrs. Smith, to Mr. Smith's house. Dr. Whittell was immediately called in, and found that Mr. Maughan was seriously injured in the lower part of the spine, but hoped that the injuries Will not prove dangerous, though Mrs. Maughan will probably be laid' up for some days. Most fortunately the other occupants of the cart escaped with a few bruises. The horse' which caused the accident had, it appears, bolted from a boy in Kent Town who was leading him there, and had galloped np the whole length of Bundle-street, defy ing every, attempt to stop him. A correspondent, at Callington, writing of the Bremer mine, says 'I understand considerable improvements have taken place, the lode at the 43 end having been driven across 29 feet, and not yet through. The -lode at the S3 also, holds good, and in 'about three to four months they expect to be under the main branch at this level. The winzes at 33 fathom level are going down well, each yielding fully 8 tons to the fathom, as also at the 23, which is yielding three tons. There are still large reserves of ore ground, as well as the new discoveries, and everything promising welL A new furnace is in course of erection for the purpose of dealing with the increasing returns, and there can not be far short of 120 hands on the mine and smelt* ing-works, besides wood-cutters and carters.' A full rehearsal of the oratorio 'Samson,' by the members of tbe Philharmonic Society, took place on Saturday evening, the 23rd instant. A per formance of this oratorio takes place, as will be seen by an advertisement in another column, on Tuesday evening. The programme will include all the pieces which were given on the last occasion, and the orchestra will be materially augmented by the large harmonium, to preside ait which Mr. C. H. Compton has kindly given his services. The trumpet obligate to ct Let the bright Seraphim,' will be performed by Mr. Chapncan. As some of our readers may be aware, the object of this performance is to clear off the liabilities to which the Society has become subject from Hie unfortunate result of their last concert. The amount required is about £40, and to raise this the Society have combined their efforts ; all . the musical talent has been offered gratis, and the tickets,: as will be seen, have been made as low as possible. We therefore hope that the friends of music in Adelaide will assemble on Tuesday evening, so as to prevent so undesirable a conclusion as the dissolution of the Society, which we are informed will be inevitable should the performance then not clear off the amount due..' . ';,:. .... ,..'.,,'.--. There was no case came before the Adelaide Police Court on Tuesday, ' 