TOPICS OF THE WEEK On Sunday last the several Episcopalian churches in the city offered up a prayer specially pleading for the health of the people — a circumstance that has not occurred for several years. We are informed that the Milang riflemen have written to the Nottingham. Robin Hoods, requesting a return match on or about March 31, 1864. We would Buggest that matches fired in opposite hemi spheres would stand a better chance of being fired under similar circumstances as regards weather, if, instead of a fixed day, a whole month were left open ; gay the return match to be fired in all March. We may then be sure that each Company would select as fine a day as possible. We regret to learn that the Rev. J. Maughan is confined to his bed through serious illness. On Wednesday last he buried his little daughter, and the day being cold and bleak it is thought he then caught a cold. He was unable to preach on Sunday last, and is now recommended to keep exceedingly quiet. The disease has turned to diphtheria, but Dr. Whittell, the reverend gentleman's medical attendant, hopes to be able to report a recovery in the course of a few days. The remains of the late Mr. John Reid, a well-known brewer in the city, and brother of the late Inspector Reid, were buried in the West-terrace Cemetery on Wednesday, November 25. There were two mourning coaohes and. 38 vehicles of different descriptions, besides a large number of pedestrians, including about fifty members of a couple of Oddfellows' Lodges, with whioh the deoeased was conneoted. The Very Eev. the Dean held a service at Trinity Churoh, and also officiated at the grave. The deceased, who had only been ill about a week, died of congestion of the lungs. Before his illnesB he had just commenced extensive alterations to his premises. The. funeral arrangements were carried out with great satisfac tion by Messrs. S. Mayfield and Son. On Wednesday morning, November 25, an elderly man named Burford was struck dead by lightning, whilst employed in haymaking in the vicinity of Prospect Tillage. The electric fluid struck the de ceased on the head, burning a hole through bis hat, and continued along bis right side, completely burn ing his flesh, olothes, and boots. The eiroumstance was reported to the Coroner, but he did not think it necessary to hold an inquest. The body was oonveyed to the Heart in Hand Inn, Lower North-road. The unfortunate man, who leaves a large family of grown np children, was well-known in the neighbourhood's of Enfield and Islington. A meeting of the ratepayers of Kobe Ward was held at the Lord Melbourne Inn, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, November 25. There were about 40 persons present, and Mr. W. Bundey was . voted to the ohair. He explained the importance of a Councillor's position in the Municipal Corporation, and impressed uponthe meeting the necessity of exer cising distrimination in their choice of representatives. In conclusion he claimed for candidates and rate payers a fair and. candid hearing. After . a little by play Mr. Grarlick and Mr. Winter came forward and enunciated the principles they held upon the various matters now agitating the attention of the Munoipal Council. Mr. Clark then proposed, and Mr. Newman seconded, that Mr. Grarlick was the moBt fit and proper person to represent them in the Munioipal Council. Mr. Lister moved an amendment in favor of Mr. Winter, bat it was lost by a majority of 7, 19 voting for Mr. Winter, and 25 for Mr. Grarlick. The meeting then closed. The City Council sat on Monday, November 23, at the Council Chamber, as a Court of Eevision of the Citizens' Lists. The following claims for a place on the roll were granted : — B,obe Ward, 1 ; Grey Ward, 4 ; Hindmarsh Ward, 5 ; and Grawler Ward, 5. At the meeting of the City Council on Monday a nuisance existing near the Morphett-street Bridge was loudly complained of. It was stated that dead animals were allowed to lie there in a putrid state, and that other very noxious substances were deposited there to the annoyance and injury of the residents living near. The Council felt the matter was urgent, and immediately dispatched a stationman to get the nuisance removed. There were some other matters dealt with at the same meeting, for particulars of which we direct our readers to the report. We would direot attention to the Mayor's report of what the Corporation has done during his term of office, as evincing the progress of the colony, and con taining many interesting particulars relative thereto. Mr. Jackson, perfumer, of Bundle- street, has in his possession, for the purpose of stuffing, a bat of the Kalong species, which was caught at Willunga. The body is about 11 inches long, and the wings from tip to tip measure about four feet. The monthly meeting of the West Adelaide Young Men's Temperance Association was held in the United Presbyterian Chapel, Grouger-afcreet, on Monday -evenirjg, November 23. The chair was taken by Thos. Eeyholds, Esq. About 100 persons were present. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Cheetham, Mr. Humby, and the Chairman, on the cause of temperance. The choir rendered several pieces of sacred music. The proceedings closed with the doxology. One of those scenes, so deeply to be regretted by all who value the calm and dignified administration tfi JHltioe, took pit* 'jrt m Supr»W Qourt Oa Saturdayrin the abseHce^^Mr. Justioe BsothbyHis Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne transacted certain business, including an application for Mr. Miohie, of the Melbourne B,ar, to be ad mitted as a practitioner of the Adelaide Court. The question had been decided when Mr. Justice Boothby arrived, and objected to the business of the Court being carried on during bis absence. The Chief Justice said that the Bar was often-put to inconve nience through want of punctuality on tbe part of His Honor, and that the business had been conducted in due form. Mr. Justice Boothby defended himself against the charge of want of punctuality, and pro tested against the whole proceedings, the other learned Judges vindicating .their oourse.of action. The particulars will be found in our report. Saturday being the last day of term, their Honors eat at the Supreme Court to transact business. J. D. de Skelton, a banister of the Inner Temple, was admitted a practitioner of the Supreme Court; and an order was made to admit Mr. Archibald Michie, of Melbourne, out of term, as a practitioner of the Supreme Court. A rule mn tot a new trial was granted in the case of the New Cornwall Mining Company v. Darwent, and a rule nisi was granted for a certzoram to remove the proceedings in the case of Temperley v. Hope from the Local Court of Clara. The only business transacted in the Adelaide Police Court on Saturday was two cases of drunkenness ; each offender was fined 6s. A meeting of the North Adelaide ratepayers was held on Saturday evening, November 21, at the Wel lington. Inn.' Mr. W. Bundey occupied the chair, and there were between 30 and 40 persons present. Mr. D. Grarlick, at the call of the meeting, rose and said, in seeking to enter the MuniciDal Council he had no interest to serve, nor any to oppose. He would give every matter bis due consideration, and vote in that way which in his opinion would best enhance the interests of the city. He emphatically denied that bis object in desiring to be their repre sentative was to oust the slaughterhouses from the city, or to exeroise undue severity upon the oar drivers. He should always advocate for the cleanly and proper management of slaughtering-houses in the metropolis, but he would not propose their ex tinction unless they became an absolute nuisance. With respect to the car-drivers, he had never refused to give them the fare. they asked. He could not, however, support the doing . away of the licences, because if they did the Government would have to issue them, and would thus deprive the Council of that source of revenue. In answer to questions, he said he thought a system of effective drainage was very essential, and he would prefer it to the con struction of a dam if the two alternatives were placed before him. He thought, however, the dam would be very advantageous, and would not operate against the draining of the town. He declined to give an opinion as to whether the architect of the new Town Hall should pay the Clerk of Works out of his own pocket of not, bat said that he would do his utmost to see that the £16,000 was not exceeded by any extras. On the motion of Mr. Wicker, seconded by Mr. May, it was resolved almost unanimously that Mr. Garlick was the most fit and proper person to represent the ratepayers of Robe Ward. Mr. G. T. Thompson, arrested in Melbourne at the instance of the authorities in Adelaide, was to have a remanded hearing at the Sandridge Police Court on the 16th. Our dates only extending to that morning we have not the particulars of tbe examination. He stands charged with feloniously embezzling £400 from Messrs. Harrison & Co., of Adelaide. The Swan Hill correspondent of the Riverine Herald says that this year all the wool below Swan Hill to the Adelaide frontier will go to Melbourne by way of Bchuca. South Australians who are familiar with Ballarat — or rather, those who knew it as it was ia early days — will be surprised to learn that it is now actually pro posed to run a steamboat on the Ballarat Swamp ! The Ballarat Star says that some enterprising gentle men have conceived a plan for a steamer being put on the Wendooree Swamp to carry visitors to and from the Botanic Reserve. An application will be made to the Water Commission for permission to cut a canal through the weeds in the swamp, and putting a steamboat on the water. There has also been some talk of trying the experiment with rowing boats, and it is said that when the water supply is complete the Wendouree Swamp is expected to be a favourite place of resort. On Monday morning, as a mob of cattle were being driven to the Slaughterhouse on the Torrens, over the North-road railway crossing, near the Bowden Station, the Port train came in contact with them, killing one and injuring two or three others. One of the most useful public documents that we have seen for some time past has been circulated amongst the ratepayers of Noarlunga District Council, in compliance with a resolution passed at an annual meeting held in July last. It is aa abstract of receipts and expenditure — first for the whole dis trict, and afterwards for each division of the district. The first two tables — receipts and expenditure for the whole district — are arranged in parallel columns, giving details for seven years, specifying/or each year the amount of rates collected, the Government grant in aid, the Education grant, jetty dues, fees under Dog Act, fines, licenses, &c;, &o.; The ratepayers are thus enabled to see at a glance what revenue has been derived during each and all of the seven years, from each and all of the various sources of income, and the particulars of expenditure are tabulated in the same way. Other tables deal with the four separate divi sions into which the district is divided, so that for these last mentioned tables the amounts collected and the amounts expended in each ward may be equally readily seen. The document is certified correct by Mr. Martin Burgess, the Clerk. Among the passengers to Australia by the Great Britain, we observe the names of Mrs. and the Misses Younghusband, who are returning to this colony. From our telegrams it will be seen that the Victorian Government have offered a reward of £100 for the perpetrators of the murder at Can's plains, particu lars of which were published on Monday. Oar correspondent states that it is supposed the murderers have escaped to South Australia. The annual meeting of the Aborigines Friends Association was held on Tuesday evening at the Freeman-street Chapel, His Honor the Chief Justice in the chair. We publish in another column a full account of the proceedings. The funeral of the late Mr. Hall, formerly Inspeotor of Foot Police, took place on Tuesday evening, the remains being followed to the West-terrace Cemetery by detachments of the. Mounted and Foot Police, including Inspectors Hamilton and Peterswald, Ser geant Sullivan, as also a large number of vehioles. The Rev. A. R. Russell officiated at the grave. On Tuesday afternoon, about S o'clock, a fire broke out in a stable at the rear of some premises in Archer-street, occupied by Mr. Lockwood, upkol sterer. The alarm was given immediately after the fire broke out, and tha North Adelaide Fire Brigade arrived on the spot within a few minutes with the hose reel, whioh was at once got into operation, and the men of the Brigade, with the assistance of tha neighbors and a most abundant supply of water, soon extinguished the flames, the damage being confined to the hay whioh was stored in the stable. The Superintendent of the Fire Brigades, who was on the spot, made every enquiry to ascertain the origin of the fire, but could find no trade of it. A Monday a passenger vehicle, drawn by two horseB, bolted from the 'bus stand, Kensington: several persons were in the cart, but they escaped injury by throwing themselves out of the back part of the cart, whioh was smashed to pieces by coming in contact with a post outside Mr. Greenway'a pre mises. The owner, Mr. W. Northway, had the mis fortune to break bis leg some few weeks ago, and this circumstance has added to bis misfortune. Steps are being taken to raise a subscription on Mr. North way's behalf. The Criminal Sittings commenced at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, before His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynne. W. H. Belcher, and W. H. Oardell were excused for nonattendance as jurors on account of deafness. The indictment against George Eastern was not proceeded with, and the prisoner was dis charged. Frances Bolton and Eliza Hall were found guilty of robbing John Kerslake ; Bolton was sen tenced to two years' and Hall to one year's imprison ment with hard labor. Henry Roberts, found guilty of robbing Thomas Denniss, at Anlaby, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment with hard labor. Otto Dassell, found guilty of stealing five saveloys from Mr. Blinman's shop, was sentenced to one year's imprisonment with hard labor. Elizabeth Forbes, found guilty of stealing some bacon from Mr. Bray's shop, Hindley-street, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. In the Iasolvent Court on Tuesday George Hen wood's case was adjourned for a week. No business was done in S. S. Adams's case. Messrs. Kings borough and Bray were appointed trade assignees in re H. Humby. A police-constable, PurcelL, has been accidentally drowned at Wentworth whilst bathing. The third session of the North Adelaide Young Men's Sooiety was terminated on Tuesday evening November 24. The Society having determined to hold no soiree, thinking suoh entertainments had been overdone lately, merely held an elocution meet ing, open to the members and their friends, of whom there was a large attendance. The President occu pied the chair, and made some exoellent valedictory remarks. Some very good recitations were delivered by the members, and a few criticisms offered upon them, after which the meeting dosed. The Society now musters 73 members, being an increase of about 20 during the session. On Monday evening Mr. Win. Holden delivered a lecture on 'Astronomy' to the inember* and fnendi of fht Norwood Young Jtw'i Auction, Ttm, was a good attendance, and though the lecture wai long, occupying nearly two hours, it was attentively listened to and warmly applauded. The excellent diagrams with which it was illustrated assisted greatly to make the more difficult part of the snbjeot understood, whilst the earnest voice and manner of the lecturer impressed his foots upon the listeners. At the close of the lecture a vote of thanks, moved by Mr. Molineux, and seconded by Mr. Champion, was unanimously agreed to. We have received a needlessly long letter on ' the ~* goose nuisance.' Oar correspondent considers that a goose straying about the streets ia quite as much of a nuisance as a goat, and he does not see why scores of geese should be allowed to go scot free, ' attaok ing children and frightening horses,'— when 'a -j^_ poor goat quietly browsing out of reach and oat of mischief is relentlessly pounced upon.' A meeting of the Glen Osmond Road Metal Com pany was held ou Tuesday, November 24, Mr. A. Hardy in the chair, for the purpose of passing the deed of settlement and electing five Directors to carry on the business of the Company, but owing to the scarcity of attendance it was agreed to postpone the meeting till Monday next at 3 o'clock. There are few objects in Adelaide at present mora worthy of the sympathy and assistance of the public than the fund for the support of the wives and ohildren of those soldiers of the 40th Regiment who have just left for the scene of war in New Zealand ; nor could amateurs have selected a purpose which would be more worthy of public support than an endeavor to assist in augmenting the funds of such a charity. It was therefore very gratifying to see the Theatre so crowded as it was on Monday evening, when an amateur performance took place for the express object of aiding the relief fund to whioh we have referred. The piece selected for performance — and we must first compliment the amateurs for their selection — was the sterling English comedy 'She Stoops to Conquer.' Prior to the rising of tha curtain the following prologue was reoited by Mr. Chaa. Mann : — ' I come to speak the prologue to our play, Bat feel uncommon bashful. I must say. Behind tbe soenes there seemed not much to fear, Bnt everything looks changed when standing her*. What must be, must be, so with due submission, I— ah— that is, I mean, with yonr permission, I tafce the liberty-tbat is, I make so bold, Borne little of our purpose to unfold. To-night we scorn the dagger and tbe bowl, Throw by the buskin, try the comic rile. And we, albeit nnused to tread the stage. Gome boldly forth, for sponting's now the rage. Bnt think not that we come to-night With idle thought, or far our own delight. Oar soldiers went to join a vnliant band, And die or conquer in another land ; Yet blame them not. that as they left our view, Their eyes were wet with many a fond adieu. To every foe resistless in their steel Still they are men, and Nature's olaims they feel. Vainly you give the laurel— valour's meed— If yon unpitytag let their children need ; We ask your aid to dry the mother's tear, v.- The children's want relieve, and both to cheer; ?*{ This done, we hope your kind applause to gain. And fondly trust we shall not hope in vain. Burlesques and Melodramas charm this age. And nature 'a well nig-h banished from the stags. Alas, for publie taste, when we can say, 'Tia all for * Colleen Bavrn' or ' Peep O'Oay* Ever demands some startling new sensation, Till ghosts or murders cap each situation. The stage should elevate as well as please— Both objects can't be gained by plays like these ; Not e'en Mis Goneenbeim could save suoh cases, Bnt see her ' Wofflngton1 in 'Masks and Faces.' That now's a part that must all fanoies catch, As also * Hester Grazebrook' in 'Th* Unequal Hkteh.' In Goldsmith's play, of murders we've not one; If you insist on thrilling soenes, we're done. Bnt should yonr wishes that way tend, I pray You'll * stoop to conquer' them without delay. We'll strive, tho' not the fashion of the day. To please yon with a genuine English play. There's fun in plenty, and we fain would hope That you'll have no great cause to pine or mope. Bnt should our actors fail, yet etill their cause Will win, I'm sure, your generous, free applause Pray don't be niggards in awarding praise— That's music must the lowest spirits raise. Should any one go wrong, reflect he's but a yonnfeer, And show you really like ' She Stoops to Conquer.' ' Tha play then commenced, and from the rising of the ourtain to its fall was a continued and complete success. It was really surprising to see gentlemen so perfectly amateurs go through their parts, not only with ease and spirit, but in a manner which would eclipse the acting of many of the professionals we have had on the Adelaide stage. We confess to being most agreeably surprised, for we had not an idea that the comedy would be so well performed. Whatever little hitches there might have been in the acting here and there were quite forgotten, and were really not worthy of notice in the general excellence of the whole. Miss G-ougenheim as Kate Hardcastle, Mrs. Ray as Mrs. Hardcastle, and Miss E. Wiseman, as Constance, ably sustained the female characters of the piece, and. the spirit and humour they threw into their parts shewed their pecular talents to greater I advantage than usual. At the fall of the curtain there was a general burst of enthusiasm, and the characters appeared en masse, but the audience were far from being satisfied with this, and loudly insisted upon the individual appearances of Tony Lumpkin, Young Marlow, and ffardcastJe. Between the pieces the orchestra, which was composed of Schrader's ^ Band, and that of the First Adelaide Rifles, ~™ played a favourite set of quadrilles, and we may mention that daring the evening a great variety of very pretty music was performed. The afterpiece was the farce entitled 'A Shilling day at the Great Exhi tion,' whioh was in its way as successful as the comedy, and kept the house in a continual burst of laughter. The scene is supposed to be the South Australian department in the Exhibition, and tremendous merri ment was caused by the introduction of a certain well known Commissioner for one of the colonies, who duly exhibited to the Prince of Prussia and his atten dants the peculiar products of the province he ably represented. Altogether the evening passed off most agreeably, and we must compliment and congratulate the amateurs on their unmistakeable success. Of one thing we are sure, that though the evening's per formances are over, the women and children for whose benefit they were intended will long remember with heartfelt gratitude the efforts so kindly and so gene rally made in their behalf. The handsome row of buildings which at present terminate at Mr. Davis' s new shop in Rundle-street, will shortly be continued to the corner of Stephens place, as Mr. Thomas Worsnop, the spirited proprie tor of the Grlobe, has determined upon additions and improvements on an extensive scale to that hotel. The building will be taken up another storey, so as to be almost equal in height to Mr. Davis's shop, and will be continued at the same elevation from the corner northwards, to the spot on which the stables now stand. The present dining-room will be enlarged about ten feet, and on. the first floor will be a room of equal size, suitable for meetings or large parties. We understand that it is intended by a large number of vinegrowers and wine makers to establish a Wine Exchange, to be held about once a fortnight, and such a room as the new one at the Globe will be admirably suited to the purpose. At the back will be a handsome billiard-room 53 feet by 30, to hold two tables. The accommodation of the hotel will now be extended to between 30 and 40 rooms, while the stable and carriage premises at the rear will be inoreased in proportion. Mr. Worsnop intends also to establish a library and reading-room for the use of lodgers, who will doubtless duly appreciate such an excellent addition to their comfort. Mr. Worsnop has placed these works in. the hands of Messrs. Wright & Woods, architects, under whom the alterations are being carried out. We must compli ment the proprietor on the energy he has displayed in this undertaking ; for whilst making such exten sive additions to the accommodation, he intends doing all that the existing structure will enable him to do in the way of adorning the exterior. The builder employed is Mr. C. Farr, of Franklin-street, and his well-known care in carrying out his buildings will be a guarantee of stability. The total cost of the im provements is estimated at about £2,500. In a late despatch from General Cameron to tha Governor of New Zealand we find the following : ? Colonel Murray, whose report is enclosed, returned with his detachment this morning ; and as four men were still misBing when he left Tuakau, I ordered a detachment of 100 men of the 40th regiment, under the command of Major Blyth, to march there this morning and occupy the post during the temporary absence of an equal number of its garrison, who were to proceed in search of the miesing men. The members of the City Council, the Town Clerk, the City Surveyor, Mr. Brown (of English & Brown), and two representatives of the press, dined with Hii Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, on Monday, November 23, at the Clarence Hotel, King William street. After disposing of the very excellent meal laid on the table by. Host Cornock, a few toasts appropriate to the occasion were given and responded to. The healths of the retiring Councillors, Messrs. Rankin, Faulding, and Clark, were proposed, and acknowledged by Messrs. Clark and Rankin, the latter of whom gave in turn the ' Health of the Mayor of Adelaide' in most eulogistic terms, referring in complimentary language to the excellent manner in which the funds of the Corporation had been expended during his administration, and alluding in appreciative remarks to the kindness and oourtesy which he had ever exhibited. THr Wn«l,;n mhin.^ thanks suitably and well. He had striven to do his duty, and if he had succeeded in raising the Council a step in the eyes of the people's respect he should be satisfied. Although leaving the Counoil, he should still do his utmost to advance the interests of the city. The services of Mr. Rankin during a period of four years were highly spoken of, and the industry, perseverance, and satisfactory way in which the Town Clerk, Mr. Hughes, and City Surveyor, Mr. Schroder, had done their duty, led the company to drink a bumper to their healths. Mr. Brown's health was also drunk, as likewise that of Mr. S. Gt- ode,*with a hope that he would be elected Mayor. The toasts of the Press and the Ladies closed the speechifying, which was not stiff or formal, but free and pleasant. During the course of the evening His Worship threw out an excellent suggestion, viz., that they should erect a peal of bells in the tower of the Town Sail to tb* mjmory of tht lflts talented, Prince Coaiort. It might be called the «' Albert Tower,' and. a marble ' slab fixed in. the' front might bear an inscription as to why they dedicated it to him. If a Committee were formed, and a little, energy exercised, he be lieved the necessary; funds would, be quickly sub scribed by the colonists. The idea was generally approved of, and some promises of support were given and mentioned. After spending a really en joyable evening the company separated about v 9 o'clock. Those of our readers who have attended the anni versary services held during the past few months at the Presbyterian churches in Adelaide will remember that the subject of a projected union between the i three great branches of the Church of Scotland — the ^4 Established, the United Presbyterian, and the Free Church — has been referred to and its advisability strongly urged. It has been also shown thatat home this Union movement is in growing favor, and that in this colony, where the great cause of separation — State aid— does not exist, the argument for onion applies with still greater force. At the General Assembly of the Scottish Church lately held in Mel bourne the question was mooted, and we extract the following from the proceedings of the Assembly, as it will be interesting to the members of the Church here, and may promote the desired object in South Australia : — 'The Rev. G. MacMe read the following telegram, which he had received on the previous day from Sydney: — 'The union s agreed to unani mously by all parties conferring.' The meaning of this telegram was that all the various synods had agreed to the union, but not that all the parties of the Presbyterian body had agreed to it. Dr. Lang's party, however, was the only exception. The Rev. D. Macdonald remarked that it must not be supposed that the union was already consummated, but simply . that the synods had agreed to consummate it. The Rev. Dr. Cairns moved that a committee of the Assembly be appointed to promote union with the branches of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria which were still outside the union. He knew that several of the brethren of one of those branches desired to ( join the union, and the mere appointment of a com mittee might tend to bring about that result. At all events, it was a step in the right direction. The motion was unanimously agreed to ; and a committee, consisting of about a dozen ministers and elders, was appointed, three to form a quorum, and the Eev. A. D. gininmont to be the convener.' The Philosophical Society met on Tuesday evenin , November 24, at the South Australian Institute. Mr. J. H. Clark occupied the chair. The attendance was of the average number. The Chairman after a few introductory remarks called on Mr. Wilson, who ? read his paper on ' The Entomology of certain por tions of the Globe,' illustrated by specimens of Coleoptera from the East Indian Archipelago and from Southern Africa (neighborhood -of Zam j besi). The Secretary, Mr. Hosking, reported that X the Council in connection with the Society had re solved to expend £30 on ' Transactions of the Royal Society of London,' and £20 in similar periodical transactions and scientific text books of a standard character. The Council would be glad to receive sugges tions from the members as to thelatter, and recommend that an annual expenditure of a sum of £10 be made by this Society in furtherance of the object contemplated. Mr. H. W. Phillips read an extract from a pamphlet, entitled 'The Friend,' relative to an infestation of locusts, which were very destructive to trees, crops, &c.;, in America. These insects made their visitation every 17th year. He (Mr. Phillips) bad seen many of them in this colony. He also quoted from the Economist an article on the fructify ing of cereals. The Chairman hoped members of the Society would adopt the example of Mr. Phillips in bringing such important matters as he had before the meeting. A vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs. Wilson and Phillips. At a meeting of the shareholders of the Camp bell's Creek Silver-Lead Mine, the following gentle men were added to the Committee of Management : — Mesers. W. Everard, E. B. Lucas, and H. Stodart, and Messrs. Poole and Morris were appointed Audi tors. The report of the Visiting Director to the mine, dated 12th November, is as follows: — 'No. 1 Lode : Two miners are at work sinking a shaft on the lode in the level ; they are down seven feet ; at the present bottom the ground is improving, and they are raising some bright lead ore, combined with the white metal and antimony, samples of whiph I send. No. 2 Lode : Here a good course of ore is going down in the bottom of the drive, about three feet big, containing bright lead mixed with quartz (see samples) ; a pair of men have been set to sink on the ore in this level ; on the floor at the mouth of this drive are two piles of ore, one of carbonate, and one of bright lead ; some of the stones I esti J mate to weigh two hundred weight ; the prospects here I consider most promising. No. 5 Lode : The cross-cut to intersect this, being the McLeod Lode of the Talisker Mine, is progressing favorably, although the first part was through hard ground ; the present measurement is 17 fathoms ; much better ground is ^ now coming in, and the lode might be cut in about * nine fathoms more driving. On the rise of hill on the course of the No. 5 Lode a new shaft has been sunk, exposing in the bottom a strong lode, from which I broke the samples now sent marked B. There is in every respect great encouragement for prosecuting the operations of this lode, which is now. proved to be carrying very strong from the Talisker into this Company's Section, 1557. No. 1 Lode : This shaft now shows a decided change of country ; the first fathom was worth £10, and it is now* coming in worth about SA 10s. per fathom ; the small bright samples marked A, I took from the bottom of the shaft; the true lode will bear, as all the others do, from 10° to 20° east of north. Larger samples next week by the wool drays. Ned's Lode is a new discovery made by Ned Skinner. This is cut on the aide of the gully, where it is very steep, about half way up below the spot where No. 3 was first opened, and is evidently the old No. 2 cut on its N.NJB. course. From the opening made at this spot ore has been raised like samples sent marked C, chiefly carbo nates and phosphates, with some dark colored lead ore. I am much pleased with the appearance of this place, and am of opinion it will prove a continuation of No. 4 Lode.' On Monday, November 23, a meeting of share holders in the West Kanmantoo Mining Venture was held at the Norfolk Arms, Bundle-street. Mr. E. Cooke was voted to the chair, and stated that it was a meeting of the shareholders in the Venture, not in the West Kanmantoo Mining Company, for the purpose of winding up the affairs of the Venture, and declaring a dividend. Mr. Dovell asked for the names of those persons who were shareholders in the Venture. He thought that there should be a dis tinction between the Venture and the Company. He bad paid £35 for an original share in June last, but had not yet received bis scrip. The Secretary (Mr. Austin) said the scrip would be ready in a few days. He explained that 'the afiair started in the first in stance as a Venture, and subsequently into a Alining Company, the list of shareholders being increased. He read the assets and liabilities of the Venture up to the 17th August last— Assets, £846 Is. lid. ; lia bilities, £686 Is. lid., leaving a balance of £160 to be divided amongst 32 shareholders. In reply to a -^ question, Mr. Austin stated that the new Company ?* ) had a balance in hand of £1,032. Captain James had reported that he would raise 100 tons of ore before Christmas. The balance-sheet of the Venture was adopted. Mr. Hume proposed, and Mr. Pace seconded, that a dividend of £5 per share be made. Carried. Mr. Dovell proposed that the balance sheet be printed. This proposition was not seconded. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the business. On Sunday, November 22, funeral sermons were preached in several of the metropolitan placeB of worship, the prevailing epidemic having carried off one or more members of the congregations. The Eev. Silaa.Mead delivered an impressive discourse in im provement of the death of Mr. Joseph Charles Eose, lately and for some time past con nected with the literary staff of the Register, choosing for the basis of his remarks those words from the book of the Prophet Amos ' Prepare to meet thy God, O, Israel.' He referred to a few incidents in the character of the deceased, who, he ?aid, was cut off from life on the verge of man hood—in the midst of health— and when all the bright prospects of the future were opening to his gaze; and proceeded to enforce the lessons which such an event suggested. These were, the rapid flight of time or rather of life — the blessings of siokness, which gave them an opportunity, if neglected previously, of making their peace with God, and which, compared to death, was like the evening twilight preceding the coming darkness ; and the imperative duty there was, if they wished to be accepted by God, for casting aside all barriers to heavenward progress. He concluded by urging all in forcible terms to prepare to meet their God, re marking that if each day— each hour— each week could utter its voice, or if the departed were per mitted to speak from the coffin, their united lan guage would be 'Prepare to meet thy God.' The Eev. J. Jefferis preached upon the same subject in the evening of the same day, and he selected for his text the hitter clause of the fourth verse of the 11th chapter of Hebrews — ' And by it he being dead yet ?peaketh.' After referring to the person of whom these words were spoken, and explaining how he and -^ every righteous man speaketh even after death, he ?aid he should not gratify any morbid curiosity by dissecting the religious experience of the departed, but, he would endeavour to draw such lessons from . the fate which had befallen him whom they were lamenting as would, he trusted, assist them to make due preparation for death before its icy hand was laid upon them. Respecting the deceased he ?aid his companions would easily recall him— a youth of open brow, and of a pleasing but withal, shy and iensitive face, restless eyes— the windows of a restless ?pal;; a mouth no£ firm or compressed -enough to indicate much strength of will, but yet a youth of great promise— a companion to eeteejn, a friend to Jen, HtwM jpfttd ty naturt wW» riiUti* abort the .average. At school he outdistanced most of his competitors, and in the very difficult calling which he pursued as his business for life, he evinced — as his employers told him— -great judgment and discrimina tion. It was no slight praise givento him by those whom he served, that he could- always be relied upon— that if work could be done he won id do it. There was material in him for one of those brave and earnest characters which were the core of the . British race. Relating a few circumstances respecting the de ceased's spiritual condition, which he said gave him more hope than .fear, and more belief than doubt, he proceeded to address bis hearers upon the truths — Life is eminently uncertain, death is infinitely solemn, and : the issues of death are the result of the character of life. There was a crowded congregation, and they listened to the rev. gentleman's solemn and eloquent pleadings with impressive silence. On the same, evening the Rev. J. -Watsford delivered in the Pirie-street Chapel a touching sermon,. to improve the deaths of Mr. J. H. Marshall, and other mem bers of the congregation. A confirmation was held by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in Trinity ? Church, on Sunday morning, when 16 young ladies and 15 youths presented them selves for that rite. The church was crowded. The Very Rev. the Dean read the prayers, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Reid. The Bishop preached a sermon suitable to the occasion. The ceremony was of a highly interesting character* With regard to the Port Adelaide Regatta, adver tised to be held on the 1st January next, we have heard many expressions of regret that the day should be fixed for this popular amusement on the day that the Derby Stakes will be run for on the Thebarton Racecourse. We know it is impossible to alter the 'Derby day,' out we think it would be desirable for the Regatta Committee to consider whether that event could not be conveniently held a few days after the races, so as to allow persons an opportunity of attending both sports. On Tuesday evening, November 24, a lecture was delivered in St. Paul's Church Schoolroom, Port Adelaide, by the Rev. A. R. Russell, in aid of the fund for the completion of that church. The subject of the lecture was 'Humor and Pathos from the Works of Charles Dickens.' The chair was taken by the Sev. C. Marrvat. and there was a large attendance. The lecturer, in. introducing his subject, explained in a few cogent remarks the reasons which had induced him to deliver the lecture, and spoke of the prejudices existing against novel reading, whioh he partially condemned, and spoke of the moral and immoral tendencies of some novels. During the lecture he quoted largely from the Piokwick Papers, and other works of Dickens, which afforded a fund of amuse ment and instruction. The. rev. gentleman was heartily applauded throughout -the lecture. The evening's amusement was varied by several gentle men amateurs, who sang a number of -glees. Votes of thanks to the lecturer, the vocalists, and the chair man were unanimously passed, and the whole con cluded by singing the National Anthem. An eclipse of the moon was announced to take place on Wednesday evening. We presume it did occur, but owing to the heavy clouds which obscured the moon's rising we were unable to observe it. In the Supreme Court on Wednesday Catherine Geoghegan, indicted for stealing money from Pierce Larking, was ordered to be brought up on the last day of the sittings, as the prosecutor did not appear. Thomas Flynn, indicted for stealing £60, the pro perty of Elijah Penn, was discharged, the depo sitions not showing sufficient evidence against him of the theft; and Hugh McDermott, alias McDonald, alias McPherson, indicted for stealing a horse, the property of James Pile, was acquitted. Mr. G. T. Thompson, late draper, of Hindley Btreet, who was lately arrested in Melbourne on a cnarge or emDezziing monies to tne extent or souu, the property of the trustees of his estate, Messrs. Harrison and Willis, was brought before the Adelaide Police Magistrate on Wednesday morning. The case was adjourned until Monday next for further evi dence. We subjoin a list of the Volunteer Companies that have already consented to conform to the new regu lations, and the present number of the corps. We shall add to it from time to time, as the remaining ' companies consent : — Reedbeds Cavalry, Capt. Ferguson ? 28 Adelaide Artillery, Capt. Blackham ? 39 First Adelaide Rifles, Capt. Lower ? 76 Adelaide Rifles, Capt. Clark ? 67 City Rifles, Capt. Shawyer ? 31 No. 1 Brighton Rifles, Capt. NialL ? 28 Glenelg Rifles, Capt. Strangways ? 24 West Adelaide Rifles, Lieut. Mellor, commanding 40 Sturt and Brighton Rifles, Capt. Burton ... 40 GawlerB.ifl.es, Capt. Ogil vie ? 46 Port Adelaide Rifles, Captain Addison ? 29 Port Adelaide Artillery, Captain Quinn ? 23 First Gawler Rifles; Capt. Martin ? 39 Eastern Suburban Rifles, Major Sellar ? 33 Total ? 562 Our Calungton correspondent, with reference to the Bremer Mine, under date 23rd November, says : — 'The report in your journal of the proceedings at the dinner lately given to Mr. Alfred Hallett, Manager of the Bremer Mine, will, without doubt, from the statistics then submitted, give the share holders in that mine great confidence, as setting forth from its continued improvement the prospect of it soon becoming a dividend paying mine. The quantity of ore dressed and sampled during the month is 260 tons, and 72 tons of regolus from the smelting works. These works, together with the dressing machinery, are working weU. The lode in the 53 end south (Engine Shaft) is up to the big bunch. This level is returning about eight to ten tons of ore to the fathom, of better quality than in the level above. The width of the big bunch is not yet ascertained. The slide in the 50 end north keeps the ground in this level in a very disordered state; but the lode is improving. The lode holds good in the 43 south end, and is giving about four tons to the fathom. This level is getting close up to Lean's Shaft. The lode in this shaft going down to the 43 is small, but the ore is of good quality. The Engine Shaft is going down very slowly, the water coming from the 53 south being the drawback. This will soon be remedied by fixing a cistern in this level. The Btopes are looking well, and will yield large quantities of ore.' The captain of the Campbell's Creek Silver Lead Mining Company, under date 23rd November, thus reports:— 'No. 1 Lode— The men are nearly down their stint* and the lode is improving. I advise to sink ooe fathom more at present price. No. 2 Lode, Cockin's Shaft — The lode is looking splendid, and carrying down welL I have let the men two more fathoms at same price — £4 per. fathom. There is a pretty pile of ore on the floors at this lode. No. 5 — The cross-cut is progressing favourably. Ned's Lode — I hope I shall receive instructions to drive the cross-cut to intersect this lode, as the distance is short, and I believe when cut it will pay all cost in continuing the drive to cut all the lodes in this spur I have spoken of.' The half-yearly meeting of the Wheal Alfred Mining Company was held on Tuesday, November 24, at the Masonic HaD, King William-street. Mr. George White having been voted to the chair, Secretary (Mr. C. White) read the report, descrip tive of the operations that have been carried on during the last six months. It expressed that the Directors still had great confidence in the mine. The receipts were £1,237 8s. 6dL, against £1,479 18s. 7d. expended. To meet the deficiency and sink the shaft it was recommended that a call of Is. per share should be made. The report having been adopted, the fol lowing Directors were appointed :— Messrs. G. White, R. .Stuekey, S. Blue, and J. F. Ross ; Mr. C. White being elected Secretary. Thanks having been accorded to Mr. G. White for the gratuitous use of an office and furniture, and to the Secretary, the meeting was closed. We have received .copy of report of the Royal In surance Company, from which, it will be seen that the Institution is in a flourishing condition. The Company has been established 18 years, and the report compares the last nine with the first nine years of its history. At its ninth year its fire pre miums were about £112,000 ; at its eighteenth year they are more than: double that sum. The life pre miums were then £22,000, now they are nearly five fold that amount. The amount paid for purchase of annuities now is eight times the amount received for the same purpose in the ninth year. With regard to the fire branch of the Company's operations, not withstanding the depression in the commencing months of the past year, the Directors have at the cIobb to announce, for the first time, that the fire premiums exceed £300,000. The profit of the busi ness of the year exceeds considerably the amount realised in the preceding year, and surpasses that of any previous year with but two exceptions. In the life branch the report shows that the sum assured on new policies for the year 1862 exceeds even that of the very favorable year 1861 by £180,000 ; the total for 1862 being £701,427 on 1,498 new policies issued. Reference is made to the Foreign and British branches and agencies, and a very flattering account is given both of the extent of business transacted and its generally profitable nature. The report shows most conclusively the established reputation of the Company and the great extent of its business. Our readers will recollect that some time ago information was received here that Messrs. J. McEwan & Co., of Melbourne, had been fined for shipping gunpowder for the use of the Maories, and that it was subsequently stated to be owing to some mistake .of a clerk in the merchants' office. As it is as well to bear the other side of the story we subjoin Messrs. McEwan's explanation, which appears in the New Zealander of the 10th nit. in a letter to a cor respondent::— ^ We note your remarks about our getting into trouble by shipping powder to Punedjo. It i#woadwfu]i how qtuutititf g#t mijpifisd, Yfti saw the South Australian Register, where we were stated to have shipped 30,000 lbs., supposed for the Maories. The real facts occurred very simply. Mr. Shadrech Jones of Dunedia, a very old customer of ours, bought some goods for his private use in our retail department. Amongst other things he bought a mangle, dish covers, 20 lbs. diamond gunpowder, and 5m. caps. The young man packed all his goods in one case and shipped them to his order per the Omeo. Mr. Jones on arrival at Dunedin pre sented his invoice to pay the duty, when the Customs authorities at once saw the powder charged, and as he had no permit they seized it. The result was Mr. Jones loBt his goods and got fined £5, We are glad to see the Customs authorities are doing all in their power to prevent ammunition foiling into the hands of the Maories.' A new rifle club has been formed in Adelaide under the presidency of R. B. Smith, Esq. j Mr. F. RymOl, Secretary. This club is started on a dif ferent principle from that of the old olub. inasmuch as there will be no monthly picnics, and the annual subscription will be lower. In effect it will, there fore, be less exclusive, the object being to establish a good club for .rifle practice, apart from the costly and somewhat formidable arrangements of the first Ade laide Club. We have not yet examined the rules, but we believe they are in the main not dissimilar from those of the other club, some of whose recent members, we are informed, are not unlikely to join the new fraternity. A few gentlemen have been in communication with the leading cricketers of Melbourne to know the terms upon which the All England Cricketers will be allowed to visit this colony. They have just received a reply from Mr. George Marshall, a well-known cricketer of Victoria, and the gentleman who bean the risk of the speculation. His letter was published in the Register of Saturday ; but we presume the recipients neglected to order a copy to be sent to this office, as none reached us. It is, however, perfectly certain that if the project is to be carried out it will require the united advocacy of the press as well as general public support, and in this view of the matter we reprint the most salient portions of Mr. Mar shall's letter. The offer submitted to the Adelaide cricketers by Mr. Marshall is as follows :—' The cricketers shall visit Adelaide mA nl«v a *nw» m four days' match for the sum of £2,000 ; one half to be paid into any Bank in Melbourne I may nominate seven days before they leave here for Adelaide, and the other half to be paid to my credit in any Bank in Adelaide, to be drawn by me at any time after the last day of the match : snoh deposit to be notified to me by the Manager of the Bank before the crioketers leave Melbourne. The £1,000 lodged in Melbourne not to be payable until the vessel conveying them has left Melbourne. In addition to this I should expect you to provide first- class passages to and from Ade laide by steamer, and to board and lodge the team (13 in number) whilst in Adelaide.' Thinking that this offer unaocompamed by any explanation would surprise our colony he adds: — 'I may mention for your guidance that at the first match in Melbourne, played by the last English Eleven, sufficient money was taken to defray the whole of the expenses of the team to and from England and during their stay in the colonies. The sites for booths alone realized over £1,300 (as you may see by the newspapers at the time). The attendance of the public on the ground and grand stand, to both of which an admission fee of 2s. 6d. was charged, was enormous, and a corres ponding amount of success was achieved in New South Wales and the othen places at which they played. I have already concluded an engagement with Mr. Shadraok Jones, of Dunedin, New Zealand, who is to pay me £3,500 and all expenses for the cricketers to go there ; and I may suggest that the policy he is pursuing might be advantageously fol lowed by you. He represents to his fellow-colonists the many advantages to be derived from having such an extraordinary attraction as the above in making the colony well known and talked of in England, and appeals to them to subscribe towards the object. He has names down on his list to the amount of £1,500, including grants from the Government and Corpora tion in support of the venture. This course, I sub mit, would be proportionately successful in Adelaide aB in Dunedin ; and as the last team did not visit your part, the novelty of the occasion will be sufficient to ensure its success independently of subscriptions. You would be able to get the ground closely fenced in with wood or iron, the contractor taking back the materials after the match for a very small sum ; you could make arrangements with the steamboat owners to carry them at a considerable reduction on the ordinary fare, and many hotelkeepers will be glad to board and lodge them for a mere nominal sum in consideration of the attraction they will be to the house.' Concerning the team themselves he speaks in the following high terms : — w With regard to the players themselves, they beyond a doubt constitute the finest team ever got together in the world. The county of Surrey will be represented by Lockyer, Caffyn, Julius Caesar, and Mortlock or H.'H. Ste phenson : Nottingham sends G. Parr, Jackson, and R. C. Tinleyj Cambridge, Carpenter, Hay ward, and Tarrant; and Yorkshire, G. Anderson. In addition to the above the team will include the name of E. M. Grace, Esq., whose extraordinary batting has made bis name renowned throughout the world, and who had up to September 1 made 2,581 runs during the season.' These then are the conditions on which the Eleven will be able to visit Adelaide, and this only in the event of there being time. Com pared with vhe treaty concluded with New Zealand they are very favorable, but the matter will need to be very warmly taken up in order to a successful issue. We are not aware what steps the parties who originated the correspondence intend taking ; but we presume they will call a meeting to consider the sub ect thoroughly. A cricket match between the College and Young Union Club was played on the North Park Lands on Saturday afternoon, the 21st instant. The weather during the first part of the game was very windy and dusty, but later in the afternoon it became milder. Play was commenced shortly after half-past 2 o'clock by the Young Unions taking the wickets. They were disposed of for the small score of 43 ; their opponents going in ran up a score of 109. The Young Union in their second innings only scored 40, being a total of 83 in the two innings ; thus it will be seen that the Collegians were the winners in one innings by 26 runs. Subjoined is the score : — COLLEGE CLUB. First Innings. E. Dntton, b. Cowie ? » .» 9 C. Short, b. Giles ~ ? ... g W. A. S. Bine, b. Cowie „ ? 22 F. Avers, o. Giles, b. Cowie ... ? 7 B. Addison, b. Cowie ? 4 J.Coltou.b. Giles ? _ ? s T. Horn, b.W. S.Samson ... ... ? u G-. Crase, b. Giles «. ? 24 . H. Downer, b. Cowie — ? 7 S. Way, not out ? 0 — Simpson, o.M. Jacobs, b. Giles.- .„ ... 3 Byes ? ? 12 Wides ? „. .' ... 1 Total... .„ ? Sv£ YOUNGTWIOBr CLUB. First Innings. Second Innings. I.Cowie, c. Blue, b. Addison... 2 b. Blue... ... ... s B. Bosnian, b. Addison — 3 c. Cotton, b. Addison 12 ST. Jacobs, b. Bine « ... 1 c. Colton, b. Btae ... 2 ). Solomon, b. Blue ? 0 b. Bine ... ... 0 W. S. Samson, s. Blue ? 8 b. Addison .- ... 1 r. Ebsworth, b. Blue ... ._ 3 A.Giles,cWay,b.Blu9 4 M. Jacobs,*. Blue ... ... 9 b. Blue ... ... 1 T. Bee, b. Blue ? 0 c. Dutton, b. Blue ... 2 E. Samson, b. Blue ? 0 b. Blue ? 0 Bagot, b. Blue ... ._ ... 11 b. Blue ... „. 5 T. Bo wen, not out ? 0 not oat — ... 2 Byes - ? e Byes ... ... 3 43 40 Grand total ? «3 Messrs. E. Ashwin, for the Young Union, andB. Taylor, for the College, acted as umpires. By our latest English files we perceive that the great universities are quite in a ferment with regard to an extraordinary case of plagiarism, somewhat discreditable to Cambridge. At that University the Camden Medal — a distinction highly valued ? is annually given for the beat Latin poem, and this year it was awarded to a Trinity student, Mr. F. W. Myers, for his poem on the pacification of India. Since its publication the discovery has been made that a very large proportion of the poem is pillaged from prize Oxford poems, numerous passages, varying from two to. seven or eight lines each, being coolly appropriated verbatim el liberatim, except that Mr. Myers has sometimes used the letter « where the Oxford men used v. Mr. Myers certainly appears to have been as indefatigable as unprincipled in his plagiarisms, the poems that he has robbed to enrich his own having been published at various intervals spreading over the hist half century. The Examiners at Cambridge had no suspicion of the patchwork composition whioh they dignified with their praise and the Camden Medal ; but Oxford has been put on the gui vive, and both Universities are very curious to know what steps will be taken by the authorities in connection with the most daring and unblushing piece of literary larceny ever perpetrated under similar circumstances. Jeahes Ybilowplush in thb Colonies. — We read in a July letter from Adelaide — 'There has been a good deal of mirth caused by an order emanat ing from the Governor that the civil service uniform should be adopted by the Ministry, the heads of departments, and certain subordinates, when they appear, at Government-house. Some of these gentle men are highly delighted with the thought of appear ing in all the splendour of gold lace and embroidery ; others cry out loudly at being put to the expense of £50 or more for a suit of clothes to be worn only once or twice-a year ; and some have resolved rather to forego the honor of entrSe to the vioe-regal resi dence than incur the expense. — Daily News. Madeline Smith, — It is stated that the notorious- Madeline Smith, who was tried some years since at Glasgow for poisoning her lover, arrived »t Sriibant a abort tip* wua by uui ship Sand*, 