COLENSO ON THE PENTATEUCH. — REPLY TO BY THE REV. ALEX. MORISON. A series of interesting lectures, in reply to Bishop Colenso's work on the Pentateuch, has been recently delivered by the Rev. Alexander Morison, an abstract of which wo furnish our readers. Tho first of these dealt with ' Historical Criticism applied to the Pontateuch.' The primary fact of the sacred writings was, that secular historians gave only tho human sido of history (as Macaulay for instance), whereas the sacred historian presented ' tlio King eternal, immortal, invisible,' in his action and con trol of tho affairs of men. To do so, involves inspiration in the sacred writers, and unless we aro I.,,,,,,.,, ,.f xl.nnon it,n « nl.-im wl nil rrn U,o truth of those writers who give ns, not a one-sided or merely human side of history, but the completo history, including divine and human. Butpassing overthis claim, we approach the Books of Moses on the purely critical side — then followed a rapid sketch of the rise of historical criticism, and its application to the Bible. As Judaism and Christianity, being essentially one, are strictly his torical religions, they have nothing to fear, but everything to hope, from a fair application of this test of their truth. The text, John 7, 19, 'Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepoth tho law,' was discussed ; the testimony of Christ being in accordance with the universal Jewish testimony, that tho ' written law' or fivo books of Moses, wero the writing of tho Great Prophet. The various literary questions and objections to the Mosaic origin were discussed and answered, that the history of the people was inseparably mixed with the origin of their legislation and institutions. The hopeless disagreement of all those who have challenged tho Mosaic origin, as to when it could have been written, also being in favor of the very question they dispute, and the incredible notion that a whole people should accept a forgery palmed upon them, as these critics suppose, would be a greater miracle than anything recorded in the Pentateuch. But says Colenso, Christ spoko of the law in sub mission to the prejudices of the nation, i. e., he gave currency to a lie knowing it to be a lie, or his intel ligence on the other hand must have been as low or lower than that of tlie rest of his countrymen. Against this, the prcacher shewed that the whole lifo, action and teaching of Christ was a succession of do liberate violations of tlioso very prejudices to which the Bishop alleges he succumbed ; that he was mur dered because of opposing himself to the false con ceptions of the Jews, and because of vindicating tint very law of which they boasted, and none of them kept — or, talcing the intelligence of Christ to be about equal to tho ordinary run of that of the Jowish mind in his day ; had they not intercourse with all the civilization of the age ? and its literature was not unknown. Christ's information, therefore, on this low view of it, was sufficient to enable him to deter mine whether Moses was or not the author of the Pentateuch. But if the Bishop believes that Christ is Divine, the babbling that would make him consent and give currency to a lio, can only bo accounted for as a blasphemy caused by mental fatuity. The highest law of historical criticism is, that the statements of a contemporary and actor in the events narrated is of the highest credibility, if in other res pects the man is of moral worth. This was applied to the Mosaic production from Exodus to Deuter onomy. 2\. But the events of tlie Book of Genesis was an tecedent to tho lifo of Moses. Tho grounds for historical confidence in the compiler of the history were argued. 3\. The external testimony of chief value were the records of Egypt and Babylon, which, from their intimate connection with the Hebrews, as well ns being tho earliest sents of civilisation, are tho best to be called in as witnesses. The discovery and deciphering of the monuments of Assyria and Egypt, giving an authentication to tlio historians of these countries, enable us to compare both with Moses. Borosus and Manetlio arose about tho period of tho infusion of Grecian civilisation into both these coun tries. In both these writers tlio extravagant chrono logies of gods, demigods, and heroes may be passed by, till wo come to the points of comparison in regard to man. According to' the Babylonian account, there is a singular coincidence in regard to the process and period of creation, tho number of generations till tlie deluge, tho general facts of tho deluge itself. The times after the flood offer point of di vergence, but tho narrative of tho confusion of tongues is in striking accordance with Moses. 2\. The sacred narrative is less general at this point, but sots forth in an admirable sketch tho distribution of the nations in a form that be comes every year more confirmed as discoveries progreis. 3\. In the subsequent portion of Genesis thero aro only two public events to which contemporaneous history gives authenticity. Tho expedition of Clio tlorlaomer, recovered from tho Babylonian monu ments, and the exodus of the Jews in Manotho's narrative, is such as we might anticipate from an Egyptian ?writer. 4\. The testimony of geology, so far as it has progressed, can be taken as confirmatory of the epochs of creation and the recent formation of man. 5\. Comparatfve philology approximates its dis coveries to a primitive language. G. Ethnology and geography of Moses is con stantly receiving confirmation from modern dis covery. Men who, in defiance of all these evidences, will not believe Moses, could not be persuaded though ono rose from the dead. Tho third discourse was on Joshua, on text 4, 14, relating to the miraculous confirmation of Joshua's authority as leader of the people. After noticing the small amount of criticism by tho Bishop, and his sneer at Archdeacon Pratt, the authenticity of tlie book was established, and the objections severally met that have been taken from somo of its peculiar phrases. 2\. The contemporary testimony was next adduced, which, it was shown from tho monumental and literary remains of Egypt and Assyria, could not he expected to any great extent. The testimony of tho Egyptian priests to Herodotus, and tho Chinese annals in relation to an extraordinary lengthening of tho day at about this timo, was quoted without being pressed into Bervico. As also the threefold testimony of tho Armenians, Moses, of Procipius, and of Guidas, that two pillars set up in Africa by the fleeing Canaanites testified that they fled before the face of Joshua the son of Nun, the robber. But the ground of tlio miraculous was that on which the truth of this book really was challenged. Mr Morison then argued the possibility and proba bility of miracles on independent grounds, and showed conclusively that there was conceded to man what, by tho infidel school was denied to God, namely, the power of actually contravening and controlling and subordinating the laws of naturo in its esta blished course to serve man'B own purposes. Ho ilso showed that thero wero occasions which de manded a divine miraculous intervention to authorise teachers and leaders ' sent by God.' 3\. The special miracles of Joshua wero then con sidered, with regard to sun and moon standing still. I. Let us suppose that the literal meaning of this passage is such as the Bishop states. Then all tho lire destructive consequences, arising out of the multiform operation of the law of gravitation, would iccur as ho sets them forth. But can we not con ceive that the power which arrested the earth was equal also to any extent of miraculous intervention in all other directions to prevent such conscquences : that, from His infinite grasp of all the ministries of nature, Ho could accomplish the fact alleged without any of tho supposed consequences. He, surely, that can do one miracle, can do a million in tho same operation and moment. If tho event is attested as having occurred as an historical fact, we may attempt to account for it by secondary means, yet there it will stand as a signal instance of Divine power and working. II. But another question occurs, is tho event nar rated given as historical, or is it a poetical exhibition of an unwonted event in these wars ? The his torian is accountable only for the statoinent of the hail storm ; and then, as doubtless from this fact, thero must havo been somo extraordinary atmos pheric phenomena occasioning it, he quotes a passage relating to the transaction from a hook of poems, the 'Book of Jasher,' a compilation of many ages. The quotation extends from 12 verso, x chap., to 1G. ' Stand still ' is not tho true rendering of the word — but it refers to retarded motion, signifying wait or delay. No sudden arrest of the earth's motion is here, for as Galileo said, ' tho earth moveB still ; ' and though tho sun appeared not to haste to go down, still thero was motion toward the setting place. Joshua, in the inspiration of tho moment, asked of God that neither buu nor moon should set till he had taken vengeance of tho enemy, and before tho setting tho work was com pleted. That there was divine intervention is mani fest, even if we omit the quotation bom the Book of , ?Jasher 12, 16, as the procediug aud fol lowing verses fall natnrally iuto the regular history, m which the hail storm and tho iUiuo sphcric phenomena still pertain to tho miraculous Such forms of description and adjuration aro used in the P-jalms and prophecies, as Isaiah 14 1 ? * Psalm 18, 7, 17, Judges 5, 20, whero a literal sense is never thought to be demanded. III. Bishop Colenso accuses such explanations as this to bo a thorough piece of ncologianisin. But ob serve, tho statements of the narrative do not require any other. Besides, let it bo remembered, that a miracle such as this, sole of its kind, would not 1-© unnoticed by tho othor Old and New Testament writers ; yet there is not a passago which can bo fairly considered as even alluding to it ; and hence it is manifest that in the view of the inspired writers it was not regarded as a literal fact. For the passage in Habbakuk 3, 2, signifies not that tho sun and moon stood still, but that thoy entered their habitation causing darkness, instead of continuing li«*ht. Another supposed referonco is 28 Isaiah,' 21, 'but this passage is based upon 2 Samuel 5, 20—25.' and 1 Chronicles 14, 16. IV. Tho passage of tho Jordan, and the fall of Jericho, stand in a different relation. Hero are no quotations, but literal facts. These events liap. pened at the direction, and by tho power of GtxL We have only to compare these narratives with this 10th chapter to see the different bases on which tlicj stand. V. .The extermination of the Canaanites is held by tlie opponents of the authenticity of tlio book to bo so revolting to man and to God tljat on this, ground it is rejected : — 1\. Is there, then, a God who has to do with tlio affaii-B of men ? If thero is, He has a right to put down one and to set up another, and if His mereita and blessings are abused, He has a right to tako away and destroy by whatever agencies he pleases. The iniquities of tho Amorites were full— the laud spewed them out— demanded vengeance— it is executed by Israel, who aro unworthy of tho gift of Canaan bestowed ou them, and in their turn also cast out. 2\. Do not physical nnd moral causes lio in proximity with each other. If we take tlie earth quake' of Lisbon, tho famine of Ireland, or any national desolation, do they not practically como to tho same end of vengeance, and tho same God executing it? 3\. What is God saying in America now ? 'Let my people go, and if thou -wilt not let my people go, I will smite thee with my plagues.' Yet they hold fiercely ill their clutches ' God's imago in ebony,' and will not let them go till God makes them's desolation ; and England, a participator in her crime, is suffering desolation, too — where is the essential difference of God's dealing in tlie case of the Canaanites and of the Americans ? II. But this hook is full of divine instruction and consolation in its typical relation to the Church of God. As Joshua is himself a typo of the captain of salvation, and the rest of Canaan of the higher rest that remaineth for the people of God. May \ro imbibe its instruction, rest upon the God it io- veils in action, and find our lot amidst the thousands of tho spiritual Israel. Last Sabbath's discourse was on tho subject of Inspiration, founded on Isai. 8, 19, 20, and Jcim 10, 34, 35. After fairly slating the Bishop's posi tion in reference to this subject, amidst all his con tradictions and absurdities, to bo that all men have internal light — that somo men, Pagans, Jews, nnd Christians, &c.;, have received in writteu form lh& working of that light on their ininds — and that all such records aro of equal validity as revelations, from God — tho preacher showed that this removed revelation, in the true sense of the term, com pletely out of existence, Tho general question ma then arguod. I. Is revelation conceivable ? That is not whe ther men have reason and conscience — the internal light — but is thero an authoritative declaration of God's mind and will, by his own revelation, to which our mind and conscience must bow ? Its possibility, probability, and its felt necessity by Greek and Roman sages were then set forth. II. How does it come ? By inspiration of diTino spirit. But other claimants are in tho field ; other inspired systems as alleged, 1 Our Bible is in analogy with the constitution and coarse oi nature. — See Bishop Butlers Analogy. 2 Our Bible is mixed with the world's history — beginning with ' God mado tlio heaven and tho earth.' It reaches down through all timo till the period of tho new heaven and the new earth. 3\. Thore is the evidence of prophecy, and 4, the divine authentication of miracles. | Now none of the other professed revelations havo all or any of these credentials. III. Then followed an inquiry into the theories of inspiration. The mechanical or verbal theory which Mr Morison does not hold, as some Jews and Chris tians do. The ' internal light' theory of the broad church, unitarian, quaker, Swedenborgians, and a vast number of others, was shown to he subverai»» of all idea of an uuthoritative, rational, plain sens* dictum of God, such its tho Bible is. Tho Scriptures as of plenary inspiration, so as to account for the peculiarities of the style of the several writers, and yet that they should bo tho words which not manT» wisdom or will taught, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, was amply discussed, and the blunders al leged by Colenso and others aro within the com pass of a rational explanation, unless men have an interest in not finding tlie truth. The subject of the numerical blunders of Colenso is still to follow in this course of lectures. Captain Morgan, the Confederate Gukwlla Leader. — Morgan, as a citizen in times of peace, maintained tlie reputation of a generous, gonial, jolly, horso-loving, and horse-racing ICentuckian. Ho went into the rebellion con amore, and pnn-ac3 it with high enjoyment. He is about thirty-five years of ago, six feet in height, well made for strength and agility, and is porfectly master of himself ; has a light complexion, sandy hail-, and generally wears a moustache, and a littlo heard on his chin. His eyes are keen, bluish grey in color, and when ut rest, have a sleepy look ; but he sees every one and everything around him, although apparently unobservant. Ho is an excellent horseman, and a good shot. As a leader of a battalion of cavalry, he has no superior in the rebel ranis. His command of his men is supreme. While they admire his generosity and manliness, sharing with him all tho hardships of tho field, tlioy fear his more than Napoleonic severity for any departure from enjoined duty. His men narrate of him this — tlist upon ono occasion, when engaging in a battle, lis directed one of his troopers to perform a hazardous mission in tho faco of the enemy. The man did not move. Morgan asked in few quick words, ' Do yoa understand my orders?' 'Yes, captain, bat I cannot obey.' ' Thon, good-bye,' said Morgan, and in a moment tho cavalryman fell dend from his snddle. Turning to his man, he added, ' Such is tho fato of every man disobeying orders in the face of tlie enemy.' No man ever hesitated after that to obey any command. But Morgan is not without generosity to a foe. A Federal cavalryman related to mo Bince my escape, an unusual act for an enemy. Losing tlie command of liis wounded horse, which, goaded by pain, plunged wildly on, he was borne into tho midst of Morgan's force. ' Don't shoot him,' cried Morgan to a dozon of hia men who raised their pistols. ' Give liim a clianc# for his life.' Tho pistols woro lowered, and lis man sent back to his own lines unharmed. — Thir- teen Months itt the Rebel Army ; by an Impressti New Yorker. Intelligence of a Lroa. — A correspondent oi uii- West Sussex Gazette writes : Crossing a bridge over the railway at Pittlewortli the other day, shortly after tho passing of the first down tram, 1 saw a newspaper lying between the metals, and ran down to pick it up. Finding it without inscription of any kind, and being a stranger to the mannera and customs of tho neighborhood, I considered it of course a lawful Tprizo, and carried it off, not a little pleased at having a Morning Star to beguile soma tedious hours of a dismal wet day. Very shortly afterwards I met a somewhat handsome dog, trotting cheerfully toward.? the line. On sjoiug me, with tlo paper still in my baud, he came to a full stop, ana then advanced with tho evident wish to cultivate my acquaintance, a pleasure 1 was quite willing to dispense with. Had I pos sessed only a small portion of his intelligence, 1 might perhaps have understood the language of ub very expressive eye, but being for a special reason not partial to dogs, I bade him first quietly to 'go home,' nnd then told him harshly to 'be off,' with equal non-effect. He only moved from the front to tho rear, a position from which I vainly attempted to dislodge him, following me through the village to tho very gate of my temporary home, where to speak truth, I was by no means sorry to shut mm out. Poor fellow, 'I did him great injustice. Af«« words within doors explained the secret of thowholo affair. The paper was dropped every momijg of the first train for a gentleman in the vicinity, a™ tho dog was sent to bring it homo.' On that spocixl morning he was a minute too late, : - I 