PEOGBESS OP THE AMLEMCAN WAR. (Front our Washington Special., Sinoe my last despatch a series of " accidonts" has occurred, to tho great depression of tho North, and the elevation of tho South, Tho "grand army" of tho l'otomno has litorally " gdno to pot," and with it our sanguino hopos of looking up our quarters in tho com fortablo city of Iticlimond. Tho army of tho 'l'eda. c-Qnsisting of 100,000 splendid spcoiinens of military mortality, commanded by " Fighting Joo Ilookor," mot that of tho Coufods. uudor lee, anti on tho 3rd of May, "issuo was joined," v\ lion after two donperuto ,: rounds," involving the loss of 20,000, Hooker was obliged to "hook it," an oxcollont oxnmplo-tliat was promptly followed by his own mon, who " throw down- tlici'r arms," and took to thak legs-a military maucouvru Unit was oxeouted with a spirit that proves what indomitable courage the "first law of naluro" can impnrt to mortal huolt). The victory, however oust the South one of their best generals, Stonewall Jackson, a ternilla mau foi action, who roocived a wound in the arm, rendering am- putation necessary. Jackson, M bo was gcnorully re- garded as Hie "Cromwoll of the South"-being u eurioiu compound of ferocity und ftinntocisin, was tho only mai on oilliei- eldo really worthy of tho title of "Uonoral." " Fighting Joo," nlthough he has vrreoked n noble army on u Ice shore, stoutly inaiiiluins that ho has no1 b.'Oii.defeated, but that Hie whola ali'iu- waa simply a rûxe~bt his own for "slratugoiio reasons." Nobody, how ovor, believes this "yarn," » liioh is politely pronounced to hu "a boastful undarrommt lie." No other operations of particular moment nure taken place ¡ the b'edoml Government being completely "stunned" by the severity of the blow. Tho '* war" is now become thoroughly unpopular with all classes, so much so indeed tliat seve- ral regiments whoso torm of service has expired, leaving thom only a vory modified kind of " glory" as compen- sation, havo flatly refused to renew their ongngoments, and so the Qovermnont inlondj vigorously enforcing that vory " popular" inodo of recruiting their wasted ranks the conscription. Au " armistice" is openly spoken of and recommoiidod, and will, I have no doubt, be shortly conoludod, assortions au contraire notwithstanding. Another attompt to raise a Federal .Loan in London bus failed-British capitalists, who aro naturally capital j mijos," not fancying tho security of Abraham's "grpen backs," having buttoned up their pockets with u fixed determination not to advance tho "ghost of a cent." Captain Soiumos of Alabama faino has beon amusing himself by making bonfires of a braco of British, vessels and their cargoes, so that unless timoly reparation bu modo, " old Uooawax" will stand a decent chance of being "molted" ia the fire of English indignation. Matters oro rapidly reaching a climax, and depend upon it a solution of tho " difllculty" that lias deluged America with the blood of hor people, and spread universal ruin, is not so far distant as many affect to bcliovo. 