FATAL AFFRAY WITH THE BLACKS IN THE NORTH. (From the S. A. Register, December 10.) THE natives in the north are again proving trouble- some to the settlers They have made another raid from their northern camps upon the runs near Mount Deception The following contains particulars of a fatal affray which occurred on November 27 - Beltana, December, 1863 " Dear Sir,-We have been attacked by the natives, the shepherds driven into the station, and some sheep killed-seventeen in one flock- and other flocks scattered, and not yet all recovered Mr. Matheson and myself were most unwarrantably attacked, and had to use firearms in defence of our lives I was armed with a Colt's rifle, and Mr Matheson with an Enfield rifle I have since found there are three killed I reported the affray to the police at Angipena Corporal Wauhop has been over making enquiries, and will report to Adelaide by this man I hear from Mr Stephen Hack there are between two hundred and three hundred natives coming down I will keep a sharp look out for them, for they will most likely be aggressors, and most probably blood will be shed. You had therefore best warn the Government to order up a sufficient force to protect the settlers , if not, they will be shot down like dogs, as the settlers must do so in defence of their lives and property. " My hand is injured by the trigger guard of my gun ; I am therefore not able to write myself I will send you further particulars by next mail. "." Yours very truly, R. KMUT." t A corn spenden t, writing from Wuuouic, forwards some further yar ticulars, which we subjoin. He SBJB : On Friday, November 27th, about seventy blacks came within. time miles of the woolshed on their return home, and fell in with one of the shepherds. They used to take some of his sheep, but luckily he prevented them by enticing them up to his hut, when he gave them some flour, and they then left, having broken the shoulder of one of the sheep. They soon divided into two parties one coming down here and the other going to Beltana where about a mile and a half from the woolshed they stuck up another shepherd while he was watering his flock, and took some sixteen sheep from i him. They knocked him down, and tried to take his coat from him. By a deal of struggling, however, he got away from them, and drove his flock from the water towards the theil. Viewing his flock, he went to the kitchen, two of the Macks following him all the way, and sent a messenger to Mr. M'Kay. As soon as Mr. X1, heard they were so close and appeared so daring, he started in company with J. r\ and one of the shearers, each having with him a hunting whip. Mr. M'Kay managed to get hold of one of the two blacks who were at the men's kitchen, and have given him a JJiocl horsewhipping let him go. In less than no time the whole party of tutty Gve came up the milk to the kitchen, and Mr. M. and his companions were unable to repel them. The natives threw stones, sticks, and boomerangs at Mr. M. and his followers. Mr M. und F-wore several times nearly knocked off their IIOISCH by the boomerangs. The blacks repulsed them, and Mr. M. finding them so desperate rode to the head station, where he got a revolver and rifle. Mr. Matheson also returned with him, and the three of them met the thirty-five blacks about four miles from the Wool shiel They intend to drive, their way, but they were not to be driven They said, ' they no care Dilga musketry ' (that is, a gun), inclined to am round M Kay and Mash them They endeavoured to make them iniilirMai d that they would not fire on them it they would walk awry, but the natives rushed upon Mr M hay, threw their boomerangs at him and would no doubt have killed him had he not been mounted on a good horse As it was, he received a blow on the back from a boom rang and his horse was struck on the lump When Mr M K-y saw them so daring, he and Matheson find amongst them, one we know of two being killed, besides an is believed, several being wounded They fired about twelve shots While Mr M hay was going into the station the sum kB tried to surround the sun a kitchen 1' - got a gun and tm d to frighten them, but they soon made l mi retreat, with five or six other men, to the kitchen, which the men thought they were going to fire 'there is a rePort cutrtnttliit the 1) package must think about I like Hot e to time down and plunder right and left Mr Hack who is at present in these days, says he saw about 200 strong young men, who were coming down The blacks up there say, Very good country this one, all about flour, sugar, tea, clubs, and sheep, catch him, and white fellow no say nothing is this party should return, it will no doubt be to take their revenge, and there is no know in j, what the toast picnics will be Ohio on the block who was killed was nearly six feet high, and they are the most daring 1 ever saw When Mr. M hay tired the first aid second shots they rushed upon him, but the third shot put the 'blurring upon them although they did not attempt to run away until after the tenth or twelfth shot in the place where the blacks stuck up the shepherd and took the sheep I Fund a mob of 300 sheep which they had cut off, and north they would no doubt have driven away On returning to the woolshed nKo I picked up 30 more, while the fences around the n Hives camps showed that many had been killed and eaten 1 DIMiURGII CHINGö SKI 1911 S OF VI NUTS AND TI SONS) IN AND ABOUT AULD REEKIE BY PETER Potosi M lOXJMON STATELY fin Englishman who has not travelled on the Con- Uni nt is astonished when he first youR Edinburgh at the prevalence of the " common stair state a The number of ' self contained houses in Edinburgh is proportionately, very small Hu New Town as well as the Old has its lands with two ' houses n tTery "flat' In streets which at first an, appeal to the d to gentility tabooed from any touch of vulgar made, you find butchers and bakers, fishmongers, grocers, and publicans, carrying on a quiet b isintss down the army, as a C cockney would say some of these stairs are clean, well ventilated, and well lighted by windows in the day, and by gas at night they have to strict door, which is only opened when an ordinary street door is opened On the door posts there are bell handles, with little plates beneath, on which are engraved the different tenants in res Ye been a bell u pulled, the servant of the house to which it belongs however high up the flat may be is able to open the door without coming down She tells a ' lift and the valve appears to swing back to the wall of its own accord There are other stairs we owe de ota are only shut at night, and these are not really 60 clean as those I have just describe d there are others which have no doors, are lighted by windows whole panes are encrusted with the grime of years, and only get ventilated when those panes nie cracked, have no gas at night, and are the reactions of all the cats in tlientighbourhood These places are great nuisances His ears are not the only lovers who try st there Lenses sub section samers CompomU . . * horn are heard, and the latent. predator intend of Great public issue as again Or rather the crisis is not gates, for you are often compelled to witness as you traverse the entry and mount the steps, most disgusting sights line occurs I have as yet mentioned are those of tenements occupied by more or less decent people. Many of the common stairs of the Cow gate, the Canongate closed, and the winds are unutterably foul A few of them in form are just like the corkscrew steps which lead to relish bill rolls These are the best, for, although very little light can get in through the narrow slits in the candle box turrets round the inside of which the steps wind, a little air enters Ventilated or unventilated, however, the stairs I refer to ar black with dirt to ascend them is to ask to be gazetted Hugged, fetid, whiskered wretchedness, blatant sharply my, bullying blackguards, prurience that a cage of monkeys could scarcely equal-those are their contents One night I was ascending a s air of the third class I have described when I stumbled over something soft As soon as I got on my legs, I tried to find out with my foot what the heap consisted of, but not being able to make anything of it I went up to the rooms of the friend I had come to visit and procured a light When I went down, I found to it it was a drunken man who had tripped me up He had coolly stretched himself completely sense the staircase I tried to rouse him, but only succeeded in evoking a victory, stammering, not very politely worded reproof for my impertinence in disturbing an lone st man when he had gone to his bed lines said, the honest man dropped his head again on the step he fancied his pillow, and fell sound asleep once more This little incident, when my friend and I got up stairs and to our today, suggested a talk about Edinburgh s common stairs, and what might be encountered on them Of course, the Begbie tragedy " turned up first Tie nearly sixty years since " that what was once the town house of the Iweeddale family-in a close nearly opposite the house of John Knox, so picturesquely depicted in its un-" restored." state by Dr Itoberti-ws» the British Linen Company's Banking House One gloomy Edinburgh November afternoon in 1866, a little girl was sent by her mother to get water from the well which still, on the other side of the way, supplies the inhabitants of Tweeddale court It was almost dark, and when the lassie thought that she was only going to step from the common state into the close, she fell over the body of a dying man She roused the neighbours, they rushed to the spot, and found that it was William Begbie, one of the bank porters A knife was in his heart, and before he could utter a word he bled to death The knife, a sharpened bread knife, was driven in up to the handle, round which some spongy paper had been wrapped to top up the out gushing blood of the victim A bundle of bank-notes, of the value of nearly £4000, had been stolen from the murdered man. Begbie mysterious assassination sent a thrill of horrified wonder through Edinburgh Every effort was made to discover the murderer, but all were made in vain Scamp after (camp was apprehended on suspicion, but all save one were easily able to clear themselves, and after a time, circumstances came to light which cleared the exceptional suspected person The promise of a reward of £600, and piqued professional pride, stimulated the detectives to unresting activity in their hunt after the assassin , but all they could certainly learn in reference to him was, that Begbie, on his way to Edinburgh from the branch bank at Leith, had been accompanied, or followed, by "aman" in Leith Walk and that some children had seen " a man " rush out of Tweeddale-court about the time when the murder was supposed to have been committed, dust across the Canongate, and dive into I eith Wynd, . dark, dirty, densely populated lane, where the ' lower order if in such a body there can ^ Rowan tionsofrsnk-of Edinburgh's Cyprian's asks. Can gesture About nine months after the ht of the murder three fourths of the stolen <Mknk.nsotes was found hidden in a hedge near the in but who the murderer was has never been pro- ^ although there is strong reason to suppose that a Bn, on(J M(lckoul a London ruffian, who, atti- e "m Was lodging in a house in New street, which he could most CMlly reach from Itveeddalc court is Unh w d Bird who, in his assumed c ^tTSi(.{CT of skin dyer was to lounge a good deal in, the ship Tayertli affects, pretending to talk by years to master mariners and merchants, and the A Using their pockets, or fleecing them at cards Shortly after the murder, Mackoul, although ur^sut,pCCtc()i Mtnt abroad When he returned to Scotland he robbed a bank, was detected, tried Sentenced to be hanged, reprieved, and then duel in j nson 'The How Street runner who sppre I ended him on the charge of bark robbery believed that he was Herbie a murder, and whilst he was lying, in 1 d nburgh gaol, carelessly asked him in the course of cmvciBAiun whether he had not lodged at the bottom of New street, in November, 1896 Mackoul became greatly excited, and shouted, No, you I was then in the boat ladies the Went Indies Wl at do you mean" The Bow street ofhter had thus been led to believe that Mackoul much red He gone In Leith tic runner had fallen in with a man who, in November, lbOo, was a sailor boy on board a vessel trading between Leith and I soon In the afternoon of the day on which Begbie was start ed, this lad left his ship to take his mother, who died in the Netherton, some little smuggled presents from 1 Portugal As he went up JAI li Walk, he noticed the re him a tall man carrying a parcel and a well dressed man dogging him The la 1 fancied that the well dressed man was a Custom house officer keeping his eye on a smuggler, as the lad suppress the tall man with the parcel to he the boy but rally was fearful lest this supposed officer should direct his directions to himself, and, therefore, lagged behind M ben he reached his mothers li use, the young sailor saw the will dressed man running out of Tweed club court with a parcel under his arm still believ- ing him to be a revenue officer, the lad left his present at his mother B, and hurried back to his vessel to avoid being taken into custody Next morning he heard of the murder, and arrived at the conclusion that the well dre seel man was the murderer In a few days the boys vessel sailed, and was captured by a French privateer, and the boy was thrown into a anson, from which when he came out he was a man lim description the well dressed man tallied with the appearance of Mackoul That is one sure) of a common state, and here is another in the gloomily picturesque Lawnmarket there are surely houses used to be b level, perhaps are still believed to be haunted A haunts 1 home in a mu i thoroughfare appears, at first, an anomaly Hiunwd home"s are generall) detached houses often country hollies the ideal of it is that which Hood has described with so much poetic power-that echo place w Fire O'er all there has live shadow of a (car, A return of merry- lot pint tUuntc I, Anti nil at i U n HA whiAp. r to a car- The home is haunted. Nevertheless, a ghost is not a fish out of water in a I awrinaiket " land." (dance in the gloaming at one of the small windows in the upper flats of those high, dark, melancholy rows of buildings, and you might easily) fancy you saw a face not made of flesh, and marked with the anguish of immortal sorrow-nbU/o | with fiendish rage-or, perchance, more blood-curd I ling still, contorted with the horrid era of a fiend's I nothing mirth I should not like to live in one of these top flat I am almost a Sadducee in theory. In day light, I anal) sec 1 Oct stones with ruthlessly sceptical criticism , I dispute evidence, I talk learn i idly about optical illusion is, mental delusions, school by tricks, bile, to J much I brandy, and indigestion I scoff at the credulity of people who, in this enlightened age, can believe that spirits return from Hades to rap on cupboard doors, and rattle crockery But when I am alone in the darkness? a nameless dread comes over me. a belief that I am in the presence of something which I cannot see, and which, if I could see, would be sundered by an awful gulf from my human sympathies. Pear comes up name and trembling which makes all my bones to shake This, however, is a very long preface to a very short story. One of the common stairs of the Lawnmnikct is, if I mistake not, still believed to be haunted by the spirit of a gentlemen who was murdered on the stairs at noon. The ghost, however, only makes itself audible at midnight. Then, step by step, from the bottom to the very top of the house, ascends a slow and solemn foot-ball, and, step by step descends, and the roused sleepers shudder in their beds as it goes by their doors, horse in going up or down have met the ghost, and have almost fainted as the noise became more distinct, and Nothing to-the eye passed them with that sub stantial sounding and yet merely spiritual tread 