THE METROPOLITAN BANQUET TO SIR HENRY BARKLY. Abridged from the Argus.) His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly was entertained at a public banquet, at St. George's Hall, last evening. The company numbered about 220, and included a large proportion of our public men and city merchants. Sir J. P. Palmer presided, the vice-chairmen being Sir I. Francis Murphy and the Mayor of Melbourne. At this duse of the repast, and after the usual loyal toasts were given in succession, The chairman him, proposed the health of their distinguished ghost, Sir Henry Barkly, and in sending endeavored to supply some proofs of the progress which the colony had made under his ....colleiioy's government. These, however, were listened to with impatience by the company, and the cry of ques- tion " was uttered several times. There was no doubt (said the chairman), that the colony had advanced, but under constitutional government it was, perhaps, extremely difficult to say what share the Governor find in that advancement: Yet there could be no doubt that the influence of superior education, of extensive knowledge and experience guided by a most exact knowledge of facts, of the prestige of his high position, would and must always give a governor immense influence with his responsible advisers and with the public at large. In Sir Henry Barkly, Victoria had had a Governor who to great attainments, experience, and sagacity had united great assiduity in the discharge of his duties and unimpeachable integrity of motive. (Cheers.) He believed that, though Sir Henry Barkly might not have given satisfaction which it was the lot of few men to do? to every class of society, yet those who were not perfectly satisfied with him formed but a very small section of the community. (Hear, hear.) In parting with Sir Henry Barkly they parted with a valuable governor. (Cheers.) "Wherever he went he would be accompanied with all their good wishes. (Immense) cheering the company standing and giving three times since." His Excellency, on rising to return thanks, was received with a burst of cheeriness. When the applause had subsided, lin spoke as follows Often as I have been called on during a career of fifteen years us her Ma jesty's representative in different colonies, to acknowledge similar compliments, never have I felt so much in want of words us I do now, to express adequately what I desire to say. (Hear, hear.) When I look around this brilliant scene when I see that many of the wisest and best of the land are assembled here to do me honor when I think of the compliments that Sir James Palmer, one of the oldest colonists present, This lavished upon mu?whon T remember the plaudits with which those cnmplinia_-n|.3 were received by you I really fact that the ordinary stereotyped phraseology of after. dinner speeches is altogether inappropriate, and I am at a loss to oppress, in suitable terms, my Ei'itt'if.-,! sense of your kindness, (App'ansi).) Satirists tell us that there is one subject on which all men are eloquent?iitunoly, themselves; but I think, on the contrary, that when the heart is fullest, the lips give the least ready utter- ance to its thoughts. (Hear, hear.) I feel, however, that there is something solemn? something almost affecting? it thus living called mind to give an account of my steward- ship. True, as a constitutional governor, I can claim, as Sir James Palmer has said, little share of the praise or blame of the policy pursued by my advisers. Still, a constitutional governor does retain a certain fugitive power, which may he employed either for much good or for much evil. (Hear, hear,) A popular idea, no doubt is, that no- thing can be easier or more delightful than the position of a governor money responsible institutions That He has merely to act on the advice tendered to him, or rather, to let others act in his native. Nevertheless, I think those who reflect will see that the first -air stitutional governors in those Australian colonies have had certain difficulties to once liver and certain delicate things to perform in the transition),! from one system of government to the other. (Hear, hear,) Instructions from the Oro ran to -hogs governors remain precisely as they have done before, and if they look to the Constitution Acts for guidance they will find them generally vague um! inflicting of interpretation with regard to questions affecting prerogative, and that the Constitution Act of Victoria especially, so far far from throwing light on the question of ru spaceship government, mentions it merely as a marginal note which is no part of the unrest merit. And if they look to the constitutional history of the mother country for precedents;, they will find many which are of no value for guidance in colonial matters, and many that are contradictory and uncut tain, he must recollect that; the British Constitu- tion is not Utopia? owner written document that Coii.tilntiuiial government in home is in Uyiltat' of practice, not theory; and that most of the theories of modern writers on the subject have never been carried actually into effect, and probnMy.tiover will be. Trim, Professor Goldwin Smith tells us that we have really had two constitutional sovereigns in ..nghtiid?thu first and the second Georges, but he adds that somewhat unparliamentary explanation, that they were fools as well as foreigners. (laughter.) And my Mond, Mr. Henry Taylor, of the Colonial Office, in the preface to one of his works Robin up Charles the Simple of France as the bean-to-al and prototype of' a constitutional sovereign, because he was so mad that he could not be held responsible for his acts, and at the name snap was sure enough to feel for the Burrow 3 of his people, and sympathise with them. (Renewed laughter.) But it seems to ino?nltliougli every theory may contain a certain amount of truth that this is carrying the doctrine to the point of absurdity. 1, liuUovu it to be impossible for any one to accept the doctrine of tho absolute necessity of a constitutional governor who really has a regard for the good of his country. My own conviction is, that a constitutional governor, while bound to abstain carefully from anything like party politics, or from interfering in anything like most.... of detail, must in the performance of his duty, and Butler certain contingencies, be called upon to exercise an. independent judgment, and act as he. deals- really best for the good of the country. (Applause.) And if you will allow me, gentlemen, at a moment when my administration is about to close and when what I say may be looked upon as a dying declaration, and, therefore, may be taken on that account as true to make one or two observations on the position of a constitu- ' tional governor in this colony. I would venture to say that I think it would be better if a little more latitude were allowed to the exercise of negative power on the part of a governor; if, for example, it were possible for him to refuse to acquiesce in a question- able appointment, without its being understood that the refusal should occasion a ministerial crisis, or involve the whole machinery of government in confusion. (Loud cheers..') Again, I think it would he better if a little more power of supervision over institutions intended for the moral and social welfare of the people? such slim penitentiaries lunatic usyHi-,u_s and gals wore allowed to the governor. (Hear, hear.) Really, very ship.. the governor has little or nothing to do, and there is a certain amount of danger that such institutions may be overlooked amidst the turmoil of party politics. (Hear, hear.) I will only say, "in conclusion, that as I accepted the government of this colony with the filia doturuiinnt'ftaii in aid to the west of my ability in carrying out the ox payment of responsible government which iliullh.ub.oiie.-tiiblishcil.solliiivo endeavored ''"Ting my administration of the government to act impartially and in the spirit of the constitution, (Great applause.) " If I have been guilty, as no doubt I have, of sins of omission and oniuintssion?(" No, no.")? if I have erred, as allow me to say, I know that I have from lack of for sight or from infirmity of temper, if, in the discharge of what I conceived to be my duty. I have come into collision with those who thought they were doing theirs, I can only say, and I say it on the last occasion I shall probably way- of doing so, that I hour no a_Hiuoi.it-' to any one; and I earnestly trust that on quitting this country I shall leave behind me not s., one single private or even political enemy. As Sir Henry Barkly closed his speech the whole company stood up and gave a round of hearty cheers. After a pause, his Excellency again rose, andsnid?Sir James Palmer and gentlemen? of rise again for tho purpose of calling, on all ...... present to join me in drinking bumper toast ' ' to the " Prosperity of Victoria:" (Cheers That subject has naturally occupied good --, ordeal of my attention during the. last even . ,.., years ; mind I have no hesitation in affirming my dear vi tion to be that that prosperity rests on a firm and secure basis. (Hear, hear.) -I -" believe, indeed, that the bright gleams' which - have, already been shed on its path are but as the blush of dawn compared to the noontide effulgence which will wait on the maturer car cor of this colony. With a territory more spacious than that of many first-rate . European states with a climate so perfect that the vine the olive, and the mulberry flourish, side by side with the fruits, vegetables, and cereals of colder regions with an energetic and intelligent population, living Under the institutions modelled on those of the mother-country, and with the amplest powers of self-government how can it' be" otherwise? (Hear, hear.) I firmly believe that there is no country, under the sun which offers such inducements to settlers to come to it; and the moment they do come, they are entitled to share in Blithe advantages of an enormous public domain still' , iiniiliciintcil, and to participate in these our., for us treasures which have been surrendered, by the Crown to the colony. And yet, In spite of all these advantages, we find no', only croakers among ourselves, but a portion of the public press at home nay, grave public writers who seem to take a, pleasure in drawing exaggerated and jaundiced pictures of the state of society in Victoria. More strange still, the gentlemen who do this? - gentlemen who advocate the most advanced liberal views at home seem really to start. but all that they mining that has happened in Victoria in too uracil political freedom. (A laugh.) It if. not for me to extol or defend the Constitution as established by law in Victoria. I can have no particular feeling in its favor, inasmuch as I had no share in introducing it; I found it virtually postal. ' lished when I came to this country ; but I do foul, and I have ever felt when I tear re cured at all on this subject that that record ought to be me and I horse no hesitation in saying that I think 'the Constitution has worked as well as, could reasonably be expected of the jurors that, as the chairman has ' told you, it has secured for the country the s"..".*8tantial fruits of good government. It ., has insured security for life and property st '2 least as great as that which prevails at home, In fact, judging from recent accounts, I believe there is greater security for life andruo party in Melbourne than in farndon, (Hear, hear.) It has also secured the means often sit and communication. Indeed it has so cured almost all the appliances that civiliza- tion can command through the aid of central and municipal organization, (Hear, hear.) I do not pretend to assert, for one moment, that the institutions of Victoria are perfect. I do not mean to deny that there may be able- wishes that there may be obstacles to the progress of the country. These obstacles may arise, In some respects, from the peculiar Constitution of society out here. At allowance It appears to me that most of them are of the same' ntilnro?differing, perhaps, in degree as those existing in the mother country, but are really different to that system of' government by party which we have borrowed from the mother country Unit system which we all believe is better adapted to the progress of a nation's freedom than any other that human wisdom has yet devised. (Cheers.) I can easily excuse the amount of ignorance that appears to prevail at home on the sub), out of this colony. (Hear, hear) With the very hazy notions that exist in the minds of the British public on the subject of' Australian geography, it is not at all unnatural that one colony should be confused with another and as we know that, including Queensland and New Zealand, some half dozen colonies uttered at the same moment on the path of responsible government, it is that in all wonderful that every second or third mail should carry home the news of a Ministerial crisis in one or the other, , (Laughter.) I can it account for the acerbity which exists in a portion of the press at home with regard to Victorian institutions by the fact that the writers have been in the habit of comparing those institutions with the Institutions of the mother country, forgetting all the while the difference which has marked the state of society in the two countries. But I must say that when political writers volunteer to enlighten the public as to the position of those matters, they ought to take the trouble to make themselves masters of the, facts upon which they are about to dilate. Certainly I did read with extreme surprise in < the work of so usually well informed an author is Mr. May, in the second chapter of his Constitutional History of Great Britain, published this present your, of statement ascribing what he calls the instability of the Australian constitution, in the fact of none of the colonies having more than one single legislative chamber. (Laughter.) And I must say that I read with feelings somewhat akin to indignation the passage in Mr. Goldwin Smith's book. The Empire, in which he characterises this colony as a sink of corruption and iniquity, and speaks , of its Legislature and government as having sunk from had to worse, with tendencies stopped in protection, and on the very verge of repudiation, is refusing to hear any portion of the cost of the mother country in its military defence, and as exercising the great powers entrusted to it safely in oppressing the Chinese and other inferior races. (Laughter.) We can all estimate those statements for what they are worth; but I am afraid that, coming from a man of so much ability and earnestness, (they may do the colony a great deal of harm and therefore I thought it my duty to allude to them on this occasion. (Hear.) Yon can, kill judge, as well as I can, whether the legislature and the ministry are really going from bad to worse, It is not for me to speak on that point. (Laughter. But I can safely assert that the tariff of Victoria is the most liberal to he found in any country of the world that not one sixpence of duty has ever been levied, or attempted to be levied, on British manufactures; Unit Victoria has never shrunk from bearing how portion of the expense of her own defences; and that no one whisper, so far as I know, has ever been uttered in this country on the subject of repudiation from her just liabilities. (Cheers.) With regard to this I point, I think we may triumphantly refer to a the last quotation of Victorian debentures on the London Stock Exchange, which I think was something near 112. (Hear, hear.) There is any subject on which, perhaps, we may be entire amenable to the criticism of' JIv. Goldwin Smith, but this even is discussed with a certain amount of exaggeration.. is allude to the duration of ministries. Mr. (Goldwin Smith states that they last only six months. I think the average is about twelve months. We are entering on the eighth ministry at the end of the seventh year. (Laughter.) No doubt there is a certain evil in this system. No doubt it is an obstacle in the way of legislation, especially on social, and non-political subjects at the sane time it is not an unmitigated ever was a state of society like this There is a sort of smile compensation in it. It certainly cannot be matter of shame the. state a state of things should have occurred on the start of the experiment of responsible gaivuiumiant, in a country whom everything in the way of administration must at first have been tentative and where parties could not have had time to form themselves. In conclusion I will repeat that I do not enter tain that I have never entertained the s slightest doubt of the continued prosperity of this colony: and before resuming my seat I will only add that nobody, either within the colony or without it, will contemplate the prosperity of Victoria with greater and more j sincere and heartfelt pleasure than 1 heavy rains. (Great applause.) 