EP I T OME. Friday Evening. The complote returns of the elections for the Western Downs and the Burnett Districts are to hand. Mr. R. R. Mackenzie and Mr. Edwards have been elected to represent the Burnett; one of tho old membors, Mr. Haly, having been rejected. The returns for the Western Downs were not received till to-day, As expressive of their satisfaction with their old members, tho constituents have re-elected the hon. Mr. Moffatt and Mr. Taylor, both having a very large majority over Mr. White. When the results of the elections for Maranoa and tho Leichhardt are known, tho country will have seen the last of the second general election in Queensland, The Ipswich Municipal Council has engaged the services of Mr. Oldham, C.E. to verify the survey made some yoars since between the Bremer and Brisbane Rivers, for the purpose of supplying tho town with water from the latter. Sydney boating mon rejoice in Ibo circiim stanco of tho Princo of Wales being tho patron of tho Sydney Yacht Club. Wo under- stand that a lottor was recoivod hy tho last mail from his Royal Highness, signifying that ho was pleased to be so connected with tho club. Several important snlos of stations and' stock nre reported to havo tukon placo during tho week. According to tbo local poper, tbo " settling" for tho Warwick Races was by no means of a harmonious character. Tho decision'of tho stewards on tho disputes raised anent tho hack raco and tho publicans' purse, did not appoar to .givo general satisfaction to all interested, and such torms as '.'black log'1 wero addressed to tho gentleman occupying the most responsible nud thankless position iu connection with tho Warwick meeting. Sickness amongst the passengers of the Hannah More is decreasing, there being, at latest advices, only five cases of hooping cough on board. In this case it seems a pity that the passengers should be kept on board the ship as she lies at anchor. They might with advantage be sent ashore on one of the islands, to take exercise and enjoy some re- laxation. On Tuesday last a deputation had an interview with the Colonial Secretary, with reference to the disposal of the immigrants, and to ascertain definitely if it was the inten- tion of the government to forward them to the northern districts or land them at Bris- bane. Mr. Herbert stated that the immi- grants would be forwarded direct from More- ton Bay to Rockhampton by steamer. Tho Governor of South Australia, Sir Dominic Daly, has provoked much merriment in Adelaide by the issue of an order of prece- dence and regulations requiring civil servants to appear in uniform at levees and on public occasions. A public meeting was bold in the Munici- pal Council Chamber on Thursday ovoning for the formation of " a Liberal Registration Society, for the purpose of insuring to its members the right of voting in any electorate where thoe may be entitled to claim tlie privilege." Resolutions affirming this object were adopted, and an influential committee appointed to draw up rules and regulations for the guidanco of the association. Public attention has been directed to the impropriety of persons depositing " newspa- pers" in the iron pillar receivers in the city and suburbs. The receivers have beon erected for tho deposit of " letters " only. The house occupied by Mr. F. Smith, in William-street, was destroyed by firo on Wed- nesday evening, with nearly every article of furniture and apparel belonging to his family. The firo originated purely by accident. It appears, that Mrs. Smith was driving tho mosquitos from her child's bed when the curtains were wafted towards the candle, and immediately blazed up. In the disinterested oxertions of the Brisbane Fire Brigade to prevent tho flames extending to the adjacent premises, the want of adoquate organization and appliances for such an emergency was painfully apparent. Tho Judges havo been engaged in tomi and insolvency sittings during tho week. During Juno tho Brisbniio Hospital was occupied by twonty-fonr paying, and seventy four pauper patients. Thero woro four deaths. Tho repairs to tho hull of the Everton having boon completed at Towns' wharf, she has been ordered to tbe bay where she will be equipped for sea. It maj* bo interesting to know that her owners have changed tho ship's namo, and she will honcofurth be known as the Lady Rowen, after tbe amiable wifu of his Rxcoloncy the Governor. The Boomerang, steamer, which was stranded some timo ago in tho Fitzroy River, is approaching a "ship-shape " condition, and will shortly be ready to proceed to Sydney, where she will bo docked. The Beejapore, ship, from Liverpool, with 700 immigrants of all grades, arrived in Keppel Bay on the 25th ultimo. It seems that the ship was overcrowded ; for not fewer than thirty-four deaths occurred on the voyage. Children suffered very much. Probably an official in- quiry as to the equipment of the ship will be held. Shortly after her arriving in port a number of the seamen struck work, and, having been brought before the local autho- rities, were sentenced to three months im- prisonment for their misconduct. As there is no suitable lock-up at Rockhampton, the in- subordinates were brought thence to Bris- bane, by the Queensland, steamer, and twenty-seven of them are now in " durance vile" within the walls of the metropolitan gaol. The membors of the Civil Service in Bris- bane have hold three meetings this week, to consider the provisions of a bill which has been prepared for the regulation of the go- vernment departments and the classification of the officers engaged therein. The Cairngorm, ship, from Liverpool, brings to Brisbane 340 immigrants, more than half of whom are from Greenock. Although the ship had a good voyage, there was sickness amongst the children on board, and twelve died. She has, however, been passed with a clean bill of health. A steamer went down to the bay yesterday for the passengers and their luggage. Complaints have been made in public of the inadequate protection extended to the city reservoir, to which cattle occasionally gain access. The Volunteer Band gave a moonlight concert in tho Botanic Gardons on Monday night, which was woll attonded. Tho first mooting ofthe now Council of the Rifle Association lapsed on Wednesday for want of a quorum. (Mich a bad .beginning does not augur woll for tho future. Tho representatives of Wost Mnroton nnd Ipswich wero entertained by their consti- tuents at a banquet, on Tuesday evening, in the Ipswich School of Arts. It was a very successful affair, viewed as a ministerial ovation; but somo of the speeches delivered on tho occasion were of a character that could hardly bear the " morning's reflection " of even thoso who uttered them. No doubt cer- tain members of the ministry will find the road to political success rather impeded on account of those same speeches. Tho foundation stone of a Primitive Metho- dist Church was laid in tho neighborhood of Oxley Creek on Wednesday. On Monday night a shipwrecked crew ar- rived at Lytton in a small vessel of their own construction. They numbered in all ten per- sons, and had belonged to the schooner, Prince of Denmark, which was wrecked off the Chesterfield Group, on the 19th March last. No lives were lost by the disaster, and the crew, under the direction of Mr. J. C. Bennett, the master, built a large boat from the portions of the wrecked vessel. The name of tho boat is, not inappropriately, " Hamlet's Ghost." Tho O'Connell Monument Committee havo appointed collectors to canvass subscriptions. Mr. T. V. Dudgeon is treasurer. Tho revenue table for the quarter ending )Mtli .lune has been issued from the Treasury. Tho revenue from all sources was £(.2,7,*>.> (is. Sd., being an increase of £3^1 17s, yd. on tho corresponding quarter of lb02. The half-yearly balance-sheet of thoMoreton Bay Savings' Bank, just issued, shows nu un- precedented increase in the business of the institution. Mr. Groom, M.L.A , the representative of Drayton and Toowoomba, wns entertained nt a dinner by his constituents on Monday. Madagascar is in a state of rebellion, and it is reported that thc now king has boen assas- sinated, Tlie American consul was mur- dered, and the lives of tho other consuls threatened. A very agreeable concert was given on Thursday evening, in tho South Brisbane Mochauics' Institute. This ovoning the Caledonian Society gnvo a pleasing concert in thc School of Arts, the proceeds of which aro to be dovoted to tho assistance of tho " distressed Scotch imrni. grants" by tho Cairngorm and other ships to "arrive. ' ¦?" '¦;-' '"? '? ¦'.-" ; ' Tho police magistrato of Ipswich has pro- nounced this dictum?that a person who in- cites n dog to' attack- another person is.ns much guilty of-an assault as if ho struck tho person with his bands. .-'.,. ? Bushranging is on tho increase, iii Now South Wales, and tho'inefficiency-.of the policois becoming every day moro 'apparent. Tho Gorman inhabitants of Brisbano aro or- ganising, with a view to qualifying themselves hy naturalization toexcrciso the privileges of British subjects and citizens. Two meetings on the subject havo boen already bold. ; A'temperance lecture was delivered; at the School of Arts ou Tuesday ovoning, by the Rov. J. Towneiul. Mr, Paul Atkinson opened a now choral class in Brisbane on Tuesday ovoning, .which promises to tako its pluco amongst our local " institutions " Later American alu! English nows has been received via Sydney, tho main'feature of which is, that a groat battle has boen fought nt Vicksburg, in which tho Confede- rates suffered what appears lo bo a defeat. At other places also tho-Confederates have boen worsted. In Moxico tho French aro unsuccessful. Mr. Adams, tho Federal States minister nt London, has given explanation anent bis franking ships; but; tho Emperor of the French is not satisfied. A new administration has boen formed in A'ictoria, to succeed tho O'shanassy cum Duffy ministry. It seems to ho popular. A new Electoral Act has received the royal assent. Tho South Australian Ministry has signed. A telegram from Sydnoy states that Mr. Forbes, Manager of the Oriental Bank, shot a man in a street light. Sunday last hoing tho anniversary of tho coronation of her Majesty tho Queen, tho Volunteer Arlillory fired a royal salute in honor of tho auspicious ovont.. The Pluto, steamer, left Sydnoy on tho 20tli ultimo for Brisbane, and bas not sinco beon beard of.1 ¦>¦'¦¦¦ A littlo girl named Esthor Bridges, was accidentally drowned at thoOne- MiloSwamp,, last Friday. Shu had buen sent to got a bottle of water, from a bolo. , Messrs. A. H. Brown and Vf. II. Ynlilwyn. havo rosignod their seats in tho Legislative Council. Tho resignation of tho Hon. II. Pring, Attoruey-Genoral, who bas beon olooted to ropresont Ipswich, was gazetted at tho samo timo. 