THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE CHRISTMAS ENTERTAINMENT. The spring scries of lectures were on Wednesday evening. December 23, concluded by a novel but most interesting entertainment. It consisted of aa introductory address by the Eev. J. Jefferis and recitations and readings by gentlemen who volunteered their services for the occasion. Mr. N. Both, M.P., one of the Governors of the Institute, presided. He opened the proceed ings with a brief description ol the origin and object of the entertainment. The Rev. Jlr. Jefferis then read the following introductory address:— The Governors of the Institute have wisely, as 1 think, decided to close the spring series of lectures with an entertainment which should be in harmony with the festive spirit of the season. Our forefathers were accustomed to regard Christmas both as a holy commemoration and a cheerful festival, and so they marked it not only by devotion, but by hospitality and merri ment. It would ill become us to alter the chraracter of the good old customs, except so far as we may be* compelled by our altered circumstances. We consider it, therefore, not only out of place, but absolutely necessary, to mark the advent of Christmas with some thing of festive joy. No apology I am sure will be needed, and certainly none will be less desired, for changing the grave and sober lecture into a lightsome entertainment. The gentlemen who come after me will present you with a medley, compounded, like the far-famed national Christinas pudding, of materials both solid and spicy. My part is the prologue or preface, or, as we may call it, the first dish. If it does not present much of the excellent savour of the Christmas goose, I will at least endeavour to extract from it the quality which some of you may chance to associate with the name, and the name only of the boar's head. There was a time when certain of our ancestors decried, on religious grounds, all the festivities of Christmas, as tending to profanity and wickedness. Hudibras, in his celebrated satire, has happily, though coarsely, sketched them a 'A sect whose chief devotion lies In odd perverse antipathies, In falling out with that or this, And finding somewhat still amiss. Rather than fail they will deny That which they love mosftenderly; Quarrel with mince- pies, and disparage Their best and dearest friend, plum-porridge; Fat pig and goose itself oppose. And blaspheme custard through the nose.' I may be permitted to say, as a descendant of these Puritans, and a great admirer of their bold and innovating spirit, tliat the satire by no means fits their representatives in modern days. Since the debauchee of the Cavaliers has been banished from our English homes there is no need tor tne protecting austerity of the Roundheads. We accept God's good gifts with joy, and think it no disgrace to religion, or to the Saviour, when we celebrate His birth with festivities and merriment. Some of us have a decided weakness for mince pics, the flavour of the Christmas goose is grateful to us all. and Ve pay due homage to the lordly plum-pudding. We think it joy to be present, or to assist at a meeting like this, where the chief object is to diffuse in the hearts of many a wholesome spirit of gladness. I shall confine myself to the festival we celebrate. Other friends will wander to and fro, bringing choice selections, 'grave and gay,' from many authors. I speak simply of the glad Christmas tide, sacred for ever in tlie memories of the past. But how shall I picture it with the thermometer standing as it does here at W in the shade, when in the dear old country a great fire, too big, is the very heart and soul of Christmas, where no one is satisfied unless out of doors— everything is cold, cutting, and dreary, with the snow falling in heavy flakes and long icicles de pending from the roofs, and the sharp wind whistjing through the naked trees. Honestly, I do pity you (indeed I should myself but for past memories) who have never spent the day in fatherland. Alas for the effeminacy forced unon you by the chine. You cover yourself with the very lightest of clothing, and sometimes such is the heat towards the midday meal you would be glad with Sydney Smith to put off your flesh and sit in your bones. You hardly dare continue in any athletic exercises by way of promoting appetite lest you should melt away. At dinner, instead of 'the sacred rage of hunger,' there is the ignoble rage of thirst. You ilriui£ thin colonml wine or lemonade, and all your tables are decorated with flowers. You eat cher ries, strawberries, and plums, the very sight of which would make old Father Christmas blush to the tip of his nose. As the afternoon dies away and twilight comes on, you forsake the house, and woo the festal gales that may or may not blow from the sea; and thus the day closes calm, and peaceful, and bright, and you retire to rest sub dued, quiet, and content. Now, I will not deny that there is some charm in all this: nay, I have known some go so far as to deliberately affirm that even on Christmas Day they would prefer the long warm sunshine to the cold and fitful gleams of the winter frost-the landscape golden with corn and green with the vines and fruit-trees, to the pure white surface of untrodden snow - tliat they would choose the balmy western air, fragrant of the sea, rather than the violent east wind that even pinched their noses blue; ami a pleasant walk at twilight's darkening hour rather than the noisiest game of hot cockles and forfeits that ever made the rafters of the old house shake. When I hear such sentiments and wish to exhibit my learning, I repeat that classical quotation from the Eton Latin Grammar, O tern yora! O more*! and if I airi }ust then poetically inclined, I think, without speaking, of that beauti ful verse of our greatest living poet,:— ' Like strangers' voices here they sound, Where not a memory strays. Nor landmark breathes of other days; But all is new unhallowed ground.' I will not, however, piiBiie the contrast or vex the soul of any born South Australian with dis paraging references. It would be enough to say that I think it possible under our very different conditions of life to make the day as ought to be — the day of days in all the year. Cut whatever we do, we must not forget the solemnities and happy customs that used to prevail at home. With the advance of knowledge and the rupture of feudal ties, they are greatly changed, but in remote country parishes, not yet dese crated by railroads, they aie still preserved in almost their ancient force. The festal cere monies commenced on Christmas Eve, and a log of wood sufficient to last for 24 hours was laid upon the fire. The log was brought in to the sound of music and a song. The following was one of the most common :— 'Come, bring with a noise,.my merry, merry boys, The Christmas log to the tiring. While my good dame she bids ye all be free, And drink to your heart's desiring. With the last year's brand light the new block, and For good success in his spending. On jour psalters pray that sweet luck may Come while the log is tending.' When the Christmas fire was thus made, the family retired to rest to be sweetly disturbed once and again by the music of the waits, who sing Christmas carols underneath tlie winnow. Some of us, I dare say, remember this wild nocturnal music. It comes across me now ns one of the sweetest remembrances of my boyhood. Usually the carols were very ancient, most were quaint, some were very beautiful. 1 can give you but a verse of one. The Virgin is contemplating with holy satisfaction the birth of the infant Christ:— 'He neither shall be clothed In purple nor in pall, But all in fair- linen, As were babies all. He neither shall be rocked In silver nor in gold But in a wooden cradle, That rocks in the mould.' The morning of the day was usually announced before day-break by the simultaneous ringing of the_ church- bells. Tennyson lias beautifully de scribed it:— ' The time draws near the birth of Christ ; The moon is hid ; the night is still ; The Christmas bells from hill to hill Answer each other in the mist. Four voices of four hamlets round, From far and near, on mead and moor, Swell out and fail as if a door Were shut between me and the sound. Each voice fair changes in the wind That now dilate and now decrease; Peace and cood-will, good-will and peace, Peace and good-will to all mankind.' Then when all are up, the joy of the day fairly commences. Children get their long-expected and long-wished-for Christmas presents. At an early hour three masses were in ancient times sung by the priests. Since the Reformation, the seemly Pro testant service has teen substituted. Thisover, the rest of the day is abandoned to genuine merriment. Families are reunited, differences are made up; from 1 o'clock until midnight the streets arc de serted, but within doors all is life and gaiety. The dinner is of course the grand event of the day. Boar's head, turkey, goose, and roast beef are the standard dishes of the first course. Then comes the plum-pudding, flanked by mince-pies, followed by tlie old-fashioned dessert of oranges and apples, and almonds and raisins. The English are usually good eaters, but on this day their gastronomic feats are beyond praise. After dinner comes the wassail-bowl, threatening overflow as it comes in, solid with roast apples when set down. An hour for digestion and a cup of tea, and games are entered on in right earnest. The old Christmas pantomime is indeed gone into oblivion: the Lord of Misrule, the Abbot of Unreason, the Morris Dancers, the hobby-horse, are seen and heard no more; but instead of them there are riddles, charades, hot cockles, forfeits, music, dancing; this last a real and genuine thing, with none of the etiquette and frivolity of the ballroom. The walls are decorated with holly, ivy, and laurel, while in the centre of the room hangs the mysterious mistletoe, the cause of many anxious desires and gentle throbbings, under which ex pectedly or unexpectedly the maidens are sure to be kissed. How happy then is the modest youth and his ingenuous love. How grateful are their sweet anticipations of that golden time 'when life is all one dream of love and flowers.' It would be pleasant to hold forth at length upon this in viting subject, but time is inexorable, and my limits are more than passed. In conclusion, let me say that it matters little if the outward form of Christmas wholly changes in this land of the sun ; but it will be a loss to us naturally and socially if its spirit, at once holy and festive, be banished from our midst. Let the hospitality and brotherhood— the interchange of love— the seasonable charity remain with us still. Christmas is a Christian feast, and the reizn of Christianity is attained in the reign of beneficence.' The rev. gentleman on resuming his seat was heartily applauded. ,,««... The Chairman called upon Mr. C. Richardson to recite, as had been specially requested by the Governors of the Institute, 'The Dream of Claudia Procula,' the wife of PontiuB Pilate. Mr. Richardson gave thU exquisite fragment from J. Barnes with great power and pathos. His delivery was distinct, his action gracefully appro priate, and the modulations of his voice skilfully adapted to the varying scenes described or senti ments embodied in the text As an effort of memory it was most remarkable; he never missed or misplaced a word, and so intense was the inte rest he excited that scarcely a breath was heard, except the reciter's voice, until he brought his task to a conclusion, when a long- restrained burst of applause proclaimed how greatly the dramatic effectiveness of his deliver}' was appreciated. Mr. W. KaT then read with great humour 'The Story of Gabriel Grub,' from the Pickwick Papers. He kept the company in a hearty laugh almost from the beginning to the end of his reading. The Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. L. Clyde, M.P.) recited 'The Legend of Sir Lancelot Boyle,' from Bon Gaultier, in a style that elicit«d repeated plaudits. Mr. J. H. Clark, one of the Governors of the Institute, read a pathetic passage from B. Kings ley s novel, 'Geoffrey H&ralyn;,' in a pleasingly affecting manner, and was most deservedly ap plauded. Mr. C. D. CoOPEn caused great amusement by his spirited, recitation of 'The ingoldisby Pc« nance.' Mr. E J. HODOKDfSOS load the Adventures of Savage and the Ghost, judiciously condensed from 'The Christmas Carol' of) Dickens, in a clear and interesting manner. He also was deservedly applauded. ?- m,he ,?°?' K^pE ntim ty war of epilogue. '.' The End of the Play,' by Thackemy, doing fun justice to this very beautiful composition. The Rev. J. C. Woods proposed a vote of thanks to the gentlemen who had so ably contributed to the evening's amusement. Mr. Bartlev seconded the motion, which was earned unanimously. The Chairman announced that arrangements were m progress for the autumn series of lectures. He then vacated the chair, and this very amusing and intellectual entertainment was brought to a conclusion. 