SINGLETON.. (Fromjhe Times, May 1C.) It- will be seen, that some alterations are to bo made shortly in tho management of tho rail ways. Tbo one which will be most severely felt is that which abolishes double-journey or return tickets at single fares, aud charges a faro and a-half for suoh tiokets. An inorcaso is also throatonod'on third- olass fares, the carriages being improved. The new arrangements are to como into oporation on the lsjfc July. TUG honorary secretary ot tue Railway Celebration Committee calls tbo attention of subscribers to the neocssity of at once paying up tho amounts against tboir respective names.) It is vory dosirablo that the accounts should bo wound up at once, so that wo have no doubt the appoal of tho secretary will bo promptly rospoudod to. The FLUNKIES OF SINGLETON — The fol lowing letter, addressed to tho editor of the Empire, by a correspondent who signs himself 'D. B.,' is amusing from its severity :— ' Sir 1 need scarcely tell you that the people here read with mingiled feelings of contempt, indig nation, and disgust, of the gratuitous and un manly insult offered to Mr. Wilcox, the con tractor, by a majority of tho committee, who refused to invite Mr. Wilcox to tho dinner in celebration of the oponing of the railway, Of course, this was because he was a contractor, and, therefore, not fit company for the jeebung aristocracy of Singleton. Surely it would be an act of mercy on the part of the immortal gods to inform us what is likely to come next. This stupendous piece of folly is inimitable. I ask all your readers to a man, if such an act as this I am commenting upon could have been perpetrated by any society in this world, ex cept, perhaps, by a few pampered, ignorant London footmen, whom chance had placed in a position of fortune. Had this Singleton com mittee been composed of men, for gentlemen is out of the question, surely the contractor would have been their most conspicuous and honoured guest. Alas! we all remember at the opening of the first London Exhibition, how highly ho noured. was Mr. Fox, the contractor, the Duke of Wellington marking his appreciation of that gentleman's services by giving Mrs. Fox his arm, and escorting her through the building ; but it seems- the noblemen of Singleton, God help them, have learnt their manners at a dif ferent school from the noble Duke, and no ghost need come from the grave to tell us that this is a fact. How Mr. Wilcox. must pity the poor creatures ; how the whole country must laugh at and despise them ! Even the sensible portion, if any, of our jeebung, pinchbeck, tin pot aristocracy must agree that the Singleton patricians took somewhat too high a flight on this occasion. Your contemporary the Herald says : — ' It affords tbhe world a good specimen of Australian, manners;' it also affords an ex cellent illustration of that upstart, beggarly, vulgar, insolence, and unmannered ignorance of our golden nobility. Surely after this we will all sing heartily with the poets — Let honour, virtue, learning die, But save, oh save, our New South Wales nobility. I have the honour, to remain, Sir, your obedient servant, D. B. Bathurst, 12tb May.'' 