SORELL BALL. [FROM A C0EnE8P0NnENT.] On Thursday night, the 10th inst,. the quarterly' subscription bull at Sorell took plaeor"at~tliö' Assembly Rooms. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, it was largely and fashionably attended by residents in the district and by visitors from other places Dancing commenced at nine o'clock, and was continued with energy, with but a slight intermission, until daylight next morning,, The music was good ; the refreshments choice, suitable, and abundant, and reflected credit upon Messrs. Bellette and Bidgood ; nothing was wanting to complete the festive harmony of the terpsichorean votaries who assembled on the occasion., The spirit in which the ball was carried out by the stewards, Messrs. Allison, Spotswood, Philip, Hnsel, Moore, Bellette, Hayton, and Fitzsimmons, is best exemplified by the commendations bestowed ere the assembly took their departure. ? 5 Mr. 0. MARSHALL said he was deputed by the ladies to tender to Mr. Allison their best thanks and good wishes for the kind and extreme attention be paid to them, and the assembly in generalities keeping up that harmony and good feeling that was exhibited on this occasion, and hoped that, he would be present at the next ball. > at Mr. ALLISON responded by observing that he had always as then, felt a pleasure in joining in social amusements, by which friendly feelings among his neighbors would be engendered and, he trusted, cemented. In some country places these unions were rare ; he thought that in this place they had done good. Many of them, but for such meetings', might be for years residing in the district without an interchange of that community of feeling so desirable. He must say Lo felt highly honored for the main Iced expression of thanks offered him, which he accepted and would be but too happy on any future occasion to place his services at their disposal in the manner in which he did that night, Mr. G. GATEHOUSE said he had to offer his best thanks as well as that of the assembly to the Stewards for the highly creditable manner and good judgment they exercised in so successfully promo; ting the comfort and entertainment of so large an assembly as met to amuse themselves that night. He could not help remarking that the whole pro ? c 'edings were carried out in so sociable and agree able a manner as if they had been at a private party of intimate friends. Mr. MOORE returned thanks on behalf of the Stewards, who felt a great pleasure that they were the recipients of the commendation of the entire assembly for the services they contributed towards the enjoyment of their friends and visitors. ' '_,. ANATOMICAL MUSEUM The Museum of illustrations which has for some weeks been exhibiting at the Royal Hotel in Liverpool-street. still continues to attract a considerable number of spectators, and in connection with it the proprietor has now opened an anatomical museum which comprises about 200 well executed wax models illustrative of various subjects in natural pinch sophy The museum is open to gentlemen only, and it,.: well worthy of a visit by those who are desirous, to gain information as to the internal organization of mankind. We need not in such a notice as the present enter into the minutes of the exhibition, suffice it to say that the models are extremly perfect, and useful, as illustrating the laws which regulate the differontfuuetion3 of the human frame, and lit a word impairing a knowledge as to the manner how, and the reason why we live." The principal models were we understand executed by Mr. Kreitmeyer, of Melbourne, a gentleman who has acquired some celebrity in this particular department of a ? . .-: DISCOVERY OF A SUBTERRANEOUS FOREST AT HULL. During the excivations'now progressing at the Victoria Dock extension works, at Hull, a discovery interesting to antiquarians has been made. In several places at a depth of about 32 feet from the surface, and beneath a seam' of sand, several feet in thickness, may be seen the remains of an ancient forest, held almost in a state of solution. In one instance the roof and part of the stem of an immense oak, about 20 foot in circumference, and in a good state of preset val ion, lies exposed, and as it is on a level with the bottom of the dock; it will probably continue in its original position till the end of time. The remains of the trunks of two other large trees have also been dug up, one, of which bears the evident marks of fire. In some instances the wood is mixed with clay, and mostly as black as ebony, and when cut by the workman's spades, soon as ambles into dust by the action of the air. The foreSt appears to have been of very great extent, for at present no limit has been found to its boundaries Wherever the excavations are continued the workmen still discover traces of its existence. It may not be uninteresting to' describe the geological condition of the strain. Clay is found to about 15 feet below the surface, and beneath that the above-mentioned seam of sand, which is followed by a stratum of sand of a moister nature, greatly mixed with cockle and other fresh- water shells, and then comes the seam containing the wood, wetter'Still. AMERICAN MILITARY COOKERY. That necessity is the mother of invention is clearly proved by a writer in the Western army. He tells us of an Illinois cavalry regiment, where every man is provided with two little pockets in his jacket, one of which is for salt and the other for copper. Each man also carried with him a small sack of two or three 1 pounds of flour. When they camp for the night, the nearest cor a-field supplies them with thousands of small' bake evens in the shape of corn husks. Each man procures an ear of corn with the husk still on it the husk is slightly parted at the top to allow the fingers to be inserted ; the ear is twisted around until it breaks loose at the bottom, and is then drawn out, leaving the husk a clear and coin, i plete cup.' ' In this the flour is mixed and seasoned, and, after closing the top of the husk again, it is buried in the hot ashes of the camp fire for half an hour, after which was drawn out, and the charred husk pulled off, disclosing a fresh hot roll. American. Paper. ' , , i A PRODUCTIVE VINEYARD. Mr. David Reid; or Barnawatha a, was mentioning to us the other day the results last season of a little batch of vines belonging to him. The area was a little over a third of an acre, planted with (100 vines, Be sold 'ft torn and a half of grapes ; he, his family, household, and friends, were eating the a perpetually as they ripened, and he believes, at least another ton were consumed in this way; and at last, From what was considered the refuse, and after no one could eat any more, he made 107 gallons of must, which will turn out Three hogsheads of wine. We have not heard any, thing to exceed this yet. Harder Post. ANTIQUITY OF MAN. Some doubts' have arisen as to the genuineness of the alleged discovery of human bone in the drift, Messrs Prestwich, Evans, and Taylor have paid a visit to M. Boucher de Bernales, for the purpose of comparing the new fools with previous discoveries. Mr. Evans is said to have been struck with the suspicious appearance of one of the flint-heaps. The axes appear to have been artificially stained and, on being placed in) water, they looked as if all the color would brush away. The general circumstances are said to have impressed the English geologists witlia'stvongfeeU rugs of uncertainty. No on o, of course, Jungun., pose that any part of the mytification-if floors should be any mystification in the, matter lies, at the door of M. Boucher de Perthes ; it is, however, feared that the rewards, proposed by that gentleman for the discovery, of human bones may have tempted him quarrymen into it discreditable trick. At all events, this new fact in the great controversy as to the antiquity of man requires to be set free from a very reasonable doubt.-Athenteum. ". SERMONS. If any one seeks to know Itow'fnr attendance at sermons is an act of vohtntary'Iiom'age to the preacher, and how far dictated by reference to custom and the dread of singularity, let him. observe a circumstance of frequent occurrence, on Sunday in the side aisles of many of the West End churches. There, where an over-arching gallery casts its friendly shadow, making a very dim religions light, under cover of which access is easy and unnoticed, he will too, on the conclusion of the prayer, one worshipper after another quietly slip away. This lieMninnd ii secession is decidedly on the increase. Though at present in its infancy, it is not without great significance. It is never protest, against the undue length of our Sunday cot vices. Saturday Kevine A SCENE IN THE House. The other evening the spin s of Sir De Lacy Evans entangled, some way or other, in the long logs of the Right Hon. F. Pool, the Financial Secretary to the Treasury, and the result was that he lost his balance and sprawled over the fact of the whole Cabinet ! Lord Palmerston most fortunately managed to got his * legs out of the way in time, and escaped disaster, but Mr. Milner Gibson's and the Chancellor of the Exchequer were sadly spurred although they good naturedly picked up the member for Westminister and set him upright Mr. Frederick Peel rubbed his shins, as well he might-an operation which occasioned no small amount of amusement to the occupants of the Treasury Benches opposite. THE GHOSTLY heard only the other day the story of the discovery of the manner in which the "ghost" was produced at the Polytechnic. The proprietors were no parties to Publishing the explanation, and indeed, discharged some of their sex wants whom they suspected of having betrayed it. It was discovered by an ingenious artizan in the audience, who, suspecting that it was managed, as it is, by reflection of an illuminated figure in a sort of common glass, feebly illuminated, and with a dark background behind, pitched a paper pellet towards the phantom, and saw it rebound from the glass, between the ghost and the audience. -JfnncÄMfer Titania, 