1I1E NEWS OF THE DAY. Both Housos of tho Legislature commenco their week's lubors this afternoon. Tho businoss in tho Council is rathor moro important than is usually tho case, as it includes tho second roading of tho Rail way Management Bill, and of tho Real property Act Ameudmont Bill ; tho third reading of tlio Mel bourne and Geelong Corporations Act Amoudmont Bill ; uud tho further consideration in committeo of the Morcautilo Law Amendment Bill. Tho business in tho Legislative Assembly is not only of an impor tant. but of an (Uiinrflfierlnnfnfl. r'ltn nirh'v An linn. member — Mr Wilson, of tho Wimmora — is sum moned to attoud in his placo to answer tho charge of having attomptod to bribo another lion, member — Mr Sinclair, of North Melbourno ; aud it is under stood that when this subject is brought to a termina tion, Mr M'Lclluu's motion, which lapsed on Thurs day oveuing last, will como on. Should there bo timo after, tho debate on tho second roading of tho Land Act Amendment Bill will bo rosutnod. Au effort is now being ma do to raiso tho necessary' funds for tho oroction of a Contral Metropolitan Voluntoor Ordorly Room. Tho want of such a room has long been felt, and as tho Government havo granted a sito, and tho Corporation have voted £250 for the purpose, it is hoped thut tho citizens will como forward in a liberal spirit and subscribe tho remaining sum necessary to accomplish tho work. Wo understand Captains Scott and Watson havo vo luntoored tlioir services to wait 011 tho inhabitants of Melbourno to advocato tho claims of tho volun teers, and wo trust tlicy will moot with a hearty re sponse. Looking at tho present critical state of affairs in Now Zealand, it is moro than probablo that the troops will leave Victoria and that tho vo lunteers will again bo callod upon to perform garri son duty. Undor theso circumstances, it certainly is not too much to oxpect that the public will pro vide thom with a proper orderly room. An advertisement in another column contains tho conditions upon which parties enn obtain laud, and settlo in tho military settlement in Now Zealand. It will bo seen that very considerable advantages are offered. Mr Harto, of 2 Queen stroot, Melbourno, also advertises that he will bo happy to give overy mioriuaiion 10 persons uusiroua 01 joining Lilt: jvuck land militia, and thoy aro requested to register tlioir names with him without delay. Colonel Pitt is ex pected hero on Friday, whon further particulars will bo given. A return of all tlio exports from tho port of Warr nambool, for tho six months ending tho 30th Juno last, is given by tho Examiner. Tho exports con sisted of 365 tons of flour, 78,186 bushels of wheat, 15,874 bushols bran, 2991 bushols of barloy, 5881 bushels of oats, 5031 tons of potatoes, 33 cases of eggs, 230 casks butter, 97 cases choeso, 301 bales of wool, 1428 hides, and 146 cases bacon. Tlio valuo of the exports is thus stated : — Flour, £1385 ; wheat, £15,100 ; bran, £750 ; barloy, £555 ; oats, £1320; potatoes, £20,130; eggs, £75; butter, £1805 ; choeso, £075 ; wool, £6020 ; hides, £510 ; bacon, &o.;, £3285 ; and hay, skins, bark, onions, and leather, £970. Total, £55,800. A large aud influential meeting of tho citizens of Melbourno was hold, last oveuing, in St. George's Hull, to tako into consideration tho present exor bitant prico of gas, as charged by tho two existing companies, to hoar Mr A. K. Smith's report to tho provisional committee, and adopt such measures as might seem desirablo to carry the suggestions con tained therein into effect. Mr Phillips occupied tho chair. His Worship tho Mayor had boon expected to preside, but ho declinod to do so on public grounds. When tho meoliug ojiened thoro must havo been over 1000 persons present, the most of whom woro largo consumers of gas. The tirst resolution desiguatod tho present prico as extortionate. The report was thou read. It sut forth clearly that tlio cost of tho gas depended t j a very great extent upon tho quantity consumod ; and that, if tho consumers' company started with tho pledged support of threo- fourths of tho prosent customers aud with a consumption of 80 millions of cubic feet per annum, tho gas could bo supplied at 10s lOd per thousand feot, besides paying a di vidend of 10 per contpor annum, laying aside £1600 for a reserve fund, uud twico that amount for de preciation or wear and tear fuud. Tho necessary capitul required for such a compauy would bo £100,000. That sum would not only erect all tho necessary works aud provido mains, etc., but would also supply services and meters free to at least 5000 customers. Mr Smith farther Bhowed that tho capital might bo raised by the consuinors within tho city, who numbered nearly 4000, if they each took up six or seven shares of £5 each, and a loan was obtained. On tho motion of Mr Randle, a resolution was then proposed condemning the Collingwood Company for the gross breach of faith which thoy had com mitted, in combining with tho Melbourno Company to raise tho prico. It was also agreed that tho secretary of tho committee should bo instructed to write to both tho companies, requesting thom to reduco tho price to 12s Od per thousand feot, and, iu the oveut of tlieir refusing to do so, tho moot ing plbilged itsolf immediately to form and support a consumers' company. Tho meeting thon adjourned until the second of next month, in order that the determination ot tllQ C0tni,alli03 UkigUt h-i MC?r-- tftiUQcl A public meeting, culled for tlio purpose of con sidering what steps could bo taken for the establish ment of a Christian mission among tlie natives at ?Cooper's Creek, was lield in tho Mechanics' Insti tute, yesterday evening. His Excollcncy tho Go vernor presided, and 'expressed tho deep interest which ho frit in tho subject, and tho satisfaction with which he anticipated ho would reflect on tho fact that ono of liis last acts in this colony was to take part in such a meeting. A resolution in favor of tho establishment of a mission in connection with tlie Moravian church was adopted, and a consider able sum was collected at the meeting for the pur pose. Tiio cases disposed of at tho Criminal Sessions, held yesterday, wero mostly of a potty and unin teresting charactcr. Several prisoners wero con victed of larceny and similar offences, but wero ro manded for sentenco. Two men named Towns and Bowio, who wero charged with burglary, pleaded guilty to illegally receiving tho stolen property, and wero sentenced to three years' hard labor on the roads. A farmer named Workman was charged with stealing tho carcaso of a bullock from the Molton Farmers' Common. His defence was that tho bullock had died of plouro- pnoumonia ; that ho removed tho carcaso to prevent tho disease from . spreading ; lie gave tho flesh to his pigs, and kept the hide for tho owner when ho should bo found. The jury sustained this defenco, and tho prisoner was acquitted. An adjourned meeting of the Board of Agriculture was held yesterday, but no business of any import ance was transacted. A long conversational discus sion on tho conflicting character of somo of the byo laws took placo, and, on the motion of Mr Shorwin, it was agreed that tho byo- laws should bo reconsi dered and amended by tho council, and that the now codo should bo submitted to an adjourned moot ing of tho board, to bo held on the lGtli of Septem ber noxt. The chairman stated that, at tho adjourned meeting, Dr Macadam would make some observa tions on tho chemical composition of certain soils that he had analysed and reported en to tho board. The meeting then adjourned. Two men named Grimes and Craig woro com mitted for trial at tho Police Court, yesterday, for stealing nineteen sides of upper leather from Mr Peardon's tannery on tho Flemington road. Thoy wero caught with tho leather in their possession, which was rolled up into separate swags and covered with a bluo blaukot, as they wero coming into town with it early on tlio morning of tho 9tli inst. On boing questioned by the constable as to tho contents ? of tho swags, they immediately dropped them and boltod, but after a short chase thoy wore both .socurod. Another man was also along with thom, but lio succoeded in escaping. Tho leather they had stolen was worth about £17. A man named Williams was charged at tlio City Court, yesterday, with stoaling a cheque for £131 2s 9d, from a Mr Ryan, in Juno last. There was no ? evidence whatever against liim, further than that he brought tho chequo a few days boforo to Messrs Dograves and Co., by whom it was drawn and paid to Ryan, who resides in tho interior, and said that ho had found it on tho Flemington read, and wished some reward for his trouble. As tho story seemed a very likely ono, and thero was nothing whatover known against tho prisoner, lie was discharged. Four of tho men arrested for taking part in tho lato railway riot at Bendigo, woro, on Saturday last, brought boforo tho Sandhurst Police Court, and committed for trial. Tho City Coroner hold an inque.-c, yesterday, at East Collingwood, on tho body of John Quin, a child aged eight months, who had boon accidentally suffo cated on Sunday morning. Mrs Reid, in whoso chargo tho deceased liad been for tlio last tlireo weeks, said sho put him to bed about six o'clock on Saturday evening, at which timo ho appeared to bo in good health. Tho deceased slopt in a cradle by himself. Ho woko np about midnight, when witness gavo him somo food, and laid him down again. Sho Baw nothing moro of him until about seven o'clock next morning, and tlicn going to look at him, sho found him lying as if in a fit. Sho ran for a neigh bor, and on hor return tho child, although warm, was quite dead. Tho eyes woro staring, and tho mouth open. Dr.Wliitcomb, by whom a post-mortem exami nation of tho body had been made, stated that it presented no marks of violenco. Ho found nothing to obstruct air-passages. Tho organs were generally iti a healthy condition. Ho was of opinion that tho causo of death was accidental suffocation. Tho jury found accordingly. Referring to tho approaching election for tho Eastern Province, tho Gipps Land Times, of Friday, .has' tho following: — 'Wo daro say that a dozen persons in Gipps Land aro awaro that, on tho 15th inst. (Saturday), the nomination of a representative for tho Eastern District will tako placo in Seymour. The first information which wo get of this is by tho ?Government Gazotto, which arrived hero yester day, tho 13tli, and, consequently, for all electioneer ing purposes, North Gipps Land is virtually dis franchised. This is now tho third election which has taken place for the Eastern Province within tho last twelve months, and wo havo not had tlio power, bo our inclination over so groat, to nominate a can ?didato for any ono of them. Registering a voto for tho Council in Gipps Land is so much wasto of money, and every man that does so is robbed of a .shilling.' Storekeepers and othors should bo on their guard .against taking counterfeit coin. Tho Ballaarat Star ? states that, on Saturday last, several Jbad half-crowns were passed upon shopkeepers and publicans in tho Maui road and elsewhere. In tho Insolvent Court, yestorday, certificates of discharge were ordored to be issued to tho following insolvents : — Joliu Straclian, Christopher Keaston, J. W. Hulmo, Thomas Crawford, Robert Thomas, C. C. Gardiner, and Thomas North. The certificato of Edward Butler, publican, of Melbourno, was re fused on tho grounds that tho insolvent had kept no record of his business transactions, and that ho had given to certain creditors an unjust preference. The Dunolly Express announces that, after tho 27tli inst., that journal will bo published twice a week instead of once as heretofore. Tho foundation stone of a Hall for tho Manchester Unity of Odd Follows will bo laid by his Excel lency Sir Henry Barkly this afternoon at four ? o'clock opposite tho Public Library in Swanston streot. The Order will attend in full regalia, and no doubt the coromony will bo au imposing ono. In ?tho evening tho event will bo colebrated by a bouquet at tlio Australia Felix Hotel, Russell -street. Tho Polytechnic Ghost patentod by Mr L. L. Smith was presentod at tho Princoss's Tliealro last evening to a large uudionco in a new drama 1'daptod by Mr Fawcett from Miss E. M. Braddon's novel ' Tho Captain of tho Yultnro,' Wo aro unavoid ably compelled to defer a detailed notico of tlio play until another issuo. 