THE NEW ZEALAND WAR, (From the Correspondent of the 6". M. Herald.) Auckland, -2Sth September, ISG-'i. FUKEKOIIE. The most hardly contested, and probably by far the most deadly of these fights to the natives, took place on the 14th at Pukekohe. The natives had evidently kept an eye for some time upon this place, as" they carefully timed their attack so as to allow the convoy which had come up on the Saturday, to go down again on Monday morning, without showing any signs ot w... pre sence. As soon, however, as the natives k"2iv that they were fairly gone, and nothing but a garrison of '25 volunteers left at the stockade, they began a fierce attack in great force, their numbers being at least 000 men. The small gar rison resisted stoutly, and returned the fire with spirit, keeping the Maories from attempting an actual escalade. The heavy and continuous firing was soon heard at other camps and posts on the south road about four or five miles off, and de tachments of small force was sent out from several of these. As these gradually arrived at the scene of action the fight became more equal, and in the afternoon was waged almost on a per fect equality : one party being in the clearing, and the other under cover of the edge of the bush. The fallen logs afforded excellent cover for our men, and the vast superiority of our marksmanship Has soon apparent. Before evening we had fully one hundred and fifty men upon the ground, and the natives seeing that they were about to be charged made off, taking with them as usual ail the killed and wounded they could venture to reach without fear of being themselves shot. Xo wounded men whatever fell into our hands, but the bodies of nine natives were taken and buried which had fallen too far within range for their comrades to remove. Very many were seen to fall who were dragged off into the bush : and the most moderate estimate of the native killed anil wounded makes it at least fifty men. Our own loss was three men killed and seven wounded in the engagement, which was wonderful little when it is considered that it lasted nearly a whole day, and the firing never ceased during the whole time, and was so heavy as to be distinctly heard over a district of man}- miles in extent. The whole district has since been placed under the able command of Colonel Nixoo, the Commander of the Colonial Dcfence Force, who, with a flying column of between two and three hundred men. is constantly traversing it in search of natives. It appears that this has frightened the Maories across the \Vraikato, as there are manifold traces of their exodus in great numbers, at a favorite cros=ing- place. Their return must of course be provided against, but in the mean time it is no trifling moral advantage to have driven them headlong out of such a stroHghold as this bush afforded. THE INTER-COLONIAL RIFI.E MATCH does not take place until to-morrow. It will occupy two days. The telegram (Greville and Bird's) pub lished in our yesterday's issue, to the effect that the Victorian team had suffered a defeat, is there fore not to be relied upon. SEBASTIAN.-There is a report that new ground has been opened at Sebastian, but no particulars hare as yet reached us. Should the news prove true, matters will look livelier in that quarter than they have been for some time. CAVALRY INSPECTION.-To-morrow afternoon Colonel Ro«s will meet the Sandhurst and Castle maine Horse, at Kavenswood. A number of manoeuvres will be gone through. The scarlet jackets arc expected to muster in full force, and it has been buzzed about that there will be a fair attendance of the fair sex and of male civilians on this auspicious occasion. The rendezvous will be very near the Ilavenswood Station. Two in the afternoon is the hour appointed for meeting. CERTIFICATE GRANTED.-On Monday, Mr. G. S. O'Loughlin, insolvent, received a certificate of discharge. COURT OF MIXES.-Causes under £100 for hearing this day :-Jackson v. Holmes and others. Appeals-Jackson and Co. v. Masters and Co, Gunther v. Klackwell and others. LTCEUM THEATRE.-"The Haunted Life" was performed last evening in a manner to create a deep interest on the part of the audience, who manifested their feelings unmistakeably. There is that in the drama which cannot fail to produce an impression. It is one of those real ghost stories that causes the breath to be held, and the spectator to sit in mute and rlread expectation. The various performers acted their parts so as to draw forth the hearty approbation of the audi ence, and the scenery and mechanical effects were greatly admired. The appearances of the appa ritions were perfect, except at the last scene, ?when a slight contretemps occurred, which caused the ghost to disappear suddenly in a cloud of smoke, something or other having accidently caught fire. Fraulein Fannie's dancing in the ballet of " Amarosa" was full of graceful motion and abandon, which had charms for the on-lookers. The Leopold Brothers, too, shared in the ap plause. The ballet company are clever dancers, and their most difficult performances are gone through with an apparent ease that is surprising, .while their comic dances never fail to raise a hearty laugh. To-night the spectral drama will be repeated, after which the old English comedy of "Tom and Jerry" will be produced, to give an opportunity for an exhibition of sparring talent between two noted prize-fighters, Mat. Hardy arid Alf. M'Laren. The laughter-pro voking ballet of " The Dancing Scotchman " will conclude the evening's performances. 