EXTENSIVE BoBDtnï ATXITTLE BI van- On Salar, day night laat one of lbs boldest* and roost Impudent robberies took plsee at Sergesot's Point, Little Elver tbst ever wa»;perpetrated in this distiiot, or perbspstor tbs olean, BOOO. (sfal manner in wbl:b it was done, »ny. «here ilse in tbe colony, Abont ni e o'clock Hr, Q»r nett, the storekeeper of that plaoe, was boying gold in the store, and on sendlog bis wife with it to tbs patent iron safe, to ber astonishment she found that tbe aafe was no 1'oger where ehe had left it but ? qnarter of an. boor before, and where it always stood, in a room behind the bar. She immediately apprised ber husband of tba startling circumstance, and tbe eonolosion was nat long io being come lo, that it had been walked off wilb by some pa ties ip the ab-eiee, for a very brief lime, of any one io the bar. Mr. Garnett immediately gave Ibe alarm, and informed Senior constable Thompson and constable Gilder of the occurrence. Publie indignation was so gre t at tbis startling robbery that ia a v ry abort time there were upwards cf thirty meo ont scouring the ba Bb lo all dlreotions tor tbe misairig oheat, ond Ibe pirties who t sd carried it sway. The suspicion : was en. tsitained by ooo or t<o persons thal tbe robbers bad bidden with tbeir booty io the oborob at tbe back, as the door of tbat ? building was lound ;o bs fastenrd, an un- usual occurrence, and search,,was immediately made therein, but without finding anything. Every one Iben, S9 welles tbe darkness of the night woold perrni', made strict esarob about the bosh in tba neighbourhood, bnt all 'o no aval -no robbers or oh»st were to bj discovered, aid constables Thompson snd Oildsr, with,parties of men .ure ont in all directions »Il night without any better sacases. At four o'clock the next morning Gilder rode < ? oto Braidwood and reported the matter lo sergeant Duffy, bat as far as we can learn no lidio**» of tba rob. be» bave yet been obtained, Tbe circumstances anser Tfbloh this robbery wee ar remitted woald almoHt ineliae persons to think ilse inpossibility bsd it not happened1. Tbe robbert (for tbere roast hsve been more than one. lo carry away an iron safe weighing nearly two cari.) had to go bebind the bar and ioto a room leading therefrom, and ibis at tbe very busiest time that contd be abosen, when tbe diggers from a'l directions usually oome in to sell their go'd, buy their supplies, and bave ? gla;s together. There were tnirty or forty men about wben M-. Garnett gave the alarm tbat be was robbed, and when he eaid ' it bad not happened more than ten minutes everyone felt sore,' seeing tbe difBoulty of making away witb snob a load in BO abort a time, tbat it would ba recovered and the'robbers captured, end a regular ."tally-bo" waa started, and nota few gnna and pistols were foi blabed op, whatever use they might have been pat to bsd those possessing tbem dropped soross tbe game, were certainly tbe esme of a -naldera,hie terror to otben engaged in the boor, and many were (be forebod-. inge tbat ibis or (bat blunderbass would go tff at half cook, and that somebody would be winged in plaoe of the robbers.; No supp eton can be attaeoed to any parties ss to ibis mysterious robbery-no bad characters or strange faees can be renumbered larking about pre* vlously, to its taking p1to°. The impres ion seems to be tbat lt has been the Obinese who have dine li, and it.is said ' (bat one notorious obs noter amoigst them waa abjeot from bis boase oo Sundsy, but tbi i is a mere eonjeetore. Tbl* ia the' second time we believe (bat Mr, Garnett bas been robbed, although on tbe previous oe ea- ston he recovered a portion of bia property planted in the neighbourhood ot bis bouse. We hope tbat a ai mi- llar recovery will again be vouchsafed to him, for we are' »ure tbeohest must bs somewhere io toe ' neighbour- hood; if the eiraomsteooes narrated are oorreot, lt ean never have been carried off the digging». Mr, Garnett, we understand, estimates bis loss at sboot £360. There woe in Ibe ebest, be states, beside» money, 49 oonxs of gold, and a quantity of jewellery and a numlet of witches.-Druidtcood Uitpa'ch. December 0. , Tba Interest taken by tbe pabilo io Professor Baabell'i eleeircblologioal entertainment, in tbe PolyteobnJo Insulate, eootlnnes anebled. Lett evening tbs institute waa erovded almost lo auaTocation, and moos- had again to ba i i-f bled at tbs docta from a number who could not be ereommodated io the room. Among the persona opetated npon were ai y «ral well known in tbe eily, one of them belog a poblioan of old Blandina/. , Io tbe ooaree of cert week it is intended to light np tbe interior of the loatitale with the elestris light, wbloh bas now been aérerai ttmea shown outside, and on the ocoaslon a Koinie will be d< livered on it by tbe manager, Mr, Francie.-Melbourne Age. j Among tbe oddities of tba day is the establishment rf a ghost club-nor, as might be supposed, a olub for tbe assemblage of genial apltits, bat an institotion for tho organmed ipsearob into the possibility of a traveller re* turning from these bournes to wbloh we all look forward Wi b interest, 