WILLIAM PINNOCK. Lru; William Pinnook wns-^ii v't/'-' oHoi'rihl'"1''-' cbaracter. He commenced his litptai-v'f.-nreer'■1 in a small way as a sc! o»l-mnst<>r,' in Hiirnp* • • shire—-I think itr, Alton—ne.ir which another remarkable man, William Cobb-tr, whs also ; produced. It was in this occupation tlmt the ne.siLrn of the Catechisms wassuggested to his i nn<l be. was not long in carrying ■ the ' ' experiment into effect. Provincial success, as usuhI, pointed to London a-! tlie grand thcatro whereon to this promising a. I venture, and in conjunction with his brothef-;>-'aw and executive literary coajntor, Air. Maunder a publishing house was established in 'the metropolis. Fur two or three years the partners were publishers of I he Literary Gzeitu, which served to extend (heir con nections; being- then, like their own concern, started ns a novel triid of popular taste, to ascertain bow far the frequent issue-'of a periodical embracing the latest misceraneo'ns ' intelligence of literature, science, and fine arts, might hope for general snppoit. This ex I,e'"-hi.int. liUe their own, was pre-eminently successful, and the example it set, and the course it opened, ha< also been very advan tage nisly followed out, both as regards tin; public and the imna.tors of the original pattern \--with or without amendments. Meanwhile the Catechisms multiplied, and fully answered • their purpose. They did not aim iu too much. 1 bey were concise; and they possessed the real excellence which --'light to belong- to every woik ot tuition: tliey be-an at the beginning, ' and did not take it for "-ranted that the learner was nlrra !y acquainted with so much it was unnecessary to teach. They multiplied and embraced many and very various subjects. I'rom the teaching for tlus Peasant's Cottage to the teaching from Herald's College, there was no remissness in th« flow oft bo instructive stieam ; and issues, and re- issues enrich the catalogues of eminent publishers to this dnv. Education for the people lias now become a • great national question. Whatever differences of opini n there may be on oilier parts ot the ; question, I am free to express my opinion, that under any system, the productions of Pinnock and Maunder may be ino-t beneficially em ployed. Soon, condensed Hi-tories* were superadded to tho Catechisms, and, for that time, I may state tliey were carefully edited. At, least I can vouch I'or one Goldsmith's ' Klngland " which at tho request of Pinnock and Maunder, I examined critically, and could not detect any appreciable, number of rlpubtful points or sericus errors. Ex una dhce oninex. I believe equal pains were bestowed upon tbe rest, and their reception was extraordinary. I' I am not mistaken, the' profit upon the volume I have mentioned, amounted to above ,i'20C0 in one ypar. The ball of fortune was at his feet; but VVillia:ii Pinnock was imprude it, and h {kicked it away. If ever the spirit of speculation'was . iujarnated in a human body, it filled every vein and pulse in bis frame. With the old poet, Wither, (and ''wither" would have - heen a too appropriate forewarning shadow,) hd might repeat :: " Tlmt from every thing I saw, X could some invention draws" ■ ; , and so be never ceased to attempt something ;! new-something- out. of the common way. With a large income, and very modi-rate ' expenditure, i' would seem fabulous to tell by what, absurdities this otherwise extremely clever tn iti got rid or his very considerable emoluments, and plunged himself into dif ficulties. One instance may serve. He took it into b s head to fancy tb it an immense sum might be realized by a monopoly of the w iod for veneering-. An elaborate cn'cula'ion of the furniture in wbicb it was used, and especially' piano-fortes, followed the idea, and afford.-d the most satisfactory conclusions. The next s ep was a visit to all the principal repositories of the article, and even to vessels in the river and docks, and tbe pm chase ol all that could be got. But the furniture-making- an 1 the piano-forte building went on the *uum as ever, ■ and tbeie was no demand for Pinnock's veneer at advanced prices ; so as be could not sell it at a profi , he bi'ook himself to tbe manufac ture of tb.' music-d instruments to wo k it up, an I he lost, as he confessed, a mint of money upon the eg-regions speculation. It was by this and similar outbreaks that a most pro ductive and increasing business was dissipated an.i lost. Tho close was melancholy. Driven wild by bis failures, poor Pinnock witnessed tbe <a!n ot his copyrights—tbe mere wreck of which enriched ssveral great creditor bouses, and yelds valuable returns to this day—and sank into a low est: te, ever busy with some thing, but having- lost, tli3 power of doing anything. Project after project vanished ; ye" he was withal a well-meaning- and honest man, apparently ruined by an extdtaMe, tempera m nt. which it would pu/.^le the wisest physio logist to explain.— Leisure Hour. Caufoiini \n Vkgrtabli's. — Victorian ;i'aiilui"is and farmers will read 'lie followmg' with interest:—Cabbages weighing l;>Ib aiv wonders in fsrew York market ; in Sim Francisco tliey are co nmoi. Whole fields of \:ub iag-u heads weighing tiOlU each have been grown. One eabl age, which did not make head, urew to be 7 fe-t wile, throwing; out leaves 3 fe-t 6 inch's long- mi each sido. In many eases tli; .c.abb igv. lias b-en converted into a po.eaial evei'^-reeu, tree like plant, by ■ pre.venting- it froai eve! e o'U'_r t-o seed. Several of these are grow n-r in t n State w th stalks from 2 feet, to 0 ;eet hi^b, ami a foliag-e that grows through winter a::,I cummer. In 1857 one squash vine -••m the ranch of James Simmons, in \ nl.w County, produced jyj squashes, weighing in all L'COUb. Li the same yea' J. Q. A. Ballon, at San Jose, grew two squad.cs w-igbing 2101b anil 3041b r«sp"crividy. The largest Califoniian onion w. gh d -1,-oz avoirdupois, and iiieasurud 22 immes in pir.uimloivnca. The largest red beet U'i ig'ied 1181b, whs 5 feet long and 5 fb"t in diameter. It was t'n-ee years old. The first' year it grew to w igh 48ib, and because' of its larg-e sizit was leseivuil for seed; but it disappointed its owner, nnd in-tead -j! produc ing seed the next year tuaroly kept on growing and reached the >ize of 86Ih, and the following year^got to 1181b. Such beets can-be grown in abundance. "Foolscap."—Everybody knows what " foolscap" paper is , but they would be puzzled to tell bow it came to bear tbat singular cognomen. When Charles I. found bis revenues short, he granffd certain privilege?, amounting' to monopolies; and among- these was the manufacture of paper, the exclusive right of which was sold to certain parties, who grew rich, and enriched the government at the expense of those who were obliged to use paper. At this time all English paper bore in wat«r marks the royal arms. The Parliament under Cromwell made iests of this law in every conceivable manner; and, among other indignities to the memory of Charles, it was ordered that the royal arras be retnovpd from the paper, and the fool's cap and bells be substituted. These were also removed when the Rump Parliament .was prorogued; but paper of the size o). the parliamentary journals still bears the name of foolscap." Garibaldi.—A Turin letter in the Nurem-. berg Currexprndent states chat a few days ago a party of 25 Englishmen arrived at Caprera to pay their respects to Garabaldi. The latter thanked them very warmly for the proof of their sympathy, but at the same time expressed his regret at only being able to receive two of tbe purly, the state of his health still requiring repose. Since 1859, 160 steamers have touched at Caprera, where forme-ly no vessel ever stopped, and more than 16,000 prrsons . have landed. Four Neapolitan vessels bear the name of Garibaldi. The General is god- | father to 4,500 children, and 2000 boys have received his name. During the last three years he has received presents to tbe value of 16,000f. The majority of them are agricul tural implements, chiefly from England. During the same period be has refused other gifts representing a value of nearly one million. Garibaldi is honorary burgess of ninety .cities and towns, and honorary president of 120 associations. He has 21 swords of honor, ol which 11 have been sent from abroad. Since 1859, 3000 addresses of devotedneis have been sent to him. In consequence of the improvements introduced into tbe cultivation of the land which he possesses at Cnprera, his annualrent flora it now ^amounts to 3000f. Originally it was: almost nothing. Salmon ova, it appears, can be preserved in ice for a lengthened period. The Field has the following communication on this subject under the heading •' Salmon to Australia';:— " I have just received the following highly satisfactory report of the freezing experiments from Tennant,—F. T. Buckland.—' On tbe 17th of April Mr. Youl gave me thirty-five eggs that had been in the ice ninety days I put.them in the. hatching box' next morning. On the 22nd, in some of them the eyes weie fully developed, and they began to hatch out on the 28th of April, and' finished batch ingfith May; twenty-six young ones and nine bad.eggs. The young fish are not fo large as tl.ose whose incubation ha? not been retarded by freezing, but still they are very lively little fish,—J. Tennant (Fish House, Zoological Gardens)." ' Cuaious Case of Poisoning.—The upas tree, a native of Java, is so well-known in that island, for its deleterious qualities that it is j generally called the poison tree. There aie. we believe, only two species, the upas antiar and the upas tieute, both of which yield a milky juice with which weapons are poisoned. The Abeille Midicale states that a short time ago a scientific gentleman at Berlin received a small quantity of the condensed juice of the upas, and resolved to try the effects of it upon himself. One afternoon he accordingly took three grains ol this drug, which he found very birter and rather saltish. Immediately after wards iie felt extremely gay, and a bad head ache which he had at the time disappeared; I but after a while he experienced a sensation of oppression in the stomach. Nevertheless he had the imprudence to go outj on turning a corner he became aware of a considerable stiffness, along the spine j this was about half an hour after having taken the poison. An hour later, whiln taking a cup of coffee, he felt a violent shock thioughout his: body and stiffness at the extremities; at the same time his head was thrown backwards, he lost all: power of speech, but his i. ental faculties re mained .unimpared. There was a slight remission of these symptoms for a few minutes, and then a fresh a*tack came on and this continued until the patient at length succeeded in expressing" a wish to be taken to the hospital of La Charity. As he was b^ing helped downstairs to get into a carriage a new attack impeded bis progess, but,during tbe diive he had none, although the slightest shake seemed sufficient to bring it on. These attacks were attended with but little pain j deglutition was very difficult, and the patient it It- very weak. After every attack the muscular system relapsed into inertness. At .the hospital emetics were imtnfcJiately administered to expel the poison, if any re maiiud; tbe vomiting was attended with sud den starts, spasms in the glottis, and difficulty ol breathing; the fatter symptom, however, soon subsided. The pulse was at 72. Thirty drops of laudanum were administered at the rata of 10 every quarter of an hour, and then 30 more in three parts, at intervals of half an hour. The patient fell asleep, but was. often awakened by tbe contraction of the muscles of the hack and neck. Laudanum was again administered, and sleep returned. On the following morning the patient felt very weak, but only complained ot stiffness in the lelt muscles of the neck; the pulse was at 66 Wine and light food was now-given instead of medi< ine, and on the sixth' day the patient left the hosnital perfectly recovered.—Qaliq narii's Messenger. Professor Pepper's Ghost—One of the most successful caterers for public amusement in London is Professor Pepper. When the faster holidays come round people invariably ask what he has brought out at the Polytech nic Institution ? Last season his most suc cessful bit was a lecture on the chemical substances used for the protection of female dresses from fire. A lay figure was attired in the dress usually worn and burnt to a cin der; a living woman was dressed in the same fasion with prepared materials, and exposed her'clothes to contact with fire in such a way as to prove their incombustibility. This year he has made a still more successful hit. He now exhibits a ghost! A stage is erected in the lecture hn.II, the curtain is- drawn, aad discloses a dimly lighted roam described as a study. A living- man walks about on the stage. I he ghost makes his appearance near him, and is proved to be spectral by the visi ble failure of all attempts to grasp it. The explanation for a time baffled the most in genious, but it has now been given. A sheet of plate-glass crosses the stage in front of the living actor who is trying to clutch the shadow. In front of the plate-glass is sus pended the form of the ghost which, like a thin gauze curtain, is .transparent from within hut white from without. The image of (his object is reflected from the glass to the spec tutors so as to seem to them as far behind the glass as it is in reality in front of it. As the object is transparent on their side thpy are unable to detect the source of the illusion. The contrivance is exceedingly ingenious, and has redeemed for Professor Pepper the popu larity he lost during the rejoicings,, of, last month, by his unsuccessful attempt-to illumi nate St Paul's. The ghost is protected by :fv patent; but the difficulty of managing ,tjie apparatus, and more particularly the lime light, must prevent the adoption of.the device by the sensation dramatists Nevertheless, "a patent ghost" is one of the objects to be had on hire in London, and may serve the purpose of the spiritualists better than any mechanical contrivance they have yet em ployed to gull the English public.—London Correspondent of Inverness Courier. How Information is Conveyed to the Confederates.—A Washington de spatch of the 24th April says:—"Intelligence was received here to-day, of an important ar rest at Falmouth, the head quarters of the army of the Potomac. No doubt hasjesisted for a long time that the rebels ;have some secret means of knowing everything that transpired within our.lines, and that- such in formation wasinstantaneously conveyed. Gene ral Patrick, the provost-maj-shal of the army of the Potomac, was determined that the secret should be brought to light. The guards stationed along the river bank and in situa tions favorable for signals have been constant ly enjoined to nse the utmost care and watch fullness to discover and expose the iniquitous system. Yesterday their efforts were crowned with success. One of the guards in the town of Falmouth, stationed outside a dwelling ad joining the brick church on the river bank, heard the clinking like that of a telegraph in-, strument. He advised bis superior officers, and was directed to enter the house and in vestigate. This was cone and, on opening the door, he discovered a party of four or five persons, one of whom was seated at. a tele graph instrument, sending messages by a sub marine wire across the Rappahannock.. They, were all arrested, and, as their offence is of extraordinary atrocity, a just and speedy pun ishment, will doubtless be at once meeted out to them. This punishment, according to the laws of war, is death by hanging1.";, , 