THE GREAT STAR CASE. MB. WARDEN WEBSTER haa found a champion in the solicitor who had at one time the great case of Mary Star, aged seven years, in hand. Mr. John Blackwell Helm has rushed in continently into print, -with doubtless the' best: possible intentions towards the gentleman whose cause ho espouses. His zeal, however, has more than outrun, his discretion. The letter written by Mr. J. B. Helm appearing in another co lumn, the few remarks we propose making there upon need not be supplemented by- any legtliy extract from that precious production. Putting for a moment on one side the "lecture upon the proper mode of .conducting a journal, the pretty little inuendoes with which the epistle is inter spersed, and the evident disinterestedness of tho accomplished scribe "who has honored us with liis attentions, weshall doubtless bo borne with if we address ourselves, in brief, to the case of Mary Star.' Mr. ;Helm says, in substance,, that Sir. Warden Webster had no choice in the committal or non-committal of -.the little girl, on the charge of having set fire to the tent of a miner named ; Robert William's, by which fire-hero the figures have a great assumption of accuracy quite nine pounds sterling (£9) damage was done. Mr. Webster, it appears, referred the case to the Attorney- General, sending down a copy of the depositions and "a statement of his own as to the facts, and the gross ignorance of the boy, who was tho only witness of the transaction." The reply was, that the magistrate had no alternative, but must convict the little child for trial. Now, having a very high respect for any opinion which Mr. Higinbotham gives, we should certainly like to be made acquainted with the statement made to him by Mr. Warden Webster. It seems almost inconceivable that sucli a ridiculous affair, so entirely unsupported by evidence, should jhave, in the first instance, been made the subject of a " case stated " for the opinion of the Crown Law Officers. On Mr. Helm's own showing, the whole thing hinged upon the unsupported testimony of a, boy who was so grossly ignorant as not to be acquainted with the nature of an oath. Tliis, Mr. Webster, of course, knew, or lie would not have commented upon tho said boy's ignorance in his report to the Attorney-General. It would have redounded to the credit of the great paid and the great unpaid had they set on foot an inquiry whether the " ignorant" boy did not himself set fire to the tent. Under the circumstances there was no necessity what ever for reference to the Attorney-General. The concluding " bunkum," in Mr. Helm's letter, about attacking " an absent man'" is too puerile to merit the slightest notice. In deed, upon the whole, we are of opinion that Mr. Helm's letter so far answered itself and justified our comments upon Mr. Webster's committal of the "mite of a child," that yre owe an apology to our readers for occupying so much space with the subject. THE MAIL STEAMER Madras had not becii telegraphed at the Otway when our correspon dent's letter left Melbourne last evening. MIXI.VG os THE STREETS.-At the General Com mittee Meeting of the Council, yesterday, it was agreed that the maximum size ot claims should be three chains, while the time allowed for working them was fixed at six months. T?ENEvnr.£VT A cvr.ii.M.--Jn our. issne of the J3th instant, we omitted in our report of the Benevo lent Asylum Committee meeting the name of Air. J. C. M'Causland, J.P., who was present during the transactions. DBAWIXG.-We have been requested to draw attention to an advertisement which announces that Mr. Brown, of Eaglehawk, will open a draw ing-class shortly in Sandhurst. A favorable sample of work done by one of his pupils, in the better portion of which the master's hand is "visible, has been sent to us for inspection. WELL ox THE OLD MA:; PLAINS.-We are glad to see that Messrs. Power, Rutherford and Company have invited tenders for the sinking and slabbing of a well on the Old Man Plains, and that a premium of one hundred pounds will be given for the discovery of available water. SHEEI'WASII DIGGINGS.-The diggers in Native 1 Bear Gully are expressing great indignation at the attempts of puddlers to monopolise the old ground there; applications for puddlers' claims having been made for ground that is stated will give em- | pioyment to some forty tub-and-cradle men for a month or more, and who are working in the neighbourhood. In George's Gully new ground has been opened, and from the bottom of.one hole 15 dwts. were taken. There are reports of a rush ; Sn the Emu Creek. MB. SIIADRACH JOKES, lately our townsman, paid a flying Visit to Sandhurst on Thursday." He is full of the expected visit of the All England j Eleven to Otago, and, as our readers are aware, has already concluded arrangements to that effcct with Mr. George Marshall. His intention, we understand, is to play two matches in Dunedin, and one at Christcfcurch. The final match in > Dunedin is to be between two elevens to be se-j lectec] by two of the All England Cricketers. It will be something like the Surrey and World! match, which created so much interest in Mel- j bourne the season before last. We wish Mr.1 Jones success in his plucky enterprise. BKMBIGO BENEVOLENT ASTLUM.-The usual weekly committee sat on Thursday, at four p.m..' Present-James Burnside (in the chair),' Thomas Gullock, George Aspinall, and Edward Garsed, hon. secretary. Applications-Eight families were I awarded, relief in kind, tho residence of three cases was confirmed on hon. medical officer's re port, and one case. (A'Check, a Chinese) was ad mitted, subject to hon. medical officer's report. | The relief of three families was discontinued. The ' Superintendent's report was received. Other j minor matters were discussed, the Superintendent was instructed, and the meeting closed. j LYCEUM THEATRE.-The romantic nautical ? drama of " The Lonely Man of the Ocean" was' revived last night at the Lyceum Theatre with considerable success. We see that to-night, for j the first time, will be produced a drama from the pen of Mr. Cox. The piece, which is called ''TheJ Haunted Life,'' is partly founded on a story which appeared in a. late number of Temple Bar. The principal object of the drama is for the introduc tion of the ghost, which will be placed on the! stage this time, not in a comical point of view, j but as the terrifying representation of the more 1 horrible, and consequently of the more legitimate characters assumed by spectres from the other world. As far as mechanical and illusory effects we believe the ghost raised by the management in the piece to-night will be more of a real repre sentation of the unreal shadow than that brought from Melbourne some weeks since. ACCIDENTAL DEATH.-On Monday night, a party of miners were drinking together in a shanty near Hyde's Store, on the Ironbark road. They left after dark, one of the party, who'appears, only to have been known by the name of Jack, a Swiss, leaving them on the road to go home. No thing more was heard of the man, until on Thurs day afternoon, when two miners, happening to look' down one of the shafts on the Advance Company's groiipd on the Victoria Reef, saw a coat some little distance down the shaft. They were in duced to go down, when they found the body of the man. The skull appeared to have been frac tured by the fall. It is supposed that the de ceased, who was intoxicated when he left his friends, fell into the shaft, which was near the road to his tent. The shaft is between seventy and eighty feet in depth. 