THE THEATRES. ' : \V THEATRE ROYAL. The great attraction at this house hag been ' Macbeth,' produced on Saturday evening and played' successively live nights. The production, having regard to the union of dramatic excellence in the acting, the artistic rendering of the music and the scenery, decorations and1 appointments of the sta^e, is one of the most splendid of the Theatre Royal revivals, since Mr Barry Sullivan undertook the manage ment. Mr Sullivan's Macbeth, though not equal to other1 , of his Shakspearian illustrations, is a fine' and well worked out conception. The weak irresolution of the usurper is well told, in action, and nothing could well be more complete than his utter helplessness when the Queen dies. The banquet scene was an admirable piece of acting, and Mr Sullivan's taste and intelligence in omitting the veritable representation of Banqud's ghost have been fully appreciated in the applause of crowded houses. Mrs Robert. Heir's Lady HI acbeth, though clever, and even powerful, lacks the force requisite for, that stern character. Mr Heir's Macdvff is vigorous and manly, and the tragedy is remarkably well played throughout. Locke's music is most admirably rendered, . and Mr Wharton has achieved a fresh success in Hecate. .;.'.; ' HAYMARKET THEATRE. The novelty at this house has likewise been 'Macbeth.' Mr Kean's performance of the tyrant is not one of his highest efforts, but, nevertheless, a very- artistic and beautiful one. The leading feature is ? the cowardice of the character. Mrs Kean towers loftily in Lady Macbeth. Grand equally in conception, action, and elocution, it., is terrible in its force as the Fate of the old Greek . tragedy. These great artists have, how ever, not been supported by the company: so well as in other performances. Mrs Kean took her benefit on Wednesday, in two of, her first-rate parts— -Mrs Holler in 'The Stranger,' arid Donna Violante in ' The Wonder.' Both were admirable personations, and most warmly applauded 'by a very crowded house. Mr Kean's Stranger is very clever. A much more admirable' piece of acting (Don Felix, in the refined comedy) followed. ?The Chief Justice was engaged all day yesterday, inthe New Court, in trying ah ejectment case — Clarke v. Larkins and another — involving a curious curious case of legal- identity. The action was by a ? mortgagee,, in possession, to recover premises at Berialla— the right of an infant to. the property being involved in the question at issue. The deed was in the name of ' Joseph Cherry,' and the con flict really turned on which Joseph was the one meant— an uncle or a nephew. If the former, the property^ had been lawfully mortgaged, and the plaintiff, who had acquired '- rights by assignment, was entitled to recover ; if the nephew, then the property had as clearly been mortgaged fraudulently. One George Cherry — brother to the one, and father of the other Joseph, and a leading actor in the trans actions — presented a sorry appearance in the witness box, from, amongst other things, the cool effrontery with which he admitted that he had stated, upon oatii, before the Insolvent Court, that the property was purchased by his brother, and not by himself, for his-child, as how sworn. The jury found for the defendants. Mr Hopwood, the lessse of the ferries across the Murray, at Moama and Echuca, was, yesterday afternoon, introduced to the hon. the President of the Board' of Land and Works by Messrs Brodribb and Kirk. Mr Hugh Glass was also in company with these gentlemen, and Messrs Hodgkinson and Steavenson sat with the president. The object of the interview was to impress upon the President's mind the importance of maintaining Mr Hopwood's ferry system, which he had been gradually perfect ing during the last seventeen years, and upon which he had spent about six thousand pounds. This outlay was required in order to purchase Maiden's punt, to erect gangways, construct yards for cattle, and make other improvements. He now complained that a man named Watt had been lately permitted by the Board of Land and Works to put on a boat between the two existing ferries. This man had bought a punt for £108, which was not in a serviceable condition, and Mr Hopwood re presented that an interference with his rights, of such a character, would not only depreciate the value of his ferry system, but might be a very serious de triment to the interests of the public. He claimed the exclusive right of ferry from the spot known as Hopwood's Old Ferry, to Maiden's Punt, a distance of about two miles and a-half , and he now applied for the sole license to ferry along the whole length of the town boundary of Echuca, on the Victorian bank, as recently surveyed.- Mr Heales stated the circumstances under which a license had been granted to Watt, for the re-establishment of Maiden's Punt, and in reply to Mr Hopwood's assumed right, inti mated that the Government did not recognise any exclusive right of ferry ; that, in fact, the Victorian Government could not give any such right, its authority being bounded by the south bank. To ask for the sole right to land along this line of bank was to ask what was unreasonable. Mr Hodgkinson informed Mr Hopwood that ho possessed no rights of the character he claimed and Mr Steavenson reminded him that, when he pur- chased Maiden's Punt, he bought only the plant and not any rights of ferry such as he now claimed. I Mr Hopwood was not satisfied unless he could secure the whole line of the bank for his ferry system and he intimated that, while he was liable to competition, his property would be of far less value and in fact it was hardly worth his while to continue to work the ferries. 