THEATEIOALS AND MUSIC. TIIEATI1K BOTAI. The m.vugcmcnt here show themselves not beneath resorting to trick to draw a home. Tho ' Iron Chtst,' a play which W8«mo3tdesorredly, 09 wo think, condemned the first night it \ra 1 produced, but subsequently gainod possession cf tho putlio ear through tho personal blandish ments anJ admirable acting of Elliston in tho oharactcr nf S:rEJinuml Mortimer, was produced hero, on Saturday, with the additional title of 'The Slysierious Murder.' Tho dodge wai successful, for the 'M.U.' drew a rospecUble lnusp, tho dress circls nlono showing plenty of room to let. By ilie way, It I3 singular that the dresa circle of thiB theatre lias seldom, of late, presented anything approaching s crowded ap pearance, — tho talenU of the eminent tragedian and the queor wording of the playbills notwith standing. But to return to oar ehecp. Mr. Sullivan, who, wo believe, contidora himself con siderably above John Kemblc in the part, ond,nj rcsDCCts Kimund Kcnn. na tht- Aim tn Tuf.man*** Hill,— contrived to make tho cuirnctcr of Sir Edmrjnd at least aa repulsive as Column inteud-d. In tho Bccno with W'ilford, in tho second act, it struck us that Mr. Sullivan quite misconceived the meaning of it, but ns wo hesrtijy wished th.Ulio had mistaken tho whole of. lha play — and doub.tlcES those of the public who had been allured to the cheap parts of tho theatre by the spurious title which the management con descended to bestow upon the work, Bgreed with ua, — we are not disposed to be censorious on that account. Tho pieco is naturally so essentially dull, that its conversion into a broader burloFque than even the scene in question gavo promise of, would have been welcome. It hobblod, — 'ran' we believe 13 the canventional term,— for four woiry night?, when it was withdrawn in favour of another lively work, 'Tho Strangor,' which we dared not venturoupon seeing. Consequently we are unable to stnto whether tho audience was or was not numerous, or go into ecatscies, liko certain dolly con tempo raricaof our?, over what Asa Tronchard would probably designato tho smallest of small potatoes. Tho ruse which was so eminently successful on Saturday, w»s not repeated on Thursiay, and this was an error which was scarcely to be expected from so a3tuto a management. Why, with tuch an nlias to ' Tho Stranger' 03 ' Seduction, Sorrow, and Sleep,' a crowded Iiouec would have boen insured, and consistency, both as regards theplsy itself and its effect upon the audionco, would havo been nicely observed. TVo hope, for the s.iko of tho managerial treasury, that tlio omission we have pointed oat will not be repeated in tlio cosa of futuro resuscitations. ' itichard the Third,' wo eee, ia announced with new scenery, for which all will he frratcfnl who remember the production of this picco with Mr. Sullivan an tbo principal character, l&3t year. Now, whu tint 4*nllnnr nnf Cn(milo«'i #ant!na in this instance by helping Shakspere to n sup plementary title for his play 'Kiclinrd thoThird,' or ' The Glostor that was not the Chocee,' might serve, or perhaps tho ' Historical Ilomicide,' or perchance '-The Monster Monarcb,' would suffice. Then, for a special porformanco on the Koyal Marriage celebration day, ' Hamlet, or the Plince of Wells, and tho Girl who ought to have beeu I*rinccS3 of Denmark,' would bo appro priate. It is a' so to be hoped that tho admirsblo performors wIiobo names havo hitherto beon Bufierod to remain in obscurity, but now appear iu all tho glory of capitals ns large as those of Mr. and Air;. Jloir, Mr. Charles Young, and others who arc comparatively strangers to the public, will havo, in futuro revivals, such good -arts a? the Robber's 13oy in tbo ' Mysterious Murder.' BOTAI HATM*BKEr. Tho ' Cricket on tho Hearth,' and tho ex travaganza of' Tho Kicg of the Peacocks,' were ropresentod here on Monday nnd Tuesday evening*, to tolerably good houses; and on Wednesday, ' Our American Cousin ' and tho 'Spitfire' wero plnyod before the commander nnd oflicers of tho Dutch cor vette Djambi, upon which occasion orery part of tho theatre was well attended. Tho following evening, Mr. Jefferson appeared for his benefit in two characters now to the Melbourno public — to wit, Hickory Short in tho comio drama of ' 1 he Governor's Wife,' and Queen Ellinor, in tho burlesque of ' Fair Rosamond.'1 In both he was iminently successful. Hickory is a character drown from the realms of tho broadest farce ; there is cot an atom of sentiment nbout him, ami ho is an eitrnvagant compound of bombas',, pol troonery, aud rtwkwardnoBS. Oar readers will know by their experienco of Tobias Shortout, how much Mr. Jefferson can make of such a chnractor as -ro have described. .Although the dialogue anl the situations of tho ploco aro littlo above the level of mediocrity, tho audlenoo cannot avoid being intensely amused by tbo con versntion and demeanour, each oqually ungainly, of Hickory. As Lclty Briggs, a vulgar young UlUy liuill bUU U1U331Q pUIUSUa VI UUW KjIUSO, UilSS Julia Mathows vtm extremely praiseworthy, and Mr. W. Edouin fairly earned npplamcby a clever psrformance of the trifling part of Neb. Wo have not seen n bnrle'qao containing so much genuine humour ob ' Fair Rosamond' for a 'long time. Let onr readers fancy Mr. Jefferson dressed like Madame Escott as Valentine, in the ' Hngao n'jts,' nnd subsequently, [a suncofsion, as an equestrienne of tho haute ccole, such as one used to eeo nt Franconl'a fifteen years ngo, at a lady middle, nged, in curl paper?, anil sac dc nuit ; and, finally, as tho maddened Queen, with her back hair streaming over ber Bboulders, like that of tho Lady Bettina, In 'Mokeanna;' lot them suppose him performing a break-down in the first, an ' &ot; of equitation' in the second, and similar oxtravaganzas, of the most grotesque nature, in nil ; lot them imagine him burlesquing Aruina, in '' La Sonnambula,' Lady Macbeth, Medea, and half n dozon other heroines, tinging tho most absurd ditties in tho most absurd manner, and uttering tho most outrageous puns and tho mest excrucinting rhymes, and they will readily bj lieve us when we Bay that tho audience wero, for nearly two hours, iu continuous convulsions of laughter. Misses Julia Mathewa, Roso Edouin, and M. Dunn, havo each good parts, nnd they play them admirably ; nnd Mr. 11. Stewart, aa a French bean, is capitally fitted. Tho burlesque is cleverly ivritton, nnd was so well recoivod on Thursdty, that its caroer is likely to bo a long nnd nrosnorous ono. PIIOVIXCIA1L, BAliliAAKAT.— Mr. Shiel Birry, a gentleman hitherto unknown to the playgoers of Bailaarat, opened at the Royal on Monday, and lias appeared each evening during the week with increasing Buccesa. Gifted with n groteEquo figure, great humour, and considerable tact, Mr. Barry appears to have the raro power of at onco placing hinisolf en rapport with his audience, aud tho part of Hundy Andy, in which ho opauci, was a fitting vehicle for the display of hia talents. Troadinft in the stops of Iho lato John Drow, Mr. Barry hod no slight dillicuHles to encounter, aud o say that ho overcame them and firmly estab lished his title to rank amongst tho first oE our low comedians; is only to do him justico. His. brogue, although differing from poor Drow'o, i3 equally riicy and characteristic of thro '' borecu,' nnd if at tlinea ho appenrcd onrrled away by the fun of tho moment. It must ha remembered that tho part is 0110 admitting of almost any latitude short of vulgarity. We havo ndt jet had an opportunity of judging of his abilities iu Scotch character, of which he is said to bo equally mastor, but look forward with noino interest to hia first appearance. 'Tho Howson fnmily havo boon enrniug goldou opinions from tho residents in the eaBt, nnd tho patrons of the Charlie, have certainly no reason to complain of want of novelty. On Monday, 'Maritoua' won repeated. 'Tho Mountain Sylph' was substituted next night, followed by 'The Bohemian Girl' on Wednesday. Thursday introduced tho Wieland Hrothore, in their clover gymnnstlo nni acrobatic performances, aa an additional attraction. Uurton'u equestrian troupe have been located on tho vacant ground adjoining tho Town Hall. Tl:e Crat night they oponod, tho circus was donsoly crowded, but 011 tho second, just beforo the doors were to luvo been oponed, tho marquee blow down and orc vontod tho performance. Thooldadngewnn, how ever, once inoro exemplified, lor the 'ill wind'— bo far as Mr. Burton was concerned— proved n good thing for tho management of theRoynl, who had tho houao crowded iu every part in conca qnonce. Bi'.NDlfio. — (From Tuesday's Advertiser.)— A dramatised version of WilKio Cullins'a novol of tho ' Woman in White' was produced last night, nt tho Ljceum Theatre. In tlio production of tho drama thoro were not wauting good acting, good scenory, nnd in evory respect well arranged bIorc nuxilliarien; yet tho pieco wns not a success. Such a Btory ae that of tho ' Woman in White' must bo road in tho book to be nndcrBtood ; in a drnmatio representation it is incomprehensible To divide tho audionco of last night into two sections— thoao who had read the story and tho;o who had not— the first would say that tho dramatic realization of tho, various characters of tho atory failed to convey anything liko Iho con coptiou of tho author, and with those- who had never read tho novel, tho drama would bo n hidden mystery from tho commocoemcut, whilo tho denouement (?) left thorn as much in tho dark as over. To dramatlso such a story is altogether u mistake. The Bcenory Incidental to tho rleoo waa of tho best description we havo seen during tho present management. On Thursday cvonlng Mhs M. E. Aitken nnd Mr. Honry Edwards were announced to mako their opponranco on Bendigo, OOLOXIAI.. Adhiaidb.— (From ths Observer, 9th May)— Tbero was tt large attond.inco at tho Victoria Theatre, on Monday ovoninjf, to witness tho performance of tlio ?' Flowers of the Forest.' This fnvourlto drama waa well got up by the company, all of 'whom appeared to bo quite at homo iu their pnttn. Mrs. Holloway sustained the character ol Cynthia admirably. Her heroic self-dcrotiou, togotber with the Btrugglo of a hopeless passion, against the affectionate obtdi UI1\\.D UUb IU f* IUUIV1 3 OU IUU1 *? J ) -**' UlUIli gillillU1 siastioally applauded. The more serious parts of tho piece were amply relieved by tho excessive drollery of Mr. Grcvillo as Cheap John, and Mr. Shuto as tho Kinchin. Tho principal charnctcra were called btfore tho curtain at tho oloso of tho performance. Tlio evening's entertainments wcro conclndcd with tho laughter-provoking farco of ' Boots at tho Swan.' ' Guy Manner ing' was produced on Tiiursdar evoniag, shorn oi tho first act— a fact that all regretted who witueswd tho excellent style in which tho re mainder of tho play was pcrforinoj. Tbo charac ters in this, aa in all the works of the Great 'Wl71T.fi nf fhn ATsifflt nra n'ntl.lrnnnii find ife will bo snllicient to say that they found good roprcscutativos at the Viotoria on Thursiay evening. Mr. Greville proved, by hia Dorainlo S'om,-s:m, that he oan bo a comedian, Iu tho bsst aenso of the word, when ho pleases, and Mr. Strooton'a Dirk Haltcrick evidenced his ability to nssume bdiuo characters wiih consummate, skill, or else that some characters suit bis pecu liar powora ns if I hoy woro made to his order. Ia the Dutch desperado Mr. Stroeton was cer tainly not a egnaro man in a round hole ; nnd wo have greater pleasure in thus praising his suc cessful performance thin we could possibly havo in recording its failure. Mr Holloway was, as he always ie, ooncct, nmuiiug, and impressive, in Dandle Dinmont, although we have beon accustomed to hear in that original of John Brod'o a more decidedly Calodunian dialect. Mrs. Grevil.'e w»s most Udyliko in Julia Man soring, and sung tho musio allotted to her with taste and feeling. Mis3 K. Wiicinan was a good Lucy Bertram, and her singing was also much and deservedly »dmired. Wo confess wo were not prepared t6 expect the ability with which Mrs. Ray played Meg Mcrrillcs— in many respects it waa in her, Jjjnds, as it always ought to be, the leading character.' Tho piece, so far 09 it waa produced, w»9 well pl»yed, and an there was sotno new scenery of a superior style introduced, that with an intelligible and reasonable, plot, aided by really good music, niado up an oxcellont entertainment The celebrated glee aud chorus, ' Tho Chough and Crow,' and 'Yo Banks anj Braea' as a duot, wero perhaps the most offeotivo vocal hits of the evening ; but tho otber airs and ohorusca word' very well cxcoutcd.r.s also wcro the overture and accompaniments by tlm orchestra. Tho performance concluded with MoncrioPs laughable farce, 'The Spectre Brida groorn,' which is one of tho best and moat successful nlterpiecos of tho season, Donkdiu.— (From tho Times, 4th May.)— The Bixth performance of 'Lady Audley's aecrec tooK place on Saturday evening in tue presence of a large audience, tho stalls and pit being very mnch~crowdod. The play went very smoothly and satisfactorily, Mrs, Claranco Holt's acting in tho death Bceuo being particularly admirable. The- 'Inst four nights'1 of ' Ludy Audley's Secret ' are announced ; and, as the old prices of admlsilon are reverted to, we cxpoct to see tho house crowded nightly. Messrs. Pous Bard'and Douay, with whom nro Mr. Beaumont and Mr. Wilkin«on, are giving concerts at tho Shamrock Assembly Room. Houart Town.— Too following notice of tho closing night of tho opera Beaaon is from the Mercury, Oth M»y:— 'At tho termination of ' Don Pn^quale,1 l»Bt ovonlng, tho curtain foil, not only upon the closo of tho opera, but upon that of the opera season,— a time which will doubtlosa bo pleasantly remeraborod in years still far in the future, by many who, not possessing the opportunity of hearing and wltnosslng the triumphs of tbo leading artists of the lyric drama In tho old world, will look back to the visit of Mr. LyBtor's company to the nhorei ot Tasmania as an intellectual treat of no common order. The departure of tbeso talented and highly cultivated vpcalista will doubtless bo a subject of Bincoro regret to a large circle of our limited community, and we venture to predict that tho day is not distant when tbo prospect of their ro-appearance amongst us would bo regarded as something sin cciely to bo desired. Upon tbo porlormnnco ol lut evening wo do not consldor it necessary to dwell ut nny length. ' Norma,' both as regards the vocalisation nnd the acting, was decidedly the most evenly susUlnod of all the efforts mado by tho company sinco their arrival, and consequently afforded, as n whole, the fairest standard by which to estimato tho real morita and capabilities of the performers. Madame. Escott's Norma was a truly lifo-liko delineation of the conception of the groat composer. Tho dignity of the pritBtcsa at times roso to CTandour. anifnover for an inntant degenerated into exaggeration ; and thn nsssagC9 ia which this ehar&eteriBtio; is mergod into f omi- nine tendorness, wero doliverod with an earnest ness of expression and depth of feeling which wero truly oharming. Misa Hodson'a Adelgian was aloo a very forciblo and tasteful specimen ol acting wid vocalisation, nnd r^er reudorlng of tha charming ' Mir* .Nornia ' deservedly elicited n vehcracntoutburatofapplause. MrSquires'sPollio wns ono of tho very best dolinontiots whioh ho hns given before a Tasm&uian; audience, and waa rewarded by frtquont and warm applause. Whon tho curtain foil for the first time, Madamo Escott, Miss Hodson and Mr. Squires wore unanimously callod upon to recoivo tho acknowlodgrnonta of tho house, nnd were greeted with n complete nhowor of bouquets. In the selection from 'Don Pasqunlo,1 Mr. Wharton reoolved an onthnalastlo encoro, nnd a similar eomplimont was soon after wards paid him in connection with Mr. F.Lysler. Th.o portion of this opera ' performed (tho third act) was nn uninterrupted suoccas throughout. At its termination Mdllo. Darnud, Mr. Whartou, and Mr. Sqnirca woro loudly called for, and bowed their acknowledgments to tho still applaud ing audionco. Mr. W. Lyst«r was also loudly summoned, but, for somo inoxplloablo reaEOn, did not make his appearance. Wo cannot close this harried notico without a word of acknowledgment to Mr. Reiif, junior, who, under circumstances of peculiar difficulty, conducted tha protracted t.t.u mum ccijva ui u^uiui wim n BUOvCSS W111CU would havo beon oreditsblo ovon had the ililH culti03 in the wny been far less formidable than, owing to inovltablo causes, they were in thlj Inatanco.' Sidnet.— (From the Herald, Oth May.)— Vith the oxcoption of tho repetition of ' Vir glnius' (played on Wednesday evening, in aid of tho fund for tho National Monument to O'Con ncll), tbo production of 'Hamlet' taa beon tho most noticeable feature of tho past week. It was played three times, and on each oocaslon drew n full house. The oast was woll apportioned; and by the aid of now scenery and somo littlo cxpenBo, the piny wob put upon the boards in a very cileotive manner. Mr. Dillon sustained tho part of tho Prince ; Mr. Warner, tho Ghost ;' Mr. Barry, Lurtes; Mr. Howmd, Poloniua ; and Mr. Barford, tho King ; whilo Mrs. Dillon, aa Ophelia, nnd Mrs. JPoolo, as Gertrude, strengthened tho dramatis persona vory mate rially. Mr. Dillon's Hamlot differs altogether from that of nny of his predecessors in Svdnev ? preserving the philosophical and emotional features of tbo part, ho adopts a now reading, whereby he removes muoh ambiguity In several striking passages, and brings beforo his audience a clear conception ofthe author's moaning. In many parts of the tragedy ho was warmly applnudcd, and two or throe tlmosroooivod the honour of a call hot jro tho curtain. Tho ghost scenes wero mado vory effective, not alono from the good acting of Mr. Warner, but also from tho tnaoUinory whereby tho entiies nnd exits of tho flguro wero nthudod. Mrs. Dillon played Opholia with considerable graca and ability ; nnd Mra. Poo!o both looked and played the Queen to perfection. 'Hie tragody wai played last night by special requost, whon Mr. Dillon and tho company won Iresh plaudits from a well-filled houso. Tho programme for this (Saturday) ovenmg includes Massinscr's fine play cf 'A New Wayto I'ay Old Dobts.' During tho paat ?wook tho Chrlaty'o Minstrela havo been patron ised to an extent nlmost amounting to a furore, couEequont upon their approaching departure from this city. Thia afternoon they will give n performance, and tjio evening's programme will ooncludo a career gratifying to themselves In n pocunmry poiut ol vlterr, aa their musio hns been to tho public. Tho Lancnahiro Bell Ringcra havo arrived in Sydney, anl aro to glvo the Brjt of a Boriea of their novel and pleasing entertain ments at tho School of Arts on Monday oveulng. Tho performances ol Mr. Siiiitnondi, tho conjuror, havo been well patroniecd during the week, his various foats of legordomnin crouting considerable astonishment, as, being reformed without tho aid of incoluniea! appliances, thoy rcqulro groat dUtal doxtority. Ho ti announced fo give a performance thin nfternoou at the Victoria Theatre. Mn. anu Hits. Laciilah M'Qowan, who havo, sinco their return from England, been performing with muoh success at SydDey, will shortly arrive in Molbourno. ' Papa, can't I go to tho Zoological to boo tho camomile fight tho ry-no-sir-ce-oss ?' 'Sar- tin, my son, but don't got your trousers torn. Strange, my dear, what a taste that boy has for nat'ral history 1 No longer ngo than yestorday ho had eight tom-cats hanging by their tails to tbo clothes line.' 