Tns Mayors fancy-dress ball is essen- tially the topic of the day. Even the New Zealand war has to pa-e its inof- . fectual. fires before the star of Cohen, and the approaching departure of Sir henry .darkly, and the new .Land : Bjll, which in ordinary tiraos would have created no little excitement, are voted bores of the greatest magnitude. Every drawing-room in tho city and suburbs is filled with eager disputants, gravely discussing the respective merits of blue and silver, green and gold. Even the love of scandal has givon way to the love of dress. Paterfamilias, dozing before the fire, is suddenly star tled by strange noises. He awakens, rubs his eyes, ana stares with all his might and main. He at first thinks that tho "" ' clever gentlemen who manage these j wonderful. spectral illusions as the Hay- market and Princesses are on a visit to his domicile-' aeain, and to hisrelm—uiaBle<:Wr' "Vwife, sons w / t rehearsal for the purpose of determining whether Emily will look best as a vivandiere, a sheperdess, or a duchess ; whether Lizzy's stylo of beauty is best set off by tho ancient Greek, the mcdi- eeval British, or the modern. Turkish costume. Mateufamilias doubts whe ther imitating tho example of a lady whoso beauty was somewhat unplea santly ventilated in tho law courts a few months ago, she shall go as Snow, as night, or as a Spanish lady. Pat matrons, elect stars, elves, nnd fays. Thin spin sters affect characters, Juno and others, requiring enibonpoint. On Change keen North Britons, and shrewd Liverpool men have abandoned tho discussion of soap, sardines, and gunny bags for tho more exciting subjects of the relative merits ofDebardeurs, Zouaves, brigands, nnd Don Cesars do Bnzan. Even in the mystic recesses of bank parlours, and Executive Council Chambers rumour whispers that tho bal-costumo has driven all else sublunary from tho brains of grave financiers and subtle states men. Tailors, wig-makers, property men and milliners, linendrapers and boot makers, are making fortunes with a rapidity which will cause them to mark the present mayoralty, with a white stone. The Exhibition Building is being most elaborately de corated for the occasion, and forests of evergreens have already been thither carted. We understand that ft lias been found impossible to make the galleries available, but that en revanche, it has been determined to keep the supper room open all even ing, so as to afford as much room as possible ' for promennders. The pro gramme is, we understand, to be the same as at the ball given by the Lord Mayor of London to the Prince and Princess of Wales. All polkas and schottisches aro to he eliminated, and tho new Imperial quadrilles lire not to bo introduced, much, it is to ho pre sumed, to the mortification of the fair damsels by whom the latest novelty has been so diligently practised of late. Mark Tapley himself would find it difficult to be "jolly" under the state of affairs reported as existing on the New Zealand goldfields, although the Dunedin journals exhibit no little skill in diverting attention from the cheerless present to the promising future. One digcings' journalist, writing at the close of July, reports that the weather was " unseasonably mild but this pleasant state of the atmosphere suddenly changed into a pouring down of a solid sheet of I'nw f-it-nnfiT-fftilW llAllFS I " WIlrtTI " seen now and then betwoen tho " cloudsjthc lofty ranges appeared nearly " hare of snow, giving every reason to " apprehend a more than ordinary rise " of the rivers ; these were soon up to " tho level of the former floods, which " it was hoped they would not exceed, " and by midnight were rolling, dowu " in impetuous torrents sixteen feet or " more above their ordinary banks, " sweeping everything before them .in " promiscuous destruction, and filling " the stoutest hearts with dismay." Some idea of the terrific - character of the flood may he imagined from tho entire demolition of the lower Arrow township, which tho short sighted inhabitants had been fool ish enough to build on the flats near the river. Of extensive mining operations, carried on during many a hopeful month, not a relic remains, nnd most of the unfortunate diggers having invested everything in the works, are now in a state of absolute destitution, to which even the roturn of fine weather will bring no adequate reliel. We publish else where particulars of another shocking catastrophe, through which several diggers have met an untimely fate. ' An earthquake seemed the only plieno- menom necessary to complete ' the horrors of the situation, nnd thoDunstan News furnishes the fallowing : — " Wo " are informed that a smart sliockof an " earthqunke was felt in the district of " tho Shotover, on Friday evening last. " Our informant states that large " masses of rock were dislodged from " the cliffs: At one place masses of " rock had fallen into the river, block- " ing it up, nnd to a certain ex- " tent altering its course." 1 . No doubt_ the advance of the . season will diminish these perils, but many of thoso wlio have left Victoria for New Zealand will have suffered so keenly in health and means, that they will bo incapable of making a new struggle for fortune ; ana it is to oe Hoped that tlieir late will be a warning to others who may be meditating a similar venture. Mr Foxlon's examination, as one of tlio accused directors of the Provident Institute, commences at tho City Court'this morning. It is rumoured that an application xvilt ho made to change the venue of the approaching trial of the directors, on the ground tlint public opinion in Melbourne has been more or less prejudiced in the matt r. The venue is not unlikely to be removed to Portland. A correspondent whose letter will he found in another column, directs attention to tlio re cent railway accident at the Bniiimmt termiuus, and severely deprecates tlio deficiency of break power on the Government lines. The commu nication is eminently pertinent and practical. Somebodj seems guilty of criminnl negligcnco, or the recent accident would not have cccurred. It is a more chance that it did not happen to a passenger train, when we should have to mourn a long list of killed and wounded. Can any body tell whether it may not occur to a pas senger train at any hour under the existing stato of nfliilrs. Circumstances like (ids prove how vitally tho public interest is concerned on our keeping n strict surveillanco over " those Victorian railways." The iion member for Maldon, in a letter to the Tarrangower Times, thus explains the cause of his absence from the House when MrM'LclInn's motion came on for discussion: — "I bad been sitting from three o'clock that day on tlio Com mittee of tho Chewton Rnilwny Station discus sing the report of tlio Commissioner, which was to be laid 011 the table tbat night, if possible. There being n difference of opinion as to the terms of the report, the discussion was pro longed, and wo wore still Bitting wlieif" the Speaker took the chair. I hastened to gather up my papers, nnd proceeded to tiie library to post a letter. On ray way thither I met tho members coming out of the House, there being no quorum." How very unfortunntc I The Times mnkes this comment upon tho explana tion : — " We hope the House will compel the whole matter of alleged bribery, or attempted bribery, to be thoroughly investigated nnd we give Mr M'Lcilan the hint, if lie be not already ' to coll Mr Bamsay for the purpose of ' ' ' - Wo hnve Lnunceston journals to the 20tb, nnd Hobart Town to tlio 10th of August, but the news is devoid of general interest. Major Wallace and Captain W. C. Smith having volunteered for New Zealand, their approaching departure has caused much sensa tion in Ballanrnt. We publish tlio report of n meeting convened for tho purpose of getting up a valedictory banquet to the gallant gentlemen. After a fortnight's adjournment, the City Council will meet ugnin this afternoon. The notice-paper is not lengthy, neither are the sub jects to be brought under discussion of any great importance. There is an order of the day with reference to having a line of rails laid from the Victorinn Hailwny Station across Spencer street to the Market opposite, and another as to tho adoption of an address to ids Excellency tlio Governor on his departure from tbo colony. There are three notices of motion standing in the namesof Councillor Wrngge and Councillor Gild- smith. A correspondent of the Gipps Land Guardian, referring to the Eastern Province election, rather illogicaliy urges the claims of a gen demon whom he proves to be unfitted for tho position of n representative. " llnnnn," lie says, " is looked upon generally as the winning horse, but to my mind Pinnock ought to ho the man, nnd for this reason : Hannn is a thorough good practical man, but full of business, nnd the time requisite for studying political questions, nnd discharging tiie duties of an Upper House senator lie could ill spare. Whereas Pinnock has literally nothing to do unless to stand at the gate of liis red brick mansion nnd watch the cars, nnd ogle the pas sengers, whilst lie puffs the sweetest nnd strong est of royal Hnvannnhs. The life of a senator is just the tiling for liiin — ensy work, gentle debnting, plenty of flattery, nnd tho society of those charming gastronomes who throng the Melbourne Club. If a representative should be a man of substance, physically and metaphysically, on upright magistrate, a hospitable host, a goad judge of port, an epicure, nnd a man of leisure, then no mure suitable cnudidnte can present himself to the electors of tho Eastern Province than C. D. Pinnock, Esq." One would imagine we have had more than enough ui this sort of member. According to the Bendigo Independent, we could do something more practical, in tho way of evangelism, than a mission to tho blacks at Cooper's Creek: — " It would appear (observes our contemporary) that sin nnd misery do not stalk our streets in sufficient quantity to need a corrector, nnd that irreligious ignorance and vice are so unknown to the white men of Vic toria that the preachers of God's holy word must pour it forth to tho aborigines of Cooper's Creek j in short, that money must bo subscribed to carry the truths of salvation to bInckfelIow3 and their lubras, and leave uncarcd for and un- anointcd tho children of evil, who, alas, arc amongst us in numbers sufficient at lenst to cause anxiety. This Is not all. As if there wero in the whola of this islnud continent no other thinleggcd savages, the amiable though dirty inhabitants of tiie locality beforo men tioned arc specially selected for the premier essay of our missionaries. In other words, the voices of ministers are, in their opinion, mora appro priately lifted lip to some square miles of opos- «iim« nnd nnllrM fhnn 4a tlio AraiH. wIia in quite sufficient numbers, lmuut the streets of our metropolis, are to bo found on all our gold- fields, and who, though small when counted beside those of the old country, are yet old enough in crime to make even their littleness a care to a new eolony." Our Talbot contemporary mentions a cir cumstance which transpired at tiie local police court, as illustrative of the fact that " tho blackest mind occasionally exhibits good quali ties." "It appears that shortly after Wallace, who lias been committed for trial at the Talbot police court, escaped from the Back Creek look-up, he made his way to Rockliampton, and that, whilst attempting to cr- ss a river there, he saw a boy struggling in the water. Tlio current being rapid, the boy was unable to help himself, where upon Wnllaco jumped into the water, anil at tiie risk of his own life preserved that of the drown ing boy. Yesterday, or tho day beforo, we are not sure which, Wall ce received a letter from this boy's fatiier, in which a L5 note was en closed. Wallace was requested to uso this in his present emergency, anil to apply to the wrlt-r for more money should lie require it. Wallace's correspondent expressed n very hearty wish that the man who had saved the lifo of his child might escape the grasp tlint justice had got up:n him." .Wo learn from the Star that after the immigra tion raeetingheld nt Mount Biowhnrd on Thursday lost srparnted, several gentlemen ptesont formed themselves into a meeting to consider tiie position of the holders of certificates for the selection of land. It was resolved that the Government be petitioned to allow an extension of time for selection to those win held anil to those who were entitled to demaud certificates, and to all who contemplate availing themselves of the 23rd (or Cummins') clause of the Laud Act of 1802. To those interested in " Divorce and Matri monial Causes" wo may state that, according to a new rule of the Supreme Court, " nil nets of a merely ministerial nature In the equitable, eccle siastical, and divorce and matrimonial causes jurisdictions of this court, such as the signing and Issuing of writs, decrees, orders, probates, and letters of administration, signing decrees, orders, and nllocaturs, previously settled, which, according to tlio rule; nnd practice of this court, are required to be done and signed by the Master in Equity, may, during hi3 absence on leave, published in the Gnzcttc, be done or signed by the chief clerk in the office of the seid Master or other person in tlint behalf appointed by the Judges." A novel Industry, commenced by Messrs Swal low and Co., of Sandridgc — tho manufacture of biscuit powder — is especially deserving of public attention, inasmuch as it furnishes not merely an equivalent to the article we have been importing, but far superior advantages both in quality and cost. To infants and invalids the biscuit powder hitherto in uso was anything but a luxury, having been made from- veteran eakes-whleli had grown tough and' tasteless during the voyage from England. Messrs Swallow and Co. produce theirs from biscuits especially manufactured for the purpose. This is tiie secret of making colonial enterprise successful — furnishing a cheaper and better article than that we wish to supersede. At the City Court, on Snturday, two cabmen, named respectively Miller nnd Cnrr, were charged with assaulting and robbing n mnn nnmcd Moore, on the St. Kilda road, last Wednesday night. Miller was discharged, but CniT was remanded un:il Tuesday.' A China man who had endeavoured to ofler some spurious gold for sale to a broker, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Ho had previously been convicted for a similar offence. I11 ormation was received by the police on Saturday lost, that tho premises of Thomas Calvert, a poulterer in the Eas'ern Market, had been burglariously entered daring the preceding night, and property to some extent stolen. The shop had been closed on Friduy night at twelve o'clock, everything being then safe, but nt linlf- past six in the morning, when the storcmnn arrived, ho found tlio door open, nnd upon ex amination missed an iron safe weighing about fourewt., and containing three L5 notes, ten sovereigns, an old half crown dated 1700, a rilvor Gcnova watch, two gold nuggets, and a small cash box contaiulng deeds, bills, etc. Au entrance had been effected by breaking a pane of glass in the skylight. The shop had been found operf'by a policeman about a quarter to five in the morning, but he did not suspect that a robbery had been committed. Wo understand that the petition for the com- . mutation of the sentence upon Robert Guest, signed by tiie pro-ccutrix, eleven' members of the jury, and. several members of Parliament, will be presented to tho Executive Council to day. We observe that a man named Charles Barton, formerly a resident of Sandridge, has been accidentally drowned near Port Chalmers. Mr Long Wrcy, of Nelson, Iras mado an offer to the Government of that Province to raiso L250,000 in one year for railway purposes, in consideration of a bonus of L2000. If lio do not raiso the sum in the specified period, ho offers to forfeit nil claim to the bonus. Tho number of visitors to the museum of national history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining agriculture nnd the arts dur ing the week ending 22ml of August was 388. The museums are open to the public daily (Sun days excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in tho uonli side of the University. Tho number of prisoners confined in II.M.'s Melbourne Gaol on Friday last, tht 21«t inst., was 108 males, 3 females, classified as follows : — For trial before tho Supreme Court, 23 J before magistrates, 10. Under sentence : Road gang, 10 j hard labour, 80 males, 2 females; imprisonment, 44 males, 1 female ; lunatics, 3 ; in default of bail, 13 ; debtors, 4. Received during the week, 47; discharged, 02. Referring to tlio charge brought against tho lion member for the Wiminern, tlio Ararat Ad vertiser observes : — " I lis only justice tostate thot some time aro Mr Wilson was in tho company of n few friends at Pleasant Creek, nnd when the subject was introduced, lie stigmatised tho accu sation as a malignant falsehood, nnd utterly denied any idea whatever of collusion with Mr Sinclair. The Criminal Sessions for the present month were brought to a close on Saturday. The lost cose tried was that of Luigi Nanuizi, an Italian, for wilful and corrupt pcijury. The witnesses on both sides, however, contradicted eacii other so flatly, and tiie case at lest became so complicated, that the jury stated they could place 110 reliance on tbo testimony of either side, anil they accordingly returned a verdict of not guilty. The prisoners, who lind been convicted during the sessions, to the number of seven, were brought up and sentenced. J. R. l'in- layson, who had been found guilty of conspiring to defraud the Colonial Bnnk, was liberated 011 two recognizances cfLL'O each, to appear for sentence during tlio ensuing term, a law point having been reserved in his farour. Goodsir, who hail been convicted in company with him for the same offence, was remanded to gaol ns lie had been convicted last sessions on another charge. That Gnrd'ncr will find disciples in Victoria is Tnther unpleasantly illustrated by a circum stance which lias occurred near Talbot. We fird it thus related by the Talbot Lender: — CImrlcs James Fox, aged eleven years, whose escape from the Talbot camp about tiireo mouths since will he fresh in the minds of our readers, has again absconded from his parents' residence on Mia Mia Flat, taking with him a black hitch with chain, a large liorsc pistol with caps and bullets, and a pair of blankets. The young reprobate had been keeping very bad company of late, nnd his father remonstrating with him he took up his bedding and walked from home. The exploits of Gardiner, the New Soutii Wales bush ranger, were always a source of admiration to liim, and lie has frequently informed the police that if ever ho got the opportunity lie would join that outlaw. There need bo very littlo doubt that lie will endeavour to mak; his way in view, and will probably cn the road turn tho horse pistol and bullets to account. He possesses extraordiniry courage for his age, and is wholly devoid of the smallest amount of nervousness. His parents, on tho other liasd, r.re very respec table people — a circumstance whicii renders tke case interesting and the disposition of tho boy unaccountable." There was no business before tho Williams- town Police Court on Saturday. Tlio Williamstovn Penny Savings' Bank progresses favourably. According to a return just issued it appears that tiie amount received from depositors in the month of J uiy was L58 3s 3d ; repaid to depositors during tiie same period, L18 2s 8<1 ; and transferred to the Mel bourne Savings' Bank, L33 Ss. It must be understood tbat when a depositor's contributions reach the sum of LI, it is forwarded to the Mei- bourne'Bauk. The Williamstown Penny Bonk lins now 313 depositors, whoa united contribu tions amount to L13G lis 3d, exclusive of what has been sent to Melbourne. An accident of a rather serious nature oc curred at the Haymarket Tleatre on Saturday evening, shortly after the drip scene had fallen at the end of the fourth ait of Macbeth. A soldier engaged as a svpernumcrary, acci dentally walked against i large sheet of plnle gloss used in the production of the great spectral illusion, the force of tio contnet breaking the brittle material into a Auntred fragments. The author of this untovard nishnp sustained some rather ugly looking wounds iu the hand, but which proved on examination to be less severe than from their nppeirnncc they were supposed to be. Drs. Gilbec md Macadam were promptly in attendance, and icndered all neccssnry assist ance. We understand tiint Mr Clissold, the police magistrate at Balaarat, his obtained eighteen months' leave of nasence. , Tim project of istabiishing a second club has been so fnvoaraby received, that it may be already considered un fait accompli. Tiie site spoken of is the meant piece of ground nt the corner of Collins md Queen streets, upon; which the Wesley churdi formerly stood. It is not apprehended that my difficulty will be found in tiie way of raising the capital required for tlio building, tbo mon particularly ns it Is not in tended to have my bedrooms attached to the club. We wish the sovcinent every success. Surely if Sydnej can maintnin tliroa clubs, in addition tothe'oae diroted to tho volunteers, Melbourne can supporltwo. The football match between the Melbourne and University Clubs despite the unfavourable state of the weather, w s played out on Saturday afternoon, and rcsuUecia a victory for the for mer; and the Melboune men are now, there fore, entitled to tho Callengo Cup, which will, no doubt, be immcdiaely handed over to tho Secretary. Tlio winmg goal was obtained by Bryant, who, with mat. others, has boen pressed into the service of the 'detropolitans, to fill tho vacancies caused by tin absence of some of tho best players. Mr and Mrs Lachlzi M'Gownn arrived yes terday morning from Juncdin. They are, wo believe, under cngagenent to Mr James Sim mons, and will shortly a;penr at tho Haymarket Theatre. Competition in theatricals will not pay in Dun edin. Sucli is the opinioof Mr G. Coppin. It will be perceived that his triptierewith the Lancashire Bellringcrs, has been mything but a paying speculation. From tin Evening Star, of 7th Augusl, we extract tin followiug speech, made by Mr Coppin, on the c:osion of his benefit tho previous evening, at to Theatre Royal : — " I rigrct, extremely, that i want of patronage, and other circumstances, rollers it necessary that I should bring this seaon to a premature close. The fact is, I am not i n position to support a continuous loss; nnd riien I assure that the amount of money I reeived for tho Bellringcrs' entertainments was insiiicient to pny even their travelling expenses, I im sure you will agroo with me tlint discretion is tho better port of valour, and that I had biter " move on." This is the more remarkable, 's in every other place of importanco their wencrful cntertaiameat has boen fully appreciated, ad their success nil that could be desired. Althugli my present visit to New Zealand has been fr from remunerative, I do not regret the tri; This will no doubt speedily lwcome a great ountry, but at the pro- sent moment the popuiiion of Dunedin cannot support two theatres, ad a vigorous opposition must prove ruinous to 11 parties. This house has been taken by Mesis Holt and Wolfe, who intend to try tho cxperhent of a dramatic sea son, and will make it aailablo for any stars or entertainments that mir visit the town. They have also entered into a arrangement with me to act as their agent ii the neighbouring colo nics and I hope to Ll.avcV,l0 plcRSiire bT consign- in-' to their LadyDon, Mr G. V. Brooke, and a succession of attnetire novelties. Professor Hill's elocutionary entertainments at the Mechanic's Instltuto this evening, pro mises well. Among other attractions we per ceive it comprises— seme between Rcd'aw tho " Chemist," tho " Brutalised Boy," and tho " Ghost," from Charles Dickens' story of tho Haunted Man. "Mr Birch's " Holiday Trip"' having come to a happy conclusion oil Saturday night, a new entertainment is advertised to be given at tho Polytechnic Institute this evening by Mr Love, entitled " Love In all Shapes." Thj peculiar class of monologue whi .'li Mr Love, senr., lias made so popular in England, is that which his Australian namesake has adopted, and from what we hear of his ability as a polyphonist wo arc justified in predicting for his efforts a similarly successful effect upon the taste of the Melbourne public. On Saturdny afternoon there were several four-oared scratch matches on tlio Upper Yarrn. Four crews entered, tlio enptains being respectively Mr E. M. James, Mr M'Cutcheon, Mr Chapman, and Mr Smith. There were four boats rowed, and the result was that Mr James's crew won easily against Mr M'Cutcheon's. Tlio nnmcs of the winning crew were Mr E. M. James, Mr Wnlsb, Mr Froomcs, and Mr Banks. Tiie boat in which they won was tlio Atalanta, but nfter each heat the crews changed l»ats. The pair-oared races wore postponed for a fort night in consequence of tlio very unfavourable weather which was experience 1 on Saturday afternoon. A largo number of members belong ing to the various boating clubs were present during the day, nnd tlio occasion was taken to inaugurate the new boot iiouse. 