MY SON-IN-LAW'S .GHOST STORY, "Well, anyhow I can beat that," broke out Mr. Blank,,: as the last speaker concluded, "but my story is about a ghost, "i es, a ghost that appeared here in Australia, at the very station wheie J. reside f in fact, it was my own son-in-law to whom the apparition Brewed it elf. I've heard him tell the story many a time, and vliat jworc have seen the ghost sitting by him twining her arms round ?H6 neck, and tlis last time, holding in her arms, the plumpest baby ghost, her own, I ever saw, > "You see I'd known Bob, my son-in-law, that is in V'hen he was in long clothes. He and Alice my daughter h&d; Iain in the same cradle, were christened at the same time, had f&ljBn; w love when severally at the mature age of four, and been pacified by a, promise that if they'd both wait until the proper time, supposing tliey still kept in the same mind, they should be honorably spliced together in holy matrimony. Times got bad in England about then. sofUfi old lady, meaning of course the wife, Alice, and myself, set out to try our fortune in tliis part of the world, ftill keeping*to our promise to poor Bob nevertheless ; the poor little couple breaking a sixpence or, something, and keeping the pieces as pledges, jus): as naturally as if they were man and woman grown. " Over twelve years had passed since then, matters hud been thriving with me in every way, so finding that Alice still harped on old lover, and hearing that the boy did the samte, I thought may be the best thing to do was to hare him out at once, and so make them both happy, Thinking this, I wrote home the invitation, which had no need to he repeated, for the poor lad engaged his passage the very week after the letter came, and sailed from Liverpool a fortnight from the day lie did so in one of the fastest clippers then on the berth for Melbourne. " Bob had always been a studious lad with a head full of poetry, and stories, and such matters, and being,on shipboard beguiled away his time reading from morning till night. A German passenger used to lend him books full of weird tales, goblins, ghoules,. and vampires, until his brain got so turned, he bawled out so in his sleep about apparitions that the other passengers said they might as well sleep next door to Martin Luther conceiving it new reformation as in the came ship with such a nuisance as Bob had grown to be in this respect. The tale, however, which struck him most forcibly, was one written by William Iiowitt some years since, inserted in a popular periodical, and giving the details of a certain spectral appearance In shape of 11 beautiful young woman dressed in a blue mantle, but whose eyes were wanting in their sockets. Bob talked about it, thought about it, and of course dreamed about ft all tlie remainder of the voyage, Mght after night Would he wake in a fright at having been accosted by a maiden in a sky blue mantle, who on raising her veil presented the terrific spectacle of a woman without eyes. In short, it became a sort of S^ed idea with Bob that if ever he did come fn.ee 10 face with a goblin, this eyeless lady would he the very identical one by which he would be tprrified. " The passage out was a rapidone,so rapid infact tkatBoJj arrived in Melbourne quite a week before I even thought of going down to town to meet him on landing. The lad's impatience would not permit him to wait until he had written to advise his friends of his arrival, so he set out next, morning by coach thinking to surprise us and delight himself with a meeting with his fiaucc-e at the same time. " As bad luck would have it, Bob must choose a bqx scat, must turn the subject of conversation to that of ghosts before they had got over the very first stage of the journey. Bob himself was quite innocent about there being ghosts in AvstmUp at all, but the driver, a Yankee pitched him such a yarn abo«t£ goblin Kangaroos ; spectral possums and ghostly boomerangs, that Jiang me, if the lad didn't get so scared by the time lie was landed from the coach at 1113' gateway as to be almost frightened to pfiss up the garden walk excej t in broad day-light. I've hea "d him say so. " Keifher Alice the old lady nor myself happened to beat i:o no, but Bob learned from the old Aborigniee woman keeping house that Miss Alice was gone over to a neighbouring station about three miles aft- that she was dressed ill a stye blue mautlc, and might be expected home immediately. •:.•:.••. • - "To do Bob justice his IOVB mastered lus to set out and meet her, especiallj as day being fast there *ras a chance whether fclie might npfc lie benighted " I mqy as well mentis tliat Jhere vas a s^log lioyHv'wind blowing nnd m a mnnei that gave hopes of * ^Mwyiiwrs hud elapsed The dust came #W£epin^|>»&t; j^^jjwis overcast 5 heavy piles of cloud skirting * l » p p p ^ H g i ' t close in earlier than ^opinion, whilst distant; <>f fj, now jmd then low and faint fc}a|w thuafler, waae usually gloomy to awaken ghostly fancies ; Bob «earcdy walked a mile when lie monotonous «tte?«iice*>f the words more pqke,3ppre $ I^Mrords signifying little #B<n*gii but when tiken together w^th ifaot^iiat 00 human bernk was within sight to utter them Mere not ahttje alaumng A few papes moie audi a wild fit of demon laughter fitted the air aud at the same instant a young devil," £9 u$e Ba|»*a Vopm. big as a fox, itii huge leathern wings, issued out pf an olft tjee, a**!? fluttered awav out"of sight." Almost immediately mfter footsteps approaching, and. what delighted stilt or fancied faet-aw Alice within 1 hundred yaids of where he etpp$, The figure he judged to be tlielidy he sought was e\ idently young, Wore a blue mantle hut owing to the dust blowing at the time tier litad was so held as to render her face 111 visible « With all the ardour of a lo\ ei did Bob rush to flieeHier At Hie mention of ihe void "AUce," the lady stopMd^Jsgd J»Whead slow»y, and immediately afterwaids her veil M M 9jMto nishmeut Judge frpm your own m such a casg TJiis vaa beiutifiil, there was the picttiest dimply thai, |b# raspjst of siiuliug mouths the most dehcatelypoloieUJie^4OTMft1^| 5 youid nave cYiarmea a scuiptor—so exqwi«iwly and faultless its proportions; nay, there was a profusion of rich clustering hair blown by the pa^siug witid,and only ojie fault Wu-red the otherwise peerless features: two black spots supplied the' place of eves. The figure was not Alice, but the.lady of the gobliu^tory. • « You may guess Bob did not stay lpng in suoh company. I m afraid wliether in such a moment even ^ice yas not forgotten. Fear lent him wings, or at all events, art active pair of legs brought him in an incredible short space of time back to the house again. The door was ajar, and the fugitive only felt safe when he heard the key turn in the lock, and knew he had a tolerably thick wall interposed between the ghostly visitant and liimsel£ . " He might be safe, but still he was by no means easy; .every noise startled liim : the howling of the wind in the chimney, the Jocusts m the trees outside, his own movements, his own breathing. He >vpuld have gone forth again and awaited the family's return 111 the open air, hut he hampered the lock and could npt make au egress from the house. Bob says he sat in suspense for over twe»ty-foiir hours ,- but 1 think it could not have been more than half that number of minutes when he heard some one eome iutp the house by the back door. A minute after, and footsteps entered to where he sat. A rustling sound pervaded the apartment, followed by a shght scratching sound, and as the room was lit up by a feint blue phosphorescent glare. Bob saw for the second time that, night the ghost of the eye- lees lady lighting a lucifer 011 the bottom of a match box as .coolly as ever was done hy any ghost in the world. - „ .>'• • "It was too much, Not exactly acowavd, Bob actuaUy slirieJfed out witli terror in such a manner that the ghost slmeKed jn sympathy, aud dropping the match she had only just lighted- left the room in darkness. , Next moment: the old lady and myself enured tlie room to find ouv visitor Bob starmg in au agopy of terrop no—not a ghost, hut poor . Alice, who in her firight Jiad ^uuk ujpoktlie sofii, and holding in her hand a pair ol wire-gauze eye-preservers, which worn in the twilight'Had led the poor ghost-haunted yojipg man to take her for the eyeless lady refeyr«l to. , . '«That was Bob's ghost. In three months more »e warrjpd jier I said I'd beat the last story ; so I have-, but by telling one not better, but more silly and ridiculous still." - 