SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS. We take the following from the Spiritual Magazine, an Am&rican; publi cation : — Mr. William Guay wrote n prelimi nary letter to the Banner of Light, giving the result of his observations as follows :— 'Boston, Nov. 18th, 1802. Mr. Editor, — Having been informed by Mr. William H. Mumler, that you da sire to publish the results of my inves tigation into the possibility and gen uineness of Mr. M.'s photographic im pressions of spirit forms, it gives me much pleasure to detail to you what I have seen. As I have been commis sioned by Messrs. A. J. Davis and Co., you can rest assured that I was resolved, if permitted, to allow nothing to slip lny utmost scrutiny. Having had ten years' continual practice in this particu lar branch — that is, negative on glass, and positive on paper from negative — I felt compotent to detect any form of deception. Having been permitted by Mr. Mumler every facility to investigate. I went through the whole of the opera tion of selecting, cleaning, preparing, coating, silvering, and putting into the shield, the glass upon which Mr. M. pro posed that a spirit form and mine should be imparted, never taking1 off my eyes, and not allowing Mr. M. to touch the glass until it had gone through the whole of tlio operation. The result was, that there came upon the glass a picture of myself, and, to my utter as tonishment — having previously ex amined and scrutinised every crack and corner, plate-holder, camera, box, tube, the inside of the bath, &c.; — another portrait. Having sinco continued, on several occasions, my investigations, as described as above, and received even more perfect results than on the first trial, I have been obliged to endorse its legitimacy. Respectfully yours, Wm. Guay.' In a letter of the 20th No vember, after having mado a full and minute report of Ins visits, Mr. Guay reports to Messrs. Davis and Co. as follows: — 'Tlio weather lias been too unfavourable since Saturday to print from the negatives, on one of which I perfectly recognise the likeness of my father. The picture of my wife is very faint, but sufficient for mo to recognise the features. It is impossible ior Mr. Mumler to have procured .any ; pictures of iny wife or lather. He nJso says that whilst ho sat for the two pictures he mentally desired that i the likenesses of his father and mother RhonlA bo produced. Another photo graphic artist, Mr.H. Waston, oi oi troviucc-streot, Boston, writes that after niukinn- ft full examination of the pro cess, he found a spirit-figure on the no ?mtivo. Ho also says tlwt he cannot conceive of any process by which imi tations could be made without his de tection Dr. Gardner, in his address to tho Boston Spiritual Conference, says : j ' To me there is no cause for doubt. Tho Dictures themselves furnish ovi I donee in their puiK-liko appearance. that has not been imitaicn. «'''' examination will show the oonntofei ts that have been made to be essentially different I do not doubt that Mr. Mumler is a peculiar medium, and 1ms to the production ot ^S^m^r*';. ffronhs.' In the fanner of Light of j tho 3J)th Novcmbor, is also contained an elaborate review nnu uutn-iip««' »? the process nnd its results, from which we make tlio following extracts :— 'They are ordinary cartes tie visili;\ hut with a faint additional figure, not defined by a distinct, sharp outluie, but vapory nnd semi-indefinite. The whole of the figure is not displayed, usually onlv theiiea.1 and bust. The first is a iiortrait ot tho medium, W. H. Mumler, ] :..:.i. „-« l.nml nn n chair, the otlier holding the -black cloth covering just taken from the camera. In the chair sits a half-defined female form, ap parently about twelvo or fourteen years old This was at once recognized as a deceased female relative. A cloudy va pour hovers over tho head of this spirit, an effect we never before saw in auy sun picture. One we have seen has a faint disc of light about the head, as it luminous rays were shooting outward, but nil stop at a determined circu ar outline Two others have a Eimilar effect, but the circlo would bo sufficient- ? j lv lnrire to enclose the whole figure, it j the card were of greater dimensions. The second picture talien by this me dium has the spirit of a lady sitting on a chair, a white undefined mass ot something behind her, like two or three pillows. The features are quito sunken, with a serious expression. Wo are told I that this is a likeness of the spirit sister of Mr J. J. Ewen, as she looked when wasted by consumption. Tho father of the deceased fully recognises the likn ness. as do the rest ot tlio family, lhe next is an elderly lady, icamu'- «.. .. chnir, in which sits a faintly-defined form of a. young man playing upon n Riiitar. This figure is shown 'lornjjiliy below the knee, tlia otlier not buing visible nt all — looks as if inoved, leaving only a blur. This was ntonce recogni sed as a deceased brother, who made guitars, and was fond of playing upon them. Another is a female figure, lean ing upon a chair, the hands placed together, and eyes elevated, as in prayer. Tho spirit appears of a larger size, the face and. buft only visible. The ft.ee is elevated, as if in prayer. Another is a gentleman sitting, with tho edge of a white ninrble table near him. The spirit is behind him, and u little smaller, a female figure, with the hair dressed quite plain and Quakerish, a small white collar about the nock, tied with a diirk ribbon, n close-fitting; dress, visible only to the waist. A gentleman from Illi nois eat for his portrait, and raised the rijrht hand as if holding something. He was told that was a very uncouth attitude, but he said, ' No matter, take it so.' When the plate was developed, there sat upon the raised arm, a child, leaning its head upon the sitter's shoulder. This child is not very clearly defined ; it appears a little larger than in nature, as if nearer the camera than die arm it sits upon. The dress is tran sparent, with the hanil nnd firm of the sitter seen through it. Here is another, an elderly lady, in a dark dress, standing by a chair. The spirit of her deceased husband is with her, a man evidently older; the figure about the sisie of the lady. A standing collar is visible on one side, the other turned down ; black neck stock, white shirt bosom. The other portion of the costume is not dis tinctly defined. This is Isanc Rahhitf, inventor of tlio celebrated ltabbitt metal. The Iad3r referred to is Mrs. Rabbitt, the wife of the deceased, who assures us that the picture represents her hus band as he appeared in his last illness, and she pronounces it, unequivocalh/, a good likeness, and knows that she has not been deceived by the artist. The next is u portrait of Mr. Luther Parks, an elderly gentleman well known in this city, sitting with his hat on. Ths spirit in this picture is entirely unlike nny of the others. It is a female figure floating in the air, the hair combed back over the bead, a loose-fitting dross, with short loose sleeves gathered in at the elbow ; n bracelet on the left fore arm, which is extended, with a wreath of flowers in the hand, toward the gen tleman. The right hand is pressed against the side, and over the head (not on it) floats a wreath of flowers. The spirit is quite transparent, the folds of a curtain being distinctly seen through the whole ot it. Dr. Wm. B. White has two photographs taken at tho same time : one, a lady, 'in front, nnd another behind a chair. Tho spirits, ho says, have been with him many years. Ho is a clairvoyant, and sees the spirits and talks with them. They told him, eight years ago, that the time would coino when a group sitting nt a table would have their photographs and thosoof thoir spirit-friends taken to gether. Still further ; they would bo taken in colors. The lnst wo shall notice at this time is that of a gentle man of commanding figure, noble heaving1, and dignified demeanor, well known, particularly to express agents in tho business community, who stands by a chair, in which sits tho form of o young man reading- a book. Anoti, picture of the same pwitlemnn has tho dim form of Daniel Webster near him, Tho statesman is recognized at a glance, nnd bears a close resemblance to tlio portraits painted in the latter portion of [his lifutime— the sunken cheeks par ticularly. The top of the head is bald, with tho hair combed up from each side. Tlin pxnressinn of the features is very grave nnd solemn. The dross is not distinct, but, so far ns it can be perceived, is unlike anything in the painted or engraved 'porrraitsi but slio- htly resembling the costume on tho ^Wash iiuaVij utfu'iuu if^utbis (8splaj'eTf.'and is a little larger than the mortal, as if nearer tlio instrument It is -iu;fo transparent, tlio cuair ueing qu-fl distinct behind it. The spirit of Wdi-' ster purports to bo frequently with this (Tontlcman, manifesting' his presence whenever a suitable medium is avail able. This gentleman has received from Webster a private signal, by which he says he is able to identify his presence, and therefore ho is not liable to be imposed upon by any otlier snirit. While in position for this picture, ho experienced tbo usual signal, thus adding another proof of identity.' [These ghost imitations nre produced by having a figuro dressed to represent tlio unearthly visitor, and standing in position ?diirino; just half the time required lor the' full operation, then moving away, {riving the objects behind it the otlier half, to impress their image faintly on the negative plate.] 