Our Chimney Book Tales for Country Readers. PRINCE GEORGE AND THE WATCHMAN. (From the German of Heinrich Zschokke.) [Continued from our last.} AT these words, the party confusedly withdrew from the window ; nor did the prince remain where he was, but quickly effected his escape through a cross- street. A crowd of servants rushed out of the palace, led by the secretaries of the fi- nance, and commenced a search for the offender. " We have him !" cried some, as the rest eagerly approached. It was, in fact, the real guardian of the night, who was carefully perambulating his beat, in innocent unconsciousness of any offence. In spite of all he could say, he was disarmed, and carried off to the watch-house, and charged with causing a disturbance by singing libellous songs. The officer of the police shook his head at the unaccountable event, and said, "We have already one watchman in custody, whose verses about some girl caused a very serious affray between the townspeople and the garrison." The prisoner would confess to nothing, but swore prodigiously at the tipsy young people who had disturbed him in the fulfilment of his duty. One of the secretaries of the finance, repeated the whole verse to him. The soldiers standing about laughed aloud; but the ancient watchman swore, with tears in his eyes, that he had never thought of such a thing. While the examination was going on, and one of the secretaries of the finance minister began to be doubtful whether the poor watchman was really in fault, an uproar was heard outside, and loud cries of " Watch ! watch !" The guard rushed out ; and, in a few minutes, the field-marshal entered the office, accompanied by the captain of the guards on duty. " Have that scoundrel locked up tight," said the marshal, point- ing behind him ; and two soldiers brought in a watchman, whom they held close prisoner, and whom they had disarmed of his staff and horn. " Are the watchmen all gone mad to- night ?" exclaimed the chief of the police. " I'll have the rascal punished for his infamous verses," said the field- marshal, angrily. " Your excellency," exclaimed the trem- bling watchman, "as true as I live, I never made a verse in my born days." " Silence, knave !" roared the marshal. " I'll have you hanged for them ! And if you contradict me again, I'll cut you in two on the spot." The police-officer respectfully observed to the field-marshal that there must be some poetical epidemic among the watchmen; for three had been brought before him within the last quarter of an hour, accused of the same offence. " Gentlemen," said the marshal to the officers who had accompanied him, " since the scoundrel refuses to confess it, it will be necessary to take down, from your remembrance, the words of his atrocious libel. Let them be written down while you still recollect them. Come, who can say them?" The officer of police wrote to the dicta- tion of the gentlemen, who remembered the whole verses between them : " On an empty head a flaunting feather ; A long queue, tied with tape and leather; Padded breast and waist so little, Make the soldier to a tittle By cards, and dice, and dissipation, He's sure to win a marshal's station." " Do you deny, you rascal," cried the field-marshal to the terrified watchman, "do you deny that you sang these in- famous lines as I was coming out of my house ?" " They may sing it who like—it was not me," said the watchman. " Why did you run away, then, when you saw me?" " I did not run away." " What !" said the two officers who had accompanied the marshal, "not run away ? Were you not out of breath when, at last, we laid hold of you there by the market ?" " Yes, but it was with fright at being so ferociously attacked. I am trembling yet in every limb." " Lock the obstinate dog up till morn- ing," said the marshal ; " he will come to his senses by that time ! " With these words, the wrathful dignitary went away. These incidents had set the whole police force of the city on the qui vive. In the next ten minutes two more watchmen were brought to the office on similar charges with the others. One was accused of singing a libel under the window of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, in which it was insinuated that there were no affairs to which he was more foreign than those of his own department. The other had sung some verses before the door of the Bishop's palace, informing him that the " lights of the church" were by no means deficient in tallow, but gave a great deal more smoke than illumina- tion. The prince, who had wrought the poor watchmen all this woe, was always lucky enough to escape, and grew bolder and bolder with every new attempt. The affair was talked of everywhere. The Minister of Police, who was at cards with the king, was informed of the insur- rection among the hitherto peaceful watchmen ; and, as a proof of it, some of the verses were given to him in writing. The king laughed very heartily at the doggrel verses about the miserable police, who were always putting their noses into other people's family affairs, but could never smell anything amiss in their own—and were, therefore, lawful game and ordered the next poetical watchman who should be taken to be brought before him. He broke up the card- table, for he saw that the Minister of Police had lost his good-humour. In the dancing-hall next to the card room, Philip had looked at his watch, and discovered that the time of his ap- pointment with Rose at St. Gregory's had nearly come. He was by no means sorry at the prospect of giving back his silk mantle and plumed bonnet to his sub- stitute, for he began to find high life not quite to his taste. As he was going to the door, the Negro once more came up to him and whispered, " Your highness, Duke Herrman is seeking for you every- where." Philip shook his head impa- tiently and hurried out, followed by the Negro. When they got to the ante- chamber, the Negro cried out, "By Heaven, here comes the duke !" and slipped back into the hall. A tall black mask walked fiercely up to Philip, and said, " Stay a moment, sir, I have a word or two to say to you ; I've been seeking for you long." " Quick, then," said Philip, " for I have no time to lose." " I would not waste a moment, sir—I have sought you long enough ; you owe me satisfaction—you have injured me infamously." " Not that I am aware of." "You don't know me, perhaps," said the duke, lifting up his mask—"now that you see me, your own conscience will save me any more words. I demand satisfaction. You and the cursed Sal- moni have deceived me !" " I know nothing about it," said Philip. "You got up that shameful scene in the cellar of the baker's daughter. It was at your instigation that Colonel Kalt made an assault upon me, with a cudgel." " There's not a word of truth in what you say." "What?—you deny it? The Lady Blankenswerd, the marshal's lady, was an eye- witness of it all, and she has told me every circumstance." " She has told your grace a fancy tale —I have had nothing to do with it—if you made an ass of yourself in a baker's cellar, that was your own fault." " I ask, once more, will you give me satisfaction? If not, I will expose you. Follow me instantly to the king. You shall either fight with me, or—go to his majesty. Philip was non-plused. " Your grace," he said, " I have no wish either to fight with you, or to go to the king." This was indeed the truth, for he was afraid he should be obliged to unmask, and would be punished, of course, for the part he had played. He therefore tried to get off by every means, and watched the door to seize a favourable moment for effecting his escape. The duke, on the other hand, observed the uneasiness of the prince (as he thought him), and waxed more valorous every minute. At last he seized poor Philip by the arm, and was dragging him into the hall. "What do you want with me?" said Philip, sorely frightened, and shook off the duke. "To the king! He shall hear how shamefully you insult a guest at his court." " Very good," replied Philip, who saw no hope of escape, except by continuing the character of the prince. " Very good. Come, then, I am ready. By good luck I happen to have the agreement with me between you and the baker's daughter, in which you promise " Nonsense ! stuff !" answered the duke, " that was only a piece of fun, which may be allowed surely with a baker's daughter. Show it if you like, I will explain all that." But it appeared that the duke was not quite so sure of the explanation, for he no longer urged Philip to go before the king. He, however, insisted more earnestly than ever on getting into his carriage, and going that moment Heaven knows where—to decide the matter with sword and pistol, an arrange- ment which did not suit our watchman at all. Philip pointed out the danger and consequences of such a proceeding, but the duke over-ruled all objections. He had made every preparation, and when it was over he would leave the city that same night. " If you are not the greatest coward in Europe, you will follow me to the car- riage, prince !" "I—am—no—prince!" at last stut- tered Philip, now driven to extremities. " You are. Everybody recognised you at the ball—I know you by your hat. You shan't escape me." Philip lifted up his mask, and showed the duke his face. " Now, then, am I a prince ?" Duke Herrman, when he saw the coun- tentenance of a man he had never seen before, started back, and stood gazing as if he had been petrified. To have re- vealed his secrets to a perfect stranger ! It was horrible beyond conception !—But before he had recovered from his sur- prise, Philip had opened the door and effected his escape. CHAPTER XI. The moment he found himself at liberty, he took off his hat and feathers, and wrap- ping them in his silk mantle, rushed through the streets towards St. Gregory's, carrying them under his arm. There stood Rose already, in a corner of the high church-door, expecting his ar- rival. ' Ah, Philip ! dear Philip ! " she said, pressing his hand, " how happy you have made me ! How lucky we are ! I was very uneasy to get away from my friend's house ; and I have been waiting here this quarter of an hour, but never cared for the frost and snow—my happiness was so great. I am so glad you're come back." "And I, too, dear Rose, thank God I have got back to you. May the eagles fly away with these trinkum-trankums of great people. But I'll tell you some other time of the scenes I've had. Tell me now, my darling, how you are, and whether you love me still!" Ah! Philip, you've become a great man now, and it would be better to ask if you still care anything for me." " Thunder ! how came you to know so soon that I have been a great man ?" "Why, you told me yourself. Ah! Philip, Philip, I only hope you won't be proud, now that you've grown so rich. I am but a poor girl, and not good enough for you now ; and I have been thinking, Philip, if you forsake me, I would rather have had you continue a poor gardener. I should fret myself to death, if you for- sook me." " What are you talking about, Rose ? 'Tis true that for one half-hour I have been a prince—'twas but a joke ; and I want no more of such jokes in my life. Now I am a watchman, and as poor as ever. To be sure, I have five thousand dollars in my pocket, that I got from a Mameluke. That would make us rich ; but, unfortunately, they don't belong to me." "You're speaking nonsense, Philip," said Rose, giving him the purse of gold that the prince had given her. " Here, take back your money-'tis too heavy for my bag." " What should I do with all this gold? Where did you get it, Rose ?" " You won it in the lottery, Philip." " What ! have I won ? And they told me at the office my number was not yet out. I had hoped and wished that it might come to give us a setting up in the world ; but gardener Redman said to me as I went a second time towards the office, ' Poor Philip ! a blank.' Huzza ! I have won ! Now I will buy a large garden, and marry you. How much is it ?" "Are you crazy, Philip, or have you drunk too much ? You must know better than I can tell you how much it is. I only looked at it quietly under the table, at my friend's, and was so frightened to see so many glittering coins—all of gold, Philip. Ah ! then, I thought, no wonder Philip was so impertinent—for, you know, you were very impertinent, Philip—but I can't blame you for it. Oh ! I could throw my own arms round your neck, and cry for joy." " Rose, if you will do it, I shall make no objections. But here's some misun- derstanding here. Who was it that gave you this money, and told you it was my prize in the lottery ? I have my ticket safe in a drawer at home, and nobody has asked me for it." "Ah! Philip, don't play your jokes on me. Yourself told me it half-an-hour ago, and gave me the purse with your own hand." " Rose, try to recollect yourself. This morning I saw you at mass, and we agreed to meet here to-night ; but since that time I have not seen you for an instant." " No, except half-an-hour ago, when I saw you at Steinman's door. But what is that bundle under your arm? Why are you without a hat this cold night? Philip ! Philip ! be careful. All that gold may turn your brain. You've been in some tavern, Philip, and have drunk more than you should. But tell me, what is in the bundle ? Why, here's a woman's silk gown ! Philip, Philip ! where have you been?" " Certainly not with you half-an-hour ago. You want to play tricks on me, I fancy. Where have you got that money, I should like to know ?" "Answer me first, Philip, where you got that woman's gown? Where have you been, sir?" They were both impatient for explana- tions—both a little jealous—and finally began to quarrel. CHAPTER XII. But as this was a lover's quarrel, it ended as lover's quarrels invariably do. When Rose took out her white pocket handkerchief, put it to her beautiful eyes, and turned away her head as the sighs burst forth from her breast, this sole argument proved instantly that she was in the right, and Philip decidedly in the wrong. He confessed he was to blame for everything, and told her that he had been at a masked ball, and that his bun- dle was not a silk gown, but a man's mantle and a hat and feathers. He had now to undergo a rigid examination. Every maiden knows that a masked ball is a dangerous maze for unprotected hearts. It is like plunging into a whelming sea of dangers, and you will be drowned if you are not a good swimmer. Rose did not consider Philip the best swimmer in the world—it is difficult to say why. He denied having danced, but when she asked him he could not deny having talked with some feminine masks. He related the whole story to her, yet would constantly add, " The ladies were of high rank, and they took me for another." Rose doubted him a little, but she suppressed her resentment until he said they took him for Prince George. Then she shook her little head, and still more when she heard that Prince George was transformed into a watchman while Philip was at the ball. But he smothered her doubts by saying that in a few minutes the prince would appear at St. Gregory's church and exchange his watchcoat for the mask. Rose, in return, related all her adven- ture ; but when she came to the incident of the kiss—" Hold there !" cried Philip ; " I did'nt kiss you, nor, I am sure, did you kiss me in return." "I am sure it was intended for you, then," replied Rose, whilst her lover rubbed his hair down, for fear it should stand on end. " If it was not you," con- tinued Rose anxiously, " I will believe all you have been telling." But as she went on with her story a light seemed to break in on her, and she exclaimed, " And after all, I do not believe it was Prince George in your coat !" Philip was certain it was, and cried, " The rascal ! He stole my kisses-now I understand! That's the reason he wanted to take my place, and gave me his mask !" And now the stories he had heard at the masquerade came into Philip's head. He asked if anybody had called at her mother's to offer her money —if any gentleman was much about Milk Street—if she saw any one watching her at church; but to all his questions her answers were so satisfactory, that it was impossible to doubt her total ignorance of all the machinations of the rascally courtiers. He warned her against all the advances of philanthropical and compas- sionate princes—and Rose warned him against the dangers of a masked ball and adventures with ladies of rank, by which many young men have been made un- happy—and as everything was now for- given, in consideration of the kiss not having been wilfully bestowed, he was on the point of claiming for himself the one of which he had been cheated, when his designs were interrupted by an unex- pected incident. A man out of breath with his rapid flight rushed against them. By the greatcoat, staff, and horn, Philip recognised his deputy. He, on the other hand, snatched at the silk cloak and hat. " Ah, sir !" said Philip, " here are your things. I would not change places with you again in this world! I should be no gainer by the operation!" " Quick, quick !" cried the prince, and threw the watchman's apparel on the snow and fastened on his mask, hat, and cloak. Philip returned to his old beaver and coat, and took up the lanthorn and staff. Rose had shrunk back into the door. " I promised thee a dole, comrade—but it's a positive fact—I have not got my purse." "I've got it here," said Philip, and held it out to him. " You gave it to my intended there ; but, please your high- ness, I must forbid all presents in that quarter." "Comrade, keep what you have got, and be off as quick as you can. You are not safe here." The prince was flying off as he spoke, but Philip held him by the mantle. "One thing, my lord, we have to settle—" " Run, watchman, I tell you ! They're in search of you." " I have nothing to run for. But your purse, here—" "Keep it, I tell you. Fly! if you can run." "And a billet of Marshal Blankens- werd's for five thousand dollars—" "Ha! what the plague do you know about Marshal Blankenswerd?" " He said it was a gambling debt he owed you. He and his lady start to- night for their estates in Poland." "Are you mad?—how do you know that? Who gave you the message for me?" " And, your highness, the minister of finance will pay all your debts to Abraham Levi and others, if you will use your in- fluence with the king to keep him in office." "Watchman! you've been tampering with old Nick." " But I rejected the offer." " You rejected the offer of the min- ister?" " Yes, your highness. And, moreover, I have entirely reconciled the Baroness Bonau with the Chamberlain Pilzou." " Which of us two is a fool ?" "Another thing, your highness, Sig- nora Rollina is a bad woman. I have heard of some love affairs of hers. You are deceived—I therefore thought her not worthy of your attentions, and put off the meeting to-night at her house." " Signora Rollina ! how did you come to hear of her?" "Another thing—Duke Herrman is terribly enraged about that business in the cellar. He is going to complain of you to the king." "The duke! Who told you about that?" " Himself. You are not secure yet— but I don't think he'll go to the king, for I threatened him with his agreement with the baker's daughter. But he wants to fight you—be on your guard." " Once for all—do you know how the duke was informed of all this ?" "Through the marshal's wife. She told all, and confessed she had acted the witch in the ghost-raising." The prince took Philip by the arm. " My good fellow," he said, " you are no watchman." He turned his face towards a lamp, and started when he saw the face of this strange man. " Are you possessed by Satan, or .... who are you ?" said George, who had become quite sober. " I am Philip Stark, the gardener, son of old Gottlieb Stark, the watchman," said Philip, quietly. [To be concluded in our next.] 