A VOICE FROM. THE COUNTRY. -*- INCIDENTS OF AUSTRALIAN TRAVEL. SEVEN miles from the nearest neighbour, about three thousand feet above the sea in the wild wooded mountains of Cook, stands an accommodation house ; a low wooden cottage, neat and clean, but verv Aus- tralian-a quiet little place such as we meet with far from towns. A few cleared meadows about the house are dotted with cattle, for it is a stopping place for fat stock on their way to market, and about the cottage are some groups of gaily-dressed men, with scarlet shirts and high leather boots, while the pack saddles are hardly removed from their weary horses. The eye wanders round upon the scene near; all so domestic, the proud domineering turkey cock, the busy hens, the geese, with their downy goslings, children at play, all the objects of a well stocked farmyard, and beyond the rich, dense wood, with tints so varied, the golden and red young leaves, the deep green of acacias , the sombre shades of the gum-trees, and, above these, the vivid green of the semi-tropical vegetation clinging to the moun- tain sides, while, through occasional gaps in the mountain range, the blue distance is seen. Even, to complete the scene, there is an ivy-crowned ruin-not of castellated towers-but the ruins of the big house, the memorial of incomplete designs, and be it credibly received-the residence of a ghost. In a very low room, around a well covered supper- table, are assembled a group of travellers, old friends meeting after some months, and, between attention to the cups of tea, and roast sucking pig recounting their travels. The one had just come from Queensland, five hun- dred miles. The journey up, i.e., from Cook to Queensland, was very wet "At one time he says, " the whole surface of the ground was covered with water ; I knew of a small rise, and we made for that through miles of floodland, up to the horses' girths, we could only tell the path by occasionally seeing the tops of bushes or grass at either side of it, but we pushed on. The rise was above the water -- just a small spot like an island we could not even put up our tent, and had great trouble to kindle a fire and boil a pot of tea. After that we stretched ourselves on the ground wrapped up in our blankets, I set up a pack saddle and threw an oil cloth over it, so as to make a shelter for my head, and slept through the night. At dawn we were off again, every where a sheet of water, no dry land, and rain falling ; the horses tired with being so long in water, and that made our progress more difficult but at night we reached another island, erected the tent, gathered bushes, and spread our blankets on them : we were comfortable then, except- ing that owing to the falling rain we could not make a fire, so had not even a drink of tea to warm us. The protracted rain had prevented drays from travelling, even where at the stations rations were out, and the people living on beef and milk, no tea nor sugar, no flour. Contrasting the present feast with that time of scarcitv, our traveller tells of their sufferings, of kneading of a little flour, when it could be pro- cured, on a sheet of bark or oilskin wrapper, and baking the cakes upon the live embers " I've mixed up dough for a leather jacket on my saddle flap often, comments a second traveller. And so the past is discussed, only being subject of interest or laughter now , for, strange as it may seem, there is a sort of immunity from disease experienced by bushmen, which bears them unscathed through field and flood. "We had, said the first traveller "a rope across the river at the station, by which we worked the canoe, drawing it along hand over hand ; some of the blacks had been across and sunk the canoe in some way, so we stretched a green hide on some sticks, and it answered very well for bringing across rations, but later in the morning I was working a gentleman across and he moved, the hide boat tilted, and the water ran over the side ' the water's flowing in,' he called, and I turned to see, and gave it a lurch the other way, and down it went, leaving us in very deep water, however, with the aid of the rope, we reached the shore safely enough, and had a good laugh over the incident. But our travellers do not always suffer from excess of water, on the contrary, as scarcitv is frequently severely felt in journevings across the country. At the present time a deep gloom has fallen over the whole community from the sad termination of the exploring party under the command of Mr Burke, -their end rendered doubly distressing from the cir- cumstance of them having met with the most gratifying success in the outward journey, and sinking on their homeward way. It it a mournful consideration that each addition to civilised territories, or geographical knowledge, is gained over the dead bodies of fallen heroes. The burning wilds of Africa entomb a Clapperton and Lander , the icy deserts of the North a Franklin, and Australia has her Leichhardt, Kennedy, Burke, and Wills. Brave noble spirits, who die, not useless, not unmourned , true heroes, who struggle with hardships and want, and suffering, rendered doubly torturing from being protracted, with a fortitude and patience which almost ranks them amongst " the noble array or martyrs." Several of these explorers have perished by the spear of the black, but others have met with not only a peaceable reception but even kindness. It will be fresh in the minds of all how kindly Burke s party were treated by the tribe who inhabited that district where their wandering ended. While many accuse the Australian blacks of every mean and evil propensity, and represent them us des- titute of all generositv or nobleness, how strikingly does the conduct of these poor creatures controvert such sweeping censures. Could the white, educated Christian have done more ? Of their need they gave to these strangers, not angered at their intrusion upon their territories, but weeping over their deaths, and hastening to the survivor with the joyful intelli- gence that the white-follows were coming when suc- cour arrived There is something in all this which should not readily be forgotten, while a murder by the blacks is so loudly proclaimed. In the latter case, while we view with rightful horror such murders as those committed recently uponi Mr Wills and his servants, we should bear in mind the aboriginal law, which requires expiatory blood for blood,-not the blood of the injurer, but of any of his tribe. There are a lawless class among the whites who are incessantly aggressing upon the blacks, heedless of the result. They may escape, and the innocent fall victims to their crimes, while the blame rests less with the savage than the Christian and educated man, so called. The few efforts which have been made to Chris- tianise the aborigines have been almost failures, and the idea has been taken up that they are past redemption ; yet, Mr Ridley's experience proves that they are capable of instruction, and refutes the cry " they are a cursed race which never can be im- proved." Are there now no faithful devoted hearts in all Christendom ready to try? Not to gather these true Arabs into towns, but to wander with them till re- ligion has done its work, and they, of their own ac- cord seek temporal improvement. Surely, the spirit which has and still leads the Morravian to entomb himself in the l?zar houseof Africa might animate some to a work infinitely less revolting; more hope- ful, requiring no life-long surrender of kindred and humanity, excepting the particular race to be benefited. Many tribes are now extinct, their voices are silenced, but that very silence pleads eloquently for the living - they went down untaught, except in evil - wasted by disease introduced with civilised sins, -- the "place that once knew them knows them no more forever"-- their very graves arc generally unknown. But thousands live, the echoes of thousand feet sound in the far interior, the young and the old are there, they have shown us that the feelings of common humanity animate their breasts, that there are materials to work upon, would that my feeble voice could touch some Christian heart and rouse it to "come over and help us." But the incidents of Australian travel are by no means generally so tragic, constantly are small parties traversing our wildernesses in safety. Mounted on a good horse, and leading a relay, with a packhorse following, the traveller goes cheerfully on his way; provisions in his pack, a blanket to roll himself in of a night, a waterproof wrapper to ward off the dews of heaven, and his constant friend and solace, the pipe, only changing its place from his lips to his pockets. Thus equipped, the bushman ex- periences a pleasing sense of freedom and indepen- dence, and a quiet buoyancy of spirit which makes minor inconveniences unheeded. Sometimes his sole companion is a native black, also mounted. On one occasion of the kind, long years since, a gentleman started with an old man, the chief of the tribe, as his guide, in search of a spot suitable for a cattle station; tho country was very mountain- ous and woody, deep ravines continually altered their course, till, in tune, the old chief passed his own territory, and entering on unknown ground was lost. The guide being bewildered, it naturally resulted that the guided was also; in this dilemma their provisions failed, and their situation became rather serious; the black caught a guana (sic) and roasted it, but this was soon consumed, and they were still engulfed in endless mountains woven with creeping plants, and cedar brushes, and riven by rocky gullies. A bee hive was next discovercd, the honey the faithful black refused to share, but kept it for his white com- panion. For three days the gentleman was thus sus- tained, and then they reached the chief's territory again, and he was at home. In after years, when the gentleman was dead, the chief, then an aged man, loved to relate the incidents of this little journey, to dilate upon their anxieties, and recur to the honeycomb which "him bin get for Misa'r A_____" When night comes, the traveller unladens his horses, puts on their hobbles, and then attends to his own comforts; most probably he has no tent to erect, perhaps he builds a screen of branches , in any case a good fire is equally a matter of course in summer as winter. A few coals are raked out, and the tin quart set to boil As the bubbles rise round the rim, a generous handful of tea is cast in, cross sticks laid on the top, and the mixture left to boil for a few minutes. These cross sticks have a charm in them which gives, so says the bushman, a peculiar aroma to his tea. For my part, I have failed to detect the utile of the proceeding. Tea is now ready, the damper or hearthcake is drawn from the provision bag, but the damper is found insufficient for the assembled appetite. A few fresh branches are thrown on the fire in this emergency, one rapidly, by the aid of a tomahawk or small axe, strips a little sheet of bark from the nearest tree, and turning the inner side upmost mixes on it a dough of flour and water , this is pressed out very thin, divided into circular cakes, and a glowing mass of embers being spread, is laid on it ; in a few minutes they require turning, and in a few more the bread supply is complete. Very pleasant flavoured are these extemporised " leather jackets," and make an acceptable addition to the salt beef or bacon which comprises the meal. How many quarts of tea have been boiled it would not be safe to men- tion, particularly if the day has been warm. A smoke follows, and then repose , and what a sound sleep it is, with the light blue smoke curling above him, dis- pelling damp, and driving away the mosquitoes which are sounding their little war trumpets most annoy- ingly, the scanty sod is esteemed a feather bed, and a saddle a down pillow. The cries of flying foxes and oppossums and other nocturnal animals do not break the traveller's repose, though they form an appropriate serenade to that wild bivouac. There is a charm in this nomadic life, which they who have not tried can form no idea of, and they who have tried grow so attached to as to be quite averse to a settled mode of existence. There are now many of our old colonists who delight in nothing more than seeing the equipments strapped upon the stanch horses, and starting upon their five or ten hundred miles journey. L. A. 