IA3B AND HIIS FRIENDS. tP'rot "I1otia ubsatel ," by John Blrcwn, 1.D.] Itab had the dignity and aimplicity of great size; and having fought his way along the road to absolute sjurenmacy, he -asL u mlghtyI in hit own line as Julia, Crewar or the Duke of Welliraton, and Lad the gravit 1I of all great fighters. You muat have oftn obserred the likeness Tf men to certain animal,, and of certain dog, to met. Now, I never looked at ifab wi/hout thinkfkng of the great iapltist prea cher, Andrew Fulhbr.2 ?The same large, heavy, er.acing, bombuative, ombre, bonest cO,nter?arcp,, the tame deep inevitable eye, the tame look,- as of t'uader aaleei, but ready,-n-lther a dog nor a man to be tifled with. Next day, my master, the surgeon, exami ,ed Aile. 'There ert no doubt it mut kill her, sad noon. It could be removed-ft might rever returrj-it would give her speedy refle?--she alcould have it done. She curt.ie, looked at Jams and said, " Wihe.n "' "To morrow," said te kirnd sorg,-oo-a man of few word'. Fhe and Jamres and Itab and I retired. I noticed that he and she spoke. lit tle, but u-eewed to anticipate ever) tllng in each other. The following day, at noon, the studente came in, hurry ing up the great stair. At the first ls~dinrg ,lacu, on a amall well-knoe n black board, was a bit of paper faateed by wafer,, and mar.y remain, of eld wafers Leside It. On the pal er were the word,, -" An operation to-day. J. 13i Clerk. Up'I ran the youthr, eager to secure good places: in they croadedl, lull of nter, 't and talk. " Whbat's the cLte? " " Which sidela It!" Don't think them heardllts; they arc nel tler bettar nor worse than you or I: they get over their professional borrors, and into their proper work- and in them rIity--as anr trrurtlo(, ending In tscff or at blst in tiar a cnd a long-draw Nr breathl, lease-n, while pity as a motre, Il qteuickened, and gains power and purpose. It it well for poor humau naitre that it Is so. 'The operating thtatre Is crowded; much talk and fun, ati all thie cordiality and stir of y rjth. 'The surgeon with i Is?ltaff of aiaftantlr s there, In comes Aille: one look at her qulte anti abate the eager studentl. 'That besatiful olt woman is too much for thle-m ; they sit down, and are dumhb, and gaze at her. 'fIhee rough biys) feel the po wer of her presencep. She walks in qtlckly, but wltholut haste; dressed in her mutctl, her neckerchief, her white drisrity ahorl-gowrn, her black bhouclb?ze? l petticoat, showing her white, worsted *toeckingsarid her curpet-shoes. Jlehitrd her sils Ja.:e, and Itah. Jatmes at duow In tlhe dlita.cer:, tenld teeck that huge anl noble head belwe.t his kee,. Ilthub looked erplexpded ehnl d?eri,o.; for oser cocking rla ear and dJroppitig it ?, 1fst. Ailie stlp ,rd up oll i .h it, and Ia id h. ers I on tle taie, at her frie fell Iee eurgrene telel her ; urraeneler i l.'rea lie, ltva e it reelet lIjeiok st JoUlesl, eiut her e) cs, re-ted lera.gl iee me, anl tock lli ) L ciri. T'lIhce rl eratijon naele at orcc begunc; it .x ,te i :t-c' e.ma ily doiw ; t re'l t:hleretollmt-- ,r, e eIf ( ij' lie bt lItsi t, hisi suffll -rinl'g cl irr r -- na 11 lit h kll ll t k It o ii . 1Ili surgeon. did he e k. k :I le la lce shonhmiI I A lleliheel ,a s.ee'hn le r, hle n i akieel whi a - t rrl?re levlse er, e Irll, I 1 ell tk ie+ FIo It eli irnllreller, li n' Ii?ci li i i)il r J l,.e,) till , "lIi, .if l , hif,'n ld,,1 ' 1, a ., , am , n , i. ju.L Il.s I r on e-2 . tc eull ee , i, ry , whe rner ,l batlI e 111c l toe e,, Illr.e I e tn ?ee Ifl ll o 1 iil, e 1) r, t iec rele h ie. lc Iesn i 'lr, i e'I ecces ',, Kilt, eael cree" l .,+n " Ih ihi e ie lle I li eiell, el al e. ,lir, eeeal a roeetleeuii , five only in tlhl. )t. "lkd , i ll how .AIt, ) Ilr uw ,d to ny, th I hlll e i i we i Ii M1 . 1 , 1 tid c l* tow .cc /o niec le eec Jicie,' lhe Jecece , lee ce ecew h ti. 'iee' Inll-II. oe l, e lll ' 1 wc ol,' ee' w ,eee chll w'+I t ifilm e eeh il. li wh h l i' et i' ; 11 . e 1ield lii e,, i ae" et 1eteIIII'|| a1 1 '. i Ulic ee'" II,' eel'cll I lllX'l+ ile e I Iurtrel leele t he le . I ne hl e )le.e n h ,l I wi;le 11 " a The 1"u ily" w'eloul I a1 "nn i a,1)' c ''e ctl,.r." its ;ain, baa as Ito 01 sfamt. Iteh's erol 1 san wor ing wit is Lies; be uesa tkt "+res \- ting lsange was go - or,-oe2d Sr ing tross. hit maIast s, and uering, ; It ri - t rd ear was all, sad importtunete; be r roated and gave nw and th?s a ,ar apatiaet el he tmveal hiae laed to bare daone a eoethig to that san.. Bt Ja e. a. Li E and care him a wostrr from ti me to time, a??,d an ettisnatin c1 a pesik kick; - all the f et ter for Jless, it k1t his e cnd d thind. W ff Azie. It is over: he is drsed, gently ad Sike?d . b-r -dn?, fixedon re-.a t re te kes fo James; then, tar;g to the surge, c an the studeets, ,~s c ses,-&d; in a lw, clear v lyo, It i their seuron if abe Lts t na ied 4 ill1. The tuestE -efl of ut-wept like chia Er'l; the rnrgýeo biped her up carefolly, and rutting on James and me, Alibe west to her rook, Lab tol lowt? rg We put. her to bed. Ja?mes took of Lie heavy shoes, crammeedwith tackets, beal-capt a, S tC-capt and pot them carefully under the table aty ics, "dlistiter- ?obt; I'm for nae o' ye stryige usrae bodies for Ailen. IT bew her nurse, ard I'll gang about on my stockin' ole as canny a ts psy." And an he did; sad handy and clever, rd swift and tender as any rat an, was that burny-haarod-, snelI, r pereptiory little tssan. Ever3 thing she got he gave Ler: he seldom sleg4; and trn I I saw bistmanll shred tyes out of the dark- a use, fixed on her. As before, they spoke i little. a Bab behaved rwell, never moving, showing c us bow meek and gentle he could be, and I ocrasionally, in his sleep, letting as know r that he was demolishing some adversar. lie took a walk with me every day, generally to the Candlemaker Ltow; but he was sonbre I and mild; declined doing battle, though some I fit eases offered, and mindeed submtted to e sundry indignities; and was always very , ready to turn, and came tnster back, and ; trotted up the stair with much lightness, and a went straight to that door. r Jest, the mare, had been sent, with her h wearter*worn cart, to ilowgate, and had a doubtless her own dim and placid meditations and confusions, on the absence of her m?ater a and Rab, and her unnatural freedom from the fI road and her cart. o For some days Aoille did welL The wound I healed "y the first intention;" feor as James .aid, "Oor Ailie's skin 's ower clean to beril" The students came in quiet and anxious, and a surrounded her bed. She said she liked to I see their young, bonest faces. The surgeon - dressed her, and spoke to her in his own I short kind way, pit;dng her through his eyes, d Ifhb and James outside the carcle,-Hlab I being now recounded, and even cordial, and a having made up bit mind that as yet nobody ib requiredl worrying. but, as you may sauppose, J teereper parates. I So far well: but, four days aster the openr- r tion, my patient hid a sudden and Ion na shivering, a " ooin'," as she called it. 1o aw her soon after her eyes were too bright, I her check coloure; ,be was restlest , and as Sashamed of being to; the balance was lost; a mnixhief had berpn. On looking at the b wound, a blush of red told the secret: her b Spule was rapid, ter breathing anxious and ii quick, she wasn't herself, as she said, and h was vexed at her restlessnessL We tried a what we could. Junes did everything, was b everwhere; never in the way, never out of b It; ILab subnided ulder the table into a dark place, and was mdionleas, all but his eye, w which followed every one. Ailie got worse; b began to wander in her mind, gently; was ti tmore demonstrative in her ways to James, a rapid in her questions, and sharp at times. sc liHe was vexed, ad said, "she was never that a1 way afore, no never." For a time she knew r her head was wreng, and was always asking d our pardon-the dear gentle old woman: ti then delirium set in strong, without pause. w Her brain gave way, and then came that he terrible spectacle, Il "Tbhe ite!le.ursl power, through words nd it. things, as Went aJnding on its dim and prrilous way;" te she sang bits of old songs and 'Psalms, stop. w pin" suddenly, mingling the I'aalms of Davl, le andithe diviner words of his Son and Lord, be with homely odds and ends and scraps of he ballad.. tb Nothing more totiling, or in a sense more strangely beautiful, did I ever witness. Hler ls tremulous, rapid, affectionate, erger, Scotch c! voice,-the swift, uimklca, bewildered mind, se the baffled utterance, the bright and perilous to eye; some wild woids, some household cares, cO something lor James, the names of the dead, It Inab called rapidly iad in a "fremyt" voice, 1 and he starting up, surprised and slinking off l as if he were to Lsne somiewbow, or had di been dreaming he Ieard. Many eager ques. an tions and bcseechhgs which James and I hi c ould make nothirg of, and on which the do seemed to set her all, and then sink back w ununderstood. It was very sad, but better Is than many thingK that are not called sad. Je James hovered about, put out and miserable, & but active and exact as cver; read to her, when there was a lull, siort bits from the in 'Psalms, prose and metre, chanting the latter di in his own rude antd ,srimus way, showilig h great knowledge of the fit words,,bearing up .w hke i man, andl dating over her as his "sin I Ailie." "Ailie, rna woman !" "lMa sinr l bonnie wee dawtie !" 10 'I he end was drawing ro : the golden howl to was breakiug ; the ihcr crrtd wa f?st l,eir;I ui loosed-that ariorl, Il',Is, ioguli, I.prl, 'Jl comrrqis, sac ahoot ti 11 e. 'IThe botyv :4Jd the soul-compan;ir.n for ·ixty y'ear.- ;ore f beitg .urider d, ri t i tdiIig iiv.e .heiia. It stladowl i tto ushi 'i o:,e day u , , c ri tt ill i r, \- al vet she wi ' i, t .flo,, J ;,r Ill kn:, li 5 tJ1,e night hie l:vl fill,. ,lp et, *ul ;, weii iliut l i ,lL t:IcI l :j i , il I at i ,tS hl it h:r. '1 ,"wl,], nly *h,: , , t up, i. bed, t Jo l Htl. igl a?, b,( 11 1h,,h it i* . i]y 'ii "her trre t,- --l tIe rilht ii ?'?r ,rui?J? herr.q ;d ,;'j, wll]in ? , uer wi. l, iiihu h s lir sikilig u fil i; il""iiii;l I iut iJ;r ,:'hte-;,i it l l iflitiell tlyl , aij fuI } llll li it Ioo . nill tirioi igl guvl r it, uril Ilrli r I ing? htlier fr b .l rldt , i' oii ver Sitne wshsmli hl s t Isoi Lil r (i:i 1i ,rtl.tll , t ;itl wlllo si k ir:. iul] is Ii htir walticld dlyilg l,1k, nieut atil )et ilglte I, J'r, ?e II' '" gtl" tiiled ,.1uiiii', giving dl way. A nil tlhr lhe rickli bik aid foi ward, f us ifrho fith Il. it shli l, hfi hi g it, nai s?isthig bl i il it hvr iuitiite fimiiurs. " 'e a ue, I. diutur; I diclari e lsu ' thi kii n it s that lirn." '" \'hat tiri'i " "' T ' i ly iut ir we eer h ii; ,ur is-,u 'i .ii, iiil ahe's i nI i' lthe tig. iheri Ibrly i -urs loil oiiir," It w-as ],aiyiiuiy tru'ii: ihii Iin fill the iruif, thljug its urgi t iinullileS' of s i breast full of .,ilk, midt thitn the ill; sltl tia again ol.ice ore the)' al were tother, and she ad her i - a i'si e- in herg btea. w This wa the doase. hea er.e" .: e . : t'e ldde runa Idk her: b: .: see e f !he >d tit "eiEa aslI it wa the e 1,! 7 fare the ?iale ork-s? r? - Ssel time hei 1.l3-r, tve: d : .,. h "iamb li te cars~e -,e r-e '- p upIer a.detir_ k:- ':'U* te. . e- hito ea long Ihak. "3ar?v-.:. .,. y`. wif shortly, .?o ",d f . Enid . : . _,-: re, thein the Ld :.?7.4r iL' t L L'4 d thewould nerer ie es a ,u , :-: ý. e: Ir ease, and soup.?d te.=. _.ij y fL r Ssome time breaw:= qui:. c ar. o -1 s.aJ r so gently, aido ? We 7 ? " : wfe ? Le d tore, James, in te s aldn tAh ei nT. n-i -t the irwa to her f we. A-t: a -e . ? ,e , o ne small spot of d?iamnef si asroed s it oanithed aw?y and Me t r.zr td. It th r the Uank dear darkrnees ", t.. . :rr I tJ:a. , a st4 "What is ouer life it is C rert a Ta t yarr, wh ich:e he' hp.fee a r Bab all this time had bee , t0i1 a-ac' ea. r mei?osonleaa: he canao fw-er- ofdean mie Ale's hbead, which Gr-' d Je r .-. was hanging down; it wav scer k id ,i tert - r ib liked it all re: 'caret,:. I-ed a: he:, andreturned to his ipla-. ' "-he taber James and I sat. I '-"t re'.t iwo I but for some time,-sar-: : . e' started -p abrupt! , anti use .: went to the table, and pn - him "" free and middle ftabera into a tie ; ,ile- dptL e out, and put them on, Lbre-waE , e c'I the leather latchts. and acrerr-: 1.i a. e, I never did the like o' that afore I believe he never: did : az ri either. Is ab!" he said roughly., -i pw:ith - t his thumb to the bote: of t. tei I' leapt up, and settled himseif - ' s L-a-d and eyes to the dead fare. " 11ai.#r J'hn.reI wait for mee," said the ceritr : and l peared in the darknets, t'ht e ; , dre stairs in his heary boes. I -a ra:: : . or window; there be was, a?.re-' . d ',ae house, and out at the gate. fee r. _k ka shadow. I was afraid about him, ant ?, rea t nfraa : so I atd dow n side tfab, &zd; ?.a, a edeed, fell asleep I awoke fromn a siden -ise outside. It was Norcvber. ae-m the e had been a heavy fall of snow. JILL' was is ,rrt So, he hearl d the noise to-. eand painly kn it, but never mno'ei. I ;eooke-d out; and there, at the gate, in the dru morninz for the son was mot up, wa Jess anrd the cart. -s cloud of steam risng from the old mare. I did not see James t ie was aklesdv at the door, and cawe up the stairs, and met me. It was less. than three boars mce he left, and he must have posted out-who kn.ws how `-to lowgate fhal nine milh of ; yoyed Jess, and driven her astonished into town H?e had an armful of blaakek , and was streaming with perspiration. Il nodded to me, spread oat on the door two s-ir of clean old bmlankets having at their c rer, "A. G., 1794," in large letrers in red wocnted. These were the i hnius of Alis.o Gr \a.,. and Jame, may bare looked in at her fr-n without himself unseen but anot ?rbonrit of-When he was "cat, wat, and weary," it d aftelr ha ing walked many a mile over tie lills, may have tseen her aitti g, while "a' the aIre were aleepin' ;" and by the dre ibt workin; her name on the blanIet,, for hcain James's bed. Ile motioned Riab down, sad taking his wife in his arms, laid her in the Iankets, ah d happed her carefully and frarn: up. learinr the fale uncovered; and then tlin her, hie nodded again sharply to me, anl with a re solved but utterly miserable aret, sty sit alone the passage, and down stir. foltlowed by ,fab. I tollowed with a i bt; but he didn't need it. I went out, hbdinz stupidly thecandle in my hand in the cam tro .ny air; we were soon at the gate. I crl ' hrave helped him, but I saw he wa' trot to be .edd led with, and be was stron:, aryl did not nee d it. Ile laid her down as terderlv. as 'nfel , as he had lifted her out tenr da before-tas tenderly as when he ha'd he firt in his arms when she was only "' A. .".-e-ted her, leaving that beautiful scaled face open to the heavens: and then taking lee, by the head, he moved away. le did lt notice ume, nti ther did Ith. who presrided behin'-l the eart. I stood till they pae'd throe .rh the log shadowofthe College, end turned :p Ni culhon Street. I nrear( the eelitarv cart sound through the streets, arid t.e eart at,] come again; and I returne thr.ri ng i th aht com paniy going up Libbertos i ira'. then anig, Itoalin Muir, the morning ehht touchine the lentlands and making tirmi hime o'-larkin ghosts; thren down the I.i') tlhlr.ie .1a, in dlnny woods, part " hi treled %,u l'ht ie we; and as daybreak came ri:el p.! up the bleak Latnrnermugir, a lt fI ll h.tii- ?. hn door, the companIy .nonl l tl,. anti .ihfli a would take the key, Iand it ASlik up atliln, laying her ion her own 'd. ani lrit; puth Jess up, would return nit!h 1t;h, ;it ehut tii door. James burie. d his wife-. r.i: ii nie i theurs' mourning, lanh iilnspect t . . i fron a distance. It n:,,, .1's . 111 that I t lck ran; eu bole would look 'tranne it thle iin t oft the swelling 'pltle.* cl"-tl'F 'f I ul.te. .Jimes looikt( after tverythine: ;heir rather fumhkln ly fell ill, auil tluk to bed; ia, iie-ille when the doctor cariti, and 'oon died. A surt of low fit r I::+ 1prl uand hin, ta t of 1#e;,. Lis ,xhau, trio , and his miir~ey, iiice tuu i ;.ut it tla: it. 1lie grisv Vwi' lOt Ihilce It ti ri.-I;eri .\ Sri-I trill of stiiil hil agiin~i made nil ,slitie anil Awtl is lit 'if fIth?1 1 Islitd fr him tnett ssii k itt the ili n iw ntr tIier Irlig t the t,'iiitiiill .10 titl I lerenurt. ''llon's lillI ' tie hutrile otT. did oaili ritlier riiiely. What's ,i lir lplt 1,11. '' Where's lull lHe-, getting coni illelI 1111 reit. anil irilerlledldhllg with list luair. sulill "'lleul. ir, 111111 held.'' II lead I Ii at 'lid lie 'lie el i"' ' Weel, sir," said he, gI tring r' 11k1r. lie didiit exatiely ahe; lie wa's laiini. I lhad tni lre-il lh n isi' ti rnek 1111; thllre wIai Ide dini' wi' liiii. tle lily ini the Irell's Ui' the Iii hr.tri tete-InadnIIcm tint. ttik IetinVligu, 11111 kieeiit tme friic fe'liti' the beast, ruiji lii no ua e:e ur plrrlin', tie- gre-p gelpijjl' itie liy the leg'. t 141 ltiitli to ititke 1111\. ii' the nuui tliwg, hin like way-ut ilti eil i ,th inisl Ihlori-iill,- huh, 'deeil, ,-ir, I eonuii alo il-i tiiig -Ise.'' I believed liimi. lit eiii flt hr uh, Illlik hull coimp~lete, lii teeth 11111 his frir-lls guile, owly slioulil le keept the Il-nce, umh lie civil 