As Aurrsna.Lea WAKE.-The case of Ryan against a man rejoicing in the snusual name of 4bel Death was of this extraordinary character. he reader may start-as at first I own I did-when I found I had to deal with such a bill of porticulars as the following items, which disclosed thot a man was summoned before me to pay for spirits drunk at liis own wake, and that the waked man otood on the floor before me as defendant. The bill wasoof this character:-" Abel Death, farmer, debtor to Phillip Ryan. publican. For sundry spiriteous liquors furnished for the wahe of Abel Death, and da-rask thereat, £3 10s.; sia pounels of tobacco, pipes, and cigars, £3; total, £6 10s." The facts of the above case wore these:ac-Death, the defendant, came home one day, and was seldenly seized with a violoent attack of deliriunm tremens. Mrs. Death became alarmed, and sent for the doctor, an ex convict, residing at the neighbooring town seren miles off. The doctor was qtiekly in attendance, and on inspection of the patient declared the case to be hopeless. He pronounced it to present a complication of maladies beyond his medical skill to core. It exisibited, he said, manifestations of sanguineous apopleny, combined with balf-a-dozen other incurable symptoms, not one word of which Mrs. Death understood. Howerer, it was enough for Mrs. BDeath to know that her Deeth must die that evening; and the doctor advised that the best thing that could be done was to allow him to die in peace. For this purpose he reoummended the patient should be remored to a barn or outhouse, and there laid upon a bed until the vital spark bad fled. He was scnordingly removed; and Mrs. Death, desirous that every honour aftar the fashion of her country (Ireland to wit) shosid be paid to her Death, told the doctor that there should be a "fine wake" tlsat night. 'lo this the doctor as. seated, and moreover accepted an invitation to form one of the party to attend the wake. As it woisld haee taken some time to go to town and purbhase the "funeral bakemests," or rather the funeral beoereges, Era Death prevailed upon the doctor to write an order to a publicats in town to furnish suitable supplies as spenifed in the above bill of particulers. With this reluisition the 'doctor complied, and towards evening the oesseneer cesso back with, thie goods as ordsemd A hasty visit to thie petiset found him motisdales, with his eyes closed,-sym ptoms, as the doctor said, which nasually preceded the calamitous eent at hand. It was agr-rd amongst the party-consisting of Mrs. Death, the doctor, and four or five sonvict-serrants in Deathi's employ-that the presence of Death should he dispensed witchand that they should wake himo hy proxy. Aeebrqingly, abed was placed in the roost of tite house in-which they assoohbled, on which Deathoa body was supposed to he hlnced as "a pleasure oftiso imeginsetion.? The other parts of the ceremony wtsq. complied with strictly. T21e tobacco-pipes and spirthottles were in conslant requisition throughout the nighlt, and thelintomps tate carodtsal lasted unlil mornieg. Ily that time the starty fell asleep, atd by tlsat tinme also Death redivirus was restored to his senses. lie had a sound sleep : the soued and seovero attack of efeliriuse tremens wtich he tad provoelcd by thtree days' booze st a neighbootr's louse abated, and he was isoon "himself gaitn." He got up, and on entaritig hils hated was astonished at thoedisplay of bottles behors him, and not lees so by the number of sleeping partners in his establishment. Titoy woke up, ardd were at first inclitted to take tim for a ghost, as they had looked ttpon tite doctor as an infellillo prophet, whose prediction ofDeatlt'o death that night was stre tsobhe verifted. Ha was dtere mined, however, to cotivince them that it was no phost, but Deeas -hIietself. He seized tlte poker, for offence or shefence, as the esigenoc of the occasion might requiro, and soon hrostght tlie uritole ptsrty to their bearings. Ott these facts being proard with as much gravity as the naturo of the case admitted, I dismissed the claim against Death, adding, to the plaintiffis ittquiry, " wio was to pay for the liquor ?" " I suposeo the paety who ordered it" " On this Siut he spake." Six months afterwards, in the same circuit town, the doctor fgttred as the defend oat at the suit of the same psinntifffor the same items. The doctor'a defence was that he onsly obeyed the hidsliesg of lrs. Death in writing else older; but I Iteld that, though the doctor was pro tected as to any medical proscription he might write, yet tesa Ito Iead no aitthtrity to drench kit-a Death and all h)eotls'a ment (the doctor inclusively) at his tatients expenee witit spirits. AccoadinugI I toade Iim poy ltoe bill. Tlse only honcot claim he Itad ualot lis paticcnt was for renterileig 1im the service of leaving hsionl-ao-cmi nis cenceo *of Thirty Yerta' R)?stence n a New Sooth IWales and Victoria. BU i. Therry. Eeq. A Coetoaltsr' Otrn.-Droesley had resorted to tise insgenioeu device of putting a living fly in the msouth of a dead man, sad tieen ellding his hand to trace his signoture to the writing that purported to be the will of the deceessed person. Upon the trial, he swore, with autkscius asserance, "that be saw the teo.-stor sign the will with his osq hand while life was in him l"-Ibid. 