CORNY O'SULLIVAN'S FORTUNE, AND WHAT BECAME OF IT. One of the chief delights of my boyhood was to mfke my way on a winter's evening to Henry Driscoll's cabin, and there, on a three- legged stool, drawn close to the turf fire, and opposite piy host, who employed himself in < in cobbling a brogue, or making a potato-basket, to listen with f wide-mouthed wonder" to the . etories of fairy, gfioat, or goblin, yhich he poured into my attentive ear. Henry was a labourer, employed upon my father's form, and he wilted a wonderful genius for story-telling with a firm belief in Hie super natural. Of most of his -own tales he wan ready to swear the truth, although his pwn had contributed the principal inci dents, Put ay jg Thoftght unnrnrihy of credit, to remove any doubtOTmie saropecr,— pe Timae - a point of concluding thus : — " Well, there "was a powerful weddin', and 1 was there meseli) and wud brown paper etocjans and slippers of glass, here I come sliddherin all Hie ways to tell ye a whole par- , eel of lies." Long shall the old cabin find a place in my remembrance, for many, many hoars of real enjoyment have I passed in its chimney corner. Let me try to write one of Henry's stories, as well as memory -will allow, in his own words : — " Oh ! if 'tis a story ye want, your honnor, that same yon must have wnd a heart and a half ; but what I'm going to tell did'nt happen to me ; for barrin once or twice, X never Been j anything worse nor mcself in all me born days. " Well, 'twas in the times (and I well re number them myself though Fm not so very onld) when the fairies was as thick as black berries, and as throng as pigs in a fair, that there lived in this same sweet county of Wex ford a labonrin' man of the name of Corny O'SulIivan. He was as fine, clane, and sonple a boy as yotfd meet in a day's walk. Corny 1 the dancer was the title he was best known by (for ye see his own uncle's son was Corny also), And the divil a doubt of it but an illigpnt dancer entirely he was, and it was well worth goin' a mile of ground any day to see him bandiin' his feet at a reel or a double. Some people said lie was fond of the dhrop, but sure if he had a trifling1 hankerin afther it, 'tis many a better man's case, and mom bqtokeu the odd song says St Patrick himself wasn't above main' a Bond of ponrfi— rand foix X rodd'nt pot a pari him to have a hand In the drinkiti of it top ! Well, sir, be that as it may, whether he found whisky vezy openin' to ; \- the month, or no, Corny believed ip all immn»v of devarshnn ; lave him alone for singin' raid dandn', poprtin and figbtin. Fm love; and tomdher tiiBM ms&t; ius-aolL-.. Sure Xtteh himmetKlfbate tenoradosrii min to brass — ay, and thatwben he was little more nor a gossoon r u Oh 1 that yas a grand feat, Heniy." 1 Throe for ye, sir, but it was, said Til tell yon how it fame about. Twps one day Rttiie races of Drumgoold, the bdl<vras ,ringiri'jfor one hate, when Corny spied a car thatfhe thought would make a fine The butt end of the car wu-lritinh'Amri'Hie' ground, and of .cqorse the - two shafts was stickin' up in the air likegazaboes.' Sk parcd of people was gathered about ; on the spokes, and fcoittff all ager to see 'j'gape s-$oi do me bonld Corny, but -to rlimb rip into the backhand that waslaih hetime tMshsfts, after the nature of.aWi-swOsV , j/ ' If There fie sat the Jwyp and likea ' \- hsre Hiere prM «i. <hftjConwlfrom ' '.arid round a table inside, arid- enjoyin' their punch, and where the divil did the odahn 'lite, but plop on the table in the middle of 'cm. You could hear his four bones jinglin', and Hie smashin' of glass was heard a mile away. Oh ! bad scran to the bit of me, but X thought I'd die down wnd the Tale dint of laughing". Away wnd me hot foot round to the door ; and, bedad, again I got there, they had laned to kickin' him about the floor like a foot-balL He was took so be surprise, he conld'nt rise a hand, and foix X thought they'd kilt him entirely. At last they left off and took to laughin" at him, and, to be sure, he was a holy show wnd mud and gutther, and his clothes in fiidnetts on his back. One of the. men got a knife and fork, and threatened him to come on, till he'd carve "him but 'twas little they knew who they had to dale wnd, for Corny nps, and grabs hoiild of a blackthorn stick, and into the thick ofthem he went, leatherin' away for the tare lifc' Oh, meillia murfher, such a lambastin as he gev them, ne'er a one of 'em but got his share,jbr the stick kept rafr- Hin'on thrir heads' like! a flail. One wayor another itjded-iouJa .'geneTBl -fection, ' and ye may take yonr daw there was more plasthem than plisanthry amongthetn in the momin ! " Bat to come back to me story. Where's this I was 1 . Oh, syJ X remimber. " 'Tis a good many year now since one even- in', Corny was at poor Mike Lanaghan's wake at Hie crossroads above. There was a great congregation of the neighbours round, for ould Mike was a great favourite. Mostly all the -ould people was in the. room wud the corpse, the men chatterin' about one thing or another, and the women riootherin' and coshcrin' in comers wnd the heads together, lamentin' the dead, and keepin' a keen eye all the while on the dandys and noggins of punch. The young ones was out in the kitchen, whalin' the flure to the ' Crow on the Gate-post, or some other fine tchnne, for Callaghan, the piper, was there to the fore, playin' most beautifiil Yon may be sure there was lashins and lavins of all sorts of flhrinks, tapes of fine aitin', and tobacco galore, for them Lanaghans . was always rale dacent people, and 'tis well they knew how to Hwqte their neighbours when they dropped in. " Corny was in apj) out, like a dog in a fair, enjoym' the fun in rale earnest, and indeed a mighty pleasant evenin' they all had of it It was dhrawin on party late, and Dinny Byrne was jist singin his favourite song, As down by Bannow's banks,' when Corny seen Maiy Carty thro win" her shawl over her head to go along home, so he slipped out, and made bould to discourse her as for as her father's cabin, for he always had a snakiu' regard for her, as they say, and small blame to him, for many's the mile yon might travri of a summer's day, 'ith- ont meetin' a likelier or a nicer lookin' colleen. It doesn't become me tojsay what they talked about on the way ; bnt I Aar say 'twas some- thin' sweet, for they waumused (strolled) along nicy, and when they raytched Carty's cabin, it was time for Comy to be thinkin' of goin' home, which -was as good as four mile away, so afther takin' a parthi" glass wid Mary's fiifher, he bid 'em all good night, -and started oft " Twas a dadint fine night anyhow ; Hie moon TOi rijnia; »Apelit jb day, andA&. etarawaswuifrinJiriilJzrinViinVrinnm-Atbiav" own beantiM litHe feces that was smilin' and lockm' qp at them agrin out of the bright I suppose it mas dhe fine night that was in it, or the air took honld of him, or maybe Hie strenth of the love ; but however, it was Corny began to feel rale lht in the head. He used to lay the blame on the good people ' for,' says he, ' it couldn't be the dhrop I tuk that wasn't enough to blind Hie eye of a ruidge,' says he, ' that id go get into me head that way.' So down he sot, just to steady himself and take a blast of the pip, be the ride of a big three that stood close to the road, and he wasn't there long when lone behowld ye he fell hard and fori asleep. Himsrif didn't know how long he riep', bnt the moon was Ainln' away still when he awoke, and when he did, he heard the delightiiillest music ye conld think o£ and that quite near him, so he edged closter to Hie ride of the three, and he cocked Iw eye round, and, bedad, sir, he seen the queerest right at all at alL There was crowds of the weeshiest, dooniest men an' women, dhressed out in green, and little red caps on their heads, some wnd red feathers too — if ye plase ! — and the natest little red shoes on their feet. Some was dsncin' as mercy as midges, keepin' time to the music, and playin' all sorts of pranks ; snore was matin 1<5 ve and meanderiri abont under Hie ferns and docks that was taller nor themselves j more was ridin' races on flies and beetles and and all manner of as if their lives depinded on it j some, too, was hangfo' out o' rashes and slittherin' doiui daggers — it bet Bfinnagher, to see Hie capers of 'em. Corny looked round to tiny where the jflnsic was comiri from, end there he seen a little chap tattherin' away on the pipes, hn- mouiin" the tchune wnd his head, all as one as Callaghan himself briy'that he .bet Crilaian out andpot in the playin. Corny's two eyes was the Sze o' pratie cakes, - an Ms month so wide opn that 'twas a wondher some of the. fiuriesdidn'h jnnpdown JrislMxwlwhifoithe hsurs tri.his hesdstockripirizright- askni: Hn nee3I(iM8i3h,t'Hiiik''itWas bver iuckyfo.be so conveynienttoHio ' goqdpeople,' and he was malon to go as quyet as lie conld, when what thfe puck did he -see, as plain as the nose on yer loe, : but -_a small little spithe- rogue ofa wrinHedred-foced onld man, an' lie workin;5avray mfodin a brogue ! ; A cap was stock «n <oe .ride. of lrishead, an' he had a £i£y.cpaJt.wnd irts BthroelinVdowneverso for, tai' greri jver rbniMes.ih Mb -Shoes, an to, see. foe bnld-foshionfo set df the crayture wnd his l cmled-jefotihi B frni&barooii; ssrih' apipe te wxdihtea as lanyilung, would make yon lan jy h tady rinelaogh l11, - ' r".''%|C$D'|Jhed'ir'tf.jHie Lepra- tihaiih,Imt he &ri;ne«»aeen«ne before, and,' -thowypn wherehe riiA jpnld 'tiwiM,' bht. Fip'r yip 'fo fdl miii«ri of ,'anolinir way, and .%)ISinrq'teite,>M.»!.minite:ionly, away herirriHters/sp he doea; and Hie divil a hap'- orth fo : (foffi vbf 5 him. iTYell, all these hBKMrihe gave Corny an eye ashlatk as the ace of spades, and at the same time sthreaks of fire spread ont iii the sky like Hie Roars Boro A lis thafs seen be the Laplandhers in Agypt Wnd that the ould cobbler says — 1 " 'Whist, whist, Corny ; see whatVgoin' on in the three.' " ' Oh, oh T says Comy to himself) ' catch a weasel asleep. I wouldn't mistrust ye, me monchou, but to be thiyin to get me eye off av ye.' So be says to him, says he — " ' Looka, see here now ; "none of yonr thricks upon thravellers, bnt sbow me, this minnit, where yon have Hie threasnres ber ried r " ' Tare an' ounthers," says the ould man, ' what do ye maneP " ' Oh, ye know right well, says Corny, at the same time saysin' him be the scruff of Hie neck. " Och, weirasthru, Corny, allanah,' says the Lepracbann, ' where would the likes of me get threasnres 1 — threasnres, in throth f says he. . ' ' Come, . come, me ould play-boy,' siiys Corny, ' yon might sis well "be" whSSQiii jigs to a milestone as talkin' to me. Do ye think it's a Gomm I am I Lade me to Hie place fair and aisy, or maybe it's the worse ifll be for ye.' " ' Areah, sure l tonld ye before, ye spalpeen, soi row taste of the likes I have,' says the feiry. "'Whether, now,' says Corny, gettin' in censed, 'ye coathrary ould vagabone, isn't it a wondher ye wouldn't be ashamed of yerself to be riddlin' lies ont of ye as fost as a dog 'id trot i Make no more words abont it now,' says he, 'but ont wnd the saycret, or, be this and be that, I'll brake iveiy bone in yer ugly ould carcase V says he, givin him a shake that foirly loosened the teeth in his head. "Well, to make a long story short, the Leprachaun seen there was no use atgen wud Corny, so he led him a fine dance over ditch and edge, briar and bramble, until they came to a field wnd a young ash saplin growin in it. " ' Undher that is the goold,' says the foiry, 'and much good may it do yon!' and wud that he disappeared, withont sayin' another word, good or bad. " Corny gripped the sapW, and what wud pnllin' aud haulin", and prisrin' it wnd his stick, he managed to get it clane np, tho' a tonght job it was too, and afther rootin' a bit in Hie rile — sorrow a word o' lie in it — but, sure enough, he come upon a big crock brim full of goold. Tiegdr he didn't know whether he was standin' on his head or his heels wnd delight. " ' Corny, yer sow, ye,' says he to himself, ' ye'r a made man from this day ont. Isn't it yourself is in the hoight of good lack, and more power to the Leprachaun, he's a dacent ould chap afther alL "So sayin, he filled his pockets, and his hat, and his brognes — ay, and his stoclrins too ! for he seen there was no use in thryin to get np the crock without a spade, and, stickin' Hie three back again, he cat off home. He didn't let on a word abont it to man or mortal, bnt set ont the next night wnd a spade and a wheelbarrow. He found Hie field asy enough, bnt dang the bit of the saplin' could he get ! UVl « yiwi. An -SvTifbeEprcT So "he had to be contint wnd what he got, and a fine lob it was too. " Well, yer honor, Corny bought a few fields, and Ire built a snug cabin, and married Mary Carty, and a great haulin' home they had of it — plenty of people there and Hie best of fine aitin' and dhrinldn', for there was nothin' of the nayger about Corny, and now that he had the money he knew how to spend it. " Not many nights afterwards — and a mighty sevare night it was — the wind was moaniri and howlm' outride, for all the world like as if the ghosts in the ancient ould berrin'-ground yandher beyaut was discoorrin', now whisperiri now telliri their saycrets, and more times as if they war roarin the heads off of one another, and was goin' to have an onmarrifnl fight — a terrible night entirely ! Corny and Hie wife was lyin' awake, listen in' to the wondherfcl noises that was goin' on in the kitchen — tap ! tap ! like the dead-watch, only a dale leudher. Then the pig, the craythur, would let grants ont of her that was frightful. . Cony gets up and stales ont to thiy and see what was the matther. And what did ye think it wast Nayther more nor less than the onldLepiachaun, and he mendin' his brognes as hard as he could lick 1 " ' Why, thin, what de ye manef says Corny, thiyin' to look as bonld as brass, for all the heart was rinkin in him wnd the fear ; 'what de ye mane 1' says he, ' be raitiri such a ruction without lyme or rason,' says he, ' disturbin' a body at the dead o' the night, ye ould thief of the world! " ' ThieJ) inyahf says the Lepachann, lookin' as cross as two sticks ; ' mnsha, bedad, it be comes yon to call me a thief — -didn't yourself stale the goold ye built your house wnd from me, and haven't! a right to me own roof 1' "'Ohl thin sweet bad Inckattind yerself an' all o yer breed f says Corny- The corse of the crows on you an yer money, for pace -nor rise ! never had sence I laid eyes on ye T \- f Arid wnd a sore and krpnbled heart he vrint batohisbeajjwheHros&hyrii;'a'grerf "Well, be Mary's advice, the very next evenin' he pat what was remainin' of the goold in a stockm', and left it on the kitchen dhresser, an" every fergin be could scrape to gether he-didHiesamewnd, for the Leprachaun haunted . Hie house and torminted Hiem the live-long night until every ha'penny was paid. Fkom that day to Hub the feries never troubled them) and more nor that they thrnv woridher- frd-icveiyihliig went well wud them, and they lived happy and prosperous ever afther. "The story got wind, and used to be tould as a qnarc one-rand sore, anyhow, didn't It take Hie .lade f ' 