MURBASvCtrSTOMS DtTIES. It would be a curious circumstance, if the only resuit'from the Tariff Conference in Mel bourne should be the establishment of Border Custom-Houses, with all their inconveniences und vexatious restrictions. At present such a result appears more than probable. It will be remembered that during the sittings of the Conference the South Australian delegates pointed out the loss which this colony suffered from a large quantity of goods being passed into the Sjuth-Eastern District from Victoria without paying any duty to the South Australian Government. In answer to this the Victorian Government complained that they also suffered loss on account of Chinamen being landed at Guiohen Bay, and allowed to find their way to the gold diggings, withont paying the head tax. There was a disinclination, in fact* to admit that Victoria gained any advantage from the state of things which prevailed in the South-Eastern District. It was hoped, how ever, that the colonies might soon agree to a general tariff, and that the difficulty, would thus be solved. But the Victorian Govern ment did not keep their promise in this matter. The 2nd of June came and went. The pro posed intercolonial tariff was not even sub mitted to the Victorian Parliament, and the South Australian Government were left to raise a Customs revenue according to their own devices. Such was the result of the Confe rence, as far as the tariff scheme was con cerned. The only other result at present is the correspondence which is now before us on the subject of the Murray Customs. When the tariff arrangement had failed, tho Chief Secretary, Mr. Waterhousp, appears to havo lost no time in reopening the question of border trading. . Accordingly we find that the first letter on the subject is as follows :— ' Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, Juhc 16, 1863. 'Sir— I have the honour, by desire of His Ex cellency Sir Dominick Daly, to inform you that, until some arrangements have been made by your Government for collecting the duties on account of South Australia receivable on goods crossing the border from Victoria, this Government must decline collecting on Victorian account the duties receivable on exports from this colony via the Murray. 'The accounts of the past year will, of course, be dealt with as heretofore. 'I have, &c.;, 'G. M. Wateuhouse, Chief Secretary. 'The Hon. the Chief Secretary, Victoiia.' The Government of Victeria in answer to this sent the following letter, which points out that bix months' notice is required to abrogate the treaty of 1858:— 'Victoria, Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, July 6\ 1863. ? 'Sir— By desire of the Chief Secretary I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th June, intimating that until some arrangements have been made by the Go vernment of Victoria for collecting the duties on account of South Australia receivable on goods crossing the borders from this colony, the (io\ em inent of Adelaide must decline collecting on Vic torian account the duties receivable on exports from South Australia via the Murray. 'In reply I am to inform you that the question will have the careful attention of this Government but that in the meantime the treaty.of 31st May, Ift59, requires six months' notice to abrogate it 'Ihavc&c;, J. JUoobe. Under Secretary. 'The Hon. the Chief Secretary, Here the matter was left by the WaterhouEe Ministry, and was not reopened until tho 25th of September, when the prosent Chief Secre tary returned the correspondence by giving formal notice to the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales that it wa3 the inten tion of tho South Australian Government to conclude the treaty at the end of six calendar months. Ho official notice has apparently been taken of this notification by the Govern ments of tho other colonie?, and no sugges tions havo been made for preventing those restrictions -to the Murray trade which were threatened in 1857. Tho Government of flew South Wales then talked of erecting Custom Houses on their territory, and compelling all vessels from South Australia to unload at th« boundaries as they went up the river. We need not Bay what a blow to the Murray trade such a system as this would be ; and though it is true that a portion of that trade is falling icto the hands of Melbourne merchants, it would still be discreditable to South Aus tralia that any action on her part should give the Government of New South Wales an ex cuse for seriously impeding the river traffic. When Mr. Stuart Donaldson, in 1857, talked of compelling vessels to unload as they reached the New South Wales boundary, Mr. TorrenB, whe waB then Treasurer of South Australia, made somn suggestions which showed that this prohibition to trade would not be necessary, even though the other colonies should insist upon collecting their own duties by means cf Border Cuatom- Hcuses. This plan, however, would still require the friendly co-operation of South Australia, bb will bo seen by the following extracts from liia memorandum on the sub ject :— 'The unloading of vessels at the junction of the boundaries, supposed by Mr. Donaldson to be essential to the due collection of revenues of Vic toria and New South Wales, by the officers of a joint Custom-Uouse there established, would amount to something more than a very serious inconvenience. It would be an absolute prohibi tion to the trade of the Murray. 'Icon, however, see no occasion for adopting any such, obstructive measure, ' The importance of the subject warrants my extending this paper to an unusual length by going into details explanatory, of fiscal Arrangements which would, in my opinion, suffice to ensure the due collection of the revenues by the officers of the joint establishment contemplated. 'Premising that it would be the interest, no less than it is the desire and the duty of this Go vernment, to afford all reasonable facilities to the officers of New South Wales and Victoria in col lecting their revenues— 'I submit, that the South Australian Govern ment should undertake, at the expense of the ex porter, to examine all goods laden in river boats, and to paint or scribe on all packages of goods, subject to duty, a mark and number, also the weight or gauge of contents. This duty should be executed by officers stationed at the Goolwa, at Moorundee, or other convenient places. ' Clearances should be granted at these stations upon declaration by the master to a content setting forth the mark.-, numbers, and description ; also, so.far as known to him, the contents and destination of every package or parcel of goods shipped in his vessel. Additional clearances to be granted for goods shipped at each station. 'A document, similar in all respects to that known to English Customs officers as a coast despatch, should be made by the South Australian Custom-House officers. 'This document would contain an accurate statement of the number, mark, description, and content of everypackage subject to duty, according to the joint tariff, shipped under cognizance of the South Australian officers. The original of this ' coast 'despatch should be annexed to the clearance, and a duplicate, with duplicate of master's content, sent through the post, addressed to the officer at the ioint Border Custom-House. 'The officers of the joint Customs establish ment should demand af the master, on arrival, a manifest, verified by declaration, setting forth the mark, : number, description, place of shipment, and, so far as known to him, the contents ana destination of every package then laden on board his vessel, stating also what goods, if any, had been relanded within the South Australian terri tory. 'Heavy fines should be inflicted for any false statement made by the master on this manifest. 'The master or importer should then pay down the duties leviable upon all goods laden in accor dance with the coast despatch, and a tide-waiter be boarded on the vessel, whose duty it would be to take account of every package landed, exa mining occasionally, say one in twenty, to see that they had not been tampered with and the contents corresponded with the account given in the coast despatch he should have with him. ''Heavy fines, forfeiture of goods and vessel, should * be inflicted if any dutiable goods were landed in excess of the quantity stated in the coast despatch. 'As a Customs officer of 16 years' standing, practically acquainted with the details of duties of every class of employes,* having served in the Ports of London, Cork, and Adelaide as landing waiter, landing surveyor, and collector, I speak with con fidence when I say that under the system above set forth sufficient protection would be afforded to the revenues of the adjacent colonies.' This plan was rendered unnecessary by the adoption of the treaty, which is now— appa- rently without much consideration— about to be set aside. Exploration.— Amongst the items of additions to Estimates yesterday agreed to by the Assembly are the following:— £1,000 for examination of South Australia by Mr. Hargraves with a view to the discovery of a payable gold-field ; £250, balance of cost for McKinlay's expedition; and £120, balance of cost for Stuart's explorations. The Matta More.— We are informed that the whole of the shares in the Matta Mine have been taken up, and that the proprietors intend proceed ing with the work without delay, j Rifle Match— England v. Australia.— Through a mistake occurring in the transmission of our telegram containing the scores of the Milaft men in theirmatch against England the total score then published was in reality 55 above that actually obtained. The error occurs in tho scores of Cap tain Bankioc, whose total was only 123 instead of 173, the telegraphed number; aud of J. Martin, who only made 112; and not 117. The grand score is this reduced to 1,149 marks, giving an average of 114,'a per man, or only an outer per shot all through. Victoria Theatre.— 'Susan Hopley' was re peated on Friday evening with some of the ob jectionable passages omitted, and a great improve ment in the supernatural machinery. The vision of the murder was exceedingly well given, and if they be not 'honest ghosts,' we can honestly say they are nevertheless well worth seeing.' When introduced in dramas of a better class than ' Susan Hopley,' the treat to the lovers of the marvellous will be great indeed. Accident.— About 9 o'clock on Friday evening as Mr. Greflrath was crossing from Hindley-strcct to Leigh-street, he was knocked down and run over by a cab, driven by a man named Seacomb, who was turning the corner very sharply at the time. But we are happy to say no serious injury was sustained, though Mr. Greflrath is likely to be laid up for a few days. The driver was fined £5 only two or three weeks ago for furious driving. Total Abstinence.— The Rev. J. Gibson, on Friday evening, lectured on the subject of total abstinence before a pretty numerous audience, at the Temperance Hall, Tynte- strcH North Adelaide. The Rev. J. Maugban presided. In the course of his lecture, which occupied upwards of an hour in .loltvnrr nnri wiu flvroruiiiicriv ? intorpfitinff. the rev. gentleman advocated the cause of temperance on the ground both of humanity and Christianity. He compared the evil effects of drunkenness with the good produced by sobriety, and in his con cluding remarks entered into an argument supporting the consistency existing Itftwcen total abstinence and true Christianity. He also intro duced numerous appropriate anecdotes, and at the close received a most cordial vote of thanks. Belligerent Citizens.— A fracas took place on Thursday last in Stephens-place, in which Messrs. Hodgkiss and Cussen were the assailants, and the Messrs. Price the defendants. The cause of the quarrel, we believe, was some alleged misstatcment on the part of Mr. Wm. Price, which was calcu lated to damage Messrs. Hodgkiss and Cussen, and which they asserted to be false. Failing to obtain either explanation or denial of the statement, these gentlemen most reprehensibly took the law into then- own hands. It was supposed the matter would come before the Magistrates, but it was arranged out of Court. We are sorry to have to record from time to time scenes of this kind, which cannot but disgrace the parties implicated in them, and damage the reputation of the colony. The Wonders of the Heavens.— A lecture on this subject was delivered, ou Friday evening, by the Kev. C. Colwell, in the Lecture Hall of the Pirie-strect Chapel, in connection with the Ade laide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association. There was a very large attendance. The lecture was illustrated by diagrams and models represent ing the primary planets. The rev. lecturer, in lofty and eloquent terms, descanted upon the wisdom, majesty, and power of the Great Architect of the Universe, as manifested in the distances, movements, and phenomena of the ponderous globes that roll along the heavens. He referred to the theorizing and discoveries of T)'cho Brahe, Copernicus, Galileo, Kepler, and Newton, ex plained the laws of planetary motions, the processes by which the diurnal and annual parallactic angles are determined, the incli nation of the moon's orbit to the ecliptic, the precision of the equinoxes, the eccentricity of the earth's orbit, the perturbing influences of the planets and satellites ou each other, and the stability of equilibrium upon which the conser vation of the system is made dependent. The lecturer also icferred to the inductive processes by which Leverier of Paris and Adams of Cambridfie severally determined the actual existence and position of the planet Neptune, as educed from the observed perturbations of Uranus, which he regarded as the most magnificent triumph of the human intellect ever known. The rev. gentleman concluded a very interesting lecture by advancing sereral reasons, which he regarded as all but con clusive, that the planets arc all the abodes of sentient beings like ourselves. During the even ing Mrs. Smart sang 'The home where changes never come,' to a harmonium accompaniment The usual compliments to the lecturer, &c;, closed the proceedings. The Bremer Mine.— The following abstract of Capt. Prisk's report on the Bremer Mine for month ending 20th October, 180IJ, has been handed to us for publication:— 'The prospects of this mine aro much the same as last reported We have recom menced to (sink the engine-shaft under the M fathom level. The lode in the 53 end still holds pood, and is going oir to the cast; it is very wet and spare for driving. Ground driven during tho last three weeks, about two fathoms. The north end at this level has improved. We have met with a slide that has very much cased the ground for driving, and also improved the lode for ore, giving us encouragement to drive on in order to cut the bunch of ore gone down in tho bottom of the 4!t fathom level. The 43 end is now driven within about 8 fathoms of Lean's Shaft, through good ore ground, aud a large quantity of ore laid o|-en for breaking nway. The lode makes very wide in places, and takes up a great deal of time in putting in stulls, the timber required being very long and heavy. In the winzcin the bottom of the 33, north of the big bunch, the lode is about 3 feet wide, and gives about two tons of ore to the fathom. The stopes in the back of the 33, south of the big bunch, are getting very thin, but still remain good. Lean's Shaft is down about 5 fathoms under the Si- fathom level ; lode small, but good. Quantity of ore raised and sampled during the month, about 180 tons. The building the engine-pool occupying so much tune has prevented a larger return being made. The dressing and machinery work well, also the smelting. Quantity of regulus made during the month, 48 tons. Altogether the mine looks to be in a very healthy state.' Napoleon Minino Company.— A correspondent informs us that 'at a geneial meeting of the shareholders of the Napoleon Mining Company, held on Wednesday, the 21st instant, it was re solved that, as the influence of certain South Aus tralian mineral negotiations in England had pro duced an inactivity on the port of speculators, precluding the idea of a sale being immediately effected on the terms proposed, the value of the property they held near Port Augusta should k develoiwd at the cost of the proprietary, as a pre liminary to the determination of the question whether the negotiations for sale should be resumed or otherwise. The necessary calls were consequently agreed to, and the Directors were authorized to recommence mining operation! forthwith.' An advertisement in our columns indicates that no time is to be lost in prosecuting the works. Cricket Match.— A correspondent says:— 'A match between 10 of Mr. Mudie's Grammai School, Glen Osmond, and 10 of Mr. Cateier's, Beaumont, was played on Thursday, the 22nd instant, on Mr. Osmond Gilles's section, which was kindly lent for the occasion. The game proved a most exciting one throughout, the Glen Osmond Club eventually winning, with 56 runs to spare, Mr. Smith, jun., fpr the Glen Osmond, and Mr Caterer and Mr. Pollard for the Beaumont, fulfilled the duties of umpires. The Glen Osmond CIul scored 73 runs in their 1st and 20 in their 2nd innings; while the Beaumont Club made 18 in cacl innings. The batting of Masters Davies, Ferguson, and Weidenbach, of the Glen Osmond, is deserving of special mention, as also is the bowling of Mask! Rowe. Masters W. and R. Frew, of the Beaumont Club, were much admired for their bowling.' Index to the 'Times.'— We have received from Mr. Platts a volume entitled 'An Index tc tho Times for 1862.' It is a publication of great public utility. The compiler states, truly enough, that 'very few events, certainly none of impor tance, have escaped the comments of the leading journal ;' and therefore the Time* for any giver year is a complete reflex of everything of im portance -which has taken place during th: year. There is considerable skill displayed in the getting up of this volume. We have, first of all, a table which contains the number of each paper pub lished during the year, and the date to which il refers. Thus we find that the 142nd number foi 1862 1 was published on Saturday, June 14. Every subject treated on by the Times is indexed undei some general heading, which makes the reference easy. Thus, under the general heading 'America,' we have a subdivision on 'Confederate Generals,' part of which we shall quote, as it will give our readers an idea at once of the plan of the publica tion :—' The Confederate Generals— General Beau regard, his advice to his soldiers, 110, p. 14, 117, p. 12; he contradicts the statement made by the F. General Pope, 168, p. 11. General Stonewall Jack son—The C. Cromwell described, 170, p.7, 212, p. 10 ; the origin ol the name Stonewall, 312, p. 7,' &c.; Suppose, then, we wish to discover the origin of the singular name which the late General Jack son bore, we find 'America' in the index; then under that word we find 'Confederate Generali,' and under that we find as above 'Origin of the iameStonewall,'whenwearedirectedto312. Turn ing to the table we learn that 312 was published on December 30. We find the paper of that date, and on the 7th page we obtain the information re quired. In subsequejt volumes the compiler promises to give the column as well as the page. He also proposes, if sufficiently encouraged, to bring out an index to the leading articles of the Times fcr back years. Such labours as these, though not very brilliant, are very useful, and we sincerely wish the compiler success in hid under taking. .-.''.' : Insolvency Court.— A second-class certificate was awarded to J. Denman, of Brompton, mason, at his final hearing before the Insolvency Com missioner on Friday; and in the matter of W. Hodges, of Adelaide, publican. His Honor con sidered the insolvent had not made a full dis closure of his estate. He therefore gave him a month to prepare a fuller statement, threatening in case he gave no further information at the ter mination of that period to adjudge a third-class certificate only. 