TOWN TALK AND TABLE CHAT As the English mail was advertised to close at six tfclock on Saturday evening, wo may state for the satisfaction of those who posted letters after that hour, that the mails were not fraally closed until nine o'clock on Sunday night, au hour after tbe arrival of the Hobart Town mail. They were then placed on board the s.s. Black Swan, which went across tlie bar early ou Slonday morning, from thence at mue o'clock, and cleared the Tamar Heads at one o'clock. The inducements held out to Volun teers fit for tbe Auckland Militia, are UUoly to draw off u very valuable portion of tue puiiuUtian from this colnny -ind the adjoining colonies : — Tbe ' Age,' of Wednesday, says:— 'Au advertisement in another column contains the conditions upon which parties can obtain land, and settle in tbe military settlement in New Zealiind. It will bo seen that very con siderable advantages are offered. Mr. Harte, of 2, Queen-street, Melbourne, also advertises that he will bo happy to give every information to persons desi rous of joining the Auckland militia, aud they are requested to register their names with him without delay. Colonel Pitt is expected here ou Friday, when further particulars will bo given.' Sir. Harte thus writes to the Editor of the ' Age,' Sir,— I have again to report that the rusli of volunteers to my office to re gister their names continues unabated. I have registered 127 eligible candidates to day, a considerable number of whom arc members of the volunteer force.— Yours obediently ]l U Harte, 2, Queeu-street. lath August, 1803. A number of counterfeit half-crowns have, lately been put in circulation here. They aje of so very spurious a description that it ie surprising they arc not in every instance detected ; but as base cojn is s - seldom uttered in this colony, few persons examine the quality of the coiu they ro ce^vo. br the list of sums contributed at Westbury to the Catholic Relief Fund, published in Qur last issue, those shown as collected by J. P. Jones, Esquire, were collected by Mrs. Barber, and Ll Is. con tributed by J. P. Jones, Esquire, was omitted. The third volume of Bishop Colenso's work on the Pentateuch consists of an examination into the age and authorship of the Book of Deuteronomy. Tho author states that he has postponed for tho pre sent bis intention of examining the Book of Genesis, in order the more thoroughly to consider the questions affecting the origin of tho fifth book of the Pentateuch, Bishop Coleuso maintains that this book could not have been written by Moses, but that it must have been comnn-u-.rl in a much later age. We subjoin the secret of tho Ghost illusion, which has created so much sensation, on the London stage. It was first produced by Professor Pepper, at the London Polytechnic institution, nnd Mr. Charles Kean, who is about to visit these : cqlonies purcliased the right to use it on ' the London Stage. The assertion of his i risUt, it appears has prcveuted.Mr. Barry i Sullivan from using it .at tiie Theatre ' lloyal Melbourne :— When exhibited at i the Polytechnic tbo Ghost stood out ! plainly and well defined, each feature I distinct. It walked about, moved its every limb with ease and graco, rolled its eyes and showed its teeth. But yet it wag so impalpable tiiat tho ' ghost raiser ' could walk through it. A patent having boen taken out by the inventor, a corres pondent writes to the 'Times; ' describ ing tbe manner in which tho illusion is produced. He says ?,— ' He is nothing more tlian the reflected ima^o of a bright ly illuminated object, living or dead, from the surface of a flat piece of glass. Tho lights arc lowered, and. the spectators arc in comparative d/irkness.. Tho curtain is drawn and discloses adimly- iUuminatod chamber called a study, and there you behold the student a living man, waik mg to and fro. This person is actually behind u large sheet of plate glass not larger indeed than is to be aeon in many a ? ? '? ? -- ? -?— ^ «boj) window. The object to be ghostified is cnnccalcd in front of the glass, and is brilliantly illuminated by tbo well-known ime lisbt. In accordance with the law of optics, tbo imago of tho object is reflected from tbe glass to the spectators, so as to seem to them as far behind tbo glass as it is in reality in front of it ; and they, owing to tho obscurity of tho chamber, uru unable to detect tho source of the illusion,' The Amateur Court Minstrels gave to most recherche concert in the Cornwall Assembly l{ooms yesterday evening, was 'crowded and fashionable audience. Tlio programme contained fourteen gems of Ethiopean melodies, but the late hour at which the concert terminated prevents us from doing justice to the merits of tho talented performers. Mrs. MclCinnon, of Gravelly Beach who was stepping out of one boat into an other, at tbe Wliai-f yesterday evening, fell down the hold of the Cutter Ann' and broke one of her legs above tbo ancle She was immediately conveyed to tbe Gene ral Hospital. Mb. Abraham Barrett's elocution class will give an entertainment in tlie Hall of tbe Mechanics Institute, on Friday even ing in aid of the funds of the 'Free and Industrial School Association. We have received a copv of the first report of tbis association. It contains many intcrestinff facts and states, tlmt what is known as I 'Oommon School', if opened in a poor neighbourhood, and which Blmll lie 'Free' to the children, appears to the Committee to meet all tbe requirements of the case A rerormafory is not needed for such children, but rather that they be sent to a school, similar in character to the one now established. The number of children on the book9 at the end of the first year was -is boys, 39 girls- total 77. As an indication of the unsettled state of colonial towns (and Launceston is considered to be tlic most English of all the Australian towns! a statement of removals i? here given ?-_ Removed to Melbourne, Queensland and New Zealand, 4 boys and 7 girls ; to Cir ' cular Head, River Don, and other parts of the coW, 3 boys and 4 girls; froil, t^ neighbourhood, 4 boys and 10 eir\i.~m not trace 3 boys and 4 girls; to al 36 Removed to other schools, payil.g, 17 ^ and 5 mrls; removed to publfc ecliooV free, 3 boys and G girls ? gone to servto , s boys and 0 girs; total 40-making ^ getber 70 children as baring left the sc boo . Of the 22 children who left the school, going to paying schools, several have returned, their parents not bei.i' any longer in a position to pay. It has beea ascertained that where parents can pay school fees in summer, the extra exneuse ol tiring, clothing, and food, in winter' pre cludes them from paying schools fees in wntcr And, simply the fact of a 'Free School being opened, does not ensure tlie regular attendance of the children ? both Committees have constantly to be on the alert, and uiircmiting in their visits to tbe parents urging tlie attendance of their children nt school. The average morning and afternoon attendance for the year is as follows :— Morning, boys 81, Rirls 30 ? af ternoon, boys 30, girls 29. Tlie monthly average for tbe year being— mornin', 61 ? afternoon, 59. Tbe Committee arc^very desirous or obtaining the necessary funds school, but, if possible, to drain, reshinSle, and fence ,„, the school premises. These items are very necessary to be done. A Young Lady's Sentiments.— If it was not good for Aduin to live single jviien there was not a woman ou earth how very crtunimlly guilty are old bache lors with the world full of pretty girls ! Money. —It matters little to be worth money, if we are worth nothing else. \\\uvr is that which lias got foot and nails, but no legs, Uies, or claws I— A yard 