j SOCIAL. une Australian spring season bu began, although ; faina and occasional period» nf cold weather remain with us to assure us that the vernal season baa only ' commenced. Nevertheless there are flowers enough and blossoms of early fruit trees enough blooming in the open air to show that the power of winter is over, and the milder reign of spring bas come. The winter bas not been so continuously wet as the but: winter waa, but the temperature luis been as low, if not lower. As to the rain fan, we may state that ; our natural water reservoir, the Wendouree Swamp, is four or fire inches below its level of this time but year, albeit the level has rapidly risen during the last three »eeks. The health ot Ute district has not been generally good; some cases of phthisis and scarlet and other fever having occurred lately to darken the shadowy side of the picture. Among the deaths by violence which have occurred during the month, we may cite the case of Catherine Brookes, wife of the landlord of the Band of Hope Hotel She had been about the town drinking with a male friend, and on their return borne at midnight tiley came near the Hand-in-Hand Company's claim. Her companion thus described the catastrophe to the coroner's jury: " Deceased complained of great fatigue, and wished to rest several times. Witness then went up the step ladder leading to the Hand-in-Hand shaft, and the deceased followed bim np. When witness got cm the brace, he saw the deceased going on one side behind him, and he warned her of the mouth of the shaft. At the same moment witness saw the de ceased falling sideways into the shaft." The deceased was three hours in the water in the shaft before her body was recovered.-Another case was that of John Foster, a native of Birkenhead, who bad been living for some time near the Black Lead, had been a lunatic, and was in great destitution. He had fallen drunk or in convulsions, into the fire in bis hut and was burnt to death.-Another case was that of John Williamson, a native of Washington, America, who died from the effects of wounds on his head inflicted by Francis Sparkes and David Brough, who have been committed for trial for manslaughter. Deceased and the prisoners were on their way home from au agri cultural show at Skipton, on the 17th September, when an altercation ensued abouteome beting that had taken place, and the fatal assault then took place. The question of immigration and wages bas for some time past been rather prominently before the public here. As yet, the rate of wages for unskilled labor has not declined in an equal ratio with; the decline in the cost of living, and so great is the objection naturally felt by the .manual working chtsses to consent to a rate of wage more like that in vogue in Europe, that capital is restricted in its operations, and many industries and public improve ments are not proceeded with because labor is too costly at present. This is one of the reasons why an influx of immigrants is required, and there is no doubt, that as soon as a lower rate of wage is ac cepted there will not only be ample employment forthcoming for those at present here but for as many more as like to come. Not that we would intimate so unreasonable a thing as that, at any time, there is to be a perfect freedom from cases ot distress among any class, but simply that with a lower wage rate, but a rate still one hundred per cent above that of England, and an iacrease of population there would be taken away two of the most potent obstacles to our social and material prosperity. Among the more notable incidents of the month have been the visit of His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, the late Governor of Victoria to Ballarat, the subsequent departure of His Excellency for Sydney, N.S.W., on his way to Mauritius, to the governorship of which colony he has been transferred, and the arrival of His Excellency's successor Sir Charles Darling, late Governor of Jamaica. The visit of Sir Henry Barkly, to Ballarat, was in response to an invitation to a banquet given by the two Muni cipal Councils of Ballarat, to celebrate his retirement from office here, and give a final token of the esteem universally felt here towards the best Governor the colony has yet had. The welcome accorded to his Excellency the Governor by the people of Ballarat, was such as the Sovereign herself might feel proud of. All classes and conditions of society turned out to greet his Excellency. Loyalty was in a state of fermentation, and could scarcely be restrained within bounds until the arrival of the half-past three o'clock train with his Excellency and suite. True, the weather was sufficient to damp the ardor of the loyally disposed, as a fleeting shower now and then reminded the patriotic of the variableness of our Australian climate, but in spite of this drawback everybody seemed determined in vieing with every body else in according to the representative of our gracious Sovereign a right hearty welcome, not only because he was the representative of royalty, but in consequence of the upright and impartial manner in which his Excellency has administered the affairs of the oniony wliilati resident amongst us. The day was kept a close holiday, shops, stores, and drapery establishments were closed at one o'clock, and the town appeared iu rich holiday garb, with flags flaunting from the house-tops and public edifices. Business generally was suspended, testifying so far as that was concerned the respect in which Sir Henry Barkly is held in the good old town of Balla rat. The streets leading to the railway, and the hotel where the Governor was to quarter, were densely thronged, and in the long procession which rapidly gathered,*the Western Fire Brigade and the Chinese residents were prominent, the latter in a gaily decorated coach, and on horseback At three o'clock the cavalry, under the command of Captains Burton and Sherard, had mustered thirty four strong. The Ballarat Volunteer Bangers under tbe command of Major Wallace, Captains Campbell and Drury, and Lieut. Strachan, mustered 156 strong, including the band. Both corps were marched to the railway terminus, where they tojk up appro priate positions; the foot within the terminus build ing and the cavalry outside. The members of both municipal councils herc waited until the arrival of the train. In a few minutes the train was along side. The engins was decorated with sundry tiny banners, and on his Excellency being recognised a long and loud cheer was uttered by the multitude. The Rifle Rangers presented arms on his Excellency alighting from the train, the band strack up the National Anthem, and another cheer-loud and long -greeted the representative of royalty. His Excel lency was next led to a carriage and pair provided for hts use. His suite, composed of Brigadier General Chute, bis aid-dc-eanip, Captain Richard son, Captain Bancroft, and Mr Wadsworth (private secretary to his Excellency), were provided with another vehicle lu the carriage with his Excellency rode the chairmen of the two councils. Ou the way to Craig's Royal Hotel, something like a procession was formed, tbe Rangers, with their band playing a lively air, led the way, and were followed by a de I tacUment of the cavalry. Next followed the carriage ! with bis Excellency's suite, and after that the carriage with the Governor brought up with a detachment of the cavalry. The Chinese procession followed with their instruments as noisy and discordant as ever. The street on each side as far as Craig's Royal Hotel was crowded with people in holiday attire, who cheered his Excellency lustily. The balcony of the George Hotel was crowded with a host ot ladies, who waved their snowy handkerchiefs and vied witb those below in the display of loyalty. On his Ex cellency alighting at Craig's Royal Hotel aiothei laud huzza rent the air. After entering the hotel, preparations were made for receiving the various deputations with addresses from public bodies, in the green-room. At the tims appointed addresses were presented by the Municipal Councils of Bal larac and Creswick, the Road Tl«°»*» *' J»*1, lora« ~>a Duuiuyoag, the Western Fire Bri gade of Ballarat, the Orders of OJdfellowi and Foresters, and the Chinese citizens hen resident. After the reception of the addresses HU Excellency was driven through the town, and in the evening he attended the banquet prepared in his honor. The banquet was laid in the hall of thc Mechanics' Institute, and was the first spread io that elegant and spacious room since its decoration. The caterer was Mr Brown of the Earl of Zetland Hotel. There were four tables running the whole length of the hall, eave the space occupied at the north end by a cross table on a raised dais for the principal guests of the evening. At the back of the raised table was a green baixe screen, over which was built a trophy of flags, the Royal Standard is the centre being flanked by the Union Jack and thc Dannebrcg. AU the seats were covered with green baize, and the tables, in addition to the artistically arranged viands and utensils were decked here and there with bouquets of flowers. The band of the Rifle Corps was in attendance, and played during the evening. Mr Daniel Oliver acted as toast-mas ter and the leader of a band of glee singers, compris ing Messrs A. Oliver, P. Cazaly, and the Messrs Miller, who sang io excellent style a selection ol glees during the evening. Mr R. Lewis, C.M.C.B., occupied the chair, having on bis right hand His Ex cellency Sir H. Barkly, Acting Captain Sherard, Mi Clissold, Captain Bancroft, Mr J. Baker, Captain Burton, Mr Jenner, MX C., and Mr Lockert ; and on his left hand Maj or-General Chute, Mr R. B. Gibbs, Major Wallace, Captain Richardson, anfl Messrs Wadsworth, Ling, Fisken, and Rankin. The first vice-chair was filled by Mr F. Young Chairman of the Eastern Council, and the second by Mr Humffray, M.L.A. 5 Mr W. C. Smith, M.L.A. and Mr Baird, Chairman of (he Ballarat Road Board occupying the two; other vioe-chairs. Among th» guests were four or five of our well-known Chin est citizens, who had previously taken part in the pre eentatian of an address to His Excellency. As fai as we had an opportunity of observing, the Chines 1 guests were among the most orderly at the banquet Over SOO gentlemen eat down to dinner. Including nearly all the leading public men, professional men and merchants of the town and district. His' Excellency also afterwards received a simila parting compliment from the citizens of Melbourne The metropolitan banquet to his Excellency toa! place in St. George's Hall, in Bourke street, ani proved s brilliant affair. Sir J. F. Palmer, Presiden of the Legislative Council, occupied the chair, hav lng on bis right the guest of the evening, bis Excel leney Sir Henry Barkly 1 the Chief Secretary, th Minister of Lands, the Minister of Mines, the At torney- Geaeral, the hon. Neil Black, M.L.C; an Mr B. D. lrelaud, Q.C.; while on lus left sat Brigs d^-G«eral Chute, Ç.B.; Q**Q Ifeewtaey, $ Bedmond Barty, the bon. toe Treasurer, the hon. Henry Hiller, UX.C; the Hiniater of Customs, the Daten Consul, and toe Minister of PabUo Works. The vice-chairmen were the Speaker of the Legisla tive Assembly (Sir Francis Murphy) and the Mayor of Melbourne (Mr E. Coben, M.L.A) The general company numbered about 230. Addresses were presented to his Excellency by both Houses of Parliament, and, in a word, we may state that never Governor relinquished office with a more general and more hearty respect felt fer bim ! than did Sb? Henry Barkly; nor have there ever been many, if any, governors anywhere who more en tirely deserved that universal respect. Sir Henry Barkly'« snccessor, Sir Charles Darling, arrived by the ship Suffolk, on the 9th September, accompanied by Lady Darling and family. His reception was good as became a gentleman who brings a negatively good réputation, at all events, and as became a people hopeful of good in memory ol good. The Cabinet Ministers, accompanied by the Mayor of Melbourne, proceeded to Sandridge and boarded the Suffolk for the purpose of welcoming and paying their respects to Sir C Darling. A very large crowd of persons abo proceeded to Sandridge, and a" much larger crowd waited at the terminus in Flin ders street, at which station fifty of the Volunteer Artillery were drawn np to receive the new Gover nor. At three o'clock a special train brought his Excellency with his family and suite from the Sand ridge Pier. He was greeted witta a fe w hearty cheers as he stepped on to the platform, and as his carriage ] passed up Elizabeth street, on ita road to the tem- i porary vice-regal residence in Collins street East The shipping in the bay was dressed with flags, aa i were many bouses in the city, but no guns were heard to fire a royal salute, as expected by the public on such an occasion. Ko sooner was the news re ceived of the new Governor's arrival, than Melbourne at once commenced to put on its holiday attire, and flags began to appear in every direction. The church bells even rung their welcome before they could be heard by the gentleman welcomed, and a degree of excitement began to make its appearance amongst tile population in the stre2is, indicative of the hearty welcome her Majesty's representative received. The swearing in of the new Governor took place on a platform erected in frost of the Treasury in Mel bourne, and was accompanied by the customary ob - s er van ces. His Excellency's first official act was thc proroguing of Parliament, and his next the hold ing of a levee, which was more numerously attended than any previous levee ever held io the colony. ' The R.M.S. Bombay arrived in Henson's Bay on the loth September, bringing tile July mails from Europe. Toe war in New Zealand bas called forth a good deal of spirit on the part of the sister colonies. Ail the military stationed in this and the other colonies ot the Australian group have been sent to New Zea land, and agents sent from there bave succeeded in enlisting a goodly contingent of volunteers to swell the ranks required to withstand the Maori rebellion. Colonel Pitt and Lieutenant Rickards have visited Ballarat for that purpose, and a company of recruits has been enrolled, and have departed on the way to the seat of war. Our own volunteer corps are just now entering into a renewed, term of service under .new and somewhat improved regulations. Two Sunday parades have been recently held, the corps marching respectively to the Sturt street Presbyte rian Church and to Christ Church, Lydiard street. At the former church the Bev. Mr Henderson preached from 1st Cor., ch. ix., 24,25, and 26 verses; and at the latter the Bev. Mr Potter preached from Eccles., ix. chap., io verse. Colonel Anderson, the chief officer ot the volunteer force, paid a visit tc Ballarat this week, and had an interview with thc officers of the corps relative to the new regulations. Captain W. C. Smith, of the Ballarat Corps, has resigned, and his resignation has been gazetted Last evening the corps held a dinner, the particulars of which will be found reported elsewhere. A valedictory dinner was given to Mr Clissold, Police Magistrate of Ballarat, on Friday evening last at Craig's Boyal Hotel, on the occasion of bit departure for Europe on leave of absence. The banquet was served in excellent style, and tbe com pany comprised mott of the leading men of thi town with some from the suburbs, tbe number o: the guests being between forty and fifty. The chah was taken by Mr B, LePoer Trench, barrister, anc the vice-chair by Mr Ii. Lewis, Chairman of th« Municipal Council of Ballarat West. Oa the righi hand of the chairman was tbe guest of the evening and on thc left Mr Baker, Chairman of the Minioj Board. On the vice-chairman's right hand was Mi W. Ci Smith, M.LA, and on thc left Captaii Campbell, of the Ballarat Rifle Corps. Among tin other guests we noticed most of the members of-bo tl branches of the legal profession resident in Ballarat the head officers of the police department, member of the local justiciary, and other gentlemen more o: less prominent in local affairs. This was a compli mcnt well deserved, for the guest of thcevenicg ha filled this important office for five or six years wit] uniform ability, courtesy, and uprightness. lu church and charitable and teetotal affairs the* is as usual a variety of incidents to note. Ther was a soiree held early in tbe month in tbe Presby terian Church, Buninyong, in celebration of the Bel Mr Hastie's return from Europe. Between 200 an 300 persons assembled on the occasion, and the pro ceedings generally were of an interesting nature. 1 soiree in celebration of the opening of the recent! erected north wing of the Benevolent Asylum wa held recently, and was a very great success. Near! a thousand persons were present, and the gross pro cecds amounted to from £125 to £130. The statistic of the Asylum show that thc onerous labors of th committee of management require all thc suppoi the public can give. The committee of the Ballara District Hospital has projected a lottery in aid o the funds of that valuable institution, bu so very questionable a method of rccrnitio its finances has met with considerable censun The Ballarat circuit of the Primitive Methodii Church has been increased by the addition theret of Beaufort end Clunes. By the appointments mad by the late English Conference of the Church i question, several changes ia the supply of ministei for this circuit have taken place. The Rev. li Buckle, who has resided ia Ballarat, as superintei dent of tbe circuit, for nearly five years, will procee to Brisbane, Queensland; and the Rsv. Mr Causlaui from Goulburn, will take the office here. The Rf Mr Addison has resigned, and the Rev. Mr Palfrej man proceeds to Benalla, and bis placa ia Ballan will be filled by the Rev. Mr Copeland, now on h way out from England; tbe place vacated by Bc Addison will be filled by the Rev. Mr Brown of Soul Australia. The Rev. Mr Taylcr bas been appoint) to Clunes, and the Rev. Mr Eggleston to Beaufoi Lectures bave been delivered here during tbe mon! by the Dean of Melbourne on " God's dealings wit England;" by the Rev. Mr New on the "Fall Jerusalem;" by the Rev. Mr Johnston on " Forbea ance-," and in the Temperance Hall oa teetotal sn' j eels, by Messrs Benson, Merson, Raw, Hoskin, ai other gentlemen. Mr Merson has been retained a paid advocate, and the teetotal meetings arc bett attended than for some time past. A lecture i " Madagascar " has been delivered by Mr Phillips Clunes. The Dean of Melbourne has preached st mons at Christ Church in aid of the funds of til church, where a new gallery to bold one hundr persons has been erected, and thc interior of t church decorated, as well as repairs and ore mentation added to the exterior. The parishioni of St Peter's (Anglican) are taking steps to ereci permanent church in some eligióle part oftbat lar parish, and tho Beau lately presided at a mecti held for that purpose. Our Melbourne corrcspc dent states that nutters connected with the C tholic denomination have caused sn assemblage Roman Catholic dignitaries in Melbourne. Arno others there are the Most Rev. Dr Folding, Ar< bishop of Sydney; and the Right Rev. Dr Wilsc Bishop of Hobart Town. The chief object of 1 ; Catholic Synod is to divide the present Victori diocese into two bishoprics, and with the view preventing ill-feeling in the denomination, transft ring the Right Rev. Dr Goold from the metropol without any apparent slight or censure upon hi though it is generally understood that the Catho body, as well as the Catholic authorities, ha for some time post not approved of the w in which the Bishop has managed his import; diocese. In church building there appears to beconsidei ble activity. The Wesleyaus are inviting tend< for several new churches in this circuit, and t English and Roman churches are also engaged new erections. The Roman Catholic Chui of St Patrick, in Sturt street, is fast nei ing readiness for opening, but the recent disas! to the Presbyterian Church of St Andrew opposi remains unrepaired. The contractor and the buildi committee have fallen out, the contractor has t moved a lot of materials by stealth from the grout and has just been discharged by the police ben from an accusation cf larceny preferred by the co mittee. How the matter will end it is impossible say. Architectural improvements in other ways ha been either effected or projected. Mr Jackson 1 just finished some handsome two-storied premises Mair street for shops. Mr Taylor, of the Red Hoi Bakery, has been making preparations for soi time past to manufacture biscuits by steam, and 1 his arrangements in a very forward state. No dot Mr Taylor will reap tbe well-merited reward of enterprise when he~ gets fairly to work, Mr Robt has opened his new ' two storied hotel at the con of Sturt and Dawson streets. The building h mortises with tbe premises previously erected by ' same proprietor, and is na ornament to the non Dr Hudson has erected a new residence near same comer, which is quite aa good looking as adjoining buildings. Mr Henry Smith, of the ] I hibition Mart, bas decided on making some extent I alterations and additions "to his business prenti j One of the principal features in the new build will be a clock tower, fifty feet in height. On M day, the tendervf Mr Lovell was accepted for work, at £2,379. Several tenders were sent which varied from £2,100 to £2,500. The built will be after a design prepared by Mr Rom. ' Exploration Monument, whose foundation BI the Ute Governor laid with much saisi mains unfinished, «nd « disgrace to th« ti! eltiwugh aoy erne of our Urger «nd riebt? toi companies, « *w icm ot nt «d404b4ií«»| couM completo the whole thing without bAag^ outlay. Wo hope fha disgrace will moved. The battle of the pto end «mti-nmke*eordaba«*BV| as to the cite in Start atreet» is not orer «ste mm&£-^ßM but the Council is quietly preparing for 4ba nuettms f'* vjs of the required buildings.-The reduction - sains'^gepl the justices in the assessment cf propetU ia'|li»rS|^ Eastern Mnnirjpality. amounted to £906. nusl value of property within. the iiiiinTr^tiMb/jC^^ amounis to within a fraction of £80,000. . j_"S^S The election nf a sew board for the Buainje^ pi& Bead Board district took place recently, whm miesni Ws||p Innes, Fisken, North »ge. Flockhart, Lamb, Btcänns Young, Smith, and Thomas were elected. m^Wmm\m^¿7iM the old Chairman, was again placed in the chair, aM;;!';-S|S; aubeequentiy his late and present cunfreresandosh« ^ gave him a complimentary dinner. At a nmwlrng ?èf _ ^ " the .Buninyong Highland Society, held a week:' me^ -S% twa ago, a ^f"^*""T« cap wat presentedte 1ft. ' "sj Hedrick, the very efficient president of trna 'rna ciety. ?^^'^:''^^ A Hr Frederic Hagues wai lately advertised te '.; ..' on becoming heir to au English baronet - tune. The lucky gentleman,, who hat paasea ;V« ; V;V course of colonial training, since his arrivât ia Xsa- : mania in 1849, as storekeeper, contractor, wood- : cotter, and miner, was discovered at Bunkern BBL > ,M near Ballarat. He has been badly oS, and tm Jmmvti-r-:.^ his wife have in fact had to eke out subsiateBae ly relief obtained from the Benevolent Asylum bern. ; We hear that they are persons of character «asl education, and St may be hoped therefore tna* »*ex'; V ? - will, as Sir Frederic and Lady Hoghes, te a cremt to .:- ?-rt th tir new found rank and fortune. We underataa^Ägp the baronetcy is of Hastings, in 8swea^"'«BnK^s|fB^P9 new heir the fourth baronet. - ^ "~ ^* ^ The late Mechanics' Institute SijbOMm -mim ^ followed by a ball, which brought a gain of £S1 IDs : ? ; 6d to the Institute. An auction bazaar crhitiliiai with concerts ii to come off shortly. The net ^pro ceeds of the first exhibition have not yet been de clared. The Horticultural Society is steadily hdamx am ;-. its way with gratifying success. At the neat twow, ' . a class for juvenile amateurs will be opened. Mr J. Miller lately read en interesting paper betöre tim society on "The culture ol Strawberries.**" The ^ . Acclimatisation Society is also progressing favor ably. An aviary bas been erected at thc Ttiwasfir Garden, and new additions to thc Society'* tans are being regularly made. The installation to Brother W. H. Ayres as W. M. of the Creswick Havilah Lodge of Freemasons, taner «s-^.: place according to ancient custom, on Monday even- S;."' ' ing, at the Ledge Boom, Anthony's American Hotel, ilSftW' Creswick. The ceremony of placing the WJt. dees "%gÄv in the ancient chair was performed by Brother £JiV 7 Steinfeld, assisted by Brother P.M. Le vinson. Hbe; following ofilcers were then invested by the WJt*- : Brother B. A. Burton, S.W.; Brother George Osas J.W. ; Brother T. W. Anthony, Treasurer; BroJlser Joseph Heid, Secretary; Brother John Moore Davis, S.D.; Brother Archibald Smith, J.G.; Brother John Tait, Tyler. The W.M. then presented the imme diate P.M., Brother Boycraft, with a massive ead. beautifully erecnted Past M astra's JeweL naaoe cf colonial gold, by Gasser of Ballarat, aa a testimonial from the members of the lodge, of their respect »nd esteem. The members and friends of the order of Odd fellows, Linton, numbering so persons, assembled at the lodge room, at Jackson's Boyal Standard Hotel, Linton, on Thursday evening last, to celebrate the second anniversary. After an excellent sepsasy. the usual loyal toasts were given and received with : applause. Those which succeeded were as follows:-. \ "The Sister Lodges," by G. M. Eddy; responded ia by Mr Lsvinson, on behalf of the Masonic ««der. " The Kindred Societies,** by P. G. Stewart/ re sponded to by P. G. Freeman, on behalf of the erda; of Foresters. "The past and present OSScem/' by - Brother Allen; responded to by P. G. Lata» sad -, N. G. Bath. "The Mining, Mercantile, and Agrt- . cultural interests of the District," by V. G. fraaer* responded to by Brother Dodds, Mr Forsyth, anA " Mr Harrison. "Toe Ladies," by Bro tier Jiodds; responded to by Brother Lake. "The ftes*,** by-~ ;V: Brother Harris; responded to by P. G^ Xattec. * " The Host and Hostess," by P. G. Freeman; re sponded to on behalf of the Hosten hy 'S. Gu Stewart. '; The Ballarat West Fire Brigade lately presented the following testimonial to MrDuncanM*Fariaii^; . V one of its oldest and ablest ofilcers, who is about to leave for Kew Zealand. Captain Campbell hating : ? addressed the retiring officer, concluded by reading , the following address, which- was nicely written «n satin and handsomely framed:-*' Ballarat Wiest ï&e; : ? Brigade.-To Duncan M'Farlane, Esq., late Lieu- ' tenant B. W. F. B. Dear Sir,-It would he apagbjr on onr part were we to allow you to leave Bailar ft - without expressing our deep regret at losing «osar' ' '"' ' ' valuable services. Daring your Ueuteuency ** tba three years you were a member, you were tm atc». '' '. ti ve, attentive, and courteous in the ulatmaraeiof your duties, thereby winning the es teem of «be «sa tire Brigade. Wishing you all the advantages lout - ability merits, and all the blessings that God eas ? bestow on you and your family, and prosperity fe. all your future undertakings, we remain, dear fife.' - - '. on behalf of the members, yours sincerely, MnlHn a ' " Campbell,Captain; Frederick M. Claxton, Hon.Sec, - - ' Ballarat, 20th August, 1863 " -.¿^j The Ballarat Gu Company lately hell ita half- \\- *"""--. yearly meeting. The directors'report ehawed that - ^* the profit for the half year amounted to £27S2 le£sL -; - which, with £2891 18s lld, the balancebft>ugÍU,for- - ward from the last statement, made the avansbjb* balance £5654Os 4d ; out of this sum the dutxjL^aaZ -*;- _ - ' commend the declaration ol a dividend at the sate fit v Í 5 12 per cent, per annum, and that the snntof£!SS9iie í 'i ;. -' placed at thc credit of preliminary expenses, winch, would leave an unappropriated balance of £3Sot Sa lOd remaining to the credit of the profit and soe*. - -, The chairman said the officers of the company bag given the greatest satisfaction to the di"TTors_ ; company had raised £10,000 on debenture*, with very little expense to the company, owing tn - -\ the manner in which the officers of the company bad : - ^ managed the off*ir. He had to announce that ut -, .v dividend of 12 per cent, per annum was paymine ita - the shareholders at the company's offices. Ballarat is deteriorating in the sensational ea 4s*: I as fires are concerned. Since onr last summary tbere. ; '. has been only one fire, but several alanna of £re, -; I among which Utter was a rather brilliant sdEär of I chimney-burning at the Hospital. Wo nave not . - -. not heard that tbe committee has boen fined for tjbe ' I breach of municipal law thereanenr. The realera .: Vjjí was also, luckily, a small one. It broke nqtMB ' I Sunday morning in the Miners' Foundry, bdengias ' to Mr James Ivey, situated on the banka nf tte.' Yarrowee Creek, and nearly behind tbs «tons intv~-.V;3 Messrs Wittkowski Brothers in Bridge street. The "--^ fire was occasioned by leaving a quantity of cbatcoal. ¿: on the top of the stove to dry, near which wm» av : heap of coals variously estimated at between two aaa three tons. We are informed the loss i £100, uninsured. In amusements, the great event ia comes early next month, and already ca_ v dows or its light upon ns. We allude to the £rést :- *.. Champion Bace Meeting on the first ó^y of Ootoí ' ber. This will be a splendid affair, and the '»yj»*»T*t: Turf Club has spared no pains to ensunngjsnt success. It is expected that hu FaXoeUency Sir C. Darling will be present on the occasion. Gra*et-:^: ting is waking up from Its annual hybernatioe, ami " both the B.C-C. and the Wendouree C3ub axe inna- ' tering their Jorcos for the play of the oaming'ap-- :y; to all which the expected visit of the All Tt*****^ Eleven of conree gives unusual spirit. There bas -. been a sailing match on Lake Learmonth hetaeus . . - Mr M'Kenzie's boat Stag, built by Johns, of fientk Yarra, and Mr Thomas Bath's boat 2£ereis\ - built by Sinclair, of Geelong, Xt ama st gay affair, and well contested. The Hereid esraeiu first by a short distance. The annualjrathersDS;jr'*' ^ Welsh harmonists, poets, essayists, and eo "__X* - ¿ which has been for several years held at O mthnñtñn?' " and other places, and which is cslky1 * "AÏ^SÏÏSZ?Ï language, Eisteddfod, willbe he'^ tto^^S^ . ol the Mechanics' Ins^^te. A prograruBmit^í í ? for harpistt, poet% and essayists hai for Some ÄBÄ ' " been «sued^^r ths benefit of intending enmpet&ms.-; \- ' A large gathermgiseapected. The HowaonBtsalV has concluded its engagement at the Theatre itójaí . ' and has given a successful concert since in tbe HaB"= * ' of the Mechanics'Institute. These talented per* : ^ formers will give a farewell concert in the T--ti placean the 30th instant. At the Theatre Ba*nt opera was lately followed by some melodrantaawSb editions of Pepper's patent ghost effects, which were on the whole very cleverly got np. ~ ~ " Ethiopian Minstrels sow reign at the are favorites with lovers of music and drc__ Ballarat Histrionic Club is preparing fcr i_ performance which is to be for the beneStnf 4be Exploration Monument funds. The Smylbeaaale Amateur Drematic Club lately gave performances bi aid of the engine fund of the Volante» Fire Bssgnaa - '? there, the proceeds of which amounted to £31 lia. The Creswick Amateurs have given two very successful performances in aid of the funds of the Creswick Hospital The proceeds amounted to £85 6s 6d. THE BLACKS ns THE FAS NOKTH.-CbM'-Insperxcë [ Hamilton, writing by the last mail tresa tba Esr ' North, on the 9th September, states that be baft reached Angipena, and expected to arrive «ftXalee1 Hope in about a week. The only outrage -aA*s»]bi! ? : mentions he had heard the blacks had111 ?III **»' f'^if an attack upon some women at an ont^alSBBsssjiiHräB v were, however, preserved from injury by tte* tunaVeturn of their husbands, one of ' one of the natives and gave trim a aw _ . la some places unprotected faur« had heen «¿bbei!; and aome cattle had been speared.. Tbs tiwjhjaa^^^j however, appeared to have come down witbtm ims^j^f^ ' like intentions, as supposed; but *%& :WmWikmgm seemed to have been to the Aroona Pangsn, : they collected a kind of red day «nfl thru wlwlsiif^» -Adtlaid* SéfUUr. ^ v í^S Printed and Published by GBOttOt EDWASQ ~ ' 0Kbf|l 