SI *MR. DISEÂELt, Km 'A NEW P'ANTÖ. í MIME.» IIN the « Prologue for the Theatre1' of Faust, th« Manager tells the Poet : - Yon know, upon our German stage, eveiy ona triei what he like-. Therefore snare me neither scenery no machinery «pon this d y. TJ« the greater and tho lease: ? light of heaven; you ire free to squander «be stars ; there is no want of wat«, fire, rooks, beasts, and bird» = So tread, in this n.rrow booth, tho whole cir« e of area '? lion, and travel, with considerate sneed, from heaven through tbe world, to bell. The author of A New Pantomime has followed J$S this advice to the letter, except in the article o: fl considerate speed. He has trodden the whole ? circle of creaton, but we have been obliged tc travel over five hundred and seventy closely L, - printed pages to keep company with him ; and ¡P although perts of the road were newly festooned w$ with wreaths of hiB own making, he rarely §,}, passed through a country, displayed a prospect, W?t or introduced a character, that was new to us. ¡P The plan of most of the scenes is borrowed ff from Faust, especially from the Second Part-an fextravaganza which was vary far,indeed from exalting the fame of Goethe, and is one of the last poems of an admired author that a judicious ii ' imitât r would select. The " Walpurgis-Nacht," È also, will not bear repetition. Addison killed il ' Sir Roger de Goverley to prevent him from fail- li ing into unwcrtby bands; and Goethe would lt - have done hi? best to lay the ghost of Mephisto fí phele*, had be been forewarned of the probable h reappearance of that spirit under Dr. Kenealy's ll, auspices. Dante, with many other writers on I? ' super or sub-earthly topics, is largely laid under If contribution ; nnd the Inferno ts re-stocked with [î - a motley crowd for the purpose of enabling the í copyist to pass sentence on any jv', one' against whom he may happen t;j to entertain a prejudice or a spite. fi The germ of his allegorical characters, lust, k envy, &c;, will be found in Spenser ; and a Û notorious French mélodrame may have sup« fplied a hint or two. In Le Juif Errant, all the .great men of all ages are judged, and only five, 'll including Socrates, Franklin, and Napoleon, are saved. The archangels encounter, and this sj colloquy precedes their combat : £i . Satan.-Miobel, tn mens. .A Michel.-Mensonge a toi, fils d'enfer I Û This is quite as much in keeping, and in quite as I good taste, as most of wbat has earned (as we I shall presently see) the applause of " the finest I" intellaot in Europe." Of Dr. Kenealy's capacity I for the distribution of praise and blame some I estimate may be formed from hiB dedication, I which is one of the curiosities of literature in itB I way : I To THE BIGHT HON B, DISBAEU, M P. I To you, the first and the kindest of orillos cn this poem I in ita fragmentary form, I now dedicate it in its oomplete i development, . I I beg you will, aooept lt as a token, howover alight, of I tbe deep, elnoere, and affectionate admiration in which I I have held you-although I dare not hope that it is in all § things worthy of Ihs applause of the finest intelleot in k Europe, and, BB Spencer Walpole reaently said, " of tho I most splendid genius that ever the HouBeof Oammons % prodused." Il Nevertheless, it is no slight gratification to me to be a : permitted to inscribe this work to the most illustrious I living orator and statesman, and to one who also as a writer ranks with the bigbeat on the roll of fame. For these rare qualities tbe world admires yon ; hut for my own part, I value more that noble candour and mrjsstio integrity of soul wbioh win from all who i approaoh you love and attaobment. As I east my eyes on Gainsborough's superb portrait of Pitt, whioh now hangs before me, I retraoe in mind the wonderful similarity in your mental elements ; but Pitt, though euperlitively great, could never have writ- ten Vivia* Oiey, or Sybil. That you are now misonieratood by many is but the fate whioh unites you with all who aohieve ; but history will do justioe to one of the (mest, brightest, endmost disinterested pnblio obaraoters that ever illuminated our country's annals. The good opinion of " Spencer Walpole " has hitherto been thought worth having, but if he wishes to continue so, he should lose no time in repudiating the saying attributed to him by his I familiar friend. Mr. Disraeli is undoubtedly a man of genius, and some sparkling passages might be culled from hiB speeches, bearing more resemblance to fireworks thrown up for display than sparks from a working engine. These, too are exclusively of a sarcastic or vituperative character. His only successful esBay in lauda- tory rhetorio turned out to be borrowed from M. Thiers; and no one statesmanlike plan or measure is associated with his name. To place him, therefore, in the same category with Chatham, Pitt» Fox, Burke, Sheridan, Grattan, Canning, and Brougham, would be loose talking; and to oall him "(lie most splendid genius that ever the House of Commons produced," is to utter a piece of exceedingly reprehensible trish, which we should be sorry to think was ever ut'ered by " Spencer Walpole." He is not made sponsor for the " majestic inte grity of soul," so we need not inquire whether that peculiar quality was displayed in driving him from Lord Derby's last Cabinet ; and when we are told that " Pitt, though (query, because) superlatively great, coull never have written . Vivian Grey or Sylil," we are reminded of Themistocles' reply to the objection that he could not tune a harp or play upon a lute. A precious parliamentary reputation must be that which requires a olever novel as a make-weight. If novel writing be the test-of eloquence and statesmanship, why is not Sir E. B. Lytton prime minister? ¡Why does not Mr. Dickons lead one side of the house, and Mr. Thackeray the other ? ' The Spectator requests his readers to . take notice that when he is more than ordinarily dull, there is a purpose in it. An analogous warning is given by Dr. Kenealy: The Poem that follows is an JEoigm* to the many, end will always remain so:-for the Wise and True and Learned it waa written, and tbey alane can under, stand and appreoiate it. Let no man orltioiee it who does not in part ooncelve what it raeariB ;-lot no man pronounce upon its Author who oannot enter into his soul. We read our own disqualification in these lines. We cannot conceive what the poem means, for the simple reason, that " your sheer no-meaning puazleB more than sense," and we admit, with- out regretting, our incapacity to enter into the author's soul; whioh would be a specieB of transmigration, neither edifying nor agreeable, considering that, to judge from this poem, its favourite place of sojourn is'.'The Abyss of Hell." Such is the plain outspoken heading of 140 pages of the book } of whioh, ' alas! only seven are given to "Heavon.'f To prove to him, however, that we are not utterly blind or obtuse, we bear willing testimony to the frequent manifestation of the poetical faculty, in the New Pantomime, to the idiomatic flow of the ,. language, and to the general felicity of the rhymes. It contains insolated passages of un- doubted power and.beauty, although BO obviously imitative that we are. never quito sure of their originality, eg. Goethe'B deathbed soliloquy including these lines : EyeB ju whose softness all ber soul broke forth, JPAfli« look wai language and whole light wai thought. His management of the Whistleoraft metre, if TX^iïM'ÏMUmime. By Edward Vaughan Kenealy, L.L.D. Londons 1863. we wèro joöT"too"frequonlíy reminded "2JS» Juan, would merit high commendation ; and his invectives, with all tho coarseness of Juvenal, have occasionally a good deal of the forco. What draws him and Mr. Disraeli together is probably their common fondness for aggressive writing and speaking; but whilst tho author of Coningsby dexterously employs the rapier, the author of The New Pantomime deals smashing blows with the mace or tomahawk, or pelts an assumed offender with dead oats and rotten eggs. His fiercest diatribe is launched at a living man of letters for killing (he Bays) poor L. E. L., and there are numerous s tanais which we cannot quote without a blank, eg, : Cold, io;.hearted villiana, like King Chirles, Wbo laughed while mon like Samuel Batter starved ; Or Horace Walpole, that mere mass of snarls, Or B-8 wife, tbat frigid humbug, o ir ved Of eteel or mathematics ; souls like leñarles In toughest oak ; in hell unrobed, nnlarved, Are subjeoted to fires by Miss Mednaa, Hotter (ban those that soorohed and killed GreuBa. The stanza devoted to Lady Mary Wortley Montague contains a now scandal, unknown at all events to Pope, which we cannot ventare to reprint. Gifford is thus punished in curious company for depreciating Shelley : Here toasts Earl Nelson : parson first, then peer ; Who swindled lady Hamilton : here sbrleka À orabbed wretob, aa soar as ¡¡tole small beer, Made sold in the san for several weeks, Gifford the oritio, famed for many a jeer Against tbe right and trae ; bis earojBe reeks Unpleasantly from yonder pit of thorns, In whioh be voids bia horrid mass of scorns. All classes of criminals are flung together, with no imaginable reason for their juxtaposition but tbe rhyme :-. Here is Macpherson, whom they surnamed Ossion Becauee he forged some rhapsodies ridiculous, The fellow tends Alecto's dogs Molossian Beside him is the Russian Emperor Nicholas. Here are some preachers from the towns called Goshen In the United States-they seem vermioulous : No wonder that tbey should, for 'twas their creed That saints of soap and water have no need. Here's Alexander Borgia, the hot Pope, With his three handmaids (see Machiavelli), Simony, Lust, and Cruelty; the cops Of hell contains no worse within its belly. Here's Doctor Dodd, who felt tbe hangman's rope, And here's the procuress who sold poor Nelly (The monarch's mistress,) when she was fourteen ; And here's the chap who bought her, a sly dean." Here's Prior's Chloe-a mere frowsy drab ; Here's Peter Pindar, an obscene buffoon ; Here's the Pretender, all one cancered scab ; And here's Lord Clive, blaspheming to tbe moon, Here's Robespierre, as ugly as a crab ; And here is Marat, tiger and poltroon. And Irish Grattan, who his country sold ; And Sarah Marlborough, an old snuffy scold. London is apostrophised much aa the New Babylonj was recently apostrophised by M, Pel letan : O London I London 1 London 1 glorious London i Centre of humbug, wisdom, knowledge, folly; Of knaves nndoing, and of donkeys undone, Of bold Miohtatbs, of many a trusting Polly ; Of Harriet WilaoD, and of Lady Sondon ; Of Johnson, Goldsmith, BOBWOI), Hunt, Paoli, Delightedly I think upon your name, Yon send so many to Gehenna's flame. Belloni and Mephistopheles interchange four pages of amenities, for which Grose's "Slang Dictionary" has evidently been ransacked : Bellona, Ass-reid, Blaokmoor, Oaokoo, Dotard, Splay foot, Yelper, wry.neoked wretob, | Stalker, Flnnby, Horse fice, Stuffgut, Heaven make me tby Jack Ketob 1 Mtphiitophdes. WbipBter, Gorgon, Pag-noae, Dog-faoo, Hair-brained Trail, Grimalkin, Flirt, Demirep, Lacedmutton Gadder ; Do give over flinging dirt. Nine pages of similar ribaldry occnr in a dis- pute between " Evil Spirit'' and " Devil's Ad- vocate," in front of the judgment seat of Minos : FwV Spi it. Scoundre1, Stinkard, Hadan, Booby I Dtvil't Ad ucate. Spoil not thOBB ripe lips of raby. Evt'I Spirit. Dunghill, Coward, Dance, Bascallion I Devil's Advocate. Why, you're rampant as a stallion. Mephistopheles, who (in close imitation of Dante's Virgil) acts as Goethe's guide and cicerone, includes anoient as well as modern ein. ners, male and female, in his descriptive cata- logue; but we suspect the learning of a fiend or author who confounds one Theocritus with another ; and we hardly know how the very title of the book can. be reconciled with Greek or etymology, for pantomime, instead of being " a representation in dumb show," is here all talk. It would take columns to abstract the plot of this book, if plot it can be called where plot is none.- All we know about the matter is, that all kinds of people and things, animate and inanimate, entities and nonentities, abstrac- tions and actualities, men and angels, gods and devils, poets and prose- writers, get into all sorts of odd places, possible or impossible, in- cluding " The Sky," " the Bedroom," "Heaven," "Tartarus," "Oloudland," «'Fairy land," "Taunus/' "The Abyss of Hell," &c;, &c;, and play all sorts of pranks in them. The upshot is. that Goethe andGrechen are released from " Hell, Utter Darkness, and The Furies,'' by a poet and Pegasus, and ushered into Ely- sium by Abelard and Eloisa, described'by choruseB of youihs 'and virgins as pre- eminently, qualified by their antecedents to do honour to virtue and genius. But the author might ask with Mr. Baynes, in the Rehearsal-" What a devil is the plot good for but to bring in fine things 1" If told that hm dramatis personae are not always plain, he would reply with the same high authority " Plain 1 Why did you ever hear people in the clouds speak plain ? They must be all for flight of fanoy, at its full range, without the least check or control upon it. When -once you tis up spirits and people in the clouds to speak plain, you spoil all." He evidently relies principally for the reputation and popularity of the poem upon the Abyss of Hell, and the cantos or pas- sages conceived in a similar spirit. As regards these, it must be allowed that . an astounding variety of criminals has been got together-what we -miss is, is a corresponding variety of appropriate judgments. The author is as much at fault in this respect as the Judges of England or the Home Office ; his system of secondary punishments ie ill-managed, defective, and obsolete. He has hit upon nothing that may not be found in the' Inferno, or the great picture in tho Sistine Chapel, or tho picture at Munich, in which a. torrent or avalanche of agonized wretches are descending into, the bottomless pit. Yet if indignation makes verses it might also invent penances. This gentleman, the very reverse of, Seged, Emperor of Ethiopia, who offered a reward for a new p'eaeure, would fain advertise for a new pain. We never met with a writer with so. determined a bent for cruelty. Lord-Macaulay Bays of Jeffreys ' There wee a fiendish exaltatim in tho way in which he pronounced sentence on effendi re. Their weeping ?nd imploring seemed lo tililate him voluptuously, and he loved to Beare them into fits by dilating with ' luxurious amplification on all tuo-do1alU~of' what Hoy were lo snftV, . There ls the same exultation: in Dr. Konealy's chief spokesmen, Mephistopheles, who . in Goethe's hands was a sneering and mocking, but not cruel Send. Considering the poet's lack of fancy in this matter, his hatred of the Church, and general knack. of burrowing, why did he not; adopting Sydney Smith's no. tion, picture a bishop preached at by mad carafes? And considering the declared sym- pathy with Mr. Disraeli, why was not the late Sir Robert Peel represented bound and gagged, with a spiteful rhetorician declaiming, and an excited bench of county members shouting at him ? 