PORTKLLIOT. rPrr.m our own ConrariondenLi Port Kllinf Titit? .- ^On-SundaT-last, June 23. two sermons were delivered at St. Jude's Church, in aid of the funds* for finishing and improving the building. The mnrniiur service was conducted by the Uev. Canon Russell, who preached an eloquent sermon ; and in the evening by the Kev. Mr. Williams, M.A. The congregations on both occasions were good, and the collections amounted to £u. On the following Tuesday evening a soiree was held in the Port Klhot Mill, which had been kindly placed at the disposal of the Committee by Mr. W. Basliam, a very old supporter of the Church in the district. The attendance was very good. Mr. Uindmarsh, J.P., was voted to the chair, and the proceedings commenced by that gentleman calling upon the Kev. Mr. Williams to read tbe Collect for the day; after which, a beautiful piece was played on the pianoforte by one of the ladies of the congregation. The children of the Sunday-school then sang, in a very efficient manner, a sweet melody, entitle! 'God is Love:' after which, 'Tne Bells of the Monastery' was played on the pianoforte in first-rate style. The Chairman then introduced the Kev. Canon Kussell. who delivered his well-known lecture on 'Ghosts.' At its close he was warmly applauded. During the evening several recitations were very effectively given by Messrs. S. K. Gault and J. Anstey, com prising 'WoUey and Cromwell,' 'Brutus and Cassius,'' and a scene from Otway's celebrated play of 'Venice Preserved.' The latter piece was loudly encored. Several melodies by the children, with pianoforte accompaniment, followed ; one piece. 'Good night,' was very prettily sang, and elicited a deserved encore. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to the l!ev. Canon Russell and the Kev. Air. Williams. Mr. Russell, in returning thanks, said he could hardly express the great pleasure he felt in being present on that1 occasion. He had been gratified by the rich musical treat which had been given. He had been particularly pleased with the recitations which had been delivered in so able a manner, and he hoped that others would imitate the example set them by Messrs. Gault und Anstay; and lie would also express his unfeigned pleasure with respect to the prosperity which seemed to exist in Church matters. He did not think there was any place in the diocese where the efforts of laymen, without a resident minister, had been so eminently success ful. He felt that they were all indebted to Mr. B. F. Laurie and others for the great exertions they had made in promoting the cause of religion in the ueightourhood. He exhorted all present to be united in effort, and, above all, to cherish feelings of brotherly kindness to those belonging to other denomination of Christians. At the close 'God save the Queen' was sung jiv the' choir, the entire company standing aiuh joining in most heartily. Port Elliot. July G. A terrific gale commenced blowing haro last night from this S.S.W., accompanied with thunder, lightning, and ruin. Several houses have been partially unroofed, and the gale is still blowing hard. The sea is running fearfully huh. The only vessel in harbour is the schooner Stormbird, which is lying safely at the inner mooring]. The gold' is intense, and the class is still falling. The body ot the youtlj drowned at Goolwa haa been found, and an inquest held, particulars of which I will give you no.u post. Port Elliot, July 8, On Friday night last, July 3, the whole neigh bourhood was thrown into a state of great excite ment and alarm respecting the loss of a little boy who had mistaken his way in the bush. It ap peared from the account given by the father, whose name is Wallace, and wliu lseugagdil in prospecting at the Coolamoonta silver-lead mine, near En counter B.ay, that requiring the services of the engineer, he sent his son. a itoy aljout lOyprs old, at 7 o'clock on Friday morning, to Encounter i'ay, to fetch him. The bo.v, it seems, passed the engineer on the road, out did not know it. He ac complished the journey to the liay on horseback Kafcjy, and on returning l)e missed the track, and got into the Bald Hills scrul*. ijear tq Waitpinga. He states that the horsu fell with him sevur.il times, but that he got on ugaui; he wandered alhjut till it got dark, when he got off the horse and fastened him to a bush, and laid down to sleep. When the moon rose he got up, and started off again. About 5 o'clock on the Saturday morning, .Mr. Thompson, of Wuitpinga, was aroused by the violent barking of his dogs, which induced hjiu to gut up. He then found thqt the dogs had set upon tne horse upqi) wluul) tup little fellow was riding. On telling his tale, Mr. Thompson took him into the house and warmed him, and gave him a breakfast. Shortly alter, some of the party who were in search arrived at the spot with Pohce frooper Hawker, from Port Elliot, and shortly after tha ppor boy was restored to his anxious father. The poor little 'telluv jniist have sujfacil considerably during the whole of Friday night, for the weather was bitterly cold. Great praise is due to the police, and ulso to the neighbouring settlers, who engaged in the search with untiring energy during the whole of Friday night. On Tuesday evening, July 7, Mr. J. B. Austin, from Adelaide, delivered his lecture on the 'Far .North,' illustrated by views exhibited by the magic lantern, in the District Schoolroom. A good bijiiiliyr «.f jiorsons were present, considering the inclement sUtu of the M'ttatht'}. T'ti; lfcv. ?'? Hotham was voted to the chair-, and in a few lirief remarks introduced Mr. Austin. [ I'he lecture has already been fully described j The vtews in tlu* magic laniern wcru very good, and conveyed to tlie beholder a fair idea of the nature of the scenery and the height of the ranges. The Kev. J. Hoihani moved a vote of thank* to Mr. Austin for Ins interesting lecture, which was carried unanimously. Buring the even:?;/ tin: lecturer made reference to the mineral deposit found in the liciubbcurhofjd of Port Elliot and Encounter Bay. He suited that only that morning he had been shown a stone which had been picked up in the township, in which specks of gold were plainly discernible with the naked eye. He said there was not the slightest doubt but that tbe whole surrounding country was rich in mineral deposits, and' he would most ilrongly uwe upijn the inhabitant.? and settlers round the advisability of .an ciicrgutic aiul vigpriius search. The weather has now moderated, ami the sea is going down. The Stormbird has sustained no in jury whatever. During the prevalence ol the gale the schooner Adcuuu, lying at Uosetta Head, broke from her moorings and went ashore; fortunately ?she has sustained no material injury. The cargo, wliicl} i-; a valuable one, is safe, and it will only be a question of time and expensi: to get it all out undamaged. 