FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1863. Among the provisions of the Duffy Land Act which have hitherto been received with most favour is the clause relating to leases for "novel industrial " enterprises." The 47th section of the act provides that when " any person de " sires to make vineyards, or olive yards, " or mulberry or hop plantations, or per " manently to establish in Victoria any " useful plant or industrial enterprise or " process, which was previously unknown " or not generally known and used, he may obtain a lease of thirty acres, for a period not exceeding thirty years. No more than one hundred such leases are to be issued in any one year. The application for any such lease is to be published four weeks consecutively in the Government Gazette, and the conditions of every lease are to be laid before both Houses of Parliament. At first sight, it is difficult to find any objection to a provision of so plausible character. The idea of thus encouraging novel industries seemed to recommend itself to men of all parties and all shades of opinion. The author of the act himself took great and especial credit for this part of his work; and we confess to have been ourselves among those who regarded it as one of the most valuable features of Mr. Duffy's measure. The experience of the last twelve months has, however, convinced us that there has been as much " dodging" about this clause as about any other in Mr. Duffy's Act and that very great abuses have been perpetrated, at the expense of the state, Under the pretence of encouraging "novel in " dustries." The one hundred leases available to the projectors of novel enterprises have been quickly absorbed, and the readiness with which they were taken up was made the subject of infinite self-congratulation by the late Minister of Land and Works." So enamoured was the department with this, its one solitary triumph of land legislation, that an attempt was made by the present Ministry, in its amended bill, to increase the number of leases granted in each year from one hundred to three hundred. The attempt, however, fortunately failed, with the rest of the project to enlarge and perfect Mr. Duffy's scheme. The Legislative Council could not be persuaded of the efficacy of the plan to promote " novel industries." There was, in fact, no industry created under the act which could be said to be novel in any sense. The industry which consisted in getting permanent possession of a valuable piece of land at a nominal rent, had ceased to become a novelty since Mr. Brooke's famous occupation licences. The greater part of the leases of thirty acres, we have reason to believe, have been simply occupation licences under another name. The industries principally prosecuted by the leaseholders have really no element of novelty at all about them. Some most flagrant cases have come to our knowledge, of rich and valuable lands, worth from 3 to £6 an acre, which have been alienated from the state, upon false pretences, and for the most trivial consideration. In the first place, the leases have been granted to persons notoriously unfit to make the required use of these lands, and to many who, from their position and avocations, could not possibly come within the category of the promoters of novel industries, as contemplated by the act. In many instances the conditions of occupation have been grossly and openly evaded. Instead of a "novel industry," the cultivation has assumed the appearance sometimes of an orchard, sometimes of a kitchen garden, sometimes of a pleasure-ground. The condition of novelty has been fulfilled by the planting of a few cuttings of the vine, a few seeds of tobacco, or a few slips of the orange or olive. The words of the clause are so loose that half a dozen novelties of this kind might give the requisite character of newness to the whole allotment of thirty acres. In not one out of ten of the hundred allotments which have been so leased has there been any honest endeavour to comply with the real requirements of the Act ; nor have we heard of any new industry which has arisen through their leasing. The culture of the vine itself cannot, with any propriety, be called a novel industry. The vine is one of the oldest and most generally diffused of all Victorian cultivated plants. It is to be found in almost every garden throughout the colony, and the cultivation of it may be said to be one of the oldest of all the industries practised in Victoria. As for the olive, the hop, or the mulberry, we have not heard that their cultivation has, in any perceptible degree, been stimulated by the operation of the 47th clause. The growth of tobacco has greatly extended during the last year or two, but that is in consequence of the large and quick profit which that plant has been found to yield, and not because of any privileges which have been granted by the state to its cultivators. It is very doubtful whether "novel " industries," properly so called, are to be created or promoted by any such means as those which the Land Act provides. The projector of any such industries, supposing him to be possessed,, of the necessary skill and energy for his early ought not to require such in- ducements as those which the act holds out to prosecute his enter prize. If he cannot afford to buy the freehold of his land for his olives, his hops, his mulberries, or his tobacco, he is clearly not one who can do much with a novel industry's He is more likely to be a mere speculator, who has taken up the lands for his own particular uses, whatever they may be, than the pioneer of a new and useful public enterprise. The state certainly can, and should, do much for the promotion of novel industries, but it is not by leasing the lands on easy terms, for a specific purpose, that the state can benefit either the individual bond juk cultivator or the general public. The true and only mode of promoting novel forms of industry in this colony-of acclimatising the vegetable products of other countries, and of adding to our sources of national wealth, is to remove every obstacle, in the first place, from the free and natural course of land settlement, and to give every facility for capital to make for itself new channels-not to prescribe the modes and forms which the national industry shall take, but to leave the labourer to find his own employment-, the capitalist to seek his own invest- ment. The more the problem of the present wage-rate is examined, the more convinced must the intelligent bystander so that an increased immigration offers the only solution of it. Every argument that the vulgar reasoner is in the habit of urging against it may be pronounced in its favour. It is said, for instance, that there exists a vast amount of destitution and distress, which should be a warning against the introduction of fresh industrial hands. But the present destitution by no means equals that of 1855 and 1858, and since I then we have added to our population in other words, destitution has decreased while immigration has pro-"] greased. Then, exclaims another, the importation of inferior labourers won't cheapen labour, for they won't work. It is obvious that the statement is but one more argument in favour of wholesale immigration. The pressure is not sufficient on labour. It is idle and capricious half its time, simply because it can maintain itself on the price it charges for the other half. And, in fact, in this sense, the high rate of wages is positively prejudicial to the morals of the country. As long as a man can earn in one week what will support him for two, the demoralization commences. This accounts for the phenomenon of dissipation complained of in the reports of the road boards, given elsewhere. Another stupid fallacy is, that it is necessary to keep up the wage-rate in order to decoy the emigre in other words, that with the reduction of wages will come a diminution of immigration. Of course it does not need a moment's reflection to see that the wage-rate of this colony never has been the main source of attraction to the adventurer; that not an emigrant ever sailed for our shores Without the foreknowledge that if wages were high, so also were prices. With- out taking into consideration the abnormal influence of the gold era, it may be taken for granted with tolerable safety, that people have migrated Aus traliawards, impelled not so much by causes of attraction as of repulsion. The social history of England tells pretty plainly that it is the pressure at home which regulates the volume of the stream of emigration. A love of adventure, the promise of an acre or two, the individual expectation to win a prize in a lottery in which with some prizes there were many blanks, the reckless escape from some intolerable evils-all these considera- tions influence the conduct of the emigrant far more than the study of the wage-rate. Neither Canada nor America has over offered such a system of premium as ourselves, yes even in the fabulous era of gold, emigration was not diverted from Canada or America. Added to this, if a high wage-table is inviting to the instincts of labour, it is decidedly forbidding to those of capital. If we gain the labouring class, we repel the class who are to employ them. A good deal of the confusion that exists on the subject of wages arises from an inattention to one of the simplest principles of political economy namely, that there should exist a ratio between wages and capital. Capital is the fund from which labour is remunerated. If the rate of wages is not in proportion to the wage fund, capital or the wage-fund itself suffers. A non-natural wage- rate simply has a tendency to render capital unproductive. Capital is locked up, or it emigrate. This is precisely the state of things with ourselves. Labour encounters no competition, it drives its own bargain, and it combines to put a pressure On capital that it cannot bear, and to which it succumbs. Of course the reduction of the wage fund follows on the withdrawal of capital. Hence the mischief records on the authors' own heads. And this is the aggravating feature in the case of the workmen who thus combine against capital. They are picking their own pockets. The case stands thus. Unless the capital of a country is increased, wages cannot rise. If the labouring population be augmented (and in our case augmented more or less it must be each month without the relative augmentation of the capital, wages, except by an unnatural effort, must decline. If the capital is allowed to augment, competition, which is its life, takes place, and either indirectly in the consequent fall of prices, or directly in the increased demand for labour, or in both ways, the workman secures the best possible price for his labour. The immigration of labour in a young country, after that country has arrived at a certain stage of accumulation, should have a tendency to reduce wages, but only till it has so augmented the national capital that employs it j till, in fact, the demand for labour is in excess of or equal to the supply. It need hardly be said that in a healthy state of things, a reduction in wages is merely nominal, The money wage, but not the real wage, as it is the custom to distinguish them, is, in fact,' 'dimirUBhed, A good illustration of' the difference between the two is offered by the wage-rate in England, English wages, for various reasons, have not kept pace with the increase of English capital ; that is to say, relatively to capital, there has been an apparent reduction in the English wage-rate, But no man will deny that the condition of the English labourer is not fifty per cent, better than it was when capital fructified less bountifully. The reason is obvious. Labour has never been at a prohibitive price. Capital has borne fruit fourfold . rivalry in its application has been in- tensified, and the greatest possible cheap- ness in production, consistent with a minimum of profit, has accrued for the benefit of the labourer. That the present rate of wages in this community is out of proportion to the means of producing and the cost of living, is clearly enough proved by the report of the municipalities on the state of the labour market and its prospects. We should state at once that we do not put much value on the synopsis. A road board, though it may be the best, is nevertheless a bad agency for the collection of such a census. It is apt to do its work officiously or else perfunctorily. In tho case of one of the reports in question, for instance, it is candidly allowed that the statistics are manufactured from a labour office. Added to this, the inquiry which was imposed by the Ministerial circular is of a too inquisitorial nature to be received with any other feeling than that of suspicion and jealousy. It is evident that the interrogations have not been answered without reluctance, and in some instances the state of the labour market has evidently been examined with foregone conclusions. As it is, however, the evidence all tends to confirm the suspicion that the wage fund of the country is being overtaxed. That part; of the return which is of most practical value is the comment on the absence of all machinery for the equal distribu- tion of labour. Labour is in demand, if it could be got at. Branch depots are recommended, and at present, in the absence of any more elaborate scheme, the plan is the best the Government could adopt. The system of registration of the wants of employed and employer, we may add, may be kept up with considerable advantage. It obtains in Canada, and there is no reason why it should not be successful with ourselves. With regard to the class of immigrants at the depot at this moment, we publish a letter which at once shows that a good deal of unmerited abuse has been heaped on Mr. Knight. We have very good reasons to know that but a few of the candidates in that institution are factory operatives, and many have never worked in a mill. Most of them have, in fact, followed different branches of skilled labour, and the needy employer may take his choice from blacksmiths, bricklayers, and carpenters, to. saviours, machine makers, wheelwrights, and shoemakers. One word of advice we would give to the Lancashire immigrants themselves. If they are really desirous of winning an independence in their new field of labour, it is to their own interest that they should guard against the interested misrepresentations of those false friends who would have them discontented with fair rates of remuneration. Mr. Doyne's letter may lead them to expect that their virtue will be tried on the other hand, the fate of the immigrant specimens, of which the Mount Alexander Mail gives us a detailed account, should teach them better things. A deputation from the council of the Royal Society waited yesterday on HisExcelloncySbc Charles H. Darling, K.C.B, to solicit His Excellency's acceptance of the office of patron to the society. Dr. Macadam, vice-president of the society, who was accompanied by Dr. Mueller, Mr. A. K. Smith, Rev. J. J. Bleasdale, and Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, preferred the request in the name of the society, and made some observations in reference to the past labours and prospects of the society, presented His Excellency with a copy of the society's Transactions Dr. Macadam expressed his regret that his colleague as vice-president, his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, was unavoidably absent, as the latter could have to much more advantage represented the claims of the society. His Excellency stated, in frank terms, the pleasure it would afford him to comply with their wishes and expressed his gratification with the Victorian display at the Great Exhibition, which he was happy to learn had been under the auspices of the Royal Society of Victoria. The deputation thanked His Excellency, and withdrew. We have our files. from Hobart Town to the 14th, and Launceston to the 16th inst. The Examiner states, on the authority of a telegraphic message, that Parliament would be prorogued on the 29th inst. probably an error for the 6th. The Treasurer of the colony has been authorized to borrow a sum of £10,000 on debentures, for the purchase of Armstrong guns, and other arms and ammunition. The Assembly has passed a resolution, by thirteen to eight to the effect that the letter of the judges to the Governor, complaining of charges made against them in Parliament was a breach of privilege. The Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court were continued yesterday before Mr. Justice Molesworth. The principal event of the day was passing sentence upon Keenan and Cain, the bushrangers, who had been convicted on the previous day. They said nothing in arrest of judgement, and his Honour, after dwelling upon the fact that they had both been previously convicted, sentenced Keenan to ten years' hard labour on the roads, the two first in irons, and Cain to eight years' hard labour on the roads, the first year in irons. He remarked that he was in ducted to pass so light a sentence because the prisoners in their treatment of their victim f, (Mr. Stack had not taken him so far into k the bush that he might perchance have been left to starve to death. The remainder of the cases were unimportant. The secretaries of the various Melbourne and suburban cricket clubs met at Marshall's Cricketers' Hotel yesterday afternoon, and arranged the programme of matches for the season. There is every prospect of the game being maintained with unflagging spirit during the coming year, inasmuch as the attendance was unusually large, and the matches agreed upon correspondingly numerous. The heavy rainfall will, however, postpone the commencement of active operations until a, little after the customary date. In most instances the clubs start with matches between sides taken from their own ranks, and the. playing season practically opens on the 10th of October, when the Melbourne and East Melbourne Clubs take the field against each other. Upon, the same day the Civil Service Club meets the Royal Park and upon the 24th Richmond will muster its first eleven to play the Malvern Club. No arrangements were made for Melbourne beyond the close of the year, In consequence of the uncertainty existing as to when the metropolitan ground will be required for the All-England matches. Among the events spoken of, apart from ordinary contests, was a match between a town and a country eleven, the latter to be composed of three Castlemaine, three Sandhurst, three Ballarat, and two Geelong players. This encounter would be one of the most interesting of the season, and looking at its value is furnishing data for the selection of a Victorian twenty two to meet the English champions, it is to be hoped that it will take place. An effort is to be made to bring it off during the month of November. The following are the clubs which were represented at the meeting: Melbourne, Richmond, East Melbourne, St. Kilda, Civil Service, Emerald-hill, Royal Park.Mnlvero, South Yarra, Coast, Brunswick, South Melbourne, Essendon, Press, Ironmongers, Essendon, and Prince of Wales. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, a girl named Johanna Byrnes, a servant in the house of one David LobsBcher, resident in Sandridge, charged her master with assaulting her, The complainant alleged that she had been endeavouring to prevent one of the children from crying, but was unable to do so, and because the child cried, her master struck her. There was no proof, however, to corroborate the statement of the girl, and as the defendant flatly denied having struck her at all, the case was dismissed. One Edwin Charles Wilson charged Patrick Flannigan with having used threatening and abusive language towards him, besides having placed him for a time in bodily fear. It appeared that the defendant had been in the complainant's employment, and had been dismissed and it was alleged that when he was told that his services were no longer wanted, he had behaved himself so violently as to alarm the complainant for his safety. There was no proof, however, that the defendant had mis- conducted himself in any way, and the case was dismissed, with 20s. costs to the defendant. A seaman on board the Water Nymph, now lying alongside the railway pier, was sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment on board the hulks, for insubordination on board. On the previous day, John or teous and Joseph Curry, seamen belonging to the same ship, were sentenced, the one to eight weeks, and the other to four weeks' imprisonment on board the hulks, for a similar offence. It appeared that all three had been guilty of misconduct, and had assaulted both the first and second officers of the ship. Mr. Call, P.M., and Dr. Plummer, were the presiding magistrates. The Excelsior Co-operative Association hold a public meeting this evening, in the National Hall, Fitzroy, the Hon. C. Vaughan in the chair. In the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court yesterday, in the case of Webster, appellant, v. The Australian Trust Company, there was a decision on points upon which Mr. Justice Molesworth and Mr. Justice Chap- man had given conflicting decisions. The decision of Mr. Justice Molesworth was up- held. On behalf of the Lonsdale-street Young Men's Association, this evening, a public lecture is to be delivered in the lower school- room, Wesley Church, by R. O. M'Ooy, M A., on " The Being of a God, as evidenced by the marks of design in creation." No charge will be made for admission. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at Emerald-hill, upon the body of Eliza Farrar, aged ten years, the daughter of Patrick Far- lan. The evidence of the father of the deceased showed that she was taken ill on Tuesday last, and, on the afternoon of Wednesday, was seized with convulsions, and died the same evening. Having heard the medical evidence, the jury found that the deceased died of congestion of the brain and its membranes. In another column appears a list of subscriptions collected for the benefit of the widow and six children of the late Mr. Jas Judge, clerk at the Melbourne Goods Station, Victorian Railways, who was accidentally killed, whilst in the execution of his duty, on the 16th June lost. Mr. Judge was much respected by his brother officers, and being a strictly temperate man, the Rechabites and other temperance bodies have subscribed largely to this fund. The superintendent of the Immigrants' Home, Princes Bridge, begs to acknowledge the receipt of 10s. from Mr. W. R. Smith, a donation from the lodges erecting the Odd Fellows' Hall, to the life-and-death band. Also £1 from Mr. Allard, Russell-street, to the funds of the institution. A meeting of policy-holders in the Waterloo Life Assurance Company was held yesterday afternoon, at the London Tavern, to receive a report of a committee previously appointed to consider the position of the policy-holders, and to offer recommendations as to the transfer of the policies. About sixteen policy holders and their representatives were present. Dr. Brownless was called to the chair. Mr. Bardwell, chairman of the committee, reported that they had been in negotiation with other companies upon the subject of a proposition for the holders of Waterloo policies to transfer them altogether to another office, but only two of the offices in Melbourne were in a position to entertain the question without asking for fresh powers from home. One of these, the London and Liverpool, would only receive the assurers as new customers, allow- ing no consideration for premiums already paid to the Waterloo; the Victoria would, however, take all the policies if they were all renewed in that office, subject to a medical examination of each assure. The committee, or a majority of them, recommended that the offer of the Victoria Company should be accepted. Eventually three propositions came before the meeting one to accept the offer of the Victoria Life Insurance Company ; one to transfer the policies to the Liverpool and London Office and a third, to renew the policies in the British Nation Office; the latter having bought the business and taken the liabilities of the Waterloo Assurance Society. The proposal to join the Liverpool and London Office was not seconded, and therefore fell to the ground. The motion to accept the transfer to the British Nation was negatived by eight votes against seven and the original motion, to accept the offer of the Victoria Office, was carried by the double vote of the chairman, making seven votes against six. Thom is not much in volunteer circles at present calling for particular notice. It may be mentioned, however, that the enrolment of volunteers for New Zealand still progresses satisfactorily. Yesterday Borne twenty volunteers were accepted at Colonel Pitt's office, in the Port Philip Hotel, Flinders- street, and there are now about 12 men on board the Golden Age, the vessel chartered to convey the next detachment to the scene of Opera- tions. It is expected that she will fall on Saturday, at the Williamstown Police Court, yesterday, before Mr. F. Call, P.M., and Mr. J. L. Freyer, J.P., Peter Conway, Thomas Johnson, Thomas Fowler, and Richard Marks, seaman belonging to the British ship Robert Small, charged by the master with disobeying the lawful commands of the officers of the vessel, were remanded till this day, for the attendance of the necessary witnesses for the prosecution. It is generally understood that Mr. P. A. C. O'Farrell, whose estate was subjected to compulsory sequestration by an order of the Supreme Court, on Monday, is non est inventors. A meeting of the Hustler's Reef Mining Company was held at Sandhurst on Tuesday last. A report from the directors was read, from which it appeared that, during the last two months, 439 tons of quartz had been crushed, which produced 681 oz. 18dwt. of gold, or an average of 3oz. 2dwt. per ton. The value of the gold was £2,711. A dividend of 1s. 6d. per share was declared, and £166 added to the reserve fund, leaving a balance of £184 towards the next dividend. It was resolved that 1,000 tons should be raised from the large reef in the company's ground, as a trial crush- ing. A handsome gold watch and chain were presented to Mr. Millen, the manager, by the shareholders. The half-past eleven a.m. train on the Melbourne Railway, yesterday, was prevented from leaving the city terminus, in consequence of an empty carriage having got off the line at the points. The obstruction was removed in a few minutes, and traffic was resumed shortly after noon, the seven minutes past twelve p.m. train starting punctually to the minute, The Melbourne Hounds will meet tomorrow morning (Saturday), at Oakleigh, at nine o'clock. At the Prahran Police Court, yesterday, James McFarlane was sent to gaol for fourteen days, for habitual drunkenness ; Edward Reynolds, also, was fined 5s. for drunkenness. Mr. Hackett, P.M., beg to acknowledge the receipt of 21s. from the secretary of the Melbourne Railway Company, for the benefit of the poor-box. We find the following in the local columns of the Cornwall Chronicle :-" Mr. Frederick Hughes is anxiously inquired for, as he has become heir to a baronetcy and valuable property in England. The solicitors interested on behalf of the rightful heir to the title and property, and in furtherance of his sister's wishes, have written to his worship the Mayor of Launceston, requesting his aid in tracing out the whereabouts of Mr. Hughes. The only clue to this is, that he is said to have been a Government storekeeper at Launceston in 1849. This is quite correct ; Mr. Hughes was clerk and storekeeper at the Colonial Hospital, Wellington-street, in that year, and up to some time in 1851, when he resigned his situation and left the colony to proceed either to Victoria or South Australia. Mr. Hughes kept a hay and corn store for some time on the Wellington-road, and the old residents in that locality, or perhaps some who have removed from it elsewhere, may be able to give the requisite information as to where the fortunate Mr. Hughes is at present." Mr. Love's polyphonic entertainment, at the Polytechnic Institute, continues its career of fair success. It was repeated last evening before a good house, and the better scenes were loudly applauded. The conversation which the polyphonic keeps up with no less than five, different persons was excessively amusing. The comedy of "The Rivals" was reproduced last evening at the Theatre Royal, with the following admirable cast Sir Anthony Absolute, Mr. Lambert; Captain Absolute, Mr. R. Heir ; Falkland, Mr. Ireland ; Sir Lucius O'Trigger, Mr. Fitzgerald ; Bob Acres, Mr. C. Young ; David, Mr. W. Andrews ; Lydia Languish, Mrs. R. Heir; Julia, Miss Rosa Dunn ; Mrs. Malaprop, Mrs A. Phillips. It is scarcely necessary to add, that this sparkling comedy, well played throughout, was most favourably received, and it will doubtless draw another good house this evening, when it will be withdrawn. The "Ghost Illusion" was also brought forward once again, in compliance with numerous requests to the management, and it will be repeated this evening. The effects produced are certainly calculated to excite wonder and amazement, albeit the comic element has properly the upper hand over the seemingly supernatural. The laughable farce of " Family Jars," supported by the talents of Mrs. A. Phillips, Mr. Lambert, and Mr. C. Young, followed, and made out an ample entertainment of comedy, ghastliness, and farce. At the Princess's Theatre last evening a complimentary benefit was given to Miss Julia Mathews, who is about to visit New Zealand professionally, by the members of the Garrick and Orpheus Dramatic Clubs. There was a capital house on the occasion, all parts of the theatre having been more than well filled. The programme for the evening embraced Boucicault's five act comedy of "The Irish Heiress," and the burlesque of " Fra Diavolo, or the Beauty and the Brigands." The male parts in both were supported by members of the above named clubs, the female characters being sustained by Miss Mathews, Miss Rose Edouin, Mrs. Gill, Miss Marian Dunn, and Miss Lizzie Naylor. It is, of course, unnecessary to be at all critical with regard to the merits of amateur performances under any circumstances and it need only be said that, both in the comedy and burlesque, the amateurs engaged played as well, perhaps, as they could be oz pected to do. The success of both pieces, however, depended greatly on the ladies, and they did all that was required of them. On making her first appearance, Miss Mathews received a warm greeting, and deserved it, and she was favoured with frequent marks of the gratification of the audience throughout the evening. In the interval between the two plays Miss Mathews was presented with an address from the members of the Garrick and Orpheus Clubs, in which high appreciation of her past services on the Melbourne stage, and an earnest hope for her future welfare and success, were expressed. The address was accompanied by the gift of a very handsome gold bracelet. Mr. Fawcett returned thanks on behalf of Miss Mathews, In fitting and humorous terms. The latter then spoke an appropriate farewell address, written for the occasion by Mr. W. M. Akhurst, at the close of of which she retired, amidst loud and continued applause. 