THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE— CHRISTMAS ENTERTAINMENT. fne spring series of lectures were on Wednesday evening, December 23, concluded by a novel but most interesting entertainment. It consisted of an introductory address by the Bev. J. Jefl'eris and recitations and readings by gentlemen who volunteered their services for the occasion. Mr. N. Bltth, M.P., one of the Governors of the Institute, presided. He opened the proceed ings with a brief description of the origin and object of the entertainment. The Bev. Sir. Jefferis then read the following introductory address:—The Governors of the Institute have wisely, as 1 think, decided to close the spring scries of lectures with an entertainment which should be in harmony with the festive spirit of the season. Our forefathers were accustomed to regard Christmas both as a holy commemoration 1 and a cheerful fe-tival, and so they marked it not | only by devotion, but by hospitality and men-i nvent. It would ill become us to alter the clirarocter of the good old customs," except so far as we may be compelled by our altered circumstances. We consider it, therefore, not only out of place, but absolutely necessary, to mark the advent of Christmas with some thing of festive joy. No apology I am sure will be needed, ana certainly none will be less desired, for changing the grave and sober lecture into a lightsome entertainment. The gentlemen who come after me will present you with a medley, compounded, like the far-famed national Christmas pudding, of materials both solid and spicy. My part is the prologue or preface, or, as we may call it. the fir st dish. If it does not present much of the excellent savour of the Christmas goose, I will at least endeavour to extract from it the quality which some of you may chance to associate with the name, and the name only, of the hoar's head. There was a time when certain of ! our ancestors decrieil, on religious grounds, all the festivities of Christmas, as tending to profanity and wickedness. Hudibras, in his celebrated satire, has happily, though coarsely, sketched them— " A sect whose cliief devotion lies In odd perverse antipathies, In falling out with that or t his, _ And finding somewhat still amiss. Bather than fail they will deny That which they love most tenderly; Quarrel with mince-pies, and disparage Their best and dearest friend, plum-porridge; Fat pig and goose itself oppose. And blaspheme custard through the nose." I may be permitted to say, as a descendant of these Puritans, and a great admirer of tlieir bold and innovating spirit, that the satire by no means fits their representatives in modern days. Since the debauchery of the Cavaliers has been banished from our English homes there is no need for the protesting austerity of the Soundheads. We accept God's good gifts with joy, and think it no disgrace to religion, or to the Saviour, when we celebrate His birth with festivities and merriment. Some of us have a decided weakuess for mince pies, the flavour of the Christmas goose is grateful to us all, and we pay due homage to the lordly plum-pudding. We think, it joy to be present, or to assist at a meeting like this, where the chief object is to difluse | in the hearts of many a wholesome spirit of I gladness. I shall confine myself to the festival we celebrate. Other friends will wander to and fro, bringing choice selections, "grave and gay," from many authors. I speak simply of the glad Christmas tide, sacred for ever in the memories of , the past, lint how shall I picture it with the thermometer standing as it does here at 90° in the shade, when in the dear old country a great fire, too big, is the very heart and soul of Christmas— where no one is satisfied unless out of doors everything is cold, cutting, and dreary, with the snow falling in heavy flakes and long icicles de pending from the roofs, and the sharp wind whistling through the naked trees. Honestly, I do pity you (.indeed I should myself but for past memories! who have never spent the day in fatherland. Alas for the effeminacy forced upon you by the cliine. You caver yourself with the very lightest of clothing, and sometimes such is the heat towards the midday meal you would be glad, with Sydney. Smith, to "put off your flesh and sit in your bones." You hardly dare continue in any athletic exercises by way of promoting appetite lest you should melt away. At dinner, instead of 'vthc sacred rage of hunger," there is the ignoble rage of thirst. You drink thin colonial wine or lemonade, and all your tables are decorated with flowers. You eat cher ries, strawberries, and plums, the very sight of which would make old Father Christmas blush to the tip of his nose. As the afternoon dies away and twilight comes on, you forsake the house, and woo the festal gales that may or may not blow from the sea; and thus the day closes calm, and peaceful, and bright, and yon retire to rest sub dued, quiet, and content. Now, I will not deny tliat there is some charm in all this; nay, I have known some go so far as to deliberately affirm that even on Christmas Day they would prefer the long warm sunshine to the cold and fitful gleams of the winter frost- the landscape golden with corn and green with the vines and fruit trees, to the pure white surface of untrodden snow - that they would choose the hahny western air, fragrant of the sea, rather than the violent east wind that even pinched their noses blue; and a pleasant walk at twilight's darkening hour, rather than the noisiest game of hot cockles and forfeits that ever made the rafters of the old house shake. When I hear such sentiments, and wish to exhibit my learning, I repeat that classical quotation from the Eton Latin Grammar, O teni poraf O mores! and if I am Just then poetically inclined, I think, without speaking, of that beauti ful verse of our greatest living poet— " Like struugers' voices hero they sound, Where not a memory strays, Nor landmark breathes of other days; But all is new unhallowed ground." I will not, however, pursue the contrast or vex the soul of any bom South Australian with dis paraging references. It would be enough to say that I think it possible nnder our very different conditions of life to make the day as it ought to be —the day of days in all the year. But whatever we do. we must not forget the solemnities and happy customs that used to prevail at home. With the advance of knowledge and the rupture of feudal ties, they are greatly changed, but in remote country parishes, not yet dese crated by railroads, tbey are stiil preserved in almost their ancient force. The festal cere monies commenced on Christmas Eve, and a log of wood sufficient to last for 24 hours was laid upon the fire: The log was brought in to the sound of music and a soug. The following was one of the most common:— "Come, bring with a noise,,my merry, merry boys, The Christmas log to the firing. While my good dame she bids ye all be free, And drink to your heart's desiring. With the last year's brand light the new block, and For good success iu liis spending, On your psalters pray that sweet luck may Come while the log is tending." I When the Christmas fire was thus made, the family retired to rest, to be sweetly disturbed once and again by the music of the waits, who sing Christmas carols underneath the window.. Some of us, I dare say, remember this wild nocturnal music. It comes across me now as one of the sweetest remembrances of my boyhood. Usually ] the carols were very ancient, most were quaint, i some were very beautiful. I can give yon but a | verse of one. The Virgin is contemplating with j holy satisfaction the birth of the infant Christ— j " He neither shall be clothed In purple nor in pall. But all in fair linen. As were babies alL I He neither shall be rocked In silver nor in gold. But in a wooden cradle. That rocks in the mould." The morning of the day was usually announced , before day-break by the simultaneous ringing of the church-bells. Tennyson has beautifully de scribed it— " The time draws near the birth of Christ; The moon is hid; the night is still; The Christmas bells from hill to hill Answer each other in the mist. Four voices of four hamlets round, From far and near, on mead and moor, Swell out and fail as if a door Were shut between me and the sound. Each voice fair changes in the wind That now dilate and now decrease; Peace and good-will, good-will and peace, Peace and good-wiil to all mankind." Then when all are up, the joy of the day fairly commences. Children get their long-expected and long-wished-for Christmas presents. At an early hour three masses were in ancient times sung by die priests. Since the Kcformation, the seemly Pro testant service has been subs'ituted. Thisover, the rest of the day is abandoned to genuine merriment. Families are reunited, differences are made up; from 1 o'clock until midnight the streets are de serted, but within doors all is life and gaiety. The dinner is of course the graud event of the day. Boar's head, turkey, goose, and roast beef are the standard dishes of the first course. Then comes the plum-pudding, flanked by mince-pies, followed by the old-fashioned dessert of oranges and apples, and almonds and raisins. The English are usually good eaters, but on this day their gastronomic feats are beyond praise. After dinner comes the wassail-bowl, threatening overflow as it comes in, solid with roast apples when set down. Au hour for digestion and a cup of tea, 3nd games are entered on in right earnest. The old Christmas pantomime is indeed gone into oblivion: the Lord of Misrule, the Abbot of Unreason, the Morris Dancers, the hobby-horse, are seen and heard no more; but instead of them tlieie are riddles, ; charades, hot cockles, forfeits, music, dancing; this last a real and genuine thing, with none of the etiquette and frivolity of the ball-room, j The walls are decorated with holly, ivy, and laurel, while in the ceutre of the room hangs the mysterious mistletoe, the cause of many anxious desires and gentle throbbings, under which ex pectedlvor unexpectedly the maidens are sure to be kissed. How happy then is the modest youth and his ingenuous love. How grateful are their sweet anticipations of that golden time "when life is all onedream of love and flowers." It would lie pleasant to bold forth at length upon this in viting subject, but time is inexorable, and my limits are more than passed. In conclusion, let me say that it matters little if the outward form of Oliristmas wholly changes in this land of the sun; but it will be a loss to us naturally and socially if its spirit,, at once holy and festire, be bauishec! frooi our hst tbe hospitality and brotherhood—the interchange of love—the seasonable charity remain wiili us stdl. Christmas is a Cliristian feast, and the rcism of Christianity isattainelin the reign of beneficence. The rev. gentleman on resuming his seat was heartily applauded. The Cuaieman called upon Mr. C. Bichardson to recite, as had been specially requested by the Governors of the Institute, "The Dream of Claudia Procula," the wife of Pontius Pilate. Mr. Bicrakdson gave this exquisite fragment from J. Barnes with great power and pathos. His delivery was distinct, his action gracefully appro priate, and the modulations of his voice skilfully adapted to the varying scenes described or seuti merits embodied in the text. As an effort of memory it was most remarkable; he never missed or misplaced a word, and so intense was the inte rest he excited that scaicely a breath was heard, except the reciter's voice, until he brought liis task to a conclusion, when a long-restrained burst of applause proclaimed how greatly tlie.dramatic effectiveness of his delivery was appreciated. Mr. VY. Kay then read with great humour "The Storv of Gabriel Grub," from Llie Pickwick Papers. He kept the company in a hearty laugh almost from the beginning to the cud of his reading. The Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. L. Glvde, M.P.) recited "The Legend of Sir Lancelot Boyle," from Bon Gaultier, in a style that elicited repeated plaudits. Mr. J. H- Clark, one of the Governors of the Institute, read a pathetic passage from H. Kings ley's novel, "Geoffrey Hamlyn," in a pleasingly affecting manner, and was most deservedly ap plauded. ^ Mr. C. D. Cooper caused great amusement by his spirited recitation of "The Jhgoldsby Pe nance." Mr. E. J. Hodgsinsov read the Adventures of Savage and the Ghost, judiciously condensed from "The Christmas Carol" of Dickens, in a clear and interesting manner. He also was deservedly applauded. The Hon. L. Glyde recited, by way of epilogue, . " The End of the Piay," by Thackeray, doing full i justice to this very beautiful composition, i The liev. J. C. Woods proposed a vote of thanks j to the geutiemen who had so ably contributed to the evening's amusement. ! Air. Babti.et seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The Chairman announced that arrangements were in progress for the autumn series of lectures. He then vacated the chair, and this very amusing and intellectual entertainment was brought to a con -ltisii-n. 