PROFESSOR PEPPER'S PATENT GHOST. This scientific spectre made its Best appearance iu Edinburgh on Monday night at the Freemasons' Hall. The entertainment was announced to commence at eight, but it was fully a quarter past that hour before a beginning was made, and nearly an hour and half were occupied by the exhibition of a panorama illustrative of the war in America. To persons going simply to see the ghost, this long introductory, and totally irrelevant, part of the performance is somewhat tedious in spite of the excellence of much of the painting, and the interest of many of the scenesin the panorama. The views of Washington, Fredericksburg, New York, several of the battle pieces, aud two or three of the specimens of Amcricau scenery, were rcmarkbly good, and received a great deal of applause. At length, however, the long canvas-rofl came to an end, and the etage was prepared for the " New Spectral Drama of tlie Haunted Man." The hauutcd man ia the hero of Dickens's story so named, and is represented as a chemist seated in his laboratory. To him the ghost rises, not like the stage ghost of Pamlet s father thruugh a trap door, but as in the twinkling of an eye, with a flashof unearthly light—with noiseless celerity, with apparent substantiality, and with perfect impalpability. In fact, comparing the two figures of the haunted man and his hauuting ghost together, the ghost seems the more red of the two, being brightly illuminated, while the chemist himself walks in shadow. The ghost is ccrtainly a very unwholesome color—it would bo unreasonable to expect a fresh complexion in a spectre— but otherwise there is nothing in his aspect to lessen the feeling of corporeal reality which the image so stildngly suggests. It is only when he fades as suddenly as he sprung into sight, or when tiie real man passes across and through the shadowy counterfeit, that the spectator is truly startled into belief in the illusion, as an illoBion. A female figure attired as a bride is the second spectre, and her dress and appearance, herlace^ her jewels, her hair, are all so amaringly life-like and true-sthe jewels sparkle not with-dim and ghostly lustre, but like hard and solid gems—that seeing is almost disbelieving in the ehaAov. Bat as ehe came, in a, moment, from uowhither, and returned thence "without sound or motion;" one is compelled to acquiesce in the fact of her being an' unreal mockeiy—though the reality of which she is the reflection is not, of course, far off In Bhort the illusion is complete. Some of the accessories were not so perfect as they might be; and the performance was a little slow but allowance must be made for a first right in a new place. Altogether the ghost—which is registered, and cannot be called up without permission of the patentee—is well worthy of a visit. Less obliging and intrusive than such visitants are understood as a rule to be. Professor Pepper's ghost does not give, but receives visits—at two and at eight P.M. daily in the Freemasons' HalL —' The Scotsman.' 