ON SNAKE-BITES AND THEIR ANTIDOTES. The following paper was lately read before the Philosophical Society of New South Wales by Dr. Berncastle :— "A few general remarks on the various snakes of Australia will, I presume, be interesting to those who are exposed to the danger of them, and may also be a guide to the person bitten, of the urgency of the case, and necessity for more or less active treatment. "The snakes of Australia may, for our purpose, be divided into two distinct classes, the venomous and the non-venomous. The venomous most often met with are here named and classed in the order of their supposed virulence:— The deaf adder, the brown banded snake with yellow belly, the brown snake, the black snake, the whip snake, various other snakes, according to particular loca- lity, and nearly all varieties of sea snakes. The non-venomous are :— The carpet snake, the diamond snake, the green-tree snake, and the brown-tree snake. These are quite harmless, and, like the boa-constrictor, capture their prey alive, and gra- dually devour it. The two first are nocturnal in their habits, and so is the prey they live upon. The pupil of the eye is linear, like a cat's; and, having no poison fangs, their bite cannot be dan- gerous, so that no further observations on them will be required. "As a general rule, all snakes of a dirty, livid colour, with the fissure of the jaws straight instead of curved and flat head, may be looked upon as poisonous, and in a greater degree as these fea- tures are more or less present— the deaf adder and brown banded snake being very good illustrations of this rule, as they answer in a high degree to the above leading features, and are, as is well known, the most deadly of all our snakes. There are many bright-coloured snakes in this and other countries highly dangerous, as well as the livid ones. The real proof, however, of a venomous snake consists in the poison fangs, one of which is situated on each side of the upper jaw, hidden in the fold of the gum. and can be seen when the animal is irritated, like a very sharp-pointed tooth, slightly curved backwards; it is traversed by a grooved canal in the tooth, leading from a gland placed under the eye, where the poison is con- stantly secreted for use; and when the snake intends to bite, the poison glands, compressed by muscular action, impel the poison into the excre- tory canal, which conducts it through the fangs, from which it is instilled into the punctured wounds they have made. The longer the snake retains his hold, the more dangerous will the bite prove, as he has been able by continued com- pression of the apparatus to squeeze in more poison into the wound than by a superficial sudden bite; there may also be found only one puncture, instead of two, if the bite has been given side- ways, one fang only having entered the part, which might lessen the danger. "'One great peculiarity in all the Australian snakes is, as compared with the venomous snakes of other countries, the remarkably small size and shortness of their poison fangs, seldom exceeding one-sixth of an inch, and oftener much less, with proportionate small calibre; which fact being well borne in mind will assist materially in diminishing the danger, and simplifying the treatment as re- gards the excision of the bitten part, which, being never deep, does not require those frightful muti- lations we often hear of up country, with the ad- dition of gunpowder set alight on the wound, fingers chopped off, and other useless acts, which a knowledge of the anatomy of the apparatus will prove at once to be quite uncalled for, as the cut- ting out of a piece of flesh as large as a sjxpence, well raised up with the forceps, will necessarily include any part that the fangs could have reached. "It is widely different with the snakes of tropical countries whose fangs are often much thicker and longer; for instance, the puff-adder of South Africa, of which I have seen the fangs half an inch long, and thick in proportion. The rattlesnake and cobra di capella have much larger fangs than the Australian snakes, their bite being also much more fatal. The deaf adder is peculiar in having larger fangs than any other Australian snake, and has something at the end of its tail like a sting, about a quarter of an inch long, similar to a thorn, which it can erect at will. There is a popular error very prevalent that when it bites it stings simultaneously with its tail, which it appears to do by its wriggling motion, but this caudal termination has been examined by the microscope and found to be imperforate; it only occurs in the old males, and in spite of the terrors it has been invested with must be considered as a harmless appendage of this otherwise most deadly reptile. "It is not generally known that the male platypus has, attached to its hind legs, a perforated horny spur, more than half an inch long, con- taining a secretion which it probably inserts into the puncture made, causing violent inflammation in the limb, of which I know a well-marked in- stance occurring recently. Sea snakes are known by their flattened tail, and are found in abundance in the Eastern Seas, near the shore. I caught one on the Malabar coast, with which the sea was swarming, about 10 miles from land ; it was rather like the brown banded snake, with yellow belly, three feet long, with flat tail. The poison fangs were distinct, and I pronounced it venomous to those who were handling it incautiously. Persons in ships, having often an idea that they are some- thing like eels, have, more than once, paid the penalty of such a mistake with their life. I knew of two instances in India occurring— one to a surgeon of a man-of-war at Madras, and one to a major returning home. "Whilst at anchor, m the Straits of Malacca, I saw a black md white ringed snake crawling into the hawse-hole, and another coming on to the poop by a rope over the side, showing that the bush is not the only place infested by these dangerous visitors. Sea snakes do not generally attain a large size, all those I have seen ranging from three to five feet. "The fangs of all snakes, when extracted or broken off, rendering them harmless for the time, are reproduced to any extent, after a few weeks, each reptile being provided with a number of rudimentary fangs, ready to replace the lost ones. "The ignorance of this fact has been fatal to snake-charmers in India, who exhibit the cobra in the streets without any danger, and have all at once died from its bite, when least sus- pecting it. Underwood, of Melbourne, probably made the same mistake. In the present state of our knowledge there is no such thing thing as a distinct certain antidote for a snake bite, but there may be included under the head of antidotes a system of medical and surgical treatment, which, if promptly, and carefully applied, will, I have no hesitation in saying, be found equal to overcome any symptoms arising from the poisonous reptilies of this country. Since I have paid attention to this subject, I have collected a large amount of information from persons of long experience in the country; and all of it confirms me in my original opinion, that from the size of the fangs of all Australian snakes, by adopting immediately the proper treatment, as a general rule, no case would prove fatal. "I shall not allude to the old-fashioned remedies —as the Tanjore pill, the eau de luce, senega root, or the more modern ones of galvanism, ipeca- cuanha (in which I have no confidence), or any other remedy which in its turn becomes most popular— but shall proceed at once to point out the treatment which has the general sanction of the medical profession in various parts of the world, and which has been found to succeed in desperate cases where no particular antidote could have been of any avail. "Treatment.— The person bitten should imme- diately suck the wound well, and if he cannot reach the part, cause it to be sucked by somebody, as it extracts a large portion of the poison, which is thus prevented entering into the system, and the danger becomes less in proportion. This practice is of high antiquity, and is quite harmless to the person doing it, who may wash his mouth out with water afterwards. A ligature should at the same time be applied rather tight about half an inch above the wound, between it and the heart, which should be left on for some time, as it stops the circulation, and prevents the poison being conveyed by the absorbents into the system. The part bitten should be raised up well with the forceps, and a piece cut out not larger than a six- pence, which will include the whole depth of the puncture, and the bleeding should be promoted by warm water. There is no fear of cutting any of the veins or arteries if the flesh is well pulled up by the person cutting it; and if the bleeding is unusual, continued pressure on the part with lint or a hand- kerchief will stop it. When the bleeding has ceased, the ipecacuanha poultice may be applied to the part as a matter of further precaution. The surgical part of the treatment, which is the first to be carried out, will thus consist in the sucking, the ligature, the excision, and applying the ipecacu- anha poultice. I do not recommend to enlarge the puncture or scarify the part— which promotes ab- sorption—but I should prefer it to be sucked well, undisturbed by any interference until it is cut out with the knife or sissors. "I should not object to the part being touched with the actual cautery or red- not iron, if such be at hand immediately, which would prevent excision being required; but I think it is more painful, and inferior in efficacy, as it is not followed by a flow of blood, which is so useful. The patient need not be dragged about as is the custom, but may sit in an easy chair, in the open air— his state being something similar to a person in a fainting fit— requiring all his strength to rally against the state of collapse; and for that purpose experience has proved that there is no remedy so certain in counteracting the effects of the poison and its excessive prostration of the entire nervous system as a large quantity of brandy, whisky, or any other spirits, taken pure, or mixed with water, at the option of the patient, and in quantity a pint or more, according to the urgency of the symptoms. All this should be taken as soon as possible after the bite; no intoxication will take place. and if the symptoms of it appear, no more should be given. This large amount of spirits, that under ordinary circumstances might of itself be fatal, will be found completely to overcome the poison by suddenly rousing the prostrate nervous system to regain its equilibrium, and thus become the real autidote, and the only one that can actually be depended on in any dangerous case of snakebite. A child will be able to take it by wineglassful, with equal part of water, and the tolerance of pure spirits in such cases is wonderful. I believe this important remedy was first found out in America, where the rattlesnake is so common, and old Indians allowed themselves to be bitten for a pint of pure whisky, which they drank off at once, and found no symptoms of poisoning from the bite, or of intoxication from the whisky. This fact being once established, its application has spread far and wide, but not so generally in this country as it should have done, considering its well-acknow- ledged successful results. The next antidote in importance is the well-known remedy — strong liquid ammonia — which should he taken at intervals with the spirits, about half a teaspoonful in a large wineglass of water. As the patient rallies and urgent symptoms disappear, the antidotes can be withheld, and, if immediately after the accident this plan of treat- ment has been actively carried out, a few hours would, in most instances, place him out of danger. "The efficacy of these rules is only equalled by their extreme simplicity, which will enable any person to proceed at once with the treatment with- out the loss of a minute, as every minute's delay increases the danger. For the use of people living in the country, I have, after some trouble, com- pleted a small box, contouring spirits to begin with, and all the instruments, appliances, and antidotes required for curing any snake-bite, with printed directions how to use them effectively. The cost is a guinea or half-a-guinea, sold by all chemists; the price being made very low to enable all classes ex- posed to provide themselves with it. "I heard quite recently of a man who was bitten by a black snake, and was fast sinking, when a neighbour, following my printed directions, made him, with other treatment, swallow a large quantity of brandy, and from that moment he quickly recovered. The case is so good an illustra- tion of the advantages of the treatment here re- commended, that I will extract a few lines from the Moryua [Moruya] Messenger, 17th April, in which I saw it quite by accident last month, my antidote- box being alluded to also, and strongly recom- mended:—'The man Patrick Kelly was severely bitten in the thumb of the left hand, and became perfectly insensible. The wound was scarified and the usual remedies resorted to. A gentleman had, however, upon hearing of the circumstance, hastened to the spot with a bottle of brandy, which was very opportune, for the case was almost hope- less, and would, no doubt, have proved fatal other- wise. Ammonia was applied to the wound, and administered in the usual doses. He is now doing well but has not the slightest recollection of any- thing that occurred between the interval of his receiving the bite and his coming-to.' "I have since writing the above, received the full particulars of this case, which are so interest- ing to the public generally that I give them here in full, particularly as three cures have been effected in one locality by adopting my treatment. "I will conclude by observing that the blacks of this country, who must have great experience in snake-bites, use, in their rude, untutored way, the same surgical treatment as is here advisod, with the addition of immersing the patient in cold water; repeated cold water affusion to the face might be used with advantage instead of immer- sion. The bites of centipedes, scorpions, tarantulas, and other venomous insects are best treated with ammonia, applied to the part and taken internally. The same treatment as applied to men should be used for all animals bitten by poisonous reptiles." "Sir— In reply to your letter of the 28th inst., it gives me great pleasure to state that my treat- ment of Patrick Kelly, of Moruya. was entirely owing to the printed directions published by you, and I have no doubt that three persons in this district this summer are in a degree indebted to you for their lives. "Kelly's house is distant from mine about three-quarters of a mile. Immediately I heard of the accident, which I did from a person riding furiously to the town, I ran to my own residence, took up a bottle of brandy, another of spirits of ammonia and some ipecacuanha powder, and went as fast as I could run to Kelly's. I found the piece had been cut out, though not in the way you have directed. I then gave the patient about half a tumbler of pure brandy, poured some am- monia into a saucer and held in the wounded part— the thumb; after a minute or so I put some sweet oil in with the ammonia and bathed the wound, and after that put on a poultice of ipecacuanha, and then gave a little more brandy, not quite half a pint, as it happened there was not any more in the bottle. I had not taken time to read your directions again, and therefore acted upon them from memory. The messenger shortly returned, not with a doctor, but a bottle of brandy. I sent for a doctor, and kept my patient walking about, assuring him that there was not the slightest danger. I gave him a little more brandy, and re- mained nearly two hours, and then left, desiring his friends not to give him any more brandy, as he was becoming intoxicated. I met the doctor as I was leaving; I must have been with Kelly in less than half an hour after he was bitten. I had nearly forgotten that there was a very tight ligature round the wrist, which I had loosened. "In the evening I returned and found that Kelly had been in a very dangerous state; that the doctor had poured cold water from a height on his head. I told the doctor that the people must have given him more brandy; I found it had been so. The man had drank a quart of strong brandy; he was in a state of coma. He would not take anything into his lips until induced hy me, and then drank half a cup of coffee, after which he immediately revived, but was ill for two or three days. A gen- tleman down here cured a child by giving such a quantity of brandy as a medical man said was sufficient to kill it. Another cure here has been effected since Kelly's, by an immoderate use of spirits. The snake that bit Kelly was a full-grown black snake, which he was in the act of killing. It hung over a log of a hut, and as he caught the tail it bit him. "Trusting this will convey all the information you require, "I remain, in haste, yours faithfully, "W. Stewart Caswell, "Police Magistate, Moruya. "Moruya, June 9, 1863." SKETCHES IN THE BUSH. [From the Farm and Garden for June 18.] No. VI.— SHEARING TIME. The two most important operations which have to be considered at a sheep- farming establishment every year are unquestionably the lambing and the shearing of the flocks. I have already, in a iormer sketch, briefly aescnlied the lambing down.'' and will now give a short account of the arrangements that, are made and the methods aduptud to facilitate' the' pioCdss of shinning. These two periodical events, which occur every VI months, resemble each other in the one par ticular of their needing additional hands to be hired expressly for the purpose— in the former case as lambmindera, and in the latter as shearers hut they dirl'er totally iu the eflect they produce on the appearance of the head-station. As tlie flocks are lambed down— each almost in varmiily a« a sppara.te out-station — the lainb minders, of course, are seiU to them; &»d '?£ at that busy timo all tho 'knock-about hands' that can possibly be spared at the homo-station are also sent to assist in the same purpose, the latter, ns well os the kitchen and men's sleeping apart ments, arc nearly bared of their usual inmates. A few necessary persons are alone left there, and even the number of casual strangers ut the hcad stati.m is much diminished in consequence of so many finding temporary employment (six or eight wisoki) di;;-ji}g the lambing time, liut exactly the reverse Ukcs place at sheariiiu timo, tor tittui sill the business is concentrated at the head-station: ami, including shea: ere, shepherds, carters, and the variety of persons who are engaged in the dif ferent duties which must be attended to, from the time that the wool is taken oil' the backs of thesheep until it js piclycii in bales and sent awaj to the ship ping port, the pefiiianfiijt inl:shitii'i[s of;; moderate size I station (say of about 2:J,()!JI) sKcbp'i win 1)9 raired from perhaps eight or ton to aljoiit 5!), ami the influx of travellers probably much increased also. Shearers are generally hired exprosalv for the occasion, and but seldom form part of the perma nent stnft' of the establishment, although un doubtedly many a 'knock-about hand,' bullock ilriver, or even shepherd, will engage him self at a sheep-station for the usual duties, with the understanding that he shall be allowed to shear at the proper time. Usually, however, snearers' consist cf young; strong, and experienced men, who at other tunas of tl)«s yoar engage in ' piecework,' well-sinking, hut-building, &e.;, and look with something like contempt on the cn:up.irativo)y lazy and ill-paid billets of shepherd or liutkcupor. Many a small farmer, too, who is perhaps be ginning agricultural pursuits, and does not abound in cash, U glad to add to his resources by taking a turn at slie:vriiv.', as it occurs ;-.t a time generally when he can be spared at home: but 1 do not think that the o!d hands are particularly imrtial to these ''cockatoos,' as they are universally called in the bush, for they imagine that the practice of employing them tends to lower the price given for shearing. I he price given since the diggings, which had the effect of raisin? wages almost universally, has been about 2' is. a hundred, fluctuating a little ac cording to circumstances: and as an expert and practisu.l .shearer 'ran 'hhcar SO sheep or more well in a day, his wages will l.e very good, Should it hr.ppen. too. that the shed js what shearers themselves call a pood one, or if lie is fortumte enough to be able to shear at two sheds cwisecu tiveiy, he will be able to make up a good 'tally' or numlwr. He will probably find no difficulty in shearing 3.010 altogether, which will bring him in £}(), licsides his chance of prizes, which arc given by many employers for the highest number oi the cleanest shearing, or both combined. The expression ' a good shed'' requires a little explanation, for although it is readily understood and used by shearers ai.il bqshnieii, it is prol^b!e that employers would demur to its accuracy. It has no reference whatever to the external architec ture of the building, nor even to its internal ar rangements, although unquestionably the personal comfort of the shearers will depend much on the proper ventilation of the shed, and the facility of shearing will he much increased liv the proper construction of the 'catching-pens'' and tlie dif ferent arrangements by which it can Iu readily ascertained how many each man has shorn in the daj', so as to leave no room for dispute, it is something very difierent: for the phrase in ques tion Is used hy shearers to dascnlie a shed in which the control and supervision is very defec tive, thus enabling the men to shear them as they like. This makes a wonderful difference to the shearer; for as the amount of his cheque depends on the number of sheep he disposes of, it is of course to his advantage to do as many as possible; and if the employer or his overseer does not lay down stringent rules, all the 'trimmings' (wool on the iegs, head, &c.;) will be left on, and a very superficial quantity will lie taken off the whole fleece. Bv these means, a quick and slovenly shearer will easily make his 120 a day. or even more, when prolwbly in another shed, where the supervision was more strict, he would find a diffi culty in exceeding SO. The difference between 'tomahawking' the sheep and 'shaving' them (the bush expressions fop the two extremes) to the pockets of the sheepfarrrier may Imj imnginod. Supposing he has but 20,000, and only calculating the loss of wool bv a slovenly process of shearing to be half a pound, at 6a. a pound (both much within the truth), his loss would bp £250, which would have paid his shearers in full £200, and left £50 besides to pay for their board, &c.; A good deal of rivalry exists at shearing time to be captain, or, as they term it, 'ringer' of the sheif, anil much chaffing necessarily takes place, and occasionally soma ill-will between those who aspire to the pre-eminence. It is not only a post or honour, but of profit also; for it is evident from the system of payment that he who shears the most sheep will carry away the bijpest cheque, and perhan3 a prize too of £5 or so in addition. Prizes, however, of late years have Iwen given judiciously, more to those who shear each sheep in the best manner than to those who get through the greatest number anyhow. During the fever of the gold diggings, when the excite ment was at the highest, it was diihcult for the sheepfarmers to get any shearers at all, and the price rose considerably— 30s. per hundred, several glasses of grog every day, and almost unlimited permission lor 'tomahawking' were common; but now that the excitement is over, aud business is conducted in a more steady manner, pretty strict rules are enforced. A shecpfarmcr's idea of a good shearer is one who will take every particle of wool from the sheep without cutting or injuring it in the operation; and from the number of men in the colony now generally ofloring, and in the almnce pf nii}: great a'ttractiqn at the diggings, they can be niore readily Drocured, and are more willing to keep to the regulations laid down. The number of men that are collected together at shearing time, and who require to be fed aud lodged, makes a considerable alteration in the ap pearance of the kitchen, and wMs tenfold to the arduous duties, of the conk, who finds his table, that has been seldom more than half-full, and at lambing time nearly deserted, now crowded on all sides, and probably replenished twice or thrice before all can be served. After supper, however, the kitchen loses most of its inmates, for the shearers have usually a range of sleeping apart ments to themselves, and most of them Iwing tire-! with their day's work— for the work is verj fatiguing t3 the back end hands and wrists par ticularly—are glad enough to retire 1p bed as quickly as possible, especially if they have beer 'tigering,' or trying all day to surpass someol their mates in the amount of their 'tally.' Tha internal arrangements of the shed, and the roles generally adopted, may be concisely stated as follows, ana they are necessarily, even if grum lilingly, agreed to by shearers; for there is nc gold-digging mania existing at present, aud tin great audition to the population makes it imnos sible for working men to dictate terms to tlieii employers, as was once the case. The threat of al leaving in a body, anil making it very difficult, il not impossible, for the sheepfarmer to get hu . sheep shorn at all, unless theirexorblteht demands were complied with, as I have known to be prac tised in 1851,' is now harmless. - £he following are the principal rules in a died which I visited some time a«o, and appeared to wqrfc well for all parties, and give Jnutual satis* faction: — ?- ;? ..???:? ..?,-. L The shed will he unlocked for work precisely at G in the. morning, and be closed at 6 in the evening. 2\. Breakfast will be at 8 aril dinner at 12, and one hour will be allowed for each, during which the shed will be locked. ; . ??;? 3\. Any sheep not shorn to the satisfaction of the overseer must be taken in hand again. 4\. Any shearer cutting a sheep by accident and ?who does not have tar applied to the wound by the boy, will not have that sheep placed to his tally 5\. Any shearer who injures a sheop by wilful nususage will lw discharged. 0\. When tally is called by the overseer at 8, 12, 3, and (i o clock, to count the sheep shorn by each man, no more sheep are to l-e taken from the catching-pen, but each man may finish the sheep he has in hand. 7\. On Saturday the shed will be closed at 4 o dock, unless for the purpose of finishing a flock which is nearly concluded, or in case bad weather has caused cessation from work in the Week 8\. The bell will be rung at 6, 8, 12, and 6 o'clock, buch, or somewhat similar, are the rules adopted in most well- regulated establishments, anil they are conducive to the interests Qf tho men them se'vfts as well as of the masters. There is a great deal of emulation going on amongst those who consider themselves 'dons' or crack hands at shearing, and a great deal of the 'tigering' spirit which induces each to endeavour to reach the highest tally; and if there were none of the above or similar rules established, and if ths shed were allowed to be open at all hours' of tlie day, sonie men would take the opportunity of 'shearing at peep of day, others would go without their break fast or dinner to get to work, and there would bs nn immense amount of quarrelling, besides the very gjeaj difficulty that the overseer would have in checking the amount of eac|i miin's work. Shearing usually commences about the middle of September, but it varies in some localities, and indeed many small sheepfarraers intentionally fix ths time earlier or later than their neighbours in order to avail themselves of the services of shearers who have shorn or will shear at another shed, thus saving the trouble arjd expeqse qf hiring them expressly, and sending pethaps to Adelaide for them. Shearers are vory willing thus to toko two or inoro shods, and two or more cheque*, It is generally anticipated that the greatest part of the wet weather will be over by the time I have mentioned, and that the sheep will be in a fit state for sliearim:; but it often happens that very wet wc.irlicr snf.4 in. pvpii ns l.ifp na ( Wnlmf n»rl causes very greut aalay and detention, muuh tc the annoyance of master and man. Theforinci has to provide board and lodging for 30 or 40 men, who are doing nothing for him and can do nothing; and they, of course, nre earning notljihjj. Thi« Ktop.nage of business dqi-s not in the least arise from any defeut m the woolshed, which is always a good substantial weather-pioof building, wt-ll roofed, and Impervious to wet; but U cnuwd by tlie exposure of tho ghuoji themselves, which are subject to ull the vicissitudes oi the weather, and of course have their fleeces entirely saturated by rain in wet weather, The shearers could not cut tho wool if thoroughly wet, anil if they d|d, U could hot be paqku't}; A Met shearing is always disagreeable! tho employer is dissatisfied and put to great expouse, but can do nothing but pass forcible compliments on the weather; and the men, with nothing to do, and all day to do it in, are card-playing, sleeping, yarn ing, quarrelling, blessing the weather, &c;, to the fearful djsiirrancement of thft unfortunate, gqok's good tonipcr. who has by this occurrence all the wen all day long in his Vitcheu, to his utter hin drance and diftgtut. If a constant succession of fine weather takes place, the shearing progresses rapidly, with a few slight disputes perhaps, if the overseer finds that the shearers are leaving too much wool on, or if the men think lie is too strict in bavins the sbceu I'shaVijil,'*! ' ?' ' ' The process may be shortly described as follows, and I will suppose that a sheepfarmer has 24,000 sheep, and that he has engaged Ki men to shear them, this is alxiut the usual proportion, and, with suitable weather, they will probably finish in six week'. Such a' number of sheep as the shearers aro supposed to be capable of shearing liefore dinner next day aro put into the shed in the eveuinu'— perhaps 30;) or 4i)0-and which arc driven into the 'sweating-pens,' as they are called, and there left all night, pretty closely packed together, that the 'yolk'' or grease may rise into the wool, thus making it easier to cut, imd adding to tlje weigh;,, In t!je niqrnin;.'. ivhvt, tlm shed is on'sneu*, the ''catching-pens' having lieen filled with ghncp from the 'sweating-pens,' with which gates com municatc, each shearer, as soon a* notice is given, catches his sheep, the sheep being do.se and handy to him, and sets to work. When he has finished shearing the sheep, he leaves the fleece on the floor where it has dropped, and from which it is iinmedi.itely picked lip and carried olf by boys ci:-phyed for the purpose, ami imme diately Ciiicins jinptlier sheep, r.nd thus gues on until thco.-erseer calls out 'Tally !'— a proof that it ii 8 o'clock. His position on tlie floor of the shed is a permanent one, from which he does not shift during the whole of xk2 shearing time, and is close to the end or side of the woolshed, where he ha? a box or case containing his spare shears, oil, and sfairpening-stoiiej, and close to him will be u small door communicating with a small pen outside the shed, through which he puts every sheep us he shears it, ami by which ?odd jiriAnje mspuiu as io tne iniinoer no nag miarn or now he has shorn them, in any unavoidable absence of the overseer, can arise. In the shed that I saw the lb' nicn had thus 10 doors and 10 little pens iu which each man put the sheep he shore in the day, ami I never witnessed any disputes ns to the tally. Indeed, the arransoiueut was so good that I naa requeued to make a'sketch of it and ground plan for othqr sheepfariners, and, by the consent of the proprietor, 1 did so. After tho tdwep is shorn, the Ueoce is carried by tlm Iwy to the wool- table, where it is neatly rolled up by a man, who takes it to the press, where two or three men are constantly engaged in placing them in bales, which are then sewed up and subjected to a screw, lever, or hydraulic press, as the case may be. and after being marked and numbered are carted away by the bullock drays employed to convey them to the shipping port. DRAWING THE CONFEDERATE FIRE.— Admiral Porter, the commander of the Federal Upper Mississippi squadron, describes a singular trick he recently played the Confederates. Writing to a friend in New York, he says:— ' During the time of the running the blockade by the Oueenol the West and the Indianohi, five of the guns in the forts at Vicksburg were burst and dismounted; therefore it was an object to make the enemy fire as much as possible. Finding that they could not he provoked to lire without an object, 1 thought pf getting up an mutation Mo nitor. Impsspn saved the country wjth an iron one— why could I not save it \yitl} iv wooden tine? An old coal barge, picked up in the river, was the foundation to build on. It was built of old boards in 12 hours, with pprk barrels on top of each other for smoke stacks, and two 'old cimocs for quartor hoars; her furnaces were built of mud, and only intended to make black smoke and not steam. W thout knowing tliat Brown was in peril, I let loose our ilonitor. When it was descried by the light of the moon never did the batteries of VMs;-urg open with such a din ; the earth fairly trembled, and the shot flew thick around the de voted Monitor. But she ran safely past all the batteries, though under fire for an hour, and drifted down to the lower mouth of the canal. She was a much better looking vessel than the Indiaiiola. When it was broad daylight they npnncd oil Tier again with all ' tho guns' ''they' could bring to hear without a shot hitting her to any harm, because they did not make her settle in the water though going in at one side and out at another. She was already full of water. The soldiers of our armv shouted and laughed like mad, but the laugh was somewhat stgainst them when they subse quently discovered the Queen of the West lying at the wharf at Warrenton. The question was asked, what had happened to the Indianola? Had the two rams sunk her or captured her in the engagement we heard the night lie: ore? The sounds of cannon bad recede*} dqwn tho river, which led Ua to bejiove that Brown was chasing the' Webb, and that the Queen had got up past aim. One or two soldiers got the Monitor out in the stream again, and let her go down on the ram Queen. All the forts commenced firing and sig nalling, and as the Monitor approached the Queen, she turned tail, and ran down river as fast -as she could go, the Monitor after her, making all the speed tlmp was, gjven her by a five-knot curront. The forts at Warrenton fired bravely and rapidly, but the Monitor did not' return the fire with her wooden gnns, but proceeded down after the Queen of the West. An hour after this the same heavy firing that we had heard the night before came booming up on the still air.' The Confederates captured the Indianola, but it is stated that they were so frightened hy the 'dummy Monitor,' thai they blew up thejr prize.' The Ca^tube of tub Petekhoff.— The agent for Lloyds at Mataraoras, who was on board the Peterhoif when she was captured by a Federal cruiser, gives the following account of the seizure:— 'The Peterhon', Captain S. Jarraan, left Falniouth for rft. Thomas and Matamoras on the evening of the 27th of January. On the 20th of February we were boarded by a boat from a small schooner under the Dutch Hag, which we took to be a pilot boat, but proved to he otherwise. Shortly after we observed a steamer approaching us, which, when she got near, hoisted the United States flag. The Peterholl' tj.id the Irtish ensign jfo-ing, and was proceeding in her course for the harlwur of St. Thomas. Close to the shore of St John's Island, the United States steamer fired a blank charge, and then a shotted gun. We. had no sails set at that time, but the engine was imme diately stoppt I. A boat from the United States steamer Iwanled m while in' Danish waters. The lxwrdiiig officer said he came from the United States steamer Alabama. He examined the PeterhofFs papers, and allowed her to proceed, declining to endorse his visit and examination, on the plea that he had no authority to do no. The Peterhofi' reniaiued in St. Thomas's harbour for the purpose of completing her supply of coal, till the 25th of February. During her stay Admiral Wilkes, of Trent notoriety, arrived in harbour with the United States steamer Washusetts aud OneHa, and declared publicly tha,t the Alabama eh.ou'4 havp made a prue of the Pcterhnff. In going cut of the harbour it was found that the engine was disabled, and the ship stood out under easy sail. Outside we saw the United States steamer Vanderbilt coming up under steam. She exchanged signals with the Admiral inside, and as we heard afterwards, was ordered to overhaul us. At % pm. a boat boarded us; the officer remained below about three-quarter* of an hour examining the ship's papers. He left for the Vand2rbilt, directing the Peterhofi' to be kept hove to till hi3 return, when he stated that tier papers were not quite satisfactory, and requested Captain Jarman to go . on board the Vauderbilt with the ship's papers, tic, saying that he was authorized to say that if Captain Jar man refused an armed boat's crew would be sent to take him by force. Captain Jarman said he held a uommissiou in the Royal Naval Geserve, and had in charge Her Majesty's mail for Mata moras; that he would not leave his ship, especially after the threat which had been held out, but they were welcome to come on board, examine the papers, and search the ship. The boat left, Ciipt. Jarman assuring the officer in charge that his papers were open to the inspection of any officer sent from the Vanderbilt. but that he would not allow them to be taken, nor would he leave his ship with them unless compelled by force to do so. At 1 p ra. we were boarded by two armed boats from the Vanderbilt, and Lieutenant Alexander, United. States Navy, took temporary charge of the .Peterhou' till. the Vanderbilt could communicate with St. Thomas. The Vanderbilt iiumedfritc'y Steamed back to St. Thomas. At five iniianes past 7, Lieutcnaut Alexander ordered Cantain Jarman, his mate, and all the passengers to go down; to. the cabin, ami to re main there. An armed sentry was placed on guard over us. At 9 p.m. ajain boarded bv a boat from the Vanderbilt. Officer came do'srn stairs into the cabin to deliver a message from Captain Baldwin, United States Navy, to Captain Jarman to give up his papers that they might be sent on board with them. Captain said that he would not give up his papers to any one but the British Consul, or to his order; that he would not give them up to be taken out of the ship, nor would he leave her himself unless compelled by force to do so; that they were all at his service to be examined on board the Peterhoft; and that Cap tainBaldwin might send him or any number of officers to make the examination. At 9.50 p.m. Ixxtt came again from the Vanderbilt ; oHicer with Captain Baldwin's compliments, and wishes to have the papers of the ship. Captain Jarman declined to let them go out of the vessel, when the officer took possession of the Peterhoff iu the name of the United States, and declared that Captain .Inrman was no longer in command, and that he and all the passengers were to remain confined to the cabin. Another orlieer was sent down to demand that all arms iu possession of Captain Jarman and passengers should be given up, threatening search in case of refusal. Accord ingly, several pistols and knives were given up and sent on board the Vanderbilt, About 11 p.m. Cap tain Joruun wrote Captain Baldwin that he con sidered the capture of the Peterhoff to be an illegal act, as her papers had been examined and passed by the Alabama a few days previously, and that, as he had Her Majesty's mails for Matamoras on board, he requested that, to avoid delay in their delivery, Captain Baldwin would deliver them to Her Majesty's Consul at St. Thomas, so that he might send them on. At ten ininutcs'patt midnight an officer boarded with a verbal message from Captifin Baldwin, who sent his compliment*, and that he did not feel authorized to take any put of the freight out ef the ship. Next ' morning the Vanderbilt left us, and tlie PeterholFmade sail for Key West in charge of the prize o.'tiwrs and crew. I have thus far narrated the voyage ni the Pek'r hofi; which vessel, loaded with gqods nqt'con.tra- band of war, and having had her papers examined and passed m London, Plymouth, and Falniouth. has been fired at and overhauled in Danish waters by the United States steamer Alabama, by which vassal her papers were passed. On leaving St. Thomas sho had the certificate of Acting-Consul Mr. Ball, and nevertheless, was overhauled just outside the port by the United States steamer Vanderbilt. I have learned from the prize captain that Captain Baldwin wjsliod tp let hpr. g-|, hut was compelled to take possession by express'orders ttQirt Admiral Wilkes/' Laying the Ghost. — Formerly all the warli} believed, ir, ghosts, and even now faith in tjicse ''bodiless creations' extends beyond ihe precincts of the nursery. From time to time tlie public mind has been excited by rumours of the anpearanee of these mysterious'visitants during the hours of darkness in a blood-stained mansion, in a yawning churchyard, oron a ' blasted hftuh.' Anil occasionally they have obtruded their sup posed 'incorporoal egsenco' upon the inhabitants Qf pomiiQus villages luul (owns. The famous Cock wno ghost was a notorious example of such imper tinence. It has, however, been clearly proved that all these creations were neither ' bodiless' nor 'incorporeal,' and that they were nothing more than mischievous flesh and blood realitie.-;. But what shall we say of tha {dwst which now regularly presents himself liefore largo and bewildei«.d audiences in IJegont-street, London, h.y day as well as by night? Was there ever ghost like this? You are, daulttless, aware that he has recently been purchased in prupriil permnu, or in duplicate, by a distinguished theatrical manager. Ac h an admirable specimen of an unmistakable, most truly unsubstantial ghost. You inav ap parently walk through him, yet without i'« the least disturbing liisroiuposur^.' What is he; ljat Us sep. Ho 13 nothing more then the reflected linage of a brightly- illuminated object, living or dead, from the surface of a Hat piece of glass. The lights are lowered, and the spectators aro in comparative darknessi, The curtaJR, is drawn, and disiiosiri a dimly illuminated chamber called n stiujy, and there yen behold the (.tudent, a living man, walking to and fro. This person is actually behind a large sheet of plate-glass, not larger indeed than is to be seen in many a shop window. The oiiject to lie ghostih'ed is concealed in front of the glass, and is brilliantly illumm;\tu»\ by the well- known lime light. In accordance with the tow of optics, the inwga cf 'the object is re flected froi;i the gliiss to the spectator.*, so as w setimtothemasfarbehindrheglasias it is in reality in front of it ; and they, owing to the obscurity of the chamber, are unable to detect the source of the illusion. The arrangement i;s ingenious, and do«s credit to the institution where the exhibition takes phiee. I have heard philosophers of high distinction attempt to explain the illusion, by the use of the concave iniiror, ami the reflection tlicic from of an image, upou rjoating dust or vapour in the ;tir. As this ghost is a great favourite with the public, you may probably not ohjoel to insert this history in ynuroqhunns. But, Sir, let me add, our L'host, it U reported, is protected by a patent. Fancy a patent ghost. What iivxl :-C(/riYSfoivlciit of tic Timci. TRUTH IS STRANGER THAN FICTION. — It was one of those truths that seem str.m^-r tir-.n fiction, that the latu Mrs. (Joie should write a novel-' J'hc B.anlifi's Daughter'- in which :i l&idni;! diameter is a hypocritical, fraudulent banker, who is represented as acting in a precisely similar way to that pursued by .-Sir John Deaii Paul, and that she should dedicate this novel L- the very man himself, pointing out, in a gracefully written dedication, thai he was the vtry opposite to the rascally banker in, the Hctioh. This is sulli citiitly fctfaitge. It were 'well if the fact had no further connection with the fiction; but, unfortu nately Mrs. Core placed such implicit confidence in Sir John Dean Paul that she entrusted her for tune to his keeping. It is needless to mate that it shared the .same fate v.kh the other mniiuys in his charge, and the latter years of this hard-working and talented lady were embittered by the depriva- tion both of sight and fortune.— English Paper. The Four Seasons.— " Come here and tell me what the four seasons are." Young Pro- digy answers— "Pepper, mustard, salt, and vinegar, and them's what mother always seasons with." 