NEWSPAPER REVRLATIONS. A metropolitan contemporary made a remark able discovery the other day- viz., that the Ovens Constitution, published at Bccchworth, and the Federal Standard, published at Chiltern, were duplicates the one of the other, the only essential difference being in the title printed at the top ot the first page of the snid newspapers. The Age was astonished to find two up-country journals alike-column for column-paragraph for para graph-wdnl for word. The thing may be a novelty in Colonial journalism, but it is by no means a novelty in England. There arc offices in London in which the inner pages of hosts of provincial journals are edited and printed. The "form," once prepared, is laid on the machine, and the only change which takes place in order to adapt the same matter for readers in various localities is to change the head line,-the same general news is thus supplied from the London " newspaper manufactory" (if we may use the expression) to the Croi/doi Chronicle or the Bridgend Clironiclc. The local news is printed on the outside sheet. Another plan is also in vogue in London, by which country newspapers are- supplied with co lumns of stereotyped news. We know of one instance in which a cheap daily paper published in London supplies an equally cbcap daily paper published in the provinces (in which it is inter ested) with " casts" of the proceedings in the Law Courts, Parliament, &c.; these casts are sent down by the night.train, and. appear Bide by side with the local news in the next morning?s paper! the original type from which the " casts" are taken being, of course, used by the .London paper. The modus operandi of getting up ready-made newspapers is so simple, and yet so glaring, that we will give our readers an outline of the way in which it is done:-. ' First, then, catch some intelligent literary scissors-and-paste '' hack, let him have the full run of the majority of journals printed through"'- ' out the country to poach over; let him extract the essence from the various articles, appearing in them, and send his condensed version at once to the composing department: here it is "set up" in columns of a ccrtain length, sent to the ad joining foundry, where the'type is cast to a uni form height in one piece. The next step is to consult the order book!,'* from which it appears that the Br'tish Tlhyulerer wants so mnny columns of a certain numbcr'of inches in longth (of course as many casts can be taken of the type as the order book demands).-Are the British Blun derer's columns^longer or shorter than the casts made ? convenient paragraphs are either joined on or cut off "by the aid of a few simple tools," and the whole is despatched by train to the office of the Blunderer, where the outer pages of the local news are already in type. The columns are then arranged for the press side by side, " worked off " at the machine to the extent re quired, and the immediate neighborhood, in happy ignorance, stands aghast at the wondrous amount of industry the man arid boy employed "on the premises" (back parlor or glass roof thrown over a yard) must have exercised to be able to produce in three or four days such an amount of London news. That this is the way of getting up a large number of country papers may be proved by anyone who is curious or sceptical on the subject turning the title side of many of the English papers inwards, com paring the inner side with the outer, and thus seeing that there is nothing in common as regards: size of type, style of article, heading, or, if he will measure ver)' accurately, width of columns; this latter difference being accounted for by^ the fact, that although originally cast to the width of the paper,- the stereotype plate shrinks:...on cooling. The coincidence of editorial (?) taste will rather astonish the uninitiated. The farce is carried still further, for one firm'in London who sell ready'made columns of newspapers, actually advertise' "Leading article's supplied on the prin cipal topics of the day," as ..well.as columns con veniently "free from /joWi'ca^ bias." ? . /The temptation to this sort of literary delin quency is, of.course, great. . Take, for instance, a country paper, consisting of eight pages, the size of the 2¥»w*.- six columns in a' page; Three pages are more than sufficient for advertisements, local meetings,-charities, markets, dinners,' scan dal, and records of Br6bdjghagian _ gooseberries. There remain five pages'to be provided for. To find the material (type) to set them up, and machinery to work them .off, a large capital must be sunk; an editor muBt be provided, and all the general expenses of a large office borne, whereas, by patronising the ingenious London "newspaper manufacturer," all.this is saved;'the inner sheets being supplied at a very moderate sum ; per 100; and the casts being supplied as so much a pound,-being metal, lead (!) ? ' , , : These revelations are somewhat curious, but we youch.for their authenticity;, it is thus that the growing taste ibr newspaper literature vis met in England ;. the plan has proved commercially suc cessful,; whatever may be the objections to it ; on other grounds. . It ; thus appears that the pro prietors of the Ovens Constitution and the Federal Standard,(supposing the statement made by the Age to be correct), are merely following English models in producing duplicate papers.-M. A. Mail.' ' .' Mk.:Don AT HOME.-In the Assembly, Thursday evening, after the discussion on the first clause, of the Passengers Bill had been pretty well exhausted, Mr. Smyth, who had. evidently been making himself busy in committing ? to paper a few stray remarks of several members of the Op position, rose to analyse them in their turn. First, he stated that the Opposition had slandered the country, without just cause, and then, when the House declaimed against the slanderous remarks, he withdrew them. :He then proceeded.with his task, by the aid of an occasional glimpse at a small piece of foolscap, which might be presumed to contain the efforts of his reporting ability, in spite of his statements receiving a flat denial on more than one occasion, until lie at length touched upon a statement of the lion, member-for Collingwaod (Mr. Don), which, though he had reported with painful precision, he had yet applied to it a mean ing nearly the opposite to that which was in tended. Mr Don, who was wide awake at the time, rose in indignation to contradict the misre; presentation of his eloqiienfce, when' he was as sailed with cries of b order," and, in spite of re peated tugs at the tails of. his cont, in order to I bring him to a scat, he maintained his legs 'until he was ruled down , by Mr. Lalor. Mr. Smyth then completed his unlucky: analysis in haste,' [evidently glad to get rid of a job in which his efforts were questioned at nearly every step, and Mr. Don then rose to explain. ? He did so, as midit he presumed, and a great'deal more, for he in his turn analysed the hon. member Mr. Smyth to perfection, keeping the House in mirth during his recital. He alluded to that gentleman as a miserable country lawyer, than whom a wiser man could be fourid in the United States stuffed with cotton, and concluded by advising him, in order to display a little more sense with regard to the real effects oi' immicration, to study several of the noted authors on the . subject, and he would then have less blubber on his carcase, and more brains in his skull.-Age. 1 THIS MOA ONCE Mork.-Some time since we mentioned the report that a gigantic bird, sup posed to be the moa, had been seen by some men out prospecting to the north of the Arrow River, in New Zealand, and that they had on the follow ing morning found the prints of a bird's feet, with toes a foot Jong. It would aeera that a bird of the same kind exists iu the Nelson Province. The Nelson Examiner, of 12th February, says:-" A party of men, who have lately been out on an exploring trip over the Mount Arthur Range, from Wangapeka, report having seen the foot prints of a large bird corresponding to the de scription of that seen by Mr. Brunncr, about two years ago, on tho Takan* Range, and which, from their gfetit aisle, ate supposed to bs the footprints of a moa."-Agti GAROTTING IN MELBOURNE.-As a gentleman named llodson was crossing Carlton Gardens, and just passing the ccntral portion of it on Thursday night last, about twelve p.m., ho was garotted by several ruffians, who took from him his purse, containing two ten pound notes, several five pound notes, and £5 IDs. in gold and silver. The opera tion was performed in the most approved Loudon style, and beyond disarranging his clothes and casing him of his money, did him but little per sonal injury. As the lamp usually lighted at the spot was extinguished, it is presumed that it was turned out a little previously, in order to facilitate the business in hand. The offenders have not yet been arrested.-Argus. RISTROGRKSSIVB LEGISLATION.-It seems the Electoral Act Amendment Bill is not the only attack upon our system of representative govern ment contemplated by the despotism by which this colony is now governed. Presuming that the Argus speaks by authority, and there are strong reasons tor supposing it docs, tho Ministry intrnd to bring in a bill for a reduction in the numbers of the Legislative Assembly, at no distant period. Satisfied that their hope of success at the next general election is much diminished by the retro grade policy they have pursued since they took office, the Ministry c-m see only one chance left them for again securing a majority, and that chance will no dojjbt be resorted to before the present House expires by effluxion of time. By reducing the number of members, and so re arranging the electoral districts, as will still keep intact the pocket boroughs, or at leaststill leave those of " correct opinions" in a majority, tlic Ministry may secure a triumph, but it will be *t the cost of common decency and political re spectability. The country may well stand aghast stall this ; but it is nevertheless what may fairly be expected to happen before our present trien nial Parliament ceases to exist. The O'Slianassy Administration is not likely to give up the ghost without making an effort, unworthy or otherwise, according to circumstances, to retain its position. Its members are too well schooled in the arts of political fraud to lose an opportunity. To tliem the opinion of the bulk of the community is a matter of small concern, so long as they can find a majority in the House that will support them in whatever they undertake. They have that majority now, and they will mest probably make the most of it before a general election can inter fere with their purpose.-;-TaJiot Leader. THE PORT PHILLIP FARMERS' SHOW.- Speaking of the Bendigo exhibits at tbis show, the Herald says:- "The Bendigo Agricultural Society im measurably outstripped all competitors (in grapes) and their display of the produce of the vine was really magnificent. The grapes consisted princi pally of the varieties muscatel, black prince, and black Hambro'. Amongst the extra stock was exhibited a very superior sample of raw silk, by Mr. H. Cordell, of Geelong, for which the judges awarded a first-class silver medal. A first-class medal was awarded to Mr. J. N. Jones, of tho Adelaide Brewery, Sandhurst, for a hogshead of colonial ale. This beer was strongly commcndcd, and it was stated will bear comparison with the production of any metropolitan brewery. Mr. Thos. Aitken, of the Victoria Brewery, Colling- wood, exhibited a quarter cask of pale brandy, and a case each of whiskey and gin, all of which were manufactured at his distillery. The spirits were pronounced by the judges to be very superior, and a'first-class silver medal swas awarded for each exhibit. The Bendigo Agricultural Society obtained a silver medal for a sample of pears, grown at Sandhurst. This society also exhibited; some cotton pods and plants, cultivated in their gardens, and we understand their gardener has been remarkably successful in bringing to perfec- ? tion this useful and valuable plant. " . WHUOO MINING INTELLIGENCE.-Three tons of quartz from the antimony'vein in Francis, .Tones' and Co's claim, on the Albert Reef, has yielded 36 ounces 10 dwts. of very pure gold, which sold for £3 18s. 9d. per ounce.. .The above lot was got in a little over three weeks, by two men ou tri bute of 18s. in the pound after expenses were paid, from a vein about twelve inches thick, at a depth of eighteen feet. The main vein in this and the adjoining claim has been worked to the depth of about 250 feet, and yielded very rich quartz, and is stopped through water. The last crushing from the bottom yielded about five ounces to the ton, taking the whole width of the cutting.-Correspondent MlIuor Neius. ? THE APPEALS -If Mr. Duffy is being kept posted in the result of the appeals against the assessment of runs, he will have about come to the conclusion that it is high time the Government considered the question of raising the funds ne cessary to defray the expensfis of the 700 arbitra tion cases which have resulted from the reckless and absurd assessment laid on by the Board of Land and Works. The appeals in this district are proceeding rapidly, and promise to be all completed by the specified time. I he reduction averages quite fifty per cent., and as yet we have only heard of one case in which the reduction was not sufficient to saddle the costs on the Go vernment. The amount of costs is, we understand L30 in almost every case. The act fixes that amount as the extreme which the arbitrators can charge, and we believe in most instances, if not all, the costs have been put ^ down at that sum. Thus, an amount of something like £20,000 will have to be forthcoming, and Mr. Treasurer will have to answer the rather important question, where is the money to come from. The depart ment which issued this assessment, and which has entailed this expense on the country, cannot be too severely blamed. As we pointed out some time back, leveral of theassessments wereabsolutc.y ridiculous. Stations were put down as capable of carrying twice as many sheep as were ever known to have been feeding on them at any one, time, and as the result of the appeals shows, this ex treme state of things has been rather the rule than the exception.-Hamilton Spectator. NORTHWARD Ho!-The Clunes correspondent of the Creswick Advertiser thus speaks of the ad venturous departure which will shortly be made to the Gulf of Carpentaria:-I am informed (says the Advertiser) that a party is being organized at the instance of Mr. Donald Campbell, of the Glen gower Station, for the purpose of taking up some of the well grassed, and watered country in the neighborhood of the Flinders River, Gulf of Carpentaria. The party -which is under the management of the Messrs. M'Intyre, formerly residents on Bendigo and Bullock Creek, will take out between 40 and 50 horses, and 10,000 sheep, and will be provided with two years sup plies of stores. Mr. Southee, of Carisbrook, ac companies these pioneers of the far North, and takes with him over 40 horse and 1,000 sheep, and wiil carry provision for the same period. J. lie expedition will number altogether 17 persons, who will be equipped and ready for any emergency in case of being attacked by hostile natives. The fruits of the discoveries of Burke and Wills, Landsborough, and other explorers are thus taken advantage of by enterprising and persevering per sons in this district, and there are none but will wish them God speed in their arduous and possi bly hazardous undertaking. EPISCOPAL MODESTY.-The friends of denom inationalism are very activc in the effort to pro mote tlieir views, and the Brisbane Courier my steriously hints at information as to their moye inents calculated to snrprise the world. Without diving into the world of mysteries, we learn from a public statement at a meeting of the op ponents of the national system, that Dr. Quinn, the Roman Catholic Bishop ot Brisbane, had drawn up a petition for presentation to larha ment, praying for a separate grant of the public money for the purposes of education in conncction with the Romish Church, the said grant to be under Dr. Quinn's own absolute control, to be expended as he should deem mce^t! 1 lie Anglican Bishop, the speaker on the occasion, was in r. tri fling degree more modest in his demands, for he was°only prepared to ask for some assistance from the publio funds for the Church of Kngland nchoola, and that, obtaining ^ the schools should not t)« ttndw Government centra J.-/#*! 