HEADS OF INTELLIGENCE. [From the South Australian Advertiser, October 27.] The August mail arrived in Adelaide Oct. 8. Parliament is likely to be prorogued in a few days. The Ministry are in financial difficulties owing to their having determined to adjust die accounts by providing for 18 months' interest of die bonded debt within the current financial year. To meet diis they_ have proposed several borrow ing schemes which die Legislature have rejected. They have now introduced a Bill to borrow £35,000, in the colony, for one year. The Agent-General has written to say that the Corporation Town Hall bonds would not sell in London. The Corporation have, how ever, sold to die fall amount in Adelaide, and could have sold more. The Assembly have passed a Bill authorising die payment of not over £6,800 per annum as a subsidy for regular troops in this colony. The detachment of tne 40th, hitherto stationed in Adelaide, has gone to New Zealand. Mr. Hargreaves, the Australian gold dis coverer, has been engaged by die Government to make a gold prospecting tour in this province. He arrived from Sydney on the 24th. A Bill is before Parliament regulating die sale of land in the new Northern territory. The first 6ale will be at ss. per acre, upset—half the land to be offered in London and half in Adelaide on die same day. Subsequent sales at 12s. per acre. New pastoral regulations, of a very liberal character, have also been framed for die same district. The surprise and indignation occasioned by the proposal to send more convicts to Western Australia continue unabated. It is to be hoped die contemplated arrangement will not be carried out. An Imperial Statute has been received nmjring our Constitution and Electoral Acts valid. A similar measure is required for all our Acts, as the Supreme Court is divided on the meaning of die word "repugnancy,"and all statutes re pugnant to die laws of England are ipso facto void. A BQI for abolishing the law of primogeniture has passed die Legislative Council, and is now before die Assembly. The House of Assembly have refused to en tertain die motion of Mr. N. Blyth in reference to the Moonta Mine dispute. The question of rightful proprietorship will have to be tried before die Supreme Court, and will doubtless be thence referred to die Privy Council. All the leading members of die bar are engaged, and Mr. Michie, of Melbourne, has applied to be admitted as a practitioner in die Supreme Court of Adelaide, to enable him to appear in die case on behalf of die new claimants. The Government have given die New South Wales authorities six months' notice of their in tention to cease collecting duties for that colony on Murray borne goods. The Port Adelaide Waterworks Extension Loan Bill (£36,000) has passed both Houses. Mr. F. Wright, die Manager of die National Bank in Adelaide, goes to London, to take charge of die agency there. Mr. Young, from Melbourne, succeeds Mr. Wright. A very old colonist, Capt. Lipson, has de ceased. Great improvements are being made in die city of Adelaide, excellent buildings being lately erected or in course of erection. The Corpora tion are taking steps to form dams in die Torrens, with a view to improve its banks. A monster meeting at Port Elliot ha 3 been held with a view to compel the Government to carry the Victor Harbor Works to Granite Island. Secession is threatened if the demand be not complied with. The " ghost" illusion has been introduced at the Adelaide Theatre. Miss Joey Gougenheim has had a very successful season. The Moonta and Burru Companies have both held their half- yearly meetings, and presented satisfactory reports. The reports of outrages by aborigines in the Far North are de&ared; by Major Warburton to be altogether unfounded. The Major and police have just returned. There is quite a competition for the trunk line to the Murray, half a dozen different dis tricts being each positive that its own route is the best. The Surveyor- General has reported on the merits of all, but does not pronounce in favor of either. The Milang Company having challenged the best English Company—(accepted by the Nottingham Robin Hoods) —have fired their match. Distances 200,300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, and 900 yards, seven rounds at each dis tance, ten men firing. Aggregate marks (Wim bledon scoring) 1,149. During the nine months ended September 30th last, 51,229 tons of wheat and flour were exported. Total value of all cereals exported in same period, £623,879. The tonnage of wheat and flour in the nine months is slightly more than in the whole of 1862. Wheat has declined, owing to arrivals from California and Sydney. Price at Port Adelaide, sb. 3d. per bushel of 60 lbs. Best flour, £12 to £13 per ton of 2,000 lbs. Copper, £92 per ton. Moonta Shares, ex div. £101; Burra shares, £90; National Bank, cum div., £5 ss. Exchange. —Banks buy bins on London (60 days) at 1 per cent, discount, and sell at 1 pre mium. Insolvencies. —The two principal cases are those of Mr. Carruthers, wine merchant, and Mr. A. H. Gouge, contractor. Shipping. —We note the following ar rivals (Hid departures, exclusive of inter colonials—From : London —Clanalpine, John j Norman, Joan Conllo; from King George's Sound—City of Melbourne; from Mau ritius—Lord Nelson, Clara Sayers; from Hamburg—Stein warder; from Gothenburg— Kron Prinsen; from Foochoofoo—Alert. De partures. Starbeam, for Callao; Omar Pasha, for Calcutta; Starlight, for Calcutta; Asshur and Gtistaf Adolf, for London. The projected ; departures are —Sea Star, * Coonatto, Murray, i Clanalpine, Adamant, Orient, Countess of Fife, |and Precursor. 