WIIAT IS LAW MAKING ? To the Editor of the Geclona Adre.rthn\ Sir,—It may reasonably be supposed that a people in possession of representative government, and possessing, also, a free press, have the two most valuable bulwarks behind which they can either repel the invading foe or crush the machinations of political renegades, who, for selfish ends wish to break through these precious safeguards. We have the misfortune to be threatened with an attempt to wrest both these privileges from us, and that, too, under the insiduous but fatal cuise of friendship. There is no doubt the gagging of the press either did not afford the opportunity for the asual Jesuitical talents of its author, or else ho ap proacbed it under a foreboding that ho was walking on slippery ground, and if he coaid not steal a march on the intelligence of the country the attempt would consign him and piebald reputation to merited ob livion. In tbe matter of lav,* making, it behoves every man, and none more than our representatives them selves, to bear in mind the dangerous innovations now so frequently employed cither to construe the avowed intentions of the legislature, in direct oppo sition to their spirit and meaning, or else adroitly introduce some superfluous clauses whereby the the meaning is rendered dubious, and thu9 mutiy useful measures are rendered useless, and become, as in the instance of the Land Bill, a grievous and un warrantable blow to the prospects and just rights of the community. Another measure, deservedly popu lar, under the name of Torrens' Act, offered a remedy against an evil of gigantic magnitude; and, considering the comparative infancy of the country, may well create both astonishment and anger, aud tend very materially to increase the depre ciation of property by which so many have been ruined. This also was read in a sense different from the intentions of the legislature and the wishes of nine-tenths af the community, and we are only now arid then reminded of such a boon by the intimation, that so and so are appointed to assist such and such under the Heal Property Act to do nothing. We hope their consciences will remain quiescent under their monopoly, and not stir them up todo something in the way of patching, which looks as bad in a new garment as the Uon.the Commissioner of Lands can inform them he can make three or four hundred new clauses easier than mend one; and lie can also tell them the reason—the sanctimonious face and bold assertion will please a gullable public during the making of the thing, hut when the working belies all expectations, public attention is directed to it, so that the whole jugglery becomes exposed. Another measure, the Common Schools Act, recom mended itself to most men as an honest attempt to reconcile sectarian differences, and lo make the annual vote fulfil as far as possible its high and im portant functions without reference to sect or creed, instead of being a scramble by two an'agouistic bodies, the proportion of the vote instead of the efficiency of the system being the object. Even this laudable measure had to undergo the rectifying pro cess, and new and startling theories introduced, whose " results" are anything but favorable to tbe harmonius and useful working of the measure. Another measure loug withheld as being " against the interests of commerce," the Distillation Act was carefully shrouded by hundreds of clauses, each more stringent than its fellow, not counting those that are mere technical verbiage, its first year's operation shows a consider able decline on the very diminutive efforts hitherto attempted. The failure of the legitimate is as usual followed by tbe illegitimate prosperity, as the yery trifling efforts of those employed to suppress it are seldom disappointed, I have endeavored, Mr Editor, in this short sum mary to avoid exaggeration. A very superficial in quiry will prove that much of our legislation goes for nothing, and it maybe truly ndded—for worse than nothing. The long and wearisome labors of our representatives are robbed of their vitality and value, so that their ghost only remains; aud those amongst them who are not yet " blown into position" must feel deeply humiliated, and cannot fail to im bibe with the generelfcommuiiity, feelings of disgust and apprehension that our boasted privileges are failing to meet the wants and wishes of the country: and as anything like confidence is totally lost to the present parliament, and if not prematurely " blown out," the consolation remains that they must shortly give place to their successors, who, it is to be hoped, nay, it must he made suro by the electors, that their representatives have some idea of their functions, and that the laws they make seall not read one way in the statute book and another on the bench. Surely the English language is not so barren that the exact intention and meaning cannot be expressed without being liable to different meanings. The tautology and repetitions of lawyers cannot be in dulged, when put in comparison with the lives, for tunes, and prosperity of a whole people. A criticism on the batch of acts now before the House would be premature as it is not what thev are. but what thev 