A PLEA FOR DEMOCRACY".1 THE Polwarth election, and all the revelations thereanent are full of comfort and consolation to the opponents of the new Electoral Act. The secre»y of the ballot has been deliberately, or stupidly-ire prefer, and with reason, to think deliberately, infringed. The Returning Officer and at least two friends were absolute partisans of the candidate who opposed the Minister of Justice. Not contented with letting all their little world know that Mr. Micliie was to be beaten at all : hazards, they, in the coolest possible manner, magistrates all, be it understood, ! and highly respectable, broke the law. The action taken by these gentlemen would if they had been arraigned before a jury hare to a certainty condemned them to penal servitude. The abjcct apology tendered by the Returning Officer, after Mr. Micliie, with a refinement of cruelty all his own, proposed - the customary vote of thanks, adding that he hoped "it would be a warning to him," .would be ludicrous, did it not show the low tone of moral feeling existing in the benighted district" which is honored by having Mr. Micliie for a representative. Not a syllable of excuse was even attempted either by Mr. Armytage, the candidate, who, according to the returns, polled only four votes fewer than the Minister of Justice, and still less did his colleagues, and they might justly be termed partners in a conspiracy to defraud the country of an able man -venture to defend their con duct. They all threw themselves upon the mercy of the court. The member for Polwarth being the Minister of Justice, we shall be a little curious to know what action he will take. Only in Polwarth, we believe, would such im pudence have been perpetrated. Perhaps in Gipps Land, which, or a portion of which, re turned Dr. Mackay, a similar immunity from moral obligations might be enjoyed by the electors and their drovers. ? A century has not elapsed since the colony was congratulated by the A rgus upon having almost got rid of political scavengers, and upon the probability ot being in future represented by men of respectability and standing. It was generally believed that Mr. Armytage was one of these, and that whatever might betide, he would honestly contest his election. Now we find the Argus taking great liberties with Mr. Armytage, and still'greater with his-absolutely his- returning officer. Democracy has been persistently written down by our Collins-street contemporary. Had the Returning Officer of Polwarth and South Grenville ever appeared on a public platform advocating liberal principles, had hi3 two fidi Achates but onco mounted a pillar in the Eastern Market, er any other stronghold of stumpdom, what a tearing they would have had. Alas ! for the A rgus, Messrs. Armytage, Murray, and Company (not exclud ing the gentleman who drove his human cattle to the poll, and forbade them to vote until the three "bolters" had been rounded tip), are not stump orators, nor indeed able to string half a dozen sentences together. What does the Argus think of its quondam friends-the salt of the colonial earth, who, but a while ago were the be all and end all of Victorian prosperity ? With awful severity descends the A rgus lash upon Mr. Michie's last opponent and his coadjutors. No mercy is displayed, nor do the culprits deserve any. It will,' we trust, not be dropped out of the Argus chronology, that on the 31st of July, 1863, an article appeared in that journal animadverting in the strongest terms upon the election conduct of gentlemen, who a few months before were sans pew ct sans reproclte, the . Bayards c>f colonial chivalry, who, sooner than lend themselves to a dirty trick, would lend £100 to a stump orator to assist, him in securing a seat in a squatting district. j The Minister of Justice having, been declared 'member for Polwarth by the unfavorable re turning officer,--by the bye did he promise : never to do so any more, or to go and . sin no . more,-the scandal of a scrutiny is avoided. The Argus has said its say, been virtuous, and denunciatory ; the returning officer has apolo gised, the Geclong Advertiser made things as pleasant as possible between the lately con tending parties ; Punch expresses himself satis fied. What possible excuse is there for us to Pepperise a ghost so well laid ? THE VOLUNTEERS.-Before Colonel Anderson's departure from Sandhurst yesterday, wc under stand that member Blackham passed his examin ation as Sergeant, he having lately been elected to that position by the Corps. THEATRICAL.-We see by the Castlemaine papers that the visit of our Lyceum Company to the Castlemaine theatre,, on Thursday night when the Lyceum was occupied by the Sandhurst amateurs-was patronised by a very full house. The pieces performed we're the comedy of "Court and Stage", and'the farce of "Perfection," Miss Gougenbeim and Miss Kate Warde appear to have acquitted themselves to the complete satis faction of the audience, who at the conclusion of pieces're-called them before the curtain. . A NEW ENTERTAINMENT.-An entertainment of a somewhat novel character' in Sandhurst is an nounced to commence to-day. We allude to the exhibition of the Swiss bearded lady' and her sen, the bearded boy, who, with the aid of the Swiss Warbler (J. Ghio), combine to amuse the public erery afternoon and evening during the week, at the exhibition, next door to the London Hat Mart, Pall Mall. 