VEJEtY HARD CASH.' BY THE AUJHOB OF ' IT IS NEVEB TOO LATE TO, ?? ? ? :. ? ? MEND.' ? ? . ? ? ' '??'?' : ? . 'Dec. 22nd. A miserable day: low spirited and hysterical.. We are really going away. Edward has tfeg'tui to: nialt'c jfapking cases: I stood over Mm and sighed, and asked bini question's' : h'e: said he. was going to take unfurnished rooms in London, send up1 what furniture is absolutely necessary, and sell the rest by auction, with the lease of our dear, dear house, where we were all so happy once. So, what; with 'his know ledge of the markets, and the world,' and Ms sense, and his strong will, we have only to submit. And then he is so. kind, too ; ' don't' cry, little girl, he said. ' Not but what I could turn on. the waters myself if there was anything to be gained by it. SJuxll I cry,' Ju,' said he, { or sliaif 1 wHistle ? I think I'll whistle.1 And he whistled a tune right through while' he trprlred with a heart as sick as my own perhaps. Poor Edwai'd 1' 'Dec. 23rd. My Christian friend has her griefs too. But then she puts them to profit : she says to-day, ' We . a'reb'oth tasting the same flesh-crucifying but soul profltiri'g experience.' Her every word is a rebuke to me: torn at this solemn* season of the year with earthly passions. Went down after reaffing-he^. letter, and played and sang the Gloria in excelsis of Pergblesi, with all my soul. And on repeating it, burst out cry ing in the middle. Oh shame ! shame !' ' Dec. 24th, Edward started from London at five in the morning to take a place for us. The servants were next told, and received warning ; the one we had the jtoprpstjOpinion of, she is such a flirt, cried, and begged mamma to lstlieT.ffb.are^our 'fallen fortunes, and said she could cook a little, aizct v?cftM dp her best. I Mssed her violently, and quite forgot I was a yo't&g; lady .till she herself reminded me; and she looked frightened1 Hi mamma. But mamma only smiled through her tears, and said, ' Think of it quietly, Sarah, before you com mit yourself.' ' : .? . ' I am now sitting in my own room, cold as a stone ; for I have packed up some things ; so the first step is actually taken. Oh, if I but knew that he was happy I The^i I could endure anything. But howj can I think fto ? V^ellj I will go,, and never tell a soul what I suspect. And lie cannot Ml* evert if he.^rnows : for it is his father. Jane, too, avoids all mention of h'd1 own father and brother more than is natural. Oh, if I c'oul$ only be a child again! ,. . Regrets are vain ; I will cease even to record them ; these diaries feed one's selfishness, and the unfortunate passion that will make me a bad daughter and an un grateful soldier of Him who was bom as to-morrow : to your knees, false Christian! to your knees ! I am calmer now ; and feel resigned to the will of Heaven ; or benumbed ; or something. I will pack this box and then go down and comfort my mother ; and visit my poor people, perhaps for the last time :' ah me! .. A knock at the1 street door J His knock ! I know every ecHo of his; Hand, tod . his foot; Where is my composure now ? I flutter like' a1 bird. , I will not go down . He will think I love him so; At le'as'f I will wait till he has nearly gone. Elizabeth has come to say I am wanted in the drawing-room. So' I must go down whether I like or no. Bedtime. Oh that I had the pen of a writer to record the scene I have witnessed worthily. When I came in, I found mamma and him both seated, in dead silence. He rose and looked at me and I at him : and years seemed to have rolled over his face since last I saw it :.I was obliged turn my head aws-.y ; I curtseyed td him distantly; and may Heaven forgive m'e for that :' and We, sat doWrij arid presently turned round arid all looked at one another like the'- ghosts' of the happy creatures we once were all toge ther:., . , .,, ,,..,.,/;.. ''Then Alfred began; not in his old infgera'tive voice, but scarce abdve a wHisjIer' ; arid 6)i th'e ytQtds sticli aS none but himself in the wide world Wdriltt Have1 sp'o'lre'ri — I love him better than ever ; I pity him ; I adore1 him ; he is a scholar ; he is a chevalier ; he is the soul of honor ; he is the most unfortunate and , proudest gentleman oeneatn me sun; on, my aariing ! my darling ! ! He said, ' Mrs Dodd, and you Miss Dodd, whoin I loved before I lost the right to ask you to be mine, and whom I shall love to the. last hour of my miserable existence, I am come to explain my own conduct to you, and to do you au act of simple justice, too long delayed. To begin with myself, you must know that my understanding is of the Academic School ; I incline to weigh proofs before I make up my nlirid. But then I differ from that school in thlSj that I caririot tliink niyself to an e'teriial standstill ; (such In expressbrl. 1 but fVM doe's that iriatter; it wits Jtis ;) I, am a man of actidri : in Hariile't's' place I sHould have either turned my ghost into rididdlci, df rdf tin'cle' ?.into' a ghost ; so I kept away from you while in doubt : tfittj now I doubt no longer, I take my line ; ladies, you have been swindled out of a large sum of money,' My blood ran cold at these words. Surely notliing on earth but a man could say this right out like that. Mamma and I looked at one another ; and what did I see in her face, for the first time ? Why that she had her suspicions too, and had been keeping them from me. Pitying angel ! He went on : ' Captain Dodd brought home Sevo'rdl thousand pounds ?' Mamma said ' Yes.' And I think she was' going to' say1 how nJucli, but he stopped her and made her wi'itd th'e' am'drfrit.to dri en velope, while he took another and Wi'Oto' ii' i'£ witty his pencil: he took both envelopes to me, and Jiako'cl me to read them out in turn.: I did ; and mamma's said fourteen thousand pounds : and his said fourteen thousand pounds. Mamma looked such a look at me. Then he turned tome : ' Miss Dodd, do you remember that night you and I met at Richard Hardie's door? Well, scarce five minutes before that, your father was standing on our lawn and called to the man, who was ; my father, in. a loud voice— it rings in my ears now— ' Hardie ! Villain ! give me back my money, my fourteen thousarid pounds i give nie my children's money, or may your children die befdro your eyesj' All, you wince to hear me whisper, those dreadful words : what, if you had been where I was, arid {ie'ar'd them opoken, and in a terrible, voice ; the voice of Despair; the voice of Truth ! Soon a window opened cautiously, and a yoice whispered, ' Hush ! I'll bring it you down.' Arid this voice was the voice of fear, of dishonesty, and of Richard Hardie.' Ho turned deadly 'I white' when he said this, and I cried to mamma, ' Oh, I stop hjm 1 stop him!' And she said, 'Alfred, think what you are saying. Why do you tell us what we had better never know ?' He answered .direotly, , ' ' Because it is the truth : and because I loathe in justice. Some time afterwards I taxed Mr Richard Hardio with this fourteen thousand pounds : and his face betrayed him. I taxed his clerk Skinner: and. Skinner's face betrayed him : and ho flod the town that vory night.' : ' My mother looked much distressed and said, 'To what end do you raise this pitiable subject. Your father is a bankrupt, and wo but suffer with tho rest.' , , , .--.?: ' ' No, no,' said ho, ' I havo looked thrpugh tho bankrupt's hooks, ami thoro is no. montion of the sum. And thon who bi-ought, Captain Dodd here ? Skinner : and Skiunor is his detected confederate. It is clear to me poor Captain Dodd trusted that sum to iis, before lie had the fit : beyond Jthis all is con jecture.' Mamma looked utino again, and siiid, ' What' ami to do , or say ?' '' ' I soreamod, ' Do nothing, say nothing : oh pray, pray make him hold histongug, and lot tho vile money go. It is not his fault.' ? ? '? ' ' Do ?' aiiicl.tho obstinato crcatuvo : ' Why teUJEcl wivrd, and lot him oinploy a sliiivp uttovnoy : you have a Rupplo antuRonist, nnd a during 'onp. Jfoeii I Efty I lmvo wioil porsnadloh, nml ovou l.'rll)'o;i : \n\b lio rteftoa WO, Klfll fl» ttttwuey m Mm 5 &r; 'Hint poMoo, Mat Jiistitia, rtldt calum.' I put both hands out to him him and burst o'rit' 'Oh, Alfred, why did you tell ? A son expose his oWri father ? For ? shame,' for shanie ! I have suspected it all long ago ; but I wouia never nave tola. ' He started a little1 ; but said, ' Miss'Dodd, you vteve very generous to me ; but that is not exactly ? a reason why I should be a cur to you ; and an accomplice in a theft, by which you suffer. Ihave no pretensions to re Kgron like my sister : so I can't afford to tamper with plain rig&t; (tad wrong. What, look calmly oh and see one man defraud ari'oiihfr? I can't do it. See you de frauded ? you, Mrs Dodd, for' whom I profess affection and friendship ? You, Miss Dodd1, for whom I profess love and constancy ? Stand and see you1 swindled into poverty ? No : I'll be damn'd if I do. Of what da you think I am made? My stoiriach rises against it, my blood boils against it, my flesh. creeps at it, my soul loathes it :' then after this great burst he seemed to turn so feeble : ' oh,' said he, faltering, ' I know what I n'aVe' tiono } I have signed the death warrant of our love; dear to me as' life- But I can't help it. Oh, Julia, , Julia, my lost love, you c'ai+ never look on me again ; vou must not love a man vo'u 6'gnnot marrv. Cheat Hardie's wretched son. But what could I do? Fate offers me but the miserable choice of desolation or cowardly rascality. I choose desolation. And I nfeairt to. stand by my choics like a man. So good-bye, ladies'.' ' The poor pwJQii ereature rose from his seat, and bowed stiffly and haugbifly to us both, and was going away without another word; arid, I -kr believe, for ever. But his soul had been toofgreatfor his fccaly,; -his- poor lips turned pale, and he staggered; and. would have fallen, but mamma screamed to me, and she he loves so dearly, and, abandons so cruelly, woke from a stupor of despair, and flew and caught him fainting in these arm's; . 7 . ' ? . ..-.:.'.'?.. ' We laid th'd' fo'Qr proud creature on the sofa, and bathed his face with &fti; de Cologne. He spoke directly, and said that was riie'e',- Snd 'My head! my head !' And I don't think he was ever (Jtfite insensitile,' but' he did not Imow what was going on, for1 j»i'«i«s-»tly he opened his eyes wide, and stared at us so, -uuftfi9n closed them with oh such a sigh ; it swelled my heart almost to bursting.^ And to think I could any nothing : but mamma soothed him and insisted on his keeping cftrM ; for he wanted to run away from us. She was never sygVtfd to him before: she said, 'My dear child, you have my pity Siid. esteem ; alas! that at your age you should be tried like' flits-. How few in this sorry world would have acted like you* I should have sided with my own flesh and blood, for one'.' '' What, right or wrong ? he asked. ' ' Yes,' said she, ' right or wrong.' Then she turned to me : ' Julia, shall all the generosity be on his side ?' ' I kissedher and clung to her, but dared not speak ; but I was mad enough to hope, I scarcely knew, what, till she said in the same kind sorrowful voice, '' I agree with you ; you can never be my son nor Julia's hus band. But as for that money, it revolts me to proceed to1 extremes against one, who after all is your father, riiy irtfoTj poor', chivalrous boy.' But she wouldjdecide nothing without Edward : he had taken his father's place in this house'/ , Sothen Igave all up, for Edward is made of iron. Alfred -was dearer sighted than I, and never had a hope : he put his aTns round mamma and kissed her, and she kissed him? and ho kissed my hand, and .crept away, and I heard his step on the stair, and on the road ever so far, and life seemed ended for me when I heard it no more. Edward has come home. Mamma told him all; he listened gravely ; I hungupoa his lips ; and at last the otttele' spoke ; and said, 'This is a nice muddle.' More we c'dula Hot get from him ; he must sleep on it. O1, suspense! yod torture! He had seen aplaceho thinks will suit tfs ; it ia a bad omen his saying that so s'o'ori' after. As I went to bed I .could not help wliisperirigV 'If he and 1 are parted, so -villyou and: Jane.' The crtfelboy answered me out hud, 'Thank vn.i litt.lA mrl -. f.tiftt is a teirrotatioti : and vou have iiut me on my guard.' Oh, how hard it is to understand a man ! They arc so impracticable with their justice and things. I came away with my cheeks burning, and my heart like a stone ; to bed, but not to sleep. My poor, poor, unhappy, noble Alfred !' 'Dec. 27th. Mamma andEdward have discussed it; they say nothing to me. Can they have written to him ? I go about my duties like a ghost ; and pray for sub mission to the Divine will.' 'Dec. 28th. To-day as I was reading by main force to Mrs Eagleton's sick girl, came Sarah all in a hurry with., I was wanted, Miss. But I would finish my chap ter, arid 0 how hard the Devil tried to make me gabble it ; so I clenched my teeth at him, and read it as if I was sp'elling it ; and then didn't 1 fly ? He was there ; arid they all sat Waiting for me. I was hot and cold' all at the same time', arid lie rose and bowed to me, and I courtseyed to him, stai sat down and took my work, and didn't know one bit what I w'asdoing. And our new oracle, Edward, laid down the law like' anything. 'Look here, Hardie,' said he, ' if anybody but you had told us about this fourteen thousand pounds, I should have set , the police on your governor before now. But it seems to me a stiabby thing to attack a father on the son's in formation,, especially when it's out of love for one1 of Us he has denounced his own flesh and blood.' '.'No, no*' said Alfred, eagerly, 'out of love of justice? , : , , ' ' A-by yott think so, my fine fellow, but you would riot haVe) done it for ft stranger,' said Edward. Then he Went on: ' Of all blunders, tlie.worst is to fall be tween two stools. Look here, Hiamma; we decide, for the son's sake, not to attack the' father; after that it would be very inconsistent to turn the cold shoulder to the son. Another thing : who suffers most by this fraud? why, the man that marries Julia.' Alfred burst out impetuously, ' Oh prove that to me, and let me bo that sufferer.^ Edward' turned calmly to mamma: u tne iourteeu uiuusnuu ^uiuiuo nuo ^ «^ hands, what should you do with it ?' The dear thing said she should settle at least ten thousand of it on Me, arid marry Me to this poor motherless boy, ' whom I hrtva learned to love myself,' said she. ' ' There,' said Edward, ' you see it is you who lose by your governor's— I won't say what— if you marry my sister.' ? _ , , , , 'Alfred took his hand, and, said, ! God bless you for telling me this.' , . . - ' Then Edwardturned to mamma and mo, and said, ' This poor fellow has left his father's house becausehe wronged us ; then this houso ought to open its armS to him* that is only justice; but now to be just to our side' I havo been to Mr Crawford, the lawyer, and I find this Hardie junior has ten thousand pounds of his own. That ought to be settled on Julia, to make up for what she loses by Hardie senior's— I won't say what.' ? ? - ? . , ' , - ? ? ,.,„ ' ' If: anybody settles, any of thpir trash on me,. 1 11 boat them, and throw it in the fire,' said I; ' and I hated money.' . ' The oracle asked me directly did I hate clothes and food and charity to the poor, and cleanliness and decency? Then I didn't hate monoy, ' for none of these things can exist without money, you little romantic humbug ; you shut up !' ' f ' Mamma rebuked him for his expressions, but approved his sentiments. But I did not care for bis sontiments ; for he smiled on mo; and said, tWo' two oro of one mind; we shall transfer our fortune to Captain Dodd, whom my father has robbed. Julia will consent to shuro my Ijou^st poverty.' , , ? ' l Well, wo will talk about that.' situ! hdward, pompouBly. lt , _ , , , , ' 'Talk ftbout ifc Without me, thon/ I orlotl, ana gat \\)h R»(i wftVflJjQA ««t iatUg««»t i only it wa« pvtty »y low cunning to hide my face that I could not keep the rapture out of. An d, as soon as I had retired with cold dignity, off I skipped into the garden to let my face loose, and I tliink they sent him after me, for I heard his quick step behind me; so I ran away from him as hard as I could, and, of course, he soon caught me ; ia the shrubbery where he first asked me to be his ; and he kissed my hands again and again like wildfire, as he is, and he Bsid, 'You are right, dearest; let them talk of their trash while I tell youhow I adore you ; poverty with you will be the soul's wealth ; even misfortune, by your side, would hardly . be misfortune. Let all the world go, and let you and I be one, and live together, and: die together ; for now I see I could not have lived without you, nor without your love.' And I whispered something on his shoulder, no matter what; what, signifies the cackle of a goose ? And we mingled our happy tears, and our hearts, and our souls. Ah, Love is a sweet, a dreadful passion ; what we two have gone through for one another in a few months ! He dined with us ; and ? Edward and he sat a long, long time- talking. I dare say it was only about their odious money; still I envied jEdward having him so- long. But at last he came up, and devoured me with his lovely grey eyes, arid I sang him Aileen Aroon, and he whispered things into my ear, oh, such sweet, sweet, idiotic, darling things ; I will not part with even the eliadow of one of them by putting it on paper, only I am {fee blessed est creature in all the world; and I only hope to g'tfovfoeBS it is not very wicked to be so happy/ as I am.' - ? ??'.'? ' 'Dec. 31st. It is all settled. Alfred returns to- Oxford to make .up for, lost time ; the time spent in construing Me instead of Greek: and, at the end o£ term he is to come of age and marry — somebody. Marriage ! oh what a word to put down ! It makes me tingle*. ;? it thrills me; it frightens nie, deliriously : no* not deliciously ; anything but: for suppose, being botbi of us fiery,- aad they all say one of them '???ought to be- cold blooded for a pair to be happy, I should make him a downright bad wife. Why then I hope I shall die iit a year or two out of my darling's way, and let him have- a good one instead. I'd come back from the grave and tear her to pieces.' 'Jan 20th. Poverty stares us in the face. Edward says we could make a modest living in London ; and nobody be the wiser ; but here we are known, and ' must be ladies and gentlemen, and fools,' lie says. He has now made me seriously promise not to give money and things out of the house to the poor: it. ia robbing my mother and Mm. Ah, now I see it is non sense to despise raoney : here I come home sad .from my poor people ; and I used to return warm all over. And the poor old souls do not enjoy my sermons half so much as when I gave them things to eat along withi them. .-?.-.'?? 'Thedear boy, that I always loved dearly, but admire. and love now that lie has turned an intolerable tyrant,, and he used to foe Wax, has put down two maids out of our three, and brings our dinner up himself ia a jacket, then puts on his coat and sits down- with' us, and we-, sigh at him and. he grins and derides us: he ..does, not care one straw . for Pomp. And mamma, and I have to dress one ariother now. And I like, it.' '???'. ' Jan. 30th. He says we may now, by great economy ,. subsist honestly till my wedding day; but then mamma and he must ' absquatulate.' Oh, what stout hearts, men have. They can jest at sorrow even when, in spite of their great thick skins, they feel it. Ah, the-. real poor are happy ; they marry, and need not leaver, the parish where their mother lives.' ' Feb 4th. Aland and most delicate letter from Jane. She says, 'Papa and I are much grieved at Captain Dodd's affliction, and deeply concerned at your loss; by'the .bank. Papa has asked Uncle Thomas for two- hundred pounds, and I entreat you to oblige me by receiving it at my hands, and applying it according; to the dictates of your own affectionate heart.' 'Actually our Viceroy will not let me take it : he says he will not accept a crumb from the man who» owes us a loaf.' ' Feb 8th. Jane. mortified, and no wonder. If she; knew how very poor we are, she would be surprised as well. ? I have implored her not to take it to heart, for all that will be explained one day, arid she will see we could not. ' His dear letters ! I feed on them. We have no secrets, no two minds. He is to be a first class, and then a private tutor. Our money is to go to mamma r it is he and I that are to work our fingers to the bone 1 am so nappy !J, ana never let xnem De anven Dy ? m ustice from their, home. But all this is a great secret. The Viceroy will be defeated, only I let him talk :till Alfred is here to back me. No ; it is not just the right ful owner of fourteen' thousand pounds should he poor. '? How shallow female education is : I was always led! to suppose modesty is the highest virtue. No such thing ! Justice is the queen of the virtues— lie is justice, incarnate.' ' March 10th- On reperusing this diary, it is demo ?ralising; very; it feeds self. Of all the detestable compositions ' Me, Me, Me, from one end to another : for when it is not about myself, it is about Alfred, and that is my hq-Me though not my she-one . So now to turn over a new leaf ; from this day I shall record only the things that happen in this house and what my betters say to me, not what I say ; and the texts ; and outline of the sermons : and Jane's Christian admoni tion 8.' ' Before a resolve so virtuous all impure spirits retire, taking off their hats, bowing down to the very ground, and apprehending Small Beer. (To he continued.) Mrs Liddle, presently living at Grahamston, Fal kirk, and in good health, has lived to see a progeny of one hundred and sixty-seven — namely, ten of her own children, fifty-four grandchildren, ninety-six great-grandchildren, and seven 'greatgreatgrand children. Emigration for Factory Operatives. — A meet ing of the Emigrants' Aid Committee took place at the Town Hall, Manchester, on Friday, when the executive committee reported that the party of emi grants to be sent to Victoria at the expense of this committee and of the Victorian Emigrants' Assistance Association of London had been approved of by Mr Knight and forwarded by the ship Landsborough, from ' Liverpool. The clothes and bedding wore supplied in Manchester, and the other necessaries ir. T.framnnl. Mr Kuicrht assisted to the extent of £25 to be applied in roleasing clothes from pledge. The numbers actually sent were 54 families of 135 statute adults, and 73 single women. Of these, seven families, or 16 statute adults, were sent free ; the expense of their outfit would be deducted from tho passage-money, payable to the Victoria Society, who had paid tho whole to Messrs Bainea and Co., the shipowners. Mr Deano, from tho Emi gration Commissioners' Office, attended last week to select a number of singlo females for Western Aus tralia. Not being able to secure a sufficient number he made up the number of persona required by fami lies. They were supplied with sheets, towels and clothing out of a grant of £80 made by tho Mansion House Committees as part of a sum of £304 5s made on Friday last {21st lilt). Mr Fletcher saw.them. off by train on Tuesday. Balanco in hand, ;gl3,87 10s 4d. Altogether 745 persona had beou assisted With ontiits, ami UiS with passages, oxolusivo of 308 Dcreaiw, tho oontrilmtion of wliouo p&suap-raonoy; hjri pot yrt bwR yrtfl»'~Hr««mfl»» BsgteBW a, 