LAW MAKING. To the Editor of the Qeelong Advertiser. Sir,—I was not unaware the other day, when draw- ing the attention of your readers to a few striking facts with regard to the highly important subject of law making, that I was tramping on a hornet's nest, and that a good stinging at least would be awarded me for daring to use my unhallowed pen on a sub- ject so far above my capacity. Well, 1 have received my first instalment from that generous pedagogue " F," and in the words of the poet " He speaks plain cannon, fire, and smoke, and bounce; He gives the bastinado with his tongue; Our ears are cudgel'd; not a word of his But buffets better than a fist of France; Zounds ! I was never so bethumped before Since I first called my brother's father dad." It seems my worthy commentator's fears that he could not catch me were groundless, as he found me sticking in a sea of mud, and in endeavoring to ex- tricate me he had an opportunity of proving the profound depth of its muddiness, by getting over head and ears in the same puddle, so that he could not extricate himself, although he exerted every faculty all in vain ; and the danger was imminent that a coroner's inquest would be the end of his generous efforts, as all sublunary things, except two faint vanishing lights, had disappeared, and they could only be kept in view by the utmost exertions. How he made out to separate so much mud from mud he has not told us, but the dip, if it did not clear his intellect, had at least the effect of recalling to his mind what he was writing about. I receive the castigations of my amiable opponent without a shadow of ill feeling. I only regret that a third of a column of your valuable space should be so misapplied. To make amends however, we have a piece of writing which may well rank amongst the "curiosities of literature," and with all your varied experience, Mr Editor, in such matters, I am con- vinced you seldom meet with an article so weighty in manner and so light in matter. Our friend was so very amusing, so long as he confined himself to the Company of Kant and the ghosts of Cobbett and Murray, that he must expect a different verdict from the way he treats the question at issue. I asked the simple question, " What is law- making," and in rather a hurried and perhaps confused man- ner gave a few cases to point out, not so much how they were made as to the purposes they are put to after being made. A regard to your space, did then and must now necessarily prevent any length- ened remarks on the same subject. I am glad " F" his relieved me, (and that in a style too which few would attempt to match) from explaining the mys- tery of how laws are made. He is defending the system, and therefore ought to know. I condemn the working of them. He supplies the information as to how they were made, and if his explanation is correct every man out of Yarra Bend must be forced to condemn both the process of making and working them. He very correctly refers to the duties of the representative system of government, which all know is a privilege granted to a people whereby they have the power through their repre- sentatives of making the laws they live under. Are they not also a responsible government ? their duty does not cease with the making of the law. as "F." labours hard to prove, but they are responsible for its effective working and proper application in all cases, from the peer to the beggar. Let us now take a glance at the manufactory of laws as afforded us by F." himself. We take for granted the very reasonable supposition " that when once a measure has run the gauntlet through both houses of parliament, and become law, that all anxiety about it may cease." Such should really be the case, but "F." says "not so, quite otherwise; making law is one thing, and interpreting it is an- other;" and he even allows a jury the right of in- terpretation. We are next informed about the heavy reading of an Act of Parliament, and the reason is, style, and he might have added common sense, any other thing so essential in other lite- rary protractions is carefully avoided, and after getting bewildered about the virtues of parliamentary literature he blurts out—"and the result of this style is practically to render almost every act unin- telligible. Then follows a specimen of such a nature as we have just given, " Where the excep- tions , secondary exceptions to the exceptions, & c." "F." next refers to the opinions of Mr Pitt, who was puzzled to know what the law allowed and what it was it disallowed; and no doubt many other able statesmen besides Mr Pitt have felt and expressed the same regret. But law reformers and statesmen at home were met by the complicated and insur- mountable obstacles which centuries had accumu- lated. We have had no such excuse and it was miserable folly to introduce in an infant colony "the inherent difficulties in every Act of Parliament, rendering them almost meaningless." " F." says I differ from Mr Pitt. I beg leave to correct him. I condemned the unmeaning jargon in which laws are written before I was enlightened by "F."as to what Mr Pitt's opinions were. We are next informed that this nondescript thing, and have been twice so told, has to be issued " from an unfinished house at the top of Bourke Street," and like the house, it is in a " highly unfinished and imperfect state," and is committed to their honors the judges, " who have not the slightest tinge of respect for parliaments." The process here is very simple. it is as follows:- To decide what is the best law on the subject, and then to prove to the public that such was the meaning of parliament. And this process is the saving clause in our glorious constitution. If so, it must be a glorious hotch- potch, and no wonder "it has not worked well in Victoria." What will our honourable M.L.C.'s and M.L.A.'s hare to say to this picture, painted by their own advocate, who charges them with incapacity for ful- filing their most important dutics. He is a more severe critic than even " Bellerinite." He advised them to cultivate a sound English style,and have done with the barbarous jargon which " F." proves ren- ders their labours so " meaningless;" and, as passing events prove, not only meaningless, but mis- chievous. We must, I suppose, allow a little for the par- tiality "F." seems to show to the opinion of law- yers. I will not give way to him in so far as respect to the Bench goes as it is at present, but I cannot conceal from myself that as events now seem to shape themselves, and as vacancies occur, a class of men altogether unfit may be forceed upon us. We find some such already high in position. Our lax and meaningless acts in the hands of such men may well suggest the doubts that our rights and liberties would be in imminent danger. Apologising for this lengthened intrusion, 1 am, &c.;, BELLERINITE. 28th May, 1863. 