THE BOTAL MARRIAGE. (From the Times and other English papers.) The Jioyal town ol Windsor decked itself out In the gayertof holiday attire last Tuesday (10th March); the damage which had been caused by the Wind sod heavy raim of Saturday last had been fully repaired; festoon* garlanded the town more pro'usely than before ; flags had multiplied immensely; word* of greeting to welcome the coming add speed the parting guest abonniled on every band. At half-past eleven the silver trumpets rang out at the gland entrance to the Castle, and instantly a chorus of childish voices from the children of the Qucen'i school* came mingling with the distant peal* of the welding bells, the blare of trumpets, and the famOiar sounds of the National Anthem. Immediately after a captain's escort eff Life Guards wss seen to emerge from the « * n d entrance to the Castle, and dote behind there came carriage after carriage with -the Royal state liveries, conveying the gue'ts of Ha- Majeaiy -who had teen invited to the Cattle. The first three carriage* weie filled with Equerries and gentlemen aid Udies in attendance on the Itoyal guests. In the fourth carriage the Maharajah Duleep Singh wa« observed glittering in jewel*, tad wearing the Ribbon and Order of the Star of India. The Princess Dsgmar and Thyra were recognised by many of the persons present, as was also the Princess Christian, the mother of the bridv. This completed the first section of the pro cession. The Royal carriage* having set down at the Chapel returned by the inner court to the quadrangle, and instimtly started with more of the Itoyal visitor-. Tins-time it was a procession of the lioyal Family and the Queen's household. The first bad merely served to whet the curiosity of the spectators. Now the excitement grew apace. Lord Alfred Paget and Major Seymour, the Lady Geraldine Somer- set, the Hen. Lucy Kerr, the Ccuotcs of Pourtales, and the Coun'ess of Caledsn were in the foremost oi the carriage*. The last five carriages contained tnem1«r* of the Royal Family. There wen the Duchess ol Cambridge and the Princess Mary, who were welcomed with a cheer; nest came Prince Leopold and Prince Arthur, in Highland costume. There was a pood the. r 1 >r them to-, as the bright intelligent faces of tbe two lads were seen, and as with graceful simplicity they bowed to the crowds on each ride. The two Princesses, Helena and Louise, were in tbe next carriage, and their kind and gentle looks won a hearty cheer. Hie Prince Louts and Princess Louis of Uesie, were verv warmly cheered. The last carriage contained the Crown Princess of Prussia, tbe Prince** Boyd, with her son, the Prince William of Prussia. Tbe Crown Princess was looking remarkably well, and her pleasant, all able, cheerful—almost merry—face was seen to great advantage as she bowed repeatedly in acknowledgment of the cheers which greeted her. The carriages which made up tbe procession of tbe Royal Family and the Queen's household were eleven in number Expectation was now on tiptoe for the arrival oi the Iko more important personages In tbe interesting event about to be celebrated. A quarter of an hour of suspense pissed slowly •way, and then a field officer's escort of the Life Goahk once more passed from the proud old archway, the bands struck up tbe National Anthem, the children cheered, aad still the bells danged on in their meriy peal, and sis carriages on their way to the chapel. Little thb anxious sightseer* who were the es,. or Lords ol tbe Bed-chamber, or Officers of the Household, that filled tbe first fire of the carriages, all eyes vfere directed to the last one, which was distinfrom the others by two footmen in Id Isce and gorgeous hats. The Prince of Wades looked somewhat pale, and there was now and then a twitching of the lips, as though his white shonlder-knots and collar of tbe Order of the Garter over his bright uniform, be looked a noble and bsndsome Bridegroom, lie was heartily cheered, and bowed right and left repeatedly in acknowledgment of the applause which accompanied him on his way. His supporters or groomsmen were bis ancle, the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and his brother-inlaw, the Crown Prince of Prussia, both of whom were in the carriage With his Koyal Highness. On arriving at tbe west entrance of St. George's Chapel the guard of honor saluted, and the Bridegroom was conducted by the Lord Chamberlain to hi* allotted place in the chapel. The procession of the Bridegroom was made up of six carriages, the last contaiiiiiw his Royal Highness the Kcigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotba; his Boyal Highness the Crown Prince of PrtM&;«fidWs w y a l H^hness the Bridegrotm. Not yet wa* expectation at an en\ there still remained tbe enchanting Bride who waa to be escorted with the same rdyal wate to tbe Chapel, Another quarter of an hour passed away, and at the first sound of the trumpets all eye* were directed to the noble archway. With the arte escort as before came the procession of fee Bride, the Princess Alexandra, with the Duke of Cambridge and her father, Prince Christian of Denmark, Wag So the last ol the carriages.^ Tte bride looked pale, with the he?Ui _ Saturday, The wbl J m * W Z l *at Witt sueh becomtag grsoe harming or brtaes. ' " half-pwt eleven the bu Abcnt half-past ' " " ontHde'tbetem] tbe ~ Queen," and announced iler in a vefy prtvate manner at the few ndsute* afterwart* the giving formed at the ^laeiwr iofone of I - [fUtioned ms at the Save the '••itm A of MMSem don and the BW«»>> ..UyWSr aWei veKed inltheiri . robes. Behind than lollowed tbe Arehh of Canterbury, supported on his light bythe Pean of Windsor, s'Altari Jni,«ortb„ the Canons and Minor Otto*., ilf was richly decorated witlifMfc 'oman ef'fiMawUi Ch'risfs Asoeusion (in the centre), and Christ's Imiitulioni of the Holy Commu nion, a* efiecttvely a* iu hardly-worked elaboritoraould have poisibly desired. Above it, the new emt window, rich and radient in its completeness, gave a tone and warmth to the Choiri such as it lias long languished for, and has at length received. Hardly bad tbe prelates , risen from their knees when FBI a boa rang through the nave, attrading universal attention. It waa the spontaneous thrill of delight experienced by ths approach or the Knights of the Garcr, preceded, by the Prelate and Chancellor or tbe Order, the Bishops of Winchester and Oiford wesrimc their Garter Robes. '—' *-— - • . . . - mg the day. 6 Then there is a slight rustle of silks and clink- Royal pew—showing literally like a cluster of gold and jewels that equal* even the appearance of tbe Knights of the Garter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which en-en whispers are audible, and the rustle of the diesses come with a noise as their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around, where " lord*, ladies, captains, councillors, and priests, " Their choice nobility and flower ; ** Embassies, from regions far remote, in various habits, " Met from all parts to celebrate the day." It is in truth a scene of such stately pomp and Royal circumstance as lew have ever seen before, where the noblest by birth and intellect, the [greatest and most revered in power, are all assembled within tbe narrow precincts of this grand old Choir, like tbe treasure* of the nation in their carved oak casket. Suddenly there is just a perceptible movement —a kind of consciousncss that something|hss occurred which tells at once that the Qoeen is either coming or has come, and all eyes are quietly directed towards tbe quaint old pew in the wall. In another instant tbe Queen herself appears, accompanied by bis Boyal Highness the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, tbe brother of the late Prinee, and, as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of Her Majesty. The Queen wears the simplest and plainest of widow's weeds—a widow's eap, a black silk dress with white collar and cuffs, and Mack gloves, lite only colors wb<ch appear upon her are the Star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue riband, narrowed to the width Her Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief and care stamped on every lineament of her features. She stands at tbe window of the Boyal new, * little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be %en at all by thos? oi the opposite side uf the Ch'iir glancing quietly into the interior, white the Duke of ijaxe-Coburg speaks and apparently explains to her the arrangements going oa below for the ereat ceremony which has drawn her forth from her mourning and seclusion. After a few minutes she scats herself a little away from the window, and the Duke retires, the Hon. Mr*. K. Bruce, clad, lib the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his place. It is 12 o'clock, and the noise of cheering can be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after a few minutes by the g"eat rustle and peculiar hum which the great mass of visitor? in the Xave make on rising. The first or tbe three processions is at band, but. no one moves in the Choir till the glittering file is seen, headed by heralds and great officers of State, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing off to tbe right and lelt as they enter the Choir, till they r»ch the dab, which none but the most iliustrioas may ascend. Dhuleep Singh, with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and tbe Prince of Leiningen, in bis uniform as Captain of tbe English navy, haul the line of Royal guests, bat it I* on the aster ol the bride, tbe lovely Princess Dagmar of Denmark, followed by her Ecyal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Thyra and Prince aldemar, that all looks are centred a* with stately step tbey slowly pass up the centre. Tbe Princess Christian is richly yet duply dressed, and only a feather and a few flowers are mixed with the thick clusters of her auburn hair. All as they reach th; dais, turn and make a deep and reterend obeisance to Her Majesty, and then pass on to tbe feats on the south of tbe altar. Hardly are they placed in order when tbe cheers from without the building come loud and clear, with a sound that is almost noise amid that stately pomp and <^uiet, and tbe strains of tbe bands playing the Iv at tonal Anthem can be distinctly heard heralding the progress ol tbe procession of the Boyal Family. There is the usual slight delay while it is marshalled in the temporary apartments, and then the trumpets burst forth as it enters tbe building. Officers o the household, pur-uivants, and heralds lead the way as before, halting and making a double line below tbe dais, while tbe Princess Maty of Cambridge, her magnificent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, uiovtg up tbe choir with the most perfect grace. At the dais her attendant pauses, and she turns to gather her train over her ana, and, moving to ttie centre, makes a profound courtesy to Her Majesty; then puses at once to her place o i the north ol the altar, in froat of and just beneath tbo-e treasures of ironwork, tbe sates of Qnintin Hatsys. A* she pisses in the Duchess of Cambridge fatlows, with like state and eerwnony, and then the IViocess Beatrice, Princes* L->uise, and Princess Helena ascend in torn, followed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, tbe tatter in Highland dresses of the Boyal tartan. All low and courtesy deeply to tbe Qusen, and the Princess Helena, who wear* a train, gathers heis on her arm like the rest, and seats herself near the Duche«of Cambridge. Tbe next is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants, who pay* the same deep reverence to her mother as ML the rest ; then the Princess Itoyal, looking a< young, as amiable, end as timid as when, with slow aUp, she hertell was led to the a l u r a t t u C b b>(h£ lianda^ ...,.,. " i Stately pomp around, dragged. pa uis tiMttfj'm* i* Vf kwked b&indTjim; it' the riUp^'l^'jmijm^r-brought his liule feetto turmottbttljethree fteps^fthe hwtpai. j O L b i v i flpeCjii .abatfe? fJaeep now.rifet tooj aod jbpws tober dauahter a jn3 ip ^HwfiSOmj^--^ flwt that bu tassed acnits berface rinceabe entered tbe Jhapel. Beethoven's noble rmarch has been >i*; ed M tbey filed in. but, as may be guested, .ta*tr^», though beauUfully tender^ are but little attended 'jj ft «u3i a «o» gs this, Tbe Qtusen cvid^ptly found an oloect. which ber, and her^ir tjrfn, sbe remain* at the closet window, cbing her Royal 'cbpten as they pass one Vanother to teaeatb.atuLeiren m tbey are seated fbe lewis over the front att^J^c^bh^of ^nd piide which is untuMtakeable, and in v^jiph Jnfc..tffoe «f g b e ^iscovered now, i... *","." - • ..m • Again the cheers come louder and more svtftallied lian eitf^mlW olosiae,; again th^e i»rfi»e Mbe il^tt^ f"? rittlingkettle-drumi in tMNave, *?-'' •1} tber rqb^i i " e, the J>oke-oi Saxe-Coburg, similarly robed. The Wedding March is played as tbey move up with stately | and tbe Queen rises and comes folly for ward as the haul pat is reached, and the three ascend and torn in line towards ber, bowing deeply. Tbe Poke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince of I'russis retire to the south side of the altar, and the Bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds i i prayer, rises and stands " the rose and expec tancy of this fair Stste," in the centre of tbe had pat, alone, with bis face towards the Queen. Such an occisioa is one in which few men appear to advantage; yet the Prince gains bv passing through it. With tbe easy grace that seems natural to all bis action* be stood alone, the watched and observed of all the observers, neither bashful nor confident, but with a manly "nyal bearing that became bis illustrious birth id etalted station. He looked round np m the splendid scene for a moment quietly and easily; and hi* every movement, hi* look, hi* very bearing, seemed in their vivid likeness to his Boyal father to impress and amtse all—even those who by their rank and station might be supposed to be the most familiar with his features. As the sound of cheering was heard without, marking the coining ol his youthful Bride, be kept turning bis head every moment, If r from where he stood, in the centre of the altar, he could see through the screen and down the Nave beyond to where the crimson curt tins would hide the marshalling of the Bride's provision. Often and often did he glance this way, but the curtains were motionless and gave no sign of the coming forth of ber whom all now watched for with such eager expectation, that the suspense even of the slight delay seemed almost painful. Still he stood alone, and, though evidently keenly anxious for the coming of his voiing Bride, he bore the eager scrutiny of all with a quiet case that wa* charming—his youth, his face, hi* figure, all bringing irresistibly before tbe mind tbe lines, "Shaped in proportion talr, " Bloc was his piercing eye, " And auburn of the richest dye " His short moustache and hair." At last, with a great clangour of trumpets, which at first are muffled into a rich indistinctness behind the curtains, the long looked for procession of the Bride enters, and the Prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of tbe fact of the arrival, keeps his eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns bis head again till his affianced stands beside him. The hush was now so deep and breathless that even tbe restless glitter ofthe jewelstbattwinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it, and, despite the stately etiquette which bad hitherto regulated eie-y word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as tbe hum and rustle in the Nave beyond showed tbe young Bride to be drawing near. In another minute she hut entered, and stood " In gloss of satin and glimmer of pearls, " Queen lily and rose in one," tbe fairest and almost the youngest of ail her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and tbe soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imparts a look of joyous happiness to ber expressive features, had all but disappeared as, with head bent down, but glancing her eyes occasionally from side to side, she i moved slowly np towards the alter. The programme tells ns that she was supported on tbe right by her Royal lather, Prince Christian of Denmark, and on ber left by tbe Duke of Cambridge, and tbe same dry but most authentic document leads us to believe that both were in full uniform, and wore tbe collars and badges of their respective orders of knighthood. But, without wishing at all to derogate from the importance of these iliustrioas personages, we may ay that any one else might hare safely borne their pan, so deep, so all-absorbing wa< tbe interest with which the Bride, and Bride alone, was watched. From the way ber features are now shaded by tbe veil, and her looks bent forward, it is "difficult to see her features more fully, but as she nears the alter she drops ber arm, and for the first timeappear* beneath the folds of her veil a Urge bouquet of orange flower*, carried in a princely gift from the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh. On these occasions, we believe, the dries of the Bride ranks in general estimation as only second in importance to tbe celebration o! the ceremony it-elf, which is to be regretted, for a lady's dress, like a Istly's beauty, can only be described by its effect. It is embroidered white silk, trimmed with silver, which can just be discero.-d in rich designs glitteriug between tbe snowy folds. The traditional white is not, however, departed from, tbongh over all she wean a slight boldicewitb open sleeves of white silk, embroidered with sllrer. and which, falling tight, sets off her tapering waist and faultless symmetry of form to ab olute perfection. Her gorgeous train of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of U and 20, tbe very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient bouses. The young ladies thus honored with so fair a post in tbe long programme of this bappy day are all the daughters of Dukes, Marquises, or Earls whose titles are almost as familiar as the names of our Kings of old. They were" Lady Victoria Alexandria Montagu Douglas Seott, daughter of tbe Duke ol Buecleudi; Lady Theodora Grosvenor, daughter of tbe Marquis of Westminster; Lady Diana lieauclerk, daughter of the Duke of St. Albans; Lady Elma Bruce, daughter of the Earl of Elgin; Lady Victoria Hare, sister ofthe Earl of Listowel; Lady Agneta Yorke, daughter o( the Karl of Hardwicke; Lady Victoria Alexandria* Elisabeth Campbell, daughter of the Earl of Cawdor; Lady Constance Villiers, daughter of the Earl of Clarendon"; Lady Ernestine Emma Jloratia Mount-Edgeeumbe, daughter of the Earl of Mount-Edgecumbe; and Lady Feodorowna Cecilia Wellesley, daughter of Sari Cowley. It is quite superfluous to say bow they looked, as robed in snowy white, and wrapped in veils, tbey followed their Itoyal mistress with soft footsteps, though, as they were not going to be married, they teemed to think themselves relieved from tbe neceswty of looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and bear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a Sidy in such a scene as thi*. Imagination must draw their picture*, for words would tail to paint them. Their draws were •U of white—a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that made them seem ethereal in their lightness. as, partly wrapped in long soft veils thev passed as noiselessly is a vision whleh cannot be forgoti forgotten or describ Lady Gcorgina Hamil- ton, daughter of tbe Marquis . . of A&srcorn;, . was originally intended to iorm one of the lovely toun, but was unlortunately prevented by indisposition, which, though not aevere in character, was sufficient to prevent lier attendance now. Slowly the Bride reaches the hutt pat, and as she stop* to bow to the Queen, some of her fair attendant*, who ate apparently even more ner- . . mpttok! kneel, but, findin their mistake, rise quickly and move on as ' — • * ft,* tbey did not mean* it. Then, and then only, does the Prince turn, a* if to receive her, but cbecks lumself js be eees them all bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seem* irresolute as to what be ought to do. Th* long keen scrutiny seemi to have disturbed bis oonipoiure at last, though only for a seoond, and ttba ADtbem oease*, and all retire * little apart, wbiie the Brideand -Bridegmoin are Jeft ttandingin the middle ofthe Ao^uor, tbe latter alone, the former, of conftfc closely ptrrounded by her tw-jftiPF . m W m W gf§ they. Ap % which tbe eye lafld^lirnitiyM feeling like -rest from, tbe sur Grounding glitter. Handel's march from Joieph had been played at entering, but all music had ceased as the par- ty stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn wards of tbe chorale ; — " This day, with joyful heart and voice To Heav'n be raised a nation's pray'r ; " Almighty Father, deign to piant " Thy blessing to the youthful pair. " So shall no clouds of sorrow dim " The sunshine of their early day* j But happiness in endless round " Shall still encompass all their ways." The exquisiuly soft music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the late Prince Consort It may have been this, or the associations and lifelong memories tilled up bv the scene beneath her, but cerUin it is th»t as the hymn c o m m e n t Her Msjestydrew back from the window ofthe pew, and, after an effort to conceal her emotion, gave way to ber tear* and almost sobbsd, nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremsny entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this; tbe Brides face was turned from the pew, and tbe Queen was withdrawn too mush from the front for the Prince to see her, though his looks were often turned in that direction. As the solemn chant eaded, the Prelate* advanced to the communion rails, and tbe Primate in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every pirt of the building, Choir, or Nave, commenced tbe service with the usual formulary, "Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in tbe sigbt of God, an fin the face of this congregation, to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony." Tbe e is a solemn pause after that dreadful adjuration in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage, and then, after a moment, the Primate paned on to " Wilt thou, Albert Edward, have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinan?e in the holy estate of matrimony f Wilt thou love her, comibrt her, honor, an 1 keep her in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto b?r, so long as ye both shall live T To this the Prince rather bowed than responded, his utteran'% was so indistinct. To tbe same question, " Wilt thou, Alexandra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband?" the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, everv ear was strained to eatch it. But to the words,—" I take thee, Alexandra, to my wedded wife, to hive and to hold from this day for vard, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness an i in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do pirt, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my troth," the Prince repeated clearly word lor word after his Grace, though now, again, wlitn it waa the turn of tbe young Bride, she could be heard only to answer almon inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson "flush, and she seemed very nervous. To the question " Who giveth this Woman to be'married to this Man," the Royal father of the Bride only b jwed and moved towards the Princess, who wss removing her glove hurriedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, voft voice, firmly and deliberately repeated the words " With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow; in the name of the Father, of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen." All then knelt down while tbe prayer commencing "O Eternal God, Creator and Preserver of all mankind. Giver of ail spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life; send thy blessing upun these Thy servants, this man and this woman, wUom we bless in Thy name," was tolemnlv repeated, and then tbey rose, while the Primate joined their hands and said tbe final words, " Those whom God bath joined together let no man put asunder." With these words, which in law completed the marriage ceremony, the service wss continued to the GTtb IValtn, tbe solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of all within the Choir as the words went pealing softly through both Nave and Aisle;— Blessed are all they that fear the Lord: pua •ratfc in His ways. " For thou sliiilt eat the labor of thine hands: O well is tbee, and happy shalt thou be. . " Thy wife shall be as the fruitful vine: npo3 the walls of thine bouse; " Thy children lite the olive-branches : round about thy tai'le. " la, thus shall the maa be blessed: that feareth the Lord. " The Lord from out of Sion shall bless thee : that thou shalt see Jerusalem in prosperity all tby life long ; " Vi a, that thou shalt see thy children's children: and t<eace upon Israel. *• Glory Ik to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost; " As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be: world without end. Amen." Then was continued the usual prayer and exportation, during which the guns in the Long Walk were heard booming forth, and the s'eeples throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound. Misled for a moment, tbe Queen's band began tuning their instruments, and even the organ gave one or two involuntary spirts and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race ol harmony. It was premature, however, and there was a gentle hush, which restored the former silence, when tbe Primate was heard concluding the exhortation. Then, raising his voice, he solemnly pronounced tbe benediction, during which the Queen, wbo had been more deeply affected, knelt and buried ber face in ber handkerchief. Tbe Bride and Bridegroom then joined hand, and, turning to tbe Queen, gave more a nod ofkindly friendsbipthanabow of^tate, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting to the Prin 'ess, quitted tbe closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colours of waving plumes, and flaming jewels, out of the Choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with how much deep hope and trne devotion tbe marriage ofthe second Prince of Wales was celebrated in St. George's Chapel, Windsor, As they left the Choir tbe organ and tbe band went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Beethoven:— " Hallelujah to the Father "And the Sou of God. ' "Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, In holy songs of joy, " Worlds unborn shall sing His glory, " The exalted Son of God." 