The Advertiser ADELAIDE; THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1863. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11. In the Legislative Council — The Hon. J. BAKER called the attention of the Hon, the CHIEF Secretary to the insufficient accommodation afforded by the Council Chamber. The Council adjourned until this day (Tnursday;, at 12 o'clock. In the House of Assembly— The House resolved to meet the next day at 12 o'clock to consider Mr. J. Lindsay's motion respect ing the claim of Messrs. Tripp and Jones. The Debenture Bill was postponed to the next day. The amendments in the Northern Territory Bill were agreed to. The Joint Stock Associations Bid was read and discharged. Several formal motions were moved and carried. The House adjourned at a quarter after 5 o'clock to the next day at 12 o'clook. It is abbakoed that His Excellency shall this day prorogue Parliameat, and certainly—who ever may wish to prolong the session—the public can have no such desire. It has been —take it for all in all—a session the like of which we shall probably not soon see again. For contradictions) inconsistencies, failures, recantations, homilia' turns, and perpetual vexations, it stands without a parallel; and as there is not the ghost of a chance of redeeming its character by any finUlnng touches either of legislative or adminis trative statesmanship, the community at large will only be too glad to hurry over the funereal obsequies and await patiently the resurrection of political life next year. When Ministers met the Parliament on Wed nesday it was announced that His Excellency I would come down to prorogue at 1 o'clock to day. The Council agreed to meet at 12 in order to transact any little business that might require attention, and still be in readiness to receive His Excellency at 1. But the Assembly were by no means so pacifically inclined; on the contrary Ministers met with such a rough handling that they would probably have resigned had such a word as resignation been in their vocabulary. Mr. John Lindsay severely attacked the Go vernment for abandoning the Mineral Leases, Bill, and charged them with a deliberate breach of contract with himself, inasmuch as the Trea surer (said the hon. member) had induced him to withdraw a resolution of which he had formerly given notice with reference to die leasing of the Bluff section at Port Elliot, on the distinct assurance that provision to the same effect would be made in the Mineral Leases BilL By abandoning that measure the Government had completely " sold" him, and he (Mr. Lindsay) was henceforward determined to be even with those who had so cruelly cheated him. Some angry remarks followed on this question; but a still more highly seasoned dis cussion arose ont of- ttie action of the Govern ment in announcing their determination to close the old Registration Office, and to give full effect to the Registration Act of 1862. On this point the Government were vehemently as sailed, and a hostile notice of motion having been tabled, the Treasurer was urged to give a pledge that Ministers would advise that the prorogation should not take place until after the House had come to a vote on the Regis tration question. The-Treasurer promised to afford time for the discussion, but be refused to pledge himself that the prorogation should not take place until after the vote. This put the Assembly on their mettle, and they instantly resolved not to proceed with the amendments of the Council on the Debenture Bill until after a decision had been arrived at on the Registration question. And so the matter now (stands. There is nothing before the Council; but the Assembly have sufficient for six or eight houre' debate—namely, Mr. Lindsay's motion involving the conduct of the Government with regard to the Mineral! Laws; and Mr. Duffield's motion respecting ; the decision of the Government on the question of Registration. The Government, it is true, have it in their power to cut the gordian knot by advising His ' Excellency to go down at the hour originally j appointed—namely, one o'clock—and prorogue ;! bat if they do this they will lose the Debenture j Bill. This might give them some sorrow, but it would give us none, for we still hold to the opinion that the Debenture Bill is a most unwise and mischievous measure, and one which, if [ passed, will establish the most dangerous financial precedent since the introduction of responsible Government in this colony. The Ministry might well afford to sacrifice this measure to save themselves from the difficulty threatened under Mr. Duffield's motion. Having just an nounced in both Houses that they will close the old Begistry Office on and after the !16th, they cannot possibly now accept a Tote of the Assembly to keep that office open; and they have, therefore, simply the alternative of acting on their announced intention, despite the vote of the Assembly, or of resigning their offices and leaving the carrying out of that vote to another Government. We are now arguing on the supposition—by no means an unlikely one— that the motion of Mr. Duffield will be carried. To accept such a decision, and to carry it out would be an act of recantation so instantaneous, and so un qualified, that no plea or apology whatsoever could avert the political contempt which would be everywhere awakened. Ministers must certainly stick to their decision with regard to the Begistration Act; and should an adverse vote be affirmed by the Assembly it is difficult to see how, even with the flexibility of india rubber, they could accommodate themselves to the situation. If they can defeat Mr. Duffield, all will be well; but if they cannot they are be tween the horns of a dilemma; either they must forfeit the " material guarantee " exacted by the Opposition, namely, the postponed Debenture Bill, or they must substitute in the last Scene of their programme the word " resignation " for "prorogation." A few hours, and we shall knowalL 