HEW ZEALAND. ["From our Melbourne Correspondent.] Melbourne, November 21. We hare Auckland news via Sydney to the 7 th. On the night of the 1st General Cameron, having completed his arrangements for storming Meremere, landed 700 men to throw up breast works. The Maories finding an attack meant, silently deserted their fortifications. When the troops entered the place they found it completely deserted. The Maories left one 24 pound cannon behind. Their retreat opens the passage of the Waikato for troops. A gunboat went up the river, but saw no signs of the enemy. General Cameron intends pushing forward through the Maori territory. Melbourne, November 25. We have Otago dates to the 18th inBtant. The Aldinga brings 24,090 ounces of gold. There had been heavy rains. There were large arrivals of live stock, and the goods markets were glutted. In Auckland we learn that the signal-station at Manukau Harbour has been destroyed by the rebels.; All the boats have been taken away, and traffic with the natives by sea has been stopped by proclamation. Pepper's Ghost.—This so-called novel invention, that has created a " great sensation,*' is simply a reproduction of a phenomenon known upwards of 200 years ago. as the following will prove:—" Natural magick, by John Baptista Porta, a Neapolitans in twenty books, wherein are set forth all the riches and delights of the natural sciences. London, 1058. . . . Book lr, p. 3J"0, chap, ix.—How we may see in a chamber things that are not I thought this an artifice not to be despised, for we may see in any chamber, if a man look in, those tilings that were never there, and there is no man so witty that will think he is mistaken. Wherefore, to describe the matter. Let there be a chamber whereinto no other light comes, unless by the door or window where the spectator looks in; let the whole window, or part of it, be of glass, as we used to do to keep out the cold, but let one part be polished, that there may he a looking-glass on both sides, whence the spec tator must Took in; for the rest do nothing. Let pictures be set over against this window, marble statues, and such like, for what is without will seem to be within, and what is behind the spec tator's back he will think to be in the middle of the house, as far from the glass inward as they stand from the glass outwardly, and so clearly and certainly that he will think he sees nothing hut truth. But lest the skill should be known, let the part be made so where the ornament is that the spectator may not see it. as above his head, that a pavement may come between above his head. And if an ingenious man do this, it is impossible thatheshouM suppose he is deceived.'' 