I PSrVATB .PROPERTX' JTBB8ÜS MINERS. 1Bis,-When the -lut O'shanassy administration Vas expelled from office, it was certainly not owing entirely to want of capacity, bs* from «heir shaping their policy to foster particular interests at the ex pense of the general interest-to their ffl-disgúised ase of a Victorian Association. Their successors elaborated a different policy,' vere supposed to be i capable of conducting the business of the country honestly, and of endeavoring to legislate for the ge ! neral -welfare of the country. . Mining iras to be 1 cared for (especially mining on private property) by 1 a MiqMttf»- of Mines ; yet, .instead' of awaiting for i the due course of legislation on the subject to -fill the legal vacuum, the Attorney- General lends ' himself to a legal trick to secure a verdict that he fondly hopes may establish a quasi right on the part of the bolder of land by fee simple, jointly with the Attorney-General, on the part of whom it does not exactly appear, to control the mining for, and disposal of, gold on or in such land, or under it. Why does Mr Sullivan permit himself to be one of a Ministry to plan so deliberate a sale of the people'« birthright? Perhaps be is asleep. He ought to know that some of the largest companies in Ballarat may trace their leads to the boundaries of private property and, after an enormous outlay of capital and labor, the fee simple bolder of land may step in and reap the reward justly belonging to capital sod labor legally mining. Is sot such legal necromancy unworthy of a Minister? It is more like the con duct of a member of a -Victorian Association for securing the gold to the owner of pri vate property by the equity judge con tinuing cn ? injunction on Crown lands miners, and not restraining the private property owner at the same time from mining until the ques tion can be honestly settled by législation. Let the Attorney-General save bis réputation by advising arbitration or compromise; and thus some at least of those costly disputes pressing like an incubus on so many pf our mining enterprises may be put an end to. ONE INTERESTED ON Born SIDES. GAROTTE ROBBERT.-A brutal case of garotte robbery was perpetrated at half-past six o'clock last evening, in a lane near the Beehive Hotel, Black wood street, North Melbourne. As William Wearby, a hawker, was in that place selling eel?, he was stopped by a mau, who asked'the price of a couple. He was told a shilling, when-be was going away, saying it was too much. He, however, immediately returned, and threw his arm round the neck of Weurby, and firmly garotted him. After which be plundered bis pockets of their contents, about 11s in money, leaving Weurby in an unconscious state upon the ground. When the police came up it WSB found necessary to remove him to the hospital. He has been able to give a pretty full description of the robber, which wiU no doubt lead to his speedy arrest. -Argus, 31st October. Poss ASD THE SNAKS.-The Seymour correspond . ent of the Kilmore Examiner relates the following story:-**The following incident was related to me yesterday, and I believe it to be true. Last summer the men employed at Mount Pleasant farm often saw dead snakes and pieces of snakes lying about with out knowing bow they got destroyed. It was often talked over and regarded as quite a mystery, till one day last week, as Moses was going to bis dinner, he almost set bis foot ou a brown snake, measuring five feet in length. Before the snake had time to escape a cat eeized it hythe back of the neck, and very soon took ali the mischief out of it. Moses watched ' the cat go to a waterhole, and then into a scrub for a I few minutes, after which it returned and ate the snake's bead. If the story be true, and I don't see anything improbable about it, nothing can be more certain than that the cat knows of an antidote for bites. The antidote is either in the waterhole, or, what ls more likely, in the ' underwood.' " ADVENTURES ON A VOYAGE.-The Vernon, 891 tons, Captain Edward Jones, which sailed from Sydney on 1st May, arriveiLat Plymouth 14th Au gust, was thus reported by her captain:-On the 10thof May, in lat. 53 37"S., lung. 155 25 W., the j Vernon fell in with three large icebergs, and con- : stantty passed drift ice and bergs to long, ll 1 37 W. i Large blocks of drift ice could be searcelj- observed i I at night until within a ship's length. In traversing 2000 miles of ocean, 700 i cebera were seen. Many ! were some miles long and 300 feet high. Those first ¡ met were the largest. Cape Horn was rounded on . the 6th of June, On Sunday, 28th Jone, lat. 25 S., . long. 30 W., she got the south-east trades at 3 am. The report of a gun was beard, and when Captain | Jones came on deck he observed a vessel on the star- j board quarter. Thinking she was in distress, bc ! tacked. The stranger rapidly rounded the Vernon, I which then hove to on the port tack. The stranger j often approached within a mile, and at length hove 1 to, hoisted a light at her peak, and lowered a boat, which came alongside, A mad representing himself as an officer of a United Stites' cruiser ' jumped on board and demanded the Vernon's i papers, which were refused, as jthe man was not in uniform, nor had he the appearance or demeanor of a naval cfiber. He wore a short sword, bowie-knife, carried a revolver, and had on a pair of cavalry boote. Un refusal he said his ship would fire into the Vernon. He was thea told that if he did not wish his boat towed underwater he had better shove off. On leaving he repealed his threat of firing; when informed that the Vurnon hove to only becanse the gun was thought to be a token of diätre-ss, he said if she had not they would have fired into her. The boat's crew stated that the American ehip was the Cato, from Valparaiso, four mouths in commis sion. Captain Jones considers that she was a pri vateer. Tile Vernon crossed the line 5th July; an chored at Angra, in Terceira, 2nd Aug, and left on the 4th. The steamer Flora was at the island coal ing. A Federal cruiser was hourly expected there. -Hie Time!. AURORA FLOYD " ix PARIS.-The Paris corres pondent of the TJie Times writes ;-A sensation drama, which is considered, I believe, a success, is now performing every night at the Théâtre du Châteiet. It is founded on the novel of turora Floyd, and is called ZeSceret de Miss Aurore. For obvions reasons our sensation novel?, however meanly they may be thought of by persons of any refinement of taste, were likely to be highly relished hy a large class of French readers. Miss Aurora's Secret, as put upon the Paris stage, seems looked upon as a I very serious end pathetic play, but I suspect that its I effect upon English spectators will be to provoke hearty laughter. They can hardly bs otherwise than immensely diverted ut the French conception of an English country gentleman eating and drinking as hard and as fast as he can put tort and glass to his mouth, uith his f;-.ce within sis inches of his plate, and, while thus devouring, incessantly and unintel ligibly talking. Ile occasionally makes a vwy short break in his epicurean pleasures to address a burst of sentiment to his wife, and when trc-ubfe comes upon him, he sits and whimpers helplessly. Bulstrode, the dashing cavalry officer, is got up to resemble as nearly as possible a distressed tailor, but, as he wear3 moustachios and a bit of variegated riband in the button-hole of his bl ¿ck coat, it is of course im possible not to recognise his profession. The coro ner, a very bald gentleman, with a wonderfully pink scalp, aJid a tippst to his coat, comes in, attended by two policemen, to take Aurora to prison, but he allows himself to be mollified and calls in a -witness, who takes upon himself the office of counsel for the defence, reasons with the coroner, and convinces him that Aurora is innocent and Hargrave guilty. Whereupon Hargrave, who is represented by a bandy-legged giant, with a diseased physi ognomy, intimidates the policeman by the display of a carving- knife, and escapes to the woods, but only to be there tormented by the ghost of James Ccnyers and other apparitions, got up upon the Pepper principle, and which are the most effective things in the play. Much stress is laid in the bills upon what Í3 called a hop-picking festival, which takes place in a sort of forest, amid huge trees, whereon tbe hops may tc supposed to have grown, but, having been gathered, they are of course EO longer seen. The festival consists of a series of dances performed by young ladies in Scotch costume, most of the mea present also having more or less cf tartan ia their attire-it being apparently the conviction of French playwrights that " Ie High lander" is the chitf and predominating ingredient in the population of Great Britain. The part of Aurora is very tolerably filled; thc others are hardly worth criticism. 