PASSAGES FROM -THE DIARY OF A GOVERNESS. In this age, when so much is said about education, it is well to considor where it begins, and what are its purposes. It is wise, also, to ascertain that its hii»h priests and priestesses really understand tho mj'steries they propose to expound. Education, we are told, signifies to" draw out ; but it does much more. Not only must it develop latent powers, but it must, if possible, create new ones, its object being as much the expulsion of evil as tho transfusion of good. It must also repress as well as draw out, correct ing and pruning all exuberances. Whoro there is weakness, it should givestrongth —where too much force, it should tone down to softness. It must inspire the sluggish, curb the enthusiastio, and in fact perform tho wondrous miracles of giving eyes to the blind, and useful bands to the feeble, — thus' really rendering knowledge power. It is true that nei ther education nor circumstances can elevate or reduce all minds to a level. Tako a hundred children, and place them exactly in tho4same social position ; give them the same inducements, the same rewards, the same discouragements, and, in short, every way the same train ing, yet the rosnlt will, in individual cases, be essentially different.; for as varieties in soil create varieties in veget able produce, so do they in tho human garden ; yet surely variety is preferable to sterility. The scale of man consists of many steps tho highest touobes hea ven, partaking of spiritual intelligence, the lowest is rooted in tho earth, and is essentially gross and grovelling. Education has been beautifully -said to be " the agriculture of tho mind." By it tho intellectual germs before unseen are taught to grow, to bud, to flower, and to bring forth fruit j and accordion to the skill and earnestness of the oult' vator, is tho soil mado to bear its full proportion of useful produce, and thus an interchange of value is made available to tho wants of the community. Tho object of all education should be to increase human happiness, temporal and .spiritual ; if it have not thatgreat purpose in view, it must act as a bane instead of a blessing. The educator should, therefore, keep attention steadily fixed upon that end, whilo pupils should bo taught to appreciate and to aid the efforts of their teachers. There is an old, but trite adago, "That one man may lead a horso to the water, but twenty cannot make him drink;" and that whioh is. true of the horso, is true of the student. Tho pure waters of truth .may be presented, and tho sun of genius may Deam ana brighten the durkost places that hide beneath tho stream; but if the refractory child persists in turning away its head, no human effort can force it to receive benefit from tho Waters. Tho first duty that should be incul cated in a child is obedience — as tho first sin was disobedience, suit continues to be to this day the root of every other. Wise, legitimate, and honest rule is the bond which reason gives for tho welfare of society; without it anarohy assumes the place of order ; and the best laws for moral government are overturned by roboUious and ignorant effrontery. Implicit submission must be taught so soon as the baby learns to distinguish looks and tones, and it must be by looks and tones orcZythat it bo .taught. Thcro must be no rough shakings, no starts, no shoutings to terrify and shook the baby learner: all suoh ebullitions must be carefully avoided, for thoy often, produce tho most disastrous effects upon tho in tellectual faculties ; many an organio disease has been so created, and many a! young victim lias sunk into the grave,' tho sacrifice of a nurse's or teaoher's impetuosity. Children first learn to distinguish' jbetween a 'smile and a frown, then to comprehend the intent of words that .soothe, .and those that reprove. There is, therefore, no oocasion to bo rough 'to children,' especially to babies; yet ,ho,w rnay barbarities .are practised upon the . helpless innocents whero the impatient and untraiued aro permitted to manage tho nursery. It is a subject well worthy of tho consideration of mothers, for many a child who came from the hands of nature a porfect work, grows up under unfit direction, warped aod imbeoile, deformed alike in mind and body. Children are often considered fretful and irritable, and most uujustly punished for being so, whon tho fault is entirely organic— and they could no moro con trol their feelings than they could under a surgical knife. A largo development of caution produces a sensitiveness to all sudden noises, which is sometimes treat ed as affectation, but which is, in fact, the evidence of actual pain, and that pain often repeated, or long continued, is very likely to produce disorganisation or paralysis : hence children who aro frightened or hurried into the accom plishment of their lessons, frequently grow up imbeoile or half witted ; and so tar from time being saved by coercive measures, or any good point gained, they are irremediably lost, and the young mind which, undor patient training and gentle nourishment, had expanded into the fulness of beauty, thus electrified and forced, shows promise for a moment, and then withers, ero half its powers have been developed. As tho intellect expands, the reason must bo taught to understand, and to confirm tho value of that which was at first purely mechanical. Thus the child goes on to oboy, not becauso it must, but because it is for its comfort and welfare so to do. If terror usurp the place of reason, the child becomes a deceiver, and the perceptions of ri<ht and wrong aro utterly confounded. Lot none, then, despise the teaching of the cradle, tor tares are too often sown there that no after care can totally eradicate. Suoh aro the superstitions and fears of darkness, ghosts, and witches, which are so often imbibed in child hood from ignorant nurses, who, regard less of all save their own case, so fre quently work on tho terrors of thoir young oharges, to procure for themselves a relief from fatigue or duty.. IIow often aro children frightened into obe dience by the threat of the "Bugaboo!" or " Booman !" an ideal in which many heroes, from Julius Caesar down to Na poleon, have propably figured. The fear of supernatural visitors is not, however, inouleated only byithoso whose wilfully mislead. It is more fre quently instilled by those who ignorant- ly share the belief which they teach ; and through, their influonoo in early years, many otherwise higbly-gifted and strongly-minded persons are upon this point weak as infancy. Warriors, divines, and legislators havo alike shared this in firmity ; and thenoe it has been argued that such is indigenous to the mind, — but it is moro propable that it has its sourco in improper infant training. The names of J ohnson, Byron, and Napoleon are coupled with aneodotesof superstition, and the "Deraonology" of Scott exhibits vividly his early bias, for amongst a cloud of reasoning, he uttempts to de monstrate that he was himself a " 6eer," an obligation whioh, if not phrenologi- oally or physically to be accounted for, he probably owed to a Highland nurse, for it is amongst the children of tho mist and the mountain, that tho vision and the sprite are most palpably manifested. An instance from the " Green Isle," that came within my own knowledge. was ofa gentleman, ofconsiderable talent, who never could bo prevailed on to re main alone in the dark. Ho used by daylight to laugh at his own fears, yet he avowed that he felt the power of early impressions to be irrepressible. He was a man of considerable learning, yet a firm believer in witchcraft, the evil eye, and tho presence of unseen spirits. Recently, our family was alarmed by tho outcries of an Irish servant, who de clared that a ghost was walking round her room and shaking her window; nor could she bo induced to remain in the house, although convinced that it was but the wind which had broken her slum bers. She admitted that she was very simple to be so easily alarmed, but de clared that sho had been so often told about goblins that sho should never be able able to conquer her terrors. Suoh is tho painful result of terrifying children: a contrary instance may be mentioned in a little girl whoso infancy was so jealous ly guarded that sho literally never heard of a ghost till she was seven years old, and then sho received tho intimation of thoir supposed existence with asupretae contempt and unbelief worthy of much riper years. Tho fearful tragedy that was enacted m London, some few years baok, may bo in the memory of may: — as tho warning. However, can never bo too frequently applied, I give it for the benefit of mothers. A nurse, who, in tho absenoo of her employers, wished to entertain a party of friends, ensured the uninter rupted quiet of her evening by putting her charge (a sweet boy and girl, both under five years of.age) to bed, with the assurance that if they stirred, the ghost would come : and tako them. The better to secure obedienco, the wretch had tho barbarity to plaeo a dressed figure of ghastly appearance within the curtains ut the foot of their bed, so that at the least motion, the night-lamp might glare 'upon the fearful apparition. What were the sufferings of those helpless in fants whilo their cruel tyrant was oarousing with her companions, I leave the reader to imagine. That their agony was intense oannot be doubted. The night passed on— no sound dis turbed the unhallowed revelry. The parents returned— the mother asked after her children : the hypocrite nurse deolared that they had passed "a quiet evening/'— were "well and happy." The supple deceiver spoke truly — their chamber was quiet as tho grave. Tho mother flew to impress her fond good- pight on their cherub lips. Sho was by their sido beforo the guilty one could re move the forgotten cvidenoo of her crime, end she Eoheld, erect and gaunt, the' hideous instrument of terror on which: her ohildrcn gazed with starting nerves and glaring eyeballs ! The gasping mother clasped, and would have, soothed them, but the hands of her dead girl fell stark and cold upon the parental breast! Hie wail of an idiot alono replied from tho blue lips of her late blooming boy ! Madness seized on the distracted parent, and soon the maniao mother laid down her broken heart beside her sacrificed ohildren. 