news -ss roOTs. BY A SYDNEY MAN. Ct. LI 11. September 14. The Clarence has played some vagaries. At first she was to sail for Brisbane on Friday, at 5 p.m. next on Saturday, at 8 p.m. next on Sunday, at 10 a.m.; ant. now the arrangement stands for Monday, at 5 pm. This apparent fickleness, however, house from good native., since the object of the A.S.N. Company is to supply you with the English July mail, which will no doubt come duly to hand on Wednesday evening. It is full of interest. Abraham Lincoln's policy of " pegging away at the South, notwithstanding occasional reverses, seems likely to be attended with ultimate success.' Napoleon the Third appears to be on the point of attempting a further weakening of Russia, and Great Britain stands a fair chance of once more drifting into war. All those matters, however, it will he your province to deal with. Out- parliamentary intelligence is not worth the occupation of much space. A debate has been commenced, and stands adjourned till Wednesday. on the financial policy of the government. Mr Engine is the mover, and he made a very lame case of it, which Mr. Cowper answered in an off-hand, devil may-carish manner? his speech containing very little substance, line being at the same time very effective. I anticipate another success for the government on this occasion, but the cry for a dissolution of the Assembly is now becoming general, and perhaps the very best thing Mr. Cowper could do to renovate his popularity would be to yield to the demand. The subject of scab in sheep is still attract ing attention. At a large meeting at Mort's rooms opinion was, by a large majority, favor- able to curative measures, and the Assembly has, since then, endorsed that opinion. Mr. Morris, the member for Balranald, hus a bill passing through the house with the object of suspending the destruction clauses of the existing not. Your gallant volunteers for New Zealand arrived here by the Clarence, and were duly shipped on board the t import ship Charlotte Andrews, for Auckland. They will have plenty of jolly comrades. The service has been particularly attractive in Victoria. Our Assembly has passed a resolution calling upon the government to despatch every available man to the help of our countrymen so it is probable that a detachment of nearly a hundred of the 99th regiment, who arrived here on Saturday from England, will be sent. Our latest intelligence from Auckland, is to September 1st, and, in order to save you time, trouble, and space, I give you three short extracts from the letters of correspondents at " the front," from which you will be able to gather the state of affairs. Writing from Drury, one correspondent says "To day (Tuesday) at about 11 o'clock, a.m., two men who were engaged felling timber for the purpose of clearing the bush from the Great South Road, observed several Maories passing through the bush to the rear, and making towards the working party of the their regiment, at the bend of the road on the right beyond the camp at Williamson's clearing. The bush at this place, comes but towards the line of road in a sharp corner, and was at. all times in locality where an ambush could be easily laid. The two bushmen referred to threw down their axes and ran to the road, for the purpose of apprising the escort, who was then coming up the line from Drury. The natives fired between twenty and thirty shots at them, but without effect. The bushmen made their way good, and reported the circumstance to the officer in command of the escort who ordered an i in med into advance," " The Maoris, in the mountains, went straight to that part of the road where the arms of the working party of the loth local men were piled and the escort arrived just in time to see the natives carry off twenty three stand of units. The escort fired into the retreating party, killing two of the Jtiinris; a third was shot by a soldier, through the exertions of a dog of the bloodhound breed, which belongs to one of the bush party, and which arrested the Maori, pulling him to the ground, and rendering it impossible for him to get away before the escort came up, when one of them shot him. The body of Ibisnnlivo was lying on the roadside shortly after the affair; the remaining corpses of the enemy were lying where they fell off the highway a considerable distance, "The enemy returned the fire of the escort, wounding private Laurence Clover, 18th Regiment, Royal Irish, severely in the leg. "The Maoris, in going up to the pile of arlin, it appears took possession, firing a volley at the working party of the 99th regiment, killing two men on the spot. One of these is private Given, 40th regiment, and another is a private of the name regiment, whose name I could not ascertain (lively joined the corps in Melbourne. He had two bullet wounds on his body? one through the breast, and another through the thigh. The second of our killed was shot in the breast. " It seems that no Commissioned officer was with the working party of the 40th, although it consisted, I hear, of' twenty-four men ; but doubtless this circumstance will be carefully inquired into by the proper ntllhoiHi.u. desire lAInories made good their retreat into the bush, on the westward of the line of road, but encountered the (are from a party of bushmen, deeper in the forest than the men of the North, who had been warned of their danger by the firing around them AV bother any office Jlaorics then fell is not known." On the 28th another writer says ;?" News from the front reached here yesterday that one of pm-A.'MStrnnt; guns has at last got a, proper range towards the Morumoro fortifica- tions. A shell was thrown from it with great captaincy right on to the centre of the inquiry's stronghold, amongst a crowd of Maori's. This constitutes our success, certainly an important one, but the effects of it seem to dispose our enemy either to abandon Jloro more altogether, or at least not to stake everything on its defence. This tendency was shown by large bodies of Maories having been seen leaving for the ranges towards Puparata. It is just possible that this movement may have been caused by something clap, of,, our forest ranging expedition towards Puparata. Our tracks on the soft ground must have given the Maories good idea of our numbers, and this move from Jlercmeru may be one intended simply to guard their right flank towards Puparata. By the Institcpouiifs 1200 men are reported to be at JIo.(iu.e.|i. Ap4 firstly, on the 81st August;?"Jlr, Scott, of Pukekohe, whom I informed you in my last had been shot by the Maories, has been brought in, and has gone to town. The case was as follows His son, as time' before the attack, had to leave (him. and) advised his going a. the church (who stockade). which he promised to do, and was soon after getting on his horse, when he saw four Maories, who fired at him from fifteen to twenty yards distance, and then ran away. One hull took effect in his log. He managed to crawl into the next house, and there be lay from two o'clock until the next night, when the party coming home discovered him, and at once went for assistance. Sergeant Pair, with a party of the Pukekohe volunteers, immediately scoured the bush in the vicinity, but not a Maori could be seen. All this bush up to the Mauliu retires keeping clear of these treacherous murderers, and I trust our various bush corps will be active at their work. I say our various bush corps, for _ would not have it thought that the? Forrest Rangers " are the only body of men doing such work, although I believe they are the only body receiving such pay." ' , . This is about all. The British government, we learn, do intend to send another regiment of the line and two regiments of Sikhs from India. An old.] Indian officer tells me that the Giiorkaa would be far more suitable for the service than Sikhs. However, if General Cameron gets these reiuforceiiiuiits, he will soon attempt an advance. The Committee of Elections as J Qualifica- tions have presented a report to the Assembly, to the effect that Mr. It, Forster, member for New England, has rendered himself liable to have his seat in the Assembly declared vacant, for accepting certain odd legal jobs from the government, and that Mr. W.m. Love, member for West Sydney, was liable to be disqualified, because when elected, three years ago, he was nominally acting as post- master at Redfern, that office having been held by an insolvent to whose estate be was creditor-trustee. This is drawing it very fine; but it is not at all likely that the Assembly will endorse the last recommends The bushrangers appear to be rather quiet. If all reports are to he believed, Gilbert has been hard run, yetta report has just been received to the effect that several police horses had been stolen while the riders were " stretch- ing their legs at a roadside inn. I purpose to out this very short, as you have all the English news; but I must say one word about "the ghost menu the Victoria Theatre ghost, for the ghost at the other house is a bit of a humbug. Issue, that the Ruy. Mr. Moreton, in one of this day's papers, protest against the pugilistic ghost, and I think he is right. However, it is with the serious ghost that I have to deal. " Monk" Lewis' old play of the "Castle Spectre" was produced at the Victoria for the purpose of introducing Professor Pepper's "patent ghost," and very effective, ghastly, and appalling it was. The best representation was in the second act, where Angela, recognising the spirit of her mother, seeks to embrace it. You see the figure and dress of Angela through the imposing form of the ghost, and when at last Angola sinks to the ground, the spectre stoops over her, the drapery of the ghost mingles with Angela's garments, and finally the spirit is gone. Of course I cannot tell your readers how this is done, but may give some idea of the principle. The spectre is no doubt the shadow of a real figure which is concealed from the audience, and a reflec- tion is produced by means of a camera and lens. Suppose, for instance, there could be an invention whereby a photograph could be represented upon the air, like a rainbow, just as the likeness is now cast upon a plate or card. In this way the thing may be very faintly understood, At all events, the representation has been very effective, and the sudden appearances and vanishing of the " ghost" particularly startling. The cause of the comparative failure at the Prince of Wales Theatre is that a Mr. Pitt, agent, or pupil of Professor Pepper, manages the ghost at the Victoria, while at the other house the effect is sought to he produced by amateurs who, though understanding the principle, do not appear to he quite up to the practice. The Confederate steamer Alabama is almost ubiquitous. Hor M. S. Curacoa arrived here yesterday from England, via the Cape, and in a Cape paper of the 29th July appears the following:? Captain G all, of the schooner Rover, from Wnlwiali Bay to this port, reported on his arrival in Table Bay yesterday, that he was overhauled and boarded on Monday by the Confederate privateer Alabama. The following particulars are supplied to us by Captain Craig and Mr. Terry, passenger by the Rover Yesterday morning (Monday, 27th July), while we were NYNGAN., about 18 miles from Green Point, we saw a vessel lying to under close-reefed topsails. About ten or eleven o'clock she came running down upon us under sail, before the wind side find a blue ensign flying the same as a man-of-war's? and we supposed that it was one of the cruisers from her Mngusty's Naval Station on the coast. She hauled the ensign down, however, and hoisted Marryatt's signal to us to heave to, as she wanted to send a boat aboard, We did so, and waited. When she came close down to us the vessel hauled to and ran up the Confederate flag. She then sent a boat, containing an officer and four men (all armed), who came on board the Rover. The officer, a very gentlemanly-looking individual, told us he came from the Coiifodorntnsteamer Alabama, and asked where we were from and where going to; whether we had seen any American vessels about; and whether we know there were any in Table Bay. We told him we did not know, as we had been away for some weeks. He then asked about AVal wich Bay and the landing accommodation there and about Saldanha Bay. We reported having seen a steamer a few days before (one of Commodore Osborne's flout, probably the Kwnntting), and the officer was very anxious to know what build she was, and what like. The crew were a (decent lot of men, like interesting Simmons, and were conversing with the Rover's crow about AVnlwich Hay; they seemed aware of the fighting between the Damara, and Hottentots, and we suppose they must have touched at AValwich Bay since we left there The officer on leaving us niiftlflglsed for stopping the Rover, remarking. ' we don't know who to trust. They then left us, and returned on board the Alabama, and she started off, going for about two hours h. a suutl^cil-.iui'ly direction. Just at noon yyy Iinji a fog, which lasted for some time, and when it cleared off we saw the same vessel for half an hour or so on the horizon, steering in the west. The Alabama was a fine-looking vessel, bark rigged, apparently of iron or iron-plated. We could see she had three runs on each side, and they seemed, to be of heavy metal. Sale had her screw lifted out of Hip water, and was under sail at the time we saw her. She had a look-out stationed on the main-top. There was staging hanging by her sides, where men were at work scraping, painting, or cleaning. Captain Boyce, of the Atlas, which arrival! in Table Bay yesterday morning, also reports having soon a vessel on Monday afternoon, which he supposed to be the Alabama. She was bark- rigged, under two topsails and fore topmast staysail, and evidently dodging I'bot,!,^'" 'Idle Curacoa,, as you are aware, is the flag- ship for this station, in place of the unfortunate Orpheus. The ship carries 211 guns, and the Commodore is Sir W. \Visginnn, bart. Tun £2000 Match. To King and Jack IIbknah. ? The ceremony of depositing another £20 note aside (in this match took place on 'I'luirsdnya July 15, at the Rose and Tbjqtlc, Camberwell, The great feature of the evening was the appearance of the candidates themselves, it being the second time they have met at a deposit-meeting. On the arrival of the Boy," a tremendous shout arose, which was actually outdone when " Your-; Tam" showed his front. AVbeii Heenan and King exchanged compliments, a loud cheer, was given for each, and their healths were drunk with enthusiasm, cheering. returned thanks, and alluded to the great kindness he had received since his arrival in England. Tom JCliifi responded modestly and becomingly. He' said he would make no boast, bin he had his own opinion of the issue of his contest with Hanlin. The public, and his backers might, however, be assured that the match would be conducted honestly, and that he should use his best endeavours (to carry out the wishes of his frioiiu*.,s_. Mr. Kinglake is properly a fourth edition of the History of the invasion of the Crime..;" to this he is adding fresh notes, and is fortifying hisstatuniuiits with documentary proofs, line has neither added to nor withdrawn a word of the text, it is rumored that up wards of 12,000 copies have already been sold. Di:.v_'il ok Test Paooo-K.?This well known pugilist died on June HO from disease of the heart. The last time he appeared in the ring was in a contest with Hurst for the championship, when be suffered indefinite. A woman, sailing herself the Female 1 Blondin," fell fronting rope in Aston park, Vii.'- | mingham,' on July 20, suspended Ul) .V""',g above the greensward, and was k)!1-*, ?'? t\lQ spot, spirits; being lu-Ui'.?n_ous. The poor creature had been engaged to go through her partisans performance on the occasion of after held in the park, in aid of the funds of the Order of Foresters., and there were many thousands of persons present, The woman, who was a native of Birmingham, was far advanced in pregnancy, and her husband, who was present superintended the operations. The rope gave way at a, place 