CHURCH OF Elf OLA VJ) MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The ninth annual meeting of this society was held in St. George's-hall last evening. There was a very large attendance, the ball having been well filled. His Excellencey Sir Charles Darling presided, and amongst those on the platform were Judge Molesworth, the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the Rev. B. B. Dickinson, the Rev. G. P. D spared, the Rev. W. Chalmers, the Rev. H. P. Handfield, the Rev. M. H Becher, &c.; Sir CHARLES DULLING, in opening the proceedings, observed that, having gladly accepted the invitation of the board of management of the society to occupy the chair that evening, it became his duty to inform those present formally that the meeting was convened in the usual way for the purpose of hearing the report of the proceedings of the society during the past year, of rec, giving a statement as to its funds, of electing the office-bearers for the year, and of adopting such resolutions as might be called for. It was very gratifying to him to be able to acquaint them with the fact that the proceedings of the evening would carry with them greater interest from the circumstance that four ministers of the Gospel who had themselves been engaged in the missionary field would speak to the resolutions. These gentlemen had borne somewhat of the best and harden off the day they knew what missionary labour was in reality, they had become acquainted with the moral and physical difficulties which the missionary had to overcome, and he had little doubt that what they had to say would prove most interesting to all present. Having thus stated the objects of the meeting, he might be permitted for himself simply to say that he found himself for the first time practically connected with the society, and in accordance with the invitation he had received he appeared that night to tend to the society the influence which was presumed to attach to the high office which he had the honour to fill. (Hear, hear.' He had had but little limit to make himself acquainted with the past proceedings of the society, hot there were two points in the report which struck him with very opposite feelings. One was the limited amount of pecuniary support extended to the society and the other was that in applying them an at their command they had vis ly tried out; to convert the heathen within their own territorial limits, instead of entering upon wider efforts in other parts of the world. In adverted to that point especially because I was within his own knowledge that other so cities had failed in tbeirefforts chiefly through! adopting a different com- se; and he was speaking from his own experience in a Governor of British colonies for sixteen year when he said that missionary efforts just when about to be crowned with success has failed through the means which should have supported them being divert d to other objects. He would also express his regret ton so little practical good had hitherto been accomplished by the society. He did he advert to that for this purpose of creating feeling of despair. They should not be discouraged by disa pointment and difficulty and it was the duty of each of them, and of each association, to persevere and work on the prosecution of the object which they o end in view. Faith and perseverance was the fine motto of every such association, an the members of them should await with p; thence the great result, satisfied that, if he within their own generation, or four hundred of generations to come, the time would arrive when the object for which they laboured would be accomplished ; when the spirit the true Christian shall cover the earth, as in the words of the great missionary bishop " Shall, like a sea of glory, Spread from pole to pole." It was in that spirit that they should apply themselves to the business of the night. I) would now call upon the secretary to read the report. (Cheers.) The SECRETARY (the Rev. R B. Dickinson then read the annual report, from which it appeared that the mission to the Chinese the Ovens district had been progressing with some success, and that two Chinese had no been converted by their missionaries. The was every likelihood, too, of still further 66 case. It was to be regretted that the funds the society had not been so well supp] mented m in the past year ; but that might partly be attributed to the long illness of a secretary, who had been unable to exert himself in the matter for many months. SJI 200 copies of Chalmers's Chinese and Eng- Dictionary had been received; and the together with Bibles and Testament were being circulated among the 61 rise. To strengthen the hands of t sOciety pecuniarily it was intended to form ladies' committee, and jim rule as dations, and collecting cards were to be set out in districts in which the local clergy did not object to such a course, it was no hoped that someone would be preached in a different pulpit", as if commended in a bishop's pastoral letter of last year. T mission to the aborigines had also been pi gressing satisfactorily ; but as that was under the control of a committee- apart from t society, it was not desirable to anticipate a report of that committee. There was a this class of idolators, the MHjnoaian->, or habitants of the south-western islands the Pacific, to whose spiritual wants acts tion was also being given. The board management desired to have the special operation of the parochial clergy, as Well of every zealous member of the church, carrying out the objects of the society. Th were other and more general portions of a report which were not read, the secrets stating that it would he afterwards print and circulated. The TREASURER then stated, in gent terms, the pecuniary position of the 'acre The amount collected, he said, had for past year falls short of that in they preceding. The whole amount was £292 J 1d., of which £07 Is. Id. have been remitted various societies, balances due to them for the previous year. The actual position of society, after all liabilities were discharged was that there would be a small balance £27 in band. They were not, therefore, debt for the present year; but while that i Balls factory, the fact showed also that less we must have been done than in previous year and that circumstance was not creditable those who took an interest in the associate He sincerely trusted that the effect of the sort meeting would be to give the charity a better idea of the manner in which I should discharge the duty devolving u them. The Rev. W. CHALMERS, formerly a i Bioniry in Borneo, moved the first resolution which was as follows: "That the thanks of this meeting he go to the Rev. G. P. Despard for preaching anniversary sermon; that the report adopted and printed and that the follow officers be appointed Board of manager -Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, Mr James Moore, A. G. Dumas', Mr. H. C. Evans, Mr. E. Ed Mrs. Jennings, Mr. E.King, Mr. W. Le Mr. J. Smith. Mr. W. C. Shaw, Mr J. Scott Mr. J. C. Walter, and all the clergymen ' are members of the society and that the treasurer by Mr. J. Spowers, and the 1 secretary the Rev. B. B. Dickinson." The rev. gentleman then went on to deal at length the labours of the missionaries Borneo, and their results up to the pre time. He also entered somewhat mine into the characteristics of the three r who inhabit Borneo-the Chinese, the Mai and the Dyaks, the aborigines and d particularly on the peculiarities and en Stations of the litter. Religion they might said to have none ; or, if they had any at it took the shape of a belief in ghosts, of the dread of whose presence they labor day and night. They had also supersede with regard to birds, and they had done: them a tradition of the fall of man not t gf thor dissimilar to that found in the t of Genesis. In Borneo, as elsewhere, the greens of the missionary had been sphere slow at first; but it was now progressing i favourably. The rev. gentleman comes with an appeal to the meeting on beba the society, and expressed a hope that contributions to its funds would be greatly; creased in the year to come. Mr. Justice MOLESWORTH seconded the i Kittson and in doing so, took occasion; point out the importance of the object was the society had in view. There could be doubt that the association had a good Bel work upon, both as regarded the alm If and the Chinese, and the latter has the offered special facilities to the mission inasmuch as they w, as capable of instruct and had no great religious prejudices to e come. The motion was then put and can red or mously. The Rev. G. P. DESPARD. formerly a sionary in Patagonia, moved the next row tion : "That this meeting desires to expres sympathy with all who are endeavour!! spread the Christian faith in heathen le I and especially with the missionaries of their own church' and nation." The rev. gentleman then entered at great length into a series of minute details r. carding the moral and physical condition of the inhabitants of Patagonia and Terra del Fuego, and the progress of missionary labour amongst the ii rmer. He had himself been engaged as a missionary in Patagonia for five years, and something had been accomplished for the cause in that time. The rev. gentleman also gave occasional specimens of the language spoken by the Patagonians, and the people of Terra del Fuego, with translations for the information of those present. The Very Rev. Dean MACARTNEY seconded the motion. He had very great pleasure in doing so ; but, as they had those present who had been actual labourers in the missionary field, and who could give the results of experience, he would not take up their time, but would content himself with express- ing the hope that in future the society would be able to do much more than it had done in the past. (Cheers ) The motion was adopted unanimously. A collection was then taken in aid of the funds of the association ; after which, other gentlemen amongst them the Rev. - Pyne, a missionary from Canada, and the Rev. - Wilkinson, a missionary from North India addressed the meeting. The proceedings lasted till a late hour, and terminated with a cordial vote of thanks to the Governor. 