'? ?; it'MINJNQ^INTBLLTjGf^pfe;' r ??'??'' ''''' '' — ««=? '':'...' .'.'.!? QOLD O^ GtfUNYAH CRBEK.-^A.Sm*H^but T«|t y ?- encoarftffing, proijpeot of gol4(iiT^»,foHQ^ lftsi 1 ?weekf|-iff' -'/!iK^fc' within a ^t^.'diftapee.of.! Gounyari itTroeS, - iealiaing abpi^ .two flT^s. i to ?'- four i'ueke^'j of stuff. On Sunfejast Mr.! Woodman, ,o)F this town, washed .out a pan - partly filled with earth, from a tfeigbbouring shaft,, and procured half-a- penDy^pigl^'of gold, i^6rne of Whicb! wfl» scaly and tbei.otuer. portion very nice snotty. .pieces. Taet.gWftmjnKqpwn as Qqtfr-y»b Oreek is at its r^s&'paijeji Nananoa and durihgitg tortuous route ajgiimes the rfame of Murrumba^efrjian. It w^l. p^bably be re collected tbat^prap eighteen rnojithk ago, small portidn'k of 'goljj \ ,were found on ,.the , #ankp o Nanapia, and ttiefsample whiclji |MrJ.!v^pqdman has fo'uhd r^mpds'us forcibly of, .tbja, specimens which had been previously exhibited. Looking at the .specimen^ shown as we, are induced to think thit ihe- olebris with whicb the gold is intermfxed is indicative of the injatrix being widely diatributed in the neighbourhood, and that from trie' small facts, whic^i have, come undtfr piiir dbaervafion it woulcQty/ worth, w^ile for p'ra^tioar gold diggers to, tu?n their atten tion totiiitpart.of the country .-r; Yfn'-s. Courier . WbjsWobth piGGHKQS. — There has been qijiite astiri.her.eVUbm|--the last few days. §tevyart and ^tybaye: struck the veib, anfl it lopks ek tremely we'll. I have just seen aboiit 5 ozs., ob tained from a Sish of stuff, the Vjein, is wide j the party inteiia. bpisting the flag .shortly. .,, 3?he Homeward Bound is washing 22, loads of staff the producb of the new shaft, 25,lbsl.;\jr«re ob tained, prior to w;ashiDg ; 43 lbs. h$w&. been cleaiiett 011*1 (to the present, and about 40 I08!* more is yet, uncleaned in the quicksilver; or making over lOQ lbs., weight of.goidito,25J loads of stuff! ihe. ifncle Tom is much' troubled with water. The Perseverance is getting: 'up some 'splendid looking stone. The Pbceniix Company has commenced work with the engine, and nas! alfeady pumped the water out. and yf\\\\\ soon be. ''rals'iug.'.ore. M'Namara's .Claim; is spoken highly of. The Industry Rewarded ha!s not yet succeeded in finding the vein.. Mr. Bowes 8narebroker, -quotes shares as follows :— Homeward Bound ^£1000; M'2Sr,a.mara's £750; Uncle Tom £600; Perseverance £500 -,.. Spicer's £300; Pboj^iix £100.— Cor. Bathurst limes. Victoria Theatre. — On Saturday § haks peare*s tragbdy of Macbeth was produced at this theatre, illustrated in the banquet and caldron scenes by .the optical discovery which' has created so much sensation both in England and this part of iht world. The part of Macbeth was assumed by Mr. Warner, with a dramatic power which confirms us in our opinion that this gentleman may, if he chooses, attain a very high place in his profession. He has a magnificent voice, a commanding presence his elocution, is good and his action appropriate ; whether those advantages are to be turned to the best possible account must of course depend upon himself, but we are convinced that he possesses the power if be only has the will to become oneiof our best living, actors. It would be foolish to assert that his Macbeth is a perfect realisation of Shaks peare's wonderful' picture of man's gradual descent in guilt from the first whisperings of temptation to the final consummation of crime, of the remorse, too often unaccompanied by repentance that is its constant attendant, and of the punishment that in evitably follows it sopner or later, ,b.ut ,it was an in telligent and striking .performance, .creditable to. the artist and 'deservedly, appreciated by the public. Mrs. Poole's Lady Macbeth was artistically an 'J evenly played, 'but a little more energy and fire would not nave detracted from tlie;merit of the per formance. Mr. Appleton is always pains-taking and careful, facts to which he ..owes -the steady .pro gress he has made since he has been in Sydney, but he has still many- faults and manerisms to overcome before he attains that position on the stage towards which he is progressing. His Banquo, if not so good 'as it'might have been, bore evidence of the care he h d taken in studying the parfand entitles him to the favQurable; consideration of the public. The music usually introduced in this tragedy was performed, Madame Sara Flower, who. was greeted with repeated rouflds of' applause, appearing in the part of Hecate. There can be but one opinion of the merit of Locke's, or rather PurceH's Macbeth music, rut we have very grave doubts whether its introduction into the tragedy is _an improvement. Leaving the poetry of the drama out of the ques tion, we hold that, Shakspeare knew a good; deal ' more of what was necessary for the action of the drama than either Locke (Purcel!) or Davenant,.the author of the doggrel put into theimouth of:the singing witches, arid the representation, of the tragedy at Sadler's Wells some years ago with the omission of the music, was, in our opinion, a very great improvement. The singing witches are an interpolation which we look upon as a positive de formity, interrupting the action of the. piece with which they have nothing whatever to do; it would be just as cons'stent to introduce in Hamlet a scene of the ship which took him to England :with chorus of sailors and a hornpipe on the deck. On Wed nesday evening a variety of entertainments .Were Igiven for the benefit of Mr. Pitt, whose skill in producing the optical illusion of trie: Ghost has so well entitled him to the patronage of the public, but the house was not ,bo full as we should have liked to see it. The,' Mistletoe Bough, a perfor jmance of tableaux vivants by Herr Cushla^ and the Maid of Croissy formed the evening's .entertain-' ments, in the latter of ^hich Miss Anna Howard made her debut in Sydney in the character of I'he'rese. On Thursday' night Mr. Bushell, pro fessor of electro biology, made his appearance in Sydney after. im'ab-.euce of some years. He went through a'series o|' extraordinary experimeirs, some of them of a, most amusing deecription, ^electing his' 'sTiVjeb:.^ indiacriminately from: the audience. 'Pio.re-aorf' Bushell exhibited; singular skill in his ' in.'iiiipulation of those who came within the ii flWeiice ot '' his magic power, and the wbo'e peiloruiahce is oueo! a highly interesting and amusing characer. ' j 1 