i SEWS- AHB BOTES. J Our readers wül be somewhat surprised to learn that the branch mail steamer, with the Joly English mails, arrived at Glenelg on Tuesday evening. Some defect in Hie telegraph line beyond Guichen. Bay prevented the news being forwarded until yes terday afternoon, bat communication was Chen only kept open for a few minutes. Up to an early hoax this morning communication had. not been reopened, and ire cannot say when our telegraphic summary is likely to reach us. As soon as the newB'arrives a second edition ot the Star will be published. In another part of the paper we give some important American news brought by the Suffolk, which vessel left Plymouth on the 28th June, having our new Governor, Sir Charles Darling, on beard. The particulars of the Governor's reception will be found elsewhere. We have once or twice called attention to the doings of the telegraph department, and we have not oared to notice many errors and omissions which have come to oar knowledge. The following omis sion is, however, worthy of special mention, as show ing how little reliance can be placed on shipping telegrams. The Alhambra steamer arrived in Hob son's Bay at 7.30 on Tuesday morning, and hex arrival was not telegraphed to Ballarat at all. The first intelligence we had of the Alhambra's arrival was obtained from the Dunedin papen, as we learned from them that the summary of intelligence up ta the 31et August had been despatched by that vessel As the steamer brought a large number of passengers, the neglect to telegraph her arrival may possibly have been of'serious consequence. On Tuesday, as a dray belonging to Mr Boberl Dann was on its way into Ballarat laden with severa] casks of whiskey from Warrenheip, it got upset on the road. A revenue officer, who was riding on th« dray on the top of a barrel, was thrown out and has a narrow escape from the barrels of liquor falling upon him. As it wac, his clothes were mach thc worse for the fall. At the meeting of the Torf Club stewards, 01 Tuesday evening, it was resolved to request Mi Kelly to sell by auction, in front of Craig's Boya Hotel, on Thursday, the 17th, the refreshment por tion of the Grand Stand and the booths, the booth holders to have the privilege of erecting stands oven their booths, to be approved of by an architect se lected by the stewards. It was also determined to re serve the upper portion of the grand stand and th saddling paddock for the benefit of the fonds of th club, and the charges to be £1 ls for admission ti the stand and saddling paddock the day of th champion race, and on the second and third dayl racing haifa guinea. No person will be admitted t the saddling paddock unless he has a ticket for th grand stand. It was also resolved that the gates b disposed of by auction on Saturday, the 26th, at tw o'clock. The weights for the handicap will be de clared in our issne oi Saturday in accordance wit the conditions of the race. A meeting of the ratepayers of the Ballarat Dit trict Road Board will be held at four o'clock thi afternoon, at the Two Bridges Hotel, Borrnmbee to take into consideration the proposed snbdivisio of the Boad Board district into wards. The annnal value of lands and tenements, as pi valuator's return, after reductions on appeals, withi the Western Municipality, is set down at £102,43 1 ls, on which a rate of 2s in the pound bas bee strack, sixpence of which amount is for watt supply purposes. The cattle yards of the Western Council are no nearly completed. The cost has been £1827 18s 6 Several persons have applied for a lease of a piece < ground near the yards for the purpose of erecting public house thereon. Mr Morrell, of Grenville street, writes to say tb: it was James Morgan and not James Morrell, wt was fined for drunkenness at the District Folii Court on Tuesday. Probably our reporter misunde stood the name when it was called oat by the Cou constable. At the quarterly meeting of the Western Fi Brigade on Wednesday, a complimentary addrei very neatly got up, was presented to ex-iieatena M'Farlane, previous to bia departure for New Ze land. Thc claim of the Noah's Ark Company, Smythe I dale, on Tuesday last yielded the shareholders a fi nugget,' weighing sixty-eight ounces, and two penn I weigbtB. It was purchased by the Bank of At j trala8ia. i Mr Smyth, landlord of the Two Bridges Hotel, a j Len is his servant, "having so far recovered from t wounds they received some time ago as to be able ! give evidence against the ruffians who assanlt them, the case was heard before the Learmoa Bench on Monday, and the two accused commit! for trial. The particulars will be found ia anotl column. At the Police Court, Creswick, on Wednesday Josef Jacinto Rodriguez, a Portuguese miner at Mopoke, was brought before Mr Dowling, P. M. charged with lunacy. From the evidence it ap- peared that the prisoner having exhibited decided symptoms of insanity, was brought by his friends to the lock-up on Tuesday night. Dr Roche deposed that he found the prisoner to be suffering from mania, which he believed to result from chronic cerebral disease. He had no doubt the present attack was caused by exposure to the cold, wet, and bard work. The prisoner was remanded till Thurs day for the attendance of a second medical man. Mr W. B. Ochiltree, J.P., attended at the Western lock-up on Wednesday morning, and fined an woman named Sheahen Ss for drunkenness. A meeting of the committee appointed to mi arrangements for the complimentary banquet to Clissold, P.M., was held in Craig's Royal Hotel Wednesday. The printing of tickets was provi for, and some other business transacted of a pm private nature. A meeting of the members of the Wendoi Cricket Club will be held at Lester's Hotel at ei o'clock this evening. Mr Merson, at one time a resident in Ballarat, livered a lecture last evening at the Tempers Hall, on " Recbabitism; its claims upon all Tei tailers." He stated the cardinal principle of te> talism and the basis of Rehabitism to be the that alcohol in all ita shapes ia a poison, and tu I fore that intoxicating drinks are injurions to fae: and Ufe. We do not know what claims Mr Mei sets up to be an authority in the law of life a: rance societies, but if we understood him corre I last night he made a startling assertion. Advert ] to the organisation of the " Temperance Life Ai rance Society" he said it had two departments, for teetotallers and one for moderate drinkers, that the former paid a bonus of 19 per cent, lat But be added that all life assurance Booie recognised the evil of intemperance, and i man got drunk his policy would be* vitia his own or his heir's claims under the po could be successfully resisted. If this be so infer, from the paucity of disputes of the sor question, either that policy-holders are wonderfi sober people, or that the societies who assure do posteas an effective policy. The lecturer, in an mated address, condemned distillers and pablii j and " the traffic," and bladed Rechabitism, the 1 aa the peat, the other as the boon of the niñeta i century. The Theatre Royal Ghost continues to startle nightly audiences, the effects produced being rc ! most unearthly. The " Bleeding Nun " is a dr full of " thrilling incidents " apart from the gi and the conjunction therefore makes the piece in the " sensational." This evening the drama be repeated, followed by the * Irish Emigrant,'' ? Mr Sheil Barry. ' We learn from the Argus that eight hundred n bers of the Melbourne volunteer corps assemble the Exhibition building on Tuesday evening i the occasion of the presentation to Colonel Fit the sword subscribed for by the force when he its command for active service in New Zealand, presentation was made by Brigadier-General Cl The men greeted their old commander with v applause. Colonel Anderson addressed the men i the subject of the future of the force, and mor pecially in explanation of the sew regulations, his remarks he dwelt upon the inefficiency an convenience of the militia system, and advised players to cooperate to avoid a resort to it, affording their tmplayh proper facilities of attet to their volunteer duties. Colonel Anderson'^ serrations on these pointa will be found of gei interest His statement, too, seemed to be mo« tis factory to the force, and appears likely t attended with beneficial results. The membei the Collingwood Bille Corps, after ^"whine to orderly- room, and listening to a brief address their commander, Captain Sprent, stepped fori to A mao as beug willing to volunteer for the three yean. The adjourned- monthly meeting of the Creswick Volunteer Fire Brigade wu held st the Council Chambers, Creswick, on Tuesdays Lient. Leake occupied the chair. The Chairman apologised for the absence of Captain Stevenson through niñees. Toe Lieutenant reported that the committee, had collected £120 14s 6d, inclusive of £50 from the Town Council, and that £100 had been paid oh ac count to Ur Fouracre. It was resolved that a pair of shafts be pat to the engine, and that a reward o' one pound be given to the first water cart arriving at a fire ior. the nae of the fire engine. A vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs J. Orr and M. McCulIoch, for their Services in cleaning the engine and gear; also, to Mr Samuel Whan, for fetching the engine from Ballarat. The following persons were duly elected members of the Brigade, Messrs J. Orr, M. M'Collocb, J. Brawn, R. A. Burton, - Courtney, H. Piening, J. Faulkner, J. Walters, and J. Dickson. Notices of motion were given for the next meeting as follows:-"That the company be increased ito 40 members." " That all contributors of £5 and upwards be considered life honorary members." Mr Eddy, member of the Mining Board, «net with an accident in the engine room of the Independent Quartz Mining Company on Tuesday night, by the explosion of a kerosene lamp, which he was trim ming at the time. One of his eyes was badly in jured by the explosion. The case for the Supreme Court in the matter of the Llanberris Company rersut the assessment oi the Eastern Council, was to have been settled at the I Eastern Police Court on Wednesday, but was post poned until Friday. I A meeting of ratepayers was held on Monday I evening, at Stoddarts Nugget Hotel, Smythesdale, I for the purpose of adopting measures to resist thc contemplated erection by the Smythesdale Music! pal Council of a toll-gate. Mr Alexander Dick was voted to the chair, and read the advertisement con vening the meeting. The meeting was well attended notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, The following resolutions were unanimously car ried:-'Moved by Mr Adam Young, and seconded bj Mr M'Gee-" That it is the opinion of this meeting that the' erection of a toll-gate between this township and Ballarat would be i gross injustice to the inhabitants of the locality inasmuch as there is no road made between th« aforesaid localities." Moved by Mr Tennant, and seconded by Mr Currey-"That the road upoi which it is purposed to erect a toll bar is the wore in this part of the colony, and is in an unsafeconditioi for any kind of animal or vehicle to travel upon, a the numerous accidents which have occurred upoi it can fully testify." Moved by Mr Creed, and se conded by Mr McGowan-" That until this road b made it would be a serious hardship for the inhabi tauts of this locality to pay a toll for that which doe not actually exist." Moved by Mr Oman and seconded by Mr 'Harris- " That thi being on the main mail road from the me tropolitan gold field (Ballarat) to Skiptor. Hamilton and Fortland-and, in iact, the whole c the Western District-it is essentially necessar; that it should be thoroughly formed and macadam ised, in preference to any road in the Western Die trict." Moved by Mr Lewin, and seconded by 21 M'Gowan-" That a memorial, signed by the Chaii man, embodying the foregoing resolutions, be fo; warded to the Executive praying it not to approx of any tolls until the road to Ballarat is made, an that Messrs W. C. Smith, Gillies, Pope, and O'Cor nor, MLA.'a.be requested to present the memorial Loud calls were made for the municipal councilloi present to address the meeting and give their reasoi for advocating such a measure. Cr Robertson i last came forward, and alluding to the insulting r flections cast upon the Council, snggested that tl members resign their seats forthwith. Cr Patt gave his reasons for supporting the erection of atol gat e, and was at a loss to account for the prese: movement. A vote of thanks waB passed to tl chairman and the meeting separated. The following telegram from Sydney is publish in Wednesday's Age:-Three days later news from Auckland bas been received : The Maories were busily engaged fortifying their position at Parapata The weather prevents all military operations. The Oakara redoubt bas been abandoned. Troops are required for the defence of Auckland. The native Hori, who was convicted of the murder of Dr. Hope has had his sentence commuted to imprisonment for life. We (Argus) learn that Mr Barnes, whose dea from an encounter with the bushrangers in New South Wales has been reported by the Yass Courier was a member of the late firm of Barnes, Guest, a Co., biscuit manufacturers, of William street, in tl city. He was shot by O'Meally, a well-known di perado, after refusing to give up his saddle a: bridle. A private telegram from Sydney states th his fate bas created a great sensation, and that mn sympathy is felt for bis family. The Argus states that it has been decided by M isters to obtain a full- length portrait of Sir Henry Barkly, to be placed in the Parliament House. 1 Thomas Clark has been engaged for the work, which be ÍB actively employed. His Exceller gave his first sitting on Tuesday. A vote of £1 was made by the Legislative Assembly on the sa night for the work. 