The Executive Council have taken the cases of Julian Cross, David Gedge, and Elizabeth Scott into their con sideration, and see no reason to inter- pose between them and the. sentence of death passed by the Chief Justice. . These convicts, who have been found guilty of the murder of Scott, the husband of the female prisoner, there- ore will, unless the Governor at the . . eleventh hour should exercise his pre rogative, suffer the last penalty of tho .aw on Wednesday next. The crime of which they have been convicted was attended with no extenuating circum stances, and we are no humanitarians to wish to step between murderers and their fate. But still there is something unusually terrible in condemning a woman, even though, she be unsexed by her crimes, to a sudden and a shameful death. Hitherto we have been spared this horror in Victoria. Our gallows nas never yet claimed a female victim. We shall rejoice, and we feel certain that the people of this colony — Men with sisters dear, Men with mother, and wives — will join with us, should tho Executive resolve to temper justice with mercy and commute the sentence passed upon this wretched creature- to one not less dreadful to her, but less shocking to the feelings of the women of Victoria. , Victoria ha3,- in proportion to its resources, done more to further the cause of science than any other country in the world. Somo. half score savans receive liberal salaries from the State some half-dozen departments are kept up purely for the sake of solving pro blems interesting to the student, but only indirectly advantageous to the material interests of the colony. Even the Government Geologist has in his explorations consulted rather the esti mation in wliich ho and his work will be regarded in Europe, than tho discovery of new goldfields, or of the exact spots at whicli boring for coal is likely to he most successful. It is high time that an effort were made to utilize the labours of the mar_y able and learned men whose services are either wholly or in part re'ained by the State. We have no wish to detract from the high reputation of such men as Selwyn, Mueller, M'Cor, or Neumayer, but wo think the colony wliich pays them should derive a greater advantage from their toils than has hitherto been tho case. If our thesis be true as regards tho men and the departments in the em ployment of the Government, it is far more applicable to the numerous scientific and semi-scientific bodies which the people of Victoria are called upon to subsidize. Tnke the Accli matisation Society, for example." The well meaning, although not very brilliant gentlemen who meet once a week to sing pasans in honour of Mr. Edward Wilson and M. Geof- frey-St.-Hilaire receive from Par liament an annual vote ranging from L4000 to L2000, What return do they make? Laudable attempts are indeed made to introduce tittlebats and tomtits, weazols and white mice ; hut, with all the revenue from public and private sources at their disposal, the Council have effected less good than have private individuals, at their own risk and cost. For the English game birds, partridges and pheasants, rabbits and hares, we are indebted to Mr. Lyall nnd Mr. James Austin j for the camels, to the Government and the Exploration Committee of the Itoyal Society, and for the alpaca to Mr Ledger and to Mr Duffield. Nor do we find that tho exertions of the latter gentleman receive anything liko a substantial re cognition from the men who more than all others should do him honour. So far as wo hove been able to learn,, he has been allowed to fight his battle un aided by the advice and assistance, un- cheere a by the sympathy of a society which is always enabled to command for its own objects any amount of public money and Parliamentary support. An article in the last numoer of tlio National Review points out very forci bly the mistakes into wliich the Vic torian Acclimatization Society has fallen, and is still falling. Its efforts, to be successful, retiuire a greater amount of zoological knowledge than is possessed by its members. They import the flora and fauna, of Europe and America, without taking into con sideration wlint effect their introduc tion will have upon the plants and animals already existing here. It is a well ascertained fact that in St. Helena and the Mauritius, the exotics have nearly or quite exter minated the native productions. In New Zealand, the native rat, a compara tively harmless creature,' is more easily and more fatally conquered by the invading . species, than the - Maori by the Armstrong gun and the Enfield rifle. The apteryx, like a ghost, vanishes at the crow of the settlers cock. In Victoria, the. emu and the kangaroo retire before our sheep and cattle, and retirement is but the incipi ent stage of extinction. What then will be the result if the schemes of natu ralising new beasts, new birds, and new fishes in their wild state succeed. The aborigines must he worsted in the en counter, and then fa victis! If robins, blackbirds, thrushes, and sky larks be acclimatised in Victoria, it will be at the expense of the original dwellers in the land which have not proved less valuable in an econo mic point of view. Nor do we know that we shall be as well able to regu late the numbers and increase of the imported species. How great a nui sance a weed, not particularly noxious in Britain, may turn out when trans ported to Australia, is shown by the spread of the thistle. We are already told of the mischief done to the farmers near Winchelsea by the rabbits which have escaped from the; warrens at Barwon Park. The audacity of the Melbourne rats — we are making no allusion to either Mr. Heales or Mr. Sullivan — is proverbial. A few months ago, a cool proposition was made that the expiring race of dingoes should be supple mented by a shipment of fine young foxes. Several other instances of useless importations might be cited. Let Dr Black and his fellow- members of the Acclimatisation Society concentrate their efforts upon the intro duction of two or three usefiil species, and not fritter away their time and our money in inundnting us with a number of animals which will eventually prove more plague than profit. The Victorian Pilot IJonnl, at a meeting! held yesterday, have exonerated the pilot of the ship Vanguard from any blame with l-efercnce to ihe touching of tho ship Vanguard on the sandbank near Pope's Eye, Port Phillip Heads. The country journals still complain of the unseasonably wet nnd boisterous weather, and in many of tlie districts serious fours arc enter tained for the growing crops. At ICyncton, on Saturday, the rain poured down in torrents, accompanied by ligiitning and distant thunder, and on the following morning, according to tho local paper, the township was visited by one of the most severe and lasting snow storms witnessed in the colony, continuing for upwards cf three hours, and succeeded by a perfect torrent of hail. The Daylesford Express states that in that town ship, on Sunday morning, a hailstorm of great violence occurred. The wind increased to a tornado,; and after the lapse of a quarter of an hour large flakes of snow commenced falling and in a few minutes the landscape presented all the features of an English winter scene.'' In some places the snow drifted to a depth of several inches. In the' nortliorn districts a similar dreary state of things prevailed, nume rous drays being delnycd in tlio neighbourhood .of Wangarnttn, milling operations in tlio, low lands being suspended, and shearing " being grentlv delayed. During yesterday n .considerable ntunber of persons v'sitcd the Himalaya, in Hobson's Bay. Wo are informed that at two p.m. to-day Mrs Wnddy, the lady of the colonel, will present colours to the Ofltii Regiment, on board the vessel. For a considerable time the SUth have been scattered by companies in vnriou's localities, and the present is the flrst occasion on whicli they hnvo been collected together since the Crimean campnign. Tho regiment itself lias a peculiar interest for us, inasmuch as it is to a certain extent ; , Australian. Colonel Anderson, one of our oldest colonists, was nt one time in command, his son, Captain Aclniid Andorson, nnd Mr W. II. Wright (Secretary for Victorian Railways), being then officers in the regiment. The wife of the present colonel is also an Australian. The presentation of tlio colours will be to a certain extent private, nnd Captain Lacy lias requested us to inlorm the public that, in consequence of the great dispatch requisite for his departure hence to Auckland, he is compelled to close his ship ngninst visitors to day. Shou.il time admit, after coaling, she will ngain be thrown open to public inspection. A circular has been scutrouml to the members of the Roynl Society, signed by tho office bearers nnd .some of the leading members, submitting proposals for the formation of a fund by the institution of life memberships — tho fee of tea, guineas to be paid by each gentleman so elected — to obtain n permanent means of publishing' the transactions of the society, nnd of aiding generally the publication of scientific papers read at its meetings. For this purpose it is proposed to iorcst the fund so raised in state debentures; and to appoint n committee specially to superin tend tlio issue of the society's publications. The minimum number of subscribers to such a fund is set down at two hundred, nnd considering the very important results possible of obtninment In this way, two thousand pounds is by no means an extrnvngnnt sum to have been fixed upon. The diffusion of valuablo information whicli inay in this way be promoted is by no moans the only ndvantngo certain to accrue. The society will bo enabled to exchange mcro extensively with European kindred societies, and the accumula tion of it-valuable library of reference will bo the result. There should be no practical difficulty In realising this very reasonable scheme. A community so wealthy and so well informed as our3, ought to rcquiro no special persuasion to contribute to so well-intended a purpose. The field of research open to the Royal Society Is limitless, and it would be an infinite pity if Its endeavours wero hindered for lack of so modest a sum as is now asked for, especially considering tbc mode In wliich it is proposed to be raised. The business at tho City Police Court, yester-' day, was unusually light. There were only two or three unimportant cases of drunkenness and disorderly conduct, which were dealt with in the usual summary manner. MrT. P. Hill will deliver, at Prnhran, this eveuing, a lecture on the human voice. Julian Cross, David Gedge, nnd Elizabeth Snott, who were tried nt the last Beech worth Circuit Court before His Honour Chief Justice Stnwell, for the murder of the husband of the female prisoner at the Jamieson on the litis of April, arrived at ihe Melbourne Gaol yesterday nftcrnoon. Seott is about twenty-three years of age, and her paramour Gcdgo about nineteen. Cross is a rann of colour, anil is of middle age. The Ihreo prisoners are ordered for execution oa Wcncvlny, the 11th instant, being exactly seven months since the horrible deed was perpetrated. It would seem that the Executive Council have paid no ntleution to tho allegation of tho woman Scott that she was encicntc. We believe Gedge is respectably connected. Doe Gee, the China man who was convicted at the same sittings for the murder of Mr Humfries, n storekeeper at Bright, also arrived. His sentence lias been commuted to imprisonment for life. Tho first three years in irons. Mr Wm. Grant met the burgesses of Bourkc Ward at the Royal Saxon hotel, . last evening — Mr Burrcll in the chair. After having ex plained ids views on corporate matters, and satis factorily anssvered various questions put by the meeting, an uunnimous' vote of confidence was passed in the candidate. The Otngo Times says that the Wellington settlers are tolerably well prepared for the natives, should hostilities break out in that province.. The force of all classes in the Province of Wel lington is as follows : — In tlio town, 250 regular military, six companies militia averaging 85, say 500 in all. Defence force (cavalry) 100, volun teers 70, Ilutt Militia, 350; Volunteers, 90; Porirua Militia 110, Volunteers 50; Karori Militia, CO; Wairarapa Volunteers 250, Volun teer Cavalry 100; Wanganui, troops 380, defence force 50, Militia und Volunteers 500; inakine a total of 2800, to which must be added the Waira rapa and Easl Coast Militia, not yet called out, 500 more; or a grand total of 3330 men. Tho Star says: — "It was rumoured in Bal- laarat on Tuesday morning that Mr. Wm. Sim, a well-known farmer, late of Mount Hollow- back, nnd recently appointed assessor to the Ballunrat Road Board, lind been drowned in the Burrumboet Creek, near the Two Bridges hotel, on the previous night, while attempting to ford the stream on horseback." The Bnllaarnt Evening Post of last night says that the rnmour is entirely without foundation, as Mr. Sim is stili olivo and well. The committee appointed to mnke arrange ments for inviting Dr Owens to a public dinner, in acknowledgment of bis long ami disinterested public services, met yesterday evening at the Metropolitan hotel, Sandhurst, Mr J. J. Casey, M.L.A., in the chair. Dr Owens' acceptance of the invi'ation from his Bendigo friends was read, nnd after due consideration the time and placa for holding the banquet were fixed for Wednesday, the 18th inst, at tho Metropolitan hotel. The Melbourne correspondent of the Star writes that, " Mr Pope, M.L.A., lias informed him, in reference to the rumors nbout his resig nation of his seat in Parliament as member for Nortli Orcnvil'c, that the resignation was entirely dependent upon his aeceptanee of certnin over tures made to him of a purely business charac ter, ami which would, if accepted, have caused the whole of his time to bo occupied. As the overtures alluded to have been declined, Mr Pope lias nt present no intention of quitting the political arena." The only action tried yesterday in the Supreme Court was that of M'Ewan v Stirt, on which the validity of a bill of sale, executed by one Bradley, a storekeeper at Bceebwortii, to the defendant, was called in question. The plain- till' endeavoured to make out a ciiargo of fraud against Messrs Stitt and Bradley, but Mr Justice Barry said that he could soc no foundation for the accusation. The jury found for tbo defendant. A lad named William O'Meally, aged fifteen years, who came down from Bailnarnt witli his parents on Sunday evening last, is missing from 94 Great Lonsdale street west. As he has never been in Melbourne before, it is feared that some accident has happened to hiin. A correspondent, 'writing from the . Blue Mountain Rush, says:— The Alma Reef bids fair to rival tbo best reefs in Victoria. It is hollowed by a thousand memories of obstacles overthrown, of dnngers nobly braved, and of suffering unshrinkingly borne. Many of the miners, who are 'making LI per week, never theless, owing to the absence of white metallic coinage, days nnd days pass by without the miners' eyes being loyally gladdened by tho sight of more, than one or two silver' editions of tho Queen's portrait. Tho non-existence of a I . . ...... '. '.it I.c.i ..r'f t '!" local bank or any other Bccuro deposit for money ..In Newbury, obliges tho wealihlw , clsss bt dealer's to contrive some meant. of secluding their 'gains from tlio prying propensities of light- fingered pepio; iicnce it happens that scarcely a domicile exists which does not contain some secret liiding-place, known only to tho master of the-liouse." A contemporary montions that Colonel Waddy, C.13., in command of the 60 th1 Regiment, now on th'eir'way to Nov.- Zealand, is the same gallant soldier who, nt the head of his rcglmsrit, took tho , Quarries in the Crimean campaign. A largo number of tlio men are decorated with the Crimean inedal. An uncomely vagabond of a fellow yesterday deliberately smashed one of tlio' large sheets of plate ginss. forming ynrt .of the windows of Messrs Solomon and Co, tho extensive furniture dealers at the corner of Lon3d«Io and Swanston streets. Ho was, of course, .immediately secured, a'nil wlicn interrogated as to the motive that had prompted him to the commission of such a wanton pieco of mischief, he admitted that lie. had done it purposely, in order that he might bo sent to prison, as lie preforrod tho excellent accommodation of Pentridge— where tho labour, though described as " hard," was merely nominal — to . the subsistence procurable by genuine hard work in a condition of liberty. The fellow will, of course, be sent to prison, and that is tiie only satisfaction Messrs Solomon nnd Co are likely to obtn'n. This is a very negative kind of compensation, however, for the expense to which they will' bo put. in replacing the broken pane. There certainly appears to bo some defect in n law wliich cnnblcs a lazy scoun drel to procure exactly what lie desires to obtain, by inflicting n serious' injury upon respectable -tradesmen, who liave no lielp but to bear the damage done w ith such philosophy as they may 1 be able to muster. . Perhaps the cat o'nino tails on alternate days for a couple of months would render, prison board nnd lodging less nTdently desired by genllcmcn of the loafing class. In order to facilitate the building operations now going on nt tbo Melbourno Public Library —and which, by Ihe way, have been enrried on of late with considerable industry — the institu tion will be indefinitely-closed this. day. The step is . of course a necessary one, but in the menntimc considerable inconvenience will bo; experienced by many who liavebabitnated them selves to the daily use of the library. Not n few idlers, also, in consequence of this fiat, will be for the time nonplussed as to the best means of killing their time. ' , ,. There was no business at tha Williamstown Police Court yesterday. Monday, the 9lli November, will be t'se anni versary of- the birth of the Princo of Wales. Some of the provincial journals mention that it is intended to celebrate the oceasion by keeping-, "general holiday. Tlie Geclong Chronicle mentions that a num ber of. strong boys lmve applied to be appren ticed to the Vinegrtwcrs? Association of that dis- i trict. The following gentlemen connected with tlie Riverine Association mot on Tuesday, nt the committee room, Messrs Goldsbrougli's stores, Market street : — .Mr Gideon Lang (president), Messrs Godfrey, Glass, F. Desailiy, W. -Ryan,- N. Chadwick, W. Lang, C. Brown, T.i O'Sulli- van, W. Forlongc, J. Brougham, J. Alexander, and Anderson. The President informed the' meeting that lie had . prepared a report of tho proceedings of the delegates entrusted with the petitions addressed to tlie New South 'Wales flnvernment, wliich would lis laid before a special meeting of the council convened to be held at Deniliqttin on the 0th instant, from wliich it would be found the mission to Sydney had been attended with the most satisfactory results. Tiio prejudice and ignorance which formerly existed was now gradually disappearing, and concessions of amost important character promised not only by the late Government, but a)9o by the new Administration.. At first their endeavours were met by ridicule, and their grievances regarded ns a squatters' hobby, created by a fewegitdtors who sought to delude people into believing that an independent territory might be turned into a pastoral' pnradiso.' Frequent interviews willi several of tlie leading members of ih'c Assembly had opened up a. discussion whicli bad so far terminated in favour of the movement that re medial measures would , bo .introduced imme diately upon 'tlio re- assembling of' Parlinuieut. ' With referouce to the notices o( motion intended to he discussed nt the special meeting of Council, he did not nousider it would be politic to take an expression of opiuion from the present meeting until his report bad been taken into considera tion by the Council. The suggestion whs,' adoptqii, and after u few comp.iinentnry remarks from Mr O'Sitllivnn on tlie zeal and ability 1H3- . played by the president, the meeting separated. - A return of the births nnd deaths registered in the district of Geelong, during the month of- Oc tober, shows an excessof births over dentils to the number of 57. The births' wero — males -51, females 41, total 92; and the deaths — males 21, fcmiilcs 14; total 35." '7' ' " "' The coudemucd convict Patrick Murjiky.will be executed 011 Friday morniug, at eight o'clock, within the precincts of the Geclong gaol.; The proceedings will be of a strictly private mature, none buttbe jury imjmnnolled, the representatives of the press,- and those receiving special orders of admission from tlie Sheriff, will be admitted to witness tlie sad end of this wretched criminal. Dr. Youl wrote a letter on the 30th of .October to the Committee of Ihe Melbourne Hospital, calling attention to tho evidence taken ntr nn inquest on the body of Louisa Brunton, by .which it appeared Hint a consldernh'e time had- elapsed before the case was seen by the medical- officer of the institution. Dr. Youl received a reply to bis communication, yesterday, informing liim that the committee of tho institution had taken steps, to prevent tho recurrence of such cases for tbo- future. ' " ' / Tho usual monthly meeting of the committee cf the Horticultural Society of Victoria was liold in the Mechanics' Institute yesterday— R. k. Hammond, E q.; in tho :chnir. The lion secre tary reported that during the last month twenty- one now subscribers and -three life members, including ills Excellency Sir Charles II. Darling-, had been enrolled. The .question of holding another 'exhibition in' the Course of three or four weeks hav'ug - been considered, it was decided to leave tlie matter to the . consideration of tha joint committees ' of 'the two j sbcie- ties, who are to meet' this evening, and that prior to .final arrangements being made they wero to report to this committee the result of their deliberation. Tlie Garden Committee reported that the injury done to the fenco by the recent flood. lmd been repaired, and thatstopB were being taken to cficctuaiiy drain the water from tlie lagoon ; that- by tho last mail an order hud been dispatched to England for 300 new varieties of fruit trees, to be forwarded from thence during the month of February. Pay ments wero also recommended by tbo committee amountiug to L10 0s Od. After some; other routine business had been gone through, the meeting closed. . : At tlie weekly meeting of the council pf the Acclimatisation Society, on Tuosdayj-present Dr Black, Dr. Mueller, Professor M'Coy, 'iieut-, Colonel Ross, Libut-Coionel Champ, Dr: Era-'. Wing, Messrs W. H.-Archer,. Albert P.urclias,- T.J. Sumner, S. II. Bindon.jF.. R. Godfrey; and H. J. Chambers, the report for the past yonr was adopted, nnd arrangements made for hold ing tlie nnnuai meeting on Wednesday. ne«t, at : tlie offices of tlio sucicty, at which liis Excel-' ieney the Governor wi'I . preside. Dr Mueller reported that tlie arrangements for catchiug the fallow deer at Richmond' were nearly finished, and it was decided Hint suineof these deer should- be set free in the neighbourhood of the Buneep. A letter was reid from Phillip Island stating that some of the pheasants and pirtridges had commenced laying, nlso that tho hares' had' been recently seen and appeared in good condition. It was resolved that in the opinion of this council steps should be taken for tho prescrvn- ' tion of the native quail, during at '.least some I period of the season of lucuLMiun ; r.a'rl LIr 1 | Black, Lieut-Colonel Ross, Messrs F. R. God- | frey, II. J. Chambers, and S. II. Bindon wero appointed a subcommittee to take' the nceossary steps In tlie matter. Tlio council beg to acknow ledge with thanks tlio receipt of four emeus from' Mr Peter Bevcriilge, of Kulkync, Eeliuca, and one native companion irom Mr Louie Ellis, of South Yarrn. Tbc General Sessions for tho present month were brought to a close yesterday, a number of appeals against decisions oi magistrates being disposed of. The only case of public interest was that in winch tlio title of tho Corporation to a portion of Flinders street was involved. It was, Iiowei-cr, dismissed on a technical point ns fo the insufficiency of the notice served on the nttirnoy of the Corporal ion; Tlio latter, however, offered 'to withdraw bis opposition, nnd permit the ease to be tried on its merits, if the appellant's counsel would adopt tlie same course and take no formal objections. This offer, however, was rejcclcd nnd tlie appeal was accordingly dismissed, the conviction by the Police Court being affirmed with L5 5s costs. A soiree, in connection with the fifth anniver sary of the formation of the Carlton Band of Hope, took place last evening at tlie Trades' Hall, Lygon street ; Mr' J.' G. Burtt presided, tho. room being well filled. -. After ten, several nddrcsscs were delivered in ndvoency of tlie tem perance cause, nnd several glees, songs, and recitations were given by the juveniles. Tiie society now numbers on it3 bdoks 139 members, irad after paying all expenses, there is a . small balance to be carried to the credit of. next year. It may not be uninteresting to many, of our readers to learu (says the Daylesford Express) that within a few miles of Daylesford resides n veritable brother of Gilbert, the bushrnngor. He is engaged in tilling n farm upon tlie banks of tiie'' Caliban, not far from tho Fanners' Arms. Hotel, on tiie Maiinsbury rond. We linvc been informed thnt Mr Gilbert expresses considerable regret at the course of Iifu his brother is lead ing. ... Tlie following anecdote referring to the policy of the great Napoleon 011 the Polish question will be rend witli interest at tbc present time :— Napoleon, after receiving a deputation soliciting the re-cstablishmcHt of the independence of Poland, 'said to Uapp : " I love tiie Poles ; their enthusiastic character pleases 111c ; I should like, to make them independent, jbut thnt is a difficult matter. Austria, Russia, nnd Prussia lmve all bad- a slice of the enke ; when the match is once kindled, who knows where the conflagration may stop ; my first duty Is towards France; which T must not sacrifice to Poland — wo mu«t refer this matter to tho sovereign of all tilings — time." Tbo matter has been 'referred to time' and it now rests with another Napoleon, mainly to decide the question. Tho folly of allowing females to lmndle fire arms Is Elngulnrly illustrated in the following case wliich we take from the Ilyneton Guardian : — " A Mrs Tennent was admitted into Kyneton Hospital on the 1st iustnut; suffering from a gunsiiot wound received in tlie following ratiicr singular manner. Mrs Tennent. who is ayeung newly-married woman, keeps a lonely refresh ment hut on the hack read to Bendigo, at the corner of tlie tracks leading to Lanceflelil and Kyneton. Her husband left early on Thursday morning, with tlie intention of returning that evening, business calling liim to Kyneton. For company and protection Mra Tennent induced a neighbour, a Mrs Derricott, to reside with lior for the night. About nine o'clock at night Mrs Tennent desired to go out to the wood pile in order to replenish tho fire, and before unfastening the door, bid Mrs Derricott draw out a loaded pistol from under the head of the sofa, and hold it up towards the door in case any bushranger might be lurking about. ' Mrs Derricott replied — "Oil never fear, if they make an appearanro I'll shoot them." Mrs Ten nent seeing her friend handle the weapon rather nervously, called out' " Mind how you hold it as it is on , full cock." This made Mrs Derricott, woman- like, more nervous still, and tlie result was that the pistol went oil", lodging two large slug3 in tho upper part of Mrs Tenncnt's left arm, passing near to a main artery. The wound was bandaged up ere the husband's return, but it was not till sho was brought to the hospital on Sunday that her nrm was found to bo broken.' ' Under ' the skilful attendance of Dr Smith sho Is recovering as favourably as can be expected." .. On the 2ud inst. a quantity of ! wearing apparel 1 was . stolen from a house in Rauisdcn street, Coliingwood, occupied by George Joseph Yates. The offenders nre. not known, but the articles cau be identified.' ' ' . A general meeting of cricketers was held last evening at Marshall's Hotel .for the purpose of forming an intercolonial and international com mittee for the sensoa 18G3-4; Dr.', Campbell occupied the chair. The foliowiug gentlemen were elected :— Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. Hamilton, Haines, Biddle, Clarke, Wardili, ; Wruy, Woolley, Fraser, G. F. Cameron, Hip- well, Lavnter, Bagot, E.'S. Ilarieyj Sbiel, Mor timer, H ammersley, Youngiiusband, Devlin, IlandfloM. 'A Temperance lecture is to be delivered this evening, in tlio. Wealoyan schoolroom, Howard street, Hotlinm, nt half-past' seven o'clock, by the Rev Joseph Dare. . . The Bcniligo Advertiser mentions the fol lowing "suspicious eirsumstance :" — At the Sebastian, on Monday evening last, nftor dark, n disturbance ensued between three County Clare men and a Frenchman, residing there which, is characterised by the neighbours as a brutal attack on the Frenchman, No person ihtcriercd to protect blm from their violence, and after a time quietness ensued. In the . morning the Frenchman was not to lie found ; but tracks of blood were discovered, ond traced from tiie door of his tent into the midst of the numerous holes to be found on tlie lead. A careful Bearch was mnde for Ids body, but no trace of it could . be found ; and the police of Sandhurst were sent for, witli u view, to a further inquiry into the matter. ' A compulsory exodus of dogs and cats is thus mentioned by the Border Post: — Anew little gnmo is, being " practised by some facetious Rutlierglener— no lens thnn the removal .whole sale of the cat. and dog tribes from tl|e enter prising bnmiet. .The animals are crammed iato sacks, those with cats in- being left nt Cornish Town, while the dogs are consigned to Cbiltcrn. Some dozens of these . " lost" creatures are now roaming nt large , about these places, to the utter discomfiture of the snappers up of uncon sidered trifles, iq the way of bones end odd bits. Those who have lost their cats at Rutherglen will after this notice of course know where to find them. As for tlio dogs they don't appear ever to have hnd owners, n mora disreputable set having never before formed 11 load for a carrier. It is really too. bad if the fact be as suggested, that the town clerk of Rutherglen can't clear his township without having recourse to the con signment method. 