"THE FALL OF WIVENHOE !" By tlio kind pormission of tho author of tho " Groat Colonial 'i'rugody," bearing tho above title, we aro en- abled to give tho following impressive scene, which has n singular coincidonco with events now passing : SCKNE-Bunkum Castle-CnAiiT.ES 1ST discovered on tho "stool of repentance," in a melancholic mood, in- haling tho odoriferous fumes of his "noso warmer," when bo is suddenly startled - by tho entrance of CJIAHI/ES 2ND. CHAULES 2ND ; All hail, most nobio siro, with joy And filial reverence, theo I greet ; Bight glad nm I to find you thus nt ease, Auel, bruvely, thus defying fortune's frowns. CltAIILES 1ST : Ali, diaries, my son, thy father's mind is tost, Like ocean's breast « lien howling tempests lash Uer into fury-for I fear me much That you, my Bon, did grcnlly err, In that you did resign th« Bent Vou held for Tumut, as those fellows must Have sonso enough to know how brown you did them, And sweet revongo will speedily enjoy, By sending in my mortal foe, James Martin. CHARLES 2ND : Fear not, my sire, tho men of Tumut aro But fools, for were thoy otherwise, they ne'er Had mudo thy son their Member. Cn AJILES 1ST : Excuse me, Charles, I had forgotten that, For loss of pince has so upset my mind I know Lut little moro what I nm ubout Thun does n wretched Tarbanite. Tho " ghost" of Murtin haunts me Night mid day, and tills my soul With horrors grim and dark, ?? Which I, for wunt of wards, cannot describe. C11ÁHI.KS ' 2ND : ' ' J Bo comforted, my sire, the champion sent , To battle with the great Goliah of tho Law May prove victorious, and wo Once moro roguin tho blessings wo have lost. ' OJIAUI.ES 1ST : What Champion do you mean ? You do Not, surely,.mean thut madman <J. O'C. , Is flt to tilt a lance with Murtin ? Of sensu I really thought your stock was larger . , Than to indtilgn such baseless phantn.iios. Np, no, my son, for us there ii no hopo ! Ito'r us tile doors of office will no moro Be oponed, for our goose ¡9 cooked. CltAltLEä 2.VD : Olí, father, father, you will break my heart, If thus despondingly you speak, And prophecy a futo BO dreadful, CHAULKS Jar ¡ I cannot help it, boy ; I feel - ??. Tho sun of our great house is set No moro to vise. CiiAltx.ES £2.*»: Have you no " dodgo" tliut will recruit . Our weakness, and inspiro us with. Fresh o lorgy to meot the foo? CJIAIILÜS 1ST : I Ains I I fenr not, for you know, my eon, How I for years have rocked My brain in search of clover schemes, Until tho present time ; but now ? l'own that I am done ! \- ' .? - . '? ' CHARLES SK» J ... . That's really plcasu nt talk, but you Forget'thaputrioto-of-tlie-Pretty l'lains, Who saved me from,défont, c"- .. -, . : : ;-j -. CirABLES. 1ST: . : ! i For that you have but Jack to thank, ¡for lie . Did work the free selection oracle, mid gained A victory worse than ever was defeat. '? ! ' ?" 1 ; Cit ABLES 2ND ': . '. " ? ?What', odds,' it knocked from off his perch ? The manyon hate so cordially. 1 ' . CBABIES IBT: Aye, for the moment, but on Monday, you Will find bini «ll triumphant, and . > ? - The men of i'umitt, wild willi honest joy. Bul come, my boy, a faintness o'er mo . Steals. 1 nuud of that wo bavo n license To diEtil a glass, so give-me brandy. Cn XKíT.a 2.VI): With joy dear father, I obey your wish, ? lfor in tho sparkling cup I ever lound ... ¡ , A perfect cure for overy mortal ill....... i * . . Ojr.inr.rs 1ST.» \ ..«*..*: . - You're right, my child, indeed, -for I > : .J. J Have ever found it so, and now ?/. Wó'lt drink'confusion to our iocs, and (hen, My BOU will for Iiis father Bing ,My favorito song, to choer his heart. And chest him offa portion ofilia j»riof! 