THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1863, In the Legislative Council yesterday, The second reading of the Partnerships Bill was agreed to, and the measure passed through committee. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill was read a second time, committed, amended, re- committed, and reported, The Council then adjourned till this day. ; in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Verdon gave notice that, on Friday, he would move for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the Volunteer corps. In answer to Mr. Levey, Mr. M Couch said the Government would ask the House for a small sum of money for upon trait or bust of Sir Henry Barkly Both SCMSSJ-awW also be asked to vote an address to His Excellency, ?'?" " " In answer to Mr. W. C. Smith, Mr M'Culloch Find the Municipalities Bill would be proceeded with. as soon as the Land Bill was disposed of. In answer to Mr. Wright, who stated that rumours were afloat impugning the conduct of the officers of the Melbourne Cemetery, Mr. HEALES said the accounts for 1862 had not yet been received. He would immediately call for them. The adjourned debate on the Land Act Amendment Bill was resumed by Mr. W. C. Smith, who thought it was altogether unnecessary that ten million acres of land should be set aside for agricultural purposes. In March, 1862, he found that there were only 440,000 acres in quite vation, though 2,500,000 acres were in the hands of persons supposed to lie bona fide cul- tivators. Mr. Archer's statistics further showed that the 440,000 acres now in cultiva- tion were sufficient to grow all the agricultural produce required for the consumption of the colony. This colony could not compete with California, because here produce could only be carried to market over bad roads, while in California the water-carriage was of the most convenient and chtapestkind. The experience! of the past year had shown that agriculture would not pay, and that no demand for agricultural land existed. If two millions and a half acres were set apart for agricul- final settlement, never to be sold by auction, the Government would amply provide for the wants of the country for many years to come. Such a scheme as that was preferable to the plan proposed in the bill. A hundred thousand acres would not be sold in the course of a year to bond fide cultivators. The only condition imposed should be cultivation. Mr. Girdlestone was in favour of a certain fixed quantity of land being sold annually. The Land Act of 1862 had entirely failed. It was not sufficiently liberal, and would never give satisfaction. Mr. Morton, as a practical agriculturist, said, the conditions proposed by Mr. Heales would altogether preclude settlement under the bill. His experience showed him that the first capital of a settler, for the cultivation of forty acres only, would require to be at least £260, while current expenses and the cost of preparing the crop for market, setting down nothing for the support of the settler's family, would bring up the total to £360. The returns would not enable the settler to meet the terms proposed by the bill, while those who had paid a high price for their lands were brought into competition with persons who were brought into the colony with their money. It would be quite sufficient to throw open 50,000 acres a year. He thought an opportunity should be given to those who now farmed their own land, to rout grazing lands, and add sheep or cattle farming to other pursuits. The motion for the second reading of the bill was then agreed to without a division. On the question that the Speaker leave the chair, Mr. Brooke moved, as an amendment, a resolution affirming the advantages of the occupation licence system, and the necessity of returning to it. Mr. M'Lean seconded the amendment, which, on a division, was negatived by 37 to 2, The House then went into committee on the bill. On the 6th clause, at the instance of Mr. Duffy, the words " not less than four millions of acres" were struck out. On the 10th clause. Mr. McMahon proposed to substitute " twenty " in place of " twenty-five " as the per- centum of the purchase-money to be paid as a deposit. Mr. Heales resisted the motion, and defended the clause as it stood. After considerable discussion, the amendment was negatived by thirty-two to thirteen, and progress was reported. Mr. B. G. Davies moved that a board of inquiry he appointed to inquire in to the alleged malpractices of returning officers in the late elections for the Avoca and Polwarth and South Grenville. Mr. M'Cor,_,oon said the Government were prepared to make the inquiry. Mr. B. G. Davies, on that understanding, withdrew his motion. The remaining business was disposed of, and the House adjourned. The debate on the last of the Land Bills has been as much inferior to all past debates on the subject, as the bill itself is worse than all former bills. Members are clearly wearying of discussing a question which appears destined never to be settled-of attempting to solve a problem, the solution of which becomes more and more distant every year. The discussion has been almost entirely confined to the ventilation by each separate member of his own particular crotchets, and to a series of personal vindications. Everything would have gone right, if something had been done which each successive speaker at some time or other recommended. Mr. Haines has discovered that there is nothing like the system of auction ; Mr. Duffy offers a sort of half reluctant approval of the bill, because it is so like his own ; Mr. Cummins inveighs against the system of lot and Mr. Brooke is convinced that there never was, and never can be any scheme so excellent as that of the occupation licences. The only new speaker who has no plan of his own to defend, and no errors of his own to excuse, is Mr. Michie and Mr. Michie was never great on the land question. It is painfully evident, indeed, that his two years' absence from the House has not made Mr. Michie any better authority on a subject in which he betrays so little interest. The argument of the Minister of Justice in defence of the clause taking away from the purchaser the right of mortgage, may be quoted as one instance of how little Mr. Minim? has considered the question of land settlement. Inasmuch as the bill coral fern deferred payments, he contends, and relieves the purchaser of the necessity of paying the whole of the purchase money at once, he has no occasion to re sort to the mortgagee. The obvious answer to this is, that it is not at the time of selection that the purchaser is usually pressed for want of capital The original price of the land, it is notorious, is but a small item to the expense of cultivation; and the purchaser-, if he intends to be a lotta, fide settler, has, or ought to have, the means of completing his purchase, it is only after the first year or two of his cultivation, that the real time of need occurs, when it is of the utmost value to the settler to be able to raise money upon the mortgage of his land. It is this essential and natural privilege of property which, we contend, ought to be vested in the purchaser of land and the scheme for depriving the poor man of it is clearly not entitled to the character of a liberal Land. BUI. The reduction of the first price of the land to five shillings, though vicious in principle, we do not regard as the greatest defect of the bill. The conditions as to residence and cultivation, and the various elaborate devices which have for their effect the depriving of what is purchased of all the essential features of property, are the characteristic and distinguishing faults of Mr. Heales's bill, as compared with all former land bills. All these portions of the scheme are in direct antagonism to the first principles of political economy, inasmuch as they seek to interfere with the natural course of enterprise, and to regulate every man's right to deal as he pleases with his own property. The withhold- ing of the Crown grant until after three years of occupation, in which time the purchaser must prove that he has resided on the land and made certain improvements, is calculated to defeat all the good which is to come from throws. ing open the land to the public at cheap rate. The direct effect of these conditions will be, to limit the number of bona-fide intending ' purchasers, and to encourage only the fraudulent or the paupers to purchase. The design of the Government in this bill would appear to be, indeed, to make only two classes of settlers in this colony a class of large squatters without the blue line, and a class of pauper agriculturists within it. Apparently, there is no other ideal formed at the Board of Land and Works of a bona-fide settler, than of a person whose agricultural ambition is limited to exactly 640 acres, who has only five shillings an acre to pay for them, and who is prepared to reside and make improvements on his allotment before it is his own property. Yet it is incredible that Mr. Heales should be ignorant of those who form the majority of bona-fide settlers in this country, and who by the bill will be deprived of all chance of buying land in Victoria. What can, be more absurd and more suicidal than to recognize only those who are willing to reside on the land that they buy, as bona-fide settlers 1 The great mass of the people of this country the middle class, especially, who have made this colony their home, and whose interests are all centred here-are neither squatters nor intending agriculturists, in their own persons. They desire to buy land as a secure investment for themselves or their families. Why should they be debarred from doing so I Why should their money be refused at the Land Office, even although they are not prepared toabandontheir legitimate avoca- tions, and to turn agriculturists all at once 2 That large class in the metropolitan and in the inland towns who are occupied in shopkeeping, in handicrafts, in clerical or professional employment of some land or other why should they not have an opportunity of becoming land proprietors, either in their own names or in the names of their children ? How is it that in this new colony we can actually find no room for the settlement of a class, which in all other countries constitutes the bone and sinew of the population 1 It is very hard that Jones, a bank clerk in Melbourne, or Smith, a small draper at Ballarat, should be cut off for ever from the chance of buying a few acres of land in the colony. It is very hard and very foolish to insist that all clerks, storekeepers, trades- men, artizans, lawyers, doctors, members of the Civil Service, merchants, and clergymen, should be compelled to abandon their own avocations before they can buy an allotment of land, to reside three years on it, and cultivate it to the satisfaction of the Board of Land and Works. Is it really the serious purpose of the Government of this country at the end and object of all our national policy, that the whole population should become resident agriculturists, all of the same character, the same means, and the same tastes 1 Surely nothing more ridiculous than this was ever proposed as the basis of the land policy of a new country. Let us allow that it is possible to carry out this exquisitely symmetrical theory-to have all our people turned into agricul- turists to have even the four hundred thousand acres which Mr. Beales expects to dispose of every year, cultivated by resident farmers what provision has been made for the disposal of all the agricultural produce which is to result from the scheme] Where is the market large enough to give all our agriculturists remunerative employment 1 Is farming, at the present time, acknowledged to be so lucrative a pursuit, as that it is desirable that the whole labour of the country should be directed to agriculture 1 We have spoken already of the effect which the bill is likely to have at home in checking the stream of immigration which has just now begun to flow again towards Victoria. It is impossible to believe that any really valuable emigrant will prefer a conditional holding fourteen thousand miles off at the other end of the world, fenced about by a hundred elaborate restrictions, to a freehold in North America, comparatively close to home, at the same price, unencumbered by any such conditions, and which he can do with as he pleases. Mr. Heales's bill strikes with two hands at immigration. It limits the amount of money to be spent in bringing out immigrants, and it takes away every inducement that the immigrant might have to come. The purchasers for the four hundred thousand acres a-year must be looked for, therefore, solely in this colony; and where are they to be found? Are there a hundred bona-fide settlers in the country fulfilling the Government conditions? Are there a hundred, not squatters, speculators, or forestalled-not married women, infants, or anything is that sort-a hundred, who are prepared to buy the land, and use it precisely at " the department" desires-who will reside honestly on the land, and cultivate it sedulously, on a conditional holding who will never require to mortgage it, or to do anything with it but what is implied in the terms of their holdings will be patient, and wait three years for a title, and pay their half-crowns every year, Uko men and good citizens ? It is disheartening to find a man" in Mr. MicniEcloáng his defence of the bill with the threat that if the bill is rejected, ! the nine years' squatting leases will also be rejected. This is an argument utterly discreditable to the advocate, and to the Government by whom he is employed. What has the country to do with the nine-years' leases? We repudiate emphatically any compact which binds us to accept the terms of Mr. Healey's agricultural settlement, merely because in some other part of the bill the interests of the squatters have been cared for. There is no question of a bargain between the squatters and any other class. On behalf of the country, we have no knowledge of any such bargain. If any concessions have been made to the squatters, more than what was just and necessary, then it is Mr. McCulloch's Ministry who are responsible for making it. What does the public know of any such compact as that to which Mr. Michie refers? It is surely too stale an artifice at this day, to represent the opposition to every new land bill as coming solely from the squatter class. For ourselves, we know nothing of any such class, of bargains made with it, or concessions made to it. The question is purely and simply whether the terms- of ' land settlement proposed by the Government are such as are wise or politic for the country to accept or not and we protest against being led away from the considerations of this one material point by threats of what will he done to the squatters if the bill is not passed. If the hill is not desirable on its own merits, it certainly is not to be accepted because it is pleasing to the squatters and as to any compact or bargain on the subject, there can be none which is not made by Mr. M'Cui&ooh; himself. The war in New Zealand brings home to us very forcibly the vitality of that common bond of inter est and of race which connects the Australian system. There was undoubtedly in the fact of the conference something suggestive of political unity, if not of political identity. But can sentaneousness in questions of economy may be very well affected to the selfish theory of morals. The sacrifice cannot be a very great one on any side when the transaction is influenced by commercial considerations. There can be nothing very platonic in a bargain in which we give only because we take. Re- ciprocity of this soit maybe accommodating, but it is in its nature opposed to disinterestedness. Nations, even of the same ilk, cannot afford, like an individual contractor, to adopt a tone of self-morti fication and denial. It is worth while passing, then, to notice the rare recurrence of an opportunity in which the harsh standard of utilitarianism is disregarded, and good offices are asked and granted without any reference to the doctrine of mutuality. Such an opportunity New Zealand has just afforded us in a very marked manner. She has asked us, on the common ground of kindred, to give her what no commercial treaty could have guaranteed. She has appealed to us for what no mere fiscal unification could have entitled her to. And there is something invigorating amid this hard world of politics in the contemplation of the readiness with which that appeal for our blood and muscle as it is, has been responded to. There is no denying the fact, that the demand has been made to us at a disadvantage. No sense of chivalry can disguise the feeling that Victoria is giving to New Zealand what she can very ill spare. The emigration of a few hundreds of our volunteers means the diminution of our population, by the absorption of a portion of its reproductive element. The volunteers that quit our shores for Auckland are not likely to return to us and by the terms of the appeal, they are just the sort of social animal that we are most loth to part with. They must be below the age of forty that is, they must be in the very prime of manhood ; they must be in vigorous health every applicant being subjected to an examination and above all, they must be wholesome members of the body politic, every applicant producing a certificate of good character. On the other hand, the gap that they leave in the citizen community of Victoria must be, as far as they are concerned, permanent. The condition upon which they enlist makes our loss imperative. No military settler, without express permission, will be entitled to quit his settlement. There is no gain- saying the sacrifice at the same time, there is no help for it. All the consola- tion left us must be, that sense of satisfaction which the execution of a duty, combined with the perpetration of a charitable deed, ought to afford. Meantime, we I would guard against any impression of lukewarmness in the cause on our part, which our train of reflections might suggest. To state the case simply and without disguise, we are now being called on to take our share in the disastrous effects of Sir George Grey's native policy. " Willing to wound, and yet afraid to " strike," he has been laying up in store for himself a rod, the recoil of which has now fallen upon our shoulders. Humanity would of course prompt the most callous nature to share in a brother's sufferings, but it is not in human nature to resist a sense of irritation at the recollection that those sufferings were to a very considerable extent self-inflicted. It is on this consideration that, though we are willing to participate in the payment of the cost, we are disposed to grumble at the mode of incurring. the liability. Once reconciled, however, to our share of the penalty, sure we are that no zeal will be wanting on our part to liquidate it. The welcome that the telegram tells us Major Pitt's mission has received in Sydney, when he arrives, will doubtless greet him here. We will not do the volunteers the injustice to suppose that the reward offered for their services will be the foremost calculation among them for tendering them. They are singularly fortunate above their European brethren in arms in having these repeated opportunities of displaying the vitality of the system on which they are based, and they will appreciate their good fortune, independent of any material inducement. They will, of course, fully understand, too, the errand on, which they are bound before they em Taark on it. They will count the costs before they run the risk. The sort of warfare in which they will be engaged is admirably adapted for bringing out into full play all the main principles of their organization. Guerilla like, it will probably be sharp, short, and, it is to be hoped, decisive. The consolation which is enough for a soldier will be theirs " Aut cita mors venu, aut Victoria lots" Their duties in the campaign, we can find no pretence for commenting on. Such works as Colonel Carey's History of the New Zealand War, just published, will teach the novices all that they require to be taught. The colonel, whose book we are not going to discuss just now, but which we cannot help thinking ought to have been entitled, "An Apology for the Conduct of the " New Zealand War, is evidently a very Akistakchus among military critics of volunteers and a course of reading in his rather curt lucubration will be no bad preliminary discipline for volunteers generally. So far as can at present be arrived at, volunteers in the field, unlike Byron's Corsair, have a thousand virtues and but a single crime-that of over eagerness for the fray, ending in fatal presumption when in it, and needless exhaustion when retired out of it. This blemish in their military character, the style of warfare for which they are selected, as is readily allowed, unfortunately has a tendency to 1 aggravate. In the scrub, there can be no price movements of the massed battalion, nor, in rushing a pah, much room for the display of scientific formations. The consequence is, the sort of every-man for-himself philosophy which prevails in the camp, is not unlikely to be productive of what martinets, or, rather, old soldiers of the Colonel Oakey breed, interpret as insubordination. In conclusion, we will not revert to the policy of New Zealand in securing a recruits which shall be at once a source ' of immediate relief and of permanent benefit. The price she guarantees is an attractive one, but not greater than the equivalent she gets for her bargain. We congratulate the candidates for glory and a farm, and at the same time that we wish them in all heartiness God speed, we cannot pay them a better compliment; than by adding that it is not without reluctance that we take our leave of them. When the Speaker entered the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, at half-past four o'clock, to take the chair, Mr. M'Culloch was the only member present. Mr. Richardson followed in the wake of the Speaker, and on the ringing of the bells, a quorum was formed. At five o'clock, when the adjourned debate on the Land Bill was resumed, not a solitary mem kit eat on the Opposition front bench, and the entire Opposition was represented by Mr Levey, while the Comer" exhibited only the three members of the "Stooke party" Mr. Brooke, Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Cathie sitting wide apart, while Dr. Evans, Mr. O'Grady, and Mr. Morton, sat in the extreme corners of the triangle behind. Nor did the attendance in the galleries show that the public generally exhibited any lively interest in the proceedings. The Council gallery was empty in the Speaker's gallery there were three listeners, and in the upper gallery there were only fourteen "strangers." Immediately on the ideas sembling of the House after the hour for refreshments, the bill was read a second time, without a division. On the question, that the Speaker do leave the chair, for the consideration of the hill in committee, Mr. Brooke moved, as an amendment, a resolution in favour of the principle of the occupation licences, which was seconded by Mr. McLellan. On a division, however, thirty- seven members voted against the resolution, and only the mover and seconder for it. The House then went into committee on the bill. Sir. Verdon gave notice in the Assembly last night that, on Friday, he would more for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the volunteer force. In the Legislative Assembly last night, Mr. M'Culloch stated that the Municipalities Bill would be proceeded with as soon as the Land Bill was disposed of. The hon. member said he hoped to be able to proceed with the bill on Tuesday next. Mr. Wright, in the Assembly last night, called attention to the fact that no statement of accounts for the year 1862, in connexion with the Melbourne Cemetery had yet appeared in the Gazette. The hon. member stated that ugly rumours were afloat as to the conduct of the officers, pointing to serious, defalcations. The Government had advanced £2,000 to the trustees, and they ought long ago to have been in a position to repay the amount. Mr. Heales stated, in reply, that no statement of accounts for the year 1862 had yet been received, but he would immediately call for it. A monthly return, laid before the Assembly yesterday by the Commissioner of Customs, shows that between the 25th of June and the 25th of July last, 165 persons of all ages were sent for from England and Wales under the passage- warrant system, 61 from Scotland, and 312 from Ireland. The adults numbered 143 from England and Wales, 49 from Scotland, and 292 from Ireland. In the month of July, 994 adult males, 653 adult females, and 276 children arrived from the United Kingdom and 94 adult males, 9 females, and 15 children from "foreign ports. The grand total of " souls" the colony received by sea during the month, from all quarters, was 8,899. The departures during the month numbered 1,171 " total souls." To the United Kingdom, there went 79 males, 28 females, and 24 children and to foreign ports 22 males, 8 females, and 8 children. The Commissioner of Public Works laid before the Assembly yesterday a statement of the Sewerage and Water supply accounts for the year 1862. The balance-sheet showed that the balance at the end of December, 1861, amounted to £18,78 18s. 3d. The water rates collected amounted to £45,920 9s. 7d. The total receipts from all sources for the year amounted to £70,278 18s. The "expenditure" showed that £10,006 4s. 6d. had been paid into the general revenue; that £21,518 5s. 10d. was expended under the heading stock account s' the " construction" account was £6,129 9s. 9d. the "maintenance" account, £1,807 7s. 10d. and the " departmental expenses and miscellaneous " amounted to £7,644 9s. 4d. A balance remained, on the 31st December last, amounting to £23,013, showing an increase of £4,23) 2s. 6d. The audit commissioners add to their report the" curious fact that accounts against the department amounting to £1,320 have been passed to the Treasury for payment, but never called for. A despatch was laid on the table the Legislative Assembly last night, by the Commissioner of Customs, from the Duke of Newcastle, on the introduction of vine-dressers from Europe. It covered despatches from the vice-consul at Mafia (Island of Minorca) and from the consul at Cadiz. The latter stated that no elector vine-growers were likely to be obtained in his district. The former reports the names, ages, and condition of ten heads of families and single men, representing in all forty six men, women, and children, who were willing to emigrate to Victoria. They are described as tenant-farmers, of cultivators of their own land, from a village noted for its wines, and skilled in the growth and drying of all kinds of fruit. They are related, or connected by marriage, are Roman Catholics, and desire to be settled, if practicable, in the same district. They ask engagements of six or eight years, the cost of their passage and maintenance, one "hard" dollar (or 4s. 2d.) per day, with houses and rations, power to employ their children for their own benefit, and payment of their return passage to Minorca, should they wish, at the end of the term of their service, to return to their native island. One of them, described as " the best manager, grafter, and pruned of vines and other fruit-trees, in the district to which he belongs," wishes to be engaged as an overseer, and, in addition to the terms already mentioned, that he should have a premium of £2 from every person placed under his instructions. Mr. Jeremy, who, on the suspension of Mr. Carruthers, was nominated as acting traffic superintendent of the Victorian Railways, has been confirmed in that appointment. The appointment is a departmental promo- tion; Mr. Jeremy, it will be remembered, having discharged the duties of station master at Woodend when that place was the terminus of the line, and having acted in the same capacity for some time past at Melbourne. The services of the recently appointed travelling inspectors, Messrs. Kidd and Cuthbert, have been dispensed with. At the Richmond Police Court yesterday, Mr. Courtney, the official assignee In the estate of the Provident Institute, summoned a Mr. Kingston for trespass. The defendant, it seemed, was the occupier of a property mortgaged to the Provident Institute The assignees disposed of the property, but Mr. Kingston refused to give the purchaser possession. He was now ordered by the Bench to comply with the demand made upon him within a fortnight's time. In the case of Britten and Son v. S. Barber, the defendant resisted payment of an account of 1895., for draperies and groceries supplied, on the ground that the bill had been run up by his wife without his consent or knowledge. A verdict for the plaintiffs for the full amount claimed was recorded. J. M. Bryant, the landlord of the Cricketers'' Arms, was summoned for selling spirits after lawful hours, and the offence being proved, he was fined 10s. Mr. W. Owens has just issued in Melbourne a map of the. colony of Victoria, which is cor-1 tainly the best we have yet seen for general purposes. It has been beautifully engraved in England and is compiled from Government and other authentic surveys. The amplest information is given, in the clearest possible manner. Upon the same sheet are exhibited, upon a reduced scalp, the whole of the eastern half of the continent, showing the latest ex- plorations, and giving the main geographical features of South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, Cape York Peninsula, and the Gulf of Carpentaria, together with Tasmania. Mr. Owens merits public support for having produced this valuable contribution to geographical science. The adjourned special meeting of shareholders of the Maryborough Mining Association was held, at their office?, yesterday afternoon, convened for the purpose of taking into consideration the necessity of dissolving the association, or of adopting such other means as might be deemed advisable for its relief. Mr. W. Clarke, jun., occupied the chair; and 11,625 ordinary and 554 preferent votes were represented. The first resolution submitted was as follows --" That the operations of the association, after a lengthened trial, having proved unproductive, it is desirable that the association should be dissolved, under the 45th clause of the instru- ment and that the properties, after being properly advertised, should be sold by public auction, and the affairs of the association wound up." This was proposed by Mr. E. Cohen, seconded by Mr. Cantlin, and carried unanimously. The second resolution was to the effect" That the directors should be requested to wind up the affairs of the association in accordance with the previous resolution, and that they he paid the usual commission of five per cent, on the amount realized, as in trust estates." This was proposed by Mr. E. Cohen, and seconded by Mr. A. L. Henriques, and was also agreed to without opposition. This concluded the business of the meeting. The half-yearly festival of the Melbourne Band of Hope will be held, in the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, this evening. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star is " informed that there are about 20,000 Crown grants to be issued under the selection clauses of the Land Act, 1862, of which number 7,783 are in those districts where evasions have taken place and have to be inquired into. Under the existing law three copies of each deed are required making the enormous total of 60,000 copies, so that anxious inquirers as to why they cannot get their title deeds may be answered by the quantity of actual work required to be done to supply them, even if no objection existed to their issue." " The Victoria, says the Geelong Advertiser, arrived on Monday at Queenscliff, to land the ammunition, stores, &c;, for the Queenscliff Battery, and convey the guns from the schooner Empire to their destination, The heavy showers in the afternoon precluded anything being done till four pm , the order for general parade being countermanded. Two dray-loads, with the ammunition stores and some part of the gun-carriages, were conveyed to the battery site, near the old light- house. Yesterday the guns and carriages, some seven tons, were to be placed, while the jetty and plank road are on the invalid list, under repair, so that temporary expedients have to be adopted even for the conveyance of the materials for Government works. Of labour to assist the work there is no lack. The crew of the Victoria, the Customs and health officer's crews are further assisted by the members of the Queenscliff corps generally; and so great has been the effect of the mere sight of the implements of war that it is proposed to form a second corps of the Naval Brigade.'' The thirteenth anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, La Trobe street, Melbourne, was celebrated by two sermons being preached on Sunday last by the Rev. J. C. Grey, of Campbellfield, and a tea and public meeting on Monday evening last. The chapel was well filled. The chair was occupied by Mr. Walsh and addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. B. Grey and J. Langham, and Mr. Eckersall. The chapel being free from debt, the proceeds of this anniversary are to be appropriated towards their new chapel, which is to be erected near to the Trades hall, in Lygon-street. The members of Wesley Church Band of Hope held their quarterly festival on Tuesday evening last, in the schoolroom adjoining the church, in Lonsdale- street, when tea was provided, after which songs, recitations, dialogues, etc, were given by a number of the youthful band. The schoolroom was well filled, the greater portion being young persons. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. J. C. Symons. Mr. Strachan yesterday gave notice in the Council that to-day he will move that the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill he room filled, with the view of having all the clauses up to clause 8, with regard to the brokers' portion of this bill, struck out. Mr. Fraser will to-day ask the Commissioner of Public Works what the Government intended to do with reference to the volunteer force, whose term of service will expire shortly. The Partnerships Bill was read a second time in the Council yesterday. The House then went into committed on the bill, and the several clauses were agreed to, verbal alterations having been made upon one or two of them. Progress was then reported, and the adoption of the report made an order of the day for Thursday. In the Supreme Court yesterday, at the criminal sittings before Mr. Justice Barry, Robert Guest, a small farmer, who lived near I Broadmeadows, was tried and convicted of a capital offence, committed on the 21st ult, on a married woman named Agnes Anderson. The prisoner was sentenced to death. He is a young man of about twenty six years of age, and seemed dreadfully shaken when the verdict was given against him, and sentence passed. We are informed that legal proceedings have been commenced against the area of the Princess's Theatre, for exhibiting " The Ghost." Mr. Bayne, the solicitor, has, however, been instructed by Mr. Fawcett to defend any action that may be brought about the matter. The Prince of Wales Volunteer Light Horse, Metropolitan Troop, will hold foot- drill, at 18 Collins-street this evening, at seven. We have good reason to believe that we were misinformed as to the resignation of Mr. Wilson, member for the Wimmera ; but we must add that we also had good reason for making the statement. In the County Court yesterday, in Sprigg and another v. Kruge, a question of some interest to the commercial world was decided. The plaintiffs sold to defendant a quantity of Liverpool salt, at per ton-eleven bag! to the ton. Defendant refused to accept the salt, unless he received so many measured tons of weight. It appeared that eleven bags were about eighty-four pounds short of twenty hundredweight; but plaintiffs relied partly on an alleged custom of the trade, and partly on the special terms of the bargain. The judge was about to give a verdict for the defendant, when plaintiff's counsel elected to be nonsuited. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. M'Culloch, yesterday, said the Government would ask the House for a small sum of money for a portrait or bust of Sir Henry Barkly. Both Houses would also be asked to vote an address to His Excellency. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill was read a second time in the Council yesterday, and passed through committee. Clause 18, Electoral right to be issued to holder of miner's right without payment, if otherwise entitled," was, on the motion of Mr. Fawkner, struck out. Progress was reported, and the adoption of the report made an order of the day for this day. We beg to remind our readers that a lecture will be delivered this evening at St. George's hall on " Acclimatisation," by Mr. Duffield. We understand that the lecture will have more especial reference to the animal and vegetable productions of South America, a country of which comparatively little is known, and of which the lecturer is well qualified to instruct us, having resided there for many years. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly will take the chair at eight o'clock. The Victorian railways are likely to confer an incidental, though not unimportant, benefit upon the citizens of Melbourne, by enabling the supply of good meat to be largely extended. Arrangements have just been completed for the conveyance to town of cattle slaughtered at the country stations, so that the animals will be spared the travel to Melbourne, and will be killed while they are in good condition. Space has been set apart at the Spencer-street Station for the disposal of the carcases brought down, and the first sale is announced for to-day. 