DICKENS' LAST CHRISTMAS STORY. We propose to say a few words about the Christmas supplement to " All the Year Round," issued by Mr. Charles Dickens. The subject is, we must confess, almost used up, in one way or another, but possibly the recumbent individual who, pipe in mouth, peruses the Courier for information while vegetating in " the interior," may not have had an opportunity of hearing about " Somebody's Luggage." It is a rum sort or title for a bonk, and the Saturday Review has been very heavy in adverse criticism upon it, but we think unwarrantably. The story, as told in the Christmas "extra num- ber," is this. The head waiter at a London coffee house finds that "Somebody" has left his luggage in a room upstairs, and is at last induced, by the solicitations of his mistress, the landlady, to purchase the traps, which he does by paying " Somebody's" score. On examining his investment, he finds that "Somebody" has left a lot of MSS. in various articles of big luggage, and these papers he finds to be tales, narratives, or stories--just as you please. He resolves, after selling the luggage and toggery, to send the papers to the printer's establishment, and the presumption is that he makes an ar- rangement with Dickens to publish them in All the Year Round. But " Somebody" has omitted to place any headings to his stories. " Was he likely to have a heading without any head," says the head waiter; " and where was his head when he took such things into it ?" So the head wailer, evidently not having much head otherwise, calls each writing after the name of the article of luggage in which lt is found. Thus, the first tale, a very read- able thing, in which a surly Englishman in France adopts a child left forlorn by the acci- dental death of a kind-hearted French soldier, is absurdly headed with the title " His Boots." So it is willi the rest. The Saturday Review says that the introductory part of the affair, being evidently written by Dickens himself, is by far the best, and that the papers which follow are trash. We think just the reverse. The introductory part is in the very weakest twaddling vein of Dickens' weakest moments, while some of the papers found in " His Boots," " His Hat Box," " His Brown Paper Parcel," &c.;, possess considerable merit. Now if the reader is not disgusted with our introduc- tion, let us give our backwood friends a rib or two from " His Umbrella," It was not in the spirit of officious gal- lantry that I put my best foot forward, in order to overtake the lady who was walking a few yards before me, across the large field which adjoins the pretty village of Ivyton. About tho attractive qualities of her face and figure I did not care a straw, but she carried one potent charm about her which had for me a fascination wholly irresistible--she carried an umbrella. That the potency of this charm may be fully appreciated, I ought to state that the rain was falling in torrents, and that, al- though it was early in the year, I was not only without an umbrella, but was also desti- tute of an over-coat: having carelessly left one of those useful habiliments in the railway carriage. The shades of evening were just deepening into night, and I need not explain thatm the sensation of being drenched through by a rain which one can scarcely see, is infinitely more disagreeable than the attack of a shower in broad daylight. To the eye the appear- ance of rapidly falling rain is rather lively than otherwise, and to some extent counter- acts the annoyance of a wetting. But in being made aware of the presence of moisture by the sense of feeling alone there is some- thing incalculably dismal and desolate. There was hope in that umbrella (a ging- ham umbrella.) Surely, under the circum- stances, I could solicit a share in it without being deemed extremely rude and imperti- nent. I slushed my way through the inter- minable field, and gained upon the figure. Its outline I could plainly distinguish. It was certainly a female, the dress was of a light color, and-- most important particular-- the wearer of the dress carried, as I have said, a very large umbrella--a gingham umbrella. More I could not ascertain, save that the object of my pursuit was en- dowed with a less amount of curiosity than is usually ascribed to the fair sex. As my feet often glided from the slip- pery path, and splashed into the small puddles by which in many places it was burdened, the noise I made must have been considerable; and most people are anxious to know what sort of a person is walking behind them, when they are in a field about night- fall. Such, however, was not the case with the lady before me. Armed with her um- brella against the inclemencies of the wea- ther, she seemed regardless of everything else. As I have said, I gained upon the lady; but even when I was at her side, with my head under her umbrella (I believe I have already described it as a gingham umbrella), she made no effort to se me or to avoid me. Apparently looking straight before her, she went on as at first; and it is worthy of re- mark that, whereas I made a little splash at almost every step, she seemed to pick her way without difficulty. The few courteous words I uttered did not seem to reach her ear. Perhaps she was deaf ? On tbis supposition I gently took the gingham umbrella by the handle, politely intending to carry it in such a way as to confer upon her the largest share of its benefits. She made no resistance, but let it go at once, and, what was very strange, no sooner was it safely in my grasp, than I found myself alone ! Yes, no one was beside me ; there I stood, whole and sole master of a gingham umbrella. Dressed as she was in light rai- ment, the lady, however rapidly she might have run away, ought to have been visible in some direction; but she was not visible in any direction. Proceeding, then, to the nearest "public," he overhears a respectable old village gossip speering at the landlord whether she has been in the field that night--the night being February 29th, of Leap Year of course ; and he hears the landlord and others chaffing the gossiping old lady for her superstitious notions, the she surmised about being, with- out much doubt, a ghost. Rather ashamed of confessing his suspicions that he has got hold of the ghost's umbrella, he yet, with some incredulous manifestations, contrives to worm out the story from the old lady. " I shall not," he says, " repeat the words of her narrative, for it was somewhat prolix, and abounded in details that did not bear directly on the main subject. It will be sufficient to state that according to the excellent lady's belief one Miss Catherine Crackenbridge had, on the 29th of February, many years before, gone out to meet a clandestine lover, and had been seen to cross Swampy Field. Since that time, nothing had been heard of her. Some supposed that she was entrapped and murdered by a designing villain ; some, that she met with a fatal accident; some, that she committed suicide. This much was certain : that every 29th of February her figure might be seen--in fact, must be seen--to cross Swampy Field about night- fall, by any person who happened to be on the spot." After this, he walks off with the umbrella, but finds that he can't get rid of it. Con- stantly it changes places, returns to him when he sends it away, and, in fact, sticks as closely to him as the shirt of Nessus. This part of the tale is full of humor, sly and quiet, and any one who has been bemused in beer will see that the man's head, and not the umbrella, is at fault. Four years pass over, and at the end of that time, when another 29th February has arrived, he finds an advertisement in the paper of the doy, stating that " C. C." will call and " claim the deposit." And here is the sequel :-- The whole horror of four years ago was forced back upon me. My agony reached its crisis, when, looking at the date of the paper, I shrieked aloud?' The 29lh of February is to-day !' Frantically I rushed into the passage, took the umbrella from its stand, and placed it on the table before me. My eyes were fixed upon it so firmly that every other object faded, and my arms were not only folded, but firmly pressed together, that I might be fully aware of the strength of my own resolution. How long I sat in this state I know not, but after a while I began to feel that I was not alone, though I could not perceive a companion. And there was a strange incon- sistency in the appearance of the room. The looking-glass was over the chimney-piece, and the various articles of furniture were in their places, but the carpet seemed made of wet grass, and the walls were transparent, affording a view of a flat country, in the last light of evening. I could hear the sound of rain, and could feel the drops. In defiance of all the laws of possi- bility, I was in two places at once--in my room in London; and on Swampy Field. A heavy weight rested on my' arm, a cold breath was on my cheek, and close beside me was a pale face that moved its lips, as if speaking with the greatest earnestness; but it gave no sound. When the face had melted away, and the weight was removed from my arm, and the carpet was free from wet grass, and the walls had ceased to be transparent, the umbrella was gone ! The fun of the story, notwithstanding the ghostly power, is the idea pervading the whole that the man was the victim of a weak mind, and of brandy and water, "offensively weak ;" but the writer in the Saturday Re- view cannot see this. The other story of the series which the the same reviewor cuts up is a yarn about a ship's crew getting wrecked on an iceberg, and the thing is ridiculed for its improba- bility, while the fact is that a fine touch of humor winds it up. The hero, a Mr. Monkhouse, tells the tale to the chairman at Lloyd's, and is asked by that keen gent, whether he comes of a German family, to which he replies that he is a Kent man. '"'I beg your pardon," says the chairman, "but I thought your name might be a cor- ruption of a certain Baron whose wonderful adventures have made some noise in the world." To wit, of course, our friend of early days, the illustrious Munchausen. 