The Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1863. THIRTY years ago the Kingdom of Poland was abolished and its territory declared an integral part of the Russian Empire. This act of power closed a revolution which exhibited the desperate gallantry of a people whose military heroism had long commanded the admiration of the world. How came it to pass that such a people could be brought under the yoke and retained in the iron graep of their oppressors ? We must look furthsr than their military history to discover the cause. An im- mense proportion of the inhabitants of Poland were serfs, and had no other interests in the Slate than those which were represented by their lords. The kingdom of Poland bad a constitution pronounced by states- men to be the most absurd in existence. Its monarchy was elective. Its Diets required unanimity in order to pass any decree. Great factions in the State continually distracted it, anti thus foreign Powers exercised an in- fluence which often made the kingdom of Toland dangerous to its neighbours. Military heroism and fine physical development constituted the great charm of the Polish nation, while the ruthless division of their territory by three Powers which violated in that act the conscience of mankind, created for them an interest in the whole civilised world. '1 be ghost of Polund has haunted the pillow of its tyiai.ts, and whenever Europe has been' Bgiiated, and the opportunity has occurred to stir up the " people, we have seen them rush to arms. The revolution of Warsaw in 1830 is fresh in tho recollection of most persons who have passed the middle period of life. It was not then the time of telegraphs, but they will recall the breathless expectation willi which the fate of that war was watched by the sympathising nations of Europe. The last struggle was fraught with examples of devotion and patriotism, and left some feeble hopes of %ictory. But the mighty power of i Russia beset the walls of Warsaw, and wielded by so strong a will as that of Nicholas, the molutionwas crushed, and the name of Poland blotted from the map of Europe. Rut though manacled and down-trodden, Poland still lived, and showed signs of life and vigour in the revolution of 1848. Perhaps success might have attended the efforts of that hour but for the pcriuly of the Austrian Go- vernment, which circulated among the pea sai.try an impression that they were betrayed by the nobility, and offtred rewards to any who should bring in their nobles, living or dead. Thus the lower class of society was stirred up by calumnies against the higher, and the revolution was suppressed by a massacre which has earned the execration and hatred of mankind. Those three powers, Russia, Prussia, and Austria, are still the spoilers of Poland. They have often been divided in- their views on other questions, but in this they are united. The tptestion is once more placed before the world whether Pohnd shall rise again. An extreme act of tyranny sctms to have brought the subject anew before the civilised nations. To pursue exiles into a foreign country is " to shut the gates of mercy on mankind." It was among 'the horrors of the Roman Government under Tiberius that on whomsoever the glare of tyranny rested it followed him to all regions. lhere was no shelter dark enough to preserve | him from the stroke of the avenger. Despots have often endeavoured to procure by agree- ments among themselves a similar ubiquity. Extradition of felons who have committetl crimes against nature and society is easily converted into a reason for delivering up the unfortunate patriot who, despairing of his country and her cause, seeks to hide himself upon some foreign shore. Hie feeling of the whole world, however,rises up in his favour, and forbids tho tyrant to pursue. The boundary of his authority is to be the boundary of his ven- geance, and France as well as England has maintained this principle as fundamental to modern civilisation. The war in America may be traced to the same origin. The tyrant who holds his fellow- man in bondage seeks auxiliaries in nations who detest that bondage and consider it a crime. But to escape is the right of the slave, as well as the resource of the unfortunate patriot, and the humanity of civilized nations will neither permit assistance to be given to the robber who enslaves, nor to the tyrant who slaughters. It would be a glorious thing if ever the Western nations should stand beside Poland, and be found upholding so noble a principle by offering a check to the insolence of an insutiable despot- ism. It would be noblet still if, under their auspices, Poland should be enabled to rise and recover her rank among the nations. There are doubtless many difficulties in her path. The mass of the people arc ignorant. There is less unity than appears upon the surface, and to a great extent war and Siberia and foreign exile have swallowed up the leaders of the people. There are, however, still surviving a few noble i names, and many glorious memories ; but whether these will be sufficient to form a raiding point about which a nation may be re- constructed, and become a great barrier to the despotism of Russia, is a matter on which the opinions of even France and England are greatly divided. All wo can do is to hope that the sorrows of Poland may be assuaged-that her liberties may be restored-that a nation which was so great a favourite with most c'.vilissd countries may become once more what it cer- tainly long was-a great barrier against the aggression of ascmi barbarous people. Oncthing is perfectly clear,-that the deliverance of Poland can only be accomplished by the inter- ference of France and other favouring nations. Wc doubt if such a ta«k will be at present un- dertaken, and comprehensive as the facts seem lo be which appear in our telegram we are in- clined to suppose that as in many former in- stances the interference of Western Europe will mitigate rather than íestore. One thing, however, may inspire the idea that Napoleon has enttrtained special views in reference to Poland. Among the most dan- gerous insurrections of 1848 in Paris, was that in reference to the Polish question, the inter- ference of France being demanded for tbe rescue of the Polish people. The French nation has always sympathised strongly with Poland. The first Napoleon promised the restoration of the monarchy in reward for the fidelity of the soldiers to his banner. Even in his last cam- paign, so disastrous to his own fortunes, the Polish nation was animated by the idea that on returning triumphant from Russia he would restore their monarchy and constitute them once again an independent people. Napoleon the Third has avowed himself the patron of oppressed nationalities. He has indeed a great work to accomplish, which may well fill out the longest life, before he will realise all these schemes of reconstruction and restoration. Such projects are extremely fascinating, and not altogether improbable, for certainly the move- ment of mind in all nations is toward those affinities of national life which sever unnatural unions and oppose the tyrannical and arbitrary distribution of peoples under Governments having no natural sympathy with them. Such is the idea of French politicians, and certainly nothing would raise Napoleon so high in the estimation of his countrymen as an effective movement for the redención of Poland, So far as actual fighting is concerned, the news from America docs not present any materially new phase of the war. The only important movement has been the naval action in front of Charleston. The intended attack upon that city has been neutralised by being anticipated. Instead of waiting to be attacked, the Confede- rates took the initiative—a proceeding for which the Federals were evidently quite un- prepared. Two iron-clads have been built in Charleston harbour. They are probably very inferior to their Federal compeers, as the manu- facturing resources of the South are not to be compared with those of the North. But they were sufficient for their work, and do not seem to have had to contend with any greater difficulty than a superior number of wooden vessels. The Federals undoubtedly suffered a defeat, but the Charleston ironclads do not seem to have played any such havoc as might have been expected from the presence of two of them among a wooden fleet. The actual loss in men and ships is a trifle to the Federal- ists, who can replace both without difficulty. The misfortune of the engagement arises from the prestige it gives to the South of another victory, and a victory too on the water. As it was, the Confederates evidently met with much less success than they had hoped for. From BEAUREGARD'S proclamation it is evident that they had hoped to destroy the blockading squadron, and to involve Great Britain and France in the discussion of the ques- tion as to whether the blockade had not been broken. But the promptitude with which the Federal navy again sealed up the port has prevented any diplomatic imbroglio arising from this cause. The engagement, however, shows that the Confederates are not unprepared for a desperate resistance at Charleston, and it is rumoured that the Federals, rather than risk a defeat, have postponed the intended attack on that city and are turning their attention to Savannah, on the coast of Texas ; and in the Stone River the Confederates have also seized isolated vessels. These efforts, though in them- selves comparative1y unimportant, greatly harass and add to the labours of the American naval service. It is necessary, in order to blockade a coast with so many inlets, that the vessels of the blockading fleet should be scattered, and often isolated and away from mutual assistance. Any solitary one caught within reach of shore guns may be pounced upon and disabled. There has been another duel between an iron-clad and a fort, in which neither came off victorious. But if vessels of the Mootauk class can stand being peppered at for several hours without suffering material damages, they will be able to run the gauntlet of any forts. The only way of stopping them will be by booms, or obstructions in the bed of the channel, as was done at Fort Darling on the James River. But in a broad river or an estu- ary this may be impossible. Richmond being neglected for the present, the Federal army is evidently being concen- trated in the south-west for an attack on Vicksburg. This is sound policy, and has been only too long deferred. If the control of the Mississippi were once secured, the Federal cause might be made triumphant in all the States west of the great river ; and then, though it might be necessary to let the South go, the great half-settled States of Missouri, Arkansas, Texas, and even Louisiana, would be secured to the Union and to free labour, and the Confederacy would be hemmed in. In order to embarrass the defence of Vicks- burg, the levee of the Mississippi has been cut. This river for many hundreds of miles has been artificially embanked, so as to secure to cultivation the ground formerly covered with the overflow when the river is high. By cutting the bank the country round Vicksburg will be flooded, and reinforcements will be cut off. This will make the intended attack one of altogether a different character to the recent one, and may possibly lead to a different result. General M'CLELLAN is once more in com- mand, though it does not appear distinctly what army he is to command. The old army of the Potomac is being broken up and re-dis- tributed. A large force is being congregated under BURNSIDE at Suffolk. This looks as if the idea of advancing on Richmond by that route were still entertained ns an ultimate project; but for immediate results it is more probable that the large force is concentrated there simply to ensure success in the contemplated attack on Weldon, in North Carolina. Any serious attempt at Richmond requires to be backed by a very large force. Very extensive earthworks have been thrown up round the city, which is said now to resemble a vast entrenched camp. In this case it can only be reduced by a regular siege, and is not to be captured by a coup de main. It is hardly likely, therefore, that the North would waste its strength on efforts dis- proportioned to the work on hand. The Federal Government will not improve its position in the eyes of the world by issuing letters of marque. There is no Southern fleet to prey upon, and to resort to such an extremity in order to catch the only two cruisers the Confederates have afloat, is a practical confession of the weakness of the American navy which is not very dignified. Mr. SEWARD also virtually confesses himself to have been insincere in the pretence he made less than two years ago of his desire to put down privateering, and his willingness to join in the declaration made at the Congress of Paris. If the Federal privateers confine themselves to chasing the Alabama or to capturing vessels that are running the blockade, no international questions will arise. But there is reasonable ground for apprehension that, once afloat, they will worry what is purely a neutral commerce, and so give rise to reclamations which may involve serious international complications. Mr. SEWARD will not willingly push matters to an extremity with M. MERCIER. He has no more wish for a war with France than one with England, though he likes to show fight to both. But it is not safe for him to go so far with France as it is with England. The Emperor is leaning towards recognition ; and anxious as he is on many grounds to act in concert with Great Britain, he has now special interests in Mexico which modify his diplomacy and draw him towards an independent course of action. The principles he avowed in his letter to General FORNEY cannot prove acceptable to the Ameri- cans. If he has to contend for them, he may think it easier to do so with the South alone than with the whole force of the re-united States ; and for the present, therefore, a disrup- tion of the Union may be more in harmony with his views than the triumph of the North. If that is his policy, Mr. SEWARD will only be playing his game to give him an excuse for sup- porting Secession. THE CAPTAIN COOK COMMEMORATION.—A full meet- ing of the sub-committee was held yesterday forenoon, at the offices of Messrs. Richardson and Wrench, when a long conversational discussion took place as to the most conve- nient and pleasant mode of conveying the intending excur- sionists to the scene of the proposed celebration. Several methods were suggested, but the final determination of the matter was deferred to receive the report of two members specially appointed to make a visit to the Bay. From the warm manner in which the project has been taken up, it is expected that a very numerous body of people will be pre- sent, and the committee were most anxious that all the arrangements should be carried out in a manner calculated to make it a day of pleasure, without any of the defects and annoyances be frequently attendant on large demonstra- tions. It was proposed, amongst other things, to hold a regatta in the bay, and a special committee was named to consider (he suggestion, and to make the requisite arrange- ments. FOUND DROWNED.—An inquest was held by the City Coroner at the Observer Tavern, George-street North, yesterday, on the body of a man named Charles May, aged thirty-five years. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased man was a shipwright, and was employed by Messrs. Hely and Harpur, at their works near the gas- works. May, who lived at Balmain, left work at half-past four on Saturday last, and between six and seven o'clock he went into the Dumbarton Castle public-house, and had something to drink. Subsequently he went to a butcher's, and it was observed that he was under the influence of drink, but he appeared capable of taking care of himself. Shortly after seven o'clock, however, he went down to his boat, and was seen by a man who knew him trying to get the boat off. On Sunday morning, the captain of a schooner called the Otago, saw the body lying on the bot- tom, at a depth of about six feet. The body was got out, and shortly afterwards removed to the dead-house, Circular Quay. His wages amounted to £3 12s., but when the body was found the sum of £2 18s 9½d. only was found in his pocket. Verdict, " Found drowned in Darling Harbour." SECOND CROPS —The late fine sunny weather after the rain has in many places that we have beard of had the de- sired effect of bringing forth fine second crops of hay, in some cases far better than the first.—Braidwood Dispatch. 