VESSELS WRECKED. W KÎCS op mi. HESCULKAN -Captain Murphy, late of the above schooner, ha« supplied na with the following particular« of her loss -Lift Sydney Deads on Tuesday, 2lth ultimo, at 6 p m , the wind being fresh from tho southward. The master remained on deck until nearly 1 a.m., then retired, leaving the mate in charge, requesting when within three mile» of Nobby'« light be should be called, and also to stand on and off till daylight. The night was beautifully clear, tbo moon shining brightly. At 3 16 am. tbe captain was aroused to save himself, as tho vessel was close In a ground swell, he at oncejrushod on deck and tried to wear, but being too near shore she would not come round , let go both anchors so as to sav o the lives of those on board, and get her stem inside of starboard, but the starboard cable ported, and be- fore the port one could bring her up elie struck the reef and soon became a total wreck. LOSS OF THE HOPE AND SPORTING LASS AT BAMPTON SHOAL. - The following particulars have been furnished to us by Captain Gifford, the master of the vessel :- The American whaling ship Hope, 300 tons register burthen, L. S. Gifford, master, belonging to New Bedford, sailed from Sydney, on a two years' cruize, in July last. She was tolerably successful in taking whales up to the 17 th October last, on which date she got stranded on Bampton Shoal. The weather at the time was fine, and the disaster was solely owing to an error of nearly forty miles in the position of the shoal, as laid down on Captain Gifford's chart. From the time of the wreck to the 30th October, the ship's com- pany were engaged in securing provisions, stores, and other articles from the ship by means of the boats. These they con- veyed to an island near the scene of the disaster Subsequently, from the 30th October to the 6th November, the crew were em- ployed in repairing the boats, to render them fit for the passage to the Australian coast. The party were ready to leave the island on the 6th November, but during the ten following days, to the 16th, such heavy weather prevailed that it was deemed imprudent to put to sea. At daylight on the morning of tho 13th November a brig was seen on the reef about six miles distant from the Island, which was occupied by the master and crew of the Hope, The crew were afterwards seen to abandon the brig, and come towards the Island in the boats, when it was ascertained that the vessel was the Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master. Captain Ben- nett, as our readers will remember, was cast away some few months ago at the same place, in the schooner Prince of Denmark, from the remains of which he constructed a smaller vessel called the Hamlet's Ghost, and in which he made his way to Brisbane. The crew of the Sporting Lass saved nothing from their vessel ex- cept what was taken into the boats when leaving her, and she soon afterwards became a total wreck. The two ships' companies re- mained together on the Island for two days after the second wreck, and on the 17th November the entire crew of the Hope left the shoal in the four boats which belonged to her, and in company with five boats containing the crew of the Sporting Lass. The whole of the nine boats remained together until the evening of the 19th, when Captain Gifford lost sight of the five boats belonging to Captain Bennett, also of one of his own, which was in charge of the third mate. The three now remaining con- tinued their course without further accident, and on the morning of the 24th instant, at three o'clock, they made Cape Moreton light. They reached Brisbane about eight o'clock yes terday morning, all in good health and spirits. It is supposed that the six missing boats have proceeded on to Sydney, it being Captain Bennett's intention to go thither without first putting into Brisbane, and as far as we can learn there are no apprehen- sions to be felt respecting their safety. Respecting the vessel herself, we learn that she has been absent from New Bedford about six years on her present voyage. With her cargo on board, as at present lying on the shoal, she is valued at 70,000 dollars. Captain Gifford is a heavy loser, and in all probability has lost the earnings of many years' toil - Courier TnK vi Eïci. op TIIK LMMA COLVIN -The following particular» have been furnished by Captain Khig, master of the Emma Colvin, from Sydney to New Caledonia, with cattle -Wednesday, noon, November 11th. In latitude 23 32 S, and longitudo 16t>4 E, strong winds and squall v. and thick, with «mall rain, Dumbca passage bearing N. À E, distance 71 miles, 4 p.m , wind haaling to tho N W. and W.N W , tacked to the northward, getting v cry thick, with small drizzling ram. 4 a.m , sharp squalls with rain, wind hauling to the westward , stowed topgallant sail» and single-reefed the topsails. 8, weather moro moderate, and getting more clear, wind hauling to lb» S W. 10 p m , wind S.W , nnd clear weather at times. Midnight les« wind, log hove every hour, and look- out particularly attended to, a,m,, November 12tb. Moderate wind, hauling to tho 8. and P.P.W lam, hauled tbe ship's head tip te. W ami W. bj B , expecting the HMp to be abreast of tbo Bialorta Passage, 3 45 ii in, wura »hip, und steered L by N At n0 am, i riff reponed ahead, luve iho holm bald down Ihe ship caine np to the wind, but in doing eo ehi- struck and stcippid her »av , her bo v fell off about twopoints, foreed lers'lf nt end about tuice her length, nnd stoj ped bioadside upon the main reef and commonccl rolling ix rcinvelj heavy, muklng i o water Tried all available uioanB to Lcthiroff, but witbuiii success Sounded about halfliir length oultddoof her, ami LOt26ftet, onci and a hilf IIT lenuth, no bottom at UO fitbome. hhip rolling feurfull}, and striking aft excessively hiuvy Al 6 a.m the rud 1er uiiahippcil and sltrn Io»t started, and mulling water very fist 7am, put tho boats out lo land the passengers on an Island just v l»lble, about 5 union distant buccteded in getting thom lill tutfi ly on shore, when a iKiat started lor Port e)L lmiico to look for the assistance of u itiaincr 1 miling that the ehip was making one f lot i f water in live minutes, und the weather getting verj thli k, and i heavy mell getting up from the H W , the ship rolling her starboard WHter wn>8 In the wnter, making it impossible for nnv onoto Bland on bir deck Thought it test (cn nothing could be done for the ship, ami having one mile to pull the boals before gelling a j ussugc Iktough Ihe reef) for nil hnnd« to leave her, whioh was l'une at 7 St ti ra , and all landed safa on Ihe lnliir ii nt 1 JO p m si lp breaking up, hcrfitiirbrnrd bow dropping ti inn to scaw ird , tluving irish from the S S VV , with a he ivy sea breaking ov.r her , small rain ultimen At 6 p m , tihip with a strong hat to "tur board, sea striking her deck« excessively heavy Daj light of the 13th, moderate and I ne , no appearance of tho ship , vient out in the culler and found lhat Bho bid broken up during the night; tin onlj thing visible waa her port timbers and part oftopgillint forecastle, port tnlo went back lo the island again, and waited ft r ii steamer, whioh was expected, and arrived on the morning of the Uti), when all passengers and crew were taken on board, and landed safe at Port de Frinrc, quilo destitute of everything. Captain huie attribute» the los« of his ship lo a s'rong S ö.ii. current. 