POLICE COURTS. '?' Adelaide: Monday. February 2. I Before Mr. S. Ii»ilifiinu- V M 1 DRUNK AND OlBCEXE.— Patrick (Jatsidu was fined 5s. for Iwing drunk and using obscene lan guage in Pirie-street on January 31.. ASSAULT. — (Uilhcrinn lienllm nms plinrreml nr!»1i feloniously assaultiuc James Southwell in Flin ders-street on February 1. From the evidence of the complainant and a witness.it apjieared that the complainant was standing outside his house on February ], playing with his child, when the defendant approached and struck him on the head with a broom- handle, which' knocked him down senseless.— Across-information was laid by Patrick Bentloy, husband of the former defendant, against James Southwell, for using insulting words and behaviour towards him on the same day. The complainant stated that the defendant went to his (complainant's) house on the day iu -iue»tion, and wanted him to go out and fight, and nls language and behaviour were very abusive and insulting. The complainant's wife corroborated her husband's evidence. His Worship remarked that he could not decide in cither case upon the evidence adduced, but he would adjourn the case till Monday next, to enable both parties to obtain further evidence. Larceny.— Catherine Kelly was charged with stealing a pint of rum, value 2s. Gd., the property of Mary Waite, ou February 1. It appeared from the evidence of Mrs. Waite and her son that the prisoner and her husband went to the Stag Inn, in Bundle-street, at about a auarter past 2 in the afternoon, and while Mrs Waite was putting th; prisoner's husband (who was drunk) out of the house, the prisoner was seen by the little boy to go behind tho counter, and, taking the bottle of rum produced, she hid it in her dress. When she got outside Mr.s. Waite noticed her attempting to conceal something under her dress, anil, on goingup to her, she found the Iwttly of rum on her. The prisoner, on being arrested and cautioned, .said she did not know but what her husband hail paid for the rum. She was committed for trial at the next sittings of the Local^Court to be held on Friday, February (J. Negligence in Driving. -John PicJcering was fined 10.s. for riding on hh horse-dray In Way mouth-street that day without having any one on foot to guide his horses or any reins with which to manage them. Port Adelaide: Monday, February 2. [Before Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M.J Disordeiilies.— Itoberl Light and 11. Phillip were fined 10s. each for disorderly behaviour and fighting on Saturday night— Robert Lockwood, for inciting the above persons to resist tho police, was also fined 10s. The Foreign Olu Gentleman. — Your little old men abroad live, when they are to be found extant at all, to a prodigious age. They seem to be subject to the same mummifying in fluences as the bodies of the old monks in Sicily. They grow very yellow, very withered, their bones .seem to crack as they walk, but they don't die. Take my friend Kstremailura, for instance. I have known Sennr l!arno;i do Kstremadura ever since I can remember tho knowledge of anything. That Hidalgo knew my papa, and he has l»een dead flve-iuid-thirty rears. Estremadura was so (?Id when I was a child that the nurses used to frighten me with him. I have met him off and on in almost every capital in Europe. Only this bummer, drinking tea with certain friends, there came a brisk though treinul'HW double knotk at the door. ' Eo.uuv,'1 cried the lady of the house, 'that Kiirely i.s Ustreniadura's knock.' Estre madur.i ! There was a cry of derisive amazement. Kverylwdy agreed that he had liuen dead ten years. Somebody had seen an account of his funeial in the newspaperH. But tlio door nK'iied, and Kstremadura made his appear-une. He was the same as ever. The Kanso yellow face, black !-ead-l:ke eyes, innumerable wrinkles, and fixed gnn; the same stwy hat, ynvss-Breen coat, white trousers, and big stick— hn unvarying costume oven since I have known him. 'How you do.' wa-s his salutation to me. ' Ver well since 1 haw you lassef' I had not seen him for fifteen years. He chatted, and talked, and drank toa. He was asked whence he had come? From Home. Whither he was going .' To Stockholm. He was charming : yet we could not help feeling, all of us, that we were sitting in the presence of a facetious phantom — of a, jocular ghost. It was mtlier a relief when he skipped away, and was seen no more. 1 wonder whether he will ever turn up again. It is clear thatEstreraadura is !X», if he he a day old; vet I dare say he will read the account of my death if anybody takes the trouble to advertise that fa-t in the newspapers, and say; 'Aba! and so he die Mi ! I knew his good papa ver welL-^l« tf c Year J^wOHUirlt 