THE HAPPIEST LAND IN EUROPE. (From the "Spectator.”) On the right bank of the Rhine, surrounded by the spurs of the Pennian Alps, in wondrous romantic scenery, lies a country which may well be called the happiest in Europe. It is a monarchy, yet has no budget, no public debt, no standing army, no costly navy, has no beggars, no bishops, no nobles no bureaucracy, no prime ministers, and no income tax collectors. The people of this felicitous realm live in peace and contentment, for there never was more than one lawyer among them, who drowned himself, years ago, in a fit of ennui ; and most of them grow to a hale old age, out of sheer ignorance and for want of doctors. The name under which this extraordinary country is set down on the maps of the world, is the Principality of Lichtenstein. In the dull books of geography which profess to sketch the earth and the ful- ness thereof the Lichtenstein is des- cribed as an independent State of South Germany, having an area of forty-two and a half square miles, a population of 7,313 inhabitants, tants and furnishing a contingent of fifty-five men and one drummer to the army of the Teutonic Confederation. The recent in- vestigations have shown, however, that these statistics are very nearly fabulous. Lichtenstein is certainly quite an independent country among the States of the world ; but its population is proved to consist of but 7,150 sonls,while,owing to treacherous movements of the old river Rhine, the area of the Monarchy cannot be admitted to be more than thirty-nine and three-quarters square miles, English measure. As to the Germanic army of fifty-five men, it never existed but on paper, and even the soli- tary drummer must be declared, after deep critical researches, to be as great a myth as the sea-serpent. The false rumor of the army with the drummer probably arose from the fact of the sovereign possessing some three- score livery servants, who were fond of parading the streets of the city of Vaduz, the metropolis of Lichtenstein, during the occasional sojourn of Prince John. This temporary residence has recently become a notable matter in the his- tory of Lichtenstein ; for it occasioned a re- volution in the happy little Principality not many weeks ago, and brought into existence the newest constitution in Europe. The people of Lichtenstein declare that they are fond of their sovereign, and it must be said that they have every reason to be so. They do not pay him a single farthing in the way of civil list or any other kind of income ; but they expect him to expend a fair share of his pri- property within the realm over which he has the honor to rule. On a lofty rock on the right bank of the Rhine, high above the city of Vaduz, stands the old Castle of Lichtenstein, somewhat in ruins in the upper part, but still habitable in the lower and it has always been the earnest desire of the subjects of the now reigning Prince John II., that he should reside in this mansion as all his ancestors did. His Highness, a young man of only twenty-two, gay and unmarried, refused to accede to this request, arguing that he had a right to spend his money where he liked. Besides, he main- tained the old castle of his ancestors was haunted by the ghost of the crazy lawyer who had drowned himself in the neighboring Rhine, and that it was, therefore, no longer a fit residence for a sovereign prince. Nevertheless, out of sincere affection for his beloved subjects, John II. expressed his willingness to send his three score and odd footmen for a month or two in the year to Vaduz, to enliven the hearts, of the fifteen hundred inhabitants of the metropolis, and show them the latest fashions from Vienna. It seemed a fair offer on the part of an independent sovereign who has got no civil list ; but the people of Lichten- nevertheless, refused to listen to it. The agitation continued, growing to such an extent, that at List the Parliament of the country had to take the subject in hand. The national representation of Lichtenstein — consisting, in virtue of a Constitution granted by the pre- decessor of John, on November 9, 1818, of an Upper and a Lower House, the former boasting three life peers, elected by the clergy; the latter, eleven deputies, chosen by all citizens worth two thousand florins, and, as particularly ordered law, "not quarrelsome” —assem- bled accordingly in the spring of the present year. After some warm debates, both Houses resolved to send a deputation to Prince John II., residing at Vienna, and to request his Highness once more, humbly, yet seriously, to leave the distant capital, and take up his abode among his own subjects. The deputation arrived at Vienna in August last, and was received by the the Prince with the greatest cor- diality. A long series of conferences then took place, in which his Highness condescended to explain to his subjects the whole state of the question from his own point of view. He showed them, by numerous briefs and documents, that he was the sole owner of more than a dozen mediatized principalities and lordships of great extent, comprising the vast domains of Troppau and Jugerndorf in Upper Silesia, and immense estates in Moravia, making together an area of 2,200 square miles, with a population of 360,000 souls, and an annual revenue of more than two millions of florins. His Highness argued that as the Principality of Lichtenstein was happy in not possessing a budget at all, and as his subjects did not think it worth while to pay him for the trouble of governing them, they could have no claim upon his place of sojourn; and the Prince wound up his statement by appealing to the good sense of the deputies, and leaving it to them whether it would be fair to persuade him to reside at the haunted old castle of his ancestors instead of in lively Vicuna, so near his vast domains and his really profitable tenants. The arguments were too strong not to convince the deputation, the members of which at length returned to Lichtenstein, to reports the peers and commons of the realm. New discussions ensued, the upshot of which was an unanimous resolution of the two Houses to elaborate a new Constitution, in conformity with the spirit of the ago to which was added a request to Prince John II. to build himself a residence at Vaduz-at his own expense of course - and to reside therein during at least part of the year. In the face of such unanimity, and seeing the reasonableness of both demands, with the imminent danger before him of losing his popularity, his Highness conformed to the expressed wish of his subjects, and, while sending an architect to Vaduz, at the same time approved the proposed national Charter of Lichtenstein. The new Constitution came into force on the 15th of October last, and is held to be, by German politicians, the most perfect in the world. The preamble of the new Charter recites that the people of Lichtenstein are determined to up- hold the liberty and independence of their country, and will obey no laws but those made by their own representatives, in Parliament assembled. This is a thrust at Austria, who is believed to have influenced the actions of the legitimate sovereign for some considerable time. To prove, out all recurrence of foreign control, the price for the future must either reside personally in the country, or, during his absence, appoint a governor-general, in whose hands the whole executive force is placed. The legislative power is to be, as before, entirely in the hands of the national Parliament ; but with this important alteration, that there will be only one House of Representatives, consisting of fifteen members, three to be chosen by the reigning prince, and the other twelve by the people, in public election. The property qualifications for voting tire considerably reduced ; but the old condition concerning quar- irksomeness remains, intact, and is to be more strictly enforced than over. Moreover, every man who goes to the poll has to give proof that he can read and write, and he has received otherwise a fair education, and no person is admitted whose reputation is not satisfactory in the opinion of twelve of his neighbors. The Parliament thus formed must assemble at least once a year ; but it may sit oftener, according to the necessities of the country. All high functions, that of the sovereign included, are to be honorary, as before, with the exception of the post of Governor-General, to which is allowed the handsome stipend of 600 florins, or £60 per annum. Lastly, it is provided that there shall be no taxes imposed upon the people otherwise than by a vote of three-fourths of the national representatives in two successive parliaments, the second of them expressly selected for this purpose. To conform to the requirements of the German Confeder- ation of which Lichtenstein is proud to be a member, the fifty-five fighting men, with the drummer, which the Principality has to con- tribute to the Teutonic army of reserve, are henceforth honestly to be kept ready, not merely on paper, but in blue and a scarlet reality. They are all to be volunteers, however, to prevent even the shadow of taxation making inroad into the happy land of Lichtenstein. The publication of the Constitution of Lichtenstein, little more than a week ago, has made an immense sensation in Germany, which, as is well known, is just now laboring under rather severe constitutional court trials. The subjects of King William I., in particular, look with envious eye upon the charter granted by Prince John II, and many of them seem not indisposed to clamor for something similar in their own country. But what appears to give supreme satisfaction to the Germans of all nationalities, from Reuss-Schleiz-Greiz to Schwarzburg- Sondershausen-Rudolstadt, is the one- chamber system at present inaugurated in the Princi- pality of Lichtestein. In the whole of the thirty States of the Confederation, without exception, the Chambers of Lords seem to have proved failures ; in some instances to such a degree that even the sovereign and his ministers wished to get rid of them as an un- mitigated nuisance. The new principle of the Lichtenstein constitution, therefore, which gives to the monarch the right of election of nearly one-fourth of the representatives, in lieu of an upper chamber of legislature, is calculated to gain assent of not a few among the more liberal rulers of Germany. Prince John II. of the house of Este — the same house from which our own royal family trace their descent — has already begun the exer- cise of his new political privilege. Before ever the people of his Principality have chosen their twelve representatives, he had named the three deputies the selection of which the constitution left to him. The trio are declared, by universal consent, to be in every respect the most worthy men in the country. One of them is the former professor, now minister, Anthony Gmelch, a man well known through the whole of Ger- many for his eminent literary attainments. "A new era is dawning upon Lichtenstein," ex- claims as Augsburg journal, discussing the Constitution and these nominations. The " era" is very microscopic, no doubt, and its elements are not without a shade of ludicrousness; but there is also not a little in it that is extremely serious and worthy of attention. It may seem to many that Lichtenstein remains more than ever the happiest land in Europe. 