"55ß POLICE AND THE BUSHRANGERS. (From the Burrangong Star, August 29.) « WBBN shall we be rid of the bane of tins district > a a question often asked, but very difficult to answer The plundering system is again rearing its heid in ourrflidBt Iho bushrangers are revisiting their old haunts, as daring as ever , and now, if possible, moro hardened m crime Again, we suppose, will this mne «oread through the length and breadth of the Und hke some pestilent disease-blighting, as the m«9 tree. aU within its region When we consider X small number of the robbing fraternity and the utee force ef police at the disposal of the (Wrnmenr, it appears to us almost incompre- hensible that tbey ha\e not been captured. Another column will show that more sticking up (as it is rnlomally termed) has occurred during the present ».nk and a recontre with Sir Frederick Pottinger and his troopers, which ended in the recapture of some Zlen ¿orscs, and the firing of a few shots at the bnthraneers 1 hey escaped from the police, m con «ouence of possessing fro h howes There can be no doubt that this bushrnnging system lus done, and will continue to do, this district a \ery serious injury Tra- vclling, with any degree of safety, will be almost impossible People do not like to risk both life and mopcrty, and we shall soon become au uolated com munitv in a business point ot view it is -very detri- mental to our prosperity The safe uansmiision of our staple product-gold dust-is a nutter ior serious coiuideiaticn The unprotected state of our mails causes a natural apprehension that tln.se aro daily liable to be robbed with impunitt, and their contents scattered to the wmdB To the mercantile oo nmunity in patticular this is a matter that L luses great un easiness It is an object of the most vital importance that their letters should be delivers 1 v> ith every pos- sible despatch, and any stoppage becomes a great ob- ject of complaint While the bushrangers are con stantly prowling about it is impossible to aleulate «ith any degree of certainty, upon tho safe delivery of their correspondence The outlying stores and stations mu6t be hourly in fear of a visit fiom the bushrangers It u impissible to lave the police stationed everywhere, and some (in fact the gleitest poriion) of the storekeepers are ex- posed to pillage, and, in case of resistance, ill usage, cr perhaps, murder Every exertion possible should be made in order to provide the police wah the best horsee that can be procured lhe price ought to be a Betondary consideration on the part of the Govern- ment The desperadoes aro mounted on very fleet horses, and even supposing they vera knocked up, .what great difficulty have they m supplying them lelvcB with others » Very little Ihey know every station in the district We might go further, and say almost every horse of any value, and suitable for their purposes Had Sir Frederick Pottin- ger and those vtho accompanied him been mounted on fresh horsis, equal to those possessed by the bushrangers, probablv they would have captured some of the scoundrels who Tentuted so near the Flat on Moadav last We ara of opinion that the Booner the troopers are supplied with first class horses the sooner will the bushrangers be captured It ap pears the onl> fair chance they have of doing to At all the police stations spare horses ot the best description ought to be kept in constint readiness for a ro mount, so that whenever the police are hard pressed m their pursuit of the robbers, they would be able to get an immediate supply ol the best of horses It is a falte economy to he sparing of money in a matter of this kmd lhe greater portion of the pohce now stationed here would not be n°cessary if the bushrangers were once captured and safely secured The great expense tun must be to the colony would be Baved, and we need scarcely expatiate upon tho invaluable benefit it would be to this disturbed district if once this great consummition could bo arrived at We are aware that the pohce have very great difficulties to contend with We have reason to believe that they are using the most strenuous exertions to apprehend these rufhant, but they have manv obstacles to surmount The innumerable spies that infest the district and convey the promptest information to the bushrangers, is not the slightest of these lhe worst IB the number who harbour as well as convey to them the move- ments of the police Ihcse are great and serious draw tads, and such as must militate against them The lnspedor-Qineral of Police appears tobe taking the most iNiKdBTic siEi s and using every exertion in his power lo ensure the capture of the miscreants who have so long defied the laws with impunity We have every reason to believe that he has left no stone unlw ned io accomphth this The police are kept constantly at their work, and they have little rest, night or day Captain M'Lerie appears determined to put down this bushranging gang, and he is ably seconded by Sir Frederick lottinger, who is doing all that an active, persevering, and determined officer possibly can ia the discharge of an onerous, difficult, and by no means pleasant duty to suppress a crime which has been condemned through the length and breadth of the colony, and which has certainly foimed one of the principal charges againBt the MiniBtiy, in the want of confidence motion of Mr. Martin s, in the House of Paihament We consider 8 r frederick Pottinger one of the bravest and best ofheers m the police force, and none have been more Tilified than ho has been-most ut justly, vte believe It is very trying and discouraging to any gentl man, after striving to give every satisfaction, to meof with abuse IMPORTATION or GERWA** SPARROWS-Some time since we mentioned that Mr Timl Weber, of this town-then on a visit to his ni ne Rhmeland-was about to return to the colony, with, among other in- teresting importations, 160 German sparrows Mr Weber has returned to Ballaiat, but with only onp sparrow, and that a hen Of all the numerous flock Withwhich he sailed from London in Apul last, there is only tins one solitary survivor, and it is not in very high leather, having apparently suffered a good deal tom the vicissitudes of the voyage Of what use spatiows would be to the colony if largaly introdu"ed and fully acelnnatieed, we are not aware, but from the labour which Mr Weber was obi ged to devote to the introduction of the one under considera- tion, it is plain that they aro not to be had cheap The first difficulty he had to encounter was a legal difficulty, the capture or destruction of small birds being foibtddsn m Germany under considerable penalties, m consequence of the recent discovery on the continent of Europe that they were raoidly disappearing , vhde there was a conclurent laciease in grubo and other insects, to the jtreat injury of the erops The legal obstacle being decreased or evaded, a new difficulty jiresented itself a the nature of the sparrow itself Of a bold and lecklesB disposition, it can ill biook confinement, and of evtry dozen that were caught for the purpose of «migration to Victoria, only two or three survived the loss of their liberty twenty-four hours At last, how em, the full number of 160 healthy sparrsws, assorted «exes, were placed on board ship, but Mr Weber's utmoBt care could not keep them alive, and the soli- tary individual that arrived in Ballarat a few days since is the sole reward of his enterprise and care - Marat Star Tim PEBILS OP TUB ROAD -The Jluertne Herald of 26th ultimo says -On the mail coach arriving at Batrow B, on the Campaspe, on Thursday last, the mer was found to be too high to admit of erosnng tho coach and horses, they were thciefore kit behind, and the paB6cngers with the mails put -across 111 boat. These had scarcely reached the shore, vvhen two of lhe horses commenced backing until they reached the met s brink, when over thej went into the swollen stream In the fall the couplings broke-one horse sinking immediately, while the other got safely over, «flushing terrified against Mr Barrow's kitchen, lorced in the wall On being extricated, the poor beast (ablind mare) was found to be but little injured Vafriday the CampBspe was higher at that township tnan it had been 1 nown to be for at least ten years , but it fell eonsitlcrably on the tollowing day, without doing further damage than drmng some of the dwel fKon'the river banks from their domicúes Another «esh, however, is coming down A great number of «frays are encamped on the west bank with loading "?mSandhurst for various stations to the north, toas "8 WMllne for BUPPlies for shearing opera IMPUDBNT ROBBERIES -Wednesday's Mudgee ïe*Bpaper(the Western Post) says -Yesterday mora- se ¿ J°llli Smith, of the Apple Tree Flat Inn, h«T/ 7° ' was 81ttmS ¿own with his family to tnV.j i ',two men made their appearance and de Kf « ?nt moneythere was in the houße .Mr nautn, tailing resistance useless, handed to the men mL t», fcliow8 then went into the stables and oiaered Cobb and Co 's groom to saddle one of the "Mihsrees , the man was afterwards tied up, and the wows rode away Mr Smith gave information to ye nonce as quickly BB possible Senior-sergeant BW? ,mmedlately started with a tracker m pursuit T«tty after another party arrived in Mudgee who M4 been robbed by the same men hJt,! c*m3?lma of the volunteer force of Tasmania I ¿Äcltdto the officer commanding the troops, lrnïm?. ?hc6ney. B E, and he has intimatod his wil J'npiets to accept t> I MAIL ROBBERY.-Though in this district we appear to be tolerably secure from gangs of armed bush- rangers, an incident has Utely occurred which reminds us that extensive robberies may be perpetrated oa the roads otherwise than " under arma." One John O'Brien, who had been enployed for some time by Mr. English in carrying the mail-bags between Dapto and Shoalhaven, i" now in custody, oa suspicion of being concerned in a robbery of no ordinary kimi. We merely for the present give an outline of such facts a3 have turned up, without pretending, before the eise fhall have been investigated, to say where the guilt liis, or what is the true character of the transaction. On Tuesday morning last, Mr. Whittingham, of the Commercial Bank, was surprised at having presented for payment a single half-note. The person who brought it was Mr J. O'Meara, of the Sportsman's Arms, Jamberoo, who wished for ten shillings in ex- change, Mr. Whittingham, on referring to the numbers of some half notes which had previously como to hand from Mr. Hyam, of Shoalhaven, found that the single half which had been presented belonged to one of them. He gave information of this circumstance to Mr. Suh- inBpeetor White, who, though it was late before he received this intelligence, started in all hacte for Shoalhaven, in company with constable Malarky. On reaching Mr. Hyam's establishment at Nowra, and demanding admission at an unusually eaily hour, Mr. \Vbite was somewlnt amused to observe the extreme reluctance of the inrnUes to grant his request. There was an evident suspicion on their part no one could be there at such an unseason- able time for any honest purpose. On explaining the nature of the business, however, he ^ot imtnedia'e admission. Mr. Hyam having in due time baen biought from Nowra (where he happened to be that night), accompanied the officers back to NumbB, where the Bench in due course took Mr. Hyam's deposition, from which it appeared that the half notes of which that presented at the Kiama Bank was one, had been duly posted by himself, but not registered. Constable Malarky, in the meantime, was dispatched to meet the post boy, on whom, from various circum- stances, suspicion fell. He met him on the beach, and accompanied him to Numba, whence he waa again forwarded under safe escort to Kiama, there to await his examination before the Bench. Various circum- stances of a most suspicious character have transpired in connectionjwith his late conduct, among which we may instance the discovery among his clothes, &c; , at Numba, of a letter addressed to Rev. Father D'Arcy, which had been intrusted to him for the post, though it had, as appears, passed through two or three hands. The landlord of the Sportman's Arms was also brought to Kiama on Wednesday by senior-consta- ble Young, and after being held to bail during the night W8B examined on Thursday by the Bench, con- sisting of Messrs. J. Marks, Owen, and Kendall, J.P. The case was, however, remanded, Mr. O'Meara finding bail for his appearance. His statement was that the half-note had been left with him by the pott boy to see whether it would be changed at the Bank. -Kiama Independent, September 1. THE SPECTRE DRAMA.-Writing to the Athenæum, from Blackheath, Mr. Henry Dlrcks says; - "Allow me to state, with reference to the ghost scene now performing at the Britannia Theatre, that it is my in- vention which is there used, as adapted by Professor Pepper for stage effect. My invention of an arrange- ment for producing certain optical illusions is calcu- lated to supersede the magic lantern and all phantas- magorial and other apparatus hitherto employed; for whereas they only produce a motionless visionary figure, I associate on the same stage a phantom with a living actor, both different in costume, &c;, and both acting in concert. Thus the scene may show them as sitting at the same table, on the same couch, opening the same cabinet, handling the same documents, and, what is more, so seated in the same chair as to appear but one figure, yet seen one to arise out of the other, to go through different performances. The phantom character of one of such actors is shown by impregna- bility, passing through walls or furniture, or slow or quick dissolution. But effectually to fulfil these con- ditions would require a small building purposely designed for such performances, and therefore much credit is due to Professor Pepper in having overcome the many obstacles presented by an ordinary stage. These optical illusions are of a character calculated to disabuse the public mind in regard to the vulgar errors respecting apparitions, a belief in which has deprived many of reason; but which, as in this in- stance, may be realised by art, and, when occurring naturally, are mostly traceable to generally-known physical causes." THRUSHES.-The Yeoman of the 22nd ultimo saya : -It appears that English thrusheB, which have been introduced here in considerable numbers, are con- tinually met with in different parts of the interior of this colony, especially in those localities where t\e climate is more moist than it is in tho colony gene- rally. There seems to be no doubt that on many oc- casions native birds have been mistaken for the thrush, but the following letter, which has appeared in the Argus, seems to refer to a genuine acclimatised thrush which lins taken up its quarters on the north side of Mount Macedon. The writer, Mr. A. F. A. Greaves, says :-" Yesterday, being in that n> ighbour hood, I visited Dryden's Monument-a romantic mass of hugo rocks on the other side Mount Macedon. Neai the summit, sheltered in one of the many open caves formed by rocks lying upon the top of others, wssB full-grown English, thrush. A friend with me also recognised it. It was quite tame, and hopped to anti fro «esr to u«, just as the birds do in the aviary at the Botanical Garden«. Upon going a little dis- tance off out of sight, and calling to it ia the note of a thrush, it regularly answeied the call ; and, af:er some time, we thought we heard the call of another thrush, perhaps its mat I write this in hopes of its being the means of pre- venting these delightful songsters from being shot by some of the numerous sportsmen who frequent the neighborhood. It may not be amiss, fir the informa tion of juvenile sportsmen who noyer siw a thrush, to say that it is not unlike a quail." KITCHEN GARDEN SCARECROWS.-An " Old Bush- man," writing to the Yeoman, says :-In one of the early numbers of your journal I gave a description of a contrivance which I originated many years ago, and found very efficient in protecting fruit from the attacks of birds, fowls, &c.; In a recent number of the Field there is a plan mentioned which is neatly the same a9 mine, with this ex- ception-that according to my plan representations of hawkB or kites were made of canvas or tin, and suspended by a string or wire from an clastic pole or rod, set obliquely ia the ground. The slightest breeze thus keeps the scarecrow in motion, and with a fresh breeze they sweep through the air, so far as the length of the wire will allow them, in a way which astonishcB birds of all kinds. Writing to the Field, a correspondent puts the following query : Can any of your readers refer me to the maker of a thorougbly-good kitchen- garden scarecrow?-F. M, [A thoroughly-good and effective inanimate scarecrow would he an acquisition in a garden. Scarecrows, though, are most commonly home-made, and accord- ing to the inventive skill of the gardener so is the success. One of the best we ever saw was made by a neighbour of ours for his seed beds and currant and goosebeny bushes in the kitchen garden. He got two sheets of tin, and cut out very tolerable resemblances of cats ; these he fastened by a little bolt in the centre (and only in the centre), leaving heads and tails loose. He afterwards fixed them up on a short pole, and the wind, whenever it stirred, kept flapping their heads and tails together, to the great astonishment of the birds and other depredators.-Ed. Field.] A COLD HEADER !-" But it must not be BO cold," said Sjlvia, shuddering and giving a small poke to the fire to warm her fancy. " Cold I" said her father, " what do ye stay-at-homes know about cold, a should like to know. If ye'd been where a were once, north latitude 81, in Buch a frost as ye' ha' never known, no, not i' deep winter, and it were June'i' them Eeas, and a whale i' sight, and a were off in a boat after her; an' t' ill-mannered brute as soon as she were harpooned, ups wi' her big awkward tail, and struck t' _ boat in her Btern, and chueks me out into t* water. Tbat were cold, a csn tell the' ! First, I smarted I a'l ower me, as if my skin were suddenly stript off me ; and next every bone i' my body had gotten t' tooth-ache, and there were a great roar i' my ears an' a great dizzUieBB i' my eyes ; an' t' boat's crew kept throwing out their oar«, an' a kept clutching at 'em, but a could no make out where they was, my eyes dazzled BO wi' t' cold, an' I thought I were bound for ' kingdom come,' an' a tried to remembe' t' Creed as a might dio a Christian, Rut all a could think on wes, 'What ia your name, M or Nr' an'just as a v. ere giving both words and life, they heerd me aboard. But, bit SB ye, they had but one oar ; but they'd thrown a't' others after me ; so yo' may reckon, it were some time afore we could reach t' ship ; an', a've heerd tell, a were a precious sight to look on, for my clothes was just hard frozen to me, an' my hair a'moat as big a lump o' ice yon iceberg he was a-telling us on ; they rubbed me as misses there rubbed t' hams yesterday, and gav' me brandy ; an' a ha' ne'er getten t' frcst out o' my bones for a' their rubbin', and a deal o' brandy as I 'ave ta'en sin'. Talk o' cold ! it's little yo' women know o' cold !"-Sylvia'» Losers, bv 1 Mrs. Gask'll. 