QUEEN'S ORPHAN ASYLUM. The Board met yeslorday at 2 o'clock, at the Board Room, Macquarie-street, when there were PRESENT :-Messrs, Nairn, chairman. B. Rout, Hunter, Sheehy, Hinsby, J. Forster.and Dr. Butler, who came into the room at 20 minutes before three o'clock. Mr. HUNTER, in the absence of Dr. Butler, brought up the report of the sub- committee ap- pointed to prepare a reply to the Colonial Secre tary's letter in reference to the Superintendent's quarters, which was read by the Chairman, it was as follows : Board Room, Hobart Town, 17th April, 1863. The Board of Management of the Queen's Orphan Asylum, in reply to the Colonial Secretary's letter of tho 25th March, addressed to the Chairman of the Board, beg to state that as the Government has therein conveyed its final decision on the subject of the Superintendent's quarters, they have no inten tion by their present communication to re-open the question ; but the serious imputations conveyed by the Colouial Secretary's letter upon their conduct would, if allowed to pass unanswered by them, tend materially to impair the usefulness of any services they may be in a position to render the institution with which they are connected. The Board of Management, immediately on the appointment of the present Superintendent in August 1862, decided on the necessity of that officer residing within the precincts of the establish ment, and in company with the Colonial Secretary, then Chairman of the Board, selected a site be- tween the old and new buildings for the erection of a suitable residence, and at the same time re quested the government to order the preparation of the necessary plans and estimate. On the occur ption of the new infant school buildings, a sub committee was appointed to decide on the best means of disposing of the vacant quarters in the old building, when it was found that accomodation consisting of two large slitting rooms, thee bed rooms, a large private kitchen, and store could be provided for the res.« dence of tho Superintendent, at a small outlay for repairs and fitting &c.; The report containing the particulars of the accommodation proposed was referred at the Board meeting, on the 2nd March last, to the Supennton dent for his remarks, address the reply of that officer at the adjourned meeting on the 10th March, they were then first informed that the Government had rented a house for him ; and not until the re ceipt of the Colonial Secretary's letter of 25th March, did the Board obtain information that the Government "had previously decided not to sanction the erection at present of any additional buildings at the Queen's Asylum. Under these circumstances the Board could not but feel that by the course the Government had seen fit to adopt, their plans for the management of the Queen's Asylum, had been in an important particular reversed, and the institution deprjved of the great advantage which in their opinion must have accrued to it Irom the actual residence of the Superintendent in the establish- ment, for the control and management of which he is responsible to the Board. The Board were also of opinion that they were fully justified in expecting that some communica- tion would have been addressed to them, when the Government had decried not to comply with the Board's request for the erection of additional buildings at the Queen's Asylum, and also in ex- pecting that the Government would not have carried-into effect its decision to rent a house for the Superintendent without some reference to tho Board, seeing that the decision is not in accord- ance with the Board's previously expressed wish, communicated to the Government in August, 1862, the result being that the work of the Committee was rendered entirely useless, and that an ultimate decision was arrived at by the Government when the same question was under the consideration of the Board. The Go- vernment and the Board were respectively unaware of the proceedings and intentions of each other.and no opportunity was afforded to them of bringing under the notice of the Government the arrange- ments then under their consideration. The Board while conscious that. the authority exercised .by them is derived from the Executivo Government, are unable to concur with the Colo- nial Secretary's opinion, that in the consideration of the locality of the Superintendent's residence, they went beyond the "sphere of their proper functions." In that view they are strengthened by the fact that the question was previously under the consideration of the Board, with the cognizance and sanction of the Colonial Secretary's predecessor, Mr. Henty, in August, 1862, and was the subject of a communication with the Government ; also by the considération that it has an important bearing on the general manage- ment of the institution, and would materially influence the material nature of the duties imposed on the officers of the establishment. The Board are still further sustained in this opinion by the printed regulations defining the powers and responsibilities of the Board, approved by the Governor-in-Council, 19th September, 1861, which says :-'* The managers shall have the superin- tendence, diiection, and regulation of all matters arising under their management in relation to the Asylum, and the expenditure of the sums voted for the current expenses of the institution in accord ance with established rules, and agreeably to the ordinary course of management by other depart- ments of the govornmeut." Under these circumstances, feeling strongly the injurious consequences of such différences between the government and the Board of Management, and the impossibility of properly discharging the functions imposed upon thom as members of that Board, without the advantage of being informed of the intentions of the government with reference to the institution, the Board felt that they were bound to bring the question at issue under the notice of the government, in the usual and legi- timate course. On a careful reconsideration, of the" resolution forwarded to the government, the Board are unable to discover any language, the use of which, would warrant the construction of being "designedly offensive" as placed upon it in the second paragraph of the Colonial Secretary's letter, and reiterated at its close. The resolution is prefaced by an ex pressed desire on the part of the Board, to put on record a protest, "couched in respectful, but at the same time, in the strongest terms." With regard to that portion of the Colonial Secretary's letter which states that the Board have brought a categorical accusation against tlie go- vernment, for which there is no foundation in fact, the Board must absolutely deny that there is any accusation contained in the resolution, which "has no foundation in fact." Tlie Board although unwilling to continue a correspondence having any relation to a question, which has received its final decision from the Government, could not consent to lie under such imputations on their character as are contained in the Colonial Secretary's letter of the 25th ultimo. The report was unanimously adoptod.and having disposed of some routine business. The Board adjourned. ACCIDENT AT THE FRANKLIN SQUARE.-On Thursday morning, as a man named Frederick Dale, was at work in thoFranklin Square.a portion of the bank which ho mid others were undermining, fell down, crushing the poor fellow's left leg. On being removed, it was discovered that the bones of the leg {tibia and fibula) wero both fractured about tho centre between the kueo and tinklo joints. Ile was immediately conveyed to the General Hospital and placed under the care of Dr. Crowther, who promptly reduced the fractures. SUNDAY LECTURES.-It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that the Rov. J. W. Simmons will deliver tho first of a series of lectures at the Theatre lioyul on Sunday afternoon next, selecting for his subject!-"Cheer, boys, cheer." The working classes, for whom these lectures are moro especially dosigned.nre invited to al tend, and, ns heretofore, tlieru will bo no charge for admission, tho nttendunce will no doubt lie iiiimeious. Tho lectures, we uiidcintaiui, will extend ovjr a period of three inoutlm THE NEW BETHEL CHAPEL.-A turret clock hav- ing been procured by subscription for the newly erected Bethel Chapel, musteisof vossels.ieridunts on the wharf, and others interested in the trade carried on there, have expressed a desiro that the clo"K should be illuminated so .13 to indicate the progrès» of time «luring the dark hours of the night. The expense would not hu great, and, piobabl.y.tbe Murillo Board will respond to the wishes of those interested in the matter. Tin: WEATHER.-For some days past the weather has been remarkably fine, resembling tho beautiful spring weather in England. Some of the old bauds 1 unlinked Unit it was unseasonable for tho period of tlio yenr, and sagely predicted a change, ns such a state of things, they said could not lung contine, mid this prediction has boen in somedegieu verified, for on Thursday iiiorniug.lho day broke dull and gloomy, with dark clouds obscuring the sky. Still, however, it was thongh, 1 that I ho clouds would clear away, and that the day would bo Hue after all, but between eleven and twelve o'clock the rain began to fall, and continued to do PO during tho day accompanied in thu Hfternoou tvitli occasional gusts of a smnii breeze from tho westward. The preceding dry and warm temperature had to a con- siderable extent hardened the soil, and tho present rain will bo welcomed by our cultivators, as being calculated to facilitate and improve their sovoral operations. Wo may add that a sensible diminution of temperature took place, but not to an extent to check or interfere with the results of any agricul- tural or horticultural operations. The drains, too, throughout tbo city wore thoroughly cleansed, and yeBteidny the weather cleared up, and a compa- ratively fine day ensued, with, however, occasional light show« s. LETTERS posted yoslerday unsufficiently stamped :-Mr. Boyd, Queen's Orphan School ; Francis Lord, Avoca ; Mr. J. Coram, Sorell. THE Lord-Lieutenancy of Wilts is now vacant by the demise of the venerable Marquis of Lansdowne. It is rumored that tho Marquis of Ailesbury is likoly to succeed to the office.-SalUhury Journal. A STACH: SCENE.-A writer who has travelled extensively says that hu witnessed rather a strange Bceue in Shnkspore's beautiful tragedy of " Romeo and Juliotj" it was at one of the Western theatros The pioco lind passed off well without interruption until the last scone. The character of Romeo was oxcellontly enacted and loudly applauded. The model of thu lover was at the tomb of the Capu lets, gazing upon tho motionless form of her who had so attracted his soul, and meditating upon committing an act which would send his spirit to that undiscovered country where hu supposed Juliet's had gouo. Just ns ho exclaimed, " Hero's to love I" and at the samo time raising tho vial which continued the poison to his Ups, a stalwart young countiymnn jumped upon the singe, seized bim, dashed the vial from his hand, crushing it into atoms, and yelling, " Ter darned fool, she ain't dead. Only been takin' a little sleepin' medicine. Didn't yor get tho parson's letter ?" " Sirrah !" growled out tho enraged ti age gian, whilothohouso fairly shook with laughter. " Why, yor gal ain't dead, I tell yer. The way it was, they wanton to mnko Julio marry that chap thnr," pointing at Paris, " whose business you have just settled, but I tell you Julie was pluck-she got her back right up and vowed slio wouldn't do it, oven if while she war lying in the vault the ghost of tho other feller whom you kilt should dash hot- brains out with the bonus of some of her dead cousins. Wal, her pluck wnr up, and she took the stuff tho parson fixed, so she could play possum till you got hum. That's the way it war," roplied the countryman, giving the desperate lovor n tremen- dous poke in tho ribs with his elbow, and at the same time losing his hold. ''Holl's curses on the fellow," muttered the raving tragedian, ns he stalked behind the scones. " Wall, now," said tho countryman, facing the audience, if that a'int a lootlo the dod darned meanest cuss 1 over did see, 1 hopo to bo swovved. That's all the thanks I git for stopping lum from pizuning himself. Hopo to bo taruly swashed if ever I go to interfere again whou a fellow wants to murder himself," ho continued as lie clambered buck to his seat, just in timo to prevent his upper story from coming into contact with the curtain ns it descended.-American Scrap Book. How RACES DIE OUT.-The inotlioil in which lower races fuse into or escapo from tho higher is a mystery in its causes, but well understood in it3 losult. The lower vaco loses its productiveness ¡ and some dozens of extinct tribe.", like the cxtinot gonora of auimuls, attest thin. The Red Indians of America, tho nativo race of Peru, and tlio Aborigines of Australia aro living oxnir.plos of this rule. In fourteon years, in Tiismauin, a living traveller snys, the aboriginal inhabitants, although numbering upwards of a thousand, did not givo birth to moro than fourteen childrou. Wo may rest assured .that at this rate any class of bo'iugs" will soon exhaust itself. 