NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL AT COLLECTOR. CEREMONY OF LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. ON Thursday, the 19th instant, the important ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a place of worship in Collector in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Church, took place in presence of a very numerous and respectable assemblage, all of whom seemed to manifest a deep interest in the event. Fully one hundred and fifty persons were pre- sent, including representatives of all denomi- nations, and of whom many came from distant places--Goulburn, Yass, Queanbeyan, Gun- ning, Dalton, &c.; The site is a very favourable one, and was liberally given to the Connexion for the pur- pose of a chapel, by Mr. John Whealey, of Collector. At about eleven in the morning the com- pany being assembled on the site, the ceremo- ny commenced with devotional exercises led by the Rev. W. Hill, the esteemed superin- tendent of the circuit. At the conclusion of the prayer, John J. Waddell, Esq., stepped forward, and the stone being lowered to its position in the excavation, he said, "I lay this the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Me- thodist Chapel, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." In compliance with the request of the Rev. Mr. Hill, Mr. Waddell then addressed the audience at some length, the substance of his remarks being noticeable as much for its maintenance of the claims and influence of the Wesleyan body, and liberality of senti- ment towards other sections of the Christian church. The Rev. H. H. Gaud, the chairman of the Goulburn District, followed with some further remarks; after which a collection was made, and the Benediction pronounced, when the company adjourned to a large marquee within sight, where after some little delay, about one hundred and thirty persons sat down to luncheon, the spread being of the most ample and generous description, and was discussed with a heartiness which attested to its excellence better than could be done by the most elaborate description of the pen. A public meeting followed, and was presi- ded over by Mr Waddell, who was called to the chair after prayer by the Rev. Mr. Gaud. The Chairman, after a few humourous re- marks, in which he craved pardon for being egotistic, observed that it was somewhat strange that he should be found amongst the Methodists, seeing that he was the son of a Presbyterian, and the grandson of a minister of the Church of England. But he had ne- vertheless been for thirty-five years favoura- ble to the Methodist church, though he re- gretted that for so long a period he had delayed to give his heart to God. He was pleased to say that the instrumentality em- ployed in his conversion was the ministry of the Rev. Mr. Pincombe. He was not disposed to quarrel with other churches; his motto was that of the founder of the Wesleyan body, "The friend of all; the enemy of none." For his own part there was much about the econo- my of Methodism which he thoroughly ad- mired; amongst other things the induction of young ministers into their sacred office; the test was so severe that it was impossible for an unworthy person or hypocrite to find his way through. After alluding to his anxiety to seek out a Wesleyan place of worship on coming first into the colony, the Chairman directed his remarks to the occasion of their assembling on that day. He was grateful to see so many sympathising in the movement; it was a proof that the day was gone by for sectarian feelings in that neighbourhood, a fact which he regarded as favourable to the prosperity of true religion. Referring to the recent revivals in Ireland and elsewhere, he attributed much of its good influence and fruits to unity of mind and heart amongst the various sects. People had called him a "turn-coat" when he became converted; but the truth was, he had no coat to turn at the time; and even now he held the same doc- trines as ever he had; they differed nothing in their belief from the Church of England; a change of heart concerned them more than a change of belief; and the religion he now possessed he meant to live in and to die in. The Rev. Mr. Hill then read the financial statement of the building fund, reading the names of those subscribers who had paid. The ground, he said, on which they had jnst commenced their operations, had been liberally made over to the Connexion by Mr. Wheatley, one of, if not the, oldest Methodist in these districts. Including the collection made at the laying of the stone, and upwards of £11, the proceeds of the lunch; the money raised was something over £100; considerably over £200 had been promised; and as the building was estimated to cost about £350, there was still wanting the sum of about £160; towards which he had no doubt something considera- ble would be gathered that day. In his opinion the chapel contemplated to be built by them would be too small for their imme- diate requirements; and he would suggest the addition of a few more feet before they commenced their operations. Mr. E. Butler, of Goulburn, though it was a mistake to call upon him to address them before the distinguished gentlemen mentioned in the programme had spoken. He was glad to see that the cause of God was prospering in Collector. It was written that "righteous- ness exalteth a nation; but sin is a reproach to any people." They were evidently doing something towards advancing spiritual pros- perity; their doctrines were quite consistent with the state and condition of the British crown. Methodism was altogether loyal, and calculated to make good subjects. He would not say more as there were more efficient men coming after him. The Rev. James Phillips, of Adelong, be- lieved he was expected to make a speech; but he felt himself in rather a predicament. He was forcibly reminded of a fellow-passenger of his at sea, who was found one day lying full length on deck in everybody's way; and upon being asked to get up, he replied;. "Don't you see, I'm dead; throw me over- board." The next day he was asked how he was, and the reply he made was, "I'm not dead, but speechless.'' (laughter.) He (Mr. Phillips) was in a sense speechless, for he had to make a speech, and had not one to make. This was the age for brawny, muscular acti- vity; we live (he said) in remarkable times; people wanted to know what a subject was worth before they gave heed to it. For their own part their aim was of a utilitarian cha- racter, and much depended on their exertions. It was the belief of nations generally that their prosperity depended entirely upon ar- mies, navies, commerce, and such things. But, he would ask, did it? and not in some thing else? The nations of antiquity had all these advantages, and yet they passed away. Where was Egypt? Tyre? Greece? Rome? They had all fallen to pieces, and remained only in name. One thing was necessary to a nation's prosperity: "Righteousness exalteth a nation;" and only as that element was al- lowed to influence the heart and life was na- tional prosperity to be secured. He would refer to the land of his nativity (England). In what did its great prosperity consist? In the regard which was had to the Bible, and the preaching of the Gospel in its purity. It was owing to this, that England was the lighthouse of the world, and a refuge for the oppressed. In this colony, too, we live in a glorious land; though not in the sense of one who wrote a book on Australia to prove that it was the New Jerusalem, with its streets paved with gold and precious stones. He (Mr. Phillips) was not disposed to feed the vanity of the natives; but still it was his conviction that Australia was destined to be a great and noble country. How important it was, then, that true religion should be disseminated through the land. It would be sad indeed if the principles of Vol- taire, and of men of his class, were to be in- stilled into the youthful mind here. He would point to France for the withering effects of infidelity; it had transformed that nation and deluged it with blood. The smoke of their torments still ascended; and its inhabitants might well tremble lest the day of vengeance should overtake them. But the principles of Voltaire were not the only baneful principles extant; there were systems of so-called Chris- tianity equally injurious. Its effects were to be seen in various parts of the world. In or- der to ensure national stability it was neces- sary to have the religion of the Bible in its purity and simplicity. Referring to the efforts of their own section of the Christian church, look (he said) at its blessed influence upon different communities. How many had rea- son to bless God for Wesleyan Methodism. Through its agency multitudes who had been sitting in darkness had been brought nigh to God by the blood of Christ. The rev. speaker then alluded to the good wrought in Collector through the instrumentality of Methodism. In America their own denomination was far greater and more potent than any other sys- tem; and it was all the work of a century. The same truths which had wrought those gracious effects there, were taught here. Also in the sea-girt isles of the Pacillc its fruit was to be seen. And what it had done elsewhere, it was accomplishing in Australia. What could be done, he would ask, to effectually put down bushranging? [A voice: Shoot 'em!] Yes, and there are other means; and he prayed God they might soon see them ef- fectual. The rev. gentleman then resumed his seat amidst loud cheers. Mr. R. H. Blatchford, of Goulburn, fol- lowed. After a humourous anecdote of the celebrated Billy Dawson, and allusion to "small guns" and "great guns" as applied to the speakers present, Mr. Blatchford said, this was undoubtedly the greatest day Collector ever saw. A stranger coming amongst them would enquire, on seeing that assembly, What is all this? Are there horses-races? or any such goings on? The answer would be, No, We are here to glorify God, in raising a tabernacle to the Most High, wherein his truth shall be declared. Some thought, there was no happiness in all this. But without doubt there was. Many called it happiness to mix with the world, to taste the intoxicating cup, to visit the race-course and the dice-table. But none of these things were truly happi- ness. Nothing in the world could make a man truly happy. The young people present would look back upon that day with joy and thank God they were here. He once thought old people were fools who called the world vanity; but he thought otherwise now. He was getting old himself; but he felt happy in seeing old friends around him, especially his old friend Tom Brown. It was a remarkable fact that at that meeting there were assem- bled all the pioneers of Methodism in the Southern districts nearly twenty years ago; and also the man in whose house the preaching was first held in Gunning. When he looked at all this, was it not sufficient, he asked, to gladden his heart. Mr. Thos. Brown next rose. The reason why good was not accomplished in some places was because they looked to men more than to God. He was there to beg. He referred to the liberal offer of a farmer, at Pudman, near Burrowa, who had offered four or eight acres of land on which to build a chapel; and he closed his remarks by exhorting the people to give their hearts to God. The Rev. H. H. Gaud followed, suggesting that the subscription list should go round be- fore he spoke, as he always found people dis- posed to be liberal after listening to Mr. Brown. He congratulated them on their prospects of having a Chapel shortly; thus securing the means of having faithful preach- ing. Allusion had been made to the success which had followed the labours of his breth- ren, the ministers of that circuit, in Collector and elsewhere. He rejoiced with them on that account; good men were not always alike successful; and their reward in the end, would be not commensurate with their suc- cess, but with their fidelity. After exhorting the people to be liberal in their gifts, and mentioning the case of a good man in Eng- land who had given £6000 to build a chapel, he concluded by praying that the chapel in Collector might be the birthplace of many souls. The collection was then made, after which the usual,votes of thanks to the Indies and the Chairman were passed, and the mooting closed" with prayer and the benediction. Auckland news has been received to the 7th. General Cameron having examined the neigh- bourhood of Meremere, on the night of the 1st landed 700 troops, and threw up a breast- work. The Maories, finding their redoubt about to be stormed, abandoned their works, and when the troops entered they found all deserted. The Maories retreated without loss. The Waikato river is now in possession of the gunboats, thus opening up the passage into the Waikato country. 