THE GHOST IN CHANCERY. On Tuesday afternoon, the Lord Chancellor was visited at his mansion, Haokwood Park, near Basingstoke, by the Ghost and a number of gentlemen, all claiming more or less legiti- mate relationship to him. Messrs Loibl and Sonnbaramer, the proprietors of the Pavilion Musio Hall, at tho top of tho Haymarket, took him, and Mr Wilde (of the Ajhambra), Mr King (of Bath), Professor Pepper (of the. Polytcchnio), and others olaimod him, and- brought their legal advisers to support the claim. The question arose in this way. In February last, after Messrs Dircks and Pepper's Ghost had turned out a "hit" at the Poly, teohnio, they obtained a provisional specifica tion, with a view to patent. In the fol lowing August, just before it was time to obtain tho great seal, the other parties above naraod lodged objections acoording to tho Potent Law Amendment Aot. On acoount of these objootions the patentees obtained a further month's provisional pro tection to answer them. Affidavits were further filed on both sides, and the Lord Chancellor fixed Wednesday for the disposal of tho case so far as tho issue of the groat seal was concerned. After disposing of somo legal technicalities whioh his lordship adjusted to meet both sides, Mr Bower, on bohalf of Messrs Loibl and Sonnhammor, wont into the merits of tho case. He put in a numbor of affioaviti tending to prove that tho ghost was a very old one, end had been exhibited in Loudon and throughout the oountry as fay back as 1815, the parentage of it seeming to rest on Herr Dobler, the celebrated conjuror. He referred bis lordship to a playbill of tho poriod, wherein one Palmer oxhibited it for hil bene fit at Margate. As tho proprietors of the Pavilion had taken a model stage down with them, all complete, tho "house was lighted up," and bis lordship had tho pleaBuro of wit nessing the ghost business very coavcnipntly. In the course of tho argument, his lordship said that ho romemberod seeing the same tiling when a boy, 55 years ago ; it was exhibited by Belzoni, the celebrated traveller, aud an account of it was published. On tho other side, affida vits were put in from Sir David Brewster and Professor Wbeatetono, testifying that tho in vention was now. The Lord Chancellor delivered an olaborato judgmont. Ho reviewed all tho affidavits, and said that tho objectors had no grounds before U<m ( they came in at tho last moment, and wanted to overturn all tho three hearings of tho Attorney-General, who must havo been satisfied of tho morits boforo he romittod the patent for for tho great seal. If ho withhold it, the patonteoa had no remedy, no appeal elsewhere, bat by granting tuo patent ho placed them in a position to prove and maintain their right to it. Nor would this infliol any wrong on tho objectors, as they could try tho value of tho patent in a oourt of law. His lordship thon directed tho great seal to issue, with all coats and charges against tho objectors. Tho ease extended over three hours. The Ghost and the law have by no means parted for ever, for being a good " draw" as an entertainment, Mr Pepper will have many a contest about it. Ho will have to fight hard for his Ghcst. 