THE TIIEATKES. ROYAL HAYMARKET. Tho experiment essayed at this theatre on Saturday ercning of illustrating tho super natural presences which occur in Macbeth, by tho employment of tho now optical effect, was so sncecsefut ns to Biiggest tho probability that a oompleto revolution in tho practical render ing of theatrical illusion is at hand. Indeod, nil that at presont is required to enablo tho theatrical manager to compass thoso apparent impossibilities, which up to tho present time hnvo barricaded the way against tlio realisation upon tlio stngo of tho iutangiblo beings whom tho romantic imagination of tho poet Ims represented as ooucsrning thomselves in tho affairs of mortals, is that preoision which is tho natural product of experience. Whother tho chatigo which scorns to bo impending iu tho whole machinery of stogo effect is calculated to effect a corresponding improvement in dramatic composition, is questionable. Tho goldon ago of English dramatic poetry existed whon the decorative adjuncts of the stngo had tlio least consideration. It certainly does not follow that tho decadonco of tlio drama is owing to tho advancing iniluanco of pictorial and mechanical .accessories upon theatrical representations, because tho declino of tho ono and the progress of tho other wero co-incidontal. There aro reasons far mora valid for tho superiority of thoElizabothan dramatists and their immediate successors to thoso who followed half a century later, and, indeed, to their wholo posterity. The violent alternations in tho tone of manners that liavo had their peculiar intlacnco upon English society siuco tho days of tiio Common wealth hnvo operated most prejudicially upon lira interests of tho dramntio art. But it is still to bo considered how far tho still imperfect contrivances which have been appliod to tho s ago for tho purposo of increasing tho illusion which it is desirabio to produce upon tho spec tator, have injured the literary oonscquencc of tho drama. Shakspore, it is true, survives, depito tho bungling and vulgar attempts which tho modern stage has witnessed to inoreaso his attractiveness. Hazlitt himself testifies to tho absurd manner in which the appearance of tho woird sisters in " Macbeth" was managed in his timo, and tho old conventionality is still retained, with occasionally tho interposition between the very palpable embodiments of tho mystorious trio and the audience — of screens of muslin which bear ss much rcsemblanco to tho 11 fog and filthy air" as to post and rail fences. What again can be more destructive to tho impression upon tho mind of that sentiment of terror which the appearance of Banquo's ghost at tho banquet, should produce, than the presentation of that spiritual visitor by instalments, or according to tho condition of tho trap by which ho ascends, by a sudden jerk which propols him upwards with a forco that dovelops him to tlio spectator with tho startling suddonness characteristic of a "jack in tho box P" Better than this, dispense with tho ghost altogether, as is sometimes done. Any other author than Shukspero could not outlive effects so antithetical to the essence of poetry. It is, therefore, at least, doabtful whether tho employment of mechanical assist ance in tlio partial manner in whioh it has been obtained, has not, so far as tbo legitimate drama 'is concerned, hurt rather than bone- fitted it. Tho new effects which wore employed at the Haymarkot, on Saturday, already show the way to radical improvement in tho art of theatrical illustration ; and we believo tho priuciplo is capable of indefinite ex pansion. Not only havo we a prevision of tho perfect realisation of supernatural ap pearances on the stage, but of the recon- o:hation of tho spectator's imagiuation to stage perspective. Wo boo no reason what ever why for tlio future tho sizo of tho actor, who is represented crossing a bridgo »PP0«d to bo about a mile or two distant, Bhoald not correspond with tho dimensions of tho surrounding objoots. In fino, as wo set out wit a stating there aro signB of a thorough rovo- lution in tho system of producing stage illusions that ought not to bo overlooked by tliMo who exercise control in our theatres. Tlio new optical illusion was employed witli reinarkablo success in the scene in whicn Mac beth and Banquo encounter tho weird sisters, and also in thoso in whioli tho ghost of Ban- quo appears, and the vision of the seven kings occurs. The witches literally " mado them selves air into which they vanished," and nover bofore perhaps was tbo pootio necessities of tho situation bo completely satisfied. Tho spectre of tho " blood boultered Banquo" was complete in its verisimilitude to the exter nals of lifo, but with a filmy appearance of impalpability that apparently produced among i J10 spectators a feeling akin to awe. Again the apparitions of Banquo's issuo answered with tho fullest literal interpretation tbo invo cation, " Come like Bhadows, so deport." Hcspeeting tho performance, wo may con- acientiouely applaud Mr H. Edwards for a good level impersonation of Moobotb, a cha racter which certainly no actor at present in Mo.bourno could realise to the entire satisfaction of the Shakspennn student; His best efforts wero in tho closing scenes of tlio tragedy. Miss Look, art's voieo is rather too sympa thetic and hor appearance too petite, to qualify her for a part domanding so much from tho aotrcss m tho way of physiquo as Lady Mac- both. With her reading no one could find tautt; it was intelligent, and not deficient in hro ; it is Nature that has decided against her ir a ,.alt8nCB- Mr Richard Yonngo's Macduff is so familiar to tho public as to render preiont criticism unnecessary. The scene with Malcolm, which character was very respectably represented by Mr Bartlott olioited considerable opphuso, in which both actors had an equal share. Loeko's fino music w»s ubly given, Mr Stuart onaeling Hecate. Tho principal actors wero called before tho curiam at tbo termination of tho performance. theatre botal. I he performances wero variod on Satur day night, by the presentation of threo OlhW -g ?n,d Pleasant character, viz., version of "The Taming of a Shrew." of «Thn' C;ndA QDd SBtono's W of Iho Happiest Day of my Life." Tho Shaksporian comedy in three nots, though shorn relentlessly of thoso parts wiiioh make it oooeptablo to tho true Shaksporian student, miiknP adopted for tho tastosofa miscellaneous modern audionce. It would certainly have been impossible for any play to bernore enthnsiastioaily rcocivod than this was on Si urday night. The fun was continuous ! from begmuin" 0 end, and tho several points ' I . .eoalivo of caa iniiiatorysueceptibilitieswero I j So prominently dovoloped that lie muit'h'avo bcon tie moBt _o indicod of cynics who did not ' i Wliriro m.0n« join in tho oammon j hilarity, Tho Cook" himself (by Mr Col- lingwood) was & wonderful embodiment of ludicrous hslplcisness. He reminded ono of tho rotund oreoturo in "Yathek," who did not walk, but who perpetually rollod. Tho making up of ibis cbof do cuisino was worthy of high artistic genius, and tho way ho tumbled and soramblsd about was of many things tho most comical wo hare Been for along time. Mr Sullivan sustained tho characteristic boiBtor- ousness of tho part of " Eetruehio" with infi nite spirit ; nnd Mrs Heir's " Knthcrino" is ono of tho many intelligently considered per formances that are chronicled in the nnnals of this lady's achievements on tlio Mclbourno stago. The littlo comedy of " Charlos II." presented Mr Lambort in ono of the characters witli which his name is pleasantly identified. " Captain Copp is just the genial, rollicking old seadog whoso peculiarities Mr Lambort iB so well quolifiod to illustrate, and his daughter, " Mary," is a part cquolly well fitted to occupy tho special talents of Miss Rosa Dunn. Mr Heir as tlio " Merry Monarch," and Mr Fitz gerald as tho scapegrace " Rochester," gave a fair amount of individuality to theso several impersonations. royal princess's. "Tho Captain of tho Vulture" lias boen tho principal attraction during tho post wcok, and on Saturday night an additional inducement was offered to the patrons of this theatre to continuo their support by tho rcp- oduetion of tho burlesqito of "Medea," with Miss Julia Matthews in tho character of Jason. TIub young lady has been engaged for o short time prorious to hor departure for Now Zealand, and as aho is an especial favourito with a Princess's uudionce, tlioro is much reason to beiiovo thot tho management has acted wisely in adding her naino to tlio company, for it is at this liouso that her Melbourne reputation lias been principally made, and there is not a littio to be said on tlio score uf association in explaining theatrical Biiceesie?. She was re ceived on Saturday night with much enthu siasm, and though tlio part in whiuli she ap peared is not perhaps tho ono most calculated to present her to tho greatest advantage, sho made its various points toll witli her customary Bucecss, Mr Fawoett's Medea is ono of thoso happy efforts of broad extravagance in which lio excels so greatly, nnd of a certain varioty of which lio may be said to hold an exclusive possession, in this colony at least. Mr Fawcctt has great powers of mimicry, and lie caricatured very happily some of tho more exaggerated portions of tiiat unnatural man ner, which distinguished tho acting of a certain lady who, on this samo stage some timo ago, burlesqued Modea without intonding to bur lesque it. His make-up was in tho very finest mock tragedy style, absurdly terrible nnd tovcroiy grotesque. Miss Rose Edouin brought out all the humour belonging to tho part of Orphous, nnd that most lithe and mercurial of littlo ladies,' Miss Julia Edouin, gave all pos sible prominence to ono of the " pair of kids." Miss Marian Dunn as Crousa, fulfilled very completely tho definition given of tho character in tho bills. 