Sratesft fa\tzlli$zMt. MeLBounNB, Friday, Oct. 30.— A promising discovery of a gold-field at Raj wood, near Iiendigo, lias led to a considerable number of claims being tikea up. At a meeting of the Intercolonial Cricket Match Committee, last night, a letter from the Sydney association was read having reference to the match for this season. There win nothing decided about it. The Victorian committee ex pressed regret at the misunderstandiiie which occurred last year, and disowned all connection with the origin of the dispute. Buniness continues dnll, and the weather very unsettled and cold, with heavy show»r«. The baro meter is very low. It is reportod that Parliament will meet for business in November. Arrived— Vanguard, from Liverpool; Delphine, from Mauritius. The Van guard, from Liverpool, ran aground near Pope's Eye Shoal, inside Port Phillip Heads. The Esther cleared for Sydney, with the bulk of her original caigo from Charente. The barque Antipodes, bound Tor Sydney, 101 days nut, passed Cape Otway at eleven a.m. ? Saturday, Oct. 30.— Last night was very stormy, but tho Vanguard, from Liverpoo', which ran ashore oft' QueeneclifT, got off this morning. The week closes with business steady. The Spring Horticultural Show was held to-day, but was inferior to any held during the past fire or six years. This is owing to the season, which lias been peculiarly unpro. {litious for fruits and flowers. The Governor, Lady Dar ing, and family, were present. There was also a fuir attendance of the public. ? Monday, Nov. 2.— The weather at Melbourne during Snnday and Sunday night, and pan of Monday, was awful. During the whole time one continuous gale lasted, of gusts of wind and drench, ing showers of hail. H. M. transport, the steamship Himalaya, formerly employed in the same service during the Crimean war, made Port Phillip Heads to-day, with 900 troops on board for New Zealand. She has been twenty.two days from Columbo. The pilot, in conse quence of the weather, was unable to board her outside the Heads. She brings dates from London to September 10th. There were only two papers aboaid, which were obtained by the shipping reporter to the Argut. The only item which has leaked out, is (he fact that Lord Clifton won the St. Ledger. The Himalaya has on board the 50th regiment. The steamship Alexandra was offered at auction to-day, but bought in at £15,500. The Havilah, steamer, was withdrawn at £8000. Business quiet. Some speculation going on in butter, which has an upward tendency. Frightful weatherstil! prevailing; heavy showers of rain and blowing sales of wind. Adelaide, Friday, Oct. SO. — The markets for produce h unaltered, and transactions are limited. The Assembly have agreed to a resolution, that South Australia should continue to collect the duties on goods passing up the Murray for New South Walts. It also affirmed the desirability of opening a correspondent with Victoria, for the purpose of inducing that Government to allow South Australia to collect also the Murray dues for them. It is announced that the Legislative Council is favourable to the spirit of the resolutions passed by the Assembly on this subject. Messrs. Townsend and Co. (old the greatest portion of the cargo of the Thomas Brown. Sago sold for 3j'l. per lb. Seed oil, 5s. 6d. per gallon. Councillor Goode is the favourite candidate for the mayoralty of the city of Adelaide. Mr. English did not come forward for re-election. The Legislative Assembly has adjourned iill lOlli N ovember. At the Theatre, the ghost was a failure, and was withdrawn. Arrived— Primula, from London. Cleared— Sternward, for Sydney, with flour, hay, rosin, and part of her original cargo from Hamburg. The Pri mula spoke the City of Duuedin (s.(, bound to Otago, in latitude 17' north, and longitude 25' west. ? Monday, Nov. 2.— Tho Amazon, from Mauritius, reports that the Confederate steame- left the Cape of Good Hope only sixteen hours before the Federal war steamer Vidal ar. rived. Mr. Hargraves left to-day on his expedition in search of a gold-field. It is reported that fold has been discovered at South Rhine. Markets quiet. Weather, finer. The Aldirga (a.), arrived on Saturday, and sails to. morrow. Yass. — Monday, Nov. 2.— At the nomination to. day Mr. Faucett was proposed by Mr. Allman, and seconded hy Mr. O'Connor. There being no opposition, Mr. Faucett was declared duly elected. Sub.inspector Bren. nan, while on bush duty on Saturday, met Mr. Styles in pursuit of the bushrangers. Hicliardson, Stanley, and Evans, and tracked them to Grogan's, Limestone Creek, where they had stolen two watchea and spine money. They had only left twenty minutes previous to Mr. Styles and Brenan's arrival, who continued on their tracks, and followed them till eleven o'clock on Snnday, when further pursuit was prevented by heavy rain. Mr. Brown, superintendent of police, has just arrived with his family. He was scarcely out of his carriage when information was brought to him that a Mr. Allingham had been stopped by a bushranger, about efcht miles from here, and was thrown from his horse. After a struggle on the ground with the bushranger, Mr. Allingham es. capeel, and regained his horse. The police are now in pursuit. Bbndemere. — Monday, Nov. 2.— Snakes are very numerous here this Reason. At the residence of Mr. T. A. Perry a snake of considerable flimonsions «» killed in a bedroom. One of the young ladies narrowly n ;aped ?wing iimen oy ir. Another one was killed un er tome matting in the police barracks. Weather, fine. ' Brisbane.— Monday, Nov. 2.— The Queen (s.), from llockhampton, brings later news from the Peak Down diggings. Tne special correspondent of the Courier re ports very unfavourably, and anticipates much misery during the summer months Irom want of water and scarcity of provisions. A deputation, appointed at a public meeting held here, to consider the present emi gration regulations, waited on the Colonial Secretary to ascertain what ateps the Government intend to take to prevent the abuses prevailing under tbe present system. Mr. Herbert stated that the Government intend to call for tenders for the conveyance of immigrants, instead of compelling them to come by one line only as at present. Arrived.— Yarra Yarra (s.), from Sydney. Sailed yes. terday, the Telegraph (s.), for Sydney. Cape Otwat.— Monday, Nov 2.— The ship Martha Birdie, from London, seventy-eight days' out, passed the Cape this evening, bound to Melbourne. Queensci.i'ff, Friday, Oct. 30.— The Vanguard, ship from Liverpool, with two hundred passengers, ran aground on the sands off Queenscliff, early this morning. H. M. schooner Empire, *nd the steamer Hercules, have gone to her assistance. It will be necessary to discharge a por. tion of her cargo before she can be got off. All her pas sengers are safe. Her royal and topgallant yards were sent down. ? Monday, Nov. 2.— The City of Melbourne steamer, bound to Sydney, has anchored off Queenscliff, waiting for the fury of the gale to abate. Brisbane, Friday, Oct. 30.— The schooner Vixen which left Sydney on the 8th instant, has arrived. Youno, Friday, Oct. 30.— A preliminary meeting of tilt supporters of Dr. Wilson was held last night. A committee was formed, comprising all the leading men of the gold-fields, to secure his return. Much enthusi asm prevails. Public meetings will be held at the various rushes on Saturday and .Monday next. A large majority over Cooper is certain. A public meeting of electors in called for Saturday, by M r. Cooper. The non-acceptance of his resignation as sub. gold-commissioner is generally thought to have completely annihilated any chance of success he may have in this electorate. ? Saturday, Oct. 31\. — Mr. Cooper held a meeting to- day— about two hun. tired persona were present. An amendment that he was rot a fit and proper person waa cairied, only three hands liein/r held up in favour of him. A torchlight demonstra. tion, in tavourof Wilson, comes off to. night Kiama, Friday, Oct. 30.— At 10 o'clock last night the house of Mr. Gordon, at Jamberoo, was burned to the ground. Mr. Goidon had been out at a party, and when he returned he found his house destroyed, and a little girl named Bradley, ten years of age, burned to cinders. An inquest is to be held un the remains of the child. A man who has not yet been identified, fell off his cart at Dayto, and his brains were kicked out by t!ie horse. The police have apprehended a man calling himself William Man chcll, on suspicion of being John Iteilly, for whom the Government offered a reward of £25, he baring escaped from Berrima gaol. Gouldurn, Friday, Oct. 30,— An inquest was held to* day on the body of Charles Jacobs, who died while in a fit of delerium (rumens. The verdict given by the jury was visitation of God. Orange, Fridav, Oct: 30. -A large number of in. fluential electors are canvassing through the district lor Mr. Martin. Mr. Martin was heard at all his meetings with very great attention. H is return by a large majority is considored certain. ? Tuesday, Nov. 3.— The nom ination for Orange took plaoe to-day, Mr. John Tom Lane proposed, and Mr. John Collins seconded, Mr. Martin. Mr. George McKay proposed, and Mr. Peter Cavaiiagh seconded, Mr. Chariot Cowper, Jun. There was nothing new in Mr. Martin's speech, lurther than already roportcd in the IVcstirn Examintr, except that ho would dismiss the persons appointed in certain publip offices by Mr, Cowper, senr., by degrees. Mr. Cowper's speich was a masterly effort, and greatly surprised his friends, Tito returning oltleer declared the show of hands to lie in favor of Mr. Martin. This created much dissat isfaction, m at the beat, it was doubtful, but if there was any preponderance it waa in fovor of Mr. Cowper. Many diggers held up both hand; for Mr. Martin' Mr. Cow per read a refutation of tho alleged defalcation in the. Treasury in the Empire, which gave general satisfaction. A poll Waa demanded 'by Mr. Cowper. Both parties aro confluent of success. Chances aro greatly in Air. Uowpers ravor, so lar as appearances ai present go, FoRnes, Friday, Oct. 30.— It is reportod that Gilbert's gang wore seen in'tbis neighbourhood yesterday morning by the driver of the coach, and that thov were separated | Gilbert and Vane going by themsulves, and Ben Hall and O'Meally nearly an opposite direction. 'I hers ih a great llood on the Laohlan, the river being now bank high. Aralugn.— Monday, Nnv. 2,-It hat been blowing « hurricane hero for tho past three days, and at preient'ia raining heavily. Great preparations are making here for coining election. Dr. Wilson's friends aro working very energetically, and his return is considered certain. Tha diggers nl Xcrrlguudah to n man will rota for Dr. -\VII«on. 