A >1 lDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM. Sweet eve of summer, for the sun was down ; Tet though nu sickle through the fields had pass'd, Through the warm haze shown gleams of golden brown, And yellowing green, the com was ripening fast. And down a w.ndiug dell, with wreath on wreath, 'Mid leafy twilights they had made their own. The hops clasp hand in hand, that underneath, Old Fan unseen might wanderquaint and lone. The air was rife with far-off melodies, The cuckoo's voice was faint beyond tbe wood, And soft as moan of waves on summer seas, The twilight's sigh past through the solitude. The curious shadows flittingto and fro, Changeful aud strange across my path would wing. That so, if 'twere not for a star or two, Tbe night might scarcely seem a holy thing, Yet like that nisht is life ; with just above us A faint soft glow, meteor's silvery train, Or little star, when some one lives to love us A little while; till all grows dark again. Yet best to bravely hope, and gently bear \- Our griefs and beat our spectre cares away, And hold a noble tight with our despair; Or calmly, by our beal fires,.watch and jiray. Though -through the darkness cometh One at length, No mail of proof may stand; can we not borrow From the deep beauty of the night a strength, To arm us 'gainst the inevitable sorrow 2 The daylight bath died out from cloud aud sky, Yet in the indistinctness, wide and vast, The Infinite, the Unknown, cometh nigh ; And from above the Immortal gleams at last! Yet we are still of earth—then mark, behold, A star that dawns a lonely path to bless ; No sweeter flowerdoth gentle spring unfold, No dewy night with loving lips caress. She comes, mine own! O light of life draw near. Glide like a rayinto mine heart, nor deem, Close to thy tresses, whispered in thine ear, My troth is but a Midsummer's Night Dream! THE GOOD OLD TIMES—A correspondent of the WeeHy Despatch has, apropos of nothin the following gossip about the Times of Old : —Our ancestors' dinuers indicate the existence of stronger stomachs than their decendants possess. Th'ey had fish for their firstcourse, as we have now ; but it consisted of whale aud grampus, porpoise and sea-wolves. Flesh meat followed, but it was well salted, had been long iu pickle, aud required teeth like hatchets to tear it asunder; the colour of their bread would affright a delicate modern lady or fastidious gentleman, who is perhaps in the habit of scolding the baker if the loaves are not well whitened with alum ; vegetables were plentiful, but there were no potatoes; peas, garlic, beaus, onions, and leeks representing the garden upon a thirteenth century table; The wine, too, claret, or clairels, so called says Longman, in hi Lectures on History, " because the wine was sweetened with honey, and afterwards strained till it became clear— from all possessions in Gascony, aud some sort of sherry from Spain, for those who sit ou the dais ; and beer aud cider enough for those who sit in the marsh. But the beier ' is made from a mixture of barley wheat, *nd oats, without hops, which have not yet been found out The insipidity of the beer is taken off oy spices. There is witie, too, made from English vineyards, but it must be sour stuff anil titonly for the marsb (the lower table.) Nobody but the King had a glass to driuk out of, and he has none to spare for his friends ; but he has cups made of cocoa-nuts, or gourds, or buffalo horns, and of beantiful agates for his principal guests. 'Ibe woodeu bowl, the earthen jug, aud the leather jack serve well enough for the great bulk of the assemblage. The tables are pretty firm, for their legs are well stuck iuto the mud floor Now that the guests are seated, and ready for their repast, up comes the meat ou a spit, served round by the servants, and each man cuts off a bit with bis knife, and puts it into a wooden bowl orou hie trencher. Most.'f the people have wooden spoons,. but nobody has a fork. Fingers were made before forks and fouud convenient. Coal is firstmentioned in 1245, and there is a story of a man being executed forburning sea coal iu London alter its use had been forbidden by Royal Proclamation in tbe year 1306. Thenobiiity were not greatly troubled with wardrobe; their dresses were indeed few, four shirts being considered a good allowance for a nobleman in the fifteenth-century, when youths were sent to college without a change of liuen. It is upon record, that Bishop Swinfield for himself and bis whole household, iu the thirteenth century, spent only forty-three shillings and twopence iu twelve mouths ; and the Duke of Northumberland's establishment, in .the time of Henry VUL, consisting of one hundred and seventy persons, cost only forty shillings for the laundry expenses of a year. The splendonr of the Court of theEighth Harry must have beenaccompanied by a considerable amount of dirt A great deal of the romance of that time disappears when it is considered how -greatly the. ladies stood in need of washing. . A GHOST CLUB.—Among the oddities of the day is the establishment of a ghost club—sot, as might be supposed, a club for the assemblage of genial spirits but an institution for the organized-research into tbe possibility of a traveller returning from those bournes to which we all look fvrwand with interest. The club is downright earnest, as may be gathered fromthe fact that the committee advertise for a " haunted house," one whose reputation is well authenticated. Doubtless the answers will be numerous; andif latter , minute seaiph> the committee of the ghost clnb succeed in re-establishingthe respectability of-tbe hitherto supposed hanuted mansions, by proving the charge nnfoiiuded their labours will be largely useful, as tbe number of so- called haunted houses that are closed and bave gone to decay in and abont town,under this mouldering aud blighted reputation, is ridiculously large.' We lenow of half a dozen such. The reader wishing a-pleasant drive out . of the subuibs, may choose Finchley road, and just before the corner of the road made celebrated by "the" bait of tbe "woman'in white— namely, that diverging to Frognal and West Hampatead—tbey will see a stately ruin embedded in trees, quite in the ghostly style. This place, we believe, bears the reputation of being the habitation of a ghost, and is, doubtless, at the service of the club, though tbe old keeper, who receives tbe gratuity of the credulous inspector, pooh-poohs the idea, if not the profit it raises. ' -It haB, however. itsbit of real romance, well vouchedby this cicerone—namely, the walling in of a wife for two years, without her seeing a ray of light fromheaven or tbe aspect of ber fellow-beings. This is the stoiy. the person tells, and'gives very minute particulars of many, other mattery highly interesting to the gobempvdte, with the. uaine of The Bluebear which is one not uew to.,fortune and tofame.— Court Journal.. At Tunbridge Wells the other day, -a cricket match - took • place ' between ' eleven: handsome specimens cif humanity and eleveu ugly gentlemen. The "handuomes" won the match In" 'one innings, and' bad thirty-six runs to •pare:' : ' ' 