NOTHING NEW. A STRANGE TALE—AND RATHER "BUSHY." BY TERRY TYRE. FAR in the bush I met a man— A white old man, an' very grey, Twas written in his sunburnt face, "This darn'd old chum has had his day." 'Twas plain his quantity o' sand Had longer, further, run than most: Old Time had sthrongly PEPPER'D him, An' he would soon give up the ghost. He was a very ancient chum Whatever way you viewed or took him, A sthrange fish too as e'er you saw An' DEATH would very shortly hook him. A stout wood-splitter once was he, Fast nearing now unto the Styx— His mortal clay was crumbling down Like twice ten thousand half-burnt bricks. "Sit down beneath my sthringy Bark, Yerself an' dog, young man," says he, "The day wears on—the nights are dark— You'll rest an' fare here fizzingly!" "I live alone in this lone place, No tender faymale tends on me, Nor wife, nor family have I— But yondher graceful Oak's a she! "You come from Milbourne towering town? I once felled totthering gum threes there: We'll have a chat—the billy's on,— An' you will tell what's new or rare." "Thank ye," quoth I, "my tale I'll tell, An' first—the Ould Boy, horns an' tail Roams freely over Milbourne town—" "Tush man!" says he, "that news is stale!" "Lor, bless your sowl!" says this old chum, "His brisk Satanic Majesty Landed here years an' years ago With JOHNNY FAWKNER, M.L.C.!" "That may be so," says I; "but now He keeps the hoighth o' company! With judge and member arm-in-arm"— "That's nothing new my frind!" says he. "He always had a fancy for Such larned men as these," says he— "His very dearest friends out here Are often coves with a degree!" * * * * * The She-oaks here began to screech, The Sthringy Bark began to moan. The frightened Mopokes clapped their wings— The poor old chum began to groan! The Dingo, knowin' what was up, Ran down the Creek with dismal howl, An' startled all the kangaroos An' 'possums, an' all feathered fowl. In walked OULD NICK into the hut, Nor bow made he, but wagged his tail (A rather nate an' tidy scut)— The poor ould chum began to quail! He walked up to the poor old chum, He tapp'd him on his cabbage three, An' then in voice as loud's a dhrum Says he—"Old man, just come with me!" "I'll shut yer mouth," says Misther NICK, As you don't spake respictfully O larned tip- top gintlemin— My very chicist frinds," says he. He sthruck the thrembling poor old chum Three licks with his long fork'd tail— The poor old man thin caised to be: He was as dead as a door nail! My way I slily felt an' groped (The darkness had grown black as ink)— I found the door—thin off I sloped. Into the lone Bush, while ye'd wink! 