THEATRICALS AND MUSIC THEATICE BOYAl. Last Saturday night, one of tho most unquali fied tucceffes was achieved uprn tb.090 boards that it has been our lot to witness, since tbe opening of this theatre, eiirht years ago. Mr. Sullivan baa dons not a little to evoke favourable comment, sinoo ho has had tho management of tills house, by the nice attention bo has pafil to the requirements of the pieces. ho has selected from time to tlmo; bat be hm in this in'tauce overtopped bis previous efforts, and ' Tbe Mer chant of Venice' is ?confessedly the; roost cqra-' plete illustration of . what colorjlal theatrical enterprise can accomplish that wo havo yot ?witnessed. ? It is not simply meretricious ; for that would be a very equivocal kind of merit. If la not oE display Mone that we would spook ; for- obtrusive colour and profuse dcooratton no more conatitsto genuinely appropriate econia accom panimentB, than do overloaded finery tasteful rjarmonts. It is easy enough to paint new scenery and to tnako now appointments, if no caro Is exercieed as to the suitability of theso to' tho pnrposo for which tliey are intonded ; but it Is another matter entirely to tnko care that they shall represent the belongings of the play In connection with which they are produced ; and thus it iB that Jfr-Hennirifis haa appHed himself tp tho task of working out the business of accom panying this play with such adjuncts ns ml^'ir. contribute to mnko it better understood and more fully enjoyed. Forwe have neither' sym rjatliy nor patience with those peculiarly minded individuals, who bewail tbo degradation of tho drarna in -that it-la einatliered under what they nrc plonBcd to terra pnint and uphoiatory. There would bo qnite aa much reason in protesting against a good .frame for a great picturo, as in attempting to demonstrate tbo injuriouincsa of omploying nny or all tho arts in giving proper effect to the undying creations of our great poct-dramntlet. Certainly, this particular play waanover better nnd.rstood by an audience than during this its present rovival. . Tho very fact 0 being aided by appropriate scene! y seems to bnve a beneficial oflcot npon the actor* tlirui selves: They appear to be in the most oxcollent spirits, and they go through their work ns if it wero a pastime. The illusion, one cannot -but (liink, (b aided, in their case, quito 09 greatly as with an audience; and to como upon the scene la h gondola, Instead of perpetually walking wbero Iho smallest acquaintance with the locale teaohes ilint canals aro the highways, must havo an obvious effect in hclp'ng tho imagination to realize tho scene. Mr. Henniugp, therefore, is to bo regarded as one of thoao who aasist in clearing away tbe donbts and misapprehensions wbiob Burroarjd tho text. His are practical commen taries, whioh commend thom«elves to tho oyo, and so aid tho judgment. For oxample,- In the fifth act, where Jessica speaks of tho sweet wind gently kissing the treea, it la not difficult to imagine that sort of tooliniV salutation going on In so clyBian a place. , Tlioro are eomc stogp trees, however, which no Bwcot wind would con- ' descend to .kiss, and If tbo two lovers had boon placed among them, Jessica's apostrophe to the night, tho wind, the trees, and all tho other sensuous agencio9, would havo been out of place. Wo have mentioned tho last scene, but not because, there, is not much besldo tho last scene evocative of admiration, boautiful as it is. Tbo grand canal, with a bridge leading to Shylock's house, and a vast pile of characteristic arobltec turo in tlio background, In a picture of moBt ex aulsito contrivance, and reminds one of thoso ashing, graphic, vivid, water colour paintings by that clover Frenchman, Harny, several of wboso works havo beon on Bale in Melbourne, and which desprved all, and' much more than air tbo money for whioh they sold. When Mr.' Lambert, as Old Oobbo, combs halting ovor that bridge, and when, just afterward*, Baesanio cornea in a gondola underneath it, one begins to think wbetbor there has not been aomo magio conjuration, and tbat one is not In tho new city of tlio South, but In that old, old city, once a gropp of Foatferod islands, whoreon flshormen built their buts ; afterwords, o city of pnlacea, inhabited by the proudo9t of nobles; nnH .now, though stiU etntoly, grand and beautiful, tbo vassal of tho oppressor. . All sorU of associations oouio thronging into the mind; and the art, tho literature, and tho' arms 'of four' dohturies ago, centre themselv'cV.'ln. , thia', wpndorful oUy iu the : sea. Tun sorcnado tbat la supposed to bo sung by llatsanio and hit friends before tho elopomont of Jessica, contributes eomatlihg to tho production, of this Illusion ; an 1 hero It may bo remarked, that the time- und tuno of thia mndrlgal, woro kept with singular care. The other concerted1 piece, however, whioh was sung In tho fifth act, was not eo {Treat a success. Whelhor this inferiority nrose.frdra tho quality of tho musIcitsolfjOrfrom .tholes) p'orfecfi acquaintance pf tho perfprmors [with tbo, comppoitlou, Is not quito' clear. Tho first ,pieco,'b.owovcr, was uuexospiionnbly good,, jand giwe satisfaction alikoto the qduoato4 ear |and to that not sclontiucilly tralnotl to tbo - recognition of thri quality of ewcet sounds. Of tho other scenery, perhaps tbo most . careful oxunipid Is' the .Court of Justice. : Hi-.iis. the dotallj hara been attended to with the most commendable c»re, and tho frescoes which adorn I the walli are put in with tho most '{odious aitention to the rcqnircmonls of fact. There is one fault, however, In this scene, lacking which it would be completo. The. proepeotive Is » litile faulty. The lines In the part in I .ont ol the ecrcon aro not correspondent with thoso bohind. This, to a comet eye, la » mtlo dis trcBfing : bnt it Is a fault whioh Mr. Henningo could easily rectify, and then the picturo would requiterjqthjng else. The saloon of. the casketB is of datzSng beauty. Bright, rich, ond ooneotly chromatic, it Batlifies tho ojo without wenrying it. .Nevertheless, tho cabinet wherein the'caskcU are kept is too much like on oven, with- three door», to be perfectly pleasing. It may possibly have beon copied from authentic source*, and so may have n utiong claim to ba considered ' as essential to the scene. We like It not, however, ond If It should not bavti the sanction of authority rind antiquity, It had best not have boen there. The merit of tho getting up of thiaiilay consists not alone in scenery, however. There are1 many adjuncts which not a little servo to glvo increased effect ; for oxample, tto hint we bave'of theoarnivnl. Sbakspcaro does not mention the carnival, but ho speaks about ' masking,' and bo It is quite en regie for a troup ot mad revellers to come on with Chinese lanterns of divers coloura. In tho first soonc, too, tbe processions of the magnificoes, ns they are going to Ihe court, has a very pictureBquo ?miAnrnnefl : thoueh it iaeaid, on authority, that there is a little bit of license bero, and Ibat tbo magnificoes would have a very long way to walk if they wero obligod to cross at this particular part of tbe city. For anything anybody knows, howover, they might be taking a circuitous couiso forsomeBpeclfic purpose, as tbe determina tion of Bome jurisdiction ; or, perhaps, they were In the habit of doing so, for the benefit of their health, their occupation being sedentary and their modo of Ufa provocative of dyspeptic ail ments. In any csse, thepioture Is a charming one. and it makes ono long lo bo »tratelled man, and to havo seen with one's own oyes those wondorful specimens of Byzantine, Saracenico Gothic architeoturo, of which Mr. Hennings gives such an excellent notion by means of canvas and pigment. One cannot but fanoy they live altogether a more poetical Bort of life three or four hundred years ago, when they woro apparel which Is now denominated ' fancy,' and had neither railways, telegraphs, photographic artists, nor banks. With theso last institutions, however, Antonio would have been unquestion ably better off thnn with that spiteful old Hebrew and bio ctrnivorous propensities. The matter would have been tho simplest transaction in tbe world. Antonio would have accepted Bassanio's bill for three months, and having good credit, tho banks would have discounted his ' paper ' without any difficulty. If our monotary transactions in these days aro moro convenient, they are certainly less pictnrotquo, and Sbaks pearo might never have written the ' Merchant of Venice' if, say, the Oriental Banking Com pany, had had a branch establishment in tbo noighbourboou ot trio itiaito, and a long lino 01 acto:s would havo lacked tho opportunity of achieving fame iu this cb&raoter.; At this moment it woukLnothavs bo.n our function to pronounco Mr. Sullivan's Shylock eminently well conceived, carefully wronght up, and studiously considered as to all its elocutionary indications; cor lo 8*y that Mrs. Heir's Portia still possesses all the womanly gracei that liave long been associated with her performance of the character; that Mr. Ireland's Antonio is appropriately dienificd, and just sufficiently tinged with melancholy to make, it interesting without. being lugubrious; tbat Mr. Heir's Bassanio is a corrcotly spoken and extremoly well- dressed gentleman, as the lover of bo charming a woman as Portia ought to bo; tbatTfr. FiEzgeraldVGraflano suggests a lively, good-natared, impetuous fellow, just allltle given to low comedy business ; that Air. Lambert's old Oobbo is precisely what -a blind old man should be, and Mr. Charles Tonng's Launoelot a very diverting son of such an old man ; that; Mr. Harwood's Duke Is soverely judicial, as becomes it to bo; tbat Mr. Chapman is a very respectable Prince of Morocco, and Miss Earl a most allur ing Nerlss&. All this, like Grnmlo'e narration to Curtis, wonld have been lost to mankind If there bad bocn banks in Venice ; and further, it would not have been our hap to say, as now we do say, that for general completeness in evory way, this troduotion, now running a prosperous career at the Thcitre Royal, has not been surpassed in tho colonies, and -will certainly bear favourable com parison with somo of tbosn grand rovivala at homo, of which we have Jieard bo tnncb, and which we bavo not by any means unworthily emulated. It is In tbo last degroo onoouraging to : find so much, enterprise and intelligence brought to bear upon the presentation of Shak epoaro's undying works, and it is not I a I little upon - whioh to felioltate our clvc3 that we possess in Mr. Heuuingi an artist so thoroughly capable pf carrying oul the Inten tions of, the management, ' XIOYAX. niTIHAnKEr. ?ie stories of our great poet-novelist do not, rulo, rlramntiao well. Tho very circumstance which contributes so greatly to their attraotlve neBS— namely, their wonderful variety— rendore them ' difficult of being shaped into a dramatic form.' The qualities of coni[.nctness and c!ose nciis, so essential to the success of an acted play, are with difficulty preserved whero the range of locale is so onaidcrnble, and tbo characters so slightly interdependent, as Ib the case in most of .Dtckens's novels Por strong individuality of character, however, it is noedlcsa to 'Bay that they BnrpakS Ml others ; and thus, if tbo 'Pickwick Papers' on tho stage aro but a very feeblo ocho of tho ' Pickwick Papers' of the book, tho more prominent persons that people the story may be oiven with a distinctness that Bhall mako up somewhat tor tho lack o£ proper, dramatic attributes ; and in tho handd of bo competent an netor aa Mr. Coppin, Sam Weller may be made, ifjnbt precisely as' interesting aa tbo Sam Wellor w|hlch ' Boz' and 'H. K. B.' together have createil, yat not a littlo opproxima'o to that result. And it is not a little ogrceaUe to revive, even if with somo diminution of their vividness, recolleotlons that have long ago communi cated bo agreeable an Improssion upon the' Wind as — this, tho first, and — manyi things . considered— tho '? best, of ? ? all' tbe delightful piciuros from tho life that Charles Dickens boa given to tho world. If Mr. Coppln lias reawakenod, even In a modified degree, tbe intense .enjoyment which everyone has felt on reading' Pickwick' for tho first time, he h'»s deserved not a little of the gratitude of theatre goora. On Wednesday evening, His Excellency tlie Qovcrnor, and Lady Darling, : honoured this theatro with their presence. The attendance, n9 may ha preaMmod, was numerous. Tho circum stance of tho vice-regal box being occupied for tho first time, since the accession of tfio new Governor to office, constituted one of those in- , Cidental eonrcoB of attraction which may always bs confidently relied upon a* capable of filling the house. Nevertheless, the attraction proper waa very remofdfrobi Insufficient. , Mr. Coppin's Peckover : is full of that undoubted humour of which he has such an inflnllo fnnd, and bis Trotter Southdown, In 'To Oblige Beuson,' has long .been one of Ilia established cbaractora wherein he has gained for bimeclf no small addition to the reputation of being our vofy best Bud foremost genuino low oatnediaa. On Mon diy be will tako. his benefit, and no doubt will roceive a ' Bpecinl mirk ; of support from hla numerous frionds. During the ensuing week the thoatro is to remain closed, and a wbolo hive of busy workmen ore to bo employed repairing, painting, paporing, decorating, and generally rehabilitating it, bo as to enable it to put on tbo beat possible face to welcome the illustrious stars who aro to mako their drat appearance thia night week. On Wednesday, tho oempanies of this theatre and of the Princess's nsjemblod, to present to Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean an address expressive of welcomo to them from tbe theatrical profession, on. thoir arrival in tbla colony. - Singnlurly enonch, the day happened to be the thirty-sixth anniversary of Mr. KcoJi'a first appearance, at Drury Lane, In the character of Norval, and tho particulars of wbioh aro bo well known to ovorybody familiar with the con temporary history of tha stago. In the oddrcsB a hope was expressed that Mr.: and Mrs. Kean w nld prolong their stay in these botanies boyond tho period fixed for thoir departure. Mr. Kean, howavor, while thasking his professional brethren for tho expression of tUoIr wIbIios, said that six months would be tho utmost limit of their stay. If Mr. Brooko should arrive shortly, and It iB said tbat bis early coming Is not im probable, wo shall have qultd an crtibarra) du talent in tbe colony, and Bhokspoare will be in tho ascendant lo an oxtent he has never yet beon. Tho topic of tha day, indeed; Is the rival tragedians, and thp oartoon which PU'notFdovoted to the BUbjoot on, Thursday was very happily conceived; ',? , ' ' ? .. ' :;I«»KHrO*388 IHE1IBE, ' ? Mr. T?4woott'8 local ? extr.avnganra was. pro- duced with complete lucoess Inst Saturdaynigbt. It la a bit of broad and intensely' humourous' absurdity, and though the author has hit about him vigorously enough, ho has dono.ao, nof ill-naturedly. There, is always plenty of room lor ' the exercise of satire) in all parts of tha world, and In whatevor modo tha weapon la oraployod.' Of old they bad Juvenal and the liko ; lathe middle ages, they lud their Jesters'; in tho last century they bad Pope and ,hl«, 'Duncladi'. and In the preaont day we ? have Punch and burlesque. Tho partlou!ar- -objects sought to be presented to the rislhla sufcoptibllltles of the audience, are the proprietor of a popular ex I hlbiUonln Bourke street, and the manager and proprietor of the Theatre Rova . These last, however, only figure prominently in theopening; V?o have aiceno somewhat uncertainly, ropre senUng tho front of tbat establishment; m close conference aro thtftwo celebrities jnst spoken of, and, for acouracy of mako;up, noth irnr han beon seen on Iho Melbourne sUgo moro strikingly 1 ke tho'oriRlnal purposod.tp.be personated. «?»»-'», vtra iffgies if Mr. Kyto.i)res?nted by Mr. John. Edouin™ It Is perfect. Height, .bulk, gait, mannor, drew, conntcninoo, and hirsute append ages, are all given with the 'exactness of »R£°-£- grapbpand with veryimuob moro f ban phoW grapbio cxprcsBlon. The two^ Drom ioi weto nothing- to the two Kytcs. Mr. .Fa.wcett'« mako up of tho manager is not so happy as is his por trait of the waxwork and phrenology man. This is to bo ranked with bia two North British doctors, who, it will be remombered, were infinite in tho cleverness of their resemblanoe. Of tho plot of this pleoo of felicitous oxtravagance, It is n dream of tho waxwork man. Somnolent and liquor-laden, bo is carried into regions of the Imagination, where his flgnros come down from their perches, and execute fantastic Pf'Jbpls around him. Jack Sheppard, Tim Bobbin, Madelino Smith, Sbakspeare, Charles Koan.Tom SayetB, Mre. Manning, Jane Shore, tbe Baker, and ' Tho Woman who pricked her Finger, are all animated with a desire to do something moro than stund for over in variously conitramed attitudes, lo be tho ' gazi and sport of Ihe lime. Tho action proper, however, Is reserved for two of thorn— Mra. Manning, and Miss Madeline Smith— who savorally aro seen to bo onnmouicd of their custodian, and, by consequence, jealous of eaoh other. The scene of ibeir loves and hates Is a garden, which, by a powerful oxerciso of tbo imagination, may bo regirded aa Crcmorne. Hero tho man', of wax doclares to each ono separately that ho loves her to1 tho exclusion of nil tho rest of. woman kind ; but his perfidy being discovered, ho Is attacked by tho rivals, who respectively conspire against his Ilfo, — the one with steel, tho other with poison. Finally, he slaya thorn both, and thoir fellow characters coming in to avenge them, ho Binites them also to the death, and finally commits suicide in horror at his crimo. All tbia very vizorous aotion, aa may be supposed, ia accompanied by smnrtly-written dialogue, effec tivoly delivered and pointedly nppliol, and some of tbo allusions are exceedingly happy. The conclusion shows him of tbe wax-works restored to a condition of wnkefujneas and tranquillity. The real business of this littlo pasquinade is in the hands of Mr. Fawcolt, Miss Hose Edouin and Miss Marian Dunn, who entor into the spirit of. tho jest with exceeding gusto. Miss Eilouin's pots as tho wax figure, before becoming animated, is a wonderfnl imitation of the unlifeliko rosition which wax figuro3 generally aro m»detoassumo; another . proof of the possession by thii young lady of closely observing powers, and of tho facility with which she applies theso to the prac tical purposes of her art. Tho samo remark may lastly apply to tbe Tim Bobbin of Mr. W. Edouin, who looks as if ho had just walked ont if tua window whero that scml- idiotio individual cvas some time ago exhibited. FArenthotically, it may be remarked that the real Tim Bobbin waa a very shrowd individual, of n reasonably becom ing presence, and possessing no little talent as a local poet. Why tho proprietors of wax-work exhibitions should always choose to represent him - as a fatuous clown, is one of the many mysteries which remain to be solved. It is, however, qni'e in keeping with tbe proolico of wax modellers in general, whoso principal object appears to bo to make their figures as littlo like anything human as it is possible for them to be. This principle of wtx design has evidently been perceived by. Miss Edouin and her brother, and tha fidelity of their poHraits to the original caricatures . is of exceeding merit. But Miss Elouin's deserts are far from being com-' prised in the cleverness of her attitudinising. Her. muck tragic earnestness, in the contest with hor rival, is very marked, and It is just of that kind which suggests the possession ot ability to depict tho real passion of which it is intended only as a counterfeit. Miss Edouin bas long ago given assurance that ber ability, in ropreicnting tlie atronger emotions, goes greatly boyond both tho mere sound and bustle of molodramatio roquito ments, and tho artificial bluator of burlesque. Her talent for something higher than all these has, however, boon suggested rather than demon strated, and it lacks tho occasion for a moro sufficient exhibition ol its extent than has hitherto been presented. She will disappoint many peoplo if she do not, one of theso days, accom plish moro than, so far, she has even perhaps thought of attempting. She ban doAorveuly won her way to the poaitlon of a leading favourite on _thq_.Yiotor!«n_ stage, and tlioro is no membe of It more thoroughly painstaking and more generally successful In what she essays than hor se! f. .To-night ebo- lakes ber benefit, and tho occasion la to be signalized by tbo appoarance_of the G&rrlck; Club. Tbe compliment ia well merited, and the attondanco. nill no doubt bo an overflowing ono. The seriouB portion of tho prngramme during the week has consisted of 'iTho L»at of the Mohicans.' which comprises eomo of the loading incidents In that most successful of all Cooper's delightful stories Tho sensational element of course predominates, and thero is muoh flashing of knivo3 and discharging of fire-arms. Mr. Fawcott makes on excellent Ilawkeyc, Miss Rosa Edoutn an exceedingly ihtorestinc Cora, and Miss Marian Dunn, as Alico, as lively and buoyant as is her wont; Misa Naylor la -wolf made np aa tho young chief, Uncaa, and covers her pretty face with Spanish brown, with a proper regard for the presumed com plexion of that uniortnnato Indian. Some of tbo fcenery is piaturosquely appropriate, and has been, prop&red; by Mr. Tnnnott expressly in illustration of tha piece. ' The Tower of London,' drnmatited by Mr. Q. Fawcott, is to be produced hero next week, and will embrace tho wbolo strength . of . tbo double companies o( tho Huymarket and Princess Thoatrea. BaxlaarIt.— The Campbell Minstrels termi nated their engagement at tho Royal, on Satur day last. Dnring the post week, tbo 'Peep o' Day BoyB,'j''All that. Glitters ia not. Gold,' and othor stock pieces bavo boon produced, ' On Thursday, n'; handsome gold-mounted whip was presented, on tho Btago, to S. Waldook, who rode the winner of tha Bailaarat Champion Rnco. ' Bendioo. — Tho success which attended tho representation of ' Heart's TrioUi' nt tbo Lyceum, induced Mr. It. H. Cox to produco another drama on Monday last, entitled 'The Lost Estate.' Like its predecessor, ib abounds in situation and clioct, and was entirely Buccoxful. Tbe Btndigo Advertiser speaks of it in eulogistio terms. Tbe principal oharaotors were sustained by Mrs. Hill, Mra. Cox; Messrs. Cox, Vinaon, and Hill. Darlaa, tbo wook, tho Leopolds have appeared in several now ballets, in which they have won tho Unqualified approbation of the frequenters of this popular thoatro. , Cwr^BMirHB.— The Polytechnic Ghost made his last appearance at the Royal on Saturday, elnco when Mr. Hall,, tho dramatio polypbonist, has had pouaossjon ot the board b. By tho aid of forty changes of dross, an abundance of songs, and sundry Bploy local 'bits,' hisenterUinmont has been tolerably successful. , DAYLBSPonD.— 'Jack Sheppard' boa beon tbo attraction. at tho Royal during tbe early part of tho week, tho ' hero' boing sustained by Madame Durel, with Mr. Warde as Jonathan Wild, and Mr. Leroy as Blueskln. On Wednes day, tho drama of 'Green ? Bushea' was substituted. GuELONO.— A complimentary boncflt was: fiven to Mra. Gordon llydo at the Meoha.nlca1 nstitutc, on Monday last, which, owing to tho pnpropitiona state of tho weather, was thorevorse of suoccaiful la a pecuniary point of viow. The local papors, however, speak in iho highest terms pf tho porformanco, whioh comprUed a protean skotoh, entitled ' An Hour ia Town' (la which Mrs. liyda sustained four characters), a musical molango, and a farce, entitled 'Tho Two Turtle Doves, or tho Cockney iu Franco.' ; MAJOltbA.— Burton's National Circus was crowded laat Tuesday »nd Wednesday evenings and tho performance fully sustained tbe well earned reputation of the troupe. The Bearded Lady, with her son and Signor Gbio, have appeared to good bouses at tbo Prinoa of Wales Theatro. 