DISTRICT POLICE COURT. Tuesday, 21 sí July. (Before Messrs M. Campbell, E. Lewie, and James M'Intosb. Justices of the Peace.) DRUNKENNESS.-Charles Bobsoa far this offence vas fined 5s. Charles Hoskins, for being drunk, disorderly, and assaulting the arresting constable was fined £3, or sereu days in gaol. Samuel Greaves for being drunk.was fined 5s. ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT.-Timothy Kean was charged with having embezzled the moneys of his employers, Messrs Baird and Brown, ot the Enter prise Flour Mills. Detective Hudson said the priso ner was arrested on the previous night. Mr Holmes for the defendant, said that Mr Brown would not i proceed against the accused. In fact the matter had been arranged. The Bench said Mr Brown ought to be more cautious in putting the country to expense in hunting for the prisoner, with a warrant granted on an information. Mr Holmes said the " young man" had been on the spree, which was the occasion of the whole affair. The accused was discharged. ASSAULT.-Samuel Sndgen was remanded until Saturday, for having assaulted a man named Staple ton. THE GUNPOWDER PLOT.-The several defendants in this case were bound over to appear on Thursday; both sides agreeing to the postpone ment. CAUSE LIST. Police v Millar, Taylor and Cottie, for not having their names painted on their carts; fined ls each and Ss costB. Tollgate keeper v Westaway, for evading the payment of toils. Mr Randall for the plaintiff, and Mr Jeffrey for the defendant. The latter ob jected to the wording of the summons, as it did not state where Mount Clear was. The bench decided on going on with the case, as all its members knew where Mount Clear was. Mr Bandall said there was a fence that ran parallel with the Mount Clear toll gate, and being obnoxious to some persons it was pulled down a few nights ago. Then the defendant with a horse and dray passed through the gap thus occasioned. Martin Faning, tollgate-keeper, deposed that the Government erected the fence. It had been pulled down several times during the night time. Saw the defendant with a horse and dray go through a part of the fence that bad been pulled down. The defendant resided on the Buninyong side of the toll gate, and was on bis way to Ballarat; fined 10s and costs 15s. The Gas Company v Dunk, £8 4s; order for amount and costs. Police v Wilson, for allowing a cow to run at large. The summons stated the offence to have been committed on the 13th inst. Mr Hardy for the defence said the cow was dead on the 8th, and probably it was the ghost of the cow that thc police bad seen. A new complication now arose. The original of the summons laid the date of the occurrence on the 3rd, but the copy served on the defendant fixed it on the 13th. The police averred that the 3rd was in the summons when served. The defendant positively denied this. The summons was withdrawn. Dixon v Ryan; postponed until Thursday. Anderson v M'Coy, damages for an assault. Mr Lewis for the com plainant. The litigants are both women of the town, and the assault consisted in biting off the top of one of the complainant's fiDgers. A certificate from Mr Whitcombe, surgeon, »as put in, which went to show that the complainant waB now an out door patient of tbe hospital. Mr Drury, the clerk of the court, said the persons were well known to the police. The defendant asked for a postponement until Thursday to produce witnesses, which was acceded to. Warren v Carter, Xl 153 3d, goods; order for amount and costs. (Mr Lewis here left the bench.) Henderson v Toney, £4, calls due to the New Waterloo Gold Mining Company; order for amount and costs. Mitchell v Webb and another; no appearance. Archer v Smith; no appearance. Horatio Horio v B. Dawson ; no appearance. Tra har v Minton, £14 ls 6d; order for £4 Us 6d and costs. Ryan v Dow; no appearance. Greaves v Hurling, £l 10s, goods; Mr Paynter for the plain tiff; order for amount and costs. Belsoo v Brooke; summons not signed. Same v O'Connor; summons not signed. Oddie v Onslow, £7 17s, use and occu pation; Mr Salter for plaintiff; order for amount J and costs. Same v Harneck, £7, rent; order for amount and costs. The Court tben adjourned. 