NEW YEAR'S ;DAYr'IN MELBOURNE, i » The year 1863 'has-'bertainly commenood:mosti auspioiously.' Favoured by fine . wgather, the: atmosphere rendered /.cooL and pledsant by the: rain of last night," .it is-pot smprismg tlmt I'romi an early hour "this"5 morning; overybody" seemed! deterimned to oelebrate the birtliday oi trie new- year in right -goofl earnest. > Business m toiyn is j entirely susjiended; 'arid 1 sB; classes of pur. com munity have evidently " gong in " for enjoyment. Bourke street, arid, m. mot; every other street, appears deserted ; tho shops5 are oloscd, - except5- ing in a few instances,5, which" might) 'wo5 think, have followed the example' 'of their neighbours without . much lgss, and ,tho. sole possessors of Hie.paromonts. are , policemen, and a few. mem bers of - that extraordinary elassof misanthropes who roam abgut liko." blighted beings," inspri- Bible to the enjoyment of sociality.' Up to the tjmo we write, not a single contretemps that wb have hoard.of has occurred to mar.tbe pleasure gf the thousands of 'holiday-makers, who : are now merryriiaking. The various railways htivb each been largely patronised, and the cars havo made a fair harvest.. Brighton, Bench has added , another leaf to the .character it ; has recently gained;' as a resort of "pieriib parties, and the older claims of St. Kilda have /not boon disregarded. , San'dridge.and WiJliamstown are,e'ach;busy, and .the latter place is to-day the scene of probably more excitement than theoldest inhabitant can remember, owing to the races' whieh tako place' there/ Crbmprne Gardens are well filled, arid tho invitation to' dine , off roast boef and plum .pudding, presented by Mr Cop- pip, -to-1000. of tho 'public, seems to havo been numerously accepted. The Foresters mot, as .is the 'annual custom of that ancient body/ thi? morning near the Bolvidere Hotel,. Collingwood, and about 500 members having - formed them- : selves., into ft procession, paradod tlio principal \- thoroughfares in town.: ' The -inusio and banners, and badges symbolical of the craft, added, con- ! sidor ably to5 the appeavaneo of the body, which was altogether of q most picturesque description. (That dolightful, evergreen spot, trio Survey Pad- idock, was .the trysting-plaoe of many light and jhappy hearts -this :mornmg, tho annual German Ipio-nic beinf/ -amongst the many visitors to timt place'." : . ." '. .. 1 Tho'thbatres present all that .can be wished for. tfeft evening.: amusement. Opera, drama, arid pantomimes aro providod, and thoro is no doubt5 that the managerp '.gf'ea'eh of the three establish- merits' will have 'satisfactory and substantial rea sons for. romembcrinir . the first night, of 1803.— IfimiVj/ - >5- ,i- " '. '. " "The" as8embiy.— 'Mr , W. C.' Smith, "it" ap-jl pears, is about to resign his seat im the Logis-j| lativo Assembly; ' . The /Ballarat Star says. " On! Tuesday afternoon, Mr W. C. Smith, in ros-j ponding, to the toast of his health, proposed by- Mr Loader, M.L.A., at the gathering tli&t; took! place at the Unicorn Hotel, 5 to celebrate the in-| auguration of the Sears dale Company, stated5 most emphatically that jt was his intention toj resign .his seat for Ballarat West, in consequengo: of the adverse vote recorded against liim at tho! recent meeting in the Meohanics'. Institute./ He,' however, said ho would retain his seat until! -such time as the Local Government arid Muriibi-i pal Amendment Bills became law. -He -also al-! Iuded to bis labours 'in' connection .with 'thp! water supply, arid .gthor measures';' and camo tb.' thg conclusion that the constituerioy for, which he j had done so much, had treated him, toisay thoj least, very cavalierly." i>:)j j A. Ghost Stoet.— At the Police .- Court. .onj Saturday, . Anthony M.'Gbe', ; a . farm .labourer, j wascharged by coristabiaGridbin, with :vagrariby-. ' It appeared triat , ou 'Friday,' night: the prisoner! was iound in tho5 police : inclosure;< near the sta bles. 'On being 'aslcgdtqgjyeWagcpu ' self, H'e'shid he wished' to ggo'dy,; as he wag followed by-'g; ghost, /which would, not; give him rest. 5 5. The prisriner' spoke more like'a : lunatio than a p'erson55<iri ' the ppssessiori of his senses. '. Hb stated'; he "'had hoen' wbrking at M'B'oari's;.1 / . Hbjl/Trgs' .iqV/thg'.; habif5. M. takiiig strychnine, in large .'arid sinall1 quantities."5 When he took a largo quantity /ib; " made him- stiff." It' was' the' ghost, rif a Vomnn 'that.folloiy'ed him j he had not muriMd hbTirhw hody was dead, but harr,spul.w«s;liyirig oib. 'the,.- earth, t Nothing could be made out: ibti thp fellow, so' he was re- manded till Moridav. and on that dav'dischoreed. — ICyneton Oiserver,1 yjrj / insolvencies 'at , . JJALLABAT:; During trie year just endgd there , were, 180 insolvaney sohe-" dtiles filed t ipcBallarat; 5 or /riipro i than three .a week. This is qtfrely 'ri/tolbrably -strong reason why." a lgcaliriaqlveiby . jufisdigtiqn. should bp granted" , ffhe ..'cgstgf witnossbs' arid proof of debts must operateivery prejudicially to _ tho in terests of both'debtor' and oreditor,' while Geo- long or Melbourrie 'cgntinues to bg ' tho .'pace:J 6f jurisdictibn" , It, '.'is 'a .ciifigua : fact that 'the' first schedule ' in .'.the! year -was: filed by Chinese,: arid so i was the -las t.- r-Star. . - . 5 