THE NAGGLETONS ON MOVING. [From Punch] [The scene represents the distinguished couple at breakfast in their house at South Kensington.] Mr. N. (with the Times)— The news from America is intresting, but chiefly in a political point interesting, chiefly political point of view. The democrats, who, as I explained to you— Mrs. M.—l do not wish to hear anything about democrats. My papa always said that they were low people, who wished to subvert the altar and the throne. Mr. N.—But as there is no throne in the United States- Mrs. N.—Ah! that is jost you? vulgar habit of word-catching, which, excuse me, Henry, is quite apart from the manners of good society. Ido wish you could take a little example from Mr. Snotchley. |£Slr. N.—l should like nothing better, for he is going to Brussels. Mrs. N.—Ah! Mrs. Snotchley is to be envied. She enjoys life. Mr. V. (maUcionsly)—You can enjoy it precisely in the same way, my dear. Mrs. If.—l, Henry. No. I am not complain- | ing— Mr. ff.—That's a comfort. Mrs. N.—But to compare the pleasurable excite- { ment of Mrs. Snotcbley'e life with my monotonous ! existence is perfectly absurd. | Mr. N.—Comparisons are odious, my dear, and so is bad temper. But I merely meant to say that on the present occasion. Mrs. SaotcbAey's pleasurable ex citement will be derived from reading the letters her j husband may write her from abroad. j Mrs. N.—He writes beautifhl letters, for he is a j man of polished education, and it is delightful to | read them. And it is very considerate of him not i to drag her abroad with him in this uncertain ; weather. Mr. N.—One man may steal a horse, and another is hanged for looking over a fence. Mrs. N.—l hare heard that wise men make pro verbs, and—those who are not wise men—quote them. Ido not affect to understand your meaning. Mr. U.—No, there is no affectation about yon, everybody knows that. I mean that Snotchley is praised for leaving his wife at home, while I was abused for doing the same thing. Mrs. N.—That is what a man calls an argument! The weather daring your Paris trip was lovely. Mr. If.—lt rained four days out of six. Mm. N.—The Paris letters in the Times did not say so, Henry; but I |bave no wish to convict you of deceit. We have more important matters to speak of. Mr. If.—More important than my character for honesty and truth, Madam! What do yon mean by that? Mrs. N.—Do not be so violent. Suppose the chil dren beard yon. Mr. N.—How can they hear me, when they ere in then- breakfast-room ?—you talk nonsense. Mrs. N.—Wives always do, of course; do not <he "Flips" hold that as aa article of belief? But this wretchedly-built house allows everything to be heard from one room to another, and that brings me again to what I wanted to ear. Have you given notice to the landlord? Mr. If.—Notice of what, that we can hear through his wells? Mrs. N. (firmly)— Notice that we leave his noose at lady-day. Mr. N.—Certainly not, because we don't. Mrs. ST.—Henry ! Mr. If .—That is my name, Maria. It was given me by my god&thers; and godmother at my baptism. Mrs. N.—l must leave the room, of course, if you indulf*infaohpro^tanguag?. Mr.H.—lethatUwwmytospi^ofyoorMteehiHii, Mre-Naggtebm? I thought yoa knew better thinpu Mrs. N.—Henry bs serious if passible, apt for my sake, I should not think of mentioning mndf,lmt for that of the children for whom yon fSkweas some regard, aad for whom, whether you care for them or not, the world expects yon to chow some eoot&am-; Hon. It is unmanly to go off inject* arid jeste when a wife is talking to you oi their health and nappi nets. Mr. N.—You have eaid nothing about their health. As for their happiness, Oat shoot of laughing— there it goes again—does not seem to say that they are particularly miserable. Mrs. N.—A. child will sit upon s sick bed aad laugh. Mr. N-—Yes, etc doctor like Peter Onerous, and well he may. Now, are you going to quote Peter Grievous to me. Mrs. N.—Without discussing the wit of calling ? professional nun like Dr. Petre Grayois by a vulgar nK3rmnng^ X hope a T"fdl?< * may remind yon of what be eaid. Mr. ML—He said that Bromptoa was a tekx ing air. Mrs. N-—He eaid that the air of Sooth Kensington Mr. N.—Well corrected, Wxo, aad thank you. We an in Brompton, but as I call the place Sooth Ken sington to oblige you, suppose you live in it to oblige me. Mrs. IS. (eolemnly).—l hope that I know a wife's duty. It ie to accept tiukrtviun her butadinay force npon her, and to live, as loaf as efae is spared, where his caprice dictates. Mr. If.—Caprice! Now that is—confound it, Maria, yoa have no right to say (hat. Wat it X who insisted on moving here from Bedfinrd-sqasfeP Mrs. X.—Yes. Mr. N.—Well, I am—never mind. Mrs. ST.—Henry, it is weU that you abstained from adjuration. I/et your own conecienee tell yon. whether it was not yon. who insisted on moving here, and whether I did not beseech tor ? hoase tower down. Mr. X.—Yes, at two handled and ten. guineas * year. To do yon justice you did, but one of o> was not insane. Mrs. X.—l am left utterly in the dark as to my hatband 1* means, and it is auuily in him to reproach me with having believed in his own account* of bis prosperity. Mr. K. (sternly)— None of that nonsense, Maria, if you please. I put np with a good deal, bat not with downright Cabenood aad injustice. We should have been simply mad to take that house. I took this to please you. Sow, where do you want to go next ? Mrs. B. (pockethandkerchiof practice)— l have no wish, Henry. It matters little to me where I spend the remainder of my ?atintoncn, and, as I have aeaaV it is my doty to remain with you. Let it be so, and do not give the notice. But I turns also a duty aa a mother, and I cannot see my children faffing away under ?? (tremendous shout from **"? ?*M?n in **"* next room, and clatter). Mr. N.—Falling away nadar the fable go on. X hope Blinkitty hasn't bumped her head, thoogb. (Aaother shout). No, ?I 1 right. Go on with your description of their muery, nay dear. Mrs. If.—lt is in vain pleading to hardened levity. I will merely asy that if we remain here, I ?hall arrange to send the boys to Ueomuuter, to their uncle, Emmeline to my cousin, at Mold, and I dare say that Mamma will ceceive Cecilia. Yon need not look co alarmed—whatever pecuniary coinnwnsation may be necessary X will retrench from my own comforts. Mr.?.—Blinkitty ebVnt go to Mold, iht> boys shall remain at home till they are old enough for Harrow, sod as for ByUabubs, you ought to be ashamed of yousett* for thinking of taming her oat of the house. Ma. S. —lt is you who turn the poor efcOd oaf) and cast her on the mercies of— Mr. N-—Of your Mamma, eb? Ton did not mean that, old girl, but you've just said it. Ko, we'll not have Syllabubs brought np oa'ghosts and Galvanism. Mrs. X.—Mamma's persuasions— Mr. ST.—Persuasions; no, by Jove. That's not the word. I don't think she wasted much time in per- Boading her children, especially if their ear* were within reach. Syllabubs don't go there, and that's Medo-Penic, Maria. Mrs. 73. —We will discontinue the conversation, if you please, until I have had time to consult with my brother Cornelius. Mr. N.—While you are about it, consult him about a cheque he borrowed of me on Tuesday, and was to have retaroed tbe day before yesterday. Consult your great-grandmother! Well, if you aad Peter Grievous eaywe must go, exeunt die Msggletons. Sow, then, where ere we to go to ? Mrs. N.—Where you please; but in the first place, remember that our moving at ell is aQ your own doing, not mine, and that I have offered to make every arrangement that would enable you to remain here. Mr. S.—l like that. And take away my children from me—what the lawyers call the rule in Shelley's case. Mrs. N.—Beally if you will attempt erhat you think wit, it should be new. You tried that speech before Mr. Wyndham Wareb&m;, and he pmwtM oat that you had made a ridiculous blunder. Mr. If.—You have a pleasant memory, dear; I ask yon where you want to lire. Mrs. N.—l answer that it b for yon to decide. Mr. X-—I know what that means. Well, I saw a bfll up in one ef the smaller houses in?osseU-eqoare. FU look in as I go into the city. Mrs. N. (tearfully).—The truth is breaking in npon me, Henry. X will bear it as weU as X can, but a woman's nature requires come auowanee. Mr. X.—Certainly, and yours is £20 a waek, not a bad allowance for any woman's nature. Mrs. If.—Yes, yes, and your inewwant harping on that income confirms all my forebodings. Yon are going down in the world! Confess it to yonr wife, Henry. We women bear these things more bravely than you think, only tell me aIL Mr. N. (in an intense rage).—By Jove, if X were to tell you alt that is on my tongue, you would haw something. What do you mean ? Mrs. If.—There! I am calm, you shafl see no more tears. (Pockete her handkerchief.) Now then. We must give op this house, you say, and retire into obscurity. And, although you have not said co, you wish to save (he expenses of a place of business. I see your manning, dear. Yes, Henry, perhaps that wul be well; and as Russell-square is in the heart of tbe city, your etockbrokere and. silk merchants and all that sort of people could come there after you. I would give up the lower part of the house, but perhaps you would not mind letting them ring the area belL Never be afraid to trust & wife, Henry. Yon shall see how I will help yon in retrenchment. I will give my canary birds to Hester Deedle tins very afternoon, and the children shall be gradually brought to agree to part with Floppy. Give the notice, dear, and look at (he house. Mr. IT. (who has been turning several colors, but none of them pleasing to the eye)—' Mrs. Kaggkton, there is one house which would suit you uncom monly well, and you may behold it, Mm, on the left eide of the Brighton railway, near Beigate. It is called, MtKliuM, the Asylum for Idiots. [He rushes out of the room, and bolts himself into what he calls his " study." Mrs. If aggteton, with a triumphant smile, takes out "Mogg" from the sideboard drawer, and, placing the map before her, measures tbe distances between various places and one point to which she always recurs—a terrace near Hyde Park Gardens. We wonder whether we shall meet her there.] =___ 