TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court com- <*> meice this morning, at 10 o'clock, before His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynne. The prisoners for trial to-day are—Frances Bolton, Eliza Hall Henry Roberts, OtU Dasseu, and Elizabeth Forbes. Tie 107 th monthly meeting of the Adelaide Phibsophical Society will be held at the Institute thisevening, when a paper will be read by M>. C. A. Wilton, on the Entomology of certain portions of the globs. Ws have to direct attention to the ?nmml mix-ting of th; Aborigines Friends Association, which will foe held it Freeman-street Chapel this evening. The Chief Justice will take the chair at seven o'clock.- OnSunday last the several Episcopalian churches in thecity offered up a prayer specially pleading for the hralth of the people—a circumstance that has not occurred for several years. The City Council sat on Monday, November 23, at the Council Chamber, as a Court of Revision of the Citizens' Lists. The following claims for a place on tie roll were granted.-—Robe Ward, 1; Grey Ward, 4; Hindmarsh Ward, 5 ; and Gawler Ward, 5. We beg to call attention to a letter by Mr. E, W. Wright, on the subject of city scavenging, as read at the meeting of tbe Corporation yesterday. We have written a leader on the subject, as dealt with by Mr. Wright, but are compelled to hold it over until to morrow. The members ofthe City Council, the Town Clerk, the City Surveyor, Mr. Brown (of English & Brown), and two representatives of the press, dined with His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, ou Monday, November 23, at the Clarence Hotel, King William street. After disposing of tbe very excellent meal laid on the table by Host Cornock, a few toasts appropriate to the occasion were given and responded to. The healths of the retiring Councillors, Messrs. Rankin, Faulding, and Clark, were proposed, and acknowledged by Messrs. Clark and Rankin, the latter of whom gave in turn the " Health of the Mayor of Adelaide" in most eulogistic terms, referring in complimentary language to the excellent manner in which the funds of the Corporation had been expended during his administration, and alluding in appreciative remarks to the kindness and courtesy which he had ever exhibited. His Worship returned thanks suitably and welL He had striven to do his duty, and if he had succeeded in raising the Council a step in the eyes of the people's respect he should be satisfied. Although leaving the Council, he should still do his utmost to advance tbe interests of thecity. The services of Mr. Rankin during a period of four years were highly spoken of, and the industry, perseverance, and satisfactory way in which the Town Clerk, Mr. Hughes, and City Surveyor, Mr. Schroder, had done their duty, led the company to drink a bumper to their healths. Mr. Brown's health was ' also drunk, as likewise that of Mr. S. Goode, with a . hope that he would be elected Mayor. The toasts of the Press and the Ladies closed the speechifying, which was not stiff or formal, but free and pleasant. During the course of the evening His Worship threw out an excellent suggestion, viz., that they should erect a peal of bells in the tower of the Town Hall to \- the memory of the late lamented Prince Consort. It might be called the *? Albert Tower," and a marble slab fixed in the front might bear an inscription as to ? why they dedicated it to him. If a Committee were formed, and a little energy exercised, he be lieved the necessary funds would be quickly sub scribed by the colonists. The idea was generally . approved of, and some promises of support were ? given and mentioned. After spending a really en i joyable evening the company separated about , 9 o'clock. At the meeting of the City Council on Monday a nuisance existing near the Morphett-street Bridge was loudly complained of. It was stated that dead ' animals were allowed to lie there in a putrid state, ; and that other very noxious substances were deposited . there to the annoyance and injury of the residents , living near. The Council felt the matter was urgent, and immediately dispatched a stationman to get the 1 nuisance removed. There were some other matters , dealt with at the same meeting, for particulars of . which we direct our readers to the report, i On Monday, November 23, a meeting of ahare . holders in the West Kanmantoo Mining Venture was held at the Norfolk Arms, Bundle- street. Mr. E. Cooke was voted to the chair, and stated that it 1 was a meeting of the shareholders in the Venture, not in the West Kanmantoo Mining Company, for , tbe purpose of winding up the affairs of the Venture, and declaring a dividend. Mr. Dovell asked for the ' names of those persons who were shareholders in the ' Venture. He thought that there should be a dis tinction between the Venture and the Company. He [ had paid £35 for an original share in June last, but had not yet received his scrip. The Secretary (Mr. Austin) said the scrip would be ready in a few days. He explained that the affair started 4 the first in , stance as a Venture, and subsequently into a Mining Company, the list of shareholders being increased. He read the assets and liabilities of the Venture up ' to the 17th August last—Assets, £816 Is. Ud.; lia bilities, £686 Is. lid., leaving a balance of £160 to be > divided amongst 32 shareholders. In reply to a \- question, Mr. Austin stated that the new Company had a balance in hand of £1,032. Captain James ' had reported that he would raise 100 tons of ore ' before Christmas. The balance-sheet of tbe Venture was adopted. Mr. Hume proposed, and Mr. Pace seconded, that a dividend of £5 per share be made. i Carried. Mr. Dovell proposed that the balance sheet be printed. This proposition was not seconded. . A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the business. Those of our readers who have attended the anni versary services held during the past few months at tbe Presbyterian churches in Adelaide will remember that the subject of a projected union between the three great branches of the Church of Scotland—the Established, the United Presbyterian, and the Free ' Church—has been referred to and its advisability strongly urged. It has been also shown that at home this Union movement is in growing favor, and that in this colony, where the great cause of separation— State aid —does not exist, the argument for union applies with still greater force. At the General Assembly of the Scottish Church lately held in Mel bourne the question was mooted, and we extract the following from the proceedings of the Assembly, as it will be interesting to the members of the Church here, and may promote tbe desired object in South Australia:—"The Bey. G. Mackie read tbe following telegram, which he had received on the previous day from Sydney:—'The union s agreed to unani mously by all parries conferring.' The meaning of this telegram was that all the various synods had agreed to the union, but not that all the parties of the Presbyterian body had agreed to it. Dr. Lang's party, however, was the only exception. The Bey. D. Macdonald remarked that it must not be supposed that the union was already consummated, but simply that the synods had agreed to consummate it. The Rev. Dr. Cairns moved that a committee of the Assembly be appointed to promote union with the branches of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria which were still outside the union. He knew that several of the brethren of one of those branches desired to join the union, and the mere appointment of a com mittee might tend to bring about that result. At all events, it was a step in the right direction. The motion was unanimously agreed to; and a committee, consisting of abont a dozen ministers and elders, was appointed, three to form a quorum, and the Bey. A. D. £ininmont to be the convener." We would direct attention to the Mayor's report of what the Corporation has done during bis term of office, as evincing the progress of the colony, and con taining many interesting particulars relative thereto. We hear that Mr. John Bond Phipson, well known to the Adelaide public, has died suddenly. It is reported that Mr. Hall, late Inspector of Police, but whom it will be remembered has been in the Lunatic Asylum for some time, is also deceased. Mr. Jackson, perfumer, of Rundle-street, has in his possession, for the purpose of stuffing, a bat of the Kalong species, which was caught at Willunga. The body is about 11 inches long, and the wings from tip to tip measure about four feet. The monthly meeting of the West Adelaide Young Men's Temperance Association was held in the United Presbyterian Chapel, Grouger-etreet, on Monday evening, November 23. The chair was taken by Thos. Reynolds, Esq. Abont 100 persons were present. Addresses were delivered by the Bey. Mr. Cheetham, Mr.Humby,and theOiairman, on the cause of temperance. The choir rendered several pieces of sacred music. The proceedings closed with the doxology. On Monday morning, as a mob of cattle were being driven to the Slaughterhouse on the Torrens, over the North-road railway crossing, near the Bowden Station, the Port train came in contact with them, killing one and injuring two or three others. One of the most useful public documents that we have seen for some time past has been circulated amongst the ratepayers of Noarluuga District Council, in compliance with a resolution passed at an arm rial meeting held in July last. It is an abstract of receipts and expenditure—first for the whole dis trict, and afterwards for each division of the district. The first two tables —receipts and expenditure for the whole district—are arranged in parallel columns, giving details for seven years, specifying/or each year the amount of rates collected, the Government grant in aid, the Education grant, jetty dues, fees under Bog Act, fines, licenses, &e;~, &c.; The ratepayers are thus enabled to see at a glance what revenue has been derived during each and all of the seven years, from each and all of the various sources of income, and the particulars of expenditure are tabulated in the same way. Other tables deal with the four separate divi sions into which the district is divided, so that for these last mentioned tables the amounts collected and the amounts expended in each ward may be equally readily seen. The document is certified correct by Mr. Martin Burgess, the Clerk. By our latest English files we perceive that the great universities are quite in a ferment with regard to an extraordinary case of plagiarism, somewhat discreditable to Cambridge. At that University the Camden Medal—a distinction highly valued—is annually given for the best Latin poem, and this year it was awarded to a Trinity student, Mr. F. W. Myers, for his poem on the pacification of India. Since its publication the discovery has been made that a very large proportion of the poem is pillaged from prize Oxford poems, numerous passages, varying from two to seven or eight lines each, being coolly appropriated verbatim et Hheratim, except that Mr. Myers has sometimes used the letter ? where the Oxford men used v. Mr. Myers certainly appears to have been as indefatigable as unprincipled in his plagiarisms, the poems that he has robbed to enrich bis own having been published at various intervals spreading over the last half century. The Examiners at Cambridge had no suspicion of the patchwork composition which they dignified with their praise and the Camden Medal; but Oxford has been put on the gui vine, and both Universities are very curious to know what steps will be taken by the authorities in connection with the most daring and unblushing piece of literary larceny ever perpetrated under -rimflar circumstances. There are few objects in Adelaide at present more worthy of the sympathy and assistance of the public than the fund for the support of tbe wives and children of those soldiers of the 40th Begiment who have just left for the scene of war in New Zealand; nor could amateurs have selected a purpose which would be more worthy of pablic support than an endeavor to assist in augmenting the funds of such a charity. It was therefore very gratifying to see the Theatre so crowded as it was on Monday evening, when au amateur performance took place for the express object of aiding the relief fund to which we have referred. The piece selected for performance— and we must first compliment the amateurs for their selection—was the sterling English comedy "She Stoops to Conquer." Prior to the rising of the tmrtain the following prologue was recited by Mr. ChaS. "Mann ;— ** I come to speak the prologue to our play. But feel uncommon bubfal, I must say. Behind the scenes there seemed not mneh to fear. But everything looks changed when standing here. What most be, most be, so with doe submission, I—ah—that is, I mean, with your permission, I take the liberty—that is, I make so bold. Some little of our purpose to unfold. To- night we scorn the dagger and the bowl. Throw by tbe buskin, try the comic rile. And we, albeit unused to tread the stage. Come boldly forth, for spot- ting's now tbe rage. Bnt think not that we come to-night With idle thought, or for onr own delight. Onr soldiers went to join a valiant band. And die or conquer in another land - Yet blame them not that as tbey left onr view, , Their eyes were wet with many a fond adieu. To every foe resistless in their steel ' Still they are men, and Nature's claims they feel. < Vainly you give the laurel—valour's meed— . If yon unpityinjr let their children need; We ask your aid to dry the mother's tear, I The children's want relieve, and both to cheer; 4 This done, we hope your kind applause to gain. And fondly trust we shall not nope in vain. 1 Burlesques and Melodramas charm this age, j And nature'swell nigh banished from the stage. < Alas, for public taste, when we can say. Tls all for * Colleen Bawn' or ? Peep O'Day* 1 Ever demands some startlin*' new sensation, i Till ghosts or murders cap each situation. The stage should elevate as well as please— I Both objects can't be gained by plays like these; , Not c'en His Gone-enheim could save such cases. < But see her 'Woffington* in * Masks and Faces.' ' That now's a part that must all fancies catch, I As also' Hester Grazebrook' in 'TV Unequal Match.' In Goldsmith's pUy. of murders we've not one; If you insist on thrilling scenes, we're done. 1 But should your wishes that way tend. I pray 1 Tooll' stoop to conquer' them without delay. We'll strive, tho' not the fashion ofthe day, < To please you with a genuine English play. : There's fan in plenty, and we fain would hope That vou'n have no great cause to pine or mope ' But should our actors fail, yet still their cause 1 Will win, I'm sure, your generous, free applause. i Pray don't be niggards in awarding praise— That's music must the lowest spirits raise. < Should any one go wrorig.ren^ he's bnt a yo-utker I And show yon really like ? She Stoops to Conquer. The play then commenced, and from the rising of the , curtain to its fall was a continued and complete ! success. It was really surprising to see gentlemen so I perfectly amateurs go through their parts, not only ? with ease and spirit, but in a manner which \ would eclipse the acting of many of the professionals we have had on the Adelaide stage. We confess to l being most agreeably surprised, for we had not an * idea that the comedy would be so well performed. 8 Whatever little bitches there might have been in the ' acting here and there were quite forgotten, and were s really not worthy of notice in the general excellence t ofthe whole. Miss Oougenheim as Kate Hardcastle, t Mrs. Bay as Mrs. Hardcastle, and Miss E. Wiseman, \ as Constance, ably sustained the female characters of < the piece, and the spirit and humour they threw into ; their parte shewed their pecular talents- to greater advantage than usuaL At the fall of the curtain there was a general burst of enthusiasm, and the characters appeared en masse, bnt the audience were ' tar from being satisfied with this, and loudly insisted ' upon the individual appearances of Tony Lumpkin, * Young Marlow, and Hardcastle. Between the pieces 1 the orchestra, which was composed of Schrader'e ? Band, and that of the First Adelaide Rifles, I played a favourite set of quadrilles, and we may 1 mention that during the evening a great variety f of very pretty music was performed. The afterpiece was < the farce entitled " A Shilling day at the Great Exhi- < tion," which was in its way as successful as the comedy, . and kept the house in a continual burst of laughter. The scene is supposed to be the South Australian department in the Exhibition, and tremendous merri ment was caused by the introduction of a certain well known Commissioner for one of the colonies, who duly exhibited to the Prince of Prussia and his atten dants the peculiar products of the province he ably 1 represented. Altogether the evening passed off most ' agreeably, and we must compliment and congratulate ' the amateurs on their unmistakeable success. Of one ' thing we are sure, that though the evening's per- 1 formances are over, the women and children for whose : benefit they were intended wfll long remember with ( heartfelt gratitude the efforts so kindly and so gene- , rally made in their behalf. We see from a notice in our advertising columns that on Monday next there wfll be an anatomical museum held at White's Booms. The same adver tisement announces that tbe proprietor has 200 wax models illustrative of every part of the human frame, and that Mr. Kreitmayer wfll deliver lectures upon the subject. Only adults will he admitted. Considering the counter-attraction of the Theatre, Burton's Circus on Monday was very well attended by an audience that seemed to fully appreciate the efforts of the various performers. It is quite evident that Mr. Burton has lost none of his prestige, but on the contrary, each visit he pays us seems only to increase the number of his admirers, and, as a pains taking caterer for public amusement, well be deserves it. ' The various acts of horsemanship by Gaynor and Gilham were unexceptionably good, and the Brothers Wieland last night excelled all previous efforts. Jerry was in full blossom, and Mr. Holmes lent his aid in sustaining the funny portion of the amusements. Altogether the entertainment of Mon day night was of a very high order. The perform ances of the two beautiful and highly-trained ponies were alone worth the cost of admission. This being Mr. Burton's last week in Adelaide for the present we would strongly recommend the lovers of clever eques trian feats to pay the Circus a visit. ? — Death op a Youthful Prodigy.—A short time ago there died in Montrose a lad named Alexander Miller, whose feats as a calculator astonished all who were acquainted with him, and many sought to know tbe boy in order to put his powers to the test. The gift was a natural one, for Alexander in his earliest years showed a remarkable facility in mentally solving arithmetical problems. For the gift of a marble or a defaced postage stamp he would calculate the number of hours, minutes, and seconds one had lived almost as quick as thought. Some gentlemen who tried him with a question of this kind while they worked it on a elate thought they had caught the lad tripping. His answer was given some minutes before they could compute tbe amount, and when the results were compared there was a considerable discrepancy. On verification, however, it was found that Alexander had allowed for the leap years, which the others had forgotten. Nor was our hero less an adept at working on the slate when at school, for he carried off all the prizes in arithmetic at every examination he attended. He bad also from his earliest boyhood a knack of putting into verse any incident or subject mentioned to him. The rhymes were rough and rude, no doubt, but still the gift was remarkable in one so young. The poor boy had been in delicate health for some months past, having two or three fits daily, bnt he still re tained his usual gift of calculation up till the day of his death. He was gentle and affectionate in his manners, and a great favorite with all who knew him. Though generally refusing to display his gift without some little quid pro quo, Millar could not be called greedy, as he was ever ready to share his acquisitions with his companions. Thus one has died at tbe early age of 16, who, had be lived, might have been an honor to Montrose.— Dundee Advertiser, 