Local and General News. The meeting of the Ipswich Church Society, which was postponed from last Tuesday will, we observe from an advertisement, be held in the School-room, on Monday evening at eight o'clock. The weather still retains a very unsettled appearance. Thursday was a fine cool day, but during the night there were some heavy showers, with thunder and lightning in the distance. Yesterday the weather was close and sultry, and occasionally the appearance of sky threatened rain. We understand that the Committee of the School of Arts intend at once to avail themselves of the provisions of the bill passed by the Parliament last session. A sub-committee of gentlemen practically acquainted with architecture and building has been appointed, whose business it will be to prepare specifications &c.;, after which a premium will be advertised for a suitable design. We believe it is intended that the ground floor should at first be let as offices for public institutions, and on the first floor there will be a reading-room, library, com- mittee room, and class-rooms. If means will permit a gallery will at the same time be erected in the hall . A meeting was held in the Baptist Chapel yesterday evening, the object of which was to re-construct the Temperance Society, which has until lately assisted in Ipswich. The business of the meeting was of a formal character, being principally confined to the election of office bearers. The Rev R . Morton was appointed president; Mr. McFarlane, vice-president Mr. W. M. Smith, secretary; and Mr. Reeve, treasurer, to whom with a committee of twelve, was confided the direction and management of the affairs of the society. After this business was transacted, the Rev. Mr. Waraker, of Toowoomba, now on a visit to Ipswich, delivered a brief address containing a few words of advice to those desirous of promoting the cause of temperance. Other gentlemen addressed the meeting, offering suggestions for the more efficient management of the society, and exhorting those present to use their best endeavours to further the undertaking. The proceedings closed with the benediction, which was pronounced by the chair- man, Mr. Morton. Fifty-four of the members of the Ipswich Volunteer Rifles assembled at the drill-room, yesterday evening, to take part in the election to fill the vacancy of 1st Lieutenant. The result was that Lieutenant Given was unanimously elected to that position, and Corporal Imrie was appointed 2nd Lieutenant by the votes of two-thirds of those present. The vacancy for a corporal was then filled up by the election of Mr. B. Davidson to that post. The volunteers afterwards adjourned to Mr. O'Rourke's, who has lately become an honorary member of the corps upon the payment of the usual subscription, and the commissions were " wetted" in accordance with the Articles of War. We beg to congratulate our gallant defenders upon the excellent choice they have made of officers. On the previous evening the drums and flutes of tho band were issued by Captain Murphy to six members of the corps, all of whom, with the exception of one of the drummers, are already experiences players on the instruments which they received. All that is now required is a little practice, in order that they may play well together. Mr. J. Johnston, of Little Ipswich, has here come forward in aid of the corps, in a most public spirited manner, and has offered the use of his Bowling Alley in Nicholas- street, free of charge, for band practice and other purposes. The Volunteers may be called in a flourishing condition now, and some moonlight night, in the course of another month or so, we engage to show Captain Pitt eighty strapping young fellows marching down Brisbane-street, in uniform, with their drum and flute band playing before them . The ship Rockhampton for Keppel-Bay, which was at anchor under Moreton Island, on Thursday, is reported to have had twenty deaths amongst her emigrants on the passage from Liverpool, most of which were caused by diptheria. It is said by the blacks that the wreck of a vessel of considerable size is lying in Laguna Bay, a little to the northward of Moreton Bay. The first general meeting of the members of the Ips- wich United Cricket Club was held on Thursday even- ing, at Hanran's Hotel. A set of rules, drawn up by a committee, for the direction of the affairs of the club were after one or two amendments adopted. It was also determined that the laws of cricket, as laid down by the Marylebone Cricket club, should be those by which the Ipswich Club is to be guided. The meeting then proceeded to the election of office bearers and com- mittee. Three candidates were proposed for the office of president, and Mr. W.J. Taylor was elected. Mr. Hawthorne was chosen vice-president; Mr. Dixon, sec- retary and Mr. J. P. Quinn, treasurer. The following committee was appointe:— Messrs. Clarke, Hanran, C. Quinn, Watterson, and Cleary. Messrs. Hanran, Dixon, Toser, and Quinn were elected captains to superintend and regulate the practice of the members. Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays were appointed general prac- tice days. The uniform, it was decided should be white trimmed with blue, with different colours for a captain and wicket-keeper. A vote of thanks was given to the chairman (Mr. Clarke), the meeting separated . Notwith- standing the late weather and the sloppy state of the ground, there has been a good attendance at practice during the week. We believe that it is not intended to make any improvements on the ground, as the pro- posed railway works will cut off the best portion of it; but steps will be taken to secure another piece in some other part of the town . The 'Guardian' states that Mr. Hill , of the Botanical Gardens, who first found out that the weed commonly known as the sida retusa yielded a valuable and superior kind of flax, has since learned, by advice from England, that the refuse of the stalk, after the flax has been taken from it, would be most valuable for the manufacture of paper. The same journal has been informed "that the very laudable scheme for the formation of a Brisbane Gas Company by private enterprise, which was initiated some months ago, has not been abandoned, but is in a fair way to attain practical realization. The projectors of this branch of commercial enterprise have not been inactive, and we believe that whilst many of our leading citizens have promised their support as shareholders in the proposed company , there are irrespective of local aid, capitalists in the colonies disposed to further the enter- prise, as one which even in a mere business point of view, will form a profitable speculation. The draft prospectus of the company proposes the allotment of thousand shares of £10 each. It is suggested that the original deposit shall not exceed £1 per share, and that subsequent calls shall not exceed £2 for the time being. The company to be formed on the limited liability prin- ciple. We may state that so great is the faith in this speculation, that an engineer of great experience in the erection of gas works, both in Australia and elsewhere, has been communicated with, and so satisfied is he of the success of the undertaking " if the basis for calcula- on furnished to him to be correct," that he offers to lease the works for a period of seven years, and to guarantee to the shareholders 9½ per cent. on the paid-up capital." The 'Courier' of yesterday says, "Considerable anxiety had been expressed by many persons respecting the safety of the vice-regal excursion party which went to the bay some days ago in the steamer Premier, but yesterday all fears were allayed by the arrival of the steamer above mentioned. The party were expected to return on Tuesday last, but they were much detained by the unfavourable state of the weather since their departure. The steamer with his Excellency, Lady Bowen, the Colonial Secretary, Colonial Treasurer, and the Port Master left Brisbane on Thursday, the 1st instant, and on the following day the party visited the lighthouse and Pilot Station on Moreton Island. Thence they proceeded to and inspected the southern entrance to Moreton Bay, and that night they remained on board the Premier, which was anchored off Amity Point during Friday night. On Saturday they went ashore at the quarantine station at Dunwich, on Stradbroke Island. Here they inspected the various buildings, some of which are now completed and others nearly so. There is a two-roomed brick cottage, intended for the use of the superintendent of the station, quite finished, and in this his Excellency took up his quarters. The other buildings consist of a brick hospital, 60 feet by 20 feet, which is divided into two wards, one being for single females, and the other, for married couples. To this are attached a matron's room and surgery. The store is built of wood, and is 30 feet wide by 40 feet long. There are also three detached kitchens, fitted up with cooking apparatuses complete. From Dunwich the party went to Broadwater, and afterwards to the Manchester Cotton Company's plantation at Nerang Creek. They intended to visit the plantation of the Victoria Cotton Company on the Hotham River, but the weather was so unfavourable, that it was considered inadvisable to further prolong their excursion." The Gladstone correspondent of the 'Bulletin' writes as follows: — "I am sorry to record the untimely death of Mr. John Little, of Rose Dale, in this district. The unfortunate gentleman had only returned from Sydney three days previously. He was engaged, at the time of the accident, in burning off some timber in the vicinity of his dwelling. It appears he was stooping to kindle a fire around one tree, when suddenly another tree fell upon him, and crushed him so severely that he died in twenty-four hours afterwards. This is the second death of the kind in the same neighbourhood. Mr. Charton was the first victim. Poor Mr. Tolson was drowned while attempting to cross Baffle Creek. Two poor fellows were starved through being lost in the bush; and only a short time since, a man named Harrison died at Rose Dale, from the bite of a brown snake while in Mr. Little's employ. I am not aware of the death of any adult, among the whites, from natural causes, since this part of the district was taken up by the squatters. This appears to be somewhat remarkable. The diggings here are jogging along as usual. There is a considerable quantity of gold found, but the diggers are still the holders of the most part of it. I have it on reliable authority that the diggers generally do very well — grumbling and complaints not- withstanding. I have no doubt that before long we shall be able to report a more favourable account of the Calliope diggings than is now generally antici- pated." The 'Northern Argus', of Saturday last, gives the follow- ing graphic description of the inspection of the Rock- hampton Volunteers by the Brigade- Major :— Pursuant to an order from Captain Pitt, R.A., Brigade-Major of Volunteer Forces in Queensland, about eighteen mem- bers of our local corps assembled at the Court-house on Thursday, at 4.30. p.m. Previous to the company falling in Captain Pitt carefully scrutinised the rifles remaining in the rack, and pronounced them, with the exception of about six, "in as good a state as he could wish to see them." The company then fell into line, and were told off in subdivisions by the drill-instructor, Lieutenant Rutherford being apparently too shy to perform that duty; and were also proved by wheeling to the right and left and by the formation of fours. At this time many gallant members manifested a lamentable uncertainty regarding their right and left hands, which must have been a trying to Captain Pitt as it was amusing t to the crowd of unsympathising spectators, who would grin their widest when Brown or Smith gravely faced in the opposite directions to those ordered. The manual and platoon exercises were then gone through in quick time, the "present arms" being declared by the brigade-major to be "very good, indeed." It was rather curious, however, to notice the difference between fixing and unfixing swords, all the gentlemen fixing with pleasing alacrity; unfixing was "a regular fix" — altogether another matter — one diminutive hero in particular always requiring the assistance of a comrade. In "charge swords" some of the rear rank (a kind of privilege they always indulge in) came bravely down with their swords on the shoulders and also on that part which is " more honoured in the breach than the obser- vance," of their "brothers in arms," who formed the front rank, but who hardly seemed to relish the idea of being spitted by friends from behind while resolutely preparing to attack an imaginary foe, who were of course supposed to be advancing to the fray. While going through the platoon exercise several volleys were fired, front rank kneeling and standing, said volleys being deliberately aimed at the open months of the individuals industriously occupied in propping up the East-street fence. The alarmed reader will be relieved on hearing that the rifles were loaded with imaginary cartridges, and the only effect on the " mugs" of the crowd was the ghost of a wink here and there. After firing the com- pany was marched in quick and slow time round the Court-house, and formed to the right, left, and about. While marching the "line" at first described various mathematical figures, vulgarly denominated "dogs' hindlegs," "rams' horns," &c.;, but after a little practice there was a decided improvement. When the inspection was finished Captain Pitt expressed himself as much disappointed at the small attendance, and stated his intention of visiting them in a month or six weeks; should he then fed no improvement, he would certainly feel it his duty to recommend his Excellency to dispense with their services. The corps was then dismissed, and we left them discussing the propriety of electing a captain and various other matters connected with their interests. The Rockhampton assizes commenced on Monday last, and the 'Bulletin' gives the following as the result: Rebecca Alcock and Sarah Russel, indicted for larceny, were acquitted ; Patrick Nolan, for assault, found guilty, but strongly recommended to mercy, sentenced to one month's imprisonment; Maria O'Halloran, for larceny, found guilty, sentenced to four month's imprisonment Cornelius McAuliffe, for larceny, was acquitted. The prisoner in the last ease was an immigrant by the Beejapore, and it is worthy of note that the only witness in his favour was a fellow passenger, Edward Jones, builder, who testified that although robberies were almost daily committed on board the vessel during the passage out, the prisoner conduct throughout was unexceptionable. This evidence was afterwards com- mented on by his Honor in prisoner's favour, on the ground that a man could hardly fail to exhibit the bad points in his character during four months' confinement on ship-board. The civil cases, we are informed, are four in number, namely:— Robinson v. James, Trivoe v. Wormald, Feez v. Hutchinson, Hunter, and Co, and Van Wessen v. Rutherford. An inquest was held at Rockhampton, on the 30th September, on the body of Mary Anne Moore, barmaid at the Royal Fitzroy Hotel, who died suddenly when under treatment for constipation of the bowels. From the post mortem examination it appeared that disease of the heart was the cause of death. The Rockhampton coroner appears to have been grossly ignorant of his duties, for he permitted most unseemly squabbling to take place amongst two of the jury, a medical witness, and the landlord of the house, when the inquest took place. The gradual but certain manner in which Australian rivers become shallower every year has been a subject of remark. Referring to the Murray, the Surveyor- General of South Australia reports that the navigation " is not only seriously impeded, but at the most impor- tant season of the year, when the wool ought to be on the way down, is rendered impracticable by the exist- ence of banks across its entire bed." The first of these banks (which are " slowly but surely increasing") occurs about ten miles above Blanchetown; the second about three miles below the Great Bend; the third about five above the Bend; the fourth about six miles above Overland Corner. The Surveyor-General understands that beyond this point there are still other banks. But the whole of these obstructions are supposed to be easily removable if means were but taken to remove them. A small, but powerful, steamboat called the Grappler has lately been employed in removing the "snags" or sunken timber from the bed of the Darling, and it is suggested that she should be converted into a dredging machine for clearing away the banks in the Murray. Such a work, it is said, would render the stream navi- gable at all times of the year for several hundred miles beyond the boundary bf South Australia. The cost of altering the steamer would be comparatively trifling. Should some such course not be adopted, it is confi- dently expected that the river will at certain seasons become converted into a series of long reaches of water separated from one another by sandy banks. The idea is a good one, and would be well worth a trial on the rivers of Queensland. The South Australian Government have introduced a bill into Parliament dealing with the territory in Northern Australia, which has lately been annexed to their colony. It differs from the adjoining country belonging to New South Wales, inasmuch as it cannot easily be reached by land, and the first settlement will have to be made by sea. In the bill it is proposed to give advantages to the first pur- chasers of land orders. Two areas of country will be surveyed, in the first instance, containing about 250,000 acres each. The first orders will be issued at about 7s. 6d. per acre; and the next at 12s. Half will be reserved for England, and half for the Australian colonies. Be- yond these areas, probably the land system now existing in South Australia will be adopted. Each land order will include, besides a country section, half-an-acre in the metropolis. Respecting the pastoral leases, regard will be had to bona fide settlers, to whom such licenses will be issued in the first instance on the most favourable terms. As the South Australians are the first in the field, we presume that our Government will have to offer, at least equally great inducements for the settlement of Northern Queensland. Mr. Waterhouse, the naturalist who accompanied Mr. Stuart in his last journey across the continent, remarks as follows with regard to the territory proposed to be settled from South Australia: — " With respect to the climate of Arnheim's Land, I can only say that we were there in the middle of winter, and, judging from the great heat even at that season, L am inclined to think it would hardly he suitable for Euro- peans in summer. It indeed seems near the coast like what the sultry, swampy lands of Java are described to be — in the winter bad enough, in the summer abounding with pestiferous swamps. The vegetation is also of the same tropical character — some acacias, many of the evergreen figs, several terminalias, fine and beautiful trees (Livistona), and other palms, bamboos, mixed with several of a more Australian character, as gum-trees, native pines, melaleucas, &c;" We (Adelaide Observer) have seen a letter from Mr. Torrens which came by the last mail, and which shows that he is indefatigably serving the interests of Australia during his visit to England. He has been in commu- nication with the Duke of Newcastle and the Downing- street authorities, with a view to get a bill passed through the Imperial Parliament, which would have the effect of constraining colonial Judges to accept and administer every imprint of an Act of the local Legislature pre sented by the Government Printer and duly certified by the Clerks of Parliament, leaving all questions of repug- nancy and ultra vires, and the observance of due formali- ties in its passage through Parliament, and the propriety or otherwise of the Governor's decision in giving the Royal Assent, to be raised on appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Mr. Torrens's im- pression is that the policy of the present Minister for the colonies is not only to permit but to urge the colo- nies to manage their own affairs without troubling the home authorities. The Government will not interfere to do by imperial legislation what they hold the colonies can do by their own legislation. They wish to teach the colonies to walk alone, and will rather promote in- dependent legislation than check it by narrow and rigid stickling for imperial prerogatives in non-essential mat- ters. Mr. Torrens had been promised an interview with the Duke of Newcastle, when he hoped to have an (ap-) portunity of bringing these matters under his notice. Mr. Torrens has also been earnestly protesting against the continuance of transportation in Western Australia, and has brought the subject before the Law Reform Society in a speech which we observe the 'Spectator' praises highly. We extract from the 'Riverine Herald ' the following remarks on the subject of the proposed canalisation of the Darling River--a matter of some interest to the residents of the south-western portion of Queensland . "There has been a sad neglect of the natural means by which the increase of population in Riverina might have been rendered far more rapid than it has been. We will confine ourselves for the present to the one instance of the unimproved condition of the Darling River. Ex- tending from the north-east to within a short distance of the south-west corner of the boundaries of the proposed colony, it forms the great highway through its midst. But there are seasons when its unnavigable, and at such times the settlers on its bank are put to very serious inconvenience, expense, and even privation. They represent no inconsiderable amount of wealth, and contribute largely to the revenue of hew South Wales. Their interests alone demand some efforts for the im- provement of the navigation of their river; and we will venture to cite every one of them to corroborate our assertion that if such efforts were made and efficiently carried out three times the extent of country at present under occupation would be taken up and stocked. It is a fact which the squatters towards the head of the river especially would testify to, that they dare not increase their stock in consequence of the very uncertain and expensive means of transit they now have for their supplies and produce. We have said that three times the extent of country now held by stockowners would be occupied if the Darling were rendered navigable at all times. We believe that canalisation is the only means by which this could effectually be done; and we also believe that a very large proportion of the area we allude to would by that means be watered by the overflow from the main stream. There are, however, large tracts which the waters of the Darling would never reach by any natural channels; yet it is not only very desirable, but quite within the bounds of possibility, to render them available. Those tracts are, with very few excep- tions, waterless ; but such are the indications of the existence of water beneath the surface that men would soon be found willing to take them up if some advant- ages were offered them beyond those enjoyed by the Crown land tenants of more favoured regions. If such legislation is denied as is required for this purpose, the occupation of this country, which might be made im- mediate, will be delayed for a very long time, for when we consider the risks which must be run in occupying distant blocks, we fell persuaded that no one under the present squatting regulations would venture to incur them." The 'Toowoomba Chronicle' says that several persons are clearing and fencing land south of the road between Toowoomba and Drayton. In this quarter Mr. Robin- son has taken the lead — he having some twenty acres cleared, a garden in which one hundred and thirty fruit trees are planted, and a house erected at the cost of £250. There are now improvements being made on eleven different farms ; on New Year's Day last, Mr. Robinson was the only person who had commenced clearing in that locality, and very little had then been done by him. A meeting took place, the same journal states, on Thursday evening, at Mr. Frazer's, Queen's Arms, with the object of forming a Farmer's Society, which was attended by some ten or twelve persons. A committee of five were appointed to draw up rules and regulations for the guidance or the society, and a motion passed that it should be designated the Toowoomba Agri- cultural Society. The crops in the vicinity of Toowoomba are looking well, and promise a good return to the husbandmen. The ' D.D. Gazette' says that the Rev. Mr. Bayley has been again lost. "Some days ago the rev. gentleman started from Gowrie to make Rosalie Plains, and having lost himself was fortunate enough to make back to Gowrie the same night. Starting next morning with renewed hope, the same result followed, with the excep- tion that he made Cooyar instead of Gowrie. We do admire, as the Yankees say, at the rev. gentleman's per- severing aberrations, and would again most earnestly recommend him on no account whatever to allow him- self to be tempted to leave a beaten road." THE LATE POLICE AFFAIR. — We find that we were in error in stating in our last issue that Mr. C. C. Murphy and his men had been summoned to Brisbane, as it was to Ipswich they had to go. This, however, does not affect the truth our remarks on the impropriety of removing so many of the police for such a trivial cause. By the 'Queensland Times' we observe that Mr. Murphy has appeared at the Ipswich Police Office, and charged the Gatton policemen with drunkenness and insubordination, and the decision of the Ipswich Bench is, to use a mild term, extraordinary. By the finding of the magistrates the Gatton man was not blameable for refusing to obey Mr. Murphy's orders, and although found guilty of being drunk, yet, as he was not on duty, is only reprimanded. With regard to the first part of the decision the question occurs, do the police of Queensland consist of small iso- lated bodies of men subject only to the orders of the police magistrate and chief constable of the place in which they are resident ? or, are they a corps semi-military in their character, and for whose maintenance a large sum of money has been voted, and who are supposed to be in existence for the general good of the community who are taxed to support them. Should the first supposition be the correct one all we can say is that the sooner the regu- lation of the police force is placed upon a different footing the better; but, if the second idea is to be entertained, it teems to us that the Ipswich Bench were in every way wrong in giving forth a decision which would, if generally allowed, materially interfere with the discipline absolutely necessary to constitute the police an efficient body. We are quite aware that there is an idea amongst many men of the force that they are only responsible to their local superiors----- an idea which is both erroneous and absurd, and the Ipswich Police Court deserves very little thanks from the public for doing what lay in their power to strengthen the fallacy. According to every recognised system of discipline, an officer in an organised body should have control over every member of that body with whom he may come in contact, who holds a rank inferior to his own: where this rule is ignored practical discipline is at an end. It is not so very long ago that a constable from a neighbouring town, strongly imbued with the feeling which the Ipswich Bench have so fully endorsed, con- ducted himself in such a manner in this town as to make it absolutely necessary for the Police Magistrate here to demand from the man's local superior his instant dismissal, which demand, we are happy to say, was immediately acceded to. We hope that under the new system, which is about to be introduced, any doubt upon this subject will be finally set at rest. With respect to the lenient view entertained of the Gatton constable not having been on duty when he became intoxicated, the decision of the Ipswich Bench is equally erroneous and apt to be equally hurtful. We are quite willing to allow that constables as well as others must have leisure and relaxation, and we wish them much joy and comfort in both, but if a man undertakes a certain duty he ought to be prepared to undertake the obligations which the due fulfilment of that duty includes, and no man becomes a constable without being made fully aware that at any moment of his time he may be called upon to act in his capacity, and that if he is not prepared so to do be is not acting up to the oath which he takes. If this fact is not made manifest to him by his superiors, the blame rests upon them: if it is, he has no reason to complain of the restrictions laid upon him by an office of the require- ments of which he was made fully aware before he undertook it, and looking at the matter in any light it may be placed, we can only say that it appear to us that the Ipswich Bench have not given their decision in accor- dance with the merits of the case.-- 'D. D. Gazette'. [ Whilst agreeing with the principle of a portion of our contemporary's remarks, we must state that he is in error in supposing that the Metropolitan Police Force is similarly organised and identical with that of the country districts.] 