MISÎIOHIUY MEETINQ,-Liât éventas a- meeting took' plaoe io tbe Congregational Charon, Pitt.etreet, when Urge nam ber ot persone congregated for tbe parpóse of taking farewell of tbe mi <sioneries wbo are OD tba «ive of' departing to Samoa, to enter opon tbelr duties in the islands. Tea was served at half past aiz o'olook, in the' ?obool room adjoining the oburob. About SCO'persons' vere present. Ater the tables had been oleared, tbe oompany adjourned to the oburob, ' The Rev. Mr, Beer oeoupiel the chair.- Tbs oh airman blrefly* I spoke upon tbe eubjaot wbiobhad brought them toga Iber,, and also referred to tl e meesilty wbiob existed for the young peraonaof the congregation to Interest themselves ? IQ the oau;e of mistiooa. Ha had mach pleasure in, Introducing Dr, Turner to the meeting. Dr. Turnet aaid that it was bis intention to speak to the children more, particularly. The present was a juvenile missionary meeting-be had spoken a great deal about, missions to grown np people-and ba waa'' happy to have at that time an opportunity io say a word or two to the young lol kB. Twenty.two years had passed away sloce«ha bad first addreseed little children in Pitt-street Oburob ; be waa at that time young in tbs missionary futid, but he waa again going to the South Seas, to that place where several years ago the eavagea wanted to kill and eat them. Dr. Turner then addressed the young, persona present upon the manners »od oat toma of tba natives In whose midtt be and bia brother missionaries were going forth to labour. Be also related eavtral interesting anecdotes in illustration of tbs dangers* and the euaoesa incidental to missionary- enterprise. He hoped tbey would do three thing?-aolleot money for - missionary purposes, pray fer. the success of the mis. ilonary oanse, .and lastly, dsvote themselves to the mia. aionary work. Mr. Fairfax, in an amaeing apeeob,. hagged to express tba dei p. interest wbloh (bey, the juvenile portion of the congregation, felt in the miB. Blonary work;, and io the name of the young parsons assembled, wished them a ll Sod speed, Approotlate .nd interesting addresses were then delivered by the Rsv.. Messrs, Morray> WhMmee, and Gill, missionaries on tbelr way to tbs South Bea Island«! Captain Williame aleo briefly addressed tbe meeting. A byran having been rung, tbe proceedings terminated at b.lf-paat nine o'clock, A oolleotion in aid of tbs repairs to tba boats of tbe missionary ship., tbeJobn Williams,, was taken at the door. THE GH.IST.-The London correspondent of the ¡Han cheater Quardian t&jB; :-Tho ghost from the Polytoohnio bus been ? great sncoeBS at the Adelphi. Bnt tbe first nignt a enrióos aeeident sorely.marred the iflfeot of tblsi clever adaptation of a oommon.optiaal effeot. The light io the andiene« part of the noose waa turned np, BO aa to-, light the orobeatra strongly, while the lights on the étage» were down, before the ahnet of glaas wbioh intervenes' between the epeatatora and tb« part of the stage on» . wbioh the ghost soene seems to figure waa " abut in " by tbe flats in tbe front oft it. The result waa that for. .a moment tbs audience beteld on the stage the "ghost* of the orohestr*, with all ita oeonpanta, wbiob was more than they' bad bargained> for.. I learn too that the ghost "maj be eeen to perfection without paying fer.it, io tbe underground ta.lway, where there being a etrcng gsa llgbt in the eairiagea andie feeble light comparatively on the platform and in the tunnel, yon may aa you ride ' aee yoar own ghost and those of your companions in. tb.» carriage, in the moat curious »o ? bination with guards, porter.«,.»od waiting passengers et the stations. Liheard only tba other day the story of tba diioovery cf the man- ner in wbioh tba '. ghost .* was produced at toe Poly, technic, Tbe proprietors-were no parties to publishing i tbe explanation, and, indeed, disobarged some of thiir servants wbom they euapeoted of having betrayed it. It wis discovered bj an,ingenious artisan in the andiene», who, suspecting that it'waa managed, aa it ip,.by reflec lion of an illuminated üijurein a sheet of common glass, feebly-illnminated,.and with a dark baokground behind, pitohed . papen pell«t towards tbe phantom and aaw il rebound from tbe g'aae, between the ghost and the audienop.. He wrotn a Btatement of tbia ta awell-known soientiflo man, wTo, arguing from this data, at once penetrated tbs-mystery, and wrote the explanation of it to the Times. 