snt H. BARELY ON SCIENCE. : : y On Thursday test His. Excellenoy presided at the annual ebnversrizione i of. the. Royal Siipiefy of Vietbriii, and' deliveredyari eloquent anniver sary addreSs. ' The following is tne closing pas- , sage: — i" " ' ! . ' . > " I rega.rd, science, m its highest acceptation,' as synonyinous with knowledge of what is true. All truth I. hold to be of Divine origin., .Ldesire,' therefore, to' see science eultivated for its own sake'idone. ' There are those 'who shtink alarmed' -from the conclusions to which modern discoveries in 'Astronomy, in Geology, and Comparative And-. . tomy 1 may perchance bp , leading but L .have, no appi'ellerisiori' that/subli disc'oyerios carireally" reveal auriht!it/wbuld'not' -be a:'b'00n to learn. We lfVe; it is true, in times of unprecedented mental activity mid,excitomenb. Nothing seenis too high; nothing' too lioly, for the grasp ofmonfs understanding. , ' Nay, ' those .who profess but to trace the human; froniith'o' self-generated trans mutation of the simian-brain; to see in; man . but. the development of,;tho monkey; .-show them- selyeB / most eager, as if in vindication of their own intellectual superiority, to" 'probe thbpro- fouridbst' secrets of Providence1 — to indulge ima- gmation m lis wuaess mgnis. xiven uuuiurs 01 established reputation (with duo deferenco bo it spoken) scrttpte not to, lend the weight of great names to such; visionary speculations, arid chafing, as . 4t wore, at the slow accumulation of historic data'/arid abstract physical truths, accept the riiost stairtlirig hypotheses on tho slenderest evi dence. .All this, however, but renders it the: more /.eSsential "thut tho observation of facts1 should . , bo - kept, as far as possible,1 in' advance of the.'i-promulgation: of, theories ;: that the safe, though'/ 'rugged road /' of. inductive" reasoning should xiofc be deserted1 for .tho' flowery' but delusive paths of Pria- Baconian philosophy,, Be- it'oiirs ait least to take nothiDg for minted where revelation- appears to be impugned, but reverently and patiently to await the results of investiga tions still confessedly in.thpir infanpy; confident !thatif oll.Nature'sprOblem's'bohot.destined to be solved : in / the , brief , span allotted to us here below,- the veil will be lifted from every mystery in the world heyond the grave.'-' ; " . i , ' Lettee;:,:of -John1 "miichellij-t- Wheri the Federals captured Mr.. Sanders> thoy found in, his possession a letter from 'the weltknown John Mitchell,- addressed to the Dublin Nation: It tells hoW he made his way into Virginia; crossing, tho'PotiSmao, 'in /company, with two Confederate' officers, " close,, b/r/our, gunboats -and under tho bows of a1 Yaikee irevenue eutter," Mr . Mitqhell says that norfi rif ithe Potomao, there ispo law, and hd'was in! doubt all :tho time .whether. he wais, in America, or Poland, or Verietia. Riohmoud ho.findsvery little - changed, arid that the Dish citizens avQ.giving/'ahea'rfy 'support to', tli'oj 'Go- Vernm'enL/ .'he'lotfor concludes thus 177." There :are; ris I, learn, . /about 40, 000 :L'ishmen .in'tho; Southern army, 'but thoy aro< dish'ibuted, as they, oughtlo be, through all regiments ' and all/arms of the service,'.! aridhaye; never .been fonpeddnto an irish' brigado. , Thoy' do not protond to fight this AmeiScari! qriiirrcl as Irishmen,/ nor do they desecrate , the name o'ri prostitute ,, the; ag. of Ireland at all. As for the Northern Irish, who seem to have got. themsolves , persuaded that the ontrancliisement; i ;Ot .noianci ,..is aomeuow . 10 result from tho subjugation of tho South;' and that the repeal of ono Union in Europe depends on tho enforcement/of another Union inAmorica, our.. friends .hero do not, .well understand! the. process of reasoning which leads to that.-: conclu sion, nor do I. Thoy call those Northern Irish, ., as well : as all the other Northern forces, by the one general name,/: Yankees, and indignantly protest that tho green hunting under whioh " Irish " brigades havo chosen to march to 'the invasion and subjugation of the South is, not .' the banner ,of Ireland at. all— merely, one. of the/ Yankee insignia. In all this I agrco with themi entirely.: Nobody lias a. right to .unfurl the colours of Ireland in a war of invasion 1 arid plunder and coercion. These Irish at the/South, have hover pretended to .mix up. tlroir., native, country in tho struggle ;' thoy indulge in -i>p; Fontcnoyism, thoy flaunt no sunbursts, ' tliejr . display on their banners no roiiind towers, wolf/ dogs, or crownlcss harps, but go' a-lroad quite j simply, under tho bars and stnrs; of their adopted, country, todofondtheirownhomesandhe'arthsfrom a list of greedy invaders. If they should be over powered and defeated, Ireland, at least, will riot bo dishonoured in their persons. But thoy have no thought of being dofeatod ; arid I will sum up my impression by declaring my conviction that this Confederacy can novor bo conquered." A correspondent of tlio '1'lmcs says that a friend of Ills made tlie followlner. curious selection of surnames from the wills in' tho I'm-ocntivo Court iu Doctors' Common. — Asse, Bub, Belly, Boots, Beastly, Billy. Botch, Bare, liond, Bugg, Buggy; Bungler, Bones, Cheoke, Clodd- C01I, Cripple, Cheese, : Cookies, Dunce, Dam, Drink, water, Def, Demon, Flnslimnn, l'att, Fiend, Funcks Froggie, Ginger, Goose. Ghost, Greedy, Hngg. Humpe, Holdwater, Headache, idle, Jugs, Jelly, Kneejonot Kidney, Licie, Lame, Lazy, Leakey, Maypole, Mule; Monkey. Milksop, Mudd. Mug, PhyBicke, fciigjiend, Pot; Poker, PIggle, Prigirie, Punch, Proverb, Quicklovo; Qiwsb, Radish, Pumps, ltawbope, Bottengoose, Swetto, Bhish, Sprat, Sluib, Sponge," Stubborn, ; Swine, Shave, Shrimps, Shirt, Skin, Squabble, Killy, Shoe, Smelt, Spnttle, ShmloWj TeiU0| 1 nylccont, ViJUaiJj Vittlep, YilC| ami Whale. J The PabliamentaeV .Band of, hote.rrln reply to a question in tho- House on Friday from Mr Hood, oskiDg "what was the Band of Hope, the Postmaster-General facotiously .replied :— "HerMajesty'sOpposition," — theOppos_itioncon- sistingat tho moment of Dr Macadam, MrHeales, Mr Cohen, Mr. Francis, Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Foot. . , ' The Sandeidge Magisteates nave dis missed the case in which the toaster of tho barque Macassar was charged with a breach of the qua rantine regulations. ' A Western mqu Bays that on bearing ' Yankee Doodle performed ou/an/organ in- the, Cbrystal Palace, lie felt the Decliirntlon of Iridepondence .'arid : a;- epuple ofiBunlccr Hills rising In his bosom. 