COLONIAL EXTRACTS MURDEROUS ASSAULT.—The Singleton correspondent of the Maitland Mercury states that a most brutal assault was committed on an old man called William Farrow, who, with his wife, are well known as persons of very dissolute habits. Latterly they have resided in a hut erected by them in a paddock situated to the rear of Mr. Wilson's premises, John-street, Singleton. During the afternoon of Tuesday, Farrow and his wife were seen in John-street in a half- drunken state ; his wife exclaimed to him that she had the price of a nobler, and invited her husband to have one with her. It is presumed that she got this money from her paramour, who afterwards nearly killed her husband. About midnight on Tuesday, fearful screams were heard in John-street, proceeding from Farrow's hut. At first no attention was paid to them, as similar noises took place every night; however, as the screams increased, several neighbours were aroused and proceeded to the spot. The unfortunate old man was heard to appeal to his assailant, requesting him to allow him time to say his prayers before he put an end to him. Hearing several persons approach, the man who committed this barbarous assault ran away; but, the police being sent for, he was afterwards apprehended in the company of Mrs. Farrow. The poor old man was in a fearful state, having received no less than fifteen wounds made by a knife on the head and face. He had also been wounded in the hands—probably whilst endeavouring to resist the assault. Portions of his face are describe as looking at first like mince meat, and he was covered with blood over the greater part of his body. The sufferer was immediately conveyed to the Benovolent Asylum, where his wounds were promptly dressed by Dr. Caloy, who has since unremittingly attended him. PURSUIT OF BUSHRANGERS.—On Monday evening two of the Lambing Flat troopers espied a party of three bushrangers near Memagong Station about twelve miles from Lambing Flat, beyond Stoney Creek. The bushrangers, two of whom are supposed to be Gilbert and O'Meally, immeditely fled, closely pursued by the constables for some distance, when one of the robbers, whose horse was knocked-up, threw himself out of the saddle and escaped into the scrub; his two companions were equally fortunate, although fired at several times; but the increasing darkness of the evening favored them and baffled the toopers. The abandoned horse proved to be Micky Hunter, Mr. Robert's racer, some time since stolen from his stable at Currawang. The poor animal is in a most deplorable condition, nothing but skin and bones, with scarcely a leg fit to stand on. He has been restored to his owner. On the same evening, and about the same time (sundown) a trooper stationed at Wimbat, fell in with Ben Hall, and told him to surrender; but the latter kept edging away, and trooper called on him as a man to be as good as his word in his boastful defiance of the police, and to come to a fair singal- handed combat; but Hall made a bolt for the bush when the troopers fired, and following him up discovered the bushranger's horse (a grey one, with switch tail, a Roman nose and long back) without his rider and also the hat and poncho worn by Hall when first seen. In this case, too, darkness favored escape but so confident was the con- stable that he must have wounded Hall, that a party went out next morning to search the bush, but without success. The hat, poncho, and horse referred to, are now in the possession of the police, at the Camp, Young. — Burrowa Times. A writer in the " Herald," who signs himself " W. B." suggests the following plan for the capture of bushrangers:—Set Walker and his native police on their tracks, or of course a man like Walker, they'll do their work in their own unscrupulous way, and "terrible evils," require as " terrible remedies." What can your police that have to learn the country first, do against native lads able to ride from their cradle, and now mounted on good racehorses? A good black tracker with mates— not without—will run the track day after day when once fairly on it, then, when it comes to a close, there's little doubt about taking alive I dare say; they'll be taken dead only a question of time—a few days more or less. Do this, and do it effectually, Gilbert and the others will not very long trouble us. Mind I tell you how this business is done, and this is my? ? share? of it, as I have before told you. and, through you, the people in other matters. DEATH FROM OLD AGE.—A woman of the name of Mrs. Brady died the other day, at the advanced age of one hundred and two years and some months. She has been living about three miles from Parramatta, on the Windsor road, for a number of years, and is well known all over the district. It will be remembered by a good many that she was at the Court-house to give evidence again a Chinaman for robbery when she was over a hundred years old.— Braidwood Observer. NEW GOLD FIELD.—Reports have reached Mudgee of the opening of a payable gold- field near Mr. Charles Lowe's residence fifty or sixty diggers are upon the spot, many of whom are doing well. Mr. Chappell of the Louisa is crushing a second quantity of quartz from the new reef, and the return will exceed six ounces to the ton.—Braidwood Observer. HORRIBLE SUICIDE AT TARADALE.—On the 17th instant, Dr. Preshaw, the coroner, held an inquest at the National Hotel, on the body of Alexander Henderson, aged forty four, a farmer who committed suicide the previous morning by cutting his throat, in a wooden house on Kirk's farm, near Taradale. Deceased was a Scotchman; he came from Ross-shire. Sergeant Brown, stationed at Taradale, stated that he received information, about nine o'clock in the morning, that deceased was lying in the kitchen at Kirk's farm with his throat cut; he proceeded at once with Dr. Aitken, to the place, and found deceased on the floor before the fireplace, with the razor now produced in his right hand. His throat was cut, and the blood covered his jumper, and filled his jumper pocket. In his trousers pocket found £3 in notes, and in his jumper pocket 9s. 10½d, a knife, and four boxes of matches. He obtained a pocketbook which was found in deceased's room, but it threw no light on the motive which led deceased to commit suicide. Dr. Aitken deposed that he examined the body of deceased. The windpipe, the veins and arteries were deeply severed ; on the inside of the left arm there were also some recent slight cuts. Death must have ensued in a very few minutes; it was impossible for him to survive. The coroner summed up the evidence, and the jury returned a verdict that deceased died by his own hand while labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. CHINESE NOTIONS OF FUTURITY.—During the trial of Peang Jem and Lum Yee, for robbing Ark Sing, a Chinese witness named Ah Poon, upon being interrogated by Judge Callaghan, as to what would become of him after death if he was to lead a bad and wicked life, said that if he was a good man while alive, he would, when dead, be a good ghost. If, on the other hand, he led a bad life he would be a bad ghost. If a very bad man, he might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinese witness (the prosecutor), stated in reply to his Honor, that he prayed to a wooden god he had in a joss-house in China, and if he told a lie his god would cause him to be struck by lightning, or to fall from his horse, or some other such calamity might befall him. —Braid- wood News. BEN HALL—A correspondent signing himself, "One Who Knows," writes to the "Courier" a letter about bushrangers, in which he thus sympathisingly speaks of the now notorious Ben Hall. Benjamin Hall is now about twenty-eight years of age. He was born near Maitland, and his father, who was a free immigrant, cultivated his own farm on the banks of the Hunter, and gave his son a good education. About eight years ago the young man went to the Lachlan district to take up a station, and settled at Wheogo, where he, won the good friendship and opinion of all the settlers in the neighbourhood. He was honest and obliging, of good appearance and address, and was what be professed to be—a gentleman. About two years ago Hall married, unfortunately in an evil hour, and after the the birth of his first child, his wife eloped with another man. This person, afraid of Hall, went to a certain police officer, and told him that Hall was connected with the gang of Gardiner; and shortly afterwards, at the Lachlan races, Hall was given in charge of the police, and taken to the watch-house. In answer to a question put to him by Hall as to the reason of his arrest, the officer in question replied, " you were riding a good horse, and none but bushrangers ride good horses nowadays." The man was then heavily ironed, his hands were fastened behind his back, and he was pushed into a damp dark cell, whence he was not let out for three weeks, but when he was taken, once every seven days to the Police-court to be remanded again and again, in order to allow the police to find out whether there was any charge against him or not. During the three weeks of his incarceration Hall's horse was ridden as a hackney by the officer referred to, who appeared to have taken a fancy to the animal, and at the end of three weeks two witnesses were brought forward to swear that Hall was like a man who had been with Gardiner, and he was on this testimony committed for trial. Although several squatters and settlers in the neighbourhood offered bail to a large amount none was accepted, and the man was sent back to one of the filthiest watch-houses in New South Wales, into the company of men whose society he loathed, to await his trial. That came on in time, there not being the shadow of evidence against him he was discharged. In the meantime many of his horses and cattle had been stolen, his farm had suffered in consequence of his unjust incarceration, and he had expended over £500 in law expenses in procuring witnesses, and in satisfying the harpies that preyed on him when he was down. When he was discharged he taxed the police officer with riding his horse while he was imprisoned, and that worthy threatened to lock him up again if he did not immediately be off. Hall went hack to his farm and was just getting his disordered affairs put right again, and had collected his remaining cattle and horses, when the escort robbery took place. Advantage of the opportunity was taken, and poor Hall was again apprenhended on suspicion, and kept in the lock-up for a considerable time heavily ironed, although the two approvers, Charteris and Richards, declared that he had nothing to do with the affair, either directly or otherwise. There being no charge against Hall, he was dismissed by the magistrates at the request of Mr. Inspector Sanderson. His ill-usage was not at an end even then. After being out of the lock-up only a few days, he was a third time chained in the lock-upon the same charge. By this time his intimate friends began to regard him with suspicion. They could not fancy such injustice could be perpetrated without a shadow of cause, and he lay a long time in the watch-house before any one would come forward to bail him out. At last, one ventured to do so, and then a second. But the latter received a large pecuniary consideration for this act of friendship. By this time, the man of gentlemanly appearance and fine healthy countenance looked ten years older, was care-worn and haggard, almost ruined in pocket and in spirits. It may suit the views of the New South Wales police to magnify the villiany of particular bushrangers, but they have not been able to find a single case against the unfortunate Hall. THE CHANCELLOR IN A FIX.—Mr. Gladstone lately found himself at a railway station—so the on dit goes—minus the capacity to pay his fare, through having left his purse behind him. The clerk, who happened to know him, courteously offered to lend him the money, but threw out a sly hint that he hoped the right hon. gentleman would never bring the national finances into the same predicament. 