THE AMERICAN NEWS VIA SIDNEY. The following from the Argus telegram supple- ments' our budget of American news given in yesterday's Advertiser':-— NEW YORK, March 30. Two hundred Secessionist" conspirators had formed a plan to seize Mare Island Navy-yard, and the ships there, and to proclaim secession. The plot was discovered. The Federals have captured the steamers Herald, Peterhoff, Nicholas, Adela (reported previously),and Georgina, running the blockade. Rosencranfz and Burnside front Johnson and Vandorn, who ore massing troops to overrun Ken- tucky. Hooker, with the army of the Potomac, is bent on immediate operations. Commodore Farragot has passed Fort Hudson with a portion of his fleet, and has recaptured the steamer Indianola. He threatens Vicksburg, which the canal completely cuts off. The steamer Missis- sippi was destroyed while attempting to pass Fort Hudson batteries. Farragut is now below Vicks burg. An iron-clad fleet left Port Royal on the 24th to attack Charleston. Sigel has withdrawn his resignation, and joined the army of Cumberland. The Yazoo River expedition is progressing suc- cessfully. It has captured twenty-six Confederate transports. Resolutions in favour of peace have been intro duced introduced in the Confederate Congress. A rumour was again in circulation as to the in- tended evacuation of Richmond. General Sumner is dead. Sherman commands at New Orleans. Morgan has been defeated in Tennesse. The Confederate cavalry attacked Brenkville, and captured 200 prisoners, with store. The Florida has destroyed three ships near Ber- muda. Wilkes has taken command of the Vander- belt, and gone in pursuit Intelligence has been received of a combined attack by the Confederate cruisers on the Californian mail steamer. The Confederate prospects look gloomy. Vicks- burg, it is feared,.must be abandoned, as starvation stares the garrison in the face. The Federals are cutting off the supplier. The Richmond papers state that the railways are unable to supply food enough, and recommend the inhabitants to live on two meals a-day. .The negro brigade is considered a great success. Gold is at forty-five per cent, premium. Barley for Malting.—Mr Bullock, of the AI- bury Brewery, recently procured a hundred bushels of the best Chevalier barley from Melbourne. This, delivered in Albury, cost him about twelve shil- lings and sixpence per bushel, and he has given it at the cost price to parties to sow, guaranteeing that he will take from them the crop resulting at five shillings and sixpence a bushel, with the under- standing that the growers shall retain as much as they please for seed. Now, as each bushel would give a return of at least twenty, at the low rate of only thirty bushels per acre, we think the farmer might do worse than full into such an arrangement. It is simply ridiculous that a brewer should send hundreds of pounds away from the place annually for an article which could be produced on the spot. He is willing to take all that can be grown; but beyond this there is no fear of overstocking the market. As the roads of the colony are opened up and railways progress, there is no reason why we should not send our wool, our wine, our tobacco, and our grain to Melbourne and Sydney, and even to England itself.—Albury Banner. Robbery and Impudent Restitution.—On Sun- day week the office of the Nuggetty Company, Camp- bell's Creek, was entered and about 90 lbs of mer- cury, several retorts, and other property were stolen In fact a clean sweep was made of every article worth carrying away. Towards the close of the week, either from compunctions of conscience, or what is more propable, from fear of the utensil being identified, the thieves coolly returned in the night a bucket. It is singular that having escaped with- out detection in the first instance, the rogues should have exposed themselves a second time to the chance of discovery.—M. A. Mail. A nugget of 14 1/2 ounces, from the Caledonian diggings, was exhibited on Monday at the shop of Mr Davis, the gold broker, of Elizabeth street. The nugget, which was found on Friday last by a boy, is valued at £40.—Age. Yesterday, at an inn, the landlord and two others hid "shaken the hat," and the nobblers were duly supplied, but, by some unfortunate mistake, the landlord and one of the others (an Irishman) took kerosene instead of gin, and had taken good mouth- fuls before the mistake was discovered. All was consternation immediately, but the prompt appli- cation of mustard and other emetics soon brought matters nearly right. The customer was terribly frightened by the warning of a bystander, not to light his pipe all night, or there would be a com- bustion to chronicle.—Tarrangower Times. At Bealiba (Cochrane's), on Sunday, a singular ceremony was performed at the funeral of a China- man, who had died on the previous Thursday from injuries received from the fall of a quantity of earth in a mining claim. The remains of the un- fortunate celestial were buried in the new cemetery, by many of his countrymen, with many formalities, and a large assemblage of Europeans followed the corpse, and those of them who pleased were regaled with spirits, cigars, and eatables Deceased had intended shortly to return to his native country, and in addition to the usual property of a miner, he has left a good sum of money, which, from some super- stitious motives, quite incapable of being under- stood, as they offer no explanations, his countrymen positively refuse to touch or to interfere with in any way. It is rather strange that in this case, as we are informed, there was neither coroner's inquest or magisterial inquiry.—Maryborough Advertiser. A Ghost Story.—To-morrow evening David Blair, Esq, is announced to lecture at the Congre- gational School Room, on the subject of " Ghosts." Apropos of this question, there is a strange rumour on Campbell's Creek of a mysterious nocturnal visitor at the Ajax Claim Bolivia Reef It may be recollected that some little time ago a poor fellow named Coombs, a shareholder in the company, and a remarkably tall and athletic man. was suddenly killed by a fall of rock in the mine. The story runs that a few nights since the apparition of the de- ceased appeared to another member of the company while in a stable on the claim. The latter, a total abstainer, and a very steady person, was too fright- ened to speak, and requested two of his mates to watch with him on the following night. Whether at the orthodox hour of midnight or not, we are unable to say, but at a moment between sun set and cock-crow the phantom was again discovered by two of the sentinels, the other one failing to detect the unearthly visitant. It is said, moreover, that the advent of the spirit was heralded by a cat, which on being shot underwent several metamorphoses, till it finally assumed the outlines of a superhuman form. Unless the vision was entirely the creation of an excited imagination, it is provable the affair has grown out of a mischiev- ous practical joke. The topic, however, is evidently an unpleasant one among the men on the reef. Eminent poets, divines, and philosophers in the old world have believed that ghosts do walk the earth after they have " shuffled off this mortal coil," but the one on the Bolivia Reef is the first we have ever heard of on the goldfields,—Mount Alexander Mail. Boring for Coal, is South Gipps Land.—On Monday morning last the Coal Prospecting Commit- tee may be said fairly to have commenced operations Mr Hayes with five men were upon the ground ready to begin their work, and at ten o'clock a few friends met the hon. secretary and his lady for the purpose of inaugurating the event. Three sods were turned by Mr M'Kenzie, by way of commencing the undertaking, and the company present joined in heartily wishing success.—Gipps Land Guardian. Albury Ale.—Our colonial brewers are rapidly causing the shipment of English beers to he a diminishing item in the list imports. English ale is now, in many places, almost an unknown article, being superseded, as in Albury, by the Colo- nial, brewed on the spot; a good, healthy, palatable article, —Albury Banner. 