THE ORLEANISTS AND THE EMPEROR [From the Saturday Review, March 21.] I At length the moment is come when, in the judgment of many Frenchmen of high reputa- tion, and who have played a great part in the history of their country, it is lawful and expedient for those who have hitherto stood aloof from the empire to accept the facts they cannot alter and to return to practical life. The most conspicuous issue of this decision is the proposed candidature of M. Thiers for the representation of Valenciennes. He and many of his friends are reluctant that they should for ever be excluded from serving France because they cannot approve of the imperial system which is now triumphant there This seems to us the view of practical wisdom; and we admire the consciences which are robust enough to sweep away the casuistical difficulties that beset their course of action, however much we may respect the scrupulous delicacy of those who think they cannot accept the empire without a stain on their honor, and that they cannot swear fidelity to the Imperial Government without perjury. It is this oath that is the great obstacle and men who have long taunted the Emperor with his violation of the oaths he had taken, and who have held up to execration his deceitfulness and lip service, may naturally shrink from an act which has so strong a resemblance to his crimes as that of swearing to be faithful to him while their hatred of him is undiminished. The arguments, however, which M. Thiers has adduced to justify his readiness to take the oath appear to us very strong. It is not the Emperor from whom the friends of French liberty record, but it is the Imperial system. There would be no reason for standing aloof from his Government if he were merely a bad Constitutional King who happened to be preferred by the nation to it better one. M. Thiers and his freinds swore, without scruple and without blame, fidelity to the Republic, because the Republic was an existing fact, and because, although it was not the form of government they would have chosen, yet it was a form of government under which liberty was possible. The Empire was for many years an avowed and uncontrolled despotism, and the Orleanists could not bring themselves to swear that they would do nothing to oppose it. But the Emperor has now given his Government a new character. He has made it in some degree a Constitutional Government. Men are allowed to speak what they like in the Chambers, and all France is told through the press what they said. This may be along way off a really free system of government. The Emperor, secure of the army, of the peasantry, and perhaps of the priests, may regard this very moderate liberty of speech and remonstrance as an exceedingly slight deduction from his absolute power. But it is diffi- culttosaythutthopresent Governmental France is one under which some approach to liberty is not possible, and under which an honest and bold man cannot work so that France may gradually become more free. It is true that this return of the Orleanist to political life is a sort of condonation of the Emperor, and many persons, both here and in France, think that he is too great a criminal for good men ever to pardon. In one sense, there ought to be no condonation for men who have done the things he has done. History ought never to gloss over the iniquity of such crimes as the COH;J d' east, or over the sad series of crimes many of them, perhaps, originally unpremeditated-to which an act of violence and treachery like the coup d'etat gives birth, when all its consequences begin to press on the actors. We should soon lose all our sense of justice, and of right and wrong in history,) if we allowed ourselves to speak with indifference of crimes because the criminals happen to be successful. But, in practical life, we must, to a certain extent, accept what happens. The mere fact that the Emperor hits reigned for eleven years, that no resistance could be made to his Government with a chance of success, and that not only France, but Europe would regard as a serious calamity any violent change in the occupation of the throne, does carry with it a condonation of the Emperor which no one but fanatics or pedants would despise. The present position of the Emperor is such that M. Thiers may be considered equally justified in remembering of forgetting that it was by the orders of this man that he and all the flower of statesmanship and high renown in France was seized on in the dead of a December night, and hurried off to prison like criminals. M. Thiers has now chosen to forget this. He prefers the service of his country to the remembrance of his wrongs, And no one can doubt that his country has much to gain by this decision. If political liberty is good for France, it must give political liberty a great impulse that ituhould bopiibliolysupported by men whose ancient reputation will ensure thcm,onoveryoccasion,unattcntivoaudionooand admiring readers. Not only will the scanty numbers of the Opposition be increased not only will know take something larger than a cab to hold them, but the Opposition will gain a new Character and footing. At present they stand so much aloof from the rest of the Chamber and from the current of French thought-they frighten so many people, and are thought to belong to such a dangerous party-that their speeches, however powerful and animated, do little more than enliven the debates. It will be very different when the orators and partizans of the Government are brought face to face with practised and moderate debaters whom no one can suspect of revolutionary ideas, and who will ask for nothing more than that the Government shouldateeralittlomoro oloBolyandquickly to the shore of constitutional freedom than it is inclined to go. The Emperor was probably sincere when, at the time of granting the new constitutional privileges of France, he expressed a wish that the chiefs of the old monarchial parties should meet the advance he made, and should no longer refuse to take a part in public affairs. It is a great thing for him to have his testimony to the strength of his power and it is still more that he and his family should cease to be considered as the eternal enemies of liberty in J France. He has on many occasions given significant hints that at the bottom of his thoughts I lies a conviction that France cannot for ever be kept in subjection to a despotism. The time will come when she will be wearied and ashamed of submission. He foresees this and wishes to prepare for it. The difficulties that stand in the way of his crowning the Imperial edifice with liberty are enormous. There is the character and history of the man himself is there is the pressure of that apparatus of Imperialism which he has taken so much pains to construct 5 there is the knot of timid and arrogant schemes through whom he is obliged to act. But still, it is only giving him credit for a small share of political wisdom to believe him to be alive to the danger of letting it be taken as a political axiom that the reign of himself or his son must necessarily be fatal to the hopes of freedom which France may entertain. Nothing could tend more powerfully to remove this impression than that the statesmen who won their fame in the great days of Parliamentary liberty should be content to serve under him and the Emperor may reasonably think that the political reappearance of M. Theirs is a service to the house of the Bonapartes scarcely less than the distortion of historical facts through twenty brilliant volumes in honor of the First Napoleon. But the little people of the Imperial party are invited and no ti/1 d by the threatened coming into their comply of so much bigger bird than they are. It appears a less enviable position than it did to be a Minister without Portfolio, when the Imperial mouth-piece has to stand the attacks of skilled and cunning de- baters like M. Thiers. Accordingly, the minor luminaries of the Government Press are urging all kinds of objections to M. Thiers. They tell him that he cannot possibly be honest. They say that they are in possession of the true interpretation of the oath, and that M. Thiers must take it according to what they hold it to mean. They have got an elector of Valenciennes to ask him for very minute particulars of his political views, in order that they may convict him of meditated perjury out of his own mouth. M. Thiers is too old a bird to be caught in this way. He very sensibly and properly declines to enter into any details and observes that a man who has been Prime Minister of his Sovereign, and has been speaking and writing on public affairs for the greater part of a long life, need not explain his political views, or describe the sense in which he takes any political oath by which his conscience permits him to pledge him. Foiled in this attempt to entangle himself, the Imperialist coterie has announced, its intention of opposing his election by every means in its power. It is for Valenciennes and tor France to choose between them and M. Thiers. It has been said that, by this return to political life, the Orleanists have ceased to exist. They no longer belong to a party which can be supposed to set all its hopes on the restoration of the House of Orleans. They are now merely liberal Imperialists. In some sense this is true. They do not allow the faint and remote chance of serving a house to which they are attached to interfere with the fulfilment of what they conceive to be their practical duties. But by no men, we believe, would they be so warmly encouraged and supported in this course as by the chief members of the late Royal Family of France. The Orleans Princes have taken every possible opportunity of directing the attention of their followers solely to the good of France, and of discountenancing any intrigues for the extensive benefit of the Orleans dynasty. Since princes were first exiled in Europe, none probably have ever shown less disposition to enliven the tedium of banishment by political conspiracies. They have no fancy for Sudden landings or coups d'etat, or little sham Courts and if a change of dynasty could be brought about by the sacrifice of only a hundred French lives, there are none of them, we feel sure, who would wish that the head of their House should reign at what would seem to an Imperialist so ludicrously trivial a cost. If they are ever called on to leave a private station, they will take with them many of the excellences that fit men to govern ; but while they remain in exile, they 'will entirely alter their character and history if they ever show that they wish their friends' to think of the cause of the House of Orleans when they might think of the good of France. THE " His POMTB STYLE. The silly euphemism of " lady" for " wife" has pretty nearly gone out of fashion. Probably it first arose from such phrases as " Lord A. B. and his lady," much as one often speaks of a king and " his queen." But ". lady," " female," " young person," have pretty nearly driven out the plain word " woman," which by the light of nature, we should have thought needed a eupliouiistiosubstittuevory much loss than " female." Perhaps the two very oddest euphemism which we have ever heard of, came in two sermons preached at the time of the Irish famine. In one, preached in a university pulpit, the divine talked about "that esculent which has recently failed," Now, if Moses and the prophets could talk straightforwardly, about looks, and onions, and cucumbers, why on earth should not an English clergyman talk straightforwardly about potatoes The other instance was more eccentric still. The preacher told his flock that he had himself been in Ireland, and that the wretchedness of the people was so great, that he had, with his own eyes, seen a woman yoked to a plough "along with an animal which decency forbade him to mention." His hearers were sore puzzled. What animal is more, especially what animal at all fit for drawing a plough, which decency, forbids any one to mention," There is indeed a noisome insect which may only be mentioned under the most general terms. There is also a quadruped, whose female form requires the most delicate circumlocution, though the male is pro sensible by name in the best society. But the woman could hardly be supposed to be yoked with a "lady-dog;" though find, the sermon being preached in America, it would have been quite possible to imagine her yoked with a " gentleman cow." Some ingenious person suggested a pig, as an unclean beast ; yet the mention of the pig is not commonly looked on as a breach of decency. At last the beast so delicately veiled turned out to be a donkey Saturday Review. Liri; AMID FOLEY-The take of herrings by fishermen within the jurisdiction of the Scotch Fishery Board amounted in 1861 to nearly 90.1,000,000. - It scents a marvellous drain upon the power of multiplication of one animal to destroy in a year a multitude exceedingly number, por , haps, the whole human population of the globe. ' But this vast number sinks into insignificance when compared with the destruction effected by other agencies. It is very common to find a codfish with six or seven herrings still undigested In his stomach. If we allow a codfish only two herrings a day, and estimate that he feeds on herrings for only seven months; in the year, he takes 420 as his allowance during that time; and since are least 2,400,000 codfish were caught in 1861, and; the cod and ling caught were certainly not a time, of those left behind, the destruction of herring by these voracious fish alone may be estimated at ten times as great as that effected by all the fishermen put together. But the longer and the dogfish pro ably do as much damage as the cod and ling the gulls and the gan nets slay their millions, the pork poiHOs and gi amuses destroy untold multitudes sea trout, and innumerable other fish prey upon the herring fry, flat fish of all kinds resort in immense numbers to the spawning grounds of the herring to, prey upon the freshly deposited ova. Exton sive as our fishery operations upon, their effect upon the supply of hen lugs becomes. in-, appreciable when compared with all these consuming agencies. The Royal Commissioners, who have, recently inquired into the operation of the laws relating to herring trawling, and from whose report those statements are taken, notice the. practical result of all this s-A plentiful multiplication lion of herrings in any year nourishes and support an increased army economies, and if those, latters multiply too fast the herrings become (HIIÚHÍHIICMÍ in number, whereupon the fish that destroy them are starved down, and, in a weakened state, more easily fall a prey to their own enemies the herring; thou, relieved from their oppressors, in a year or- two appear again in runner-up numbers, much as the alternations of prosperity, over production, and! panic in the trade which they originate will occur with as much regularity as if the herring were manufacturer's. PATTERNS POST ntmvi¡KK]Ii¡Nar,/vtm AND FRANCE, -The rules of the pattern post between this country and France appear to be greatly marauder stood by the public, and it is necessary, therefore, to call special attention to the following points : 1\. That the patterns must be of no intrinsic value. This rule excludes all articles of a saleable nature, wonting apparel, medicines, keys, and indeed whatever may have a value of its own, whether a molloy value or other, apart from its mere use as a pattern ; nor must the quantity of any matorUI son ostensibly as a pattern be so great that it could fairly be considered as having, on this ground, an intrinsic value. 2. Tim patterns must not bear any writing other than the address of the persons for whom they are intended, a itiani\fa«liurei',B or trade marks, numbers, and the prices of the articles. 3\. The patterns must be sent in covers open at; the ends, so as to be easy of examination. Sample however, of such, drugs, and so forth, which CONDON be sent in open covers, may be enclosed in bags, off linen, paper, or other material, tied, at Mia necV with string ; closed bags, although transparent, must not be used for this purpose), I. The his which forbids the transmission through the, ghost of any article likely to injure the contents of the mail fungi or the powers of tiny officer of the post office is of course applicable to the pattern potting anything of the kind which may be observed will be stopped and not sent to its destination. 5. At tallon such as the following have been noticed Unit have been detained n< unfit for the post- viz,, metal boxes, porcelain and china, fruit, vegetables, bunches of flowers, cuttings of plants, spurs, knives. winners, needles, pins, pieces of machinery, watch machinery, sharp pointed instruments, samples of metal, samples of ores, samples in glass bottles, pieces of glass, acids of various kinds, currycombs, copper or steel engraving plates, and confectionery of various kinds. By command of the Postmaster General, ROWLAND KIM,, Secretary- General Port. Office, Feb 28. ItEMAIlIC ItV AN AMERICAN. SCAVENGE..-" Wills dead horses and other garbage is left lyin' loose , around a camp, the noosopnpor reporter writes and says Our army is again assuming the offtware,'" 