GHOSTS IN AUSTRALIA. In tlm spring of 185-, I was employed in driving a numerous herd of store cattle from New England down into tho Melbourne country. The grass was plentiful, and the cattle travelled along at their lei sure across the wide plains which lie between the Lachlan, Mun-umbidgee, and Edward Rivers. It was nearly sunset on a fine evening in August when we camo to Deniliquin. where the crossing place of tho last-named river is situated ; and driving tho cattle down into an angle OI tuO JMlWMill ttc UIUUJILU wuai; lu in\\- *w« of the sandhill on which the township is built. Thero were two or three other herds of cattle and some flocks of sheep waiting to cross in the morn ing, and as several of the men in charge of them wont up to Billy M'Intyro's pnblic-honse, and then came down to our camp fire, there was soon a pretty large crowd of bushinen assembled round it. Some of them had brought bottles of rum from the inn, and as the grog circulated, we began to discuss tho various routes by which wo had travelled. Thero was a long argument as to the best track across the Old Man Plain ; but, as almost_ all of us were in favor of that by Lang's crossing-place, that point was almost settled, when an Australian stockman named Driscoll started what he seenied to consider an unanswerable objection, by asking us how we would avoid the Black Swamp and the ghost of the ' trotting cob ?' This speech was received with a roar of laughter ; bnt Driscoll jumped up in a rage, and said, ' You may laugh as you liko, boys ; but as sure as I am standing hero, I saw it myself, worse luck, aud seeing's bolieving.' Of course, when we heard this, we were all anxious for the story ; and, by the aid of a little judicious flattery and a pannikin of grog, we succeeded in appeasing Driscoll's passion, and prevailing on him to tell us his adventure, which ho did in the following words : — ' Yon nearly all know Wantabadgery Station abovo Wagga-Wagga. Well, two years ago, Bill Kelly and I took three hundred fat beasts from there to fetch into Bendigo. The feed was good, and we came down tho river bank till wo reached Lang's, where wo crossed the cattle. It was lato in tho afternoon whon wo got out on the plain ; and the sun was just dipping as wo were abreast ;of tho Black Swamp ; bo wo rnunded up the cat lo and determined to stop thero for the night. Wo hobbled our horses closo at hand, lit our fire, und had our suppers. Then wo agreed that I should take the first watch ; so Kelly rolled himself up in his possum-rug, and I went down to have a look at tho cattle and horses. I found them all right ; so I went back to the fire, heaped on fresh fuel, and then stretched myself down to have a comfortable smoke. I was pretty tired with riding all day, and the fire was hot, so in a short time I dozed off. I must have slept three or four honrs, for tho cold awoke me, as tho fire was very low ; so I got up and put ou more wood, and then I thought I'd just go round the cattle before I waked Kelly to take his watch. So I caught and saddled my mare, and rodo away to tho cattle- camp. Tho moon was Rt tho full, and shining brightly, and the beasts had drawn out on the plain to feed ; so, of course, I started to head them back. I was cantering along when all of a sudden tho lead ing cuttle camo galloping back, and as they wheeled, a man passed close to mo, riding a bald-faco cob, and coming from the opposite direction. Now Kelly's horse was bald faced, so I thought that he had waked up and come out to look after me, so I rodo on towards the camp. When 1 got there, to my great surprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled up in his rug, and appa rently fast asleep. This very naturally vexed mo, so I shook him roughly, and when he sat np, says I to him : ' Kelly, what do you mean by going and lying down again when yon know it's your watch ?' '? ' Lying down again,' replied ho. ' Why, I never woke at all till now.' ' ' What,' cried I, ' do you want to deny that you passed me just now out on the plain heading back tho cattle 1 I did not see your face, but I saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough.' ' At that, Kelly jumped up as if he was shot. ' Saddle up, for your life, Driscoll,' said he, ' and let us bo off. You'vo seen tho ghost of the trotting cob, and we're both dead men.' ' Well, we jumped on our horses, and by daybreak we had got as far as Broderip's Station ; and next night wo camped just where wo now aro ; but that very trip, Kelly was drowned in the Campaspe, and I broke two ribs and my collar bone. So I for one would sooner go a hundred miles round than camp again near the Black Swamp, and chance seeing tho ghost of the trotting cob.' When Driscoll had finished, the conversation naturally turned on apparitions, and ' Fisher's Ghost' was triumphantly quoted as an unanswerable argument in their favor ; but there woro still seve ral who laughed at tho idea of such things. At last a bullock-driver from the Sydney side said : ' Thero are ghosts, there's no denying ; and I'll tell you of one that hundreds heard about, and many of you know tho man who saw it, and you can ask himself ubout it. Many of you havo been up tho Murray towards Albury, and have passed Brown's station just abovo Quart Quart. Well, whon I was a Government-man, I was doing my time near Camden, and in those days Brown had a farm at tho Cow-pastures, closo to whore I was living. He had just settled down on the Murray with a few hundred head of cattle, mid stopped there five or six months, putting up huts and yards, and breaking in the cattle to the run ; so, when he thought everything was going on well, he started for down-country, intending to bring up more stock in a short time. He travelled on horse back, for there wero no mail-coaches to the Murray then, and, as ho pushed on pretty sharp, ho was very tired when he got to tho Myrtle Creek. Ho told Thomson, tho landlord, to call him early in tho morning, took his supper, and two or three glasses of rum, and then went to bed. Towards morning, something awoke him, and when he opened his eyes he saw his wife standing by the bedside. Before lie could speak to her she told him ' to get up,' and went out of tho room at once. Well, Brown was greatly surprised, of course, at seeing her at that placo, but he thought that she had come to meet him, so ho got up and dressed himsolf. When he wont down, ho looked in tho parlors ; but as ho could not see her, he began to call out her name. At last, tho noise ho made roused up the landlord, and he came and asked mo what the matter was. ' ' Why,' says Brown, ' I want my wife. She's come and waked me, and now she's hid herself.' ' ' You're dreaming, man,' cried the landlord. ' How can your wife be hero ? You know sho's at the Cow-pasture Farm.' ' ' What !' rejoined Brown ; ' do you mean to say that she did not come here since I went to bed?' ' ' Of course she didn't,' replied tho landlord, ' for I locked tho door when I went to bed, and the key is under my pillow.' ' With that Brown grow frightoned. ' Saddle my horso at onco,' said ho, ' for so sure as I'm a living man, my wife camo and spoke to mo to night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at homo.' With that, ho mounted aud galloped off. He rode till he knocked up his horse, and then ho borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that, before sunset, ho came close to the Cow-pasture Farm. As he galloped up, he could see thero was something unusual going on, for several horses wero fastened to tho posts of tho verandah, tho working-men were standing in groups at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers were lounging about near the stockyard. Brown jumped off his horse, and was going at once into his house, but ono of his neighbors camo out, and met him at the door. This gentleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could what had taken place. Now, boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants, but his wife was a tyrant, and while ho was at tho Murray, she had been stopping tho rations of the government men, aud sending them up to court. There was one man in particular she took a great dislike to ; lie could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning ho got his fifty lashes at the nearest court house. At last ho got desperate. He was chopping somo wood, when she came up to him, and after abusing him, said : ' I'll got you fifty more on Monday next.' ' I may get the fifty,' cried he, ' but you'll not live to know it ;' and with that he lifted the axo he had in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cow-pastures at tho yery hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle creek ; so you can see, boys, thero can be no doubt but ghosts do sometimes appear on earth.' ' ' Of course, there's no doubt at all about that,' said an old shepherd, who had just come up to tho camp, ' for I wa3 close to ono myself, and my niuto saw it quite plainly, and as it was a quare thing, I'll tell yez all about it. You that aro from the Sydney side must recollect the time when the fires were seen overy night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all tho people wont out to seo them, and the priest tried to lay tho spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, I'd been shepherding at Wargoola, near Car coar, and when the shearing was over I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Batlmrst to buy some things, and have a spree. Well, of course, 'in a few days I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I was just thinking of making a start I fell in with Eed Jack. He was an old mate of mine, and ho'd been down in town for some weeks, so yon may bo sure he had ' pockets to let.' He was looking for a job ; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd bo sure of employ ment, for they wanted some hands ou tho station. Jack said ' he was glad of the chance ;' so ho rolled up his blankets. I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Bathurst. Wo had been noblerising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when wo started ; so wo walked along very gaily, aud never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found wo wero coming on to King's Plains. Wo looked about for a good camping-place as wo walked on ; and just as it'giw dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to tho right, and then another, and another. ' Come on,' said Jack ; ' we're all right now ; there's somo overlauders there with cattlo, and we'll go down to their camp.' ?' 'With that we turned in off tho road, and wont towards tho nearest fire ; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We cooeed, but there was no answer ; so we pushed for tho next, thinking tho men might have shifted their camp. (Veil, when wo got to it, thero was no one there either ; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I had heard them speak ing of in Bathurst ; so I told Jack of it, and told him we'd better get away at once ; but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, wo lit our°pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece out of one of the bottles, and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and ho asked me if I was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off wo wont towards tho next fire ; and when we camo near it, wo could see some one moving about and piling on wood. ' Tbnre- your ghost for you,' says Jack. ' Hollo, mate, will you havo a glass ?' But tho figuro kept on at the lire, and made no answer. By this time we had got quite closo to the fire, and as it blazed up, wo saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he had no head on his shoulders —nothing but a blood stained stump of a neck, and vet he was going about quite con tentedly feeding the fire. I thought I'd have dropped, but Jack' said ' Come on, we'll grab him, ghost or no ghost.' Then he put the bottle to his mouth, and took a long drink ; I took another, and then Jack ran round tho firo ono way, and I ran another. As we got to tho other side, we could see tho Headless Shepherd standing between us. ? I havo you now,' cried Jack, and tried to lay hold of him. I did the same, but ho slipped through our fingers, and wo caught only one another, and down we fell ; and when we came to ourselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except tho wood ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went on to Wargoola ; but what became of the ghost I don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after.' This story started thedisputo about spirits afresh, for thero were some ' new chums ' present who had never read the Bathurst papers of the period, and they said that Einn was tho only spirit that Red Jack and his mato had seen on King's Plains. However, tho 'old hands' would not listen to this, and tho dispute began to grow furious. At last, Jim Ryan, an Irish native, roared out in a rage : ' It's my belief ye'ro no better than haytheiis ; and tho next thing you'll do will be to deny tho ' Cooee Hut ! ' ' This was evidontly considered a eonclusivo argument by all tho old bushmen, and their opponents were com pelled to confess their ignorance of tho Cooee Hut, and to ask for an account of it. For a short time, Jim Ryun refused to satisfy them, but at last he allowed himself to be persuaded. ' Tho hut wo call the Cooee or Mendering hut is out on the Yareko Creek, at the back of Goreo Run ; and tho way it got that name was this : At the time when the Billilong and Yareko were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. Ho was an emigrant, and had not been long in the colony, so they used to keep him about tho home station chopping wood and carting water, and helping up at the dnvughting-yards occa sionally. Well, it happened that ono of the shep herds had a row with the overseer, and ' got dis charged at onco ; so, as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. Tho hut is twenty-five miles back from Goreo ; so the overseer went out himself with Bill and the sheep, and then stopped a day with him, to show him the run. Bill had no hut keeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days ; but ono very hot day he must havo fallen asleep in the middle of the day, whon the sheep wero in camp, and did not awako until they were drawn out' He was, as I told you, anew chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so he wandered vaguely np and down, looking for the ilock, until he untilhe lost himself completely. The dusk was coming on,so ho began cob'oing till howas fairly worn out, aud then lay down to sleep. Next morning he started again, but he had got confused ; and you know tho Yareko country is very puzzling, for the sandhills and plains aro so much alike, it's very hard to tell ono from another. Well, poor Bill tried to travel by the sun ; but as ho kept following it, he went round and round, and at dusk was near the place he started from. He had no food, and could not find the creek, so he was d3Tiug of thirst, for it was burning hot weather. He cooeed again and again, till he fell exhausted, and thero he lay till morning. In the morning ho aroso and crawled a few yards, then down he sank, and thore he polished. Meanwhile, the sheep had gone to another out- station, ten miles further back, where they had been running formerly ; and as the feed was good, they stopped there very contentedly for seven or eight days, ivhon tho over seer happened to see thein, and of course he brought them in to tho home-station, and then went out to tell Bill White to come in himself. When ho got to the hut, he found tho ashes cold on the ho irth ; and he could seo that White had not beon in for some days ; so in a great fright he gallopped back to the home-station, and mustered all hands to go and look for Bill. He took two black trackers also ; aud, as I happened to bo passing, I went out. Well, it was near dusk when we got out to the hut, and of course we could do nothing that night, so wo hobbled the horses, and went into the hut. We woro just getting our suppers when wo heard a faint cooee, and then another and another. Of course, we answered at once, for we were in hopes that it was Bill White coming up ; but the sound came no nearer, though the cooeo was repeated every four or five minntes. Wo then thought that perhaps ho had been hurt, and could not walk, so several of us went ont to look for him, but we could see nothing of him, though the cooeeing still continued, aud apparently quite closo to us. In about an hour, it ceased suddenly, and wo went back to the hut greatly puzzled, and verv uneasy. In the morning at daylight we started, and tho blacks very soon found poor Bill's track ; it was by them that I was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they traced all his wanderings, pointed out where ho sat, and where he slept, and at last brought us to whore his body lay ; and, strange to relate, ho had died within less than a mile of his homo, but it was on a different sido to that on which he had been accustomed to take ont tho sheep. Wo buried him in an adjacent sandhill, where you may soo his grave fenced in ; but since that timo no ono will livo in that hut, for every evening from dusk till dark poor Bill Whito is heard cooeeing ; and plenty who never heard of tho story, and havo chanced to camp in tho neighborhood, havo heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, littlo thinking that it was tho spirit of Bill White wandering about the Cooee Hut.' When tho tale was ended, midnight had passod some timo ; and as wo had all to bo up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward river, there was a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and went off to thoir respective camps, while I, rolling myself up in my opossum rug, went off into dreamland, into a slum ber such as thoso who livo at home at ease can never hope to enjoy. — All the Year Bound. Notice to Selectors in Agricultural Areas. — The second year's rent in advance, on account of agricultural lands selectod under lease in 1862, will fall duo on and after tho 10th day of September next, and must be paid at tho Lantl Offices, where the selections were mads, within fifteen days from the commencement of tho second year of the term of lease. — Government Gazette. Singular Accident and Narrow Escape. — An accident of a BOinuwhat peculiar character happened in tho neighborhood of Mr Nuttall's garden, on tho road from M'Cnllam's Creek to Carisbrook, on Fri day last. At this place the creek is at all times dan gerous to cross, and especially so during the preva lence of wet weather. At tho time referred to, a horse and dray, occupied by two men and a woman, was attempting to cross, when the dray upset, pre cipitating the occupants into water considerably out of their depth. Swimming with tho men, and tho inflation of crinoline in the case of the woman, enabled all parties to reach a small island in the middle of the creek, where they remained until a number of persons had obtained a supply of ropo, when they were carefully drawn across the water to dry land. In the meantime, the dray and horse had been carried a considerable distance dou'ii (ho creek, and although the former was subsequently recovered, the latter was drowned before assistance could bo rendered. The creek was, of course, very much flooded, tho stream being very rapid at the time, and the drayman had attempted to cross at tlio wrong place— hence tho accident. — Talbot L:adfr, Septem ber 1. A very Narrow Escape from a fatal accident happened in Camp street, on Saturday. A man, evidently intoxicated, in charge of a horse and well loaded dray, fell down in front of the horso, and lay in that recumbent posture whilst tho animal stepped over him. Just as one of the wheels was coming in contact with his head, a boy seized the reins and stopped the horse, thereby preventing a collision, which, in all human probability, would have resulted in death. The man being rescued from his perilous position, which by the way pretty well sobered him, pursued his journey none the worso beyond a few scratches for what had occurred. — Tidbot Leader, September 1. The Want of Police Protection. — Numerous complaints have of lato been made of the want of police protection in the neighborhood of tho works connected with tho Ecliuca railway extension lino. We stated a few days ago that there was only ono constablo stationed at Huntly, where somo threo hundred men havo lately increased the population of that locality. Between thnt point and Eohuca there is no police station, and depredators — and within the last few weeks they have increased in number — are allowed to commit petty larcenies with impunity. This is a matter which requires tho im mediate attention of tlm head of the police depart^ ment, and we hope it will receive it. — Bendigo Ad vertiser, September 1. Curious Effects of a Hurricane. — Our readers will remember the lato gale which blew down so much property, at Sandhurst and Ciistlcniaini!, and which happily did but little damage at Kj'neton. Its traces may bo seen in' the bush, behind tho Black Hill, where a space extending for about two aud a half miles, and of between two and threo chains in width, has been cleared as effectually of trees, as if it had been for the pmposo of cle;iring a road. It presents quite a singular appearance, and a long avenue of cleared ground may now bo seen, where formerly the forest was quite irregular. Tho cleared space runs over what is known as tho Long Gully, and there may bo seen boughs of trees more than sufficient to fill a bullock dray, stretched a couple of hundred yards from the parent stem — Kyneton Guardian. Chinese Quarrel. — On Monday night two Chi nese, after indulging in the pleasures of opium at a storo on Pennyweight Flat, on returning homo wero tempted by the fragrance of a Chinese garden in the way, to scale the fence and obtain somo vege tables at the lowest rate. To this tbo proprietor objected, for, observing by the moonlight that his choice heads of celery were fast disappearing under their manipulation, he gave chaso after them, rather to his sorrow, for, on demanding admission into their tent, whither he had followed them, about a dozen issued out and submitted him to the process called by tho Chinese 'yuug show cho chuy;' that is to say, they commenced poking him with their fore fingers in the faco without much regard for tho nj'es. The vociferations of tho angry belligerents doubt less comprised some of tho ' choicest Billingsgate.' — M. A. Mail, September 2. Daylesford Cavalry Corps. — A movement under very favorable auspices has been commenced here for the formation of a Daylesford contingent to the Victorian Light Horse. We believe between fifty and sixty gentlemen have already signified their desire to enter the corps. On Monday, Messrs Wheeler and Trimble waited on Mr Daly to obtain his co-operation in the project, and the warden at once entered heartily into the proposal. By the re moval of a few trees, it is said that a splendid drill ground could be obtained at the New Racecourse. As the Treasurer has promised to give this district as favorable consideration aa any other up the country in which volunteer corps may hereafter be formed, we presume should a Daylesford contingent be organised, it will receive Government support. — Express. Silver Mining in Victoria. — Wo have this month the great satisfaction of recording practical results from tho St. Aruaud Silver Mines Associa tion. It may bo of interest to many of our readers to mention some of the principal metals and their several conditions, met with in tho lodes now being wrought by this company. Thoy aro : chloro bromido of silver, in crystals and concretions, and graphitic slate with infused chloro bromide of silver ; sulpnido of silver metallic gold, carbonate of coppor, oxido of manganese, iron pyrites, arsenical iron pyrites, dydrato of oxide of iron, and brown iron pyrites. The stuff now boiug crushed has given, in trials, at tho rate of fifty ounces of silver to tho ton, beside ono ounce of gold. In about a month from now tho proprietors anticipate, by crushing sixty tons weekly, to turn out a daily average of 500 oz of silver, besides an average of one ounce of gold to tho ton. Twonty-five tons crushed this week, with five head of stamps, and amalgamated in five barrels, have given 750 oz of amalgam from blanket sand alone. The nccn mulations in tho huddle and tho tailings have yet. to be treated for the silver. Tho company, by pur chase or otherwise, is in possession of three-quarters of a mile in length of tho reef. The St. Around United Company, to tho south, has struck a lodo of argentiferous galena with pyrites. This lode is nine feet thick, and tho silver lead oro runs in a band through it. In this same property, metallic coppor has also been met with, in thu form of red oxido, and occasionally ruby copper. These discoveries are significant aud very encouraging — Milling lie cord. The Eailway Meeting held last Monday at Goulburn was attended by 250 persons, the mayor in the chair, and was a great success. The petition praying for tho extension of the lino from Goulburn to Albury, and representing that this line presented no engineering difficulties, and was tho shortest routo to Melbourne by several hundred miles, W03 adopted. A resolution for opening a subscription list was respouded to by tho mayor, Mr C. H. Walsh, Mr J. Bull, Messrs. Emauuel, Mr Hovell, and Mr Maudelson putting down thoir names for £100 each. It was understood that tho money was to bo expended in securing tho return of candidates for Parliament who would pledge themselves to advocate railway extension ; also, in sending deputations throughout tho length and breadth of tho southern districts, to stir up tho residents in tho various towns ; also, in obtaining statistics and other information by means of paid agents, and in various other ways calculated to effect the required object. Tho progress committoe ro ported tho stepB taken by them to further tho agita tion, aud four now names were added to tho com mittee. The remaining business reforred chiefly to getting an alteration in the site chosen by tho Go vernment for tho station at Goulburn, it being ont side tho town, and in other waj'S objectionable. — Federal Standard, August 31. The Sultan's Carte de Visite. — On 22nd May, a monster petition, covered with some 25,000 signa tures, was presontod to tho Sultan at tho Sweet Waters, by a deputation of sixty persons, repre senting nearly every section of the native population of tho capital, praying his Majesty to sit for his photographic portrait, that copies of it might be had for circulation all over tho empire. The deputation was received with considerable ceremony, yot with great affability, by his Majesty, at the entrance to the Imperial kiosk, in front of which tho huge cylin der of thick papor, mounted on linon and profusely illuminated, was unrolled, aud its prayer read by on attendant secretary. Along with it was presented a short adjoint petition, engrossed on parchment, from the members of tho Corps Diplomatique, adding their solicitation to that of the native crowd for a sitting in the universal interest to ' Abdullah.' After hearing both documents read, his Majesty graciously intimated his readiness to comply with the wish of the petitioners. Cartes of Sultan Abdul Aziz will therefore, in a few days, bo as plentiful as those of tho most popular ' subject' of the day. Shade of Othman, but we live in advancing times ! —Levant Herald. Annual Eeport on Education. — Tho Privy Council Committeo on Education have issued their report for tho year 1802-3. It states that during the year thero havo been visited by the inspectors 10,918 daily schools, in which thoro were 1,057,426 children. Tho female schools aro 4-1.78 per cent, of the whole number ; it was identically tho same in I860. Tho per-centago of females upon the wholo population over 3 and under 15 years of ago in 1851 was 49.7. In 40 training- colleges visited thero wero 2972 students. The cost to tho public, in 18C2, for tho maintenance of these training schools, was £104,700. It will be greater in 18C3, for tho number of students has been increased by 332\. In comparing the expenditure of 1862 with. that of 1861, for all purposes, there is a decrease of £38,698. From returns received by the council it appears that 153,816 persons subscribed to tho sup port of schools receiving annual grants, and they contributed £287,411 ; but to this should bo added auras obtained ' from other sources,' volantary con tributions, swelling the. amount to £-100,000. 