To the Editor of the Herald. SIR,-In your issue of this day I find it reported under the head of Police, that Patrick Jones, brought before the Bench of Magistrates in the Central Police Office (he having been found lying in the Police Court yard) stated that he had been turned out of the Infirmary, for what reason he did not know and that an order for his admission to the Asylum was forwarded yesterday and! refused. I beg to state that the statements are not strictly correct. 1st. The man had not been in the Infirmary, but was discharged from Darlinghurst gaol on the 12th instant. 2nd. He was not refused admission to the Government Asylum, but the policeman who brought the recommenda- tion at 2 p.m., was told by the Secretary, that if he brought the man upon the next board day-Friday, 16th instant, the recommendation would be considered by the Board of Management. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. J. L. APPLEWHAITE, Masters Hyde Park Asylum, Hyde Park Asylum, 14th January. ILLUSIONS On this interesting topic we find the following remarks in the British Quarterly Review. The writer says: Illusions may arise either from disorder of the senses, or from an error of judgment upon data correctly derived from their evidence. Thus a person may see double, or see only the half of an object ; or he may see that object distorted, or variously coloured, or modified in an infinity of ways -a most prolific source of ghost seeing. This chiefly occurs under the influence of a predominant train of thought, an absorbing emotion, or an excited state of the imagination. One illustration will serve as the type of the whole ; it is related by Dr. Fenner in his " Theory of Apparitions : " A gentleman was be- nighted, whilst travelling alone, in a remote part of the Highlands of Scotland, and was compelled to ask shelter for the evening at a small lonely hut. Where he was to be conducted to his bedroom, the landlady observed, with mysterious reluctance, that he would find the window very insecure. On examination, he found that part of the wall had been broken down to enlarge the opening. After some inquiry he was told that a pedlar, who had lodged in the same re om a short time before, had committed suicide, and was found hanging behind the door in the morning. According to the superstition of the country, it was deemed improper to remove the body by the door of the house, and to convey it through the window was impossible, without removing part of the wall. Some hints were dropped that the room had been subsequently haunted by the poor man's spirit. My friend laid his arm?, properly prepared against intrusion of any kind, by his bedside, and retired to rest not without some degree of apprehension. He was visited in a dream by a frightful apparition, and awaking in agony, found himself sitting up in bed, with a pistol grasped in his right hand. On casting a fearful glance round the room, he discovered by the moon- light, a corpse dressed in a shroud, reared against the wall, close to the window. With much difficulty be summoned up resolution to approach the dismal object, the features of which and the minutest parts of its funeral apparel, he perceived distinctly. He passed one hand over it, felt nothing, and staggered back to bed. After a long interval and much reasoning with himself, he renewed his investigation, and at length discovered that the object of his terror was produced by the moonbeams forming a long bright image through the window, on which his fancy, impressed by his dream, had pictured, with mischievous accuracy, the lineaments of a body prepared for interment. Powerful associations of terror, in this instance, had excited the recollected images with uncommon force and effect." illusions of the senses' are common in our appreciation of form, distinct, colour, and motion, and also form a lack of comprehension of the physical powers of nature, in the production of images of distant object.. A stick in water appears bent or broken j the square tower at a distance looks round ; distant objects appear to move, when we ourselves only are in motion ; the heavenly bodies appear to revolve round the earth. All our reader, will also be familiar with the Spectre of the Brocken, the Fata Morgana, and the Mirage; all of which were long supposed to have a supernatural origin, until they were shown to be due to the ordinary laws of light and atmospheric influences. All these allusion, are e_sily>ectified by the judgment, and are transitory in the sane mind. Amongst the insane, mistakes of one person for another, and illusion! of the most varied and perverse character, are the most constant and durable Symptoms of the mental disorder, 