AMERICA. (From the Home Kcws.} Fou the last few weeks the interest felt in England in the news from America has been concentrated upon tho elec tions in the various Northern Steles, the isBue of whioh, it was judged, might be of more importance than that of any militaiy battle that waB likely to be fought. We now know tbe general result of these contests. In the State of New \crk tbe Democratic or (as it is now pretty trequcntly termed) Ibe Conservative parly bave obtained a great success. They had a clear majority of 32,000 in the city of New York, of 80G0inBrookhn, and of nearly 10,000 in the State. The Congressmen elected in tho Empire Stato are soventeen Democrats to fourteen Republicans ; the Assemblymen are forty-two Democrats to twenty-four Republicans, and in a few weeks Ihe administration of the State, with a real power second only to that of the President himself, will pass intothehar.de ot Mr. Horatio Seymour, a leading Demo crat and opponent of the Washington Cabinet. In New Jency, a Democratic governor and four Democratic mem bers of Congress to one Republican have been elected. But it is in tbe West that the issue of the contest is most reruatkable. These Western people are strongly at tached to Ihe Union and have supported Mr. Linooln with their votes and— with what is more important thousands of breve men since, tbe war began. Nevertheless, in Ohio there has been a Democratio victory ; in Illinois, President Lincoln's own State, and the chief reoruiting ground of the war, there are six Democrats to five Re publicans tlected ; in Indiana there are seven Democrats to four of their opponents ; and in Wisconsin two Democrats to three Republicans. AH these districts were two years ago almost unanimous for Lincoln. The ll'orld, tuo Democrat organ, indicates the policy of its party in regard to slavery. The President must, it seye, in his forthcoming message submit to the will of the people. If he does not, New Yotk, Pennsylvania, and tho Western States will all pBss laws forbidding negroes to enter their States, and eo render it impossible for them to come North. Once retained in the South, they will be at the disposal of tbeir masters, who have an organised mili tary power. On the other hand, the Tribune affirms that the President will not yield, that the negroes are perfectly aware of his order, and that on the 1st of January every slave will simply throw down his hoe. The Times of November 22nd thus refers to the results of Ihe elect ions: — 'The Conservative victory is complete, and the other paity docs not attempt to deny it. Our correspondent says that the Democratic majority in tbe new House of Repre sentatives will be from 11 to 20. This being the fact, the next question is as to the effect which the change will bave en Ihe policy of the President. It appears that he is quite sensible of the condemnation which his measures have received. Although the new Congress will not meet till December, 1863, unless specially Eurnmoned, and although the present Republican House cf Representatives will exist till March, and must in the course of things vote supplies and legislate on all mat ters connected with tbe war for a year or sixteen months to come, yet Ibe blow to tbe authority of his Administration is cot the leas felt, Ab to the immediate results of the elec tions we cen venture on no prediction. We can, however, already discern from the tone of the Republican press how that patty has resolved on treating the vic tory of its opponents. After denouncing the Democrats for wteks, and declaring that the eleo titn of Seymour and the Woods would be a base com promise with the negro drivers and a truckling to England, the Republicans now effect to regard the popnlar vote as merely a censure on military blunders of the Cabinet and its generals. They pretend to think that it is not a con demnation of Mr. Lincoln's servile war and Mr. Stanton's ill) gal erreEts which is involved in the election of an Oppo sition Congress, but that the event is similar to the out break of popular feeling in England which overthrew Lord Aberdeen's cabinet in 1855. Anxious to lessen the im portance of their defeat, the Republicans now copy the tiick ol Mr. Seward in replying to England on the Trent affair, and say that the Democrats assert exactly their own opinions-, — that tbo military administration has Inn defective, and that the war must new be carried on more vigorously tbsntvir. As the Conservative leaders, to insure their own safety and not to alienate any of their supporters, have made use ot similar language during their electioneering, it follows that no sudden cbange in the Federal polioy cm be anticipated. Tbe Conservatives must feel their way, and cot liiiug buck popular favour to their opponents by any in cautious denunciation of tbe national acts. Enough for us at present is it to know that the worst of Mr. Lincoln's mea mics have been condemned, and will probably be aban doned. The Conservative victory will prevent the great crime of stirring up Ihe negro race to insurrection, and it will intuie personal liberty and free discussion at the North. Fcr the net we must trust to the growing knowledge and the awakened cocscitnce of the country. There appears to have been a kind of Saturnalia of free discussion in the Northern States of America during the (xciUme&lcf; the elections. In the midst of endlesB re ports of ibe speeches of Genet al Wadsworth and his friends, ar.d tbe counter harangues of Mr. Horatio Seymour and his supporterr, of public meetings, torchlight processions, placarce, rival election crieB, scurrilous caricatures, &c;, we olserve in various quarters the most open denunciation of Pretidi nt Lincoln and bis Government. To quote an ex trcct ftoni a recent letter of the New York correspondent of tbe Timct ?— Tho War Secretary, having nearly filled Forte Warren, J.oj favctle, Delaware, and M'fienry with political piitcxtrc, Las taken a siesta, and allowed a little liberty of speech to the few impatient spiiite who yet vindicate their claim to an Anglo-Saxon origin by grumbling at the errors and misdeeds of men hi power. The Rev. Henry Ward Bccchcr, an ullra-Abolitionist, has declared 'teat the country is gcirg towaids disunion and despotism, because one of the most honest men who ever held the Presidential chair is not a man of affaire;' .'that there has been a waste aLd slaughter of men in M'Clellan's and Pope's battles that the government has never cared to estimate, and will never dare to publish ;' ' that M-Clellan suffers from fatal, hepeless, and ineradicable timidity, and is nioie pained to have one man shot than to have a thousand rot in the hospitals ; ' aud that there ' is a deep, widespread, and increasing discontent with this weak and helpless administration.' And Mr. Stanton sleeps, and mokes no sign to tho provost-marshal. On the other side, Mr. Fernando Wood— an ultra-Democrat— has had the courage to say that, if the President will not inaugurate a change of measures, the country will insist on a change of men; that 'some second Napoleon will sit in the White House and dictate terms to the country;' that, for his part, 'if he is to live under a tyrant, he prefers an able and bold tyrsnt to a mean and petty despotism, such as that at piesent existing ' ; and, finally, ' that he does not believe it is possible to conquer the South by military Irinmphe — but that the South will come back to the Union under Democratic and Conservative administration.' Mr. Elijah Furdy, a prominent member of tbe same party, and known as the ' War-hone of the Democracy,' exhorts his friends at Tammany-hall to do their duty at the polls ' by putting out the vagabonds who have got temporary posses sion of the Government.' And still Mr. Stauton makes no sign, end the provost-marshal moves no finger to point towards Fort Lafayette.' The most important fact in tho military news of tha month is that General M'Clellan has been removed from the command of the army of the Potomac, and has virtually retired from active service. This displacement is officially exulained as the reBult of an enquiry into a charge against Ihe General of disobedience cf orders. On the 6th of Octo ber General Halleck, as commander -in-chief, ordered M'Clellan to advance against the enemy and give him battle. M'Clellan disobeyed the order, alleging that he was short of supplies. This statement, General Halleck says, could not be true, as all M'Clellan's requisitions had been promptly supplied. The Harper's Ferry investigation com mittee had also censured the removed general for the tardi ness with which he pursued the enemy. Thereis, how ever, no doubt thatjpolilical considerations have had their weight hi bringing about M'Clellan's dismissal. ' Had M'Clellan been a mere professional soldier,' says tbe Daily Kcms, ' no one would have inquired what his political opinions were ; but he never profeBsed to be so. It was well known what ho thought of the anti-slavery polioy of the Government, and that he disapproved of it. But the present war parUkeB largely of the charaotor of a war of opinion. And it is approaching, if it has not entered, a critical stage. Heretofore the Republicans have con ducted the war much as tho Democrats might have conducted it. But as the term fixed for (xccutiin of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation draws near, Ihe period of neutrality is pasoina away. It would suiely been an act of weakness of the President and his Cabinet to leave the chief conduct of the war in the hands of a politician who believed that tho mothod pre scribed to him as a general was erroneous).' The following is General M'Cltilan'e farewell address to theaimy:— ' Officers and Soldiers of the Army of tbe Potomac,— An order of tbe Frcsid ent devolves upon' Major-General Burn Bide the command of this army. Ib parting with you I cannot cxpreBB tho love and gratitude I beu to you. As an aimy you have grown up under ray owe. In you 1 have sever fraud doubt or coldness. The battles you have fought unde j- my command will proudly live in our nation's history. n^ho glory you have achieved — our mutual perils and fatig' jee, the graves of our comrades fallen in battle and by disease, the broken forms of those whom wounds and slck nesB 'nave disabled, the strongest associations which can oxir;t among men, unite us still by an Indissoluble tie. We shall evor be comrades in supporting tho omstitution of our country and tbe nationality of Its people. ' 'G B. M'C^ellaNi Msjor-Gencral, O. S. Army,' General M'Clellan arrived at Baltimore on the evening of the 11th November, on his way to Philadelphia, whenoe he was to proceed to Trenton, New Jersey. At tho last named town great preparations were being made to receive him. NeturnUr the dismissal of M'Clellan has create:! great exoitement. The Republican press uphold the action, while the Demomtio papers speak of it as likely to be of important service to the Confederates. At a Union De mocratio Association meeting John Van Buren announced that he should support the nomination of M'Clellan as tho Democratic candidate for the next Presidency. General Burnside, who is appointed to tho command of the army of the Potomac, has issued an address in whioh he expresses confidence in tho patriotism of tho army, That immediate action waB intended waB evidenced by the fact tbot General Ballcok had ordered all officers of tha army Potomao to join their rrgimtnte within twenty-four hours under pain of dismissal- As a victory of some kind is above all thines necessary to uphold tbe impaired power of ~ Ihe government, it is probable that General Burnside will be commanded to attack Ihe Confederates. General Lee has, It is said, evaded Ihe Federals, so as to avoid fighting in the Shenandoah Valley, and his forces are posted at Gordonsville, whilst General Longslrcet's command is at Culpepper in order to pi event tho Federals getting between the main army and Richmond. It is in this district, therefore, that a battle rjiiy be expeoled. G i rural Beauregard is preparing to defend Charlestown to tbe IhsI extremity ; and has ordered ail slaves and non couibalauls to leave tbt city. lie Southern accounts of the late battle at Ferryaville, Kentucky, differ from the Northern reports in claiming tbe victory, and the capture of 9000 Federal prisoners during the battle. In the West, the fighting appears still to be no niarer n decisive termination. Tbe Federal General, Buell, has been relieved of his command. He is succeeded by General Roeencrasz, The Northern papers are greatly dated by tho tactics lately adopted by General Butler, at Now Orleans, against his feminine tormentors. Butler's plan was this. By pro clamation, he required every person in the city to register himself or herself as cither a friend or an enemy to the United States. The ladies, it might havo been supposed, would have had no difficulty about going to the City-hall and ro gisleriDg hatred to the Lincoln Government. But Butler's proclamation was not so caBily answered. The cunning General required that they who registered tb.em3elve.fl as enemies should at the same time register every item of their private property ; and no article could be sued for, or fold, or ecjpyed in any way which waB not regularly re gitteicd. This completely altered the case, for General Butler, while be required this inventory, pointed signifi cantly to tbe Act of Confiscation, and intimated that the inventory wob for his convenience in future proceedings towards carrying the Confiscation Act into effect. One of tbo Northern journals gives a vivid picture of the astonishment of a certain 'little Frenchman,' who finds his balance at his banker's stopped, and his cheque refused, because he had not got his certificate, The same writer is unbounded in his expression of contempt and diBgust at another 'miserable -wretch,' wh'i, having no pro t^erly at all, boldly went alcne to tho City Hall and registered himself as an enemy to the United States. The great triumph, however, is over the women. To register all their clothes, and trinkets, and smart little equipages, tbeir black lady's-maid, and their little balance of pocket money in the bank, and perhaps their heap of cotton bales and all in order that ' that fright Butler' might toss it into his voracious maw, was not to be thought of. The women eeem to have said 'better take a hundred enforced and unbinding oathB than be thus swindled and plun dered.' Tbe result was the women all went up and regis tered themselves as friends of Lincoln and Butler, and took the oath of allegiance. The correspondent of the Kew York Times declares tbe scene to have been worthy of study, He writes til us : ' The belle andtbe half-starved seamstress, the dewager with her queenly daughters, and the shrinking women who hopelessly toil for a living, the swarthy Creole, the pale New Englander, end the paler- faced octoroon, were mingled in the crowd.' He thinks that it was ' evident that many took the oath under a degree of excite ment that would be hard to understand by persons who bave not lived in New Orleans. It was a bitter draught to ewallow that oath,'partioularly by wemen, many externally beautiful, who had rendered themselves locally famous for their denunciation of the national government, and by their openly-expressed contempt for the national soldiers. It was no pleasant position,' be most truly Bays, 'for such a young lady, after all her pretests and vehement declarations of eternal bate, to stand up on tbe Lyceum stage, and before a thousand people hold up her small jewelled hand, and, pale with confusion and indignation, swear to support the constitution her father, and probably her brother and cousin, had been teaching her for years to contemn and despise.' There are anecdotes also told how different scornful beauties underwent the humiliation. 'One young miss, as she passed eut of the hall, observed to her friend, ' Well, really it ain't much after all, is it, Clotilde :' One tall lady in black— BWidow, I presume, of rather the tragic- queen style, descended the marble eteps, staring most earnestly on the contents of the certificate. She seemed as if she would annihilate it with ber gaze. I suspect she has loBt a busbarid on the battlefields of the Potomac. She must possess property iu New Orleans. Her struggle te save her wealth from confiscation, and her hate for the Government that Lad, as sto suppesed, robed her in weeds, made, most likely, the letters on that 'certificate' bum her eyes as fire.' 1 he pame correspondent proceeds :— ' As a contrast Io thie, anclber widow came, and tripped away with the flippant remark to her companion, ' Upon my word, this affairs bas caused me more emotion than when I stood up to be warned.'' What punishment was inflicted upon this pert widow ie not told. 1 be l'liiladelphia Inquirer has also an interesting account of General StaartV late dashing raid into Maryland : — ' 1 be cavalry, about 3000 in number (although accounts differ as to Ihtir strength, eome parties insisting there was not more than 700 of them), and six pieces of artillery, crossed the Potomac at Hancock or Clear Spring on Friday morn ing, and proceeded at once to Mercersburg without com mitting any depredations, or in the least degree interfering with Ibe inhabitants along the route, it evidently being their Intention at the outset to spare the persons and pro perty of ptivate citizens, horses excepted ; in fact, this was renmunicated by some of them to parties at Chambersburg. 'J hey entered Mercersburg about noon, to the great astonishment of the citizens, who at first thought it was a body of Union troops. No damage was done at M ercersburg, with the exception of pressing a number of horses, there being no railroad depot, public workshops, or Government stores in tbe town. They passed through the town, and took the Fitteburg pike for Chambersburg, arriving near the town just before dark. One of their first acts was to plant three pieces of artillery on a hill back of the town, after whioh a detachment of fifteen men were sent into the town, bearing a flag of truoe and requesting t« see tbe chief personages or authorities, Btating that they hed en ample force at hand, and that the town must be surrendered or shelled, at the same time itaticg that guns were in position for that purpose. Hen. A. K. M'Clure and Provost-Marshal Stimmel then accompanied them to Ibe officer in command, and, all resistance being impossible, tbe town was surrendered and Boon after fully occupied. Previous to their entrance, however, a number of the militia ef Chambersburg proceeded to arm themselves and make a show of resistance, but the project was abandoned as entirely futile. One of tbeir first acts on enter ing wss to plant two pieces of artillery in the square of the town commanding the principal thoroughfares, and placing guards at different points. The town was fairly occupied about seven o'clock in the evening. Shortly after wards a large portion of them made directly for the ware house and cars, in which were stored a great quantity of government goods, consisting principally of uniforms and a small quantity of boots. Not long afterwards . the whole town was converted into one vast dressing-room. On every hotel porch, at every corner, on the greater portion of street doorsteps — in fact, all over the town, uiight.be seen rebel cavalry donning Yankee uniforms and throwing their own worn-out and faded garments into the street. In many instances one man would enscozioe his pedestals into two or three new pairs of pants, as many coats, and with the same number of caps hanging about him. The streets became full of dirty rebel clothing. It is a noticeable foot that many of them had on Union uniforms when they entered the town, and a number of their horses were marked ' U.S.' Daring the night, until daybreak, a portion of them scoured the country round in quest of horses, and captured about 600. Ten of them belonged to the Hon. A. K. M'Clure, and were fine animals. Among the horses taken was a celebrated black stallion, owned by eome gentlemen in Chambersburg, and valued at 1200 dollars. It is a very large and fine animal, and had quite a reputation in the surrounding country. The rebels fed their horses at the corn-fields around Cbambersburg. The road for five or six miles towards Harrieberg is strewn with oom-Btalks that were gathered in the fields end brought to the edge of the road for the horses. The horses of those that re mained in the town were ranged along the streets, facing the sidewalks and remained there for the night, the riders lying around in different directions. It is not known that they made any attempt to enter a single private house. The taverns were all visited directly after they arrived and a considerable quantity of whisky punished, for whioh pay nentwas generally proffered in Confederate scrip. The men were, as a general thing, friendly and even socially dis posed towards tho inhabitants, entering into conversation with the citizens in the taverns, barber shops, &c.; In ono instance- one 'of them entered a tavern in which were eever&l; citizens, and Btfchtiy hesitated at the door. Some one remarked, ' Come in, we won't hurt you,' whereupon he entered remarking, _' Well, perhaps not ; but some of you Vankees lie so.' With the exception of the occurrences above re lated, tho night was quietly spent. Preparations for leav ing the town were commenced about daylight. Combustibles were placed in the railroad depot, the warehouse in whioh Government stores were kept, and the machine shop, and a train laid to the powder magasine at the warehouse. The stolen horseB were got together, a large Government waggon with four horses and two or three ambulanoes found in the town were well filled with military clothing, &o;,, and each cavalry man had a quantity of clothing pilod up before and behind him, on hie horse, in many instances the pile reaching up to his chin, Three locomotives and the same number of passenger cars belonging to the Cumber and Valley Railroad were then utterly destroyed ; the buildings stated above were fired and totally consumed. They waited long onoueh to see that the destruction would be complete, and at 8 o'clock in the morning the whole parly loft the town, each man and horse a small-sized clothing establishment. The noieo oooasloned by the ex plosion of the powder magazine was so great that it wa heard at (he distance of Bevcral miles down the valley, and j] gave use to a report, that spread in that direction, thatow- j nonading waB going on atJChamhereburg. The walls of the ij warehouse, befrg very strong, did not fall down after the exploBicn, which fortunate circumstance prevented muoh -: domBge to surrounding private property. None of the pri- 1 Vfttc dwellings were destroyed by the fire. The buildmgfl j were fired about half-past 7 o'clock. The citizens of tbe town were gathered together ot different points', and, of course, had I to endure tbe mortification of being passive spectators of the scene. Eome few straggling soldiers were in tbe town at I the time the rebels entered, but either remained concealed !| or made good their escape towards Hagentovn or Harris burg. After leaving town, the rebels pjoceedei down lha Baltimore Road In tbe direction of Gettysburg. About Ikitty of Ihe rebels are reported to bave been captured by Ike 1st Maine and ether cavalry re-gimente as they were croFfirg tbe Potomac into Virginia, at Nolan's Ford. The icbcls all rode the sleekest kind of horses, evidently Btolen from Pennsylvania!! farmers. It is stateu that they had in their possession tome 680 captured horses, upon whose backs were strapped all the valuables they had secured,' We hear that in the Federal cities almost every mauu- I fuctured article and exotic that men and women require iu a civilised country is rapidly increasing iu price. House rent, gap, coal, and wood have gone up from 20 to 40 per cent. Coffee haB trebled, and tea almost doubled in value, as represented by paper. ' Male and female apparel,' says a recent letter from New Tork, ' has reached suoh an alarming price (bat in a few months none but the rioh will be able to pay tailors' or milliners' bills, unless tbe profits of trade, Ibe salaries of officials, and the wages of labour chare in the general inflation. A coat that in London weuld c-tt three guineas, or four at the utmost, costs from 40 to 50 dollars in New York ; and a silk dress that the most fashionable mercer in Regent-street would be glad to dispose of for six or seven guineas is priced in Broadway at 100 dollars. A portion of this rise fa consequent npon the quasi-prohibitory tariff, but it is the premium on gold that csuecb the principal enhancement. If unchecked by a re turn of public confidence, the premium will shortly reduce trade with foreign countries to a minimum or destroy it altogether. New York and all tho North have been in ths habit of making merry with what they call the 'dilapidated' condition of the wearing apparel of Confederate soldiers ; bnt the day seems to be approaching when the word ' dila pidation ' will describe in better English the condition of many a once-crf wded mart of industry and emporium of commerce in the Federal States, unless trade can be re stored to its ancient channels, and the war brought to a satisfactory termination.' The Richmond Despatch of the 27th September acknow ledges that the negroes desert in masse* to the North when ever they have tbe chauce given them by the approach of a Tackeo arn-y, rebukes the Southern planters for even breaming that they could withstand b» great a temptation, and demands a law to remove them into the interior beyond the reach of the Northern ormieB. The correspondent of the Daily Keivs gives us, on his personal knowledge, a curious story of a regiment of Con necticut recruits engaged at the battle of Antietam. They had joined only three or fear days before the battle, and were wholly undrilled, officers and men alike — the only militaiy man being the colonel. The three days was spent in teaching them to load and fire, and there was no time to teach tbem more. On tbe fourth day they were engaged, and held tbeir;ground in line manfully, till outflanked by an over whelming force of the enemy. An order was then sent to tbe colonel to withdraw them, and he was obliged to reply that neither men nor officers could execute any move ment whatever, and he could ' only stay where he was or run away ;' and therehe6tayed,'themen neverninoh ing under a murderous fire' till another corps relieved them, when half their number, including their colonel, were stretched on the field. In Missouri a terrible incident has taken place. General M'Neil has caused ten Confederate prisoners of war to be shot at Palmyra. I he cause of the tragedy and the par ticulars of the execution are given by the Palmyra (Mis souri) Courier ? — 'When the rebels entered Polmjra an old resident of ths piece, Andrew Allsmau by name, mysteriously disappeared, and it was supposed be was murdered. When General M,Nril returned to Palmyra, after that event, and ascer tained the circumstances under which Allsmau had been abducted, he caused to be issued a notice that if the missing man wss not returned within ten days he would retaliate upon the rebel prisoners in his hands. The ten days elapsed, and no tidings came of the man. The tenth day expired with last Friday. On that day ten rebel prisoners, already in custody, were selected to pay, with their lives, (he penalty demanded. Te names of tbe men eo (elected are as follows :— Willis Baker, Thomas Hum Eton, Morgan Bivler, and John Y. M'Pheeters, Lewis county ; Herbert Hutson, John M. Wade, and Marion Lair, Rails county; Captain Thomas A. Sidner, Monroe county; Eleazer Lake, Scotland county; Hiram Smith, Knox county. These parties were informed on Friday evening that, unless Mr. Alleman was returned to hia family by one o'clock on the following day, they would ellba shot at that bonr. Most of them received the announce ment with composure or indifference. The Rev. James S. Green, of this city, remained with them during that night as their spiritual adviser, endeavouring to prepare them for their sudden entrance iuto the presence of their Maker. A little after twelve o'clock at neon the next day three government wnggonB drove to the gaol. One contained four, and each ot tbe others three rough board coffins. The condemned men were conducted from the prison, and seated in tbe waggons— one upon each coffin. A sufficient guard of soldiers accompanied them, and the cavaloade started fnr the fatal ground. Proceeding east to Main etreet, the cortege turned, and moved slowly south ward as far as Malone's livery stable. Thenoa, turning east, it entered the Hannibal-road, pur suing it to the residence of Colonel James Culbertson. There throwing down tbe fences, they turned northward, entering tbe Fair Grounds (balt-a mile east ef the town) on the wett side, and, driving within the circular amphi theatrical ring, paused for the final consummation of the scene. The ten coffins were removed from the waggons end. placed in a row, six or eight feet apart, formine a Una north and south about fifteen paces east of the central . pagoda or music stand in the centre of the ring. Eaoh ctffin was placed upon the ground, with its foot west and. head east. Thirty soldiers of the 2nd M.S.M. were drawn up in single line, extending, north and south, facing the row of coffins. Thie lino of executioners raa imme diate!} at the east base of the pagoda, leaving a space be tween them and the coffins of twelve or thirteen paces. Reserves were drawn up in line upon either flink of these executioners. The arrangements completed, the doomed men knelt upen the grass between (heir coffins and the. soldiers, while the Rev. K. M. Rhoades offered up a prayer. At the conclusion of this each prisoner took his seat upon, tbe foot of bis ^cfiin, facing the muskete which in a tew minutes were to launch them into eternity. They were ? nearly all firm and undaunted. Two or three only showed signs of trepidation. Tbe most noted of the ten was Cap tain Thomas A. Sidner, of Monroe county. Ha was nov elegantly attired in a suit of black broadcloth, with a white vest, A. luxuriant growth of beautiful hair rolled down, npon his shoulders. There was nothing especially, worthy of note in the appearance of the others. On» of them, Willis Baker, of Lewis count?, was proved to be a man who last year shot and Killed Mr. Bzekiel Pratte, bis Union neighbour, near WilliamBtone, in that county. All the others wese rebels of lesser note. A few minutes, after 1 o'clock Colonel Straohon, provost- marshal-general,. . and the Rev. Mr. Rhoades shook hands with the prisoners... Two of thorn then accepted bandages ; all the ethers re- . fused. 100 spectators had gathered around the. amphi theatre to witness the impressive scene. The stillness oE death pervaded the place. The officer in command, now i stepped forward and gave (he word of command — 'Ready 5 Aim ! Fire ! ' The discharges, however, wero not made* simultineouely, probably through want of a perfect pre vious understanding of the orders and of the time at whiqft to fire. Two of the rebels fell backwards upon, tiuii . coffins and died instantly. Captain Sidner sprang forwarf / and fell with his head towards the soldiers, his face «- ,. wards, his hands clasped upon his breast, and the left ) |L drawn half way up, He did not move again, but died irar ne. diately. He had reqnestedhis soldiers to aim at his heui, J!* they obeyed hut too implicitly. The other seven wv .^t killed outright ; so the reserves were called ia, Bb' despatched them with their revolvers. The lifeless, ir J2l^ were then placed in the coffins, the lids, upon wi ;-\, jtZ name oi each man was written, were screwed on, *I J jT' direful procession returned to town bv the samar ,nta th»t it pursued in going. Friends claimed and touV ™or.J the corpses. Three were buried by the military I- a' ^pub lic cemetery. The tragedy was over.' p At New York the exploits of the Coafede- ,te steamer Alabama are the theme of every tongue. At .^pS^r the Chamber ef Commerce onthe6thNov 'Sri. liter was read from Mr. Seward, Btating that ths ? iSSd-SST tion of American vessels by « pirates ' w) ,?££ ' *!?ont from the shores of a frienSly natior a°i?d^ftSS of (he restrictions imposed by nro ^.,'n, „ aw°S aB international laws, had been oommeo- /S fv theauSo rily of the President, to the attentior „* 'Z Amori^ minister in London. In the disoussior *w m-ued on Hut reading of the document many of the ? AiSkmfMmmfaA to show that the British Government - ^resnonsffior thS misdeeds of the Alabama, and won' /£ Sffta amonntlS the day of wrath that iTpreparinf / g™ IJwWH?iuS expressed, that if Captain Serauir i'mmtfb5?-XSri$ ffectuTmet6. %%S& & -^£™j£ **? \ IheWest : India station to Admiral Milne, in command on vessels AlTwonofhU,C' *i*»«»pwrfi. of twenty American fffvina- bonds for 86 emJwer« saved from destruction on fAededaratir -OOO do«ars, payable to President Davis j _. -^ _ . Jll Oi pCBOQi _| little inriuT^T /igT? Poni3ent of tte 2-'-«« mentlona a the famous -&? JZ^J16 wa9 ,B eP£otator Bt t«' camp of j how little thf ??¥*} B.riga, A f or the Purpose of Jshowing | an BghSng {oJ' ta the FedBria i™? k-°w what they I b'hWp^^ 'B,a S1*'4 oJioufiHg from the oentre of (ie camp, Freooh /iT?1^'^' what WM solng on. He replied in J »a«™ ttatte did not understand. Getting Into oonror- .-^ nn« r , ?ith Wm in his own language, I learnt that he was ] P*™ r £ «ve sailors from Havre who had enlisted for tho ''' jity money on the previous day, and that none of them. «-'.uld speak a word of ' American.' His own Idea was that ;l ^ the war in which he was to tako part wm betvreou tb.a '{ I ? Americans' and the ' Mexicans.1 ha regard* the shout ing in tbe camp, be eaid that he liad heard that an officer had been presented ?with a hone u a testimony of esteem from his blends, and that he wlb -returning thanks for the gift* On proceeding to the edge of the crowd of soldiers that surrounded the offioer I fonnd that it was an Irish captain who had been presented with a sword, and not a hone, and that he was making a violent Wpea speech. ?« Fellow Irishmen,' he said, ?' 1 entered the Federal army for three reasonB-firnt, to make myself a tiome, like Corcoran; secondly, to leam the art of war; ?no thirdly, that at eome future time, not far ofl; I might yitH this sword in my hand, which you have given me, lead yon hack to the dear native land from whioh you have Twen banished, (TnmnltnouD Bhouting and waving of oang ) Yea ! lead you back to the dear land to drive out the bloody Saxon from the green fields of Erin. (Renewed shouts.) The Saxon conquered your lands from jour ancestors by tho sword. By the sword let us drive him out. (Hurrah '. hurrah1. Krin aboo!) Yte, drive him out nnd share among us tbe lands that rightfully belong to ua. ( Hurrah ! hurrah .' ) I teil you, my countrymen, that we will do It. There aro 30,000 true Irishmen in America who have sworn to do it. We will do it— or wo will pfrieh in the attempt. (Hurrah.) Let us rosoue tbe land of our birth from the oppression of the bloody Saxon heretics ae soon as this war is over. (Hurrah!) Yes, let us go buck te Ireland as conquerm-a.' At this point su Dged volunteer, with scanty grey bair, who stood closo U- me, paid to himstlf aloud, ' Ae if we hadu't hud enough of it before we came here ! ' I aekod this man the ollwar'e name. 'Idob't know,' he replied, 'he's cot a now cword, and he's making a fool of himself.' The captain continued his hararigue for fully ten minutes in the samo rfj ie and to the same purport, interrupted by continued bnreta of aj.ple.ute, but ttAA not a word about the merits of the quarrel in which these men had sold themselves, or at tempted lo explain to them why they should at one and the came time be so very anxious to put down rebellion, in America, and to start a rebellion of their own in the British isles.' It is stated at Baltimore that negro-slaves of 'loyal' owners have formed themselves into associations, the objoot ef which is to obtain tbe Barae freedom for themselves as is -o be obtained (according to the Kmancioation Proclama tion) by the slaves of rebels. The following are tbe details of a case which has excited much attention of late. Tbe Blanche, a British vessel, Captain Smith, was sailing with a cargo of cotton from Lav.ca, in Texas, and bound to the Havannah. While searing that port the Captain descried toe Federal steamer Montgomery in pursuit, ani to avoid the summary jurisdiction exercised by tbe com manders of American crul-ers, ran hie ship — «s he had a perfect right to do— into neutral waters, within ' about 800 yards ' from the shore. The first version which reached us of the transaction led us to suppose that the Alcade de Mar, observing this movement, and seeing that the war steamer continued the chase, took a b»t and boarded the Blanche of his own accord. We are now told that his protection was formally invoked by the English ; -captain, who Bent his Spanish pilot on shore for the pur pose. At all events, ' the Spanish flag was raised over the English one as a sign of its being within the Spanish jurisdiction.' Captain Hunter at once sent two boats' crews on board and demanded the papers of the Blanche. The captain produced them, and admitted, in answer to another question, that the cargo was cotton. ' Don't you know that cotton is contraband of war ? ' said the American lieutenant. The answer was — ' I do Sot know that it is, on board of an English ves'el, and in a neutral port.' Captain Smith further inquired by what authority he thus 'stopped in Spanish waters. The offioer in command of the boarding party replied, ' that he be longed to the United States steamer Montgomery ; that he -did not care about the protection of the Spanish officials, nor the flog that had been raised over the ship ; that his erdero were to take possession of the vessel wherever he fonnd it, and that he would do so, aid send the crew as prisoners on board the Montgomery ; that he would not ent« into a diecussum of tbe Tight, but would leave that to be settled between the two governments.' This declara tion, coupled with the facts already mentianed, constitutes the gut of the cue. The Blanche was afterwards burnt. Tbe boarding party seem to have exhibited and fired pistols by way of intimidating the cap tain and the Alcade; to have ejected the latter forcibly from the ship and to have attempted, though in vain, to entice the Enfrlieh crew inuthe United Statin' service. Lastly, the Blanche was bred by tbe Americans, as her captain assert), though 'others say that it was dose by her own crew' In the melee which caused the boarding party ruEhed to their boats and ?' at tempted to cut off the escape of the English sailors,' but, tailing, contented themselves with carryiog off the Spanish pilot and one of the passengers. Suoh is the substanoe of Captain Smith's protest before the British consul at tbe Havannah. The Spaniards have already aoted in tbe affair with becoming energy. When the oaptaln-general of Cuba beared that the Alcalde had received a slap on the face, and tht.t the authority of Spain had been challenged on her own shores, he ordered out a Spanish frigate to exact reprisals on the spot. His government also demanded the punishment of Captain Hunter, and have reinforced their squadron with five men-of-war. It is presumed that Karl RupbcU has taken proper steps to obtain satisfaction for the insult to the British-flag and the injury dene to British interests. Captain Emith estimates hie losses at eome £10,000 ; but whether the proceeds of the damaged cotton and of the Blanche's hull have to be deducted from this we are unable to say. [A telegram from Madrid states :— ' The American minuter in this city has been instructed by hia government I to state that the conduct of the captain of the Montgomery i was unpardonable, to offer to puniih him, and give satis faction to the Spanish Government.'] 1 The Times lately received from a special correspondent who has made his way to the Southern capital the following prephio description of the state of affairs in the Con federate States. The communication ie dated Richmond, October 8 :— The upshot of the present system of restoring the Uni on will readily suggest itself to the reader. 1 hare travelled far end wide through Virginia ; I have conversed with men, women, and children in that State and is Maryland ; I have seen men, formerly substantial and thriving, whose everything has been devoured by the Federals ; but never in ene tingle instance have I heard a word of regret by reason of the war, a timid note Bounded in regard to its fgsne, a sigh breathed over the departed Union, a ghost of s desire expressed in favour of compromise or reconstruc tion. On the contrary, one universal chorus echoes through the length and breadth of the land, ' The net is broken, and we are delivered !' Mr. Everett and bis votaries, who still believe in imprisoned loyalty as existing in the South, might as well search in the British islands for a man who desired them to be annexed to France. So united, bo homogeneous a community as the States of tho Southern Confederacy finds no parallel in our own annals. No war that England has waged for a hundred years has met with inch cordial, unanimous, undivided support. The war againBt the French Bepublio had its Charles Fox ; the ?war against Eneeia its Bichard Cobden. There is no such character in the Southern States. The victory of tbe Faderala in this exasperated struggle means, not the defeat of the Southern armies— not the possession of Richmond, Charleston, Savannah, Mobile, and New Orleans, which would no more lead to a conclusion cf the war than the ecizure of the IbIo of Man. A Federal victory means nothing on earth bnt the extermination and annihilation of every man, woman, and child in the Southern Confederacy. There is no passion, so frenzy, in tbe universal language. The intensity ef the hate flushes the cheek and clinches the teeth, but fin it little expression in feeble words. If any thing, the exuberance of animosity is more perceptible In tbe dashing eyes and eager earnestness of the women; but tho settled and unconquerable firmness of the men requires nothing to be added to it. The possibility of Bichmond'i ' falling is calmly discussed, and preparations have long \- betn made for snch a contingency. Surprise is expressed that the Federals have not long ago possessed themselves of several other Sontbcra citias as well aa Sew Orleans. Tbe possession of a capital city in these days of railroads is a very different thing from what it used to be in the days of Wagram and Jena. Great suffering might be inflicted upon women and children if Mobile and Charleiton fell ; suffering which there is only too much reason to fear would be most acceptable to the Federals, judging from the record of their deeds during this last year and a half. But every considerable city in the South might be redaoed to ashes without changing the mood or undermining the resolution of the feeblest heart, if any feeble heart there be, in the Southern confederacy. 