SYDNEY SUMMAR-Y. TnoiiUDAY afternoon. Mn MARTIN'S formidable nrray of votes of censure !ad liibium will probably be as ineffectual in ousting tile ministry as was his previous attempt. Ghosts alpear to be the ruling sensation just now; and Martin appears to have one-a very devil of a ghost deliglhtineg, just as victory seems certain, to stop in betwteen the hon. member and to dash all his hopes to tie ground. Unfortunately for lovers of the supernatural Mr. 2L's ghost in a living embodiment, in the form of the honorable member for West Sydney, Mr. Eagar, whoso want of confidence motion on the financial statement (unlike that on the police question) is unmistakably unequivocal. Judging from the tone of some who profess to be au fait in political matters, the ministry will be defeated; and if they resign Messrs. Forster, Eagar, Samuel, Piddington, and Wilson will take their places. But Mr. Cowper will not calmly resign the reins of government; and if he can bring his Excellency over to his views the present House will not exist twenty four hours after his defeat; and an appeal to the country will decide who shall occupy the treasury benches.. There is certainly a strong toeling aoout town a? in the ministry will go out on the budget. Thero is no doubt that the state of things disclosed by Mr??. Smart's statement is very bad indeed-as bad as thlings can well be. If the ministry can't deal with the finances of the country without incurring ans enormous deficiency where they expected a small surplus, I don't nnow how they can be defended. Certainly their late treasurer is no longer in office; and it may be alle-ed with some show of justice that he was primarily responsible, and that the pre sent treasurer has honestly explained the true state of affairs. 3But still the policy of the late treasurer was the policy of the cabinet; so that if they retain their position, I thilnkl it must be from the old fear of not getting any other set of men to fill their places whicth has stood to thelm so long. If they do go out we must have a dissolution; for a new cabinet would be unable to conduct affairs with the present Assembly. The steam screw frigate Curacoa, 31 guns, Captain Sir 1im. Wiscman, passed Cape Otway on route for Sydney this morning. On her arrival here Sir WVilliam will hoist his flag as commodore of the Australian station, and as soon as stores are shipped will at once sail for New Zealand. Thie Bombay arrived off Port Phillip heads at half-past twelve, and will leave again to-night-for Sydney. There is little doubt that IMorris's new scab bill will supersede that proposed by the government. Tho southern escort brings down from Nerri gundah, 117 ozs. 12 dwts.; from Goulburn, 52 ozs. 2 dwts. 12grs.; from Braidwood, 1543 ozs. 3 dwts. 8 girs. Sir Charles Darling, the new Governor of Vic torin, arrived at Melbourne, per ship Suffolkh, yes terday. Thime sum of fifty pounds has already been sub· scribed here towards a testimonial to ISub inspector Stephenson, for his gallant conduct in the affray with Lowry. Some very curious errors (says Wednesdny's Em pire) must exist in the custom- house returns on which the treasurer has founded his proposed new duties. For instance, he has estimated that £35,000 will be raised from a duty of o10s. per cwt. on dried fruits. Now, to produce this revenue, the colonists must consume 7,840,000 Ibs. of dried fruits annually an absurd tamount for a population of 350,000 per sons. Thie amount of dried fruits imported in 1860, according to the statistical returns of the registrar general, was 21,519 ewt. This would give a duty of £10,759. In 1861 thle amount imported was 13,7709 ewt.; the duty on which would be £6889. The amount returned by the customs for last year, viz., 71,000 cwt., on whiclr the treasurer appears to have based his calculations, is evidently a gross blunder; and when the matter comes to be investi gatned i_ will ?oh)h?hl'J n a utr ate.rn~t_-s c-asi the matter of the registration of shipping, too, a similar error appears to have crept in. The sum es timated by the treasurer is £8000. At the proposed rate of Is. per ton this would require 60,000 tons of shipping to be registered annually. Last year 13,000 tons were registered, which would give but £6590 in 1861 only 6487 tons, and in 1860 the arnmont was 7212 tons. The utmost that could be calculated on from this source would, therefore, if we talkeo the average of the last three years, be about £440. But oven this small amount could not be depended on, as there would be nothing to pre vent owners from registering their ships in Queens land or any other colony where no duty was Pavable. W- e untderstand (s?ays the Herald) that Regoo and Traveller have been purchased by IMessrs. Burt and Co. The first for 700 guineas, and the latter for 500 guineas, for shipment to China. Regno, we believe, goes to a gentleman at Shanghai and is intended to compete against the well-known Exeter and some first-class English horses. Traveller's destination is Long Kong, where he will oenter thostud of a gentleo man once resident in Sydney. Both horses have Sbeen purchased to order. Tho prizes won at the late rac meeting (says the same paper) were paid over last night at Tattersall's, in the presence of a very large number of the sport ing public. Mr. Towns was the largest receiver, his prizes amounting to £616, besides a silver cup. The geaeral settling tools place afterwards, when all esngagements were promptly met. At the termina tion of this business a £5 Calcutta sweep was got up on the Balluarat Champion Race, and this amounted to £95 10s. Archer sold for £30, Talleyrand for £20, MIormon £15, Barwon £10, Camden £9, Zoo £8, and the remainder were knockled dovwn at the upset price. A frightlul accident (says Tuesday's Empire) occurred at tile Sydney railway station, about one o'clck yesterday alftrnoon. A young man named William Herd, employed on tile line as porter and pIinlsman, was crossing the line for the purpose of worLing a pair of points to shunt four trucks loaded with ballast (from the Pyrmont cutting) on to alu upward line, whien one of his feet becamejammed be tween one of thle points and one of the rails. lie was thrown down, and the wheels of tlie truck passed over his legs, crushing thenr in a fearful manner. lie was taken to the infirmary, where one of his legs was amputated last evening. It is feared that the condition of the other leg will render the same operation necessary. At the annual general meeting of tie neatholders of the Yorlk-street synagogue, held during tho past week, Mr. S. Emanuel, MI.L.A., ann Mr. S. ULoffuung were respectively re-elected to the oflice of president and treasurer for the ensuing Jewish year. A few evenings since (says the Herald) a lad of about fifteen years of ago delivered, at an educa tional establishment near Darlinghurst, a letter, pur porting to Ire dated from Miller's Forest, Hunter River, requesting particulars of terms to be for warded, with a postcript, begging tie lady to accept of a cheese, satisfying the messenger for its con. voyance. Before handing over 4s. Gd. claimed for carriage the mistress determined to see the contents of the package, which was found to consist of very neatly papered pieces of pipeelay. The perhaps unexpected detention seems to have alarmed the messenger, for when looked for hlie was clean gone out of sight. We have heard of two or three per sons in the eastern portion of the city who, not being so careful as tlhe lady referred to above, have been victimised by similar pretences. 