THE CHURCH RATE QUESTION. [From the Times.'] Sir John Trelawny is one of those chiefs who care more for their cause than for their armies. The one they hold sacred the other food for powder. For the highly prospective and problematical hope of abolishing Church Rates he drugs us all through the dirt every year, and inflicts untold personal annoyances. Were there the least chance of success within a dozen years, we should not object to see parochial differences aggravated by his annual motion, and now and then a good man and true thrown out of a borough. But we are forced to ask, " What is the good of it is his Bill made for ratepayers, or are ratepayers made for his Bill ?" As to the justice and policy of the pleasure if we could only persuade the rest of the world to think like ourselves, our convictions would remain the same. Indeed, all enquiry only ends in proving how well the Church would get on without church-rates and how large a proportion of our Church people do pay no Church Rates and yet support their churches well. The intrinsic merits of the question only come out stronger than ever. But it is madness, or the extreme of cruelty, to take every question on its intrinsic merits, and whoever does so becomes a misery to himself and a nuisance to his neighbors. by the judgment of mankind in all ages, you are bound to take into consideration the weakness or the circumstances of those whom you summon to join you in ever so righteous a cause. The giant, with the brutal instinct of giants, would have the dwarf join in all his encounters, and when the poor mannikin had lost both arms and a leg still invited him to victory. The most brilliant victory may not be worth mutilation or death, still more the bare possibility of a victory some time to come. Sir John's most splendid victories are purely arithmetical. It is so many more this year than last; ur so many less for some special reason. Either his supporters are more numerous, or the majority is greater. You may have twenty years day, thirty years, of such vicissitudes. The signing cargo of these figures is rod used to me by the unfortunate face that, whatever the majority in the Commons, the Lords will not pass the measure. There is quite as much chance of their passing a Bill to abolish their own house, or the Bench of Bishops, of the Church altogether. This consideration affects, in one way or the other, the value of half the votes given in the Lower House. A man will sometimes vote because he knows his vote will lead to nothing, and do nothing, except satisfy somebody who expects him to to vote. It is easier to promise than to perform ; it is easier to speak for others than to act for yourself; it is easier to give a man a nod of the head than ask him to your house and it is easier to give a vote which will not abolish Church Bates than one which will. The agitation, under existing circumstances, is a show and a make-believe. In the manage they teach a horse showy action by making him year against a brick wall; and that is all that Sir John Trelawny does with his Bill for the abolition of Church Rates. Under these circumstances, we may be excused a sneaking wish to see the question amicably settled, and the ghost laid in the Red Sea, Is there no possible compromise ? We grant that the compromises hitherto proposed have been illusory, and not of a sort to satisfy either side. That is because they have been devised by partisans who cannot be impartial, even if they wish. But Her Majesty's present advisers are the most neutral, moderate, and conciliatory Administration we have had in the memory of man, and the one most capable of offering and carrying an arbitration. There really is no insuperable difficulty in the matter. Land Tax has been extinguished in many properties, and may be still extinguished. Tithes have been commuted. Even Assessed Taxes could once be compounded for, besides a multitude of special exemptions still allowed upon proper declarations. Church Rates themselves have passed quietly out of use in many parishes, and are there becoming extinct, in no place is the Church better supported than in the metropolis, where there are at least two millions of people who never paid a Church Rate. The same may be said of all our great towns. All that is wanted is some quiet, uuprovocativo way of doing the thing, some process giving the victory to neither side, and not admitting of a grand celebration, or any nonsense of that sort. It is true that some of Sir John's friends will think this a very poor result of a Thirty Years' War, That, perhaps, is because they have some ulterior thoughts, and wish the measure to be, not the end of controversy, but the beginning of the end of something else. What we suggest is that Government should take it out of the hands of these gentleman by just releasing objectors from their annual seven and sixpence, and imposing upon them a corresponding disqualification for meddling with the fund to which they refuse to contribute. The Church of England, it must be admitted by the least friendly, is a very respectable institution, as things go, and does not deserve to have a triumph celebrated over it as if it were an African slavery, or a corn law, or a Sebastopol. A man ought either to do a thing or not to do it. When he finds he cannot, it is high time he should desist from attempts which only dis- turb and annoy. Take the case of a quiet churchman, living at peace with his neighbors, in a town parish, not only disposed, but deeply interested to get on well with all about him. Nobody in a town is so independent as to care nothing for offending half the parish. He has a profession, or a business, or some employment which is a public hostage for his good behavior. The church rates are disputed, a vestry is called and a poll demanded. In general that man would rather pay his own rate ten times over than offend either the clergyman and his friends by voting against the rate, or the Dissenters by voting for it. So our good neighbor is in a sad fix, and does not know how to vote. Any body who has to do with towns knows that the best sort of people look on those parochial contests with the greatest horror, and that Church people generally vote for a ride on the understanding and full belief that " the law" will not be taken against a single resisting ratepayer. This, in fnct.isthe compromise to which we are actually tending, and no House of Lords will prevent it from being accepted by all our town parishes. There are few clergymen who will not glady wink at a refusal to pay Church Rates, unless it is done with an obtrusive publicity paid gratuitous insult. But why should any clergymen have the annoyance of such a question, if any way of settling it can be devised The clergy of the Gallican Church are as independent as ours, and hold their heads quite . as high over both Liberals and Protestants; yet they have nothing whatever to do with any compulsory Rate for the maintenance of their fabrics or the performance of Divine service. There are State taxes for the purpose, and there are gratuitous subscriptions ; the former secure and sufficient, the latter ample, but fluctuating with the zeal of the clergy or the pressure of the occasion. The French clergy would think it a very great addition to their troubles if they had to whip up their congregations every now and then, to bully the Protestants for a tax in support of the mass service and the ecclesiastical furniture and fabrics. Disagreeable as the process is, a young English incumbent often feels that he cannot omit it without dis- loyalty to his Church, his creed, and his social position. He goes out to fight against foes he respects, with allies whom he despises, for an object he thinks worthless. We wish he were relieved, not so much by Sir John Trelawny, as by a Government heartily well affected to the Church, tolerant of Dissent, and desirous of peace and content to all classes. 