PICKINGS FKOM PUJSTCH. XEFTCXES ADD11ESS OX THE HOXEYMOOX. Auspicious was the steam, _ Whatever were the gales, Which, faster than < >ld jSc;;tu;ie"s team. Unto the Prince of Wales The fair young Maid of Denmark bore In triumph to Great Britain's shore. The Monarch of the Sea Soon saw his nags were beat; So therefore round the Note went he After the British fleet. To wait the happy royal pair ■ At Osborne, and receive them there. Down in the deep he dived: ■ There heard the shouts of England's joy; But, when the blissful train arrived, Emerged like an old buoy. Above the waves his placid head He heaved, and blandly smiling, said— " Yoho, there! Dowse my glims! Ahoy 1 Bless your sweet eyes! Avast I say! My eyes and limbs! Could I command the skies, IM cause them to rain grog and flip For all the tars in every ship. Hows'ever, here's your health. Sir; Mann, the same to you! Long life, the best of luck, and wealth Or else —why, foul mv screw, Shatter my plates, unbolt me, rust My armour, and my engine bast! "Weil, now you're snug in port, • From them landlubber's noise, You comes for me to give you sport. Below, there! Girls and lioys! Triton and Nereids, pipe all hands, show ye Them there young folks the pastimes of the sea. THE CEAEGE OF THE TWO THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED. (See the account of the levee, February 25.) Up the great staircase, and Through the three anterooms, Past the heef-eaters' stand, (fold sticks and panting grooms, Wardens defying or Grooms of the chambers. On. like the worst of mobs, Tore their way, nobs and snobs, Q. C.'sand members! Garments were cleft of them. Horsehair was reft of them, "What pen can write of tliem, How, at the sight of them, Gents-at arms wondered, As to tiie Presence then Draggled and damaged men. Bushed, crushed, and thrust along All that was left of them. First the Two Thousand and Then the Seven Hundred! POINTS or LORE. Well-informed and dear Mr. am about , „ t re at the Yauns Men s Oolieocantsa pefhooClub. which means "Theeome-out-before. St^Xek-at-nisut-to-spend-a- pleasant-evenmg someho^r-otlier^lub.;' Please give me some ra i0WhM part1 inthe°'aSIL^olIhe' human frame is a tram-uone? P1 8^atfrJSiasdft.ia»». ffjy&t; "question. If yon keep a secret as )ill i ^Ull=un * Do " Mad Wags untied? , a/-. z>l rWait till the time comes.—Mi. J . . Can I procure at Mr. Sams s or any librarian s a VjtHl 1 JMVk-uiv «• to»v on the ear for the season: . [Conic to A Fleet-street. We'll give you one Does Ore South. African Port disagree with Dr. ^[Raihlr the contrary: we believe that some very [Rather tne contrui>. » good Bishop has been made of i*—-ni. P.] writot k nv hesi remedy for a biu «,00wi - Quarrel with a dentist, then go and have it on. ^Whieb'^mU you say is the most marked town ^[Mostf inarked ? Why-ahem-Szar-borougli, to blmoreqiiStion, my learned instrueter.aiidl have done. Tis oil a matter of grammar, tell me what is the masculine of Dan-slice f f(hicc for a«l we reply, j>an-Joc.—Mi -f-ir "if you will hut answer, [Will answer, answered, aud very \reii, too -for many year& hope,under public favour, to ever for centuries to come.—hit. Jr.} 1 su-u ue very much obliged. V ROYAL LETTER—THE KING OF DAHOMEY ASK SIB JOSHUA J2B3. His Majesty to Sir J oshua. "Medicine Man—Oar Foreign Secretary in forms us tiiat for some years past labouring to discover a reracdy for an afleetion of the moral system, now very present in 3 ojt benighted country, called tirnbbiUo. Ihe a nip tons of that malady I learn are these, a wo or three apparently robust men are suddenly seized while wlvlking hi the publicgreets wid.^ sions. Instinctively, to avoid falling,, they ciutcn at the objects nearest to them, preferring for that purpose a iliroat ami a iimc measurer. In tLe Hospital under vonr care you have many oi tluse Tiit^erables and various modes of treatuients 1 learn have'been resorted to without arresting the disorder—a generous diet, warm clothing,, and wed ventilated apartments being the principal curative aS"Inouer^omm':ons we have a large number of these invalids, and we generally imd some prompt and easy means of stopuig the malady before i comes to^ainformed, a sea-voyage lias been recommended for yoiir patients, buiLSSifSt puzzled in selecting an eligible, samtarv retreat.at a convenient distance iroin their friends. ^ If y ^ would like to try the air or Dahomey, wfniAtenK as all our physicians admit, to accelerate the cuxu lation, we shall be glad to receive as in^y o£ jm>r valetudinarians as you are inclined to forward, and we may safely say that you will lie spa.ed al, further trouble and anxiety on dieHarcoimt. ^ ^ Sir Joshua to His Majesty. "Sire—Your tender concern hir my poor pa tients has moved me almost to tears. How true it is that we often find more sympr.Jiy m gers abroad than in our dearest rriends -t home. Your Majesty is right in saying that I ha™ been strongly advised to tasc my patients awaj from the locality where they at present languish, notwith standing the abundant supply of iimntiou= mt:at and vegetables which are daily provided for:them. The fac; is they require recreation rather tnan rest. A spacious ciTckct-ground, a temu»-court, and a bowling-green wou.d be lughl v app.eci.hed by them, though some probably would prefer wild duck aud snipe shooting—luxuries l.fear not even to lie dreamt of in this parsimoniousage. The difficulty of fiuding a salubrious place of retreat is all hut insuperable. Die Isle of M lglit has been suggested by one or two land people, Madeira by others; but vulgar prejudices must be respected, and the natives of both those islands seem absurdly apprehensive of contagion I u ouUl therefore gratefully accept your Mujestj s oficr but fear, from what I. have reau, tint jour climate, suitable as it is ror Prisons of strong constitutions, might be too warm for individuals so morbidly sensitive as the Grabbers, whose infir mities we all unfeignedly deplore. coosuiCmv friend Sir George, and if he tlnnks the experiment could be safely tried, I shall liave great pleasure in transmitting you a few of the most serious cases that have lately come in. " Allow me to subscribe myself, etc. . "J. Jebb. "P.S. Since writing the above, I liave seen Sir George, hut he questions whether our indoor patients are strong enough to bear the fatigue of so long a voyage, andinforms me to ray extreme re-wet that the nobleman who lately filled the post of Foreign Secretary under .your Majesty s Government is now for ever disqualified from holding office, being a little bit oft liis head. LOTAL WHISPER TO A ROTAL RECLDSE. "Hay, let my people see rue." Kind Was she whom then our cheers were greeting: How, would that lady bear In mind That words like those will bear repealing. March 10,1SG3. DELIVERANCE FROM FRENCH FASHIONS. Mr. Punch—Ser ftoyal Highness the Princess Alexandra has come here to be the Princess of Wales just hi time. She will, of course, set the fashions for British lailies, hitherto copied from the French, and thus turn the tide of absurdity in costmne-from the abyss mw winelh before her costume-ironi wits auv&s; miy. wmLU». uw ,1 T seasonable arrival, it was tending to plunge tneui. In the meantime the women ot Paris may go tueir own way: and whither thev are going you will see in a description of the Vanity Fair now daily held about 4 o'clock in the Bais de Bomogne, from the pen of the Parisian correspondent of tlie F»i. "By half-past 4 o'clock," this gentleman tells hs, "every variety of equipage, Miree or tour rows deep, is moving slowly along the favourite pro meua&e.; There are.*' he continues, ladiesof most nations, but the toilettes of all are in the very lies., French taste and of the most costly description. What the verv best French test® in ttic matter of toilettes is he"thus proceeds to exemplify :— . " A shawl costing two or three hundred guineas, and nearly the same value of lace, rs frequently hung about the fair sex, who occasionally descend from their carriage, and perforin a very mild amount of walking on the pathway. . . I stop here to reflect what a humbug spiri tualism must be, since in answer to my invocation there comes not a rap on my desk from the ghost of William Colibett to tell me what Ire would have said about these expensive and useless women. However, expensive women ought to be sweet creatures. Cheap is proverbially the reverse of nice. Dear should he nice, then. But mark what follows "And ought not pathways to be clean and dry? The velvet and satin sweep thein daily, and must carry home, one supposes, accidental souvenirs sometimes not the most pleasant." Souvenirs. Forget-me-nots, that Is to say. A ■ rose by any other name would smelt as sweet; and ; I suppose a souvenir or forget-me-not from the Bois de Boulogne could not be rendered more unpleasant than it is by any more specific de nomination which might he given to it However, if after the "promenade," French ladies dress for the evening, of course they do not bring souvenirs into the sat on. Ah! hiice things require nice words to express them. X quote on:— "But such is fashion. We are living in an age when a ladf's dress must sweep and brush the eartlt and everything on the face of the earth." Well, what is to be said if French ladies like that sort of thing? There is no accounting for proclivities. Only one may say that ladies who delight in sweeping up souvenirs with their dresses might he expected to rejoice in the undernamed unwliolesomencss:— "We have not however, got to the end of the * revivals' of toilettes, which look so pretty in Watteau's pictures. Powder is gradually dawning upon us, introduced by a sort -of heraldic gold dust We have long been accustomed to pearl-powder, and rose de jourence, and ere long I fear we shall entirely loose siglit of the native colour of the hair."" Faugh! Alexandra to the rescue! The Princess of Wales will put a stop—not perhaps to the use of rose de jourencc and peari-powder by old liafrs— hnf.l/inni? jitfcnmrit ntt.Tii* infrAdu^nriAf "Tipralilit* but to any attempt at the introductionof " heraldic gold dust,"' or the revival of Ijair-powder to dis figure the tresses of our £nglish girls, ifit these abominations be limited to those ladies who sweep up souvenirs in the Bois de Boulogne, or f rom the flagstones of Coventry-street. Yet, after all, Frenchwomen are onr sisters, and therefore, as Lord Dundreary would say, ,cf course Frenchmen are -Gar brothers. Humiliating reflection! Ah! Profcwor Huxley omits -the atoOBg&st; argument that lie„~niild adduce to neove maojaai allied to die apes. Taubok. 