LORD PALMERSTON AT THE HARTLEY INSTITUTE. [From the " Times."] Lord Palmerston has often the good fortune to enter upon the labors of others, without either ambition or robbery. He both enjoys the inheritance and aggrandise the giver. A Mr. Hartley died some time since abroad, will money, with relations, with scientific taste and a long affection for the town of Southampton. According to all custom and common feelings he should have left his money to his relations. But heaven only knows what intervenes between an elderly man and his kindred, as years increase, as wealth at last accumulates, and as the kindred show themselves more and more what they are. Did they envy the wealth he would no longer divide with them, and envy still more the fact that they owed all to him Or was this gentleman simply too wrapt in science, or some dream or other, to care for flesh and blood ? All these questions we ask utterly in the dark, and seek no answer. It is enough that the unhappy possessor of a 100,000 died in a strange land, and left his money for the foundation of an Institution for the study and advancement of the Science of Natural History; Astronomy, Antiquities, and Classical and Oriental Literature" The relations rushed in, and by the aid of the lawyers got 460,000 out of the whole. Indeed, it is a mercy they did not get all, and it was only by a compromise that the £40,000 was rescued. No doubt, the ghost of the would-be founder sorely resents the wrong. Poor Mr. Hartley has not been able to found a first- class College. It is only a good Atheneum, with an endowment for the curator and other officers. But mark the sequel ! What remains of Hartley beside the name ? But Lord Palmerston steps in, and reaps the harvest of ideas and of honor; he lays the first stone, and he opens the finished a pile.. With bright thought and pleasant phrase he tells all sorts, the good they may get here. Rising as he talks, and growing young again, he is all for learning. You can never know too much, he says. The least bit of knowledge is sure to implant an insatiable zest for more and that more, wants ever more. How delightful to be learn-., ing for ever and overall kinds of things, worlds, animalcules, histories, mathematics, and human ingenuities I Like the poet who felt the feathers sprouting from his shoulders and was already on the wing for the Rhone and the Ister, Lord Palmerston appears on the point of soaring to boundless regions of knowledge, burning to know; all things and their Divine Maker. ' < Depend on it, poor Hartley himself never got so, much pleasure out of science, or his £100,000, rusting in his coffers, for somebody, or something, he never could decide. We can imagine him, poor man, with his sealed packets of letters from this or that relative, and with a thousand recollections eating into his soul, and driving him to love the stars, the plants, the birds and beasts, broken sculptures, rusty coins, bones, and Bent heads, rather than the sight of human kin. He left his money behind him, for he could not take it away, and, indeed, had probably come to care little what became of it. Few know what a waif and stray, a huge fortune sometimes becomes. It has cost a life's labor, infinite agonies, disappointments, heartburnings. At the last hour it becomes a positive cut so to have to fix who shall have it or what shall have it. One by one, wife, child, friend, that should have had it, has passed away, and it must go to an outsider, or be simply thrown out of the windows. Perhaps some second cousins or great nephews, the bearers of a once-loved name, scramble for it with the lawyers, who, being learned, hard-working gentlemen, honest in their way, are as welcome to the spoils and as likely to use it well as anybody. At all events, they have done no harm to the maker of the fortune. But here, at last, is a moderate building is High-street, Southampton, with some spacious rooms, and in the front a proper number, of columns, caryatids, emblematic heads, and other ornaments. There seems, indeed a good deal for the money. But, when all is ready, in walks Lord Palmerston, with a train of municipal, parochial, and county notables, with the representatives of everything relating to Southampton, and with a vast concourse of ladies, and opens the Hartley Institution. He does it as easily as if it were in his own hall at Broadlands. It's no bone at all for the evergreen statesman to make two or three speeches, each a fresh start, having done the like at Winchester two days before, and having to speak again several times at dinner. What a glorious tontine life is, when people early join the race, and run neck and neck with the swift and strong ! At last you have it all your own way ; you walk over the course; you sweep the table; you carry off arms full of prizes and trophies and chap less. But what are all the prizes in the world compared with the sense of undisputed possession, when that possession is the heart and sense of a nation P Our chief can talk so gaily and take everything so easily because there is no suspicion or jealousy between him and his hearers. He wishes only to please them and do them some sort of good, and he knows they give him credit for it. But for the theme of the Southampton addresses. It was somewhat varied from that of Winchester. Nobody, says Lord Palmerston, can really know too much; that is, of course, if the knowledge be sound and to the purpose. If a laborer is taught a quantity of things out of his reach and condition, that he can never apply, never i follow up, never understand, he becomes nearly addle-pated, or a half-witted pretender, unsettled for anything. But what is that to the case of a man whose thoughts are directed to some one object, and who wishes to understand it; or to many objects, with adequate curiosity and opportunities ? In a town like Southampton there will always be a good many with taste, and curiosity, and research, and all the qualities that Colleges are founded to satisfy and develope. Then some one had called the Institution a Temple of the Muses and the word had recalled certain misgivings as to the religious tendency of knowledge. Is this, then, a sort of church, and may people worship the Almighty by investigating his works ? We are not aware of anything in Lord Palmerston's answer to this question that a saint might nothavesaid. knowledge raises the mind ever from a dull satisfaction with matter of fact, from idolatry of physical laws, ' from various superstitions, upwards and still upwards to the great Maker and Preserver. Whether it be the old school instance of the watch, or the annual round of nature, or your own frame fear fully and wonder fully made, or the universe whatever it be a man must be the wiser, the better, and the more religious if he sets about really to understand these things better. There is that heartiness in the statement that one feels sure the, speaker would quite enjoy being shut up a few years with watchmakers and engineers, with geologists and chymical agriculturists, with astronomers or microscopic observers. At least, he would enjoy the anticipation. "Oh fora lodge in some vast wilderness, not to escape the wicked world, but to study Nntmc, to commune with the stars, to dive into earth's mysteries !" To be a great statesman involves no sacrifice of other tastes. It is to have sympathies with every man, and everything that may justly claim them. He must be a man of large head and large heart that shall govern this country. Men of this sort, observed, never become old. A little wear of physical strength and a few aches and pains are all the change they suffer. Few young men fresh from college honors could have talked so agreeably, touched on difficulties so lightly, and given so much real encouragement to beginners as Lord Palmerston, after more than half a century of incessant labor, and in an interval snatched from overwhelming public affairs. Human Sacrifices. One of the most difficult tasks of the British Government in India is that of winning such wild tribes as the Khonds to civilisation. In the annual statement showing the progress and condition of India, recently issued by the Government, there is a report by Capt. A. 0. M'Neill, from which it is plain that the practice of female infanticide has not ceased in the hill tracts of Orissa; legal evidence, however, is seldom procurable, and the only check is considered to be an annual visit at which the agent insists upon seeing all the children of both sexes and it is suggested that the head man of those villages in, which the relative number of the sexes is pro» portional should receive some mark of favor from Government. Although many more female children are now reared than formerly, it is clear thatinfanticidemust still obtain the great extent. Large districts here are inhabited by sacrificing Khonds. Capt. M'Neill was plainly told in the hill streets of Bundhasir of Karoonda that compulsion alone causes them to refrain from human sacrifice. Among the Khonds of Jeypoor he found an uneasy feeling prevailing under the relinquishment of sacrifice. In the last three seasons, he writes, the rains had been scanty inthcKaroone and Jeypoor Khond tracts, and the crops of cattle suffered much in consequence. The Khonds were anxious to, revert to their long-cherished rite, and applied to the part rajah of Tooamool for permission to sacrifice, and asked him for a month or victim. This he declined to give, stating that, human sacrifices had been prohibited bat. offered them buffaloes and sheep. The offer was rejected by the Khonds, and they resolved; that, be the consequences what they might, re public sacrifice should take place at the full moon of Poosoo last year. The question was then raised where a victim could be procured, and was solved by a Khond stating Aint he would hand over for sacrifice a " toorie,," who, though not purchased as a measure, was an agrarian slave bought for 5s. The offer having been accepted, the intended, victim, an elderly woman, was removed to the village of Puckregoodah, and there heavily ironed, and on an unsuccessful attempt on the part of the part rajah to rescue her, was taken off and. secreted on the hills. The past rajah then sent an express to the agent, and within an hour A guard of 58 scoundrels _ started under a tree St. worthysirdar,marched52niilesin .'i8honrsov very hilly and rugged country, and reach stage scene of sacrifice us the victim was heir ltr removed to the post erected for her long illness The assembled Khonds, at least 5,000 cent' per, found themselves at the last aw mont de" prived of what they fancied ne. jy wel. 60min dispossess them. A most defender and attempt at rescue was made ; but the star is making,, a judicious disposition of his horse" is a and 50 mntehlooknien sent by the pan t says ", ab|(J to defeat the attempt, though. , w ' MS d in self-defence, thresher. attacked by the Khonds. Toomool, their end of this deter. mined attempt at bWj 8 au of a plateau, rising abruptly from th sums ,. Karoonda to a height of 4 500 5 The plateau is about 5.0 m lies in wth^-wid-Itfl. extreme breadth from 15 tommies. Ttisan undulating country, well watered; the lower ranges of hills are covered with dense bamboo and other jungles; the upper ranges are over grown with a Vjry rank coarse grass, which is many places »ttew»aftoightof 12 or 15fret.,, . 