GHOSTS! GHOSTS! GHOSTS! The Rev. G. H. Moreton, a Church of England clergyman who officiates at St. James, in Sydney, has written a letter on "the ghost" which we copy from the "Herald." The solemn seriousness of the Reverend writer indi- cates much amiable feeling. The ghost of the "Victoria," when divested of the rubbish that unscientific newspaper para- graphists seek to throw around it is neither more nor less than the reflection of certain images from a sheet of plate glass. According to the well known laws of optics the man or object to be ghostified appears to the audience as far on the other side of the glass, as he, or it, is in front of it. Every one who looks in a mirror makes a similiar ghost. We must however let Mr. Moreton speak for himself. He says;- "I have sometimes spoken from the pulpit of the theatres as being places well calculated to demoralise the minds of the frequenters. If anything would tend to substantiate this statement some of the scenes now exhibited may claim this unhappy character, I allude to the Ghosts," By a ghost I understand that part of man which, though existing in, and animating the body, is nevertheless, totally distinct from it, and will survive the death of the body. Again, the spirit or ghost's appearance without the body, implies that the mysterious separation, which we call death has taken place. Time with that human being is at end—eternity has commenced and the ghost of spirit has begun its endless existence of joy or of sorrow ! Whether spirits have ever been commissioned or allowed, by " the Father of Spirits," to return for a short season to this world is a question too great for me to determine. The common opinion of mankind inclines rather to the affirma- tive view of this proposition and a few scriptural allusions have been thought to strengthen it, I will, for the present, suppose they do occasionally return to earth, though I very much doubt it. The rich man wished the ghost of Lazarus to return to exhort his five brethren to repent lest they also should go into that place of torment; the request was not complied with. Could we suppose a soul or ghost to return for a short season from heaven or from hell, its errand would be of no trifling nature. Then how shockingly profane must it be to deal with the representation of such beings as is now taking place at the theatres ! I refer more especially to the Prince of Wales Theatre. The theatrical going part of the community, are invited to witness the following;— Ghost of a lady, whom Mr. Younge will embrace, if he can find her. Ghost of Mynheer Von Dunk, with whom Mr. Younge will smoke a pipe and drink some Bavarian beer. Ghost of Sayers and Jack Heenan, fighting for the championship of the world. Ghosts of harlequin, clown, and columbine. General melee of the ghosts and interference of the police. I here anticipate a reply, viz—that the ghosts are only the effects of chemical discovery ; and they tend to show what great advances have been made in the science. This is perfectly true. But chemistry may also, perhaps, be made to represent the end of time, the Judgment-seat, the abode of the lost and of the saved. Yet who would say that such most solemn, such momentous subjects, are suited to form a scene for theatrical amusement? Surely no one. A thoughtful person, reflecting upon ghost or spirit, feels his mind naturally drawn from a part to the great whole i e. from the spirit to the eternity of joy or sorrow of which it will partake. Is it not then most presumptuous, most profane, to turn anything relating to man's endless being into material for amuse- ment? I must also, respectfully beg that part of the community who witness this exhibition to observe the manner in which the performers convey their ideas of ghosts. Two are fighting for the championship of the world! That is when it shall please God to remove from this world those two unhappy men, in whom the brute has so much prepon- derated over the man, their souls will continue the antagonism which began here, and here as they injured each other in body there they will in spirit. This may prove only too true; but it is scarcely the cause for laughter. Another actor represents himself as drinking with a ghost or spirit. His part, in its future reality, needs confir- mation. One is represented in the world of lost spirits as asking for a drop of water to cool his tongue, but the request was not granted. Spirits, again, are represented as fighting with each other. Here, most likely, is the outline of an awful truth. As men in this world do by their sins, often assist in ruining the souls of each other, so it is not im- probable that when they meet in that region of darkness they will retaliate for the injuries of time! — Express. 