TELEGRAPHIC. From our telegraphic correspondents LYTTON. June 20. The Prince of Denmark, schooner, was wrecked on the Chesterfield group of Islands on March 19th, latitude 19'58, longitude 158'28 east. J. C. Bennett was the master. The crew built a boat and rigged it as a schooner; they named it Hamlet's Ghost, and by it they have arrived in LYTTON this evening at six pm. SYDNEY. June 29. Four days later nows bavo boon recoived from America. General Hooker is progressing successfully towards Charleston. . Sixty vessels, including thirteen iron-clad boats, aro roatly to co-operate. Tho French have been fighting in Moxico for two days. Tho cathedral outworks ia Puebla City aro yot untaken. ' Tho boiler of the steamer Senator has ex- ploded, killing forty-nino men. A woman wns murdered in tho government domain hero last night. Mrs. Thompson bas boon awarded £1000 as compensation for having her leg broken by tho accident on the govornmont railway. Tho inquest on tho body of Margaret Gee is still sitting, and tho men who reported thc nows nro suspected of having committed tho murder. . * . ... Advioos from Limn stato that thc govcrn- mont there oro making enquiries into tho Polynesian slavery question. Tho Burrangong miners nro arming with a viow to oxtirpnte tho bushrangers. Tho railway to Picton will bo opened to- morrow. ' Tho Alctorion now ministry intend to adopt tho land system of New South AVales. A DEPUTATION, consisting of Messrs. G. Edmondstone ; T. P. Pugh, M.L.A.; and Mr. Fitzsimmons, waited upon the Hon. the Colonial Secretary in his private office, yes- terday, at half-past eleven o'clock. The business of the deputation was to ascertain whether it was the intention of the govern- ment to permit the immigrants per the Hannah More, who had shipped from home to Keppel Bay, to land in Brisbane, as certain rumors had asserted. ' 'The Colonial Secretary, in answer to the question, replied that positive instructions would be given to the proper parties- to examine each passage certificate, and that those immigrants who had originally started for Keppel Bay would be sent on from the ship in a steamer ; Messrs. Bright Brothers making arrangements for engaging for the steamer at their own expense. The government would be inclined to pay the cost of conveying the immigrants from the steamer up the Fitzroy River. The depu- tation thanked the Minister, and with- drew. A socond deputation, consisting of Mr. R. P. AVhitworth, of tho Guardian, and Mr. R. AVatson, of tho Courier, was intro- duced by Mr. T. P. Pugh, M.L.A., who ex- plained that tho object of tho deputation was to request cortain extended accommodation for tho. roportors of tho.prcss in tho Logisla tivei:Chnmbers, .especially in tho Assembly! wlioro a room bad at ono timo boon dovoteil to tho uso of thc press, but which lind beon sinco used in nnothur uiannor. Tho Colonial Secretary recognised tho nocossity of afford- ing proper accommodation to tho pross in tho prccints of thu house, and promised to do all in his powor to further tho views of tho de- putation. Tho deputation thou thanked tho Minister and withdraw. AVn ohsorvo that n mooting is to bo held nt tho. "Municipal Council Chambors on Thurs- day ovoning noxt, for tho purposo of forming a Liboral Registration Society, and wo aro glad to seo that somo stops aro hoing taken to supply a want which hr.3 long been felt. Although the meeting mny seem premature tn some, inasmuch as no names need bo re- gistered provious to February next, it is just ns woll that tho society should commence operations al once, seeing that a large num- ber of our citizens have recently smarted undor tho vexation mid annoyance caused by their involuntary disfranchisement. Wo sup- pose that the promoters aro acting under tho old saw, thal it is better to " strike tho iron wliilo hot," mid we do not doubt that good will como out of it. Tho society is, wo nro in- formed, to ho established irrespective of all political or sectarian bias, and with tho solo object of securing to its members the right of voting in any electorate in which they aro entitled to claim that privilege. Tiikiii. was a good attendance at tho promenade concert given hy the A'olttutcoi' Band, in the liotamo Gardens, last evening. Tlio members ol' tho bind acquitted them- selves satisfactorily ; bul it was nevertheless noticeable that ono ol'tho most accomplished of their number was absent. The following is a list of the magistrates selected to adjudicate at tho Central Police Court during the ensuing week :?G. Ed mondstone, lt. Austin, T. S. AVarry, G. Elliott, G. Harris, J. F. McDougall, E. E. Drury, H. Iticbards. A lecture was delivered at tho School of Arts, last evening, by tho Rov. J. Townend, on "The AVino Cup." Mr. P. Smith wns called to tho chair, and proceeded at once to call upon tho Band of Hopo to sing a melody, after which bo introduced thc lecturer to an audience of about 150 persons. Tho lecturer was listoned to with marked attention throughout, mid at its conclusion tho usual compliment wns paid to the lecturer and the chairman. AVe nro glad to seo that tho members of the Civil Service intend to hold a meeting to consider tho desirability of having a proper Civil Servico Bill. Thero are amongst tbe gentlemen employed by tho government many possessed of groat intelligence, and who soo tho advantage which must accrue to thom solvos by Ibo passing of such a measure that, wo boliovo, they will, at tho mooting of AVcd nesday night, at the Armoury, bo able to make many suggestions not only beneficial to themselves, but just towards tho country. As they'havo taken, up tho question, with thom will rest, to a groat extent, tho prospect of having a suitable bill introduced. O.y AVednesday evening, nt tho Armoury, immediately after tho Civil Servico meeting, the council of thc Queensland Riflo Associa- tion will meet for tho despatch of important business. AVe tako Hie following Dunedin news from tho Molbeurno Argus:?There is a pretty strong desire to have a visit from tho All England Eleven after their projected engage- ments iu Melbourne, and with a viow to tho consummation of this meetings have been held and deputations appointed to conduct the initiatory measures of procuring thc re- quisite funds, selecting players iii tho other provinces, and communicating with Mr. George Marshall, of Molhoiirno. The only cricket ground avnilablo is, unfortunately, a very indifferent ono, our billy country being ono ill-adapted for tho favorite English game; but it bas tbe advantage of hoing in the immodiato vicinity of tho ci ty, and Im- provements, aro contemplated which may render it fit for such a match. The depaiturc of tho detachment of tho 70th Regiment, for Taranaki, was mado tho occasion of a groat demonstration nt Dunedin. Tho Firo Brigade, tho volunteers, and a powerful band, led by M. Fleury of tho Princess Thontro, accom- panied tho detachment to the pier, and on their way thither thoy received parting cheers from thousands assombled in tho streets to witness their dopdrturo. Annexed is a classification oftho prisoners confined iu II, M. gaol, Brisbane, on Juno 27th last:?For trial, 27 males, 2 fomales; uiidorgoiug imprisonment, 13 males, 3 females; on romand, 1 malo; sentenced to hard labor ou the roads, U males, mid to hard labor within tho wells of tho gaol, .Io males and 3 females; in default of paying fines, 3 males and 2 fomales; iii default of- bail, 4 males,,! femalo; for lunacy, 33 mnlos, 6 fcmalos. Malanga total of 142 males and 17 females. Tho large numbor of lunatics in proportion to our population speaks volumes iii favor of tho speedy erection of a building suitable for their roeoption and treatment. In consequence (says tho Molbourno-drills) of on application made somo timo ago to Lord Rodesdalo, chairman of committees in tho House of Lords, and to tho Speaker of tho House of Commons, the trustees of tho Mel- bourne Public Library and tho Council of tho University havo received a copy of tho whole of tho Acts passed by tho English Legislature, nnd minutes of tho proceedings of both Houses from tho year 1820 to tho present limo. Tho collection amounts to about 800 volumes. These records of tho transactions of thc British parliament aro to be forwarded from timo to timo, and will, no doubt, bo found vory valuable documents for roferenco. As a slight acknowledgment of this gift, tho trustoos of tho Library trans- mitted to tho Speaker of tho House of Com- mons a copy of Hie Library catalogue, and a numbor of works relating to tho statistics and history of A'ictoria, nil of Hiern hand- somely bound. Now, when an opportunity is afforded to thom for receiving instruction in tbo uso of tho rifle, wo trust that tho indifference hitherto exhibited by tho'citizons of Brisbano -will be no longer a ground of complaint against them. Lieutenant Desbon, of tho 6Sth rogimont, bas announced bis intention of giving instruction in this branch of war like knowledge which abovo all othors is most essential to volunteer corps in theso colonios. Lieutenant Deshon lins obtaiuod, wo understand, a first-class certificate from Hythe?wo stato this in reply to a lotter wo inserted a fow days ago from " CopporOnp," and from all we havo heard, will bo a most ablo instructor. An unusual stir is now going on at tho barracks, and recruits nro t'nst pouring in. In theso days of prospective turnioil.it is ns woll that tho youth oftho colony should dovoto their attontion to nn oxoreiso which, to say tho least of it, is of physical advantago to them. Whilst ou tho subject, we may direct attention to tho arms now supplied to volunteers. Thero is no reason whatovor why, aftor a short probation, they should not be provided with tho military regulation Enfield rifle, in placo of tho short rifles and sword bayonets. As showing tho value of building sitos in favorite situations, wo may mention that four ollotmonts, each containing about a quartor of an acre, noar to tho Observatory,^nnd having a frontage to Loichhardt-strcot and to tho road leading to AVickhatu Terraco, were sold by auction yesterday for tho aggregato sum of £6S0, or nbovo £700 por acre. Thu hilliest prico realized was £280, and the lowest £110, thc terms being equal to cash. The Molbourno Argus says:?"Hy tho jAdatn Scdgowick have arrived twenty-two Cnshmero goats, for the Acclimatisation Society. Theso gnats aro n portion of tho same flock brought down to Calcutta by Dr. Chalmers, and their arrival increases thc flock of these valuable animals to over fifty head. Tho condition of tho goats lvflccts the highest credit on Captain Davey and thc oflicors of tho ship, ni nothing hut thc nmst careful attention could have landed Mic goats in such excellent condition. By tlie same ship havo nrrived two Indian sparrows and niuo mino hirds, being the sole survivors ol' a largo number shipped by Mr, ll, L, Butler, of Cal- cutta. The first practice meeting of the members of the new singing class formed by Mr. Paul Atkinson, will be held this evening at St John's school-room, when we trust the attendance will be such as to encourage that gentleman in his arduous but praiseworthy undertaking. Although held in a building not usually devoted to unsectarian purposes, the class is open to all those who are lovers of tho "divine art," and it is intended, we believe, that the new classes shall take the place of the defunct Philharmonic Society* Hitherto, Brisbane has not been in a position to boast of the support accorded to profes- sional men in this particular walk, but we trust that there is now a sufficiency of musi- cal talent in the place to justify the hope that the efforts of Mr. Atkinson will lead to the establishment of a flourishing society - useful to the members as a means of instruction, and to the public as affording an occasional opportunity for amusement. The Melbourne Argus in a recent issuo says:?"A largo collection of seeds-Was recently sent to Sir Rodiiiond_ Barry by tho Governor of Malta, Sir Gaspar Do Marchant, and amongst them were some of tho variety of clover called 'souli.' Tho bulk of tho seeds buvo boon banded by Sir Redmond to Dr. Mueller, by whom arrangements bavo been mado for their distribution amongst the various agricultural societies of tho colony t through'tho Board of Agriculture...-'.As tho souli seed may probably fall into tho bands of somo persons who are not acquainted with its valuablo properties, tho following descrip- tion of it, givon in n letter from Sir Gaspar, will be useful and interesting :?" It is a kind of clover that runs up about three feet, mid is peculiarly adapted to our climate and wants; for during tho winter, when housed, it retains so much of its saccharine matter aq to make it ton times moro nutritious to all animals than any English grasses. In sum- mer, it is cut for green food." AVe take tho following interesting para- graph from tho Melbourno Argus of thc 23rd instant:?" Mr. Bryco Ross, Mount Korong, writing to tho Ballarat Acclimatisation So- ciety, as to his efforts in the cultivation oftho mulberry, at AVudderburne, says :?' My four years' individual labors, like thc coral-reef in- sects, bavo boen gradually laying Hie solid foundation of an industry that will yiold in time a fino revenue to tho government. Ono thing boar in mind : Up here wo have many thousand acros of poor, barren, stcrilo land, fit for no agriculture, but, trenched a bit, it suits tho mulberry, tree first-rate; so that it is not only tho rovenuo that will ariso from tho silk, but tho quantity of hitherto useloss land it will tako up, and further givo a won- derful impetus to gold prospecting, especially through minors having familios. The silk produced from my loaves, markot price, 40s. por pound, forty pounds an acre, £80.'" 