SYDNEY, TUESDAY, SEPT. . 15, 1863. THE belief in ghosts appears to be one of those popular delusions which bid lair to defy for ever the progress of physical science, and the spread of general enlightenment. Spiritual quackery of all kinds possesses irresistible charms for the uncultivated intetleot, and the social history of the world sufficiently shows that there is no da* lusion too gross, no imposture too barefaced, which may not confidently reckon on a legion of admirers and disciples. We of the present generation, however, have allowed a foolish notion to take possession of our minds that the days of this dark and disheartening oredulity are over. We are ready to admit that "the dwellers in remote, villages still ding to the superstitions ot their forefathers, but we scout the idea of such superstitions, making their way amid the flare of gas- lamps and the scream of railways. The inhabitants of the Hebrides, it is said, attempt in the present day to cure mad people by flinging them into the sea wi'h a rope round their waists, because they believe that affections of the mind affect the specific gravity of the body, and conse- quently that a madman will float where a sane man would assuredly go to the bottom. Such a belie! may be very natural and. proper in the Hebrides, but it is not at all likely that it would thrive anywhere else, except perhaps at'the Parramatta Asylum. But let ns for one moment reflect on the progress of what is called spiritualism, even uv the fashionable capitals of modern Europe. Rubbish as it undoubtedly is, it. yet numbers its disciples by thousands, who would rush to war with all the ardour of the sons of ISLAM in its behalf. A work recently published, under the title of "Incidents in my Life,' by D. D. HOME," may be regarded as one of the most remarkable products of the Press in tba present day. - Its author is the celebrated " Spirit Medium,", known to almost every drawing-room in London, and regarded by one half of Europe as the greatest hero, and by the other half as the greatest impostor, of the age. It presents us, on the one hand, with a narrative of incidents which surpass, in unmitigated absurdity, all the narratives of the stock impostors of history, and on the other hand, with a picture of the most gushing simplicity and the most unbounded credulity on the part of highly educated and intelligent people. Who. would consent to believe that the spirits of departed men would leave their dread abodes fa order to animate chairs and tables, to indulge in gossip communi- cated by raps and taps, and to float a special favourite through the air? Yet thousands of men and women, not the low and ignorant, bnt the refined and educated, of society, believe all this on the authority of Mr. D. D. HOME. The source of their belief renders the belief itself a matter of less wonder than it might otherwise appear. It is impossible to eradicate the belief in ghosts or spirits. We have all been so faithfully drilled into this creed in our childhood that, like an hereditary disease, it, crops ont at the fitet favour« able opportunity for its appearance.! The Cock 1<ne Ghost upset in a moment the j philosophy of. Dr. JOHNSON, and left him no rest until he had satisfied himself of the im- posture, fio it is with all of us. Anything, then, that tends to fill up this gap in the intellectual standing of the day is calculated to effect a decided good. But how is it to bs done ? Certainly not by reason. » We might give courses of lectures all the year round, illus- trated by the prettiest of chemical experiments, and yet feil in our purpose. The Stage, the popular and not the least efficient school-room of the day, has at last enabled us to accomplish it. Tho "Patent Ghost" invented by Professor, PEPPER of, the Polytechnic, will do more to ?. annihilate . a vulgar and degrading superstition than a whole Australian Library on 'the subj sot. The man or woman who ¡ has .learned to laugh, at the " dread ful fright" experienced by Messrs. ROGERS and YOUNOE at tho sight of a ghostly apparition, will cease to look under the bed or to shudder nervously in the dark. But the tide of onr exultation is suddenly chocked, and we are thrown back into the stagnant ignorance of old. Our readers have doubtless read a sermonéate on " Theatrical Performances of Ghosts" signed; G. H. MOH'ETON, whioh appeared in the columns of our cotemporary . yesterday. The reverend author informs us that he has " sometime, spoken from the pu'pitof thé theatres aa being places well calculated to demoralise the minds of the'frequenters," and then proceeds to say that ' the < present ghostly performances are admirably calculated to substantiate his argument. The premises on which this astounding doctrino is besad are worthy of tho conclusion. In the first place, the Bev. Mr. MOBETUN assumes that all the. world believes 1 in ghosts, and io tbe second pince he tresta ns to a ludicrously false defiaitfoa of what tho world means by the word ghost. Tba fallacy of look, ing tlpon oneself ss combining in one luminous focus all tho floating rajs of intelligence is by no means uncommon with thoBe who are accustomed to address their fellow creatures ex cathedra. It is painful to see the extent to which Mr. MORETON has suffered himself to become the victim of this fallacy. We give him every credit for good intentions, but we cannot refrain from disputing his conclusions. Had he permitted himself to recognise the fact that a belief in ''ghosts" forms no part of vital religion, but is simply a worn-out remnant of superstition which all men would gladly set rid of, he woulcf have seen the absurdity of mounting his Rosinante on the present occasion. At any rate, he ought to haye seen the absurdity of pronouncing a ghost to fae something totally different from what a "ghost'* really is. " By a gho3t I understand that part of man which, though existing in and animating the body, is nevertheless totally distinct from it and will survive (he death of the body.*'. No one io the present day attaches any such meaning to the word, either in writing or speaking. The idea suggested by it is a shadowy resemblance of a departed human being. Mr. MORETON, however, confounds that which can only exist after death with that which exists during life. Beset by such fallaoies as these, it ÍB hardly surprising that he should have arrived at such ludicrous conolnaoDs. Why he should consider it less dreadful that Mr. Y LUNGE should attempt to embrace the ghost of a young lady than that he should drink a glass of beer with the ghost of a Dutchman does not appear : or why he should be so much shocked by ghostly pugilism on the stage after admitting that ghosts probably do fall out and fight " in the region of darkness" is equally obscure. The concluding reference to a hostile encounter between the ghosts of the performers and the ghosts of the patrons of the Prince ol Wales Theatre at a fu ure period is not the let st entertaining part of this remarkable $eu d'esprit. The idea suggested is that of Mr. YouNGfE the performer, and Sir JOHN YOONG the patron, meeting io Hade", and " retaliating for their injuries" in a series of "rounds." We conclude with an approprhte extract from an ably written article on " spiritualism" in the Cornhill Magazine for June last, which we cor- dially recommend to Mr. MORETON. The dia- logue refers to Mr, HOME'S spiritualistic feats "Why is not the theory that a spirit br spirits oarrted him a reasonable explanation f Because, apart from these alleged facts, the trnth of which is in dispute, there is no evidenoe that there are such things as spirits. Do you not believe in the human soul? Yes. Tben ÍB not every in- stance in which a nurse carries a child about the room as much a case' of a spirit carrying a body, as Mr. HOME'S elevation could be? No doubt. Then why should not the spirits carry Mr. HOME? Beoiuse conclusions cannot carry premises. Our notions about spirits are derived entiroly from observa- tions on matter ; matter is the bidden external cause to which we refer our sensations, and mind or spirit the hidden something whioh receives or* perceives those sensations ; bat I know of no evidence, except the very stories¡in dispute, to show that there are things called ghosts flying about in the air ; and, allowing thes3 stories to be true, they appiar to me insufficient to prove it. ? Believers in ghosts affect to derive their belief from experience. In truth, their belief is antecedent to their experience. They begin by believing in shadowy things in human shape, which they call - spirits, and then, when they heir rapping, they say it muBt bé a spirit wbieh made ir. In just the same w»y> the Pagans believed that there waa a god, oalled Apolo, ' who presided over prophecies and oracles, and if any one. doubted Apollo's exist- ence, they appealed to tbe prophecies and oracles to prove it. Then, do I understand you to soy that you do not believe in a future state at all ? I think, on the contrary, that that belief is the most reasonable and most important of all human beliefs--as reasonable and as im- portant as a belief in a God. ? It is, however, a formless .belief.. That, in «orné way or other, conscious existence will continua after death, I firmly believe ; but the conditions of it are matter of conjecture. We are altogether ignorant on .the subject. We have no more reason to believe that a man, on dying, turns, into what you call a spirit-that ÍB, a thing like his former self, only thinner-than that he turns into a haystack.". _. 