FAREWELL BREA1CFAST TO THE BISHOP OE MELBOURNE. A farewell break'ost-wds given yesterday mom ing to the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Mel bourne, at the Criterion Hotel, tor the purpose of affording an opportunity to the clergy and laity of the diocese to present hin- lordship with addresses previous to his departure for. Europe by the Royal Mail steamer. There were upwards of 200 ladies and gentlemen present, and an excellent repast ?was provided. The chair waa occupied bv tho Very Rov. Dean Macartney,. and the Vioe-Chairs by the Vena, the Archdeacons of Portland and Castlemaine. On the right of the chair was Mrs Perry, his Excellency the Govornor, Lady Bowen, and Sir James Palmer ;. and oa the left, Lady Burkly, the Lord Bishop, his Honor the Chief Justice and Lady Stawell, and Mrs C. J. Griffiths. There were in all about thirty-aix clergymen in attendance. It had been intended that a choir j should be present, but it was found impossible to' arrange for this. Alter the cloth had been withdrawn, the venerable chairman returned thanks ; after which the XGI. Psalm was rend by the Rev Mr Chase, and prayer was offered by the Rev G. Goodman. Tha Te Deum was then, chaunted by the company, to the pianoforte ac companiment of Mr C. E. Horsley. Tha Very Rev the Dean then read the address of the clergv, to the Bishop, nB follows : — ' To tho Right Reverend Charles, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Melbourne. — May it please your Lordship,— We, the Dean, Archdea con, and clergy of this diocese of Melbourne, de Bire that your Lordship should not quit our shores for a visit to England without receiving an assurance of our high appreciation of the manner in which, for upwards of fifteen years, you have so worthily filled the office of bishop, as well as of our personal regard. Although but few of us have been associated with your lordship in tho work of the ministry from the commencement of your episcopate, we all most cordially unite in these expressions of esteem and love. We think this a fitting occasion for referring to those evidences of Divine blessing which have been vouchsafed to this diocese during the period already mentioned. On landing at the commencement of the year 1848, your lordship found in thi; colony only three clergy men and three churchec, one of which was finished. There are now upwards of eighty parishes or ecclesiastical districts, and ninety ' clergymen, besides mnny lay assistants— at the present time saventy- seven churches, forty-seven parsonages, and one hundred and ninety-six: parochial schools are either complete or in process of erection, and there ore incumbents or officiating ministers. Four archdeaconries have been created by your lordship, embracing all the most thipkly populated district*), the orga nisation of which tends to improved order as well as increased vigor. Especially would we congratulate your lordship on the success which, has attended your efforts, not only in, preparing the framework of our Church. Assembly, but in procuring the Royal assent to the act from which its powers are derived, and by which the clergy and laity of the diocese are enabled to co-operate effectively in regulating the affairs of the Churoh. Wo admit with devout humility that without the presence and power of the Spirit of God all Church efforts and organisa tion will be in vain, however earnest may be tho one, however wisoly contrived the other. Paul may plant, Apollos water, but God alone givoth. the increase. We would, however, express cur conviction that whiUt we have theBe proofs of expansion in these recorded results, and of order and of consolidation in our arrangements, we havo what is vastly more precious— the Bigns of the effec ual bles3ing of the Holy Ghost. We feel that the church of this diocese owes much, under God, to your lord ship's untiring exertions and earnest prayers, and we beg to assure you that we shall not cease to make mention of you and Mrs Perry in our prayers, that He who rules the winds and the waves will guard you on your voyage ; that our gracious Father will preBBrvo you in health and strength during your sojourn in England ; that He will guide you with wisdom and grace in carry ing out those plam in connection with the work of the Church in which you ? purpose to engage ; and finally, that He ?will bring you back to those shores in the fulness of the blessing of the Gospel of Christ.' The LonD Bishop replied, referring especially to the kindly association which had always existed between himself and the clergy of his diocese, and also to his mission to England, with. a view to recruit their ranks. After some further remarks, his lordship thanked them for the kind address which they had presented, and resumed his seat. The Chief Justice then rose and presented the address of the laity, which he read as follows: — My Lobd, — We, the laity of the Church of England in Victoria, desire.;to . offer to yourself and Mrs Perry our best wishss that !you may have a prosperous voyage to Europe and a happy reunion with your friends, and that it may please God to bless your efforts to promote the interests of the ohurch in; this oolony, and to favor you. with a speedy return. No comparison of your diocese as it existed sixteen years ago with its present aspect, is needed to convinco us of the vnlueof your services. Froma burden of reproach ful inactivity in which it then existed, precluding alike favorable comparison with other churches, or with the evidence of advancement in ex treme civilisation, tho Church of England has emerged into order nnd established itself on a firm basis. Churches havo been erected in all the various centres of population. A staff of clergy with auxiliary readurs are . .actively engaged, throughout the length nnd breadth of the land. A provision not altogether inadequate for their sustentation is annually raised, and a framed con stitution is in harmonious operation for the admin istration of its secular affairs. If to these proofs of. progress and nettled ordor might be added thoseof a cathedral and college, and the endowment of both, these and of the regular parochial clergy, our satisfaction would be complete. We recognise* however, in what has been actually accomplished, an effort not altogether incommensurate with our present condition as a colony, and we recognise not leas the leadership of a chief whose ability and zsal are alike companions. Permit us however to say that it is this very recognition which affects us with appre hension for the consequence of your absence. Already in the boeom of tho Church has appeared a tendency to schism without adequate cause, while externally clouds in the political horizon, afford cau'e for alarm. We have good confidence, however, in God, that ho will avert tho evils both, external and internal of which these may be re garded as premonitory signs. If the Apostle Paul foresaw and forewarned his converts at Ephesua of dangers which impended, we may surely be excused some anxiety on tho score of your lordship's absence under the present aspect of affairs. Tho connection between church and state, and tho inharmonious action introduoed into the latter by any dtfoctiveness of constitutions in the former, are subjects of deep interest to the Christian philosopher. In an age of general mental culture like the present, it is not 6u/licienfc that tha clergy should be pious, but they ehould be learned also, that by their personal character they may command publio esteem, and by their learning be eblo to repel every attack on their common faith. The union of these qualities in a remarkable degree in your lordship's character inspires me with confidence) that you will require them as primary qualifications of your clergy, and that we may entertain through hopo that while ' righteousneeB and peace kiss each other,1 learn- ... ing may not be found incompatible with piety, nor Christian concord' with religious liberty, but that all may flourish together nnd becomo tho glory of our land. Once more we rtitsrate the expressions of our esteem and good wishes,' Sea. The Loud BisHov replied at some length, re ferring to tho position held by the laity in the church, and to the relations which should subsist between them and tho clergy. He congratulated them upon the position which they held, and ex pressed ft hopo. that they would long continue to work zealously together for the good of the churoh. He thanked them for their kind address. The Old Hundredth Psalm was now sung, and His Excellency tho Goyirnob, in a brief spsech, proposed tho Colonial Church in its filial relations. Tho Very Rev the Dean then detailed his experiences during fifteen yenis co operation. Ho commenced by referring to the voyage of his Iord3hip to those shore?, alluding especially to tho decency of life observed by the voyagers in the same vessel, and remarking that it would be well if they could lave a Bishop in every vessel, where his influ ence was to good. He then detailed the difficul ties which those connected with the early church in tuis colony had to encounter, and paid a tribute to the memory of several earl7 and zealous workers who had since passed away. The Hon. Sir J. F. Palmer then spoke on the topic, ' Synodiol action,' lifter which The Rev. H. II. P. HANDPifcr,D Bpoke on ' The Laborers for the Harvest.' He referred to the great increase of strength which tlie clergy had attained under the government of his Lordship the Bishop, and said if that increase should con tinue one Bishop would not be enough. Ho trusted that the Bishop would be able when in ^England to induce clergymen of real ability to come here. The speaker alluded to mwy subjects in connection with the position of the church, and especially to the importance of training and theo logical colleges for bringing up youths to the church. He concluded by expressing a hope that they would long continue in a 'state of increasing 'prosperity. Mr W. Stephen ppoke in regard to the present growth and future prospects of the church, and particularly on the latter division of the subject. lie looked on the Church of England as tne church of Englishmen, and was glad to see that it was likely to become the Church of their ad pted country, despite the efforts of those who tried to prevent its prr grass. He explained the constitu tion ot the Church and the relation between laity snd clergy ; and related some facts in the Bishop's career at Cambridge, where ho (Air Stephen) was at the same time. He said, Mr Perry, as he then was, was always looked upon as a man of Bingle mind, and one who worked for others rather than for himself; (Cheers.) This was the Bpirit in which they should all work ; and he trusted that 'by so doing, the Church would continue to in crease in prosparity. Dr Bromby spoke on the episcopal office as the centre of union. He referred especially to the ancient Gieeks, and remarked that they always desired in colonisation that the altars in their adopted country should be first lit with the living spark from the father land. He believed it had been so here, and he hoped the truth might long continue to fljurish and to increase in strength. After a few farther remarks, the rev. doctor resumed his seat. Thi Doxology was then sung, and the Bishop pronounced the Benediction, after which the meuting broke up. 