THE MONSTER PIC-NIC AT SUNBURY. Tho pio-nio railway excursion to Sunbury camo off as successfully as a bright sunny day, pleasant country scenery aud abundant variety of holiday sports, could contributo to sncco3s. Excursion trains loft tho Sponcor Streot Stution ou Saturday forenoon, crowded with thoso of tho townsfolk who wished to enjoy a day's recreation, and colobrato, away from tho hum of the city, tho festive season ou the banks of Jackson's Crook. From 2000 to 2500 availed theni3olvcs of tho trip thus afl'ordod, including, sovoral of tho Euglish orickotors ; and, after a rido of about three-quarters of an hour across the Keilor plains — perhaps the tamest bit of scenery near Melbourne — the party reached tho Sunbury station in safoty, from whioh a short walk, of about half a milo, led to tho scono of tho day's sports, situated to tho eastward of tho railway lino, and noar tho small watorcourso boar ing tho name of Jackson's Crook. Tho location was in overy respect well suited for tho purposo, boing a nico level piece of ground, of about forty or moro acrcs in extent (u'portion of which has lately been leased for a novo) industry), surroundod with sloping hills, which hero and tlioro bore traces of tho plough in tho green crops that covored them, and intor sporsod with numerous troos, in which tlio black wood and blno gum wero tho most conspicuous. In tlio centre of tlio ground Mossrs Mnllum and King had eroctod a largo refreshment booth, in which a numerous train of bar attendants aud waitresses woro kept busily omployed during the day, dispens ing iood liquors, nnd sorving up moro_ substantial refreshments in the luncheon room adjoining. In front an extensive marquee was fitted up, under which, to the strains of a cupital band of music, and under tho superintendence of a professional M.C., tho merry polka or walta wore indulged in at intervals. Others, to whom dancing ofiored no attractions, were provided with various descriptions of amusement, in which foot bnll, cricket, swinging, jumping, and raoing, woro tho most noticeable. Kissing in tho ring — a pro minent fcaturo in such social gatherings — was, of course, not forgotton, nnd, indoed, Boomed to bo tho favorite amusement of Uiq day. Rings were formed everywhere, and, judging by the merry laughter which surrounded tbuni, their occupants heartily enjoyed themselves. A few more quietly disposed couples paired ofl along tho creck, whero they en joyed, under tho shade of a gum- tree, tlio refresh ment with which they were provided. Larger parties, no doubt pre-arranged, might ? also bo seen nt intervals enjoying themselves in ap proved pic-nio fashion, away from tho hum of tlio uiultitudo. Tho day passed pleasantly, every ono apparently woll satisfied with his trip, and tlio sports which had been arranged. Good fel lowship and good feeling existed on every side, and to as great an extent ns tho most sanguiuc supporters of such meetings could havo anticipated. Young people of both sexes met who had never mot beforo, a.u(h ctji°}'cd thcmsolves right heartily ; and even staid old married folks might bo seen kissing in tho nug, or othorwiso joining iu tho sport3, with ns much apparent zest as their juniors. A11 accident occurred towards tho closo of tho afternoon whicli was tho subjcct of much regret. Ono young woman, 111 bomg pursued around tho ring, slipped and foil, nnd ill putting out her right baud to save herself, tho ann broko a little above tho wrist. This mishnp put a stop to tho kissing in the ring, and in fact broko up tbo rest of tiie amusements. Towards evening a great many of ^ tho party began to make their way ^ towards tlie station, in order to get to town by tho early train ; and oro six o'clock moro than one half had left tho ground. Tlio remaiuder followed shortly afterwards. THE PANTOMIMES. Although tho thermometer marked nil exalted, figure that would have startled tho shivering Lon don crowd around the theatre door on Boxing day evening, Cockney dovolion to tho gonius of panto nnmo, which braves all the horrors of tho situation, could not surpass tho rush that was mado to tho theatre doors on Saturday long boforo tho opening thereof. By six o'clock Bourko street was crowded aud impassablo, and everybody seemed animated by tlie resolution togctin — with unfracturod ribsifthoy could — but to get iusido of tho theatre. In zeal for tho pcrformnnco of tlio historian's duty, wo cannot recollect an eqnul crush in tho effort to gain admis sion to tho stalls of tho Theatre Royal. Such an impetuosity of eagerness to endure tbo orusli and. heat of a sub-tropical Boxing-day night was suroly novel- boforo seen in any hemisphere. Tho porils to crinolino and coquottish littlo bonnets, to say nothing oi lifo and limb, was dreadful to be hold, heightened, ns it was, by the piercing cries of women aud children, flattened into tlio proportions of pancakes ; and, as foolish women would bring helpless children into tho crush, wo expected to havo to record a wholesale massaoro of tho innocents. The crowd, albeit inspired by some thing strougor than the air of Brighton beach, was, howovor, tolerably good nuturod, if rough — though we noticod somo very ruffianly conduct by well dressed brutes towards helpless woinon. A small forco of police, who guardod tho vostibulo, gallantly did their best to liolp the struggling foinalos, and behaved with excollcut temper in the discharge of a couple of hours of as-hot and arduous duty as con constables of polico wero ever sot to porform. Judging from the crowd who failed to gain admis sion, tho oarly rnn of tho pantomime promises a few moro crush nights, nnd it would bo woll for tlio management to tako counsol with tlio polico autho- ? rities for a stronger forco. THE THEATRE ROYAL. A ' Jonny Lind night,' which soorns to bo tho old-world simile of nltitudo in a theatrical crush, was nothing to tho rush that was mado for sitting or stauding room iu tho Thoatre. In a fow minutes aftor tho oponing of tho gatos and doors overy seat and standing place in boxes, [ stalls, pit and gallories was packed as closely as a herring barrel, with animated beings as eager to soo ns a young author on his first night, and with tho ondurnuco of Sala manders. Tho sight, 011 tho wliolo, must havo boon much moro plousant to tho managerial vision of Mr Barry Sullivan than to tho footings of tho fivo thousand souls or so who shortly stowed fi-om sovon p.m. till midnight in his spacious mansion. The oponing picco was tho smart little comedietta of ' A Conjugal Lesson,' in which Mr and Mrs Heir called forth peals of laughter, by their spirited porformauco of Mr and Mrs Lullaby. By the timo tho littlo comedy was over, tho audionca had obtained something like seat and standing sot tlcinont for tho ovoning, in positions of relative comfort, and woro ready to mako tho most of tho humors of Mr William Brough's burlosquo of 'Lalla Rookh,' or, 'Tho Prinooss, tho Peri and tho Troubadour.' This work is certainly not oE the highest order of wit, but it has merit, as Lon don burlesqnos now go. Thore is hardly any speoieB of dramatic composition which |has had greater popularity within tho last twonty years, and ? 110110 loss is capablo of stand ing tho ordoal of criticism. Two schools of writors havo hold this department of tha comic stage. Planchfi and a few followers, with wit and fancy, have converted fairy tales nnd Eastorn romanco iuto chnrming spectacles and plea sant satires, 011 things iu gouorul and political. On tho othor hand, tlioro is ayonnger school with oven greater popularity in tho world ol Cockaiguo, who simply turn great works of imagination into bur lesque, nud torture tho English languago into puro good, bad and horriblo ; tho highest cllbrts of wife and humor boing tho pnrapliraso of old sayings,, street slang and inolody. High in this school of word twisters is Mr W. Brongh, who, howovor, possesses stage-craft, nnd contrivos to make, with tho help of good actors, many of liis pieces vorjr amusing nnd efi'octivo. 'Lalla Rookh' is of this class. It has hardly n claim to wit, but it rung smoothly and keeps tho audionce alive, ovon in tho crush of a Boxing-night. Mr Brough must liavot some qualms of cotiscionco, sinco ho inakos Feramorx apologiso in the end for tho liberties taken with Mc ' Thomas Mooro — nnd tho apology, by tho way; affords no bad notion of tho stylo of Mr Brough's wit : — ? Say not wo'vo dono wrong To mako thus free with Moore's dolightful song With Mooro wu liavo made merry ; our endoavor To mako tho Mooro tho niorrior than over. The audience laughod, but thoy also cried 'Ohl' as thoy did scrcral timo, at tho loftiest of Mr Brough's flights. As spoeiinnns of the kind of wit which has for a tiiuo banisliod dramatic art from tho Loudon stago, wo may cite a few moro of tho bril liant passages. Tho crime of tho banisliod Peri is thus rolatcd aud philosophised nftor tho philosophy of Brough ; — Wttmounc: But let 1110 spoak ono momont, I imploro y a, A wretched Pori, whom despair half crazes. Luloutc : Como, wo want none of your lino pori-phrasos ; Your doom is iix'd — from liouco wo you oxilo ; No'or pass our gatos, nor cross our peri-stylo. Xamomie: But why, though, am I banisliod from your portal '! Laloutc : Because you'vo boon and gono aud lov'd a. a mortal. Namouiic: 'Tis true. JyJouti; You own it ? Namouue : Yes, I feel 'twas wrong ; Pity my weakness. Laloutc: ' Spirits should bo strong. Nomounc : But soo tho tears that now bedew my chcofe ; Spirits with so much wator must bo weak. Oh, if you know how bravo I10 is — how clovor — Ilow liandBomo — you yourselvos would lovo him. Loloutc : Never I' Noniunnii : Say, may a Pori no'cr lovo with proprioty, Bonoath iior spirit-level in socioty ? ?* Lovo makes iill equal — scorns of rank tbo rules ; Makes kings and beggars oqual — oquul fools. Lovo brings (distinctions overboard all pitchin') Tho low-born pooler to tho grandee's kitchon ; Makos tho proud heiress of paternal acres Smilo kindly 011 tho young man from tlio baker Kings will forgot their state at love's dictation, Cnbmou their rank, and railway guards thoir sta tion. Lovo makes tho housomaid carolcss, maBtorH wrotli. And makes too many cooks to spoil thoir broth. Again : — Lidoute : You'vo board your doom: you'ro banished — ^ so just go. jVi imoitne : Lovo's arrow rootod in my heart — Lidoute : Do, pray, go ; It is that arrow-root that makos ns en 1/ yo — which called forth a good omphalic chorus of ' Oh!!' Soliloquising on tho fascinations of tlio troubadour*, Lalla says 1 — He tolls such stories, though — while all iulmira Tho way tbo ^tory-tellor strikes tho lyre. I dreamt, 0I1, horror I that I was tho bride. Of tho veiled prophot of Kliorassan, tied, For life to ono, a prophet lint in name^-» And yet, how many do wo find tho samp ! E'en Derby prophets lead to Derby lossoa. ' v - When asses tako to hotting upon hossoi— ' ; Tlioro aro a good many hits of this kindi*: — Then to my notions of what's right, pray state, To mato by proxy won't appi-a\inialo. ' - . * * * w Tlio poaoe of China 1 Mockery I Don't think to tompt nvv with a pi ece of crookary * ? » ? This tatt; is past er.duranco, Pray, where's tlve policy o^»our asauranoe ? This is precisoly lovo making : — Fcramorz: Excuse mc, pray, if I sun wrong in thinking That — may I ask you, what have you been drinking ? Namoune: I've skimmed the mountains, quaffed tlie dew so pearly ? J? -cmmorz: Folks shouldn't tipple mountain dew bo early. JXamounc : What, 'gainst a peri throw out hints like these? Feramorx: 1 judge a peri hy ap-pm'-ances. Jmmounc : Sure, I've not fall'ii in your opinion — such A fall would be indeed a drop too much. Fcramorz : Not for the world 'gainst you I'd aught allege, I'll pledge my word, if you'll but tako the pledge. Tho actors diil not adhere very closely to the text, ? bnt the only local hit introduced was to tho rhyme of Betschid — 'Like tho land question — never settled.' A London audience screams at these flights of wit ; a Melbourno one smiles, aud says ' Oh.' Never theless, thanks to n strong cast, excellent acting, and somo splendid scenery and stago effects, ' Lalla Rookli' -went witli complete success, aud ?will doubtless have a most popular run throughout the holidays. Tho princess Lalla Bookh was very ?gracefully and archly played hy Miss Tilly Hurl, and Feramorz , the princely troubadonr, with excellent spirit by Miss Rose Edouin. Hinda, the lady in waiting to the princess, was enacted by Mrs jFitzgerald ; Namoune, tho Peri, by Miss Julia Milne ; Laloutc , tho discreet Peri, by Miss L. Nay lor ; and Nysitl king, Duklca 1J iinuiiz, and Pctssi Wictssi (Mr Brough is very funny in his nominal inventions), by Misses Deering, E. Higgins and Fagin. Mr Hanvood was a most ludicrous Aurung sebe ; and Mr Lambert, in Fad'adcen , tho lord high chamberlain, displayed in buffo acting all tlio in telligence he exhibits .in tho legitimate drama. Tho Khorsanbad of Mr 31. Stewart, both in getting up and enactment, was irresistibly comic. His bur IpsnuBs of famous ncrformers oil the dramatic, lyric, and ballot stages were exceedingly clever, and though thoroughly imbuod with the spirit and abandon of Christmas license, did not in any instance exceed good taste. Tho other characters, Jlofcd, the fire- worshipper (Miss Allen), Nograyt Shaylcz, Jietsohid Stikh, Lazib Bohnz, No'go, ambassador from China, Trybac, ditto, from Cashmero (enacted with quiet linmonr by Mr '\V. Andrews). Phastaslecp anil Notoogood found very good representatives, and altogether the piece was conceived ond acted with more humor than it possesses as a literary composition. It will run with increased smoothness as tho actors got moro familiar with tho toxt of their respective parts. A well-disciplined aud effective ballet company of amazons and araba, headed by Fraulein Fanny, acquitted themsolves much to .tho credit of the bnllet master, Sir Leopold. The scenes painted by Messrs Hennings and Tnnnett for this piece aro -very splendid and effective — the Peri's home, Xalla Rookh 's boudoir, the grand square iu tho Im perial city, tho Gliober's haunt, the panorama of tho journoy of Lalla Rookh, tho lako of pearls, tho cavern and tho snowy mountains. Threo splendid i scenes — the eastern revels and feast of lanterns, and tlie outskirts of tho city, in scenic beauty and effect would do credit to a iirst-class Loudon theatre. Tho grand transformation scene, with tho golden gates, alcoves, and bowers of the Peri's homo, and golden corridors of tho ferial amphitheatre, the ?work of Mr Tannott, displayed a great deal of ima gination and tasto. The dresses aro splendid. Tlio transformation disclosed Mr Henry Leopold and Mv John Edouin as tho Harlequins, Mr. T. Leo pold and W. Edouin as the Clowns, Mr G.Leopold and Mr J. Downoy as the two Pantaloons, and Fraulein Fanny and Miss Julie Edouin as rival Columbines in grace and agility. Such a combination of panto mimic talent, of course, ensured a groat success. It' is impossiblo to bear a detailed recollection of all the fun and humor and rich burlesque introduced into this happy reproduction of bustlo and business and tricks of tho gennine old English entertainment of Christmas. It reflects great credit on Messrs T. Leopold and Edouin, tho inventors of tho comic scenos and tricks, and on those at tho head of tho mechanical and property departments. At this fes tive season it is tho ollico of Messrs Clown and Pan taloon to mako merry with tho powers that bo_ ; but our dramatic caterers havo been rather sparing in allusion to local political events. A reserved judg ment of tho Supremo Court, on Christmas eve, came ?rather too late in tho day even for tho wand of Har lequin. Ono of tho oarliest hits at passing events is Mr Clown's cava for tho evils that follow pleuro pneumonia beef. This modical authority pro ceeds 011 a method quito opposed to homoeopathic principles, pouring pills by tlie peck and water by Uio gallon into the unhappy sufferer. There is a good hit at American civil war, where a box of bitter aloe pills is trans muted into a fistic arena, and tho juvenile com batants, representatives of North and South, are unceremoniously carried off under tho arms of a gigantic policeman. How to obtain fifty acres of New Zealand flax is the next prominent allusion. Mr Clown attompts politics, capsizes a premier, up sets a budget, and overthrows a ministry. Professor Popper and his famous stage ghost, of coursc, come in for a duo share of pantomimic peppering. ?Our timo- liouorod friend — tho unprotooted female — figures 111 railway difficulties. Then, tlioro is a serpontino present for his Excellency tho Governor ; a latest arrival of Murray cod, and no end of good thingB that must bo tasted to bo appreciated. In tlio third scene, tlioro is a most comic pas do fascina tion by La Signora Clownerini, alias Mr W. ISdouin. In a word, the pantomime is full of life, bustle, fun aud frolic as a pantomimo ought to be, and will, no doubt, for a tolerably elaborate season, amuse children of all growths. Tlio scenery is vary good, amongst which wo may mention, a harvest homo, Port Phillip Heads by moonlight, and a closing scone by Hennings, comprising em blematic and dioramic views of England — tho rose and Windsor Castle ; Iroland — shamrock aud Lakes of ICillarnoy; and Scotland's thistle aud Auld Reekie, tho wholo terminating with a fino allegorical tableau. Tho pantomime, which was not con cluded till past midnight, was completely successful and justified tho favorable reports which have pre cednd its production. \- HAYMARKET. Tho Christmas entertainment at this house con sisted of Rossini's comic opora of ' Cinderolla,' in addition to the timo-honorod pantomirao. One of tlio most attractive of nursery tales, full of magio and romance, ' Cinderella' whon adequately repre sented, is sure to bo received with ploasuro. It contains almost iuexliaustiblo material for amusing comedy, and tho occasional introduction into Fairy land gives a piquancy to tho situations which charms tlie senses, and awakens tho most pleasurable recol lections of ' dreams whoro thought in fancy's maze runs mad.' When represented in operatic form, it is additionally attractive ; and no fault could bo found with tbo rendering of Rossini's music ou Saturday. Mr Wharton as Dandini was as brilliant as is his wont in opera music ; and Madame Carandini, who represented tho Fairy Queen, also sang tho music allotted to her with power and effect, though sho was not quito so familiar with the dialogue as sho no doubt will bo on a repetition of tlie piece. Tho Howson family sustained the re maining characters in tho opera most effectively. Miss Emma Howson, who made her first appearance as Cinderella, will prove a most valuable acquisi tion.. She sang somo of tho soft, flowing melodies with tho sweotest expression, and embodied Cin derella with as much fidelity as imagination could desire. Her finished musical excellenco was also Bet off by tho natural simplicity and grace which marked her assumption of the character. Miss Clelio, Howson, as Clorinda, and Miss Dolly Green, as Thube, thecruolsisters, fully embodied their flaunting arrogance and unlrindness. Tho foruipr young lady .sings very nicely, but her voico is not yot of suffi cient strength to couipeto with her sister. Mr Prank .Howson enacted Baron Puinpolino with a good deal of aptitude, and as a finished musician gave effect to tho sparkling music of tlio opera. The jViiicc Felix of Mr John Ilowson was moro perfect as a musical thnn as a dramatic performance. Some of the fiuo tenor songs which occur in the Dart woro very prettily rendered by him. Mr F. A. Howson conducted tho orchestra, who ably supported the pioco ; and the chorus singers wero tolerably effi cient. The audience, however, were evidently bent upon the fun, though the music was applauded as it deserved to bo. Tlio chorus of (aries, ' While Sun beams are Glancing,' was very prettily sung, as wns also /the aria by tho Prince, ' Morning its sweets is Hinging.' Ono of tho most effective concerted pieces Viyiw ' Music floats in tho air/' by tho Fairy Queen p# d fairies ; ond the duet between tho Prince and Cinderella, ' Whonco this soft and pleasing llamo,' was delightfully sung. Tho buffo aria, ' Yo tormentors, wlierofoi e come ye,' was vigorously sung by Mr Frank Howson. Tho quintette, ' Midst doubts confusing,' and the grand buffo duet between Dandini and tho Baron, wero gems in tho piece ; and Cinderella's concluding song, ' Now with grief no longor bending,' was an exquisite pieco of vocalisation. Tho fairy enchant ment ,iyorkcd with rcmarlial.'lo smoothness for a first representation, and Madamo Carandini, as tho Fairy Queen, discharged tho duties of lier unaccustomed part with success. Tho famous magical transformation scene, in which ' tho pump kins, the mice, the lizard, and tho rat-trap,' are changed into a well-appointed carriage and pair, with coachman and footman, was hailed by tho young people with shouts of delight. The crystal fountain in the fairies' haunt, which affords to the Prince his first view of Cinderella in the form of a princess, was very effectively managed ; and so also was the transformation which follows npou Cin derella being found to bo tho succcssf ul claimant of the 'magic glass slipper, and of tho Prince's hand. Mr Simmonds, as Pedro, kept tho house in roars of laughter; and Mr Maynard, as Alidoro, tho Prince's tutor, acquitted himself creditably. Tho opera was altogether vory satisfactorily performed, aud at its conclusion, Miss Emma Howson, Mr Wharton, Mr Frank Howson, and Mr John Howson, wero called boforo the curtain. It is now so long since tho Melbourne public havo bad an oppor tunity of hearing opera, that the talented corps of musicians at the Hnymarkot must prove a very great attraction. Mr Walter Shorwin is engaged to sing alternately with Mr JohnJHowsou ; and tho Howson family, with Madamo Carandini, and Mr Wharton aro capable of affording a rare musical treat. Tho grand transformation sceno which introduced tho harlequinade was a gorgeous scenic representation of Venus welcoming the dawning of day. The harlequinado was sustained as follows: — Clown, Mr W. Renno ; harlequin, Mr Flexmoro ; sprite, Mr Stebbing ; pantaloon, Mr Stanley; columbine, Madame Strobinger ; negro clown, Mr Barlow. A negro clown is a novelty in pantomimes ; but Mr Barlow was very enter taining in his amusing selection of eccentri cities and songs. Tho pantomime included all tho old frolics and comicalities, with variations, and not a fow fresh tricks, all of which created the most uproarious mirth. A novel illustration of ' A rise in lints' snorcests a new readinc of tho lino from 'Hamlet,' 'Ho wore his beaver up;' and the administration of medicinal draughts, on tho prin ciple that desperate oases require desperate reme dies, would shake tho faitli of Dr. Sangrado himself in his own theory. An amusing scene occurs with a neighbor's house on fire. When tlio Yan Yean is turned on, tho hose emits a stream of fire, to the consternation of overy one, and the scone terminates in a Paddy's Market melfie. The difficulties and scrapes of Clown and Pantaloon fill up the intervals with the greatest drollories, and Harlequin and Columbine, with Merry Sprite, add tho grace of motion by way of contrast ; so all is bustle, noise, fun, and merriment to tho end. Tho stago machinery appeared to bo excellent, and tho delusions wero frequently startling. Tho grace ful dancing of Madamo Strobinger and Mr Flexmoro added to its attractiveness, and tho whole passed off very successfully for a first representation. The last sceno, ' Tho Foiry Dell of tho Fairy Ferns, or tlio enchanted homo of bliss,' was magnificent, and it must havo taxed the varied resources of Messrs Renno, Fry, Opio, Dennis, and assistants, to their utmost to produco it. Tho lime light and colored fires brought into view a bewildering number of beauties and changing forms of dazzling brilliance which dofy description. Tho effect was complete with tho grouping of figures from tho wings, and a final tableau brought tho fun and frolic to a termina tion. Tho pantomime was a success, but the oxtromo length of tho night's entertainment will no doubt bo somewhat curtailed, tho performance not being ovor on Saturday until moro than half an hour post midnight. THE EASTERN IIILL FANCY FAIR. ' Yo auld curiositie shop,' iu tho orderly room on tho Eastern Hill, has proved one of the most attractive exhibitions of tho season, and deservedly, for in the contemplation of many interesting subjects in this omnium gatherum ono may pleasantly pass an hour or two, and always light on something striking. Wo have already noted the varied col lection of curiosities in biblical literature. There aro one or two curiosities likewise in tlie literature of journulism. As rolics of the past, we may note a Caledonian Mercury of 1661, and, not less interest ing to Victoiians, a number of Mr John P. Fawkner's MS. newspaper, The Melbourne Advsrtiier, of dato tho 5th March, 1838, to us, judging by tho leap in progress mado in the interval, well nigh as venerable as tho Scottish Mercurie. Tho Advertiser, how over, is moro curious than amusing in tho way of reading. Thero aro advertisements of freights for Sydnoy ; bread and board, &c.;, &c.;, for tho lieges of Melbourne ; a notification that the editor can supply from 100 to 2000 feet of good cedar at sixponce per foot, not to speak of other things in the timber line. There is an intimation that at a mooting of subscribers held that day at Fawk nor's Hotel, arrangements had been made for holding the Melbourno and Port Phillip races, to bo followed of course by a dinner. Tho samo volume also contains a printed number of the Advertiser, bearing date April 23, in tho same year, and from a 'leader' wo loarn that 'Melbourno wants a surveyor, a coroner, a judge, and court, pilot buoys, and beacons, wharfs, a bridge, tho streets cleared of stumps ; besides which tho Mel bouniians want the money that is raised here by taxation to bo expended here.' Among the mis cellaneous articlos wo notice a specimen of needle work attributed to a Lady Abbess, of tho Grey Friars Convent at Edinburgh, temp Queen Mary, and a pleasing water- color drawing of the falls of the Yarra, by Mr Burns. There is a collection of interesting autographs, including a long letter from Sir Walter Scott, and tho following from the poet Bums, addrossed to Thomson, and relating to the songs : — ' How are you, my dear friend ? and how* comes on your fifth volumo ? You m y probably think that for somo timo past I have neglected you and your work ; but, alas, the hand of pain and sorrow and caro has these many months lain heavy on mo ! Personal and domestic affliction havo almost entirely banished that alacrity and life with which I used to woo the rural muse of Scotia. In tlie meantime, let us finish what we havo so well begnn. Thogen tloman, Mr Dowars, a particular friend of mine, will bring out any proofs (if they aro ready) or any mes sage yon may liavo. Farewell ! Yon should have had this when Mr Dewars called on you, but his saddle bags miscarried. I am extremely anxious for your work, as indeed I am for everything concerning you and your welfare. You |aro a good, worthy, honest fellow, and liavo a good right to live in this world — bocauso you desorve it. Many a merry meeting this publication has given us, and possibly it may givo us more, though, alas ! I fear it. This pro tracting, slow, consuming illness whicli hangs over mo, will, I doubt much, my over dear friend, arro3t my sun before he has well reached his middle car reer, and will tur.i over tho Poet to far other aud more important concerns than studying tho bril liancy of wit, or tho pathos of sentiment. Howovor, hope is tho cordial of tho human heart, and I endea vor to elierish it as well as I can. Let us hear from you as soon as convenient. Your work is a great ono; and though, now that it is near finished, I seo if wo wore to begin again, two or threo things that might bo mended, yet I will vontnro to prophesy that to future ages your publication will be tho text book aud standard of Scottish song and mnsio. I am asliamod to ask another favor of you because you havo beon so very eood already, but my wife has a very particular friond of hers, a young lady who sings well, to whom sho wishes to present ' The Scots Musical Museum.' Ifyouhavo a sparocopy, will you bo obliging as to send it-by the very first Fly, as I am anxious to havo it soon. — Yours over, — R. Burns.' This interesting relic of tho poot is to be rnflled for tho benefit of tho religious purpose for which this collection has beon formed. Another relic of tho pout is shown in somo versos preserved by a Mr Irving, of Dumfries. They aro interesting chiefly as a stndy, for tho evidence is plain that they aro but a draught thrown off ill an hour of irritation, or perhaps tho inspiration of too much of a certain Caledonian fluid : — To tho Earl of ? My lord, I would not fill your chair, To ho file proudest noble s lieir ; I came this night to join your feast, . As equal of tho best, at least. 'Tin true, that cash wi' me is scant, And littlo t rides that I want ; The King lias never made me kneel, To stawp my manhood with his seal. But what o' that ! the King on high, Who took less pains in you than I, Has filled my bosom and my mind With something belter of its kind. A something which, I cannot well contrive to spenk, But by its impulse I can know, It's deeds, not birth, that make men low. Your rank, my lord, is but a loan ; But mine, thank Heaven, iu all my own ; A peasant 'tis my pride to be — Look round and round yffur hllllj find seo Who boasts a higher pedigree. I was not fit, it seems, to dine With those fox-hunting heroes fine ; I But only come to play the fool. Among your lordship's hopeful school. I There must be hero some sad mistake, I would not play for such a stake ; Bo a buffoon for drink and meat, And a poor earl's tax-paid for seat. No, die my heart, ere such a stain Descends on Robert Burn's name. Tho exhibition has already raised £350 for the Presbyterian church fnnd. The collection will bo kept open for threo days longer, and we may havo an opportunity of noticing the interesting contri butions of pictures by Mr Tilke, which for want of a ladder, wo were unable to examine properly on Saturday. MR. VAN BERCKELAER's ART GALLERY. It may be doubted whether tho Victorian holiday maker has over before enjoyed the opportunity for sight-seeing in high art — at least in the form of pictnros — now afforded by the fino collection of Mr Van Berckelaer, at 24 Swanston street. We havo already endeavored to indicate the high merits and value of these works as faithful representations of somo of the masters of tho great Italian school. Before tho collection is dispersed — if dispersed it must bo — those who have a tasto for tho fino arts should not lose this rare opportunity of studying some great efforts of genius and art reproduced with admirablo truth and feeling. We may take this op portunity of referring to some minor points of in terest, which tho length of the previous notice and characteristics of tl.e greater names represented, precluded. Ono distinguishing merit of this collec tion is that it affords tho means of stuitying the works of some artists of eminent worth only now to be found in tho great galleries of Europe. Tlio works of the younger . Allori, who lived from 1577 to 1021, and is here conspicuously repre sented are vfiry scarce, notwithstanding bo pos sessed great facility. His manipulation was so excellent that pictures from his palette pass tho critical eyes of connoisseurs as duplicates by Coreg gio. Tlio ' Judith and Holofemcs,' which attracts the attention of the visitor at once, is reckoned one of the foremost efforts of Allori's pencil. It is in teresting, as containing his own portrait, as also that of his mistress, who figures likewise appropri ately enough in his celebrated ' Magdalen.' Of Baroccio, a follower of Coreggio, thero is a good specimen (and thoso aro precious), a ' Mother and Child,' rather pinky and artificial to our tasto, but with points of excellence enough to justify the warm commendation by Sir Joshua Reynolds of this ar tist. Castiglione, a Genoese painter of the seven teenth century, was highly esteemed by his contem poraries, who called liim ' Grechetto,' from the beauty of his color, a merit wo fail to appreciate. But his works aro very interesting for his truth to nature in the representation of animals. Tho little picture in tho present collection, ' Noah's Ark,' affords a good deal of display of his powers and nnp.nlinriMnn. From a dillbrent shool thero is a small and well executed copy of a line work by the Flemish painter, Sneyders, tlio sixteenth century precursor of tho Laudseers and Rosa Bonheurs. In somo art books it is stated that he devised his pictorial lovo of the animal kingdom from Castigliono, but as the Gonoeso artist was not bom till 1016, this was obviously impossible. Though Rubens painted Daniel in the den of lions, ho did not disdain to seek tlie help of tho great boar-hunter in animal subjects ; and both llubens and Jordaens repaid tho aid in land, by painting human figures in the pictures of Sneyders. Wo are not informed as to tho history of the present picture, but we fancy that we can trace the hand ol Rnbens in the hunts men. The Dutch school is sparingly, hut rather choicely, represented in this collection. Metzu, who stands so high in genre painting, and for fide lity to nature, but without a spark of ideal life, could hardly be better illustrated in tho strength and weakness of bis art, and, indeed, in that of his school. Tho picture of tho ' Unsuccessful Sports man,' we have already characterised, and it is only to bo remarked that this excollent copy is valuable, for Metzu's works are scarce aud costly.' Do Heorn, a Dutch fruit and flower painter of great excellenco in the soventoeth century, displays his truth and art iu a beautiful fruit piece ; and Rachel ltuisch, of tho samo realistic school, who lived and labored into tho middle of the next century, and .lias been compared both to Van Huysum and Do Heom, is re presented by two pictures — ono of fruit, and the other of fruit with a mixture of animal life, in lizards and insects, beautifully painted. Though she worked industriously up to her eightieth year, Ruisch's pictures fetch very high prices in tho art market. Altogether, though but copios, this is a collection well worthy of the study of all who have a lovo for art,- and can appreciate good pictures. mechanics' institute entertainment. Professor Perring's entertainment at the Me chanics' Institute was well patronised on Saturday evening last, notwithstanding the attractiveness of tho theatres. The first-part of the entertainment consists of a lecturo explanatory of the chemical appliances by which ' wizards' and ' conjurors' perform several of their tricks, especially those of thrusting [the hand into boiling wator, liquid resin, boiling lead, and walking barefooted over bars of red hot iron. Profossor Perring, however, docs not confine himself to lecturing on the subject, but illustrates bis observations by personally performing the feats to which his lecture refers. Tho secoud part consists of a series of dissolving views, which Professor Perring also accompanies by a descriptive lecture. Several of the views aro of a vory interesting character. The ' Soldier's Dream,' which gradually changes from the vision to the realisation of home, is particularly so. The winter scenes, and views in Turkey and Egypt, with moving figures, are also excellently produced. Por traits of the Royal family, including tho Princess of Wales, one or two scriptural scenes, and a view of tho interior of St. George's Chapel, Windsor, aro very finely executed. The optical illusions with which the entertainment concludes aro in tho highest degree amusing. Tho assemblage, ou Saturday o vening, testified the pleasure afforded them by fre quently interrupting the discriptions with reiterated applause. polytechnic institute. At tho Polytechnic, on Saturday night, Mr Birch's Holiday Trip attracted an overflowing house, and many who sought admission were unable to find rtfom. The entertainment is too well known to require further description. Some new jokes and songs have been introduced, which are certainly very funny, and which, we should fancy, always prove as irrisistible as they did to Saturday's audience. sohier's waxworks. Sohior's Waxworks received tlioir share of patron age on Boxing night, when everybody was appa rently bont upon indulging in amusements of some kind. A Btream of visitors, many of whom finding it impossible to get into tlio crowded theatres, re sorted to the first placc of entertainment at hand, continued to flow in to tho last hour. Tho figures of recent criminals are naturally tho objects of greatest interest in this exhibition, aud materially aid its other attractions in commending it to the permanent favor it enjoys with tho public. THE CITY BUFFET MENAGERIE. For a fow weeks past, tho proprietor of the City Buffot, iu Bourko street, has had on view, in tho roar of his establishment, the largest captive lion and lioness in the world, which, for tbo information of those visiting tho city during the holidays, we may stato that every one is at liberty to pass through tho premises and see gratuitously. Tho lion, which is of the blaclc-maued African species, is about ten feet long in the body, and about four feet high, boing several inches longer and higher than Womb well's Wallace, celebrated for having fought fifteen bull dogs pitted against him at Warwick. In length and height he is also about a foot larger than the largest in the Zoological Gardons at Regent's Park. His great stature and fino mane gave him a most noblo appearance. Tho lioness is of propor tionate dimensions. In the same establishment tlioro is also a fiuo specimen of a cheetah or Indian hunt ing leopard, a native eagle, native bear, a monkey with hor infant, &c.; Tho animals aro exhibited by their keepers, and made to go through tho usual range of performances sovoral times during tbo day. Wo understand thnt the collection was visited by about a thousand persons on Saturday last, including some of our most respectable citizens, accompanicd by their families. EXHIBITION OF ANIMALS. The collodion of subjects of natural history on exhibition in tho vicinity of the Haymarliet Thea tre was a great attraction for tho visitors to Mel bourno, aud pleasure seekers generally, on Saturday last, having been resorted to by ubout 2000 persons. The collection comprises a number of very inter esting animals, including two beautiful specimens of the spotted axis, with fuwn ; two specimens of the mongoose, or ichneumon, ono from Egypt and the. other from India ; two whito opossumS, white faced monkeys, the gnu, tho wemall, a species of owl from the interior pf Australia, gorillas, &c.; The most striking featnro of the collection consit-ta of a splendid and very docile ox, with six legs, and a calf by the same stock, with two distinct bodies from tiie shoulder, two heads, six feet, four being in front, and two tails. Both old and young will derive muili pleasure and information from a visit. We understand that tho collection will be largely increased in the course of a fow weeks. 