SOMETHING LIKE LECTURING. Though the pleasing terrors of the optical ghost have not yet ceased to attract a throng of curious spectators, Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic Institute, has devised a new source of excitement in the shape of an interesting aud instructive lecture on one of the most awful topics of the day. 'Burning to death and saving from death' is the alluring title of his discourse, and as every unhappy victim to the ignited crinoline has supplied him with a sort of ghastly advertisement, it is by no means wonderful that his rooms are crammed to repletion. People know that Mr. Pepper is much too wise in his gene ration to attempt to instruct them only, to lecture drily on the chemical properties of combustibles and incombustibles, or to discourse with unspiced erudi tion on the subject of asbestoes. They are well aware that a grand 'sensation scene' of some kind or another is in preparation for them, _and, indeed, it is one of Mr. Pepper's great qualities that he knows how to - flavour bis rations of science with sauce of the strongest relish. Unmixed is the satisfaction with which the spectators behold him as he tests the efficacy of various antidotes to combustion, by holding a piece of muslin, saturated with each in the flame of a lamp. Phosphate of am monia, that produces carbonization without combus tion, or, to use shorter words, 'blackens without a blaze, is regarded with great respect. More lightly esteemed is borax, which allows the flame to give a sort of red-hot appearance to the muslin, and leads one to conjecture that, if it will prevent people from being actually consumed, it will not insure them against the chance of being grilled. Contempt, shared by the lecturer, is felt for alum,' which seems to be endowed with the negative virtues of a chip iu the porridge; while tungstate of Boda, and the 'patent incombustible starch9' com mand murmurs of applause. Still the pleasure as yet felt is mainly of an anticipatory kind. The ' patient incombustible starch ' manu factured at Rushton-street, Hoxton, and sold at the Polytechnic, is obviously the article to which the whole lecture is intended to lead, but everybody is convinced that its virtues will be shown in a more striking manner than the preservation of a miserable piece of muslin. The conviction is justified by the event. With two grand ' effects ' does the lecture conclude. For the first Mr. Pepper brings forward a lay-figure, attired like a lady largely be- crinolined, and stands it on a plate of iron. A light applied to the skirt of the dress soon causes the figure to be lost in a pyramid of flame, and some of the more susceptible of the spectators shriek aloud at the frightful representation of a too frequent reality. With the aid of blankets the flames are extinguished, but the dilapidated ap pearance of the figure is perhaps even more appalling than the brilliant destruction of its. garments. Now for the second effect.' We have already seen the fate of the damsel who wore crino line, but would not use .'patent incombustible starch;' we have now to behold the reward of prudence. Not a hay figure, but a real lady, attired in a duly prepared garment, takes her place on the iron plate and confidently walks up and down between to rows of flame. The fire lightly plays upon her. skirt, and leaves her unscathed, while she bravely tempts it to do its worst. Here is an excitement of the most .legitimate kind — the appearance of peril combined with the reality of perfect safety ; a.Blon din with his neck warranted not to break, even in the event of a falL Applause, of which the young lady has a share, is tremendous, and — ' What need of further argument?' says Professor Pepper. He has /»iven his auditors capital /premises for a syllogism, and if they cannot draw the conclusion they must be dull indeed. — Times. 