THEBA.RTON WESLEY"AN" CHAPEL. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of anew Wesleyan Chapel at "Jhebartuu was per formed on Wednesday, December 9. The weather was warm, but there was a large at'cndancc, the greater proportion being ladies. ■ The site of the proposed ceremony was casiiy dis the proposed ceremony . tinguishahle by the display of banting which was made. Mrs. Watsford, wife of the Jev. John I Watsford, Chairman of the Circuit, was the lady to whom the honour of performing die ceremony had I been conferred. Through severe indisposition, : however, she was prevented from being present, i and the duty devolved upon Mr. G. 1'. Harris. The service was commenced by singing a hymn i usual on such occasions, a.ter which theTlev.'iilr. ! W.vr.SFOltn read a Psalm and engaged in prayer. | Mr. CiiAKLia Newman read the following doci - J meat, wide!) with copies of the Jteyis.er and | A'lcci' i.icr was placed under the stone:— "The foundation-stone of the Wesleyan ■ Methodist Chapel, Thehartou, was laid on Wed | nesday, December!', i'-'l'i, in thc2~tli year of tire I reign of Her Most Cracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the 19th Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, by G. P. Harris, Esq.—the liev. G. Osborne being President of the British Conference: the Eev. Thomas Buddie, President of the Austral asian Conference; the Kev. J. Watsford, Chairman of the District; the Kevs. J. tVatsfcivl and W. Brown, ministers of the circuit. The Trustees of the chapel- the llev. J. Watsford, Messrs. G. P. Harris, J. Oolton, W. G Coombs, J. D. Hit*, E. C. Corlett, J. S Greer, John Slay, Ellis .Nor man, Josh. Beasley, and C. Newman. Contractor —Mr. Y.r. Pink." Mr. G. P. Haup.is then proceeded to place the stone in its proper position, and afterwards de clared it well and duly laid m the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. He then expressed deep regret at their having been de prived of the presence and sendees of Airs. Watsford, in consequence of affliction. He had been invited to otliciatc in her stead, and he felt it a high honour to take so prominent a part in so wise a work It hail tieen said that it was wise to begin a work, better to continue it, and nest of ail to complete it. He thought they had commenced a good work that afternoon. For some time past the present chapel had been found inadequate. God havinggreatly prospered the efforts which had been made to extend His cause. In the larger cdiiice which they had commenced that day cite truth as it is in Jesus would be faithfully pro claimed, and smners would be brought to a know ledge of Him whom to know is life eternal. Tiiey read in the Bible that when the Israelites wanted to erect a tabernacie their liberality was so great that it bad to be restrained by command of Moses. Though this might not be the case here, he be lieved the Trustees would have no difficulty in obtaining the necessary funds. He would conclude liis few remarks by repeating a verse of one of their beautiful hymns:— "And in that grout decisive day. When God the nations shaii survey. Then may it to the world appear That souls were born to glory here." (Cheers.) The ltev. John Watsfoed said the old cliapel seated MO persons. There was a Sabbath-school also which numbered upwards of 120 cliildreu, and their usual congregation numbered about 300 adults. It was therefore clear that a larger place of worship was necessary. The new chapel would 45x30 feet. It would accommodate many more than the old chapel, and he trusted many would receive good in that house of prayer.. They had commenced with seeking the Divine blessing, hold ing tbe principle that without God's blessing "the best concerted schemes were vain, and never could succeed." They had not laboured in vain in God's work in that neighbourhood. He trusted that their success would continue. Their Sunday-school was hi a flourishing condition, and many Iiad been led in early life to consecrate their lives to God. He trusted that the Holy Spirit would be poured out abundantly in the new edifice. He would not enter fully into the doctrines which tliey preached. They were simply —that all men were ruined by sin, and Christ hail redeemed the worid; that every lust sinner may he fully saved from all sin and made meet for a heavenly inheritance; and that all maybe saved by faith in Jesns Christ. So long as these truths were preached they need have no fear as to the result. The chapel would cost £009, towards wluc'fi £110 was raised. He trusted that the chapel would be opened without debt, aud he asked those present wiio were anxious to contribute to lay then offerings upon the stone. • The suggestion was adopted, and contributions to the amount of £115s. were placed upon the stone. The benediction closed this part of the proceedings. At C o'clock an excellent tea was provided on the second floor of the mill, and at half-past 7 o'clock the company assembled in the mi 11, "when Mr. G. P. Harris took the chair. The proceedings were commenced by Sir. Coombs offering prayer. The Chairman then referred to the varied and pleasant festivities of the day, and briefly intro duced Mr. Watsford to deliver a lecture on "Edgar Allen poe and his works." The Kev. J. Watsfobb said he had to lecture that night upon Edgar Allan Poe. He referred to the pleasure given by the study of the life of a humble and pious Christian, and the equal pain which was caused by the study of the character of those who had abused their privileges, and had gone down unlronoured to an early grave. It was his duty to look upon the last sad aspect that evening. It liad been said they should speak nothing but good of the dead, but if this prin ciple were strictly adhered to many of t be iilu strious characters of history would liave to be passed over in silence. Poe's career, he believed, was full of instruction and warning, and it was one of the penalties of doing wrong that the ana totny of such evil should be exposed for the caution of others. He then passed oil . to refer to Poe's birth, parentage, education, and early history, which, he said, prepared hint for that awful career which laid before him. He Sf;o';e also of the indecisive conduct of his guardian, Mr. Allen, in conse quence of which nis spirit was aliowed to have un curbed control. Glancing at his expulsion from college, his departure from America, aud his sub sequent varied and unsettled movements, he re ferred to his intense affection for his wife -and mother, which he looked upon as the only bright spot in his character. He next spoke of liis con nection with the Southern Literary Messenger, the Casket, the Broadway, and other magazines, and also the publication of his paper on " The Literati of New York," which became so popular, and liis poem "Eureka." He referred in emphatic terms to t he awfully dissipated and drunken career of poor Poe, and denounced in burning eloquence those friends (rather let. him say fiends) who led him to drink. Poe died in tbe hospital on October 7, 1-S49, after a drunken debauch, at the age of 38 years. What a sad, sad history! Who could think of it without weeping over it! He next noticed some of ihe principle features of his character which guided Poe in liis after career. These, he said, were the loss of liis parents in early life, the leniency of his unwise guardians, and the uncurbed power of his impulsive disposition. Poe's vices were gambling aud intemperance. With regard to gambling, he warned, with fervid eloquence, the young men present to keep away from the fascinations of the dice-box and the gaming-table if they valued health, character, and souL The same comments may apply to the lecturer's remarks with regard to drunkenness. It was sad, he said, to sec a man who might have towered to a heavenly height, and who was the first man of his day as regarded intel lect and genius, rolling in drunken debauchery through the streets uncared for by his fellows. He would say again that, in looking over his character, he could see no redeeming point in his history except the one he had previously men tioned—the love to his wife and mother. In his mother he found a friend in liis distress and a refuge when all others had cast him out. He then turned from Poe himself to his works, which he said were rich in conception and highly polished and rich in diction. In the modern literature of the horrible Poe stood alone. No one was more at home than he in the glooms and shadows of the nether world. He had, indeed, written madness, and his glance always rererted upon himself. His works were broken fragments of one of the greatest minds ever born—products of one wbo i was the greatest word artist literature could boast, of. He next referred to Poe's poems. Poe, he said, was born a poet, and was tuirivalled in rhythm and metre. The full harmonious flowing and tbe exquisite poising of liis verses was un equalled in the language. He then read in a masterly manner Poe's beautiful little lyric j "Annabel Lee," which, the lecturer said, went dancing along like a little skiff upon the summer i sea; and "The Bells," one of the most remark- ! able poems in the whole field of literature. The \ lecturer next recited Poe's wonderful poem " The j Kaven" in a manner which commanded attention, i and was honouied with loud applause. This poem, he observed, was an echo or reflection of his own life, fnriu all his sin and misery Poe Felt he needed something better when he asked, "Is there no ! balm in Gilead' Tell me. tell me, I implore." The great lesson taught by bis life was tbe total insuf lieiency of art aud culture to rescue man front the i proclivity of bis nature. He concluded a most I eloquent and interesting lecture In the following ] words:—"And now we must leave him with all ] his grettness as a poet and writer -leave him with the painful feeling that he might have soared in the morning light, but he made his nest with the i birds of niglit; that he lies in the dust, and the , stone is rolled over his sepulchre dint and cold; that he cancelled all he lias done or said, and, dis- | honoured, he sleeps with the silent dead." Tbe iecturei was loudly applauded, and received a vote of thanks from tbe meeting. A collection was also made in aid of the trust funds, and than1,::, having been accorded to the IniJ'os mnd the ! Chairman, the benediction was pronounced, and a meeting which was most profitable and interesting closed. The Fine Amu—Subscribers to the Ait Union of London wbo have been fortunate enough to obtain prizes in the drawing of 1833 will he gratified to learn that, with one or two exceptions, such prizes have arrived. They are now on view at the business premises of Mr. Culley, Flinders street. They are mostly statuettes, representing the following subjects:—"Go to Sleep," asweet little girl endeavouring it. her simplicity to transfer a vivacious-looking little dog from her own lap j to ."the arms of Morpheus." The features and attitude of the child are very artistically wrought ; out, though it may fairly be questioned whether I the Ian dog is not disproportionately large. There : are five subscribers in the colony, who are each ) entitled to one of these statuettes. The other j prizes consist of porcelain busts of H.K.H. the j Princess of (Vales and'pairs of bas-reliefs in fictile , iv-ry. The visitor to Sir. Culley"s t:teller will a'so j have an opportunity of examining the following works of art ju-a rt reived, and belonging to sul»scr:bers to the London Art Un'on. or scut " to order:"—Busts of Apollo r-i! of Olytie; statuettes, named rc.-pcctz'.'el.v " The Stepping- . Srone," "Innocence," and "Nareissn-and some j others. We may add that the subscribers are this year entitled not only toa fine engraving. (" Labour | of Love"), but to a book of other engravim r illustrative of Tennyson's "Idylls of the June " These have also arrived. In_ January, If-UU, the j Council of the London Art Ijnimi offered a pre mium ->f 100 guineas for tbe best designs in outline j or outlines, slightly shaded, illustrative of theabove poem. Tbe Council required that tbe designs ! should be characterized by simplicity of composi tion and expression, severe beauty of form, and pure and 'correct drawing. Forly-tliree sets of j drawings were sent in, containing an aggregate of 5f0 drawings. These were exhibited to the public for four weeks, and the prize was then awarded to a set of eleven drawings, which proved to be the work of Paolo Priola, a resident-of Edinburgh. I Honorary premiums of 24 guineas were also awarded to other competitors. The drawings of Priola were subsequently engraved by him. The i work referred to above as due to the subscribers j contains those engraviugs. -- ... 