-an—'''' . ? - — THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. ?tl (crowded house, on Saturday evening, con ?iJtr StS tie brilliant iirst season of Mr Barry Sulli ?acE is, Ktmagoniont at tlie Theatre Roynl. The audience which assembled on the occasion ? jjffn ttaxipliinentary benefit, was a substantial nnd n ry proof of the high favor in which he * with the Melbourne public as an actor and ? -jema&g;&r.; Bulwer's showy drama of ' Tho Lady of from frequent repetition, is now as familiar .StoEce playgoer as any stock piece of the classic atfcjrc- and if further proof wero required of its i tShzUve merits as an acting play, it was afforded on rVafewEiy, by the promptness with which every situ jatiiia: cad dramatic point was caught and applauded. 'Wjj moid not dwell oa tho oft repeated excellencies «aE 3-Cr Sullivan's C'luvde Aftlnottc, or tho graco aeem feeling of Mrs Heir s I auline. Hie play, in fiseS, Bsa.il now superadded to tho earful and intelli completeness of provious performances, a dash :**a apii-it evoked by the thorough sympathy of a . «xsmr&?d and well pleased audience. In addition to tSbc exit of tho leading actors named, Mr Lambert, sac & Sucirul Damns, and Mr Fitzgornld, as Bcau astoitf, deservedly had the same compliment after f&ej; fall of tho.' curtain. In tho latter tiaifessfcful part, Mr Fitzgerald displayed a aradeoi. improvement on his previous effort — si catSeeablo feature in tho artistic character of S&iu; acid-. The performance concluded with the old r-K3& 3_v£iising farco of ' A Ghost in Spite of HriaaTi f.' Till Boxing Night tho theatre will bo ? ttSh.%.e& for tho propnration of the Christmas ijKCj3ii£ita.e. In tho courso of tho evening Jfk- Sullivan delivered tho following address: — SSiuEisa a.ud Gentlemen, — My constant re-appearance Sr&icyou; tliis eveniiig will probably recall to tho vscai:l.£ of many present tho story of tho old French 3£«r.; -ind I almost fancy I hear somo of you -imi-iiM : ' By gar, hero's Monsieur Tonson como Notwitlistnuding which, 'Wero las tedious :MJcs. kin.:;,' as Dogberry says, 'I could find in my Sbeui to bestow it all on your worships,' rather S&niiv; icur the charge of neglect, or indeod, ingrnti by omitting the expression of those thanks are so justly your due. Tliero is an old saw, '?iric, uo man is aware of the extent of his own '»££?„ otlU he has knocked his shins against it.' In snt- vjjii behold a living example of its verity, Stir let an actor say what ho pleases, -i/r a.fifect what eaao of manner ho can, at Et always a nervous proceeding to address :nc .?sutiienco, but most particularly so, when, .tie tn. tho prosent instance ho becomes the zaxyi: fior nearly four thousand pairs of eyes to . ?slbt.ti their glances at. It is a nervous thing to .«£& tra you in set torms, or, as a legal friond of rmrr*. would say, ' with malice prepense,' and I acenar remember appearing before you undor fccl Qcgciit greater apprehension, for if tho merit of my .zskhat ss should be in proportion to the success of the ?XBases, it is intonded to toll into tho past, it ought jjm&e; tine very liest managerial speech that ever was ?arxifcc, bat I am sadly afraid it will prove the worst, Sin, Alia the Irishman who declared, 'Indeed an' tci&x; my conscience I never thried to chuck rajjjteX en heads, that I didu't come down tails' — ..32o£lcei never so fearful of a failure as when I am /atisizistious to achieve success. However, escaping Brim n tlio Lake of Como, aud the glorious battlo jppsmei af beautiful Italy, I appear before you in my . tBciitie capacity of aclor and manager, to tender you azjj feetrtfelt thanks for tho great patronage you ifcwsro bestowed npon my arduous undertaking. '$3c£g «vcning will terminate my first managerial ?itBHSEjoign, extending over ten months — a campaign f&nygH; through great depression, great exeitoment, qtpsai misrepresentation and greatly conflicting inte cesfisc^ but, thanks to your high appreciation and ShraTsSidgo of things dramatic, we have won the vic ritrj-. Our colors aro nnfaded and our coffers are 5'iifL This is undoubtedly tho Drury Lano of Aus iteiti, and I havo succcoded in placing in it tho la&sfc; dramatic company in tho country ; tho ?srstrrj- fcest scenic artists ; and a band of the vory best lyitii/kg s - 1 havo produced the very best plays and ???at na»£/Jies, in tho very best stylo ; and I am proud jjx-E gcsieful to acknowledge having received from tjors is. return the very best reward— crowded Ssxsts and thunders of applauso. I hopo and ?ibmti, ilkc arrangemonts I havo made for my next .♦sssnejwugn will merit a continuance of your favors ; Susaot my diligence — success is not new to mo — axaxsaamtb of it Can increase my vanity, or mako jxc iu tho least lightheaded ; but, on the . rtzwHifciry, more determined than over to struggle to M&rccca; it. Ladies and gentlemen, I am closing iSSbe Akeatre this evening not from any lack of gx&snage;, but to givo fair play to all concerned Se ^producing tho grand burlesque and pantomime, -ffiSi'h £ am preparing for your Christmas amuse aasrf. It will include double companies of grafcssaiuiists : two clowns, two pantaloons, two SaxzSe^uins and two columbines — tho very best in country. By the January mail I expect two sfpr&nt; artists from England ; and, no matter what »€ejm»so I may incur in catering for your amuse ofCTr I promise you tho prices shall not bo raised. 3f-r nK/'i and gentlemen, I will no longer intrudo itgisi your patience ; but hoping you will accord jttv'. -2ue amnesty for the past, and an unanimous wceSb of confidence for the future, I most respect fiifjy wish you all good night. TUB IIAYMAHKET. jfeifilio Haymarket, Mr Barlow was tho attraction ? it % Saturday, and his amusing entertainment in eScistl an account of his adventures in India, China, a miraculous escape from shipwreck, all much 7XB3B3 easily imagined than described. The other A&urc.;&tic; performances wero ' A Wolf in Sheep's Qiiizicg,' and ' Tlio Anchor of Hope.' Tho paint jjmSs and brushes of tho sceno painters of the tCJcrirtinas preparations aro busy and report speaks things of the wonders in storo for us at the S zaais of tho scenic magicians— Messrs Fry nnd ?dysfia. 