THE NORTH MELBOURNE VOLUNTEERS. I TO THE EDITOR OP TnE AGE. Sir, — Myself and other members of tho North Melbourne Volunteer Corps were much astonished on observing a notice in yourcolumns, that our company was to be amalgamated with the Melbourne Proper It fie Corps, and we turned out, almost to a man, to attend drill yesterday evening, in hopes of hearing an ex planation from Mr lliddell, sergeantcomraand mg, during tho unavoidable absence of Captain Irving. On attendance at our orderly-room, we felt more surprised, and highly indignant, on hearing from Mr lliddell that a private arrange ment had been entered into between Captains irving una enure, mat our corps was to ue ignored, and we were to be incorporated with the Melbourno company, and that in future Captain Sturt was to be our commanding officer — in fact, that our people were to be their people ; and their gods, our gods. Now, Sir, our'company has been established for over three years, and has always been effective. We have had not less than seventy men enrolled, and could, at tho sound of the bugle, turn out sixty effectives. We have proved ourselves second to 110 other company in the colony, either in attendance ou parade, in viflc matches, or in any of' the other duties incumbent 011 the ride corps. We have an orderly-room and rifle- ranges, and are not only free from debt, but have funds in hand. According to a brigade order, dated 16th September, 18G3, we are obliged to go to Melbourne and enrol ourselves under Captain Sturt j and our own identity, as a crack volun teer corps, has been completely doue away with. This has been done without consulting the wishes of the members of our company, and it is the general feeling among our selves that, with the same officers in command, under the new Act, we would be able to enrol a company superior, both in numbers and efficiency, to what we have hitherto had, if we were only allowed the oppor tunity accorded to other companies of doing so. If the present arrangements, a3 stated by Mr lliddell, are carried out, it will have the effect of preventing a large number of the late North Melbourne Volunteer Company from joining under the new regulations, as the almost unanimous feeling among tho company last night was that of disgust at tho unceremonious manner in which they had been treated. Either Mr lliddell has misconstrued his instructions, or Captain Irving has shown very little respect for the opinions of the mem ers of tho late North Melbourne Volunteer Rifle Corps. — I am, Sir, your obedient servant, A NORTH MELBOURNE VOLUNTEER. The Ghost and the Chinaman. — Dr Presliaw, the coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at the Victo ria Hotel, Urquhart street, on the body of a China man, named Ah Luck, who was found dead in his tent in Victoria Gully, 011 Wednesday morning. A rumor had gaiued currency that the deceased was mixed up in a Chinese row, which oc curred on Tuesday evening in tho neighborhood of the Joss House. The evidence adduced, however, did not throw any light upon this rumor. It ap peared from the evidenco of the deceased's mate, that ho hud been somewhat unwell, and had ex pressed his fear of certain ' ghosts on Tuesday evening he was moaning, upon which his sympatbe tic mate asked him ' whether tlie ghost was at him again?' Eventually the poor fellow died, and was left dead in his bed until a friend arrived from Simp sons's, near Maryborough. Information was subse quently given the police, and hence the inquest. Tlie jury were not satisfied with the evidence ad duced, so the inquiry was adjourned till Monday, in order that full investigation may take place. Dr. O'Ncil, of Guilford, performed the post mortem examination, and found the lungs very much con gested. — M. A. Mail, September 18. ' WnAT Will He Do with It ?' — One of those queer incidents which would be almost invaluable to a novelist occurred in tho township a day or two back. For some months, a family rcsidm? in Houston street, have occasionally obseivcd a nuiier dirty looking piece of paper stuck in the cracks of some fencing near the fowl house. No one ever took the trouble to look at it— until last week, one of tlie younger branches determined to have a re gular ' clarin up.' Accordingly all tho fowls were disturbed, their perches adjusted, their nests laid in order, aud finally tlie ground was to bo swept. The piece of paper could not be suffered to disfigure tho place any longer, so it was pulled out. What was it ? Guesses would probably include bank notes and lovo letters, but they would be far off the mark. The queerly placed document was a marriage cer tificate, all duly signed, sealed and delivered, a few months previously. 'Paterfamilias' was greatly shocked at the gross carelessness displayed, and hinted that in liis young days such things were carefully laid up in lavender, and nut left about stuck in fences. Being carefully folded und enclosed in an envelope, the certificate was returned to the gentleman whose name it bore. The finders would like to know ' what ho will do with it.' — Inglewood Advert iter, September 16. 