TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (from our own correspondents.) BEECHWORTH, FRIDAY. At the Circuit Court, before Chief Justice Stawell, to-day, Julian Gross, David Gedge and Elizabeth Scott, were each found "Guilty" of wilful murder. The crime was perpetrated at Mansfield. The victim was the husband of the female prisoner. They were each separately defended by counsel, and each sentenced to be hung. The trial lasted the whole day. The prisoner Gedge is only twenty years of age. A Chinaman is to be tried to-morrow, also for murder. ECHUCA, Fbiday. Gundagai arrived with full cargo from the Darling. Mr. O'shanassy has left for Moira station. The town is lively in consequence of the wool trausit. Ilopes are entertaintd of a change in pastal arrangements. SYDNEY, Fwdat. Messrs. Thornton, Dangar, Thompson, Har bottle, and Montefiore, are elected directors of the City Bank. The Supreme Court has affirmed Chubb's conviction. Mr. Cooper, lato gold commissioner at Arakon, has resigned hiß appointment to oppose Mr. Wilson, Minister for Lands. ' Mr. Cowper^ jun., left to-night for Tamut, to op- pose Mr. Martin. The directors of tho Joint-stock Bank have paid £400 for distribution amongst the con- stables who captured Lowry. Mr, Smart, lato Treasurer, has writtou to the- Berala re-asserting Mr. Eigor's having asked for tho auditor-generalship uuder Cowpcr's Administration, and accusing Eager of divulging a conveisation specified as con- fidential. The letter produces an unfavour- able impression respecting Mr. Eager. Business is quiet, money tight. The new Congregational church of St. Leonard's opened to-night. Arrived.-Harriet Hope, from Hobart Town; Oaroîine, from Hokianga, Sailed. - Mary Bradford, for Wallaroo ; Panama, for Melbourne, with original caigo from California. Stokes Craig sold by auction Victoria Sugar Company's white counter, at £38 6b. ; 120 tons yellow counter, at £3210i. ADELAIDE, Fbiday. This Government lias given six mouths' notice horn September last that they will coaso to collect the Murray duties, becaun; Victoria refuseB to collect dutieB on goods en terlug south-eastern district for this colony. It iii expected that Parliament will clo=( next Friday. The Appropriation Act wil come on next Tuesday. . The English mail closes on Tuesday, al norm. The Sea Shell Btiled from Port Elliott foi Melbourne with 2,490 bags wheat. The wheat and flour markets are unsettled Flonr, £12 to £12 10s. Wheat, 5s. 4tl. < Miss Gougenheim engaged another month Ghost yesterday al failure. 