EMBARKATION OF THE TROOPS. Yesterday afternoon the troops ordered to New Zealand, embarked on board the barque Isabella, chartered to convey them to Auckland. The Volunteers assembled at the various orderly or drill rooms at three o'clock, and the City Guards, with band, proceeded to the wharf. Tlie First Itiflee, with band, and the Artillery Company, with howitzers, followed and took up positions near the vessel. The Second and Third Rifles after leaving their drill rooms, were marched to the Military Barracks, each Corps being accompanied by its bpnd. After arrival at the barracks, some delay was caused by the Military not being ready, and it was some lime before they were formed, some of the privates being slightly elevated in spirits, but wh: 'ier this elevation was caused by an extra quantity of alcliolic liquors, or the prospects of soon joining the war, it is dot for us to enquire. The troops being ready, started from the Barracks and were accompanied to the vessel by tbe Secoud and Third Rifle Volunteer Corps. The bands of each company, on the march, played several appropriate airs, such as " Cheer, boys Cheer," the " Girl I left behind me," Auld Lang Syne," &c.;, &c.; There was an immense crowd of persons following, aud when upon arrival at the wharf, that number was joined to those already congregated near the vessel, it is estimated that there could not have been less thau between five or six thousand persons present. Upon tlie arrival of the troops Captain Tarleton (Artillery) assumed the command of the Volunteer force, who gave the usual salute. The Military were loud in their cheers, although amongst them we noticed faces where sadness rested, and it was evident that some one dear—or beloved associations—were being left, and perhaps for ever. Many last farewcllB were taken, and some of the troops seemed considerably affected, although it was evident tliat each did not take the parting in a. like manner. With some difficulty the troops, after arrival upon the wharf, were formed into line and Major Eager called for three checrs for the Volunteers. The call was responded to in a hearty manner, and the Volunteers immediately replied in a hearty manner, and many of the Volunteers parted by a friendly shake of t.,c ..and. The cheering bn the part of the Military was not confined to the rank and file, but the commissioned officers joined and were as vociferous as their subordinates. Numerous ladies aud gentlemen were on board the barque,which was gaily decorated, aud, in addition to the officers who are leaving Tasmania, we noticcd on the deck, Captain McKay, Captain Chesney, and several Commissariat officers. The men were now clambering amongst the rigging and cheering. The ensign being hoisted at the fore, the steamer Kangaroo came alongside, aud too\ the barque iu tow. A large number of persons also embarked on board the steamer, aud accompanied the Isabella into the stream. She dropped anchor, and will sail at daylight this morning. The number of troops on board is 110 rank and file, and the officers in charge are Major Eager, Captains Cole und Hinds, Lieutenant Featherstunehaugh, Ensign Cooper, and Stuff Surgeon Scott. After tlie barque began to heave off from the wharf, the volunteers returned to their drill rooms, and were dismissed. The City Guards and Third Rifles, however, marched towards New Town before bciug dismissed. Before concluding this brief notice of the departure of the troops, we cannot refrain from expressing a hope that they may be spared to return to Tasiuauia, and if called into action we trust they may be successful in aiding to uphold the sovereignty of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Kg" W. A. Guesdon and Co., have requested us to cnll the attention of the public to their sales this day, which are as follows—At 11 o'clock, sharp, at the mart—general merchandise, Irish butter, pork, Engpsli barley, Liverpool salt, hops, Mauritius sugar, Carolina and Patna rice, crushcd sugar, spenn candles, &c;, &c.;, Also at the mart at 12 o'clock, T. S. N. Company, and Derwent and Tamar sliares, and Waterworks debentures; and at the Constitution Dock, alongside the Macquarie, at 12 for half-past, 1G20 fine Baltic deals. ASTIIOSOMV OF THE ItSVlSlllI.E.—A few lllOUtllS ago M. Leverrier informed the Academic des Sciences that we should have to augment our estimate of the earth's mass hy one-tenth, or diminish by one-tenth the mass of the sun ; his reason beiug that otherwise no explanation could l>e offered of certain observed pertubations in our orbit. For himself, he inclined to the augmentation of the earth, and this in the shape of a ring of aerolites, the analogue of Saturn's ling. M. Foucalt shortly after arrival at a different conclusion. In two former numbers of this Magazine we gave an account of his important discovery that the velocity of Light is less than was supposed—a discovery which must alter almost all astronomical calculations, and among them that of the distance of the sun from the earth, and the weight of the sun itself. The distance being thus diminished hy a thirtieth, the weight is diminished by a tenth. Is it not piquant to reflect that hy the property of an imponderable, the weight of a mighty planet may be determined. Whether the weight of the earth or the sun be altered, is not our present object. Why are we to conclude the existence of important fact6 merely because 6light pertubations arc observed iu the orbit of a planet ? It is one of the triumphs of Science to foresee—not simply to see unborn consequences, but to assert the ision of invisible existence. Bessel is tlie creator of the astronomy of the invisible ; and the creation promises to be fruitful. He was occupied with Sirius—that sun which is incomparably larger than our own, which in ancient days burned with a brilliant red, and in our days is admired for its brilliant white. Bessel, comparing the observations recorded during a hundred years with those of the constellations Taurus, Orion, and the Twins, noticcd a certain movement of oscillation peculiar to Sirius. From this he boldly concluded that Sirius was subject to the gravitating influence of a large massof invisible matter, probably aplanet. 1 he planet conld not be seen with the naked eye, nor with the best telescope. But Science saw it, and would persist in seeing it, should its light never reach our globe. To some more cautious minds this conclusion seemed very hazardous. Even Humboldt jested with Bessel about his planetary ghosts. A disciple however, Peters, whose faith iB credible' calculated the orbit of this invisible planet' wliieli he found to be a very elongated ellipse) with an annual^movement of seven degrees, and' a revolution of thirty years. The distance of this satellite from Sirius was estimated at a few seconds. In 1862 an American astronomer, Mr. Alvan Clark, was blessed with the first sight of thiB hitherto unseen planet; and its distance was found to be ten seconds. Such remarkable confirmation of abstract provision naturally excited great rejoicing. Since then others have seen the planet, and its existence has become a vulgar fact. A second discovery of a similar kind is announced by Auners of Konisberg. Procyon, tlie principal star in the constellation of the Little Dog, is mid by him to liave a satellite with an annual movement of nine degrees, and a revolution of thirty years. Its distance is only two seconds, uoubtless we shall hear of many such discoveries. But one suffices to exhibit tlie precision and extent of sweep which the methods of modern science admit.—' Comhill.' ? ? 