ON SOME CARP AT SANS SOUCI. WE have lately made the acquaintance of an old lady of ninety, who has passed the last twenty-five years of her old life in a great metropolitan establishment, the w workhouse, namely, of the parish of Sant Levai us Stay twenty-three or four years ago, she can e cut once, and thought to earn a little money by his p-picking but being over-worked, and having to lie out at night, she got a palsy which has incapaci- tested her from any further labour, and has cursed her poor old limbs to shake ever three As life tration of that d smal proverb which tells us how poverty makes us acquainted with strange bed-fellows, this poor old shaking body has to lay teas If clown every night in her ivoikhouscbed by the side of some other old woman with whom she may or may not agree She herself can c of a vtryple>sant bed fellow, poor thing with her shaking old limbs and cold feet She lies awake a deal of the night, to be sure, not thinking of happy old times, for hers never were happy , but sleepless with each s, and aches, and rheumatism of old age. "The gentleman gave me brandy-and-water," she said, her old voice shaking with rapture at the thought I never had a great love in Queen Charlotte, but I like her better now from what this old lady told me the Queen, who loved snuff herself, has left a legacy of snuff to certain poorhouses and in her was chill nights, this old woman takes a pinch of Queen Charlotte's snuffs " and it to comfort me, on, that it do '" Pulveris existing mains Here is a forlorn aged creature, shaking with palsy, with no soul among the great snuggling multi use of mankind to care for her, not quite trampled out of life, but past and forgotten in the bush, made a little happy, and s othed Thee hours of unrest by this penny legacy. Let me think as I write (The next month's sermon, thank good- in is safe to press ) Hits discourse will appear at the sea on when I have read that vessel fowls make their at tendance at the season of pantomime, turkey and sausages, plum puddings, jollihcatiouB for school- boys , Chris mas bills, and reminiscences more or less sad and sweet for elders If we clusters are not much, we shall be having a semblance of mernment. We shall see the young folks laughing round the holly bush We shall pass the bottle round cosily as we sit by the fire That old thing will have a sort of utterance. Best, beer, and pudding will be served to her for that day also Christmas falls on a Thursday. Friday is the workhouse day for coming out. Mary, remember that old Goody PwoEhoeB has her invite t on for Friday, 26th December ' Ninety, is she, poor old soul - Ah ' what a bonny face to catch under a mistake as ' "Yes, ninety, so,' she says, " and rr by mother was a hundred, and my grandmother Wfsa hundred and two.' Herself ninety, her mother a hundred, her grandmother a hundred and two - What a queer ca eula tion ' Ninety ! Very good, granny, you were born, then, in 1772. Your mother, we will say, was twenty-seven when you were here, and was born therefore in 1745. Your grandmother was thirty when her daughter was born, and was born therefore in 1715. We will begin with the present granny first. My good old creature, you can't of course remember, but that little gentleman for whom your mother was laundress in the Temple was the ingenious Mr. Gold Smith, author of a History of England, the Vicar of WaKtJiehl, and many diverting pieces. You were brought an m OB t an infant to his chambers in Brick Court, and he gave you some sugar-candy, for the dec or was always good to children. That gentleman who well-nigh smothered you by sitting down on you as you lay in a chair asleep was the learned Mr. S. Johnson, whose history of Rasselas you have never lead, ay poor foul; and whose tragedy of Irene I don't believe any man in these kingdoms ever perused. that tipsy Scotch gentleman who used to come to the chambers sometimes, and at whom to anybody laughed, wrote a more amusing book than any of the scholars, your Mr Burke, and youl Mr Johnson, and your Doctor Goldsmith. Your father often took him home in a chair to his lodgings and has done as much for Parson Steine, in Bond-street, The limousine Of course, my good creature, you remember the Gordon Riots and crying No Popery before Mr Langdale house, the Pt pish distillery, and that bonny here of my Lord Mansfields books in Bloomsbury-square a Bless us, what a heap of illuminations you have seen ! For the gie news v victory over the Americans at Breed's Hill, for the peace in 1844, and the beautiful Chinese bridge in St James's Park, for the coronation of his Majesty, whom you recollect as Prince of Wales, Good), don't you Yes, and you went in a procession of laundresses to pay your respects to his good lady, the injured Queen of England, at Brandenburg Hour and you remember your mother told you how the was taken to see the Scotch lords executed at the lone And as for your grandmother, she was born fav e in ntl s alter the ha tie of Malplaquet She was ; where her pt or father was killed, fighting line a "bala Bilton for the Queen With the help of a Wade's Chrciiol gy, I can make out ever so queer a hasty for you, my pot r old body, and a pedigree as authentic I as many in the peerage booke ' Peerages oka and pedigrees What does she know about them 5 Ba ties and victories, treasons, kings, and beheadings, henry gentleman, and the like, what have they ever beentohei5 Granny, did you ever hear of General Wolfe- Your mother may have seen him embark, and your father may have earned a musket under him Your grandmother may have either Huzza for Marlborough , but what is the Prn ce Duke to you, and did you ever so much as hear tell of his name How many hundred or those end of years had that road lived who was b in the cial at the defunct Exhibition 5-and yet he was not a bit let her inf lined than loads seven or eight hundred by this younger "Don't talk to me your nonsense about Exhibi- tions, and Prince Dukes, and toads in coals, or coals in roads, or, what is it'" lays granny "I know there was a good Queen Charlotte, for she left me snuff and it comforts me of a night when I he awake ' To me there is something very touching in the notion of that little pinch of corn it direct out to granny, and gradually inhaled by her in the dark ne s Don't you remember what traditions there used to be of chests of plate, pulses of diamonds, H ccs of inestimable value, sent out of the country privately by the old Queen, to enact certain relations in Mecklenberg Strelitz Not all the treasure went. Iron (Mines mount A poor old palsied thing at mid- night is made happy sometimes as she lifts her shaking old hand to her nose Gliding noiselessly among the beds where he the poor creatures huddled in their cheerless dormitory, I fancy an old ghost with a snuff-box that does not creek "there, Goods, take of chopped Yon will not sneeze, and I shall not say ' God bless you,' But you will think kindly of old Queen Charlotte, won't you An ' I had a many troubles a many troubles I was a prisoner almost as much as you are I had to eat toiled mutton every day entre nous, I above- stated it But I never complained I swallowed it. I made the best of a hard life We have all our burdens to bar. But hark I hear the cock crow, and snuff the morning an " And with this the royal gal st vanishes up the chimney if there be a chimney in that dismal harem, where poor old Two shoes and her companions pass their nights-their during nights, their rts less n gins, their cold long nights, buried in what glum companionship, illumined by what a feeble taper ' Did I understand you, my good Two hoes, to say that your mother was seven-and- twenty years old when you were born, and that she mained your as seen eel father when she herself was twenty-five ? 1745, then was the date of our dear mother's birth. I daresay her father ty as absent' in the Low Coun- tnoF, with his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, under whom he had the honour of carrying a halbert at the famous engagement of Fontenoy-or if not there, he may have been u Preston Pans, under General Sir John Cope, when the wild Highlander broke through all the laws of discipline and the English lines, and, being on the spot, Did he see the famous ghost which didn't appear to Colonel Gardiner of the Dragoons s My good creature, is it possible you don't remember that Doctor Swift, Sir Robert "W alpole (my Lord Orford, as you justly say), old Sarah Marlborough, and little Mr. Pope, of Burnie, died in the year of your birth ' What a wretched memory you have "What haven't they a 1 brary, and the commonest books of le silence at the old convent of Saint Lazarus, where you dwell 2" SIR WILLIAM "BROWN. Last session, or it might have been the session before, Mr. Brown, on a busy night, when the lobby was full, went down, as I am told, to the House, and as the Speaker had not entered but was expected every minute, Mr. Brown stood amongst the crowd. Presently Mr. Speaker came into the lobby with the Sergeant-at-arms before him, and train-bearer behind mpioprio made and as he passed the crowd, seeing Mr. Brown, he suddenly diverged from the line, dragging his dismayed train-bearer after him, and, to the great astonishment of the crowd, walked up to Mr. Brown and took him by the hand. Of course life was no small hubbub amongst the crowd. " Who could this man so distinguished by" And when it was learned that it was only a Mr. Brown, the people, who knew nothing about Mr. Brown and his great w calls, were still in CIP perplexed. Illustrated Times, 