{SMYTHESDALE BOROUGH COUNCIL. Tuesday, 27th October. Present-The Mayor, and Councillors Paton, S&enger;, Jones, Price and Robertson. The minâtes of the last two meetings of the Council were read and confirmed, aa also those of the meeting for the election of assessors and auditors. COCEESPONDENCE. The Town Clerk read the following communica tions: 1\. From the Crown Lîw Offices, enclosing til2 opinion of the Attorney-General on points submitted to bim relative to the Council holding meetings under the new Municipal Act before the third Wednesday in October, and giving it as his opinion that no business shoo'.d be transacted before that dote. 2\. From tbe Municipal Conference Office, inform ing tbe Council that the lowest rate of interest that a loan could be negotiated for that body for £1000 to £2000 was 9 per cent. Also informing the Council that from 8 to 10 per cent might ba assumed as the rate likely to rule on municipal loans, but that by investing fron time to time in Government Deben tures bearing interest (in accordance with the new act) the rate of interest might be reduced to 6 per cent. 3\. From the Attorney-General, giving it as his opinion that an " extraordinary vacancy" cannot be filled up until the first annual election in August next. 4\. From the Survey Department, pointing out that a portion of the land applied for as an addition to thc Smythesdale Farmers' Common, formed part of the Gold Fields Common, and the Carngham Farmers' Common, and suggesting an amalgama tion of the farmers* common and the gold fields common. The Town Clerk stated that he had replied to the letter, to the effect that the alteration sought was for the purpose of enabling the cattle on the com mon to water at the creek ; also, that au amalgama tion had been attempted, but failed. 5\. From the Treasury, enclosing an account for £394 8j 2d, being the balance due to the Borough from the Municipal grant-in-aid. It was ordered to be signed by the Mayor, and forwarded to the Treasury. 6\. From the late Chairman of the Council, de clining to attend a banquet proposed to be given to that gentleman. 7\. From J. 3. Moody, soliciting an order for an index of the new Municipal Act. -Ordered, that the Town Clerk procure ten copies of the same. 8\. From H. Deutsch, enclosing an address to be presented by the Council to Mr Train, the late Chairman of the Council. " 5. From Andrew Timbrell, as follows:-" Ayr shire Arms Hotel. Thursday, 22nd October, 1863. To the Worshipful tbe Mayor and Civic Councillors of ¡the Smythesdale Borough Council. Gentlemen, _Î have the honor ta solicit your individual and collective interests for some congenial and local employment as shorthand writer, practical drafts man, accountant, and general clerk. My reason for submitting this application is associated with tbe tact that I have unfortunately contracted personal liabilities in this district to the approximate figure of £10, and I cannot, so long as any sense of prin ciple is retained in me, quit this locality without discharging tbe numerous claims against me. My secession from the literary management and editorial direction of the/rfodisrwas occasioned by circumstances over which neither the ghost of Richard Brinsley Sheridan nor the ethereal spirit of the Great Mogul could have exercised the remotest control. I now very respectfully and most urgently canvass your individus! and collective influences towards obtain ing some resident and intellectual occupation as a mesufcof relieving myself from temporary pecuniary embarrassments, and assisting me to proceed to some other district in Victoria.-I have the honor to be, gentlemen, your most obedient and very bumble errant, Asr/REW TnrwBKf.r., Shorthand Writer sud draftsman." _ . , It was moved by Cr Pnce-" That the letter be not received.'' Seconded by Cr Jones. An amendment was moved by Cr S*enger-<,That Mr Timbrell'* letter be received, and that the mem bers of this Connell ase their influence with Messrs Scrase and Ainley to procure bim an appointment at their brewery establishment, which they hope will ; prove a congenial one." Cr . Saenger withdrew his amendment, and tbe ? motion vas carried. " " , * 6evWl^¿wWWaa tomt&f;^i***** lot time íb pay their rates. whhm was scanted to the applicants. gnvocKrjfo VF BROOKS sxstKjix, It WM mored by Cr &eogu-;^"That Mr Barry, contracto^ be informed thrt metal leftÁy bin on the road «da, Brooke street, interfered wita eek tam worin jçoDtejD^ tha be be regnesteS to remove ¿he same withm fciurteei dsySj'w give the Cîooncil permission to make and nae of it as it thinks fit, and that in case of non compliance with either request the ConncQ treal ?ach metal as a nuisance." - . ; The motion '. was seconded by- Cr Jones anc carried. '" GRABT TO THB 3PZKE BOOiDS. ~ . . It was moved by Cc Price-^That theeomofflS ; be Voted as a second moiety to the Tire Brigade." This wag seconded by Cr Jones abd carried. -??.>.--. BfÁGNAHT WATER. It was moved by Cr Saengèr-v That the town surveyor be instructed immediately to carryout the resolution respecting the sheet of water on the east side of Clyde street and the channel in Brooke street.'' This was seconded by Cr Price and carried. "- " ' '? ' ^ - aUUPACKlfAS. -. It was moved by Cr fiobertsou-u That a surface man be appointed to repair the streets at ¡£2 Ss per week wages, under the direction of the Surveyor and two of the Public Works Committee." This was seconded by Cr Saenger and carried. FOOTOalDGB OVER THfî GREEK. Plans and specifications were laid on the table for a footbridge over , the creek on the Carngham road. The Council then adjourned. 