THE WHITE WOMAN OF MUNDARRA.H. A Romance of thb Axjstrmaan Bubk, BT B, P. WmrWOBTO. Introductory Chxptkr. 'W hat is there more glorious than an Australian Rummer's rooming ? When the eun is rising in the majesty of his beauty, gilding the light fleecy clouds that slowly sail in tlie-vael blue -canopy -ii heaven, with a^oldon and roseate tinge, and ffisj^lhigthe mists that yot hang upon the tops of the dimly ioembtg1 mountains, ?orajmrplod by the dis tanoo. When onuvery bl≤ of grass hings a pellucid drop, ien^thouaand times brighter and dearer than tlio most precious diamond ever set in the diadem of a monarch. When tire 100I broezc laden with the balmy perfume of millions of bush flowers, and the odour or the fresh son, swells like sweet incense wafted by the grate fhl earth heavenward, as a thanksgiving for the night of soft repueo. When the graceful kangaroo bounds ? from his lair in the thick and tangled aciub, and browses on tho tender and succulent grass ; and the wonga-wonga and the cockatoo wake from their numbers upon the topmost bough of some gigantic gum tree, and shake tho soft dew from their wings, and when the iaugliing jackass raises bis harsh peal of ^disoordud laughter to groct another day. When the native blacks arc sleeping in their rude gunyahs, dreaming perchafioe of tho fish in tbo stream, or the wary emu on the plain. When the vast lake, on whose bank ihojr have camped, is shimmering in the morning breeze, and softly laving with its crystal waters the luxuriant foliage whicn -grows 'upon its brink. Such a - morning and such a scene as this was it on the 10th of October, 1813. when Ave men might have been seen noiselessly and warily stealing a toss the narrow belt of land, wmch separated tho eastern margin of Lake Hooves in tho district el (Jipps Land, then but newly discovered, and with scarcely half a dozen settlers in the district, from tho outskirts of the vast forest which stretched away to tho base of Mount Wellington towering in tho ? distance like a gigantic natural wall to bar the further progress of man, w arily stealing to where lay a number of tho Warrigal tribe of blacks in the deep sleep of fancied security. Five stalwart men as ever troS the bush, all in the prime of life and vigour of manhood, thoir short rifles carried in the hollow of their arms, and their features contracted by a look of stern determination, and reckless daring ; ? no hurry, no trepidation,*- they needed all their cool noes for to venture into the midst of a camp of hostile and ferocious blacks, such as these were known to be, require 1 not only all their bravery, but also all their caution. Tho loader of the band was the youngest of the parly, ho was a fatrhrired youth with the signs of on Incipient beard and whiskers just beginning to show upon bis lace, whioh vas, like that of tho others reddened and sunburnt by ox ? posuro and toil. Uc was c1a4 in the regular bash costume, set oil by a certain jauntiness which did not characterise tho others ; his bandanna necktie was tied loosely round his ?throat, and his cabbage-tree hat was worn with a certain negligent and fndcs.'ribable grace end instead of the moleskin trousers worn by the others ho had on n well fitting pair of bedford cord riding breeches and Napoleon boots ; the rost of the party were just such bushmen as uiay ho soon almost any day on the out-stations, for from the busy haunts of men; brave, self-reliant, and fcarlcsfi. The Ica.or. Edward Scott, was the son of the proprietor of a large station on tho Glengarry ltivcr, one of the out huts of wliich had been pillaged by the blacks, (supposed to be this very party) three days before, who, after dosnoiling t the plaic of all worth carrying off, had murdered uio write of the stockman who lived in it, and carried off . liis only child, a girl of about twelve years of. ago with them intotho hush. When the father returned to the happy home he had ' left in the morning, instead of the -cheerful smile of his. wife, and the ringing laugh and merry song of his bloom- 1 ing daughter, he was met by desolation and death, his wife, i the frithiul wife of his bosom, who hod shared his joys and ' his sorrows whom he had wooed and won, a rosy cheeked, » bright eyed, foir haired, damsel, down in the distant dells ' of Lancashire, when lie was a merry hearted, laughing, 1 careless lad,— his wife, with whom he had walked, band in hand, along the shady banks of the Ribblc, listening to tho throstle and the blackbird carolling their joyous notes ' overhead, singing tho same song of lovo as echoed in the hearts of the lovers who trod that sylvan socno; his wife, who, when trade grow bad and work grew slack, an 1 whon he with a manly courage and a swotting heart left the land of liis fathers, the homo he loved so wcu, the friends whom he had known from his childhood, the old churchyard where rested liis father and his mother and many forciolk, for a strange country, uttered not a word of complaint or reproach, but hiding her sorrow in her inmost heart, left her kindred and her home, and smiled in his focc and cheered him with words of happiness to come. Oh, but he did not boo her, the night before they left their huuiblc cot, .iso in the luiddfo of the night, when ho lay in a fevered sleep, and clipping on a coarse dress, glido from the room, and steal away like a ghost to the old churchyard, he did ; not see her tie down with her face to a little mound, .scarce Jy yet grassod over, where lay their firstborn, hardly two years old when ho died, he did not soo her kiss the grave, and water it with her toars, whilst her yellow hair lay in snaky folds around her shoulders, and her bosom . Loavod with bitter agony, he did not see' her dig up the ground with her delicate hands and plant some paitste* and some mignonette, and gather a handful ofthcdomp mould, a «acrc1 treasure, more precious than gull, he did not sec this, but years after, when rummaging for somctliing in an ulo trunk, ho found carefully stowcl away in a small boa, ti little woollen sock, and a curi of soft -fair liair, and that moult now Cry and hard, he knew what it was, ani pressed it to hi* tips, while two large tears trickled down his bronzed checks, tuid he quietly put it back into its place in the ' 'trunk, and never said a word about it. His wife, who, when in their new home, he lay sick ant despairing, tail el fruui uiuru to eve over the wash -tub, and at night glided nbout the room like a shadow, giving liim cool and refresh- 1 ing drink, and taking away half the nauscousncsa of his 1 medicine, by the sweet words of affection and comfort she poured intoTtis car. And now elic lay, there, motionless, dead, her long yellow hair, about which she had once felt uo proud, d&bblod; and clotted with blood and dirt, her face haltered and smashed by the murderous nullah nullah, and her clear blue eyes which usel to reflect every ray of sun shine, dosed in death. Ilis thill too, gone, what a word . is that? gone! what a hollow, unrcKpourivo, empty sound it ha* 1 gone ! gone where r No answer. It would have ; boon bouio coiufort to liavo scon her lying there, or there, or outsido, all buttered and bloody us her mothor was, but to be carried off by the savages, oh horrible! And the strung man sat down in the weakness of his despair and grief, And took up tho cold hand of his wife and hid his face and wept. Wept, but not for long, he rose, and calmly and deliberately as if he hud boeu lighting his pipo, ho : lifted up the boiy in his arms and placed it upon their bed, covering it over softly and tenderly with a alioot, and then he closed the chamber, and went forth to tho door of his desolate house, and he looked at the setting sun, and felt ' the cool breeze of the evening stealing through the trees, , and wandered away satiy to the head station. Many a man would have gone upon his knees and sworn a terrible oath to have a dfap revenge, but ho did not, ho did not ' apeak a word. Those Lanrawiire bids never do say luuolu and yet at Waterloo, and Trafalgar, and Balaklava and 1 some other battles that have been fought, they dii their work. And so he did not speak a word, but if you had looked into his focc as ho gazed at the sotting sun, you would have seen his lips gradually pressed together and his grey eyes grow cold and pitiless, and you might have hoard ? him draw one deep sigh, that meant a great deal, if you had only understood it. It was just the same kind of look as those Lancashire lads in India put on, wlnm they hoard of the massacre At Cawnporc, and, it meant just the aamo thing. Well, he wandered away sally through tho Lush, and tho soft night wind came through tho ( boughs of the green trees with a nioloncholy Gough, and | cooled his burning brow. At last he reached the head station, and went and knocked at the door, it was answered ' by tho cook, 44 Halloo Jim, whatever is tho matter with you, why you look as white as if you had seen a ghost, ' said he in an astonished tone of voice. 44 X have seen a ghost, lad,' he replied, ''the ghost of all my hopes and happiness.' 44 'Whatever do you moan ? for the Lord's sake, do come inside nnd let us know.' 41 Nowt to matter, now lad, only toll M ester Scott 'ut I want to fipako to him.' The cook raised his hands in surprise, and went to do livor the message, as desired ; in a few moments he re turned, and asked Jim to step in- to the parlour, he did so, and found his employer and uis wife and daughter seated in the room; the window .was open, and they were enjoying ? tho cool breeze of tho evening; tho old gentleman was nitting at the table reading, ana Mrs. Scott was ongagod eowing, whilst tho young lady had just ceased her playing , at (he pianoforte in the corner next the window, to see ' what J fin, who was a great favourite of her's, had come ; about Jim's face blanched still whiter and whiter as ho saw this picture of domestic happinesR, and in a choking husky ? voice ho answered his employer's greeting of 44 good evening.' As bo came forward out of the shadow ol the dour, Mr. Scott saw how pale ho was, and said : 44 Hear me, James, how ill you look, sit down, what's the matter; my dear, get somo*brandy.' 44No, no,' said Jim waving his hand slightly, 44 dunnot mind that now, thank you, my illuesH is loo deep for brandy to cure, it's here, it's here,' he continued, striking Iris hand upon his breast. 'Why, whatever can have happened?' said Mrs. Fcott. 4 'My wife ! mv wife! ma'am/* 44 '\\\ ell, what of her ?' asked Mr. Scott. ' Muraercri, Sir, her brains boutcn out by them cursed 'WajTigols, and my child— oh ! oh ! my child, my chil 1 !' Nature could stand it no longer, nnd Jim turned away ; his focc and sobbed as if his heart would rend its wuy out of his bosom. There was a silence in the room broken only by Jim's convulsive agony, and Mrs. Scott and her daughter shod toars of symjiathy - wltilst tho old gentleman, after wiping bis fipootaclos and clearing his voice, which somehow or other wanted a groat deal of clearing at that particular time, his throat footing as if there were a largo lunip as big ;as a billiard ball in it, got up, and paced the apartment to and fro. 44 Your wife murlorel by the blacks?' said lie at last, -4andyourdaugliterloo; is she -&-h— killed?' 44 No, Sir,' replica Jitn, *% i wiBh hoo were,' I'd go down upon ray bended 'fcnees this minute, and thank tho gooi God if hoo were ; lyjqg pi uiy. feot dead, stone-dead, rather tlura. hoo shoul i ? Tin' bin as boo is ' ? . ? Notk.— The first two chapters or this s'ory appeared (it ft Fydney defurct publication. 14 Why, ^whatever tan have happened to her?' arid the old gentleman, half guessing, and yot afraid to think of what ho guessod at 41 She's -tarried away into th' bush by the Warrigals, Sir, and new'— 44 Nay, nay, let us hope not,' said Mr. Scott, interrupting him, 44 it may not be so nod as Uiat, she may bavo oscapea and hidden herself,— depend upotiit she Ln\ she has been able to get awoy, ana dare not come bank for fright, she will it-tura bv and bye.' 'No, no, eir,' replied Jim, 4,dou't try tobuildmoup will) b falxc hope ; I know. Sir, I know too well what has lrapjicucd, lioo'h gone, gone never to return, but 1 11 follow tier, i'il follow her if I lose my life i' trying to get tier back ; only let too see my jioorwife have n darcnt Chrictimi burytn1, and 1 11 «tor( after flicso incarnate divils 'tit luivc carried her oil,' 'Orirn youiuelf,+alin yourself, James, your wife til tall have a proper and icspeclablc funeral, leave thai to inc, and for your daughter, whatever man con do to regain her shnU be done; wc will |torfonn this melancholy ceremonial to morrow, and you shall start immediately alter; ray son Ned filial! go with you, and von may toko a couple or men with you ; you stay here and I will send the cook nnd Mick, the carpenter, over to tho hut to prepare ovcrylhing for to morrow. 44 Thank you, Sir, thank you kindly for your goodnoss,' replied Jim, 44 but I will go mysel' wi' 'em and dig my poor ola wench's grave in a Hpot that she u*od to like to look at, bocauso she said it reminded her of a place nigh where she won bom ; it may bo soino comfort to ine in my dying hour to know that I did ray last duty by her/' 44 As you like James, as you like,' replied Mr. Soott, 44 1 will go at once and give the necessary - directions,' and so saying he left the room, turning at tho door and beckoning* for Ids wife and daughter to follow bim ; Mrs, Scott turned at the door, and looking at Jim with eyes swimming in tears, fuiid in a voice thrilling with genuine womanly symjiathy : 44 Uod comfort you, my poor man, and give you strength to bear this heavy blow.' Jitn, whose heart was too full for utterance, male no reply, and Mrs. Scott, gently dosing the door after her, left bim to lifo sad reflections. The scene must now be changed for the present to the interior of a hut wliich stood at a little distance from what was tailed par excellence 'The House.' It was a rude slab but, roofed with the inevitable stringy bark, and con tained only one room, which was tenanted by two persons, who sut before the large three log fire which Lurnca cheerily on the hearth. One of Uic men, a big brawny fQllow of about forty-five voars of ago, was engaged in patiently *i»clliiig over an old paper of L841. by the light of a fat lornp, that is to soy, a pannikin lialf filled with mud, with a piooe of old calico rolled round a stick for a wick, stuck into ihc mud, and then imlicdded in hot Cat, not a very brilliant affair oh may be b\ ? 'mscd, and thin, in con junction with his sometimes u '.aking one letter for another, particulariy his b's and a ana iris p's and q's, . rendered liis reading aloud rather a complicated business, particularly for tho listener. Tho other was a little square ? built man, with a bushy head of Irairand a pair of immense whiskers of a deep scarlet hue, an 1 ft focc to match, and who, oven before you heard the rich brogue, as thick as buttermilk, you would have set down for a native of tlio ; 41 First flower of tho ocoAn and gim of tho say.' He was ' quietly sucking, with intense gusto, a short black dudccn, ono of the kind commonly known in the bush as n noBc warmer, and sharpening a chisel on a hone which he held between hi« knees, to the tunc of 41 lri Molly Oh,' to the no small ^ annoyance of Sam, who wus Muck liard and fast in the middle of the word 'consanguinity/4 They were in tCTTupled in their respective amusements by bearing a hurried footstep outside, and the next moment the cook, who had received lii« instructions from Mr. 8obtt, burst into the hu1. , . - . 44 Halloo, 8am, halloo, Mick, here's frightful work out at 'the Flain Hut.' The Irishman cocked up his eye at the new comer, and in a racy Cork accent asked— 44 'What sort o* wiirrk Cuuk, is it dhrinkin', shoo tin'; fightin', or hurdle masking.' 44 Neither. Lnnky's wife's murdered, and his little gal stolen by the Warrigals,' was tlic reply. 44 Oh I holy Mother! ye don't mane it,' said Mick, starting to his feet. 44 Yes; it's true enough, poor Lanky' s up at the house now blubbering like a babby.' 44 And no wondhcr for liim, poor sowl,' said Mike in a compassionate tone, throwing down the hone and chisel on the carthcrn floor, and taking the dudeen out of his mouth to emphasize his words, 44 Musha ! sliweet bad luck to their copper coloured hidos, it wasn't for notliin* they stholc the boat away last Monday ooight; I was out for throe days niustherin' the horsos, end (he sorra sign I seen of a blacV follow for twenty- mile roun% so I thought whin I cnutfd the river 1 needn't lode the chain of the boat, more betoken, it 'ud be bard for mc, for I lost the kay the day before, when Mancroo Jackey, bad luck to tho bay divil'e silk in, seen a long block shticfc as wc were crassin' the flat, addhetukit for a slinabc, he's knowin' enough never to want on excushc for etoppin* any time, I was goin' full pelt afthcr the brown coult, for he'd singled out flora the rcsiil of the mob, whin— prop— goes Jackey, and over hi* cars goes Mick, and that's how I kern to lose the kay, and my beautiful clay pipe I had this six months, as blaok as a sluoo, and nicely susoncd by the same token; and that's why I didn't lock tho boot up, unless I noild't it to a three, and sorra use thnt 'ud be, for the Lla' guards 'udtukoa three inch nail av you druv it fifteen indies into a solid piece av iron bark, sure I can't have a bit of iron about the place but thev stitale it. Wc wint to bed quiet enough that nignt, lirtio dhramin' there was a black within twenty miles of up, and the next morniu* after ray breakfast I wint down to cmss the river to dhraft the horses, aud divil n boat was there. Foor Lanky,' oontinucd Mick in a doleful totio, 44 but what's to be done at this time o' uiglit, is there any one gone nfther the child r' 4tNo,' was the roply, 44ttie Cove sent mo down here for : you aud Sam, he wanta you to come to the house at once, and sec wlrnt can be dune.' 44 Oh! I'm reaoy,' said Mick, 44 come on Sam,' and they stalled to the house immediately. When they arrived, they found 5lr. Scott at the door, saddling his* favourite horse, and no sooner did he see Mick than he called to him, 44 Mick, you must start at once over to M-Lurcn'Kt at Morplira, and tell Kdward to conic home at ouce, and mind you don't let the gross grow under your feet/' 'Tho divil a fear, Sir,' replied Mick, 'it's lucky for . you it isn't Mancroo Jackey that I've got to ride, for av it . was, 1 wouldn't get there a month o* Sundays; faith he's the civil's own hoi-sc to gallop Ml the wuy home, av it was twenty mile, but goin' from home, begoira ye'd think it was a funeml lie was going to.' 44 'Well, well!' said tie old gentleman impatiently, 44 this is no time for joking, it's a mutter of life or death.' ( 44 I ox your pardon. Sir, if you luk what I said for a ? joke, for upon mc sowl I didn t mane it, but I'm off, and ' God speed inc and with these words, Micr sprung into . the saddle, and lifting the horse into a gallop, was soon . out of flight. Uc ppod on his errand at a rattling pace, and after an . hour's hard riding and a considerable amount of grumbling at having to turn out so late, he broke out as follows, — ' 44 Oil, Mick, bad luck to ye, to be grumbling to do a christian tuiTcn for a fellow rrature, an' ho with n sore . heart this night; suppos'n it was your own father's son, 1 and that's yourself, was in throuble, how would you tike to - hear a fellow grumbtin' to help ye. Oh, poor Lanky, ; God help you in your distlircss. *0h ye copper -coloured I thieves, av I only had ye ono by one, and a good kippcen 1 in my fisbt, oil wouldn't I—. Mick said no more just then, for in the heat of his indignation he forgot that tho ; boast he bestrode would not submit to the indignity of spui^, nnd by wny of emphasis to what ho said, he plunged ' both rowvcfo* deep into his flanks, who rcsentol the \ insult by one tremendous buck, which sent Mick ; flying liko an acrobat over his heal. After shaking himself for a few moments, in order to colloct : his scattered senses, Mick sat up, looking wofutiy I at the animal he had so lately bestridden, which now stood at a little distance, loosing at him in an in- . noncntly inquisitively manner, as much as to say, 44 Halloo ! old fellow, how* did you get there r' 44 Oh ye long leggod , thief o' the world, yo've nearly broke my babk, ani l got . eight miles farthor to go yot on ye ; but, by my sowl, I ' must catch ye first, wliich is aisior said nor done.' So baying ho got up, and holding out his battered cabbage tree hat, he coiuwonood to call 44 coop, coop,' in his most : insinuating and persuasive manner; the horse, however, ' did not choose to 44 coop,' and no sooner did Mick get any wbci'o near him, than lie started away at a trot to another place a few yards distant, whero ho again looked round, taking an occasional nibble at the grass under foot. * 44 Oh ! tho sorra one o' mc'U ever ketch yo this way, and ; if I shtop hero all night I'll not get to hrLarcn's till the : moiniu*, whal'll I do r what'll I do? .Begorra, I havo it. Them's afi ould bush shcop yard about n quartlior of a inilo bovant ; if I can ojily dtirivc hint in there I'm right ; aud by my sow), if I do ketch him, I'll make liim make up for losht time.' With that: bo commonced driving tho horso onward, which that quadruped decidedly objoctod to, and attempted to dodge his late rider, 60 that ho might make homewariis. . After a quarter of on hour's hard running to and fru, Mick exclaimed, 44 Oh! my corns, I can't enjuro this any longer, and I must gel this fellow into the lush 5*ar«i if 1 die for ii. Sure this is nice soft turf: I'll take my loots off and nine my feet, nnd by the same token, I can run the belter in ray boro foot.' Sonsy ingv bo suited the action to tho wore, ana look them off. The horso. however, although tic had su eeoiod in getting liim to die bush yard, would not go in, but siuolled at the gate and bounded away ; this lie did two or throe tim' h, until Mick, in utter dcwjMtir, throw ono of Wn boots and caught him neatly under the car, jiiHt hh tic was siarti ng away from the gutc; thin effectively tunic I him, nnd as lie made a spring to got past tho gate outh.' other side, Mick. let fly tho other boot, and the horse, bewildered by this novel mode of attack, surrendered at diHcrotiuu, and quietly walked into the yard. 44 Bad luck to ye, it's tho dml's own job ye gov mc, but I've got vo now' anyway, and as yo don't like ftpurs, I'll' soo whether yo'ro partial to o shriek,' said Mick, and mounting tbeborso, no rode off. After getting about throe miles on liis way, it suddonly occurred to lriinfhat he had forgotten to pick up his boots ; ho however contented himself villi the reflection tlwt ho rouM get tlicro as ho returned home. On arriving at M 'Lr.rcn's he delivered his message to his young muster,, who immediately with a part)' of M4Laron's peoplo, Waited off fertile hut where (lio murder bad been committed. On thoir anivftl there, they found Mr. aud Mis. 8 -olt, who liad just gut tlmro in the cart with the boioiivcd liUBbnu , and lam^ who was busily engaged cleaning up tho hut, as (boy were about (o lay the body out. Aft of a few words of consola tion to tho poor man, Edward, in tree bush- fashion, began to search for the tracks of tho savages, as the gray dawn of *ay was just breaking ; and lis had not got twenty paces, when ho suddenly called out. 44 Mick, here's the trask !' 44 'Where r said Mick, ' Here, look, (hero they pro plain enough, guiu^ up to Buw Baw, cou'l you sw them r ' ° 44 Oil, there's a fut, begorra, the fellow own* that must be sixteen fut high »v lias an im-h ; but, Bir, what would they want the boat to crans the mountains forr' *' 'J'he boat I what Co you iuc;ui r' 44 Sure, they stole it a Monfoy night.' 'Ati ! la! let's go « little further, Mick.' '1 he young man and Mi.-k folio wet tho track whili sliuwed plainly her' \\*id there, that tiiorc must have been n huge nuinW of blacks, although (hey iia 1 carefully walked in Indian tile, until they came to a dense tea-tree scrub about four wile* from the huti wliioh Edward boldly plunged iuto, followed clohely by Mhk, they hud not gone »*&relti;/ena hundred pa on whoa ho was -startled by hear ing Mick, who had gradually fallen foithcr into Uic rear, give vent to a prolonged howl. On stopping to enquire what wa* tho matter, Mick commenced. 14 Oh Ma^thcr Howard, I've stliruok my fut against a ciass-cut saw.' 44 Nonsense,' said tho young man, 44 wo are about the first white men who ever penotrated this scrub.' 44 Thon by my sowl,' said Mick, 44thore's something here that's given we a cut that laves a pain aflher it worse nor fifty ?4'\Vhy, where has it cut you; In the leg?' said Edward, coming up. 44 No, but in the fut.' 44 Why, you stupid fellow, where ore your boots?' sail the young man, for the first time noticing the barefooted condition of Iub follower. il They're somewhere about tho bush yard, where I was (tying to dodge that long legged IhicFof a horse of your father's in, after tic thrown inc/ 44 Well you'd better go baok,' said Edward. 4t By my sowl 8ir, il wouldn't do to go back now till wc seen the road the black vagabones tuk, and Sam ud lade me the divil's own liio in the liut av he thought I got faint hearted, but I'll make the besht o' my way afthcr ye, Sir ; I'll folly in your thracbB.' They protected in this manner for nearly three miles, during which Miok suffered severely from the stinging nettles which grew in great abundance, ho however relieved liimsclf ever and anon by sundry ejaculations such ah44Oycohl' 44 'VVislia !' 440hiny fut!' 44 Gh murther/' 44 Devil bum the nottles!' 'Swoet bad luck to the colony that grows such varmint!' and so on, until at length, after a great deal of exertion they reached the , river. There Edward discovered tracos of the taissiug boul baring Ijcczi drawn up on the bank, tltis however, in itself, gave him no due as to which way the savages had takon ; knowing however, that at a distance of five miles up it, tho river was so shallow, that not even a canoe could float, he . concluded that they must have taken a downward course, and cither gone up the Thompson ltivcr, which forme 1 a junction with this about ten miles lower down, or have gone direct to the lake, wliich was tnorc likely, lie informed his companion of what he thought, and as&ed; his opinion. 4,01i Sir,' said Miok in ngonv ,4don't ax me notliin', but look at my feet, oye&lil; oycah! I won't know one toe from another; what 'ud my mother do now av she was gain' to count my pigs for mc, as she usod to do long ago, begorra, I think it 'ud puzzle her to tell which was the little one that went to market, and which was (ho big ono that stopped at home- Sure I wished I'd sloppei at home myself, lor 1 brought my pigs to a purly market, when I kem to Gipps' Loud, bad luck to it.' 44 Well, come along.' said Edward, . 44 We can't go any further now, so let uh make for home, and think what'6 to be done.' 44 What's to bo done, foith I'm done already, its six mile av its an inch, and agin I get there its not ouly my toes '11 be gone, but the divil a fut I'll have on me at all - Oh by the mortual ghost I know what I'll do.' 44 What'll you do ? askod Edward, half in commiseration, and half amused at Mick's comical distress. 'Faith, I'll asc my feet any way,' and with that he stripped off his blue 6crgc shirt, and tearing it into strips, hound it round liis suffering feet, and thus arrayed, he managed to walk through the prickly scrub without much ciecomfort. The young man strode along the bank of the r.ver in silence, heading for home, until reaching a point, whence a bee line across it, would take liim to the Strath&lbin; Station, at the head of the 'lake where he fiupjtobcd the marauders had made for, he determined to follow them at once knowing that by so doing he would gain a number of hours on them. Directing therefore, his . man to make for Blackadder llidge, his father's station, and scud assistance, he boldly plunged into (he Glengarry River, and obtaining a saddle and bridle from an out hut in the big paddock on the other side— he caught a horse, and made hack, crossing the Thompson River about eleven miles below Blockwattlc Station, leaving Clydesdale to the left, he went over the Avon between Clydebank Head Ktation and the daily At this place Terrible Billy, as the hoise he rode was called, got bogged in the inftc and a tinlf swamp, between the Avon and Boncy Point Back Water, which lie intended to head ; nothing daunted, however, by this mishap, he left his horse to struggle his way out of the ' mud the best wnv he could, knowing that he would find hie way baek to lis paBture? whilst he started bolllv across tlic morass to tlic bead ol the swamp, whence half a inilo would bring him to the Stmthalbin Station. Here, after a wearisome trudge, ho amvoi at last, and crossing the n crock, and climbing up the stoop slope, on. tlic top of whi ;U 1 tlic house was built, and whence a view of the whole of the breaotii of the lake was to be obtained, he knocked at the door. ' Come in, if you're not too fat,' called a rich Milesian voice from inside. 'IsMr. Shcii Jan at home !' enquired Edward, opening the door, and walking in. 4 Oh ! Mr, Edward Scott, is tliat you. Sir, sit down, No,— Mr. Sheridan is gone over to Mosquito Point to look alter some buisncss,' said the inmate, a tall thin young nmn, with long dark curly liair, who was known by the boutriguet of ' The Stmw Capped Fop.' 44 I'm sorry for that ' answered Edward, 44 for I wanted his assistance, the Wurrigols have robbed Lanky Jim's hut, murderc! his wife, and ran off with his little girL and I want to follow them, and recover the child, if possible.' ' 1 thought no,' said the Fop, striking his hand on liis Luce, 44 by the morliol, 1 thought it was'ntfor notliin I 6ccn 'cm 'crossing the lake early this morning.' 44 Crossing the lake.' said t^e young man, 44 then they ore jilwut, we must follow them ; liave you any men here?' ' Well, let mc see,' there's myself and Jack the settler, Luke the tinker, and Dandy Kelly; Mungy the stockman would have been in his glory, but he's sprained his ankle, poor oivi], an) so he can't, but then there s the boat ; foith we hauled her up tlic other day to give her a repairing, because she was stove in at Swan Reach a few days ago ? against a hidden root ; but we'll do the bc6t we can, and . I'll go and tell the men, and we'll start at once,' so saying the speaker left tho room. In the course of a few minutes, which Edward employe 1 in drying his soaked clothes, ho returned, with the intelligence that the boat was manned, and awaited bim at the bottom of the hill. Alter several hours' good pulling, the party neare 1 the place where the lake narrows itself to a strait, which divides it into two parts, known as the upper and lower lakes, and where the blacks were encamped. Fearful however, of alarming them, they kept close in shore, under cover of the high bluffs which formed the lake's margin, and following the round windings of the coast, (he sunset had gloomed into darkness, before they reachei their destination. On arriving at the narrowest part of tho strait, they concealed themselves and the boat beneath an ? overhanging bluff, and taking watch and watch about, waited in slumber the breaking of the morning. At last, after being ol&rmod; several times by parties of blaokB coming down to the lake to look after the nets and fishing . apjioiatus, all become quiet, and thoir rest was undisturbed until sunrise the next morning, whon Jack the settler, whose wafe h it was, in a low whisper, roused them with, 'Kowb'ys come along, nnd make no noire, or by tho five crosses we'll be kilt and murthcred.' Thu6 adjured, the party stole across tho plain in the manner describol at the commencement of this introductory chapter. 7'boy searched the encampment, treading tightly and cautiously, nnd found several articles wnicli showed that this party of blacks were the some as had committed the outrage on the day hut one before, a quantity of flour, a tomahawk-lcad, a prayer-book, and a numbor of other things, but could see no trace of the child of whom they bad come in search. 'Wliilst in tho middle of their - investigation, a hoy, who had not slept so soundly as some ot the elder ones, Woke, and seeing tlio wliitc strangers, raised an instant alarm. Nothing was therefore left but to show a dauntless front, and make their way to tho boat* which they had moored, hidden in tho shadow* of some dense scrub. They slowly retreated, followcl by the suvagCB, who were ovcry moment thronging in largo numbers, and becoming more threatening in their gestures, until they rcachod the lake, whon they pushed off from the land, and two of the men, seizing (ho oars began to row for the centre, so as to be out of the reach of spears and boomerangs. On 6ceiug their enemies escape, the blaifcs, however, raised a loud and ungry cry, and rushing down to tho edge of the water, coiwnem'ed throwing their spears at the retreating party. Some of them however, paid for their temerity with their lives, for Dan^y Kelly, who was said to be the boat Bhot in the country, and who accompanied the expedition, standing up in the middle of (ho bout, fired oil ihcin with his own, and hi* commies rifles, bringing down n black fellow At cvory shot until they were quite bevond tlio reach of tho savages. Before they had reached the deep water however, a block boy who had Iron frightened by the sudden appoarance of the white men, miti had taken refuge in tho long rocJe which grew in tim shallows, war seized by Edward and dragged into the bant with tlio hope that tic might by fear or kindness be induced to tell of the whereabouts of the lost child. Skirting tlio opposite margin of tho lake to where the blacks wore violently gesticulating »uid vainly endeavouring to reach tliem with their spears, tho party in the boat pulled with all their might back toward Strathalbin, well snowing the danger to which thev were cxposod from the Warrigals, who infuriated at the loss of tho son of their cJiief. liud recklessly tlirown off the terror wluch tlio sight of the wliitc ninn never fails to im plant in the breasts of these savage children of tlio wilder ness, and were returning iu. crowds to the strait, prepar atory to swimming ovor and cutting off tho retraat ot their hole* (iRi-'ftUfuits. . . Hie black l-oy lay (rouched in tenor nt tho bottom of the hint, v it h his hnnds tied behind him; for, having once tried to jump out into tho water, intending to ftwim a*horc, Edward bad taken that precaution to prevent his escape. Tbo five mo& bent steadily and cheerily to thoir work, and the light lark, propelled by the powerful strokes fi*om thrir sturdy arms, sped rapidly through the elnar blue water, leaving beliind nor a broad trail of boiling foam and duni-ing bubbles. It was a l-eautiful sight to see those four men lifting her ovir the Mill water, nnd tho fifth, stau'ting erect in tier stem, keeping her in hor course as straight e«un arrow from the bow ; not a word, not a sount, suvo tV Junk of (),c ever- iceui ring stroke of tlio oare again:.! tlic rewlovhs, canted by the slight breeze over the Mill surface of the lake, end ci hoed back by the wood-crowned * litis on thoir left; it was a beautiful right to see tlio suit rising higher and higher over the tops of tho tbic'- bush ; it was ih licjou lo feel the soft cool zephyr from the distant so.i fniming your brow, but 1hcse men (bought not of (but - tliav knew tbeir'h was n race fur liib or ccath— (hoy Lnew (but the Mais would «ioj-b the water, and that, if tlioy di! not round the point which would bring lliem within right of Slintlralbln, IjoI'oic they were overtaken by tlicir infuriated ftrtji, their live* were not worth ten minutes' pureliafto; true they still bad their rifles and some cartridges, but what were they amongst so mniiy ? and ne they thought of their peril, they dipped their bending otus still deeper into the lake, and (he boat sped still more rapidly on her way. No sign, however, of the blackfcUowR did they see, although tncy strained thoir eyes long and often in the direction of the blulls ; and nftcr an hour and a luilfs good bold pulling, when (hoy had roundod the bend which, hid lb cm from tlio station, they each gAvo & righ of relief, and for n time rested on bis oar. 44 1 don't think the black NCoundrels have follow# 2 us,' said Edward. 44 Don't you be too sure o1 thatf sir,' replied the ono known or Jack the Settler, a tittle round- iaoed, hard featured man, who might liuvc been any age, from five ond-thiriy to five -and- fifty, 44 don't you bo too sure o* that ; them 'Wairigals is as cunnin' as tlio native dogs fbcyTe called alter; and although, tik o allot her aboriginals of this country, they're cowardly enough against an equal1 force, they're a most horriblo sot o' villains if they fancy iliey'rc the stronger party.' 4,*\Vell,' said Ecward,. 44 we're safe now, they will not' dare come any higher up (tic lake, at any rate.' - 44 1 would not trust the black beggars,' was the reply ; ; 44 they're cumiin', very cunnin', they are ; however, aa you ? say, Mr. Scott, tliey won't come near the station, but we shall have to go down the lake again with more hauls, and warn Mr. Sheridan that they're out, for when their blood ; iB up they're awful devils to deal with,' 44 Well, come, give way my la*s,' said Edward, 44 and ' let us get up to Stratholbin, and once there, 1 will take a short cut across by the square forest, and so home.' Si arccly were tno words out of his moutli whon Dandy Kelly, who had been intently watching the sorub on the edge of tbe lake, suddenly uttered an exclamation of alarm. 44 What is it ? said (hoy all. 44 They're watching us ! the block beggars are watching ub; it's* this boy they want to get back, and the whole tribe is skulking in that thick tea -tree busli ; my advice is, to pitih the young imp into the water, and let him swim ashore, nnd perhaps they'll go back (lien. I believe he's the sou of their elnef, or a liOBtage from anotLcr tribe, they tnnfee such work about him.' 44No,' replied Edward, 44 1 think tho best thing to do now is to stick (fast to him, and perhaps by doing bo, they will return Lonky's girl in exchange, or at any rate we may lenra from hiin what they have done with her.' 44Sbuie there's sinso in what you say, Sir,' sail tho Straw Clipped Fop, 44 but I'm very much afraid there'll be mischief done, by them blfl'gnrda afore long, how and ever, give way, and let's get home.' They bent to their work with a will, and n few minutes pulling brought them to the little jetty at the foot of the , s!o])c, on the top of whioh Strathalbin 'was built. They ' carefully st annal the country rounl, but saw no signs of tlic blacks ; once, indeed, Kelly fan* ied be saw n blaok boy stealing amongst the low bushes whioh fringed the edge of i tlic lake, but he was not able again to distinguish it, aud he thought he must have been mistaken. The party , therefore, hidden from tlic view of the savages, if there were any, by the brow of an intervening bill, which thev took core not to top, after con:caling the boat in a little cove, tbe entrance to whioh was entirely covered in by stunted mangrove bushes, made their way by a circuitous route to the back of the house, giving direc tions to a number of men who were engage 1 in various ori upations after the station, to keep a bright look out up (he lake. After wafting for a time, and neither seeing nor hearing anything, Eaward determined to start for home ; it was, however, not deemed prudent that he should go back uic same way as he first camef inasmuch as in doing so, lie would be obliged, in heading Bonev Point Back Voter, to go lack some distance into the vicinity of where the blacks might poBsibly be, and after consultation, the four men who had & xonipauicd him up the lake, volun teered to go with him up the river Avon, to a point within a mile and a half of the next station, Clydebank, where he would be able to obtain a horse and escort, And whenoe they would return to Strathalbin. This plan they thought limy would be ablo lo accomplish, as, although from the shallowness of the lake between the stution and the mouth of (he Avon, they would have to go some distance from the shore, still they would be sheltered from being seen by their pursuers, by the elevation ou wliich the house was built, and near winch the blacks did not dare come. After tut ing a hasty meal, therefore, they again got out the boat, tm rapi -]y si ruck for their destination, nor did they see .anything wliich rouM arouse their suspicions thnt 'they , wc-jo obf-ejved, although, on one occasion, whon going out ? so iiu' from the shore, that tlioy got beyond the line of the little headland before mentione4, they saw what appeared t' 1# a little black fellow on the top of a distant liill, appa rently looking iu an opposite direction, they however, kept nearer in shore, and al ter a time, entered the lies s of the river, so far as they coul t tell, unobservc J. At a J is tan o of n few miles up *thc Avon, the banks which arc for the most part low and shelving, suddenly rise on the right she into & most magnificent perpend icular bluff, whiTi appears like a mountain tut down by some vast throe of nature, although on tlio other site the shore is comparatively low, fi;it,aud easy of access. This ram wkablcplieiioincnon, known os Bcdbank, consists of a wall of red clay, a mile an la half loug, and of an almost uniform height of little less than two hundred and fifty feet. The entire height of this vast clayey precipice is formed by the trickling and wash ing of Ihc rain from above, and by other mysterious natural Agencies, into immense fluted pillars and corrugated , lavities, some ol' the trarery of whicli appears when looking from below, at the fearful height above, as delicate as the most minute inrviug. The river in (hie place has a most gloomy appearance, bounce! on the one site by a dense scrub, whose rilenre is only broken by the scream of the eagle from the elifls above, or (he howl of the dingo, and on the other hand by that rod, weird-looking, over hanging, eternal wall, wliicli casts a lurid shalow into the still gloomy waters below, and makes it appear almost as , though you were floating through a stream of blood. The whole party felt oppressed by the unearthly and dismal grandeur of the scene, and no voice broke ihe deep alienee which reigned around, not a sound, except the measured stroke of the oars, that c.-hoed back witli a dull hollow re* verbcration from the focc of the precipice. At about half way along Rcdbank they tame to tho 6pot where Edward proposed to disembark, it being the nearest place for him to make the nearest station. Here they stopped, and he landed, taking the boy, who still appeared ' veiy frightened, with nun ; scarcely had lie done so, how ever, than there arose from tire top of the bluff, and rever berating in a thousand echoes from amongst its pillars and ni'hcs, a wild, horrible, unearthly yell, asound, which once heard, tan never be forgotten, the yell of a band of ferocious savages in their deadly wratli; and at the 6ame moment, a vast moss of earth weighing many tons, trembled and rocked on the top of the preripicc, wliere it was loosely balanced, and in a moment came top pling over the edge of the cliff. Edward sprang from behind the tree where lie had concealed liiniself, and ' screamed, rather than shouted, to those in tho boat, 4' Jump, jump, the other way, as for as you can!' They ? needed no second bidding, but plunged into the water under ? the shelter of the bluff ; they were only just in time, how ? ever, for the next instant down came* the fearful mass of 4 clay right on the top of the boat, smashing her into a ' million pieces, and sending the water high up into the air on ull sites. Edward, who had forgotten his own danger ? iu contemplating the narrow escape of his friends, was soon ' reminded of it by the wliirr of throe or four spears, sonic of ? which stuck quivering in tho earth dose to hi* feet, aud one of whirh went through the fleshy part of his arm. He im ? mediately retired under cover, and waited the coming of his companions, who swani a short distance down the river, to where (lie blnfl overhung the opposite elioro, on 1 crawlel into the scrub, umwiveivea by tbe savages, who thought . that they had perished in the boat. The yells of the intonated blacks 6till continued, nnd it . became evident from the sounds that a largo party of them had made for the lower end of the bluff, a place about three quarters of n mile distant, whero they could cross the river, ? and where they intended, by a rapid detour through tho busily to cut off tlieir retreat. It became orident, then, that - nothing but immediate flight could savo the party, and, ; braving the spears of the black* on the heights, nose of wlii. h fortunately struck them, although several whizzed ? close by their cars, they crossod the opening, an 1 plunged into the bush, heading Vapidly for Clydebunk. Far behind them, 06 they sped on their race for life, did they hear the wife yells ol' the blacks, homo on (lie wings of tho soft morning breeze, and eagerly tlioy listened for the sound of the l'oes, so fleet of foot, and knowing the shortest cuts, whom tlicy well knew would, if they did not run with nil their specs, intercept them ere (hev could ranch their pla-.c ol refuge; nothing aid tliey hear, liowever, have the tramp ol,cach other's feet, 1 lie pad pad, of tho blnck boy, who, from tdiocr terror of the white man, ran along with lliem, und the heavy braatliiug of all the party. Suddenly, however, through a break in the bees, Kelly, who wiih ft short wny ahead, dropped on his kucsR, and, waring hi* hand, said in u loud whisper, 44 Buck, back!' The iiarty immediately stopped, and, crouobing beliind the thirk tca-lroc, saw a scene that made their blood rim cold - in their veins. Keeping almost in a parallel lino with the path they themselves were taking, were about sixty naked savages, stealing with that lope peculiar to all men living in a state ol nature, through the scrub, and making for tbe top ui'n little knoll from which they might be ablo to see the direction the fugitives had tnfceu.' Tlioy wore in Indian file, nu'i net more than two hundred vards distant, and it was only that the blanks had boon on tho oilier si to u little ? ridge wnicli thev were just rramng that ihc flying party ' had not boon perceived. E revard, tuid tlio uihors, lay per fectly Mill, almost afraid to Lrontho, an ' Lute tho Tinxor ' flfi he was called, drew his Inife. threatening by « gesture, wliiih the poor blnrk hoy umloralood well rtiouj/Ii, that iflie moved or spoke hp would kill him. In a few tmnutes, whi-h seemed lite ft* many hours, the savages had ail i asscd, and tho party dowly and silently began to crecn olong toward a, mas* of grey rock, under cover of which thev ibougliUtify might cross tho ri,4go, and get into the thick scrub beyond ; just as thoy reaped ft, however, (hey iicnid tlio blacks returning, and had scarcely time to crouoli behind it, when a numbor of thom passod on the other side, milking for another elevation at a little distance, 'ibis, then, was now their only hieing place, on! through a little chink between (lie rocks tlioy had a partial view of both i.Miu* of the 'Wmrigab, who had squatted down amongst the sciub, wniting the anticipated npproit'ti of the whites, vhr in they little suspected were so near than, nnd who onlv outflanked them tiy about o hundrod ynrJ*. Alia remaining in tliis position for hall an hour, which ti. (hi ill looked litelinll'uvay. the Straw Uappel Fop, who M.t with hi* Lock to tlic rock, nnd who appeared determined to mute him.-eli us comfortable as he could, said iu a low whisper. . . , 4 'Well! bednd, we've gut ourselves into as nice a tternp us ever 1 seen in my life; it's a puily mosB and no mistake; no gun. no uothin , not oven a shlick to dotted ono's-self wid. M'dl, here wc ore, nnv way, and not dead yet, mid won't be widout a tight for it ; but whore the divil's Dandy Kcll v ?'' 44 i have not seen him since be crawled beliind that forthebt stone when wc beard them coming back; I sup pose he* lying there still; but IiunIi! what is that? whispered iSdwoitl. - , a Their hearts bent fest and loudly, for the blacks, tired of waiting, were beginning to move ; after a few moments, during whit h they could see nothing, but hod drawn their knives, nnd looked with pole but determine^ focos into cadi other's eyes, expecting every moment Iosco a gigantic savage *lep iomn tbe stone whore tlioy wore hiding they heard a fierce yell, which made their hearts knock against their ril.F, for tlicy knew that thoir tracks were found, and that a few sccon K would decide their fate. t4Gnine's up,' cried Jack tho Settler, fiercely, bs the snvnges were crossing tho little gully which separated theni ih'iu the fugitives, and snatching up the black boy in hi* luins, he jumped to the top of tho rock, full iu the eight of the nslomsbca Warrigals nnd taking him across Mb knee, tic placed his knife against the child's throat, and callod out, 4 Come a step nearer, you black fiends, and Til cut his wizen before your eyes.' 4 Garryowen for ever, powther out, and send tho bid to the divel' b father, nv tucy stir a stop,' cried the Fop, jumping up beside Jack. Men}- sjjears wore poised, but nono thrown, for tbe child was the only son of the chief of tho tribe, and they know ?well enough that the white man would carry his threat, which Ihey could not fail to understand, out to the vory letter. A pause ensue 1, and a short consultation concluded, by an elderly black stepping to (he front, where the chief stood, mid saying, 44 'Bore you gib him that piccaninny, nil pull awoy black fellow ; pose you make a light ; 'pose you not, rnuny make haste, blnckfdlow pyc him cobbara.' ** Oli ! ho! (lint's Vou, is it, my friend; foitli I won't forget that anyhow, Bftid the Fop, interjcctionally. Jack Bpokcbnck lothe snvnge, 44 Oh, plenty gammon vou, blnebfcllow. Bail me give liim piccaninny up. You . blaclfeilow conic here, I cut him piccaninny throat.' On this being explained to the chief, lie effectually put a stop to all hostilities for (he present, and tried by means of j liis infci-prcter, whom the Fop had recognise! as a black fellow who used to hong about tlic station, to conic to some arrangement. This the white party refused to do, unless the IVarragals would give up Lanky' s child. Whilst this, conversation was going on, a loud shout was heard in the rear of the rocks, and Dandy Kelly, and six other men, rode furiously up the side of a gully at a littlo distance, firing with deadly effect amongst (he blacks, who, on the first sound of the new comeis, had greeted them with a -shower of spears. The Fop and Jackhad, on hearing the welcome sounds, dropped into their lair behind the rockB, and the blacks, on perceiving that the new comers were armed with guns, and seeing two or throe of their com panions fall dead, had taken to the bush as f&Bt; as they could go. The reinforcement on horseback followed the panic stricken Warrigals lor a considerable distance into the bush, until (hey reached the mangrove bushes, wluch showed the lommcnieincnt of the swamp bordering the river, whilst the party on foot made tho best of their way to Clydebank. Ou arriving there, Edward borrowed a horse, leaving the four men belonging to Strathalbin to return, as quickly as they could, to their own residence, and to give warning, by firing a six-pounder gun, wliich hal been transported there for that special purpose, that the blocks were out; and to cross to the junction of the lakes to Mosquito Point, for Mr. Sheridan, the superintendent of the station. Getting liis wounded arm, wlii h now began, to be very painful, properly dressed, he mounted, and, taking tbe black boy on the saddle before hhn, he rode cuickly to the ford of the Thompson, and, crossing, made for the Plain hut, whore he expected to find someofthemen belonging to his father's station. On soaring (he hut, he saw a most melancholy spectacle, the body of the murdered woman— (whicli, he afterwards learned, had been kept a day , longer than had been intended, so that an inquest might be ! held over it by the nearest magistrate, who had not been able to get at Black&ddcr; Rioge until late the previous evening; Mr. Scott, although a magistrate himself, not liking to take the whole responsibility of returning a verdict as to the manner she had come by ber death, himself, on ! account of the murder having been committed on his station)— being borne from the hut. sewn up iu a couple of green hides, and corned upon a sheet of bark, in lieu of a bier, to a newly dug grave on a rising knoll overlooking the , rdope leading to tbe river. Edwaid hungup his horse at the back of the hut, and, taring of his coat to give ease to his wounded arm, which was now throbbing and shooting most painfully, slowly followed the sad cortege, Icading.thc blnck boy by the liana, iic{:cr eived by Jim, who was walking behind' the corpse, slowly and sadly, with liis eyes fixed on the ground. On ii aching the spot of interment, the black skirt which Mrs. S «olt hart brought with her, and which served for a pall, was drawn from over the body, and Mr. Scott began to rend the solemn and touching words of the burial sendee, preparatory to its being lowered into its lost resting place. .Suddenly, Jim, raising his tearful eyes from the ground, saw standing close by him, in wonder and alarm, the black hoy, whom Edward still kept fast by the hand. He staggered back for a moment, as if he hod been struck by a rifle bullet, and then, suddenly seizing the hatchet whioh had been brought to clear away the roots and underwood for tho grave, in a paroxysm of ungovernable rage at being brought into contact with one of the hated tribe who haa bereft bim of all lie loved on earth, he made as though he would have cleft him down to the ground at ouc fell blow. Edward, however, who was standing near, reaJv to lower the body, seized him by the arms, and Mr. Scott,' who had let the prayer-book drop from his hands in astonishment and honor, gazed speechless on the scene. After a moment, Jim, whose better nature got the mastery a s liis senses returned, let fall the hatchet, and, in a Voice broken, by emotion, said,— 44 1 ax your pardon, Mester and Missis, and yours too, Mcster Edwaid and mates, for my headstrong rage, but if you'd had your wife slaughtered, and your dorlin' stolen awoy, as I have, maybe you'd be as fooush as I am; my poor wemb, killed like a dog, and buried without somuvh as a deal hoard to cover thee da-ently; but God forgi' nie tor my bitterness, and tache me to say, 4 Thy will be done.' ' The sad ceremony went on without further interruption, oud the poor man, after seeing the last sliovelM of earth heaped over the remains, turned away with a sigh, and, seeing the black boy, who still remained crouched on the gra6B, trembling in fear and wonder, lie took him by the hand, saying,— 44 1 can never abide to live i' tho Plain hut again, Mester Scott ; I dunnot think ut I've been a bad sarvent to you, so if you can find me work up at th' house or over th'' river, I'D just tak' this lad wi' mo and bring liim up, and if I can tache him to spake a bit of English, maybe someday he may tell me summut about my child. Poor crature, I dar say he's gotten a mother whose heart bleeds as much for his loss as mine does for my wench. Well, well, God help and comfort all those who arc afflicted and distressed, whether they be black or white.' A neat railing made by Mike tho conxenter, now sur rounds r grass-covered mound, on a little hillock facing the north -west, and which receives the last rayfl of the sun as it sets behind the blue mountains in the distance ; and the stockmen, returning home from their day's work, still sigh, in a soft whisper, as they see it glinting white through the trees at eve, 44 Poor Lanky Jim.' (To be continued.) Caution to takties in quest of Employment, — The Melbourne Age of 18th April gays ; — The Go vernment Gazette of last night contains a caution against persons resorting to Singapore for employ ment. It forms part of & despatch from Lieutenant Colorel Mecpherson, secretary of the Government of ? the Stvaite eet lement, who says : — 44 1 have the henour, by desire cf his Honor the Governor, to re quest the favour of your gubmiiting for the considera tion of bis Excellency the Governor-General in Council, tlic tuggCEtien cautioning people against crmmgto this place, where there is so littte prospect ol their obtaining employment — from a report from the con miesfe ner of police at Singapore, on the subject of the fctateof cfeetitutrn of many of ihe Europeans who have recently arrivtd at this settlement from Aus tralia, under ihe impression — an impression totally devoid of foundation — that they would experience little difficulty in obtaining suitable employment. These unfoi lunnte prrrong generally leave Australia, in charge ot hone*. They ere discharged almost immediately after their arrival in the Straits, and bring unable to eacure service, whilst the climate precludes their procuring a livelihood by ordinary out-of-door labour, they are eocn reduced to the utmost penury, aud become in mates of the local charitable institution'.' Mr. Ira Aldridge, the African tragedian, who has been iorfomc time eclipsing (literally) the Continental 44 6t»re,' and gathering laurela — not nightshade — in Northern Europe, is creating a furore, 6o a Russian iiictd informs us, in the interior of the Muscovite emivre. He has turned tbe head of St. Petersburg, ana he li&s; thrown the provincial town of Kharkoff into Qt slacics. Mr. Aldridge has been Tfceived in the t- *t Russian society, where Irs intelligence and gen tV'iiV'Uly hi aring have made him a great favourite, 