BAPTIST CHAPEL. MAGILL. The foundation-stone of a new Baptist Chapel at Magill was laid on Saturday, September 29. About 100 persons, including visitors from Adelaide and other places, assembled to witness the ceremony. The building is to be erected on an allotment of land abutting on the Magill road, and its dimen sions are 35 by 25 feet; provision is made for a room below the chapel for the use of the Sunday- school, and the walls as far as the set off, are to be composed of concrete stuccoed over. The super structure is to be of stone and brick, and it is cal culated that the entire edifice will be erected for little more than £350, of which sum about £200 has already l»een subscribed and promised. The 923rd Hymn in the selection having been sung, the Rev. A. W. Webb read from the Second Book of Chronicles Solomon's prayer at the dedi cation of the Temple, after which he supplicated the Divine blessing. The Rev. Mr. Storehouse having gone through the usual formula connected with the laying of the stone, Mr. Strawbridge said the bottle placed in the cavity beneath the stone contained the papers of the day, and a document of which the following were the heads:— "This building is erected for the worship of the Great I Am, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost - one Cod. It is intended to be devoted for the use of those holding Baptist principles who have of late been worshiping in Mr. T. Barnes's house, and was laid this 29th day of September, 1863 by the Rev. George Stonehouse. Trustees—Messrs. T. Barnes, C. E. Horton, D. Fowler, C. Goode, S. Nation. Joseph Mercer. W. Barnes, J. Strawbridge, sen., and J. Strawbridge. jun. Deacons—Messrs. Horton and T. Barnes. Building Committee Same as Trustees with the addition of W. Yateman. Architects—Messrs. Barnes and Yateman." The Rev. Mr. Stonehouse then addressed the assembly. He said they had now laid the founda tion-stone of a Christian sanctuary. That was an event which did not frequently occur, and it was on this account that it excited so much interest. There was an interest attaching to the event itself as well as to the circumstances which led to it the associations with which it was connected and the results which, under God's blessing, might be expected to flow from the erection of a house for His worship. Men had built pyramids, temples, palaces, and tombs, and each of these pos sessed a glory peculiar to itself; but a place for the worship of Him whom the heaven of heavens could not contain had a dis tinguishing glory, a moral and spiritual excellence, which far exceeded those other evidences of man's handiwork. It was well to found benevolent institutions, to build asylums for the destitute and hospitals for the sick; but to raise a temple wherein to celebrate the praise of the Most High far transcended these works. It rose as much above them as things spiritual rose above things temporal - as those things which were imperishable and eternal exceeded in importance matters be longing to the present life. It was a gratifying feature of the times, and particularly noticeable in connection with the land in which they lived, that wherever a few Christian friends or families settled down near each other, however much they might differ in minor matters, one of the first things they thought about was the erection of a house of prayer where they might record their vows, and within which they might attend to the services of religion. This spirit had been manifested from the beginning of the colony, and still new struc tures were being erected. Indeed, it could truly be said that there was no place on the earth where there were so many houses of prayer, in comparison to the population, as in South Australia. The building which it was contem- plated to erect on that spot was intended for the use of that section of the Church which men called the Baptist denomination ; and which they were quite willing to have that appellation applied to them, they still laid claim to the title of Christian ; and while they bowed with submission to the teaching of God's Word with relation to the ordinance of baptism, they yet heartily welcomed all who loved Christ in sincerity. The basis of their communion was exceedingly broad indeed; as one of their poets had said, 'Even the dipped and sprinkled dwell in peace.' Reverting to the object for which they had met, he remarked that the occasion of their gathering was one which should evoke pleasure and thankfulness. When the foundation of the earth was laid the morning stars sang to gether, the sons of God shouted for joy, and the mighty Architect pronounced that the work of His hand was good; but the circumstances connected with the redemption of man were far more striking. God said that man was wandering without a foundation on which to rest, and in the plentitude of His goodness he de termined to provide a substantial and per manent one, and he made known his designs by the mouth of his servant the prophet. "Behold I lay in Zion a stone: a tried stone, a precious corner-stone, a sure foundation." It was this truth which constituted the stability of their faith. It was this truth which would be made known front Sabbath to Sabbath within the walls of that edifice when erected. Could they, then, not con fidently expect the blessing of Him who assured His disciples, when their number was small an their influence feeble, "For where two or three are met together in My name, there am I in the midst of them." And how strictly had that promise been verified in the history of the Church ; for notwith standing times of darkness and affliction and seasons of persecution and tribulation, the cause of the Redeemer had prospered in pro- portion to the prayerfulness and zeal and devoted ness of its adherents, until now the little leaven had leavened the whole lump, and the boughs of the tree of life were bending down with the weight of their fruit within the reach of all. He ended by exhorting all who had not done so to build upon that foundation which God had laid in Zion — that corner-stone which had been tried in life and tried in death, tried by the saints in heaven and tried by those on earth, but which had never been found io give way. The 762nd Hymn having been sung, and prayer offered by the Rev. Mr. Tuck, the ceremony termi nated. A large concourse of persons shortly afterwards assembled at the residence of Mr. Barnes to partake of tea provided in commemoration of the event. A public meeting followed in the room which has of late served the purpose of a place of worship for those belonging to the Baptist persuasion in Magill, amounting in all to 21. The congregation attending the ministra tion of the Gospel in Mr. Barnes's house has, however, increased to such an extent as to render additional accommodation necessary. After singing and prayer, Captain W. Scott was called on to preside. In a few opening remarks that gentleman alluded to the many religious privileges enjoyed by the present generation which were not conceded to their ancestors, and urged the necessity for Christian diligence. He looked upon every new church which was erected as a fort built against the battlements of sin and Satan. Mr. Barnes next gave a concise account of the circumstances which had led to the proposal for erecting a new chapel, and stated that, although the dimensions were small, the propor- tions were such as to admit of the building being enlarged without detracting anything from its ap pearance. The Rev. G. Stonehouse followed, and took occasion to refer to the statistics prepared by Mr. Thomas Reynolds with regard to church ac commodation in the province. He thought the fact which they disclosed gave Christians in the province abundant cause to thank God and take courage. The rev. gentleman then, in a very elegant manner proceeded to show that it was righteousness which exalted a nation, and not material pros perity or the encouragement of the arts and sciences. Mr. W. K. Thomas then congratulated the meeting on the event which had that day occurred, and made a few observations relative to the im portance of Sunday-schools. The Rev. Mr. Tuck in the course of his address stated that there was not a sufficiency of well-qualified ministers in the country districts, and urged that steps should be taken to supply the deficiency. The Rev. A. W. Webb being called upon delivered an impressive address, in which he warned the audience against indulging in pride. They might, he said, deluge the land with tabernacles, but no good result would follow unless the life of true religion were maintained. Mr. J. White having made a few remarks, Mr. Jno. Goode was called upon to speak. He alluded to the spread of Baptist principles in the colony, in England and on the Continent, and urged those present, in view of their many privileges, to live in accordance with the precepts of Christ. Mr. Jas. Scott next spoke of the results which might follow from the faithful preaching of the Word in that locality; after which a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, and the meeting closed in the usual way. 