SOMETHING LIKE LECTURING. Though the pleasing terrors of the optical ghost hare not yet ceased to attract a throng of curious spectators, Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic Institute,'has devised a new source of excitement in the shape of an interesting lecture on one of the most awful topics of the day. " Burning to death and saving from death "is the allurins title of his discourse, and as every unhappy victim to the ignited crioobne has supplied him with a sort of ghastly adver tisement, it is by no means wonderful that his rooms are crammed to repletion. People know that Mr Pepper is much too wise in his genera tion to attempt to instruct them only, to lecture drily on the chemical properties of combustibles and incombustibles, or to discourse with unspiced erudition on the subject of asbeatoes. They are well aware that a grand " sensation scene " of some kind or another is in preparation for them, and, indeed, it is one of Mr Pepp-r's great quali'ies that he knows how to flavour his rations of sci°nce with sauce of the strongest relish. Unmixed is the satisfaction with which the spectators behold him as he tests the efficacy of various antidotes to combustion, by holding piece of muslin saturated with each the flame of a lamp. Phosphate of am monia, that produces carbonization without combustion, or, to use shorter words, blackens without a blaze, is regarded with great re?pect. More lightly esteemed is borax, which allows the flun° to give a sort of red-hot appearance to th" muslin, and leads one to conjecture that, if it will prevent people from being actually consumed, it will not insure thflm against the chance of being grilled. Contempt, shared by the lecturer, is ft-lfc for alum, which seems to be endowed with the negative virtues of a chip in the porridge; while tungstate of soda and the "patent incombustible starch" command murmurs of applause. Still the pleasure a3 yet felt is mainly of an anticipatory kind. The "patent incombustible starch" manufactured at. Rushton-street, Hoxton, and sold at th* Polytechnic, is obviously the ar icle to which the whole lecture is intended to lead, hut every body is convinced that its virtues will be shown in a more striking manner than the oerserva tion of a miserable piece of muslin. The con viction is justified by the event. With two grand "effects" does the lecture conclude. For the fi-st Mr Pepper brings forward a lay.figure, attired like a lady largely be- crinolined, and stands it on a plate of iron. A light applied to he skirt of the dress soon causes the figure to be , last in a pyramid of flame, and some of the more »iwwptible of the spectators shriek aloud at the! frightful representation of a too frequent reality With the aid of blankets the flames are ex tinguished, but the dilapidated appearance ol the figure i3 perhaps even more appaling that; the brilliant destruction of its garments. Now for the second effect. We have already seen the fate of the damsel who wore crinoline, but would not U3e '* patent incombustible starch we have now to behold the reward of prudence Not a lay figure, but a real lady, attired in ? duly prepared garment, takes her place on the iron plate and confidently walks up and down between two rows of flame. The fire lightly 1 plays upon her skirt, and leaves her unscathed, while she bravely tempts it to do its worst. Here is an excitement of the most legitimate kind—the appearance of peril combined with the reality of perfect safety; a Blondin with his neck warranted not to break, even in the event of a fall. Applause, of which the young lady has a share, is tremendous, and—" What need of further argument:" says Professor Pep per. He has given his auditors capital premises for a svlloL'ism. and if they cannot draw the conclusion they must be dull indeed. 