ORDINATION , 'AT 'ST. 'MAEl^STI On Saiiirday, an ordination ..was held byljiis Giace/the- Archbishop in St. Mary's Cathedral,, when the fbiir minor. Orders of Door-keeper,. Rekder, Exorcist, and Acolyte, and the first 'of the ereat Orders, that of SubrDeacon, were conferred ..upon Mr. M'Girr, and the secdnd that of Deacon upon the Rev. P. Fitzpatrick, Austin Byrne, and P. O'Farrell. ;, The Archbishop having entered the banctuary, accompanied by hisclergy in procession, the pbper mass of the day, Ember Saturday, was proceeded with ; and after the first Lesson, the candidate' having been called upsn by name hy the VerjrRev. S. A. Sheehy, who acted as notary, advanced in his surplice, and with a candle in his hand, to the feet of the Archbishop, where, having knelt down, his Grace admonished him on the nature of the duties he was about to undertake, and afterwards delivered to him the keys of the chu-ch, which he received in his right hand. He was then conducted bV the Archdeacon (M'Encroe) to the church deor, yhich he opened and closed, rang the altar-bell, and;' then returned to the feet of ; the .Archbishop, where, having knelt down,' some ?priyers were said, which concluded the ceremony of the reception of Door keeper.' . ' ; After the second Lesson, the office of Lector waa administered. Having been called upon by the Notary in the usual form, the candidate, kneeling at the Archbishop's feet, received the books' which he was empowered to read in the church 'from the Archbishbp With the customary ceremonies!,. and prayera. \, , ,( . r .. .'?'.' '..'; /After the third Lesson, the Order of Exorcist wa3 administered, giving to its possessor the power of casting out devils; and then, after the.1 fourth Lesson, he. received the remaining one of/trie,! four minor Orders, that of Acolyte, whose duty it is to carry (the candles in church, and to light' it up,, and to administer the wine and water to the 'priest daring Mass.' The wax tapers and vases ,'f'oi the reception of the wine and, water were delivered into his custody by the Archbishop. | The Archhishop then proceeded te the ordination of Sub-deacon. Having taken his seat in front' of the ahar . the ' fifth lesson was chanted. The Notary then called by name upon the candidate for the office of Sub-deacon, who having replied advanced to the feet of the Archbishop with the vestmepts to be worn by him at the altar during mass orer his left arm and a wax candle inhis right hand. , An exhortation was then delivered by the Archbishop, re I'inding the candidate that the step he was about fo, take was irrevocable, that henceforth he. must renounce the world, and devote tue remainder of his life to the service of the Chqrcb. The candidates .for the office of Deacon were then called by the Archdeacon, and they as -well a» the Sub deacon about to be ordained having prostrated themselves on the steps of the altar, remained in that position during the chanting of the Litanies of the Saints, in the course of which the Archbishop rising up, turned towards the Sub-deacon and Deacons elect and extending his hands over them prayed, that they might be blessed and sanctified, and then, kneeling down again, the Litanies were finished in the usual manner. ''.' . ',..',' The four candidates then kneeling in the front of the Archbishop received from him the chalice and ana inner aiiar vessels aner wnicn tne new Sub Deacon was clothed by the Archbishop with the amice, maniple and chasuble and afterwards received from him the book of the Epistles which concluded the ceremony of the ordination of Sub Deacon and he then returned to his place. The Epistles was then chanted by the new Sub Deacon and the Deacons elect having been called were presented to the Archbis'icp by the Archdeacon who hiving tes tified to their fitness to receive the office the ordina tion, was proceeded with. The usual exhortation on the duties of their office having been delieverd, the Archbishop after repeating certain prayers placed his right hand upon the head of each one to be ordained. taying at the same time ' Receive the Holy Ghost with strength to resist the Devil and his temptations, in the name. of the Lord.' Each one then received his vestments fiom the hands of the Archbishop and afterwards the book of the Gospels. Mass was then proceeded with, in the usual way the Gospel being chanted by the Rev. P. Fiizpatrick oi.e of the newly ordained Deacons which concluded the ordination. : At the Communion the three new Deacons and Subdeacon received the Bread of life and drank of the chalice from the hands of the Archbishop and mass was concluded as upon ordinary occasions. The fate of the six men convicted at the Special Commission which has , just closed its sittings, was decided upon at a meeting of the Ex ecutive Couneil held on Monday. Alexander and Charles Ross, John Bow and Henry Manns will all suffer, the ex' reme penalty ot the law. Theexecu. tiou of the two former is fixed for the 18th of the present month in Darlinghurst, Gaol, and of the two latter for .ths 26th at the,s,a;ne place. The sentence on O'Connor and Fordyce was commuted into imprisonment for life . , with hard labour. O'Connor on receiving the intelligence of the, com- mutation of his sentence was so much affected that he tell down in a fit. and was a considerable tune before he recovered. Fordyce appears to have expected a much more lenient sentence,, and ot the prisoners sentenced to death, Alexander Ross alone betrayed much emotion, the other prisoners listening to the announcement of their doom with unshaken firmness. 