. THE INEBHIATE ASYLUM, NEW YOBK. " Thia ls an asylum fot drunkards, ,who volantatily enter it for tbe pnr-ose of abandoning tbeir drinking babita, having lost all power of self-control whilst sub- jeot to the every.day tempta»'ons wbiob surround them. " The trustees of the proposed Inebriate Asylum in New York have iBsned an appeal to the Churches of the United States and the Amerton- poblio for assistanoe. Some of tba statements are 'startling, as-'. ".'Who oan doubt the vital importance of suoh an asylum when, even before i's first story is completed, applications have been made for admittance, mony of whioh are from the patienta themselves t Among the applicants are 38 clergymen, 86 physicians, 42 lawyers, 8 judges, 13 editor', 4 army and 3 naval officers, 170 dérobants, 65 farmers, 516. meohanios, and 410 woraen, most of them ladies.' "How came alitheseio.beprostrate and so disgracedt Did they desoend .to drunkenness and shame with one step, or did they go down' by the dangerous stairway of n operation?',: .".Twenty-eight 'clergymen'-nun who were, if we believe.; their profession, oalled by the Holy Ghost to watch the. flock of the faithful, and to be themselves sentinels and'guardians upon the walls of Zion; these men by the way of moderation, have' fallen-ales I bow low. -. ' " Thirty-Bil physIcianB'-men wbo knew the danger that InrkB in tba cup of abominable things, and yet partook of ita unholy and destructive contents. . They are prostrate and helpless, in the fiendish power of the t j rant which bas bound them in his adamontine chains. "'Forty-two. lawyers'-men who by tbapraotioeof tbelr honourable profession, tea often deep into the af. fairs of others ; they bave turned their knowledge into licentiousness, bave disgraoed humanity and the bar, and are mw shivering inebriates seeking admission into tba balls and retreats of the any lam. "'Three judges'- conservatives of the peace,purity, and proteotion of their respective jurisdiction'-men who ministered the law themselves, prostrated below the poor creatures upon whom tbey executed the vengeance of the violated etatato, and their ermine dragged in the pollution of Bacon, malian degradation. "1 Twelve editors'-men wbo, for tbe sake of the com- munity and themselves, ought to abBtaln from, and honestly denounce, any participation in tbe demoralising customs of sooioty-they advertised the poison in thsir oolam-, took bribes, perhaps, to slander the temperanoe oause, and fell into the snares which they assisted toset for others. "And the 'army and navy' reek a representation witbii the bolls cf tbe Drunkard's Asylum. 1170 mer ohsnts I'- nhet horrible havoc upon the oommeroial en- terprise, indnstry, and intelligence of the country. ' 00 Formera'-who should have been publicly useful in tbeir doy. ' 010 meobonlcB-men who might have carved out an honourable name, and left an unsullied reputation how degraded I r, .. "'.Four .hundred and ton wemen from the high walks of life I' Horrible words I "What a summary. Surely the.demand ia loud to the pulpit, the platform, and the ' press, to 1 stay this plague.'- AmericanPaper." 