THE ROADS. The state of the roads in this and other dis tricts at tbe present time is highly discreditable to the central Government and those local bodies whose more especihl duty it is to improve and carc for the public highways. In another column we refer to the melancholy fate of tho Polytechnic Ghost en route for Yandoit. That which has be- fallen the Ghost is daily and hourly the fate ot less spectral and glassy travellers. The loss to the country by delay, wear and tear of vehicles and horses, damage and destruction of goods, Ac., by reason of the liorrid state of the up- country roads must amount to thousands and tens of thousands of pounds annually. / ' The railway goods traffic has been very brisk of late, immense quantities of mcrcliaxidise of all kinds being sent up from Melbourno and else where to Castlemaine, which forms the centre of a very wide and important district. The goods sent from the metropolis up-country - include every conceivable a ticle, while the character of the goods transmitted to the sea-board are equally various. We noticed a large number of bales of wool bciDg placed in tbe trucks, also some Cas tlemaine flagging. Tho bullock drays and wag gons which were being loaded for variousdis- tant stations and townships bore unmislakeable evidences of " hard labour" through tho . mud and over the unmado bush-roads. On speaking to somo of the drivers, they told miserable tales of " being bogged," of horses knocked up, of wheels being disabled, o!" shafts broken, of goods damaged. All this should not be allowed to continue without abatement year after year. It would well repay the outlay were the various local bodies to raise a loan .to be spent in im- / proving the roads referred to. There can be no question that the imperfect and almost impass able (at certain seasons) state of many of the up-couhtry rouds is tho indirect cause of tho comparative want of success which has hitherto attended the working of tho trunk lines of rail way. A broad network of good roads spread over the colony would net us constant and effi cient feeders to tho railway lines. But it cannot be expected that the rough, muddy, boggy, execrable bush tracks which the public aro now compelled to use will benefit either the railways, or in fact anyone. 