EXECUTION OF BARRETT FOR THE BECKINSALE MURDER. From iTie Argus. December. 2. On Tuesday morning, at ten o'clock, the culprit James Barrett, convicted at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, Melbourne, of the murder of Mrs. Beckinsale, suffered the extreme penalty of the law in the presence of about sixty persons. The wretched criminal, who had been brought up as a Roman Catholic, was attended in his last hours by the Rev. Fathers Bleasdals and Williams, who performed the last rites'of the church applicable to the occasion. The prisoner throughout tqe pre parations and down to the time the drop fell, Baid nothing but appeared to feel an indifference as to his fate, which was shown in a quiet and passive demeanour, and he died almost, without a struggle. It appears that on Monday evening, about eight o'clock, the wretched man said he wished to write a statement or confession of the crime for which he was to suffer. A prisoneTwho was confined with him was then allowed to write the following at the dictation of Barrett, who read it carefully over and signed : — Concession oe Jambs Beemingham, alias, Baebett.— On the 2lnt of October I went to the house of Mr. Beckinsale, and saw Mrs. Beckinsale in the bedroom, in the act of putting on her boots. f dAmanriorl nrViat mnnotr oVi« Vinri in tVip timiaa ? clip threw about £6 in Bilver on the bed, and com menced crying and making a great moise. I then struck her with a tomahawk I held in my hand on the head, and followed up my blows until I killed her. I then robbed the house of about £6 in silver, a watch, and a pair of boots ; I then locked the door. I am not certain what I did with the key. It is not through (true?) I rushed Mrs Beckinsale round the house ; everything took place in the house. Mr. Beckinsale was away from home when I committed the murder. He had no know ledge of my being about to commit the murder. I used no weapon but the tomahawk. (Signed) James Bebmingham, alias Baebbtt. Witness — 1\ M. Quin, Senior-turnkey. November 30. 1863.1' The account given by him of himself was that he was fifty years of age, and was a native of Oork, and had originally enlisted in the 36th Regiment, 'but^harinp1 atriink nnp. nf t.hfl fiew»pnnts was trans ported for seven years, and arrived in Australia by the Xcrd Goderich, in 1848, in bonds. 'On gain ing his freedom, he worked as a labourer, but ever : afterwards led an irregular life. The^uaual formali- ; ities^che inquestv'&o.;, were observed, as acquired by ' the Privates Executions Act. It may be remarked thct the conduct of the persons permitted to be pre sent in the gaol yesterday morning was marked by ?such disgraceful impatience, that if it ?were possible to publish the names of all that were present, it would show in-the great majority of-the names, what persons should not be allowed to intrude thezn -solves on any-*uch solemn occasion. It appeared at one time, while the process of pinioning was being performed, that the crowd would have so ..pressed upon the ministers of religion, the ezeeu tioner, and the culprit, that there would not have been Bpace fcrtbe proper conduct of the ceremony ; and as the- spectators passed through the door into the gallows- yard, there was a crush as of an eager and rude mob crushing to the enterance of the pit* door of a theatre. It seeme -so much the more s«3. there wasan unusually largVoumber ol'tHe/pohVe .present, both officers and men. \ First Communion and Confirmation at ?St. Patrick^. — The children who have been pre. paring for the last five or six weeks for their irst .communion, ;partook of the bread of life on last ?Tuesday, the 'feast of the Immaculate Mother of Christ, a day most appropriate for so sacred a service. The Sisters of the Good Shepherd have been in constant attendance on^them in the church for some weeks past, and eveiything was arranged in .an edifying manner for duly partaking of the Holy Communion. About .120 approached .the altar rails, and there received their tord and thek Ged in theholy mystery of the Blessed Sacrament Having spent some time in prayer and in reciting appropriate hymns in thanksgiving for the ineffable benefits they had just received, they returned to the . hall where they par&ook; of a fitting repast prepared for thera. After the lapse of an hour they returned to the.church and .commenced their immediate pre paratiqn for receiving the holy sacrament of Confirmation, when seme appropriate hymns were sung in a very .affecting and edifying manner His Grace the Archbishop arrived from Parramatta at half.past ten, and after having explained to the assembled .children and some adults who presented themselves for Confirmation, the nature and dispo sitions necessary for receiving this sacrament which confers the sev-en-fold gifts of the Holy Ghost, and the other especial graces derived from this sacred rite, he laid hands upon them according to the in junctiou and following the example of the Apdstles. After the Confirmation his Grace impressed on all those who had received the sacred rite, the necessity of living up to the holy engagements they had then contracted, by becoming zealous Christians and soldiers of Jesus Christ. He pointed out to them how they were to combat their spiritual enemies by whom they were surrounded in a conupt and wicked world. They should therefore renew their baptism al vowEj for renouncing the flesh, the world and the devil, and endeavour to preserve that purity of conscience and simplicity of life which has always characterized the followers of a crucified Saviour. After receiving the Apostolic benediction and again singing a few appropriate hymns, the children retired to their homes, having left a favourable impression on the minds of all present by their pious and attentive demeanour during these sacred ceremonies. In consequence of the great and general dissatisfaction expressed that Mr. Holroyd should have taken advantage of his official position to select four blocks of land adjacent to the newly discovered iron mine at Bulli before its existence became known to the public, a report was prevalent in Sydney yesterday, that the honorable gentleman was about to resign his office in the Ministry. no doubt. that within the range of its influence the fruit will be almost entirely destroyed, and the crops most materially injured. About six the storm cleared ofTj but at a latter hour last night there was heavy rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning. — Goulburn Eerald, Deo. 9. A report reached town on monday night, by the gold escort, that the station belonging to Mr. S. K. Salting, of Sydney, known as Demondrille, had been destroyed by fire, and that it was suspected the conflagration was the act of an incendiary. All sorts of rumours appeared to prevail on the subject. It was said that the place had been destroyed by Gilbert and Ben Hall as a sort of bushrangers punishment tor Mr. Edmonds, the resident superintendent, having given evidence against the Toodles. It was also said that the new woolshed on Cunningham Plains, which is one of the finest buildings of the kind in the colony, and has just been finished at a cost of more than £2000, was the subject of these wicked men's 'spite. Yesterday morning we telegraphed to Young for information, but up to the hour of going to press have received no reply. A private message was, however, received from that place during the afternoon, and as it mentioned nothing of the circumstance, it is possible that the story is not true. Demondrille station was originally formed by Mr. James Manning, about twenty- seven years ago, and Mr. John Hampden Dutton, well known to old colonists, was superintendent there. It afterwards passed into the hands of Messrs. Wyse and Marsh, and from them into those of the present owner. It is one of the oldest establishments in that part of the district. — Yass Courier, Dec. 9. Snake Bites.— A correspondent to the Border JPest writes as follows : — Any suggestion likely to prevent the fatal consequences of snake-bites must be particularly interesting to the Australian colonist at the approach of the snake season. It mignt, therefore, be considered worth wnile to copy the scientific review of the Gazettede France a notice concerning the discovery of a cure for the bites of 'Venomous insects and reptiles, xhe com. municatioa has been made by the French traveller, Mr. Coebet. This discovery ia attributable to the savages of South America, to whom we owe the knowledge of the beneficial properties of .so. very many plants, and among others, those of quinine and saraaparilla, &3\. The cure consists in the observation of the following points: — When a person ;liad been stung by an insect or bitten by a snake, -the sufferer immediately puts a good cud or quid of chewing tobacco in bis mouth, chews it well, -swallows the juice, and applies the remaining substance to the wound caused -by the venomous insect or snake. This remedy, when applied directly after the irgery wasu{}prva !ine celebrated heard^P^hBro a^'ao:eB of South America, who travel, through the 'virgin ' ioreats teeming with serpehts and poisonous insects of every description, hardly with any clothes on^ or only covered with a simple shirt of bark fibre, or an apron made of the same material. 