YOUNG. "Wednesday, 9 p.m, Intelligence reached here to-day that Messrs, Webb and Crego's store, at Burrowa, was stuck up last night, and about £50 in notes and other property stolen. Four aimed men committed this robbery, the principals supposed to be Gilbert and O'Meally.' It appears that this gang of bushrangers have been within a circle of twenty miles for the last fourteen days. MissiONAivi Meetimj at Bedfern.-A tea and pabilo meeting to woloomo tho mißEionanes of the London Mis eionary Society, who aro now in Sydney, prior to proceed mg to tho South Sea Islands, took place last night at tai Congregational Church, Redfern. There was a good attendance Appropriate and ln'eresting addresses vere [ delhered by the chairman (tho Rev W. blatyer), the Be? Dr 1 urner, and the Revs Messrs Mnrray, Whitmee, Mills and King, as also by Captain Welch of tho Join Wesley, and Mr. Williame A collection having been taken in aid of tho funds of the missionary society, tho meeting separated at a few minutes to ten o'clock. CORONER'S COURT - The City Coroner held an inquest yesterday, on view of the body of a dealer named James Moore, at the Hope and Anchor public house, Druitt- street. The evidence was to the effect that the deceased had for the last three or four months suffered from rheuma- tism, and had been attended by Dr Degner, who enjoined him to refrain from the use of alcoholic stimulants. Latterly he seems to have disregarded this injunction, and on Tues- day spent the afternoon at the Hope and Anchor Inn. The landlord said that Moore had neither been drunk nor excited. At about half-past five o'clock, when reaching a billiard ball to one of the players, he fell speechless upon the floor. The young men in the room carried him home, where he soon afterwards expired. Dr. Renwick attended the deceased, but not be- fore life was extinct. He was of opinion that death had resulted from disease of the heart. Verdict-" James Moore, aged forty six, died suddenly from natural causes " -The inquest respecting tho death of Timothy Cusack, ndjourned from Monday, was further adjourned till the 7th instant, on account oi tho non-attendance of minasses -The inquiry having reference to tho finding of the dead bedy of a female infant m Darling Harbour on Tuesday morning, waa postponed till to-day to allow of a jaif mot teni examination being made. ALBERT CRICKET CLUB. - A well-attended special general meeting of this club was held at Lawrence's Rooms, George-street, on Tuesday evening last. After the usual formal business and the nomination of eight new members, Mr. J. M. Leigh, who occupied the chair, reported on behalf of the committee what had been done with reference to a cricket ground, and directed the secretary to read a prospectus which had been prepared by a sub-committee, whereby it was recommended that the capital required for leasing, fencing, and making the ground (which is near to Redfern), and erecting pavilion and other necessary build- ings, should be raised by the issue among members of the club only of 300 shares of £5 each ; that no application for more than ten shares be entertained, for although a number of gentlemen, confident in the success of the undertaking, had signified their intention to apply for a greater number, the com- mittee were anxious that every member of the club should have one share. As it is likely that the project will be an inducement for many persons to join the club, the committee will probably reserve a number of shares, to be issued to such as may so join after the first allotment. The com- mittee had not quite perfected their arrangement for the ground with the proprietors of the proposed site, but was likely to do so within a few days, after which the prospectus would be printed and sent to the members of the club. A provisional committee was formed, and after a vote of thanks to the ground sub-committee, and other persons who had given assistance, the meeting broke up. A Ghost in the Nu«fteentii Cemtjra.-A very interesting exemplification of one of tho numerous phe- nomena of optical science will bo presented at the Victoria Theatre at the boginning of next week, it will doubtless ba the means of attracting a largo conoourso of eagor spec tators. Wo allude to tho exhibition in this scepttcal age ol a distinctly visible but lopalpablo " ghost," toorWbya gentleman named Pitt, who has recently arrived from Mel bourne wilh his apparatus. Ihis " Ghost Illusion' va first invented by Mr. Diroks, and having |been patented atd considerably improved by Messrs. Diroks and Pepper,!! m w for the first time introduced into this colony by Mr Fut and his assistants, with the authority of the patentees The appat ittons thus evoked by the wondrous agenoy of brilliant chemical light strong lenses, and a partiente disposition, are desoribed by thoso who have seen them to be srmething calculated to shako tho nerves of tho mort phlegmatio individual that over expros«od bia d shekel In any spectral visitation. 1 he phantom figuro ia seen by (tie audience not as if it wera a more reflection, but as thoagh standing several feet in front of the body upon which it is rendered visiblo by tho aotion of the light The anreal shape moves, of courso, in exact correspondence to the motions of tho unseen person whom it represents, but the strange circumstance ot it oppoanngto stand to ally detached from any objeot invests it with weird and start ling attributes. Attached and interfered with It is sun motionless and undisturbed, remaining visible m spite oltu interposition of any moro substantial objeo' The apparition iB stated to bo so singularly vi\id that nothing but sachan interposition convinces the spectator of the actual a3T«T tho spectral delusion Tho disappearanco also of um " ghost" is sudden or gradual üb may bo dosired ¡.¡¡is curious diecovery is described fn a recent number of una a Week," and has attracted thousands to witness it at tti Polytechnic Institution, m London. Tho Ghost is to| appT at the "Vietona Theatre on Monday evening next, ma (u Instant, end, under the dexterous management of the arai of Mr. Pepper, will probably excite sensations of aT11"" ment-not unmixed with alarm-throughout tha ensmn? week. Iho Ghost will be presented as taking an appro- priate part in the dramatio action of a new play, never Dewe produced m this colony The Shooting op Mr, Bayliss.-Ia our isms ol Tuesday, wo gave, from thepenof a correspondo«atoo«« Wagga Wagga, full particulars of the outrage <»mm1'^ on tho above gentleman, by bushrangers, whilst he WM" route to Urana, in tho discharge of his official duties, in reference to this event, we quote from tho Wagga ir'W Express of the 29th ultimo, na follows :-" We aro rejoias to state that on Dr. Morgan's return to town yeaferdav, a« brought in a moro favourable account of tho natura 01us injuries snstained by Mr. Bayliss than waa at first»« hoped, and holds out great hopes of his ultimate "fWi themusolesofthobacfc bavin/? protected the vital paw. The imperative necessity of Borne immediato steps for *»». rity and repression being taking ia acquiesced in by al,, » volunteers expresa their willingness to ant-tho aTf"K in the way being mounts and equipments. mw»j wo throw out the suggestion with reforenoa tó volontier movement, that if the Government wsro MP"» for this purpose firearms at the disposal of those wums to undertake tho enterprise, in the various districts,T greatest difficulty would bo got ovor, as »0»M'SJLW entier obtained than the reanisite weapons ; ^a.wevX; not the effectiveness of a force thus raised. "n ."!,*{ morning we received a fresh piece of information, wmcu thews that these gentry have no intention of ooaguwp by halves. On leaving Hammond's place it Wfyj" bertfs party wended their way to tho scone of their toro« exploit (Harris' and Williams' pnblio and store), ia» time they entirely ransacked Willama' plaça, loading: u» horses with the booty, and absolutely ¿espoUtog bim ol m very coat on his back. They served Harris*« ita «J, what in the same fashion, taking one of kliert M» Tina ends our one day-, record, which will no ow occupy its appropriate niche in tho arobives of crime,* 1883, to bo hereafter compflid." 