LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. In order to give insertion to the later English nem jostts hand, we are oompcllod to omit several intcrestingparagraphs and a leading article already in typo. Ctaows Lvn-8uc.— : At the Cooma polioo office on Toes day last then was no offer fornny of tha land advertised fot ? sale, except one lot of20 acres, at Nimitybelle, which wa - purchased at the upset price by Mr. Angus M'Donald of thsj township. INQUEST.— On. Saturday last the district coroner, J.J. Ryall, Esq., commenced an inquiry at Mr. Cullen's the Squatters' Arms, Bunyan, as to the cause of the death of a man named William Lawrence, who had fallen from his horse on the 3rd instant, while proceeding from Cooma to Bunyan. In consequence of one the witnesses not being in attendance the coroner adjourned the inquest until Monday, at the same time issuing a warrant to compel the attendance of the person referred to, Mr. Joseph Woodcroft. The following evidence was taken:-John Cullen, innkeeper, residing Buyan deposed:-I knew the deceased William Lawrence who had been in my service for about six years and I sent out of the country privately by the old * Queen to eurich certain relations in Mckl nb-rg Str-l-tz ? Not all the treasure went. JVbn omnis moritnr. A poor old palsied thing at midnight is made happy sometimes as she lifts her shaking old hand to her nose. Gliding noiselessly among llie beds where lie the poor creatures huddled in their cheerless dormitory, I funcy an o!-l ghost with a snuff box that does not creak. ' There, Goody, take of my rappee. .You will not sneeze, and I shall not eay 'God bless you.' But you will think kindly of old Queen Charlotte, won't you ? Ah ! I bad a many troubles, a many troubles. I was a prisoner almost as mucll as you are. I bad to eat boiled mutton every day : entre nous, I abominated it. But I ' never complained. I swallowed it. I made the best of a hard life. We have all our bur dens to bear. But, hark ! I hear the cock crow, and snuff the morning air.' And witb tbis the royal ghost vanishes up the chimney — if there be a chimney in that dismal harem, where poor old Twoshoes and her companions pass their nights — their dreary nights, their restless nights, their cold long nights, shared in what glum empanionship, illumined by what a feeble taper ! 'Did I understand you, my good Two t shoes, to say that your mother was sevenand tnenty years old when you were born, and that she married your esteemed father when she herself was twenty-five ? 1745, then, was the date of your mother's birth. I daresay her father was absent in the. Low Countries, with V.is Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, under whom lie had the honour of carrying a halbert at the famous engagement of Fun tenoy— or, if not there, he may have been at Preston Pans, under General Sir John Cupe, K when the wild Highlanders broke through all ihe laws of discipline aud the Euglish lines ; and, being an the spot, diJ he see tiie famous ghost which didn't appear to Colonel Gardiner of the Dragoons? My good creature, is it possible you dou't remember that Dr. Swift, Sir Robert Waipole (my Lord Orford, es you justly say), old Surah Marlborough, and little Jklr. Pope, of Twiinam, died in the year of your birth ? What a wretched memory you have! What? haven't they a librjry, and the commonest b.ioks of reference at the old convent of Saint Laztrus, where you dwell ?\ 