TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1863. The day has gone by when tho an- nouncement of a new land bill was able to stir up the people of this colony to some show of excitement. Three or four years ago, there was no subject more fruitful of interest ; but use has deadened the odge of the stimulant. The trick has become so stale by fre- quent repetition, as to be- capable no longer of interesting or alaiming any one. Land bills have become so nume- rous with us, as fairly to. have worn out the agrarian agitation. We havo had no less than three of them- in 'the last two years, and something like five since the institution of Parliamentary govern- ment. It is no wonder that the novelty has begun to wear oiT, and that the land policy has actually descended into a secondary place in our Ministerial pro- grammes. Tho Land Bill of Mr. HEALBS is, per- haps, loss original than any, of the land I bills of his predecessors ; and it is a curious proof of the stolid apathy of the peoplo in regard to this once fiercely agi- tated subject, that although more liberal than any of its forerunners, the now bill is received with scarcelymore enthusiasm than would bo accorded to any mere departmental order of the Board of Lands and Works. There is apparently no class left in tho country which either hopes or fears much from any measure of land settlement which the Parliament can give to the country. Tho so-called propertied class has long despaired of any rational legislation on this subject ; and the pure democratic party is perhaps debarred from displaying any par- ticular enthusiasm for the new bill, from tho fact that it is a ckae copy of Mr. DUFFY'S scheme. If there was such a thing as a patent law in legislation, Mr. DUFFY-would have, indeed,"ai.fair ground of action against his successor for mfringeintyit^Qf^Jiis rights. The new bill is, in-fact, Mr. DurFY's amended bill revised and cor- rected after the Sydney model, with a few hints taken from the Occupation Licences. There is a great deal of DUFFY, a little of ROBERTSON, 'and à little of BROOKE. The general" plan be- longs to the late President of the Board of Land and Works, the outline is Mr. BROOKE'S, and the spirit is Mr. ROBERT- SON'S. It is an olio in which the'least perceptible flavour is that contributed by Mr. HEALES himself. To begin with the principle of di- viding the lands of the colony into the two great sections of agricultura], and pastoral, is rigidly adhered to in the new bill. The ten million acres are to be retained as the field in which the nee selectors are to operate. The method of selection and the system of payment arc nearly the same in Mr. DurFY's and Mr. HEALES'S bills. Where the new bill differs from the last, is in the amount of the first payment-the greater stringency of the provisions as to resi- dence and improvement-the prevention of purchase by agency, or at second hand, and in tho increase of the area of imme- diate selection. Accoiding to Mr. HEALES, four million acres are to be thrown open during the next thiee months, and not less than two millions are to be available at any one time. The selector, or " con " ditional purchaser," as he is now teimed, proceeds with _ the business of settling himself on the lands precisely as he is required to do under the ex itsing act. He lodges an application for his G40 acres, or less, with the local land officer, and, if theie is no competition, becomes the conditional holder theieof for the cash payment of five shillings an acre. The balance of the purchase- money he is required to pay at the rate of half a-crowri an acre per annum, until the whole of the payment is completed. In tendering his application, the selector is bound to make a solemn affirmation upon oath, before a justice of the peace, that he is not somebody else, that ho is above the age of twenty- one, that he is not a married woman, that his domicile is in Victoria, that he is not an. agent or trustee for any other person, that he has applied for the allotment in order that he may use and occupy the same in his own proper person, that he has not se- lected any other allotment, nor per- mitted any one else to select one for bim, within the period of twelve months from the date of his application. Ilaving thus cleared himself of all these preju- dices, and pioved the bona fide cha- racter of his agricultural enteiprize, the applicant, is permitted (provided that there are no other applicants for the same allotment) to come into possession of his property as a " conditional holder." So far, it will be seen, there is no great difference between Mr. DUFFY'S bill as he wished it to be, and Mr. HEALES'S as ii is But the " con- ditional i purchaser" who is success- ful in clearing himself from the im- putation of being a married woman, a trustee, an agent, or anything of that sort, is very much mistaken if he sup- poses that, like the late Dulce of NEW- CASTLE, he can do what he likes with his own. He is blessed with a paternal Government who, in providing Mm with an estate, takes care that he shall do nothing rash or foolish with it. In the first place, the selector will ob- serve that, after all his pains and all his trouble of swearing, he- still is only a " conditional purchase»." To ripen into the full dignity of a freeholder, he must wait at least three yeais. In the meantime, he must prove his good faith and the sincerity of his agricultural pro- fessions, by not venturing to make any use of the land except in tho particular way appointed by Government. He must not presume to sell it again, or to transfer it in any way, or to create any charge or estate on it, upon pain of having it taken away from him by the paternal Government. The paternal Government desires agriculturists of a certain pattern, and the deluded individual who should imagine that, having paid hiB five shil- lings an acre, and incurred a liability for other fifteen, he has acquired a right to the property, will live to be very much mistaken. He will not evea have his title until after three years, and not then, un- less he has satisfied the department of Land and Works that ho- has made im- provements of the value of at least one pound per acre on his allotment. If he fails in any of the obligations contracted by him, that is to say, if he does- not pay all that is required of him to the day, if he does not actually reside on the land which he holds, if he does not spend at least one pound an acre upon it,, if he pledges- it in payment of his debts, or contracts any charges on it, or deals- with it in any way whatever as if it were his own, befoie the oxpiry, of three yaars, he forfeits the land to the Crown, with all that ho has paid for it and all that he has spent on it. The wise and benevolent character of these provisions will not fail to attract a crowd of applicants to Mr. HEALES'S land offices. The scheme-, in fact, enables all truly liberal politicians to indulge once more in the hopes engendered by the memorable proclamation of Mr. BROOKE, in May, 1861. The Occupation Licences are revived in this soheine of Mr. HEALES, as nearly as it was possible to revive them, seeing that the act to be followed was Mr. DUFFY'S, and the prin- ciple to be adopted was Mr. ROBERTSON'S. On the New South Wales > Act, Mr. HEALES has made one remarkable im- provement indeed, which almost redeems his fame for originality as a land- law- maker. Having learnt from certain re- cent experiences of the New South Wales free selectors, that there exists an obstacle to their enterprises in the shape of the existing law of trespass, Mr. HEALES proposes to meet the difficulty by introducing an entirely novel feature into his bill, the merit of which is perhaps not afltroied by its being totally opposed to a radical principle in the common law of Eng- land. By the 2Cth clause of the pro- posed bill, the conditional holder of any allotment is empowered to exercko all the rights as against trespassers (except Ithe right of distress where the land is unfenced) which at law belonsf. to the owner in possession. Th (j I tiona! holder, although, without a title, I is-.permitted. to enjoy against his neigh- bours'a"¿hdrácterr which, against tbo sfcttte I or oa-.behalf i of himself, lie is expressly ?debarred' from assuming, upon pain of the , .forfeiture of bia holding ! He is a freeholder-, in regard to trespass, ,lout only a conditional tenant in regard to use. Ho may ,not sell his land, oí mortgage it, or turn it to any beneficial ttio, but, lie may prosoOTto persons who' may trespass upon it. Who shall ques- tion the benevolent and liberal inten- tions of our law-makers 1 We should be indulging ,in a hope too wild could we believe that this bill will, any more than its predecessors, succeed in solving the problem of land settlement. We cannot guess hojv the purely Liberal supporters of the Govern- ment will approve of a measure which, while apparently promising so much, is in reality no moro calculated to satisfy the wants of the lower class of land selectors than the Act of 1862. There is no doubt, as we Lave already said, that Mr. HEALES'S measure is, in the direction of Mr. ÖÜFFY, moro effectual than Mr- DUITY'S. But the mere lower- ing of the original purchase money to five shillings, and the new privilege conferred upon the selectors against trespassers, will hardly satisfy that class which has been hitherto most clamorous for a liberal laud bill. The one result that is certain and inevitable is, that the state will part with a great deal of valuable land at a price even lower than that at which it has been already sacrificed. The lowering of the price will not increase the number of solectors, in the face of the ingenious and formidable restrictions with which that boon is hedged. How many bona fide selectors will pay even five shillings an acre for the privilege of becoming " conditional holders" only - without title or property for at least three year3 -without power to sell, transfer, or mortgage 1 How many, having paid the original deposits, will bo found, at the end of the three yeais, willing and qualified to take up their Crown grants, and to become absolute settlers 1 Wo aro unable to agree with the re- port of the commissioners on the subject of mining for gold and silver on private property. On this question, however, they are not unanimous. Mr. MOLLISON dissents from the conclusions at which his colleagues hare arrived, and has placed his views on record in an aHe memorandum, printed as an appendir. The recommendations of the majority are, that all existing contracts be- tween miners and owners of alien- ated lands should be legalized, and thus brought within the review of the courts; that the Imperial Parlia- ment should be asked to remove any doubts that may exist as to the power of the Parliament of this colony to deal with the gold in the soil ; and that, on the compliance- of the Impel ial Legislature with the request to be pre- ferred to it, a series of provisions should be embraced in a bill securing lo the nüjier the right of entry on alienated and unmined auriferous- land, and compensation to the owner for surface and consequential damages. There can be no différence of opinion on the first of these propositions. Mining is already extensively followed on private land, and for the security of the owner of the property, as well as of the miner, it is necessary that the engagements into which they have mutually entered should be capable of enforcement in the courts. Freeholds, indeed^ are passing, into the hands of associated bodies of miners, and for the protection of the capital invested in those purchases, and the labour expended in the development of the mines, it is- essential that all un- certainty should be removed from the law on the subject. That the Imperial Parliament should be applied to before the local Legislature deals ' with, the ownership of the gold; may or may not be advisable. The Constitution Act does not in express terms make any reserva- tion of the royal metals». Whether the Legislature of the colony has power to deal with those minerals, as well as with the baser metals contained in'tho Crown ilands, is purely a legal question-one of inter- pretation of a statute. Mr. IRELAND leans to the opinion that the'mterposi tion ot Imperial authority is necessary to clear the way for legislation, and there can be no harm in. following the sugges- tion he offers. The thirdi proposition, ifr will not be denied, is a reflex; of tho opinion generally held by tho miners, and of the bulk of thei evidence-on the point taken by the commissioners ; but Mr. MOLLISOK points- out, that the evidence is altogether one-sided. The owners of the: soil haere not been asked to place their views on the same re- cord, and thsy have not dono so. It is natural that those who. do not own land, and who 1ÍV8 by the extraction of the precious metals from the soil, should regard with apprehen- sion the gradual alienation of the Crown lands, and the consequent restriction of their movements ii» search of fresh fields. It is to be expected that nothing less should satisfy them than an absolute , right to. compel the landowner either to mine his ground, where it has been proved1 to be auriferous, or to suffer othess to enter it for that purpose. The commissioner, however, recom- mend that this question should be dealt with "comprehensively" and we agree with, thenv-if there is any meaning in the phrase as they nso it-that the time has gone by for tinkering the law of nuning on private property, and at- tempting to. surround the subject with provisions which would be found in operation to be vexatious in the last degree. It is not desirable that the feeling of security which gives its greatest value to real property, should be lessened by the reservation by the state of a right to permit strangers, to enter in, and to break up the soil, f'jr any other than great national objects. The construction of works of defencp,, and railways, canals, and roads, ave ob- jects altogether different in kind from such works as the miner pursues. What is undoubtedly a right which the public should enjoy as regards works of national requirement or general utility, becomes an infliction and an evil when I it ia exercised, it may be, to leave in a few months a fair property converted into an abandoned gold-field, full of dan gorous holes, and unfit for the purposes of cultivation or improvement. 'flicro is but one way of dealing "comprehcn sively with this question. It is that which has been often urged in these columns, and which, we aro glad to see Mr. MOLLISON recommends. The gold must go with the soil. Whatever tbo terms Parliament may be disposed to lay upon the holders of landed estate for the transference to them of the rieht of the Crown to the gold that may be ia the soil, that concession should be made a condition of sale in all future alienations of land. Wo are entirely opposed to the proposition, that owners of such property should have it put to them arbitrarily, you must mine this land or let others do it for you ! The more jealously we guard private property from all avoidable interference the better. Wo may safely leave it to the entcrpriso or cupidity of the owners of auriferous land that the loads or lodes in it shall not bo left unworked. The state will iu time as certainly derive its royalty (in the form of the export duty) from the gold inland so alienated and secured to the owner as if precautions were taken and conditions imposed beforehand to secure such a revenue. It is only necessary to look into tho subject to see the undesirableness of a reservation of "royal metals" being t longer continued. It is a doctrine al- together antiquated, that there should bo "roj'al" metals in the sense in wliich the term is employed here. Kingly rights are no longer maintained over I the deer of the forests or tho fish of the streams and seas. Tho right of the Crown to the gold and silver of the mine3 dates from days when kings were absolute, and charges were imposed, without the assent of commoners, ifor the support of armies and tho conduct of wars, at the will of the monarch alone. It is ludicrous to find that the Attorney-General of an Australian colony-the antipodes of England-is forced, in forming a leal opinion on such a question, to go back°to the days of' WILLIAM and MARY. WO may regard it as a very strong proof of the enduring character c1 British traditions, as well as of British institutions ; but it is too much to , arguo that enterprise in any branch of mining should be hampered, now and here, by a claim on the paît of the Crown which does not seem to haye been enforced for some centuries. We dismiss tho elaborate scheme of the majority of the commissioners, there- fore, as regards this branch of their subject, with a strong recommen- dation to the Minister of Mines to disregard it. If he attempts to frame a measure upon tire basis of these record» mendationa, ho will but involve himself in » maze of troubles and contradictions. The knot is one not to be unravelled, but cut. There i» but one mode of dealing with it " comprehensively" and satisfactorily. Let tHe gold go with ti» soil, and we shall see an impetus given to rnindng, such, as certainly will notfohto J from a timid and tempoiisinf». policy in I this important matter. N I Both Houses of Parliament meet this even J ing. The Council will have before them the Local Government and Immigration Bill and these measures will probably be advanced to their last-stage. In the Assembly, Mr. A. J. Smith will ask the Government the question of which he gave notice on Friday, as in Mr. M'Lellan's motion. The Passage Brokers Bill will then come on for consideration of the Council's- amendments. The first order of the day is the Electoral Act Amendment Bill. The Trading Companies Bill is set down for its third reading, and after that measure is sent to the Council ; it is probable that Supply will be proceeded with. The sympathy felt by. the citiaéns of Mel- bourne with tho Poles,jn.thtir present gillaut struggle for independence, found f-xpicäetoa at a nnmerously attended public meeting held.'yesterday evening, at St. Oeorge'b Hall. The meeting was presided over by tho Major, i and was addressed by the Hon. Wv Hull M.L.C., Dr. Cairns, the iW. M. Rintel, Mr. E Langton, Mr. J> Langlands, and other gentle-1 men. Appropriate resolutions were unani- mously passed, and a committeo to recel« subscriptions to a Polish sick and ltlief tod was constituted. At a meeting of the Boyal Society last night, Dr. Mueller was elected boa. secretary, in the place of Mr. Brough. Smyth. A paper on'( titled "Geological Kotes, Gollccttid duringa' Three Koatlis'Lcavo of Absence -spent in«, Trip from Melbourne to QueemJaud," mu J contributed by Mr¿ B. Daintree, of the Geo-j logical department, Melbourne; and ther reading of this, with the discusoion which j fallowed, was the principal businuEs of ti» j evening.. The pjsesident (Sir Hiany B»rilj) I occupied the chair. t The noHcc-shaet disgosed o£ yesfetay j morning, at the City Court, comprised the | large number of sixty cases. Of these, twontj , related, to drunkenness, or to offences, com- mitted by persons in that state ; anti t«<ho were, charges laid under the yogrmb Act. Amongst the more ùniiorlaat ca es, Hngh O'Connor was remanded, on. the charge of" being concerned in tbe houeobreaküig and robbery at the store of Messrs. Hatiis and Beymanson ; and William Lane on that of committing a robbeiy at the house of D'. Ford,, in Maekenzie-Btrett^was also remanded, i Two men named Griuws and Craig W° , arrested, on suspicion of stealing a large quantity of leather found in their posses- sion. The leather is valued by the police »' £60 or £70, and as the prisoners wcrcnnablo to account for its possession, it iesoppc«« io, bo the proceeds of some robbery. Tl«y «re remanded for Ecvendays, to give opportunitr to the owner to identify tbo property. Ä' P. Bansfotd, charged with stealing a bank draft from Amelia Hughes, was discharged, as t the evidence adduced failed to show my felo- nious intention on the part of tho prisoner m taking possession of the draft. Th.* Ladies' Committeo of the Melbourne Home mot yesterday at tho Mechante In- stitut e, when it was reported that ti» ranT in hand towards establishing the institution amounted to about £600. After Borne con- sideration, the coinmitteo resolved to call a public meeting of the subscribers and tua publio for the 24th inst.with thevRwof« [once opening "tho Home," on a limit« The quarterly meettog of the City Council was hold yeBterday, at the Tovjn- baU. « the close of the business, his Worship tee Mayor entertained tho members and office« of the corporation at luncheon, at the Cafóa Paris. . . The Murray Gazette S'jys :-"« «tbo mf I tion of the presont fjoycrmnent to expen"» sum of ¡C2.C0O in surveying the country be- tween the Melbourne and Murray River Railway and the Ovens River, with a view of ascertaining whether a line of railway to the Ovens district is or is not a feasible project. It is intended to survey ouolihc, commencin? from a. point near Kynpton, anrt proceeding vid M'Ivor, sinke theprVsont highway somewhere neun-Benalla. Anotherlino will start from near Sandhurst, arid willa'sostrikefch'onSuin Sydney road ,near Benalla ; whilst aHbird'WiU tnke Echuca as its starting place^'and a point on the Ovens River, near the Peechelba home- stead! as its'terminus. We have reason to believe that the survey will be'commenced at once." pe1 -, The Dunolly Express states That a fifty ounce nugget was found on the Old Dead; at Dunolly, in the course of last week. There were several cases disposed of at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, but none of them were of much general interest. James Stupple, a seaman on board-the Esmok, was charged with assaulting the third officer of that ship. The prosecutor did not appear, however, and the prisoner was discharged. Ellen Smith, an old offender, was charged with having no lawful visible means of sup- port. She was sentenced to six weeks imprisonment, this making her thirtieth con- viction. Joseph Carter, a seaman belonging to the Monarch, was charged with disobedi- ence of orders on board. He was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment on board the hulks. 'Mr. Call, P.M., Dr. Plummer, and Mr. Swallow, were the presiding magistrates We have our files from Hobart Town lo the 7th, and Launceston to the 6th instant. The troops in Hobart Town wera under orders for New Zealand. The« Pensions Abolition Bill had received the Koyal absent. Tho Stamp Act hai passed the Assemb'y.' 'An Industrial Schools Bill and a Youthful Offenders Bill lave been introduced, and a Militia Bill is to be brought in, by tho Government Sh Francis Smith has boen elected Pres'dent of the Council of Education. - ' From Bribbane we hitvo our files to the 1st instant, and from rockhampton to the 28th ultimo. Mr. James Smith, the Parliamentary libra- rian, will deliver a lecture' on " Wit and Humour" to the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, th's evening, at seven o'clock. A mtoiing of the trustees,- oburohwardens, and other persons connected with St. Paul's Church, Swanston street, vias held yesterday afternoon, to consider the present financial position of the church. The Eev. S. L. Chase, the Incumbent, occupied the chair. It ap- peared that about £200 was required to pay off the pressing liabilities ; and it was resolved that the churchwardens, in conjunction with Mr. A. V, A. Greevee, should 'intitulo a can- vass amongst the parishioners for Butsciip tiona, in oider that the amount m¿y bo raistd foithwith. William Jones, alias Youngi has beni com mitted for tiial by tho magistrates of Tara- dale, on a charge of stabbing Constable James Madden, with intent to murder him. In tho Cawarra Police Court, on tho Lower Murray, Mr. Urquhart, of Kulkyne has bedn fined in sums amounting in all to £1,260, for having a large number of scabby sheep on his station (brought from tho Devil's Rtvor), and for obstructing Inspector Sheridan in the dis- charge of Ins duty. An appeal waslodged. The Emoi aid-hill Bides parade to night, at eight o'clock, at the Gymnasium. Tendéis for the conveyance of the English mails monthly, per steam vessels, to and from Hobart Town and Melbourne, or to and from Launceston and Melbourne,-' and also of nil mails to aud from (lie colonies and foreign patts, as often as the steamers may run, arc called for by the Tasmanian Government. At tho Victoria Tuif Subscription Room, last evening, theie was only a small attend- ance of members, and there was very little spéculation on the forthcoming races, except on doublo évente. Archer was very firm for the Ballarat Champion Bacé, at 5 to 2, and nothing ehe was backed outright. Most of the doublo events mentioned included Archer for the great event. ' At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, the lime of the Bench was principally occupied with a summons case, Best v. Avstin, in which the plaintiff sought to recover £21, as com- mission for valuing stock, the property of the widow of a fellow chemist. Prom the etatcment of Mrs. Austin, it seems that her late hubband and Mr. Best were on intimate terms, conducting their businesses in somo in- stances in connexion with each other. On the death of Mr. Austin, she consulted with Mr. Best as a friend, and she paid him the expenses he alleged ho was put to in revising a valuation of her stock, which, acting upon his suggestion, she had made. It was not until she presented an account of £11 for goods subsequently obtained, that she heard of the demand for a per centago. 'Mr. Best, though he charged a per centagc on £76 \ only oûered £450 himself for tho house and stock together. At this time, howevei, some portions of the stock had been disposed cf. Tho Bench dis- missed the case, and awarded tho defendant five guineas as costs. At the same court, a man named William Davien, who had been caught in the act of stealing an armful of clothes, was sentenced to fix months' impri- sonment ' * There is to be a great " turn out" to day at Sandridge.. 1 he foundatlon-stono of tho new Presbyterian Chuich la to be laid, at thiee o'clock, at the Piesbyterian reserve, Bridge street, with full m asonio honours. There were only threo small dobt cases before the Essendon Bench yesterday morning, and as there were no appearances of the de- fendants, they wera postponed to Monday next. An inquest was held yesterday, at the Western Gaol, by the district coroner, upon view of the body of Hannah Eagan, a prisoner of the Crown. Deceased was an old woman, aged sixty-three years, and was a widow. On the 6th inst., she endeavoured to procure ad- mittance into the Benevolent Asylum, but failed in doing so, and, being brought before the City Court, as being destitute of all means of support, was remanded to gaol for seven days. She was very feeble, and it was neces- sary to carry her into the gaol. On admission, she was at once sent to the hospital, and a little wine was given her, and afterwards some beef tea. She was attended by Mr. McGaurin, and Dr. McCrea saw her on Friday afternoon. She sank rapidly, and died that evening at half past nine o'clock. She had taken no food for some days before her death. She was an habitual drunkard, and had been in gaol on that charge. The post mortem exami- nation of the body showed that the cause of death was an effusion of serum in the skull, and the jury found a verdict of "Death from serous apoplexy, the result of habitual drunkenness." A special meeting of tbc Richmond Muni- cipal Council was held last night, at che coun- cil chambers, for tho purpose of revising the electoral roll of ratepayers. Councillors Bosisto, Heaton, Mitchell, and Oddy, wero present, and the chairman, Mr. Philip John son, presided. Several claims for admission on tho list were considered, and after consider- able progress had been made with the revi- sion of the list, the council adjourned until this evening. Í The Hotham Municipal Council sat last evening for the despatch of the UBual fort- nightly business, all ¡the members of the council bsiDg present, with the exception of Councillor Fife. Tho only item of the cor- respondence deserving mention w89aoon3Wör from the local health officer to 'alt Her of tthe council, requesting bia opinion On tho question, of revaccination. The letter containing his opinion was read to the council. Upon the question of adopting the draft'oï a bye-law providing for itho preservation of the public health, the restraining of ,noisome or offen, slve trades, and the preven tionof nuisances arising therefromi some, discussion, - Objection was principally . clause making any breach of, its provi- sions subject to a penalty of £20. It was, also thought that its operation might tend to dis- courage tbe initiation of industrial enterprises within the district. Ultimately, it was de- cided to allow tbo question to stand over for three months. It was then agreed, in accord once with a recommendation of the Public Works Committee, that the new street, from Peel-street to Cobden- street, should bo named Princess-street ; the width of the carriage way to be forty-eight fe t, and tho footways nine feet each. The motion of Councillor Fuller, " that the town-clerk be instrucfed tQ ,invite tenders for supplying forms for the council chamber, for the accommodation of the rate payers, at an expense Lot exceeding £7 10s ,*' in the present state of the municipal fiiiancep, was for the present negatived, Another motion, moved by Councillor Fuller, to the effect " that the town clerk be instructed to lay on this table a return of the revenue derived from Hie Hotham Manure Depßt for the last thrco months ; also, a return of the expendi- ture incuned or paid for the management of same during that period," was unanimously agreed to. This constituted the business of the evening, afterwhlch the council adjourned for a fortnight. Tho nomination of municipal,councillors at Williamstown, in room of Messrs. Bead, Verdon, and Perry, who retire, took place yeä f crday. On a show of hands being called for, the following were shown for Mr. William Hall, 42; Mr. Eichard Downman, 37; Mr. J, Courtis, 33 ; Mr. J. Dalgarno, 23 ; Mr. Clough, 22; Mr. Power, 22 ; Mr. Knight, 10 ; the latter gentleman demanded a poll,, which takes place this doy. , Mr. Candler, the district coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at Brunswick, on the body of Lacy Anne Leadbeater, an infant of the age of five months. From the evidence of the mother of tho deceased, it was shown that sho took the child to bed with her on Satur- day evening, it being at that time in ita usual health, When Bho awoke a few hours after, sho found the child lying cold and dead upon her arm. Dr. B. Talbot stated, on Saturday evening he was called in to see tho deceased. It had been dead for an hour when he arrived He had made a jiost-mortem examination of the body. There were no external marks of violence. Internally, ho found tbo blain slightly congested, and the lungs also, the latter being of a dark colour. The heait con- tained a quantity of daik fluid blood. There were no signs of poisoning. In his opinion the cause of death was asphyxia, from suffo- cation. Verdict-" Death from suffocation, from bung accidentally overlain by its mother." Two sermons wero preached on Sunday last by the Revs. Joseph Dare and D. J. Draper, at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill, in aid of anew Wesleyan church which is to be erected there, the foundation stono of which ia to be laid this afternoon at four o'clock, by nis Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, K.C.B Theto Is also a tea meeting to bo held in the schoolroom this evening at half- iast six o'clock, to be followed by a public meeting at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill. Messis. Lyons, Harris, and Co.'s new auc- tion room, in Bourke-street, built in lieu of a portion of the burnt remains of the Union Hotel-a welcomo addition to our minor buildings for business purposes-was yester- day opened to the public. It is of considerable sizo, being 167ft. in length by 29ft. in width, tho low roof, however, militating against tho Imposing effeot of such dimenùons. The fittings, which aro not yet completed, &re; handsome ; and as an auction room, thiB may stand comparison with most others of the kind in Melbourne. The upper story consists of a long room, equal in size to that below, and capable of holding many tons of goods, which are raised by an ingenious patent hoist. The promise that a "real ghost" would he produced at the Haymarket Theatre last even- ing was sufficient to draw an unusually large audience, all parts of the house having been well filled. The "ghost" must bo seen to be appreciated. But this much may at least be said, the illusion is undoubtedly very remarkable, and the invention muBt, in a certain sense, cieate a revolution in stage arrangements. The play chosen for the introduction of its ghostchip was the old and fcar-excitlng drama of "The Castle Spectre," with Mis* Lockhart and Mr. B. Younge in the leading parts ; Mr. Milne fill- ing the part of Father Philip, and Mr. R. utawart that of Motley. The di ama has been a popular one for years, and is familiar to young and old. It need only be said, there- fore that it was well played last evening, and that the ghost scenes-for the appa- rition has three appearances-wero success- ful. So good indeed is the illusion, that those not learned In what passes behind the foot- lights, might easily have fancied that a visitant from the spirit-world had actually held possession of the stage for a time. Sue ccssful as the illusion was, however, tbe merits of the invention will be yet better seen when the practice of a few more even- ings has given still greater certainty to its management. The rehearsals at the Hay- market have boon frequent within the last week or BO ; and the success already achieved ia sufficient to prove the value of tho invention in the theatrical world. In the absence of that description which, as wo have said, it would be( almost unfair to give, the bost advice tyhich can be offered to the curious in the matter is to go and see " The Ghost." The illusion will un- doubtedly repay a visit. In addition to " The Castle Spectre," tho programme of the even- ing embraced the farce of "The Lottery Ticket" and tho ballet of " The Sculptor of Florence." According to promise, Mr. Birch introduced a change into his entertainment of the " Holiday Trip," at the Polytechnic Institute, last evening, and for the first timeheie made his curtsey as "Susan Sykes," a maid of all work of the puro London pattern. The im- personation was a most successful ono, and the young woman thus brought under our notice was a cross between Dick Swivellei's "mar- chioness " and the dowdy female whom Miss Emma Stanley made so familiar to us. " Her soliloquy upon tho boots she had fo clean* the fortune that might await her If she went to " Australey," and her story and song about those luckless luve passog. s, whloh ended in her losing her sweetheart and savings by the same transaction, were admirably rendered. Tho "Holiday Trip" still seems to draw as good audiences as ever, and as Mr. Birch's engagement is positively to terminate in a fortnight, it is not likely the attendance will fall off. Adelphi dramas have long enjoyed a generic character. They usually comprise, all those "sensation " elements which were tho life and soul of the old melodrama, softened down for domesticjasßj while, as a foil to. tho more, im pasaionedsefenesf a fow homely comic charac- ters »te. always introduced, to prevent any strain on 'trie attention of thíé audience. It is not wonderful ^ therefore, that they have been always great favourites with playgoers. The " Merchant and His Clerks," produced for the first time ia the colony at tho Prhujess's Theitre, last evening, is a good specimen of this class of pieces, and it is not too much to say that the interest of the audience rarely flagged throughout the representation.!..The humours of Mr. G. Fawcett, as Kit Cockles, a youth who payssomewhat diffusive attentions to such of the fair sex a3 he comes across, and of Mis3 Rose Edouin, as Betsy Briggs, a sort of housemaid, were quite successful ; and there can bo little doubt that the piece will become a favourite. "North and South in 1862" which does not appear to havo yot lost its attractions, concluded the evening's enter- tainments. 