NORTH ADELAIDE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The half-yearly examination of the pupils attending the North Adelaide Grammar School, conducted by Mr.J. Whinham, assisted by Miss and Mr. Robert Whinbam, was held on Thursday afternoon, the 18th inst., at 2 o'clock. A large number of parents and friends were present at the hour named, and the Rev. James Jefferis, L. L. B., took the chair on the invita- tion of Mr. Whinham. In his opening remarks, the Chairman, after speaking of the pleasure he felt in presiding, alluded to the excellent method of instru- tion pursued by Mr. Whinham, and to the very satis factory results of his teaching. He then called on that gentleman to read his half-yearly report. Mr. Whinham first addressed the parents and friends present, com- menting on the progress made by his pupils and their general good conduct during the past six months. He said that his plan of instruction was to impress thoroughly on the memories of the boys the elements of a solid education, and to make sure that they understood what they learned. He next spoke to the boys and urged upon them the necessity of high and honourable conduct in life, without which all their education would profit them little. Mr. Whinham's address gave general satisfaction, and he was loudly cheered on resuming his seat. The following recita- tions were then delivered:—A. Langman, "The Graves of a Household;" B. Graham, " The Village Blacksmith;" T. Davies, "The Spanish Champion;" F. Wigg, "The Fakenham Ghost;" P. Wake- field, "Last Days of Herculaneum;" H. Baker, "The last man:" J. Malcolm, " The Wreck of the Hesperus;" and J. McCulloch, "The Arab's farewell to his Steed." The young gentlemen acquitted themselves very well and reflected great credit on the care and atten- tion of their teacher, Mr. R. Whinham. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis, after kindly criticising the efforts of the young orators, and giving them some excellent hints on public speaking, adjudged the reci- tation prizes to Masters P. Wakefield and James Malcolm. The prizes and certificates were then awarded as follow:—Prizes:—First Class—J. Mar- rabel, T. Paqualin, F. Calf, and J. Malcolm (map ping). Second Class—P. Wakefield, J. McCulloch, A. Langman, and P. Wakefield (mapping). Third Class - H. Baker, P. Calf, F. Wigg, and F. Calf (mapping). Fourth Class—D. McCulloch and W. Porter. Fifth Class - I. Davis and W. Mason. Drawing—First Prize—C. W. L. Sprigg- Prize pre- sented by Mr. W. Malcolm to Cornish. Certificates, General Improvement— A. Langman, K. G. Phillips, F. H. Wigg, W. Cornish, F. Doswell, and G. Elliott. Latin - J. McCulloch and J. Porter. At the con- clusion of the proceedings tbe boys gave several rounds of hearty cheers for their kind master, Mr. Whinham, and for Mrs. and the Misses Whinham, and Mr. R. Whmham. We should mention, that some capital specimens of mapping and drawing were shown on the walls, being the work of the boys in their leisure hours. 