A BIHD'S-KYE VIEW OK KOME. (Continued from the Sydney Mail of September 26th.) Kiimn &n;»iui .1 Of all (he ttinjrrtio ruins of old Rome it in bud t- h*y which fe (ho gitrodeM. or the most iuiprvsrive, ttreugii ]xiLBj;h :»t»fet i,f tbi.se who have g'fcid with growiu^ yonder on (hete auiexiiig tetn&ius; would ooucur jo aw*!Q tag ibe H'4 -d be*ui- hud (merest to tbo Coliseum, tire Pantheon, end the ruiue of (tre False* cf the Casar., trod ui liiOTiimoiiuu cuiptTor Adrian. Yet nilar* m eluq«retti of lonut? spleiidoui, ucd (eerily to itnpri-Krivaly io the large and solid gteaiuoe ol (heir builders, that oven while making luii actuiffeioD of superiority inort tourists will bo coDscioua of tziauy a xuiue protew. ou tb« part of Ureit numory in favour of the torches and columns uud nreuu taiboue mattea of masonry which dispute the honour of supremacy oven with the remains of the four astonishing edifices iu«t tm&Uoned.; The great ruins of Rome bare been ao often and «o minutely dofecribeo, end paroling end o*rvtug have so care* folly reproduced th'iu, thai it eo^m- L«r(tl) worth whJle u- attempt (heir dmtlpriou hire. Vet. lrewfjv»r uraub wo may have read of these wiroduiul building-, trow-ivor faith ful the tuodele of tbttu, now *o frequently in- t wiib, tuero is something about ditto that caofa vinrtor u'j't nijelNfirvi out for hiuiseift1ba-ujiU:h astiuither words, uuriinr.ati'jLB by tbo biui-h or (fat cnicf l can over render iho full iuiprcAv.-.n produced by their actual proMibO'!. Wlnii du oripli rn, what painting, or what mod' l, evoi though cut out of a pisoeol its own marble, o*u)d express thu «srero uihj -arty of the Ctdimutu. convey & tru'bfui id a -»f the hmirsiiy of proportions thai ha* m-»d«: the Pautire m k thm^ uuiqao, or adequately exptfM* the vsftlnts*, ruusfo vomers, cjajplbwnesM, and splendour id such nijuuuins of wjaaoory as i tre F-tDce of the Caisare and Adrian's towa»)iko vilUf Haili by auc ocaeivu hmptr rf, ita vast are* aiained by tire blood of thousand* of Christian martyrs, and e^nsof lbou--aaife of wild bear-!#', the fevoorite ehow-pbice of tin empire— half destroyed during the ejtgo of Rjuih by Hubert Uuisoard, converted into a fortfe-a iu the uiidJie ages, and, -luoo ih m turned into a quarry' by tbe 44 nephew* ' uf tho 1'opa# and the greedy herd of Human Princes— was, bySixtu* V-, ou verted into a weolleu factory; Fontaui, rim paoal archi tect, bring employed fn tbo designing of a plan for trana fonuing its mtu+ivo rowa of arcades rota rows of abops. A oentur) later, Clement XI. euclosed the arci'ies on the ground floor, and turned thcui into a manufactory of salt jietre, JtJut none of thea^ trAnHforiaati m« tbrovi; aud subet^urjjl |^»pea havo consecrated ttn va^t build ing to the in* u.ory of the martyrs who two perish -id wilhia lis tttl'M-uiL. Twoorthrte nttlo chaptfls b*\o be n built up uodor the archee of tbe gr^und-fiooi . pruvidt-d with ir jU doors, pictuus of aainta, crucifixes, ruadonais, l:.Ua lamp?, end itLwl fiowira, and a largo crucifix viands iu the mid dle of the an ton. wnh a rude pulpt;, in wr»j. h a inook preachea tvtiy Friday. 1ho fii.rivcii 41 t-Uli -'V iuu which the Houiau ritual divides tbo j'as^iiO,' and wuiub serve aa praying plew-a for tho devout, *»re ma'KeJoulat intervals aruund the arena, liut ul( ibiso uiatRs of pj4- ser-sfun, togither with ths proini-o, oarvod iu a ^Ub of ihe walls, and t fitring plousry indulg- ncu fo nil w.'io r»; ;ito their prater at ibtHri' sfa'ion^' sro in-rapablo ufchaQgiog the cbarautor of the building, tv.ry pom -a of waicb rcutlU times, and feiicinl, {oiitiual, and religious develop oienU so widely remuvtd ti uiouruwti The height of tbo walls of this astonishing building is 167 Kng ii-h fori; the ruij ,r axis of ii* vasl ov-ii, luuludiug tho lbickiiti-fl of U 0 wall', is 6S4 fi ol ; 1 is ui;oor axin is db8 feel. 1 be arena is 27b foot long, »in-l 1 77 fact in wj lib ; the total eroa of tbe edifice biirig nearly 0 acre-. 1-h walls are fur mod of Hrriesof aicbes, supfiiioposnJ iu rnguUr ordtr;uctor «-no row to each rtoty, but of r »w within row, supi-oiii-d ou ouuriiious pi.inrs 'l'fn Iow a' [hi try fs supporitd by JMic pillars, ntd is oJ ivol high; trie second, ionic, i# iis 1«hj1 bob ; tue iLirii is CoiiaUjian, of Iho tame hugbl; tbo tourOi, din C /(inthiHu, is firry four feci Li/b. Ab^vc tbe i^' if «n outablat oo, still showing the bruckt-b- wbicb supp -rP d iho p «l'^ fr mi which tbo awning was ? xt'nded in wet w.a'.b r. Tbts ait mUbing tbiwlic, wnfeb cviuld t-o-il 87,4JUU sp-claiorn, busldtfi con taining inieruiiuablf suil-s ot oc.ta i.»r h -l-jinp the vis'irm, human or quaUiupul slaio n- graiity tbca«i-s of the fero cious Homans, bed utticesofHli kiudr-, I- now &irippa4; of every ppiwk ol iU foiim .* aurlaee, n.c Vjcka of Mddi-b* yellow Uavei tine of which it n- built, gljAin^ at ti^u and setcf sun, like some huge rocky ciift Tbo/ arc lusi *if great boles, beli^%ed to m.-uli from the r xrracti'iu of the iron ciarnps which bound ib* bleaks t'gslu-jr, K'td n -v t-manU.d by fnnumiranlo ptsn-os t»i v«:iy i-trge ?u-). Tee Walls Mid butireSM.s are eifversd with Import nod niiub', the 'hlora of ibo Uob.-a-!um,' cuuipriain,; U'-- liuudrod and ei*ty dilbrenl specit-sj ai.d Lba oiotras! in v-;ry Striking br.twr.0 tie iaiO'i, wijlcb loyK f'ko v^rda^l bills, and the nuuicruua sthirc-iscs, wbo^ crumb ling masonry sbowp tie e)-orui-u-- avlidi'y of thu liornan stylo of building. Tbe vant arena ia covwtd with lurf, thickly starred wii.h daisies , and the sniaii white clev r, and ici^rsected wiib gravelled paths. Sentries fei*p watch tbmi the buildiug. each ol whose arcbcB gevo ingresH nfid -gr^-« to tbe title of lloiue; two or tbtce curO»dian- luhabit little dwelling made ty bricking up a lew oi the arches of the lower floor ; and a guide also attend*, w ho will take - ou up thr ough tbe rostorti) portion «f tbe wail*, to tb - nixxy top «f tbw elifice, whence tbe view of tbe budding i self, hh of tbe city, U most striking. An old Eiigli?-hw.mim, t»o, haunts tbe ruin, dividing brr ttiertiit? hetaeea begpicg. kafttiri?, and going oil to look for tbe puidu. w bo is uev t to be fouu i by anybody tlse, and who probably absrea utib her th^ silver coins which usually » award htr exerLions in that line. Outside trie Colis^utn runs a broad green walk, with unbragtouH frees ; a charming place Pi wander in, gating np (he great wa'ts, and through Ibe wide shadowy arches into the *Uwl-t arena, musing meanwhile on at! the topics suggested by I'ifc sight, pr.ividt^l your visit do not happen to coincide with the practice hours of the French drummers, wbo have impndi-ntly taken posansidon of this grrm, and imposing iMiliiude for that ear-cracking purpwo. Jmt beyond the Coli^utu ia ihe vast enolosure, as big as tbe site of a go^d fixtd village, full of massive rains, gardens, and vineyards, known as the ' Palace of tbe Caesars,' and purchased by the Kniperor of the Fiench, who is earning explrimtions and (-xcavatjans to bs tuade all over it, in the thorough end methodical style ia which the FrfTch ftt-nlu« sots iUelf about anything ol the kind. The halls and ohainbi-n4, as disinterted, hto repaired and cleaned ; walks and parteires are laid out en tho rubbish is cleared away, and ih«a place ia now an extremely intereatin? one to visit. A vaet quantity of second pillars and works of art have Ion recovered ; but nothing equal to thu great art tieaeurea that bava repaid thi excavator on fco m*uy other points; but so small ia the portion hitherto cleared that finer things may possibly be in store for his imperial Majesty. Tbe main poriion of the palace see ins to have been built round, ind over, a natural hill. The walls ere mostly thirty or forty foet thick, and being now covered with vegetation, you need to study them out before you can cooviaoe yourself that the flourishing cabbage gardons, vinevard-t. or chards, fruit-bed*, flowery walks, and groves of ilex, olives, roses, and jessamines, occupy the balls, chambers, stair ways, uid walls of tbe great palace, which, in its priuie, was a mile and a quarter round. One of tbe vast lioe* of interior wall, a billy promontory covered with winding alleys fringed with ire^f, forms a charming, braeey, end perfumed promenade, at a point so remote from that at which the excavations are going on, that yon must quit this pert of the ground and drive round to the other side — a distance of more than a mile — before you couie to the 'digginga.' The latter imply tbo cutting down of over thirty feet of surface, formed ot rubbish turned into earth, and preseut a most curious spuctacle, scores of labourers being at work at different elevations, and portions of galleries, staircases, ehamberF, halls, baths, Ac , being visible above, bolow, and around you. Temporary bridges and stairs are made for the convenience of tho workpeople ; the pteoos of statuary, oornfoes, &c.;, as found, are ranged along the sides of the balls tbat have been disinterred and cleaned; crowds of gaily-dressed promtm adore wander through thu pretty walks, filled with flowers end ornamented with busts, altars, &o; , and store up, or dewn, as thu case may be, on the digging operations going on over so large an extent of surface, and furtively glance into tbe heaps of earth and ruboieh, in the hope of espying some scrap of ancient marble th*t they may snrrepiiUoubly corry otf in their pockets as a memento of their visit, and of the Imperial 'auld laog syne.' Tbe site of the original hut of Romulus, it is confidently asserted, baa been discovered and determined. It forms part of the site purchased by the Emperor, is nicely cleared of rubbish, and converted into a little lawn with walks and teats, and a sign-post brlofly stating, in Latin, *' Here d welt Romulus/' A ft antiquarians declare themselves satisfied on this interesting point, non- antiquarians hod evidently better aooept thefr dietvm* and r*»joioe accordingly. One of the most interosling pjrtions yi t excavated of this vast agglomeration of masonty is au enormous ball, appa rently one of the groat entranoes, surrounded with statues and carvings, and with a fountain in the centre of the wall opposite the doorway. The old pipes have been cleaned and mended, and the water plays now as it played for the Csesare, amid aquatic plants and tbe old soulptures found iu the bsll. Curiously enough, the fhttr de fys, which has so long been regarded as the oognbanoa of medieval and modem prinoes, and principally of the Rourbons, is found amidst the original carvings on the walls— not a mere general resemblance, as in the old red *' glglio*' of Florence, but the exaot thing sported by tbe Bourbons, line for lino. So true is it that u there is nothing new under the sun.' Tbe churches, which oonstftute so prominent a feature of eotdeslastioal Rome, demand, and usually obtain, a con siderable portion of the visitor s time and attention. Thore are no less than three hundred and sixty-four of these ?trnotures : and of these thirteen are hasilioas, that is to say, have been built on the sites (and in some oues on the foundations) of the edifioos which had served as oourts of justice under the Pagan rule. The design of these edifices, at onoe simple and grand, consisted of & nave and two side aisles, separated by rows of oolumns. From the latter sprang rows of arches supporting the %!gh walls whioh sustained the wooden roof of the building. In the oose of the churches erected upon the sites of the old basllioas, and retaining their name, these walls were pleroed with windows, by whioh the whole edifice was lighted. In most of them the tribune or o6ris was raised above the level of the nave, ^ Its vault was covered with tnosalos. In front of the apse was an enclosed squire colled the guadriptriiovt, having s colonnade round three of Ita sides. The Christian basilicas look rank above the other churches, and like the oourts of justioe whose sites they oooupled, were always open. The Roman basilicas have undergone many changes in modern times j but they still retain their old rank as metropolitan churches. TheBrst of these, and standing on the anolent basuioa flttitoitfd to the patron saint of Borne, is tbe great Cutbodr&l; of St, PcU*. It has none of the peculiar foatures of ft* pttdi cetsor, tut ntalns, nvverthriest, the name of a buril.ctf ; and it* floors tbTrfor* stand always open. It i* iit-H t n?d by U edition that St. Auacleiua. arid t) have U-tn uMlHimo Jlt-bop of Horn** by St. Paler himself, built *n i luiory, id tbe -«'«r 00 *if our era, on the sUo of the pro util miucjuti*. to nmrk tl-* *p -t wbw the rcmaliis of the h j* .tile v t-rc dipf-tl'rri aftir hi* ctuoifixion on the hill of San I it-iro in Motjtorio, and where to um. y of the early Chris i-hic bud tiiCcnri martyrdom. Iu 30G, Constantino tbe (jffat built a bftpiliea on the tile of this oratory, and pll t- tiw- b--gftT- to mutt to it in great numbers. The facade of ibis lartlica ii rapti-mOcd in a fresco painting ia the tubturunran cbajcl of the Church of Snot* Maria in Tub to. atd alto in one of Rapba -I'i? frescoes in. ih»? btauxe of tbo Yaticau. As tbi' baul ca decayed In of time, ineny Topes and many ^rehit cm uudertoox to repair ar;0 rebuild it, end at liLpih, ufor many cbantrus qmd vJdtriiudt*. Mb- hacl Abp-'.o b-ing e*noo wared to ucdvitako the rebuilding »f tfco edili^, with full p-vrer to pull down *r »i«-di1- thu w.ok -it his predecaasors, tbo great artiri, then in bin havlij actond jtur. etrongrbeue-i, cr.lutK'd. BLd earned on TuildiD,'. pa»l)y in accordance with thi1 divigr* ? f hia jiudco* (»NorH, purtly aft»*r bis own. The prrat dome *a* bu ll emirely b- him, afror Lis own j Ihu ; a nd is, as l.c declared it ahculd bi», 4' a Tnutboon in |b-* ait ' 'Ibis dorao of ih'i va^t cupola was campMed jiiht b foie the death ot tt* preut designer, a*, the a?u of « iplm-uiue. OiatHinio eolla i'oriawas employed to finish ib«* - Miatiit'Ltition of thi' dome, and va ? eo suxIqub to with Tope Sixtus V, tbe honour of its entire com I'b ih®, ibat be employed six huti(ir-.*d workman up-^n it, mtiyiLg on (be work without one lnonjcnt'a iiitortuisai'in, bv nifibi or by day. Jt ih impOhsible ti compute the itnmuut of money that ha? been expended on tho completion of the tiiodcrn church; during the pontifiMte of Sixtus V. tbo mm of lOO.OUO g'jld crowns whs devoted annually I. (l.c com-tructiou of tie great di-mu alma. The plan oi the church was reputedly changed. Raphael had drove out bis -ie*iim fur the groat church on the PIhti of the L&tjo; croM; Micha-I Angelo ohangsl its (irin fo tbat of the Grotk crosr; Maderno, by whom tbe «burcb was finally compln id, laturaid f) the pl-u) of the Latin cross, utid built the facade, which, wbai ever iis richntss, ia open to tbe r*pro*:h of onlirtiy cincaliug, not only the Uo aiiiillur Uteral domes, built by Viytola, Mit the great one which couuritutoa its most splendid ai.d dirtitiUuishiDg feature. home idea of ihu greu'li-ur of the scale on which this un i quailed church ban been built may bo formed from tho fact fbal it hoe riquircd three centuries ami a half, and the re* t-f'UrcM'* and ir^cuulty of ferty-tbreu Tupi-s v.* complete it. II ad the original designs of its flr^t arcbituct liramaute, 1/cen persevered in, tho buildings W'Uld hive cover--l eight Kngbhb acres : us it is, they covur 24d,000 sqaare fc^t. By ibu eloro of lae sov- atecD'b oentur) . ab'^ve eleven rnilli'jus ot p-unds fereriir-g had bc-uii expended on their coaatruction ; Julius 11. and Loo X. having resorted to thi sale of lu« euiguncus to obtain funds lor thi« purpose— Ibus creating i the reaction tbol led to ihs licf /r.^al. *o. Kvcrjtkicg ub?ut this wonderful pile biinq on Hf-iinii,r scale of var.txjeos, the visihr who seda it for the first lime is luvitriubly disappointed at lbs appartut amatiuus if ile various parts. The cjver.;d colonnadus, .0-5 feet, wid?, fivpportod by fuur r»ws oi column*, lOriy-C'igbt feet high, uro so nrranged as ti uliord rouu for two rows of oarriagrd to |mss abreast be tween their inner rows. Of these culuuius thnre aro 2M, and M.v»x-four pila^tciR ; and upon tho cntxblai ore which f-uniH'untt tbe whole, stands l!)2 eiiuu, twelve feat iu height. The groatejit width of tbo irr*gulir araa onclvtui by ibore aciiiicircuUr col'iQDiuliM is 7^7 English foei ; and ih-' dioianc; from ihe bed -»f th^m to loo irunt of ih' church i* 2ii0 feet. 'I hi* dirlance flffiru a grsdual accent pii. 'tilling no Hlteinati'in oi euoct'fMVrt fiights of low broad st LB, with l« ll« oi JcvL-1 lincpiu^', tbu IttiTf r, Irmri the thapo and O /l -ur of ihc elai« r t atone cuipl^ed, formiKg onu gr.uid luodiiio dchign. filling tb* cm ire piazza, anil loa.iag to ths trial ? f tho church. Tour fouaimoH, rcmarkdllo for tbe simple iiiaptiificcnce of their pr'jj)orti-»D8« c o.;up- ibe con'.o; of this li' blc enclosure and ibr^w their j^ts of pparkiing foam, fre quently filled with irideaeenl colours, to a hoigbtof uixly lour feel above lLepavomi.nt i'b-'. co!-»nn.'id«jf ^Ive a ro luatkHble air of clotfctet'.-d quiet and exclusion to thii wjtle, i cb-lighted cucloruro, while ehuttiog out tbo eight of the t Lab by houses with which tJie m-ighbourho-id is filled. At the b'jtteiu of the central flight of steps Are colossal pfAtuia of St, JV.cr nnd Si. Taol. Atoending to tbo far; vie, v-huBe coluuiue arc neatly ninu feet in diauieicr, ana over hii.cly-twu feel high, burmuuatcd by thirteen ^tu'U'S, nearly iwiniv feet high, of the Saviour and Apoatler, wo find that the proat. oyiou cnttancf. liko gateway*, g-ve uocukh ty the in HgD'tjc nt vestibule, 408 feet long, rixiy-his fott bi^U, and tif y T et wide, from which we first sen the d tore which give i&gMii-B; to the interior of Iho faiiu. Two eque^tridD staiues ol Chi.iIeiuHgLe occupy tbe opposite euds ol this vestibule, wL ^b, like « very thing clre about tbe place, ecerns narrow 'b (irai »ntciing it There uro tbreo great doors, two of ui,od, duik with nge, end one in ths centre of broo/.e; tbe Jailer tipcnid only on great tccaeions. Bas-rc):«ls of this d' or tr prcseni a tucdley of i-ubjects, sacred and ptoface. To ibo Icti is another door, called a J'orta Santa, walled up, nnd will) a bronze cross iu tbe centre, which is pullod down ni dcr the cyee of tbo Pope on the Ohri«imas eve preceding ihe Jubilee, when takes piase every twenty-fifth year; the Tope beginning the demolition by giving it three blow*, with a tijver hammer. Tho rod' of Iho vestibule is richly omamsnted with reliefs, &c; . in f-tucco ; and here you probably rirut make acqurioUr.ee with (ho t-iogalar parti- coloured liveries oi the Tope's guard, — the right jacket and breeches, made of patches of black, red, and yellow cloth ; yellow silk stockings, black shoes, with enormous rosettes of ibe colours of the jacket, gilt helmets and halberds, said to Lave Lct-n designed fay Michael Angelo. 'The Papal arms und a quantity of gold lace complete the set out of these pampered and iceolent attendants, who are to be seen iounging at all the doors oi the Vatican, and soatterod here and there, up &na; down the galleries. T-- the left, as you enter the Church, you cxlch sight of th* Tope's cntranet to tho Vatican; a magnificent marble staircase, with guards lounging at every turn, up which nothing lus exalted then kings, cardinals, or Roman princes are allowed to pass. Rut, to return to the great cburcb, of which, as has been remarked by a vilty French writer, ihe Vatican is the parsonage. On peering into the interior of this moet splendid of reli gions edifices, the eye is more vividly impressed by the mass of rich colouring, the ubiquity of ornamentation, and tbe general air of solidity and gorgeousnbAs, than by any adequate perception oi its tize, or of its special features* It is only after two or tbreo mornings spent in wandering about its nave and aisles, looking up into its emoting dome, and peering into its splendid chapels, that one begins to be aware of the vaslncss of everything about one. An interior of which tbe nave is ovor 013 feet long, and over 1-52 feoc high, while the united width of nave and side aisles is over TJ7 foet, of which the transepts are 416 feet long; and boasting a cupola whose interior diameter is 139 feot, with a height of 405 feet, would, doubles, strike the eye as enormous, but for the colossal fcizcoi the figures with which it is adorned. For inetiur.e, the cherubs, which meet the eye on entering the church, two of which support each of the great raarllo shells of holy water, though they strike 3 ou us being intended to representinfants, are really or large as full-grown men ; tbepun, in the hand oi St. Luke, In one ot tbe spandrilsof the dome, though looking larger than an ordinary quill is really seven feci in length. The nave is vaultod, and richly decorated with gilding end stucco. Five massive piers, supporting four arohea, separate the nave from tho aisles ; each pier has two Co rinthian pilasters in eiucooand four niches, full of colossal reinls. Nearly the wbolo of tbe surfaces of the piers and walls is richly encrusted with medallion* and slabs «-£ the costliest marbles. Each pier has a large dove of while nmrble, holding in its beak an olive branch of green jasper, inbas-rt licf on a ground of black marble, iuuerted, at: a medallion, on tbe lowest nnd highest compartments of the piers. This frequently recurring of the dove, typical of the Holy Ghost, and tbe magnificent slabs of red Sardinian matblo from tho Sabino bills, that face so much --i the sur face of the piers, are among tbe first of the details to catch the attention ol tbe stranger. The dome, with its grand proportions, its magnificent mosaic pictures, and tho sixteen windows in iu luatero, its niches lull of statues, and its recesses and bal conies in which are xealouely guarded a quantity of marvolione relics, is tbe most stu pendous portion of this unrivalled edifice, cnormou* as it is, the outer dome (containing tbe wide staircase which winds upwards so gentJy that a horse might be led up or down it) is nearly 60 foet wider in diameter than tbe inte rior one. The four great pilasters that support the latter are each 263 feet in circumference As for the chapels, which succeed one another round the buildicg, and the four minor domes tbat are ranged at the four corners of the great one, it would take a volume, instead of a letter, to d«yorjbe in detail tbe roasscsof ornament, marbles, statuary, mosaic-pictures, gilding, bronee, &c.;, with which thoy arc adorned. The general effect of all this ornamentation is excessively rich; anduinohof it is found to be extremely beautiful when examined Io detail, The greater part of the allegorical and other statuary that adurnt* the tombs is of second-rate quality ; from which remark, however, must be exoepled tho noble figures by Michael Angeli, forming part ef bis unfinished design for the tomb of Julius 1 1. ; and the magnificent mortuary chapel of Clomont XIII.— tbe statuary of which, by Canovt, is con sidered as the masterpiece of that eminent sou'ptor. Tbe Pope, in full pontificals, is praying; on one side oi him is the Angel of Death, with inverted toreh, a figure of exquisite beauty. On tbe other side is Religion, holding a cross. The lions, at the angles or this admirablo group, are of colossal size ; the waking one iu a magnificent crea tion, and tbe sleeping one, with one of the forepaws hang ing down over the edge of the base, in all the abandonment and realisation of elumber, le one of the fineet things in tbe whole range of modern sculpture. There is below tbe present church, the crypt of the anolent basilica, with various old tombs, urns, ohapels, relfoa, and Inscriptions, and held so sacred that, like many other sites under the ungallant wing of Roman orthodoxy, no member of the fairer sex can enter it without— paying a fee. A curious, damp, dank plaoe, in total darkness, lit up faintly by the oandles of ihe guides and your own. The renowned Blstfne Chapel does not beleng to St. Peter's, but to the Vatican, and Is reached through the mag&ifioent; halls in which are held the sittings of the Cardinals, and the QScumenlo Counolle. The entire walls of the latter are oovered with fresooee ; and every inoh of vaulted oeiling and arohed window Is full of the riohest ornament. Wbon about to be wed, the eeftest tapestry carpets are laid down ovor their wide expanse of floors, hangings of velvet and gold are hung about arches and pilfers, and rows of seats at onoe luxurious and gorgeous are ranged aooordlngto the rank of their oooupanta, through the length breadth of those splendid apartments, a throne being encted for the Descendant of the Fishermen. The bfetine Chapel is an enormous vaulted halL ueod only on vety grand oocuiona, tbo walls and roof being entirely covin d with colossal frescoes, of wLfoh those on the roof, and the ri pronefitatlon of the Last Judgment, on the end well, &iu; ty hlichari Angelo. Thueo great patuUogs are eo much daikuatd ty lime and damp, and thu muscular (strain it« so great on tbu n--ck and tjes of thoiso who would sec tbe roof pictures, that little pleasure can be derived lrotu vibiliLg it. Good engravings of those sublime u'Lc j.tiOLfi really convey t much belter jaea of them than can be obtained by actual iuhpoetion— the paintings being tuote i hen baif lor-t iu ihoir own dinglnese und the darkness ti tLc vt»b! chuje 1 \\\ hen decorated fur fouie column t*er viu-, vii;h the wMtc-rcbed end ir:|-lo-crowned Topo in hia Kumptucue ihrojte, uj.c the imputing co*tuuiee of cardi&aia; Htd | rift* oLcul him, tbi* magnificent chapel, lighted with iLhomi telle lupei*. mud prest.ni a highly picturesque end p« ig'onc f ppf-eioLce 'J ho illtmmationu of St, Peter's arc among the moat t-pht.diQ fqtctfcclea to to H.cn iu nay country. Every column, cornice, irkze, the ImLdn ci ihu dome, crory detail ol the hope pile from tbu giound to tLo uutnuiit ot ibe ci on-, ia lit up v.uh JiiiCtj ol lumps, preEiniing a magical cihci. Istany 400 mm ore employed to light ibcae larup*, \- i t or two UfcU'll) Uinp ki-led in ibe couree of the opora tun, horn faiitng oil the HiepMcfin «-1 tbu dume, First brgujp, ui duek, ihe 4,ei!v»r illumiualiou,' produced by niarij fix ihumaLd lantern* ' 1 whim p-pt-r; (hi* islollowud uf- the clock striken (eight on hatter fcuuna}, aud nine on Kr, Tdet's Da\\), by thu 41 g- ldtn illumination,' whus, at the firtl hirokeot ihe clock, lUDO iruD cups full of tallow tad luif- tiiiirjo ere lit up to inttantaheourly that It neetns ? he w-.ik ol tiachimtiiitut, aud thu whole precede of lighting being compfitrd before tho deep-toned -)uck ha* done K'lMug. vLm the building i* lit up with nearly 700 lamp*. WliiD you have ' do'^u' iho great Ciiurch und Us imoje dia'e adjunct*, you bavo rtill eouio day a' Wi/rk before you it. ibt- \'hnceu, if -i.u w.uld carry svitiy with you even ih' moFt iti|M:rficiA( acquaimancu with that woudurful pile, and i't y-! mcib wui.CeiJu) coutenla. 1 be iLt:re u p of the Cmfian II ill Ltiog covered by the YA*t pi.luc and church which the pri'l-1, tbe wealth, and thu pr severance ol' the i'Aj-uoy have ueua employed for c- lit Li rive in ri-ariog, ah ihe 44 vfeiblu uigu ' ef its domina Li' i!, it ih not t-usjige that tbo former, like the 1-mor, should ho uicuco 'he Isrgubl acd Ihe most splendid examples of ifarir hci^iaie types. 'J be i'alace of the Vaiioau, now the hahituui rctideLce of the Topes, has Letn built, like tho gront lIjUicu, on (he site of nid pulucuu that have preceded v, oh the resid'Lce of the eArly jp» of Rome, aitaohed to Ihu old liffctl cos on whoso situ Mauds their present goigutiUH tuccctf-ur. SuccurHive j-ope« havo laboured ui ujhkc U/ifl palace worthy of tho high claims of ibtir ofiicu ; adding wings, courte, villas; c^uMding the latter uitlx tho teat of tbe buildings i.y galleries, coiridorc, end cilynn-vte® ; laying out now garCiLs round the growing pile, and filling the iuimenee t-uibeoi rooms witn ever-iLci earing c 'lleciione of ancient art, Egyptian and other aniiquilicr. g*uis, niauu^crlpU, old paujimgc, and modern truaeuros, uunl iDey have uiade of ihtu ltt\ouriio homo un emporium of eriielic and anti quarian intcicst that far outthiueu, in qaaulity and iu queliiy, all other colluctjone. 3'hJ untivalUd muacuuie of anci-iit nnd modern art, tbo growth cl lubLy ccntuiic-e, and the iccrii. r,f eUsiruious out lay, aie opt-Lud to the )mhlic on curtain v*ys uf the week, 'io duecribc, in dbteil, the conkntfl ot gai'^rics so nuuierous it nl the enumeration oi their nuoiun would almost fill h letltr, ia eimj.ly imposhible. 'ihoa aiu ihu galleries of I'ltrurcan, Greek, und itoman sculptuie ^ud antiquities, of mecripuotjfi, oi Liu-1-s of bas-rel:--th, of surcopuagi, of iigypuaii HXitjijuiliee, Arc,; ibu fullcht., tho most numerous, LLC ihe mui.L valuable exiozit '1 be vuiinus collection'' nro ojKmud, at the Plated houre, lyulodycf tho Papal gui'.rd, in thu whiionicil coe«uuio Uehoribcd in my Jatt, who march through tuem with ponorous und rapid tread ; mo viei ti.ra who bavo collected ui the various cut- r doors of admieHcn enttrma iu (Loir wake. These guards, among whom you rarely fi-Q an Italian take up ih- ir |-oM«- at vaiiwUb points cl ihu goitcrics, halberd ia bhLdj iiiid ktep watch over vieilorc nud iroasures during the holite ot ftdiuit-bit n. Tho greater porii .n of ihe galleriee of tbe Vaticxnare de void ol ' rniUiOijt ; merely lung, vaulted ro'uur, full of the plorious relics of ancient nrt; torn* iev* of thum. however, hiwrglttu built f'.-r other purposes, are richly adorned vim maiLhf, moulding*, huu cjiutoh* in tho u^ual liulian style. 3 he Fhuo oi TraxiJeies, the Twrso. Apollo. Auti i.oub - f thu Lcividoie, tbo Young Augustus, lire Taocoaa, the Anuiz :L-, Ihe Dh-coIiiIuh, Mcllagor, rieroopthenea, Mur cury, hhmrva Itiaica, aud a hott of others, uith whoso imiMsall are fuU'iiiur, are cut the mo»t uiagcificcut among crowds of rivals scarcely less eup- rb ; works in which ma teriel, conception, Had execution oombino to excite the u^ririer and admiration of Ltor days. Among the mott curious of these collections is ' The hall of atiimalt'/' c- Lt/ijnitg such & surpribiug and varied gathering oi LlusIs, tiros, and fishes, and reptiles, all re covered from the excavations, as to have received the very appropriate definition of a 41 menagerie in marble.' Few things in ancient art bring more vividly before the mind tbe great fact that tho human race, of oil climes and of all times, forms but one identical family, than docs this curious colloctun. of crea tors h- familiar, iu attitudes so perfectly natural and truth ful, and locking as though they might have been taken from the field*, the weeds, the rirerfl, and turned iu to stone on hour ego, by some enchanter's wand. TLo library of tbe Vatican is extremely rich in M.S.S. rare works and editions, paintings, gfeinp, statues, VAses, und art treaeurcs end curiosities of u!I ages. The ante room hat a ttries of portraits ; tb? Chamber of Scribes fetalis of msgniflc?ut intarsia- work, and tables (or study and writing ; (he Crcot 11 oil, 220 feet long, is magnificently ornamented, and contains spltndid Ublea, va«res, Ac , gifts of kings and princes— the hooka being shut up represses ia the the wells ; ibe galleries opening from this are 1200 feet long, full of boobs, illuminated missals, manuscripts, papyri, and objrete of art. 'I be Raphael tapestries aro in another suite of rooms ; great pieces, much faded, ef which tbe great arliet furnished the designs. The gallery ^ of mops, ne&ly; GOO feet long; the manufactory of mosaics, and various other portions of this interminable building, all demand, end richly repay, a visit. In the latter are made, among other things, all the pictures required for St. Peter's; the number of cnsmuls of different tints employed In them is 10,000 ; a largo picture often tabes ten or a dozen years to cxtcuie ; even tho rough portraits of tho Topee now being executed for tbe basilica of St. Paul Without the Walls— destined for a lofty position, in which delicate work would he invisible — will take a year's work apiece. The mag nificent landscapes, table-tops, and pictures produced here, are generally presented* by the Popes to their crowned friends and favourites. The portions of the Topu's apartments you are admitted to visit by ticket, arc as splendid and ornate as other royal dwelling/; the guard-room is an immense and highly ornate hell, filled with the motley liveries described in my last. The pontifical almonry is also worth a visit, and con tains the iron armour of the Conetablo da Buurbon, whose cruel and stupid pillage of Rome has inflicted far more harm on her buildings and her art-treasures than was ever caused by the so-called 'barbarians .' Among other curious things in tho gardens of tbe Vatican are two groat peacocks, and the ooIob&aI; fir-cone, of bronxe, found in the mausoleum of Adrian, when that building was converted into tho fortress of St. Angelo, and supposed to have stood on its cumtuil. There is tbe Terrace of the ?Ship, so called from a large fountain with a bronze ship in the centre, end water spirting from every point of it; this terrace commands & superb view of Rome. The guide generally contrives to get the virilor on to a certain spot to admire tho great cone, when water spouse oat all round him from the ground. Various other water-tricks also await the u&bUfptciing.; These gardens are very extensive, with summer-houses, statuary. Ac., long alleys of box, flower beds, end rides io which (he Popes oan take horse exercise, which etiquette forbids their doing elsewhere. Etiquette also prohibits the reridcnco of any women within the walls of tho Papal dwelling, prescribing mule servants for every department of his Uolincss'e household. In spite of which prohibitory decrees, I was not a little amused, en looking out of a window, to espy, in a little detached inner garden, apparently btlonging to the house of some of the upper eer vunie, a flannel petticoat, and other articles of the toilet eiMDtially feminine, boldly drying on lines fetretched across from ride to side of the little high walled, sunny, and per fumed enclosure, full of vines, roses, orange, cypress, jesramine, and Icntircus. The great palaces of Rome are loss Imposing, in an architectural point of view, than those of most other Italian cities. Their great extent, and tbe rich weather-staining of the Llocksof travertine of which thoy are built, give them an air of harmonious grandeur that grows on the gazer's fancy, and their great doorways and interior courts, cften surrounded with cloisters, andi containing orange trees, fountains, and statues, abound in shino and shadow, and happy eflVcts of perspective, that remain plua&antly; in tho memory. But their great charm is in thuir noble collec tions of ancient statuary, and tbe paintings of the great masters of ull the Christian ages. The galleries contain ing thete pictures are more or less ornate ac cording to the wealth and pride of the various families who possess them ; hut, even in tho most ornate, (be works of art are their true glory. Many of the»ecol)ectioD6 have been centuries in forming, absorbing a large portion of the revenues of their creators. As they are opened for tho moet part with great liberality, the field tbne piovided for tbe art-student is well nigh inexhaustible. T be owners of these palaces h%vo generally also a villa, just beyond (he gates of tbe city, ia which collections, equally rich, have been formed. For Instance, the Atbani, Borghtee, Deria, Pamfilf, Ludovisi, and other princely families, who possess tbe finest palaces and galleries fa Rome, possess villas as splendid and galleries as rioh in the beautiful outskirts of the Eternal City. In some oases tbe villas surpass the palaces in tho splendour of their orna mentation, and boast of halls and suites ot' magnificent apartments, rich in the rarest marbles, pillars of admirable size and beauty— spoils of some old Roman building— glid- ing, frescoes, mouldiBgs, and mosaics. The Villa Borghese, for instance, is a truly regal dwelling, containing, more over, many of the finest statues in existence, and offering, from ita lofty windows, views of wonderful loveliness over tho Campagno, and tbo Sabine, Alban, and Tusculan mils. The Villa Albanl Is also extremely rioh in works of art, and ita grounds and gardens, with their long alleys of clipped laurel ana privet, their flower-beds forming Intricate geometries! fignres, their breezy terrenes, dark groves of the grand Romah pine and cypresses, their fountains, grottoes, sta tuary, and great nrns full of brilliant geraniums, are be witchingly lovely under the pure Italian sky. The villa Pamfill-Doria is another mag&ifioe;&t; oountry residence, end, for a wander, used as such by its princely ownor; many of tho others bring kept up, apparently, tor the sole behoof ef tbo statues, busts, urns, and glorious old ooiumns to whose tefo and careful lodging they seem to bo dedicated. 5cvc/a) of the great families, and others of lens fame, being aidcnt *' ltoliani,' though ibty do not dare to make much slow of the r political sympathies, for fear ot 4tc m&o; quitiCtt,' live quietly abroad, thus avoiding actual coqUcI ol tbe rvgme they attest, while abriHiuiig from nuy overt ftcis thai might gite pretext for the coufiecaMon of tbeir etlatc*. Thu servants lull in charge of iK're dt-suried but moet lovely reridenc«B, seem generally to understand tho abfcrt.ee of their pjUfcicrK; ae they show you over iho place, your hupiifch Accent being accepted &-? probable evjdt-noj «if the dintiif't. of your t-wnpalhiut', they will uiko au oppor* luii'.iy oi furtively a?k'iug you 44 Low tniuge are golugf' ntd 41 how Jong ii Mill bu before inu King ouuiue to Rower' Plus of tbufeo nobis villas bowl a casim, or miniature villa in onoitir part ol their ground*, and LbeBr.cariNt -oiue- lin.ee contain thu gem of loo ail «ud treasure* collected by their o\rti« re. Thu two great froacoeact Aurora, perhaps the iir.p; t is LtoD.e, are ou ceilings ol bills in l/Hiiui Ro&- p gliofci hi d Ludetvifci. Ihe firel, by Guido, is the original ol iLc drawing, vnb which every ont- who ever look* at oo f saving* tun b« en (uimliht fn iu hit boy hood, in which the rm'i'iijT dricfef iu jcuitcring fl iwon* briore the Ciimotof I'Luibu*, dthwti bye-wen piebald humo* ; toT'iJ exijuiti'vly lovri) fimtile lipurc*, lypitving tbe Routs, hovering round the chit tot in a M;lt o) tiuuro. Ah it is i-Xceu-ivoly (ilflicult nnd hitipniLg to examine this mervrilouriy lovely c- iling, titi inpritiouH hmiuguij'unt of minor* fan* be- u contrived, ho iL&lyou; can sou thu pluriouf Ineco brought, bitore y--u as t fa' ugli it wuu hariging --pp'tile you like an ordinary picture ue you n't at your i.hhj in (root of the lowest uiirror. Tl u Uiiuty ol the (iich and figure*, the grace of tho atti ludtH, the tihuiiHl iightntf-fc ot all thu actor* in Ibe scene, which re m ui fl'.'At in thu gulden air with no need of wiuge to bi -p them uj-, tLo Hdmirublrj grouping, tbo harmonious lirlnrtu of the colouring, e'J ci'tpiro t:/ reader this inar Ufbat (bright and purlect ah when it was first piinud) one of tho uio?t toHgDiflcont ch-fs d nuvre uXUnt. 'J be CBPino ootlAinH w-VithI other aplenuid patoiiogE; but loth' filial portion of the Rospigliori collection ihu public ie not udtniltcd. STELLA. 