LYCEUM THEATRE. MR. DIJ-LON'S "IlAMTi .r." Of oil the characters m Shakspcnre s dramas there is not one where actors have so varied and differed in their conceptions <?f what the character ehriiild he ds that of Hamlet. From the t line of J oh n ICemble-who struck out an altogether original idea of the character-down to the present day, no two actors ever performed < le character of Hamlet with any similarity. Th's remark would also seem to apply equally to the reader of the play, so different are the notions of the character. For the latter renson few actors have ever suc ceeded in pleasing every one in impersonal ing Hamlet on the stage. The reader of the play goes to the Theatre to see it perfovaied, and pro portionately as the actor realises the pre-conceived ided of any of his itudiei1c0 ns to the character, bo he is esteemed a good or indifferent actor. It .is hardly to be wondered at, therefore, that Mr. Dillon, who made li;s appear? ice last night in the part, did not achieve a complete triumph, and win golden opinions from all of the large audience. That he succeeded in pleasing the large majoiify was evident from the fact of Ills being recalled before the curtain at the end of each act. We fully believe that his success would have been greater had his appcarance not been- heralded from Melbourne by the great flourish of trumpets which have been sounded on every occasion. This is too frequently the practice in introducing theatrical stai's to the provinces, people expcct too much, and even ii good performance is condemned. Without fol lowing in the highly eulogistic track of the metro politan press, which ranked Mr Dillon's perform ance of Hamlet as one of the best since the days of the great actor to whom we have before al luded, we may very truthfully assert that it ranks high in the list of similar performances. There are many portions of his performance where he electrifies his hearers by his declamation, while there are iome portions where he absolutely fails in anything like a natural representation. We could dwell for a long time in referring to his many fine points, if space and time would permit. We can only, therefore, mention the celebrated soliloquy, commencing-"To be, or not to be," which he delivered With a force and feeling that could hardly be exf '.'lied. The scene w «th the Queen, hismother, in contrasting the twoking3, was equally beautiful. In other portions of the drama, the geniu« of the actor was displayed. Of his faults, they were, in our opinion, the very ones he,-in ?his advice to the players, is so enreful in instruct ing them to eschew-a little too much " mouth ing." In the graveyard scene, he was scarcely, in the encounter withLaertes, " true to nature," and slightly " o'erstepped the modesty of nature" by allowing his passion to degenerate into "rant," As wo have said, despite tliese little drawbacks, his impersonation was worthy of great praise on the whole. Mr. Dillon possesses a very good stage figure, expressive foatures, and a voice of singular clearness and sonorousness, which, in most instances, lie modulates and varies to suit the sentiment he is uttering. Of the remainder of the cast of the play, we have but time to mention that Mr. R. Younge enacted the charac; of the Ghost with a sufficient degree of mystery and solemnity. Mrs. Charles Dillon, who appeared as Ophelia, rendered justice to the part. Her madness and melancholy singing were pathetically represented and performed. The lady who played the Queen -her name to us is unknown, as the resources of the Theatre were unable fo provi.b a list of the various characters-ssemed hardly in place. Mr. Vinson, as the King, acted creditably. Mr. Cox's Horatio was likewise a' well studied performance. The other parts were tolerably we!! filled by. an efficient company. , ? ? To-night we see that Mr. Dillon will appear as "Belpliegor the Mountebank,"-* character in which, we can well bc';eve, his hisii ionic abilities . are calculated to excel. 