CHRISTIAN MISSIONS IN INDIA, ON Monday evening the Rev., E. E. Jenkins M. A. General Superintendent of the Wesleyan Missions in India, delivered in the Wesleyan Chapel,. Chippendale, the fourth of a series of lectures on India, the subject for this occasion being "Christian Missions in the Madras .Presidency." The building was crowded in every part.The Honorable G.. Allen, M.L.C., presided and introduced the Lecturer, who said: Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen.-To this fourth lecture it is my intention to give you as correct an impres sian-as a topic of this kind is capable of conveying of the progress of Christianity in India. I shall attempt it by a selection of facts, chiefly those which my own observation has gathered up ; you will be able to deduce inferences. If I were writing a book on the subject, it would be my duty to give you an historical sketch of the introduction of the Christian religion in the East. But I am just now a witness not an historian ; and lest I should be tempted to unneces- sary divergence from the information it is my business to impart, I will suppose you to be a committee or council of examination ; only requesting that you will.permit me the liberty of warming into the advocate as I get to the end. If you wish to review the whole subject, let me recommend. Kaye's " Christianity in India," an author to whose opinions I must sometimes demur, but whose narrative is judiciously arranged and impartially written. You must add to this work, however, the.memoirs which nearly every missionary society engaged in India, has published from time to time of its missionaries and their work, together with the annual reports of those different, bodies. These materials for a fair survey, of the progress and present, advancement of Chris- tian Missions in India are accessible to all ; and if these lectures send you to other sources bf information, and make India more largely a subject of inquiry and conversation amongst you, my visit to those colonies will bring forth the best fruit I could desire.. My statements will. chiefly des- cribe the operations of the Wesleyan Mission in the Madras and Bangalore districts-not because these will tarnish the most conspicuous examples of success, for other churches who were in the field before us, or have prosecuted their labours with more ample means.can show a richer produce-but. in order, that I may make my details more minute and reliable by taking them from scenes and occurrences in which I myself have moved. I may also add on this subject that in dealing with the pro ceedings of one missionary society, I do not restrict your observation.to that aooiety ; you most imagine that alf tbe Mission Churches in India are doing with more or fewer re- sults the flame work. ? Our Madras diatriot comprises pine principal stations, three in Madras and its suburbs, six in the provinces. They have not all been seleoted with refe- rence to geographical advantages ; . for in the b?ginning of the mission our fathei's went to work without plans.; they choose ground and sites moat easily accessible to their cir- cumstances ; and we find enormous-gaps of apace between them ; there ' we have been filling up, very partially how- ever, with intermediate stations. When we leave the Madras suburb .of St.Thomas Mount, we must travel 180 miles to reach Negapatam, our next station. This is a town on the coast to the south of the Presidency city. From Negapatam the distriot runs directly west through the heart of the Tanjore province, extending to Trichinopoly and Caroor giving us the command of several of the most cele- brated cities in India and of villages innumerable. The po- pulation of Tanjore is at least 1,700 000, that of Trichinpoly 18710,000, that of Madras is 735,000; and yet the aggregate of these numbers 3,145,000, is not more than a tenth of the population of the entire Presidency of Madras. Encom- passed and hidden by overwhelming masses of people we number in our district 19 missionaries (12 Europeans, 3 East Indians, men of European descent, but born in India, and 4 natives). Upon four of our stations we are alone; I mean that no other society occupies the ground with us. In Munayoody. for instance, a city of 25,000 people, and having a jurisdiction over 440 village, there are two men For Trivalore and Keraiore, two towns containing a popu- lation of 16,000 with .the surrounding country dotted with villages, we have set down one man ; he lives in Trivalore and is working himself to death, alternately in the school, and in the streets. In Caroor, a town of.8000 inhabitants, we have another man, who, as he stands at the door of his solitary house can look 50 miles east and 30 miles west over a country teeming with population, remembering with a vain sigh for help that he, a frail man, whom sickness may remove or death lay low to-morrow, is the sole witness of the cross to all that people. As I run ever these figures, and touch these enormous dis- proportions between the labourers and their work, I am afraid lest you should fail to grasp the astounding facts implied in the account. We speak of the Infinite worth of one soul ; of the momentous interests committed to one family ; of the incalculable influences generated by the social and political state of a single town ; we mourn to see one soul walking its solitary way, without God, without hope; we are shocked to see a whole family given up to the devil, parents and little ones abandoned to darkness and city, that shall all be atheists, without a single exception, is what you do not, cannot see. If there was one town in your colony, whose inhabitants were infidels on principle; where the head of every family; most assiduously taught his children that there was no God ; where the teachers of schools inculcated atheism, having all their books compiled upon its principles ; where the magistrate on the bench, the merchant on the exchange, and the statesman in the house, discharged his duties in accordance with the doctrine that there was no God to fear, and no hereafter to expect ; you can imagine that that community would awaken to all the colonies, the most painful curiosity ; they would move the deepest sympathy of the' churches ; missionaries would be set apart for the infidel town ; summaries of the Christian evidences and earnest protestations and appeals would swarm from the press, and even the Legislature would be invited to interfere; public feeling,absorbing various ele- ments of agitation would probably rise to a violence that if it were unable to convert, would break up the heretical people. It would be said, here ls a community not simply immoral, but united to disavow the basis of morality ; whose education, whose trade, whose press, whose domestic life, are all built upon atheism. That must be a licentious toleration that would permit an English town and English families, to be organised into a pagan community. In the name of our ancestors, for the sake of our children, for the honour of our country, in the vindication of our religion, nay, for the protection of human nature itself, let us put down atheism, if not as a doctrine of individual belief, yet as a principle of social compact. . Apply this illustration to the great cities, and teem- ing provinces, which I have briefly described, as composing our Madras district, and then you may have a conception, but very faintly representing the fact, of the state of the people in the midst of whom our few missionaries are uttering, with unheeded zeal, their protest for Christ. When your ministers in this colony preach to wicked men, they have on their side public opinion, law, the religion of the country, and the conscience of their hearers. (''Arguments backed by auxiliaries like these are irresistible. But when the Christian missionary preaches in the streets of a heathen city, such aids are not simply wanting to him, but they are on the side of his opposing, audience. He is one man, a foreigner, perhaps speaking their language imperfectly, and certainly ignorant of their social and inner life ; he appeals to a Bible they have never read ; be speaks of Christians whom they have never seen ; he appeals to faots for whioh' there is no. testimony but his own ; they, in their turn, argue from religious writings with which they are.all familiar,''in the faith of whioh they and their to crime ; but a society of families, forefathers fur 2300 rears back, wore born, educated, and established in life ; they appeal to facti, which among them- selves, have gained a universal assent, and to which there is. not a singlo demur bot bis own; they point to books older than the New Testament, to temples more venerable than Westminster Abbey, more munificently endowed than St. Paul's, to a history whose annals were grey before Rome was founded, to a language whose compositions were classic before Homer was born ; they point to their present wealth, their trade their manufactures, their land, their wise men, their families, tho harmony ' and luxury of their domestic life, schools for their children; colleges for their priests, literature, games, and festivals for their recreation ; and one missionary in a city of 2,5000 people, a stranger, a foreigner, unaccompanied and unsupported, is to stand up against all this Consider, too, what this people, so impos- ing in number, so classified in society, so civilised in arts of life—consider, I say, what they really are. They are educated to dishonor God, they are bound to hate Christ, their knowledge and learning are employed in multiplying enticements to sin, in making masks of sanctity for the public and honourable acceptance of vice ; crimes which we blush to name are pledges of honour, forms of devotion, and titles to respect. Can you imagine, sir, a picture more appalling than the intellect of a whole people cultivated for the appreciation of the most damnable errors and for the indulgence of the most shameful excesses? We have errors and excesses in Christian countries, but they, are condemned and resisted as such; in India they are the foundations of society, the sanctions of religion, and the incentives to honour, We believe, sir, that there is but one morality for the whole world, and that is the morality of the New Testament ; that is the morality for human nature ; there is no other God than our own ; there is no law that can educate the human mind to purity and to nobleness, but the law of the Bible. We, therefore, believe sir, that our fellow subjects in India are perishing without God, and that nothing we can do to arrest that downward massing of the people to- wards the seabed death, which has been going on for ages past, will avail, unless we plant the cross before them. Behold, then, a few men whose lips God has touched with missionary fire threadlng the populous mazes of Hindu cities, and dying Repent ye, for the kingdom of Heaven is at hand. We are sometimes so depressed by the sight of our heathen Ninevehs, that we would fain take ship and flee back to Tarshish, I have quailed before the massive and concentrated iniquity arrayed against Christ and have often deserved for my cowardice to be swallowed up by a fish or a tiger, and not like Jonah vomited back to the ministry I was about to betray. But by the forbearing mercy of our Lord, although cast down we have not been destroyed ; we have been perplexed, but not in despair. Even against such odds as I have described, when we have gone, Bible in hand, to the help of the Lord, we have proved the extraordinary keenness and temper of the spirit's sword; we have found it able to pierce through the argu ments, the prejudices, and even that densely woven chain mail of caste which the Hindu wears next his soul, until the point of the two-edged blade has divided the conscience. You shall have examples before I have done ; but let me now direct your attention to various modes by which we seek to penetrate the people in their retreats with the word of God. First, our own members are so few, and our strength is so small, that even were all the nineteen of us: in one town, instead of being scattered over vast provinces, we should not be strong enough to preach the Gospel to every inhabitant India will never be converted through the personal ministry of Europeans. We are aiming to do intellectually and spiritually what Clive did in material warfare, conquer the Indian empire by Indian levies. We have preached the Gospel to individual young men, many of them members of the proudest castes; and those who have given us a serious hearing we have formed into classes. We have weaned them from the - worship of cruel and an- clean vanities; "and as they have advanced in the rigid and unassailable demonstrations of European science, they have renounced the fables which they were accustomed to adore as heavenly revelations; and of not a few it may be said, that what things were gain to them those they have counted loss for Christ; and Paul him- self never gave on more than some of these have relinquished for the truth as it is in Jesus. Well, sir, we take these into our council ; they know the Gospel as assuredly as ourselves ; they can reason upon it aa cogently ; they can teach it as impressively to a class, they can declaim upon it as eloquently before an assembly as the European ; nay, in some instances, more effectively The argument for Christianity is far more conclusive to the Hindu when he hears it from one of his own class or caste, than when he receives it from the lips of a stranger. The sophisms by which his rapid intellect will sometimes puzzle or distract the European,.never dare to appear before one who was himself a sophist of the same school ; and argu- ments from race, language, usage, and society, all fall to the ground before one whose very presence declares them answered and refuted. These young men are not all mis- sionaries ; but they belong to the staff of Christ's little Indian army. Some of them we set apart to preach the Gospel ; others are masters or teachers in our schools ; others carry the word of God into the villages, and distribute or sell portions of scripture ; others follow a secular calling, their education in many instances enabling them to com- mand lucrative and influential positions under government ; but all banded together to fight the good fight of this new faith, and bring the reign of the Devil in India to an end. Of this class of men God has given us in the Madras district nine, including recent converts who are preparing for pub- lic work. Imagine, sir, the unspeakable importance of en gaging men like these ; whose lips, pen, social influence, and personal character are set apart for the conversion of their countrymen.. Every missionary society l have met with in India is devoting a large portion of its means to the training of young natives for mission work ; we give more attention to it now than in years gone by, and wi h what results, let these foots declare. In 1853, there were in all the mission churches of India and Cf y lon only 48 bona fide native missionaries, now there are 140. In 1852, there were 698- native catechists, yon may call tb em paid local preachers and; tract and Bible distributers, now there are 131'5. One word as to the attainments of our native mis sionarioB.-These men. as you will have inferred,'are not Bimply Christians, who have been taught to read and speak fluently on Christian topics they have been carefully trained, many of them, are eobolars, authors of books, and able de- fenders of truth. . A,n illiterate native minister would bo the laughing-ato: k of the crowd. Andnow with a few native missionarie - and catechists to help us, what are we doing? We are establishing schools, collecting native Christiana in- to churches, preaching the gospel in public thoroughfares and resorts, diffusing the word of God by every mode of ad- vertisement and- publication we can think of, writing tracts, inviting public discussions, forming depositaries in the native bazaars, for the sale of Christian books, and con- ducting periodicals. We have in the Madras district nine- teen day schools, containing altogether, 1324 pupils; nine tenths of these are from respectable caste fami ies, many of very hi to200 Brahmins. These schools are of two kinds, the Anglo-vernacular Institutions for the prosecution, chiefly, of English studies, and the smaller schools for villages, where the instruction is altogether conveyed through the native languages. It may, perhaps, be necessary to state that the desire of acquiring the English language and at- taining proficiency in it, has become a passion in the higher circles of Hindu society. It is now the classic tongue of native scholarship. It is the key by which the young Brahmin gains admittance to money and power-the real gods of his idolatry. Some of the highest positions in the ser vice are accessible to native gentlemen, who thoroughly understand the English language. We have taken advant- age of this demand for English learning, and in five of our stations there is an Anglo-vernacular institution. The studies pursued are the Holy Scriptures, geometry, algebra, arithmetic, English and Indian history, geography, and selections from English literature, in prose and poetry. Attached to our Madras Institution, there is a class reading for their university degree. The studies of these young men embrace chemistry, trigonometry, and the works of such English authors as Shakspeare, Bacon, and Milton, together with native classical writers in the Tamil and Telugu languages. Imagine a Hindu lad entering the school at seven years of age, when his mind may be supposed to he pliable, vacant, and impressible. We take the little follow, up at the ABC station, and steam on with him in a direct line to syllables words, definite, ideas truths. From, the terminus of history, he looks back, not over the mazes of Oriental romance, but over a distinct and lucid chronology ; he sees the great events of the past historically evolved. From the terminus of science he is not distracted or intimidated by the hypotheses of an exploded philoso- phy-hypotheses with which, superstition armed herself to make the heavens above, and the earth beneath, and the waters under the earth, speak a language which God never meant them to speak, but our Eastern youth looks back over a road of iron demonstration ; and when his priest threatens to bring fire upon his head, or to withhold rain from his village, his chemical data come to his aid; he laughs at the fears of his friends ,he shows them the reasoning which proves Astrology to be folly, and magic to be wicked craft; and when he, nears the old men gravely talk of this flat Earth with a mountain in the centre that rlses to heaven, and of the ocean of honey, and the ocean of milk, and the ocean of liquid sugar, his astro- nomical data come to his aid and he smiles at the dotages or old and wrinkled Hinduism shrinking , from the light, back into her cave of darkness and shame like a witch whose reign of spells and enchantments is over, the sport of children whose parents once looked grave when she passed. From the midway terminus of religion our youth looks book, and looks forward, and he perceives that the road by which he has come to the conclusion that there is one God, and one mediator between God and man, the man Ohrist Jesus, is as straitly consistent with the human mind and as closely laid down, although starting from other pre mises, as any line of geometric or historic analysis, and as we travel this grandest of all roads together the wheels of our demonstration go crashing over the images of Brahma, Vishnu Siva, and Kali, and the inspiration that drives us on scatters to the winds the myths and legendary impos- tures and holy abominations of Brahminical lore, and we point him to the road beyond and show him that in the Christian scheme the path of the mind is none the less bright and certain because human reason and imagination fail us, that faith becomes the substance of things hoped for, and the evidence of things not seen ; and that a blessed immortality with God is as inevitable a result of believing in the world's Saviour as any sequence of geometry or na tural science. This is the educating process by which we separate our pupils from the religion of their fathers. I do not say that we thus make them all Christians ; but they can never, return to the simple A, B, C, from which we tra velled forth with them. I have known instances where, when they have left us, they have plunged into the dissipa- tions of heathenism, but they have never returned to its errors ; they have been consciously wicked but never de ceived into vice ; and after a long struggle to get their own minds to accept as the justification of their sins the sanctions of Hinduism, some of them have come back to us crying there is no peace to the wicked, and have bowed their necks to the yoke of the great peace maker. Some of the best fruits of mission labour have been gathered from this higher class of teaching. In all India and Ceylon there are 185 missionary institutions of this order containing 44,612 youths. I do not insist upon intellectual attainments as a means of conversion ; I do not affirm that we ought not to teach the people of India on a lower scale than the curriculum of our Anglo- vernacular institutions. We have village schools, and we are multiplying them ; but in the great centres of idolatry, the chief cities of India, where the learning and power of the Brahmins are in high repute, there is no means that can so effectually shake the confidence of the people in their, priests,. as the merciless exposure of Hinduism, involved in the thoroughly Chris- tian education which we impart to their, young men. The Hindu society is divided into castes ; these are like im. mense families ; no code of honour binds Its subjects toge- ther by laws so subtlely comprehensive, so jealous of obser- vance, so sensitive of trespass as a native caste. . It follows that when a member of one of these corporations is con vetted to Christianity, the whole, body is moved. Within the in the world's Saviour yelled last twelve months, two Bramins have renounced their reli- gion for Christ, in Munengoody, They were pupils in our school there ; and were given to the prayers and faithful labours of our brethren. Not only was the whole city moved at these events, but the entire district felt the blow ; the mission house was beseiged; the missionaries were mobbed, the poor converts were subjected to a cruel perse- cution, law was appealed to ; the force of intimidation, the seduction of bribes, every species of opposition conspired to prevent the issue of the dreaded conversion ; but all was in vain, the blow fell upon the caste and the effect is this, that several of our old Munengoody pupils are only waiting an opportunity of following their companions. In former lectures and addresses, I have described two remarkable cases of conversion, and the consequent riots of the respective castes to which the converts belonged. The latest and best fruit of missionary labour is the formation and building up of a church. Individual converts must be cemented together, and possess the means of influence of a self extending organization. No part of our duty is so pregnant with important consequences as the laying the foundation of churches, and especially among a people so deeply rooted in their own religion, and yet so artful in the devices of simulation as the Hindus. In those provinces of India once possesed by the Dutch, there was, among the natives a considerable extent of nominal Christian profession. The Dutch Government imposed upon its servants a uniformity to Christian ceremonies. The Hindus, for the sake of a worldly advantage most willingly affected a conversion ol this kind, and Dutch clergymen could number their converts by thousands. But when the pressure was removed, there was as easy and almost im- mediate reversion to an idolatry of which the ceremonial only had been suspended. There is a day coming which will: try every man's work of what sort it is; and the mis sionaries in India are striving to build their converts and their institutes on the chief corner-stone. In the Madras district, we have four native churches. As it is only within the last few years that our own mission has made any im pression on the higher castes of the people, the greater proportion of our members are no-caste natives, but the whole number is not considerable, or would not appear so to those who judge the prosperity of a church by its numerical extent. The church of which I was the pastor in Royapettah oontains 65 members. Many of them are heads of families ; the rest are young people, chiefly pupils from our schools. We have a beautiful little chapel which will seat 500. This is usually about three parts filled. The younger scholars from our Anglo-vernacular institution, sometimes as many as 180 compose part of this congrega- tion ; the elder, the yonng men, go to an English service in the school room, where a lecture is delivered on the evidences of Christianity or some cognate subject adapted to convince and impress intellectual inquirers. Attending this English lecture are generally to be found young men from the Government college, and pupils from the higher native schools of the city. Returning to the vernacular congregation of the church, another portion of it consists of the boarders of our female school, numbering about 56. Thirteen of the senior girls, are members of society. ; I baptised four, of them, about a year ago. Lastly, there are the members of the church and their families, together with a few Hindus whom curiosity bas induced to peep in and sit down at the door. For these, however, we have had services elsewhere ; some times under a tree where people resort to gossip or make bargains; sometimes we harangue passers by from the chapel doors; but generally, as in Royapettah, we hire or build a shell in the public bazaar and preach occasionally to great numbers, often with a good deal of interruption, but almost always with some effect. In these itinerant excursions we sometimes take our educated converts with us ;and you can imagine what effective auxiliaries they make in street discussions. Our Royapettah congregation, whose compon- ent parts, I have separated for particular description, is in- telligent, attentive and tolerably punctual. I have often seen the word fall like a hammer upon hearts of rock. It is not an unusual gratification of the preacher to see the tear and hear the sigh. The Hindu Christian congregation ls as remarkable for its sympathy as the Hindu heathen concourse for its coldness and its phlegm. Our members do not sit in their seats like stone images. They lean forward to lis- ton and their upward glance is in electric connexion with the eye of the speaker. All the hearers appear interested ; for those who have no piety, have politeness.. When I began to preach in Tamil my attempts were hardly intelligible ; but the native Christians never allowed me to see anything but thankful appreciation even for a sermon, not a word of which they understood ; or if they did catch a sentence, the poor wretched preacher was applauded by the nods and smiles of the whole audience. in our Royapettah church there are four classes ; each member subscribes weekly as much as he can afford to the support of the word of God ; in addi- tion to moneys collected in this way, there. is . the . sacramental offering, the quarterly public collection and a monthly subscription or the lighting of the chapel. Last year they purchased a harmonium for the improvement of their singing and a hearse for the conveyance of their dead to the grave yard. They evince, in these .little sacrifices, signs of life ; they are pledges that the church will bye-and-by sustain and propagate itself. They hold prayer-meetings in each other's bouses. As many as. 13 native dwellings are opened in Royapettah for prayer, on which occasions they invite their heathen neighbours ; the word of God is read, and expounded, and two or three, members pray. They hold monthly prayer-meetings with special reference to missions, these are well attended. We tell them on these occasions, what God is doing in other parts of the world. Either ourselves, or one of the young men, who understands Eng- lish, will take up a missionary notice, and translate for them a letter, from Tonga, Fiji, or the West Indies. Such is the composition of our Royapettah church. Its pub lic and out door services hold up the standard of our re- demption to the masses; its schools are leavening with in telligence, scientific and especially scriptural, the middle and higher ranks that compose the strength of our cities ; its families are adorning tho doctrines of the Saviour in their homes, exhibiting a silent, but ever present witness to neighbours and relatives, for pure living against licentiousness, for honest dealing against swindling, for temperance and quietness against indecent revelry ; for independence of thought and manly jealousy for liberty, against truckling to rascally priests and bending the knee to conjurers ; for the unassail- able happiness of a sure and certain hope against the drunken peace of a soul drugged from the cup of an en chanter. Such testimonies as these, sir, from Christian families, when joined to the ministry of the Word, and the diffusion of education, must, when, they are accompanied by the Holy Ghost, and they are so accompanied, convert the seat of Satan into the kingdom of Christ. I will leave you to infer the progress of Christianity in India, when. I state, that of churches like this, there are in India and Ceylon, 1190, an increase within the last ten years, of the number of churches in India, of 859, about 80 churches a year. These churches contain 31,249 members, an increase since 1852 of 12,839. In endeavouring to convey an impression of Christian progress in lndia, I cannot omit the munifi- cent and laborious Bible Society. The committee of this society in London, are as truly a missionary, body as any church in Christendom. They not only, provide bibles for the world, but organize, and sustain plans for disseminating them. They have been giving the Madras Auxiliary £600 per annum for the support of Bible colporteurs for the presidency. These men are generally placed, under the. superintendence of missionaries. We have 17 colporteur stations and employ 18 agents. These men penetrate villages, which missionaries have neither time nor strength to work. They are instruct ed to go from house to house and offer portions of God's Word for sale, or, where the people are too poor to purchase, distribute them gratis. They are not supposed to preach, the Gospel, but they are not forbidden, to talk about it. And there are some earnest men among them, who are doing the work of evangelists. In the year 1861 these men .visited 64.944 houses. They gave away 1933 portions of scrip- ture, and sold 9311. .The disproportion between the houses visited and the scriptures disseminated may be accounted for by the law which, forbids the Bible agent giving away his store ; and by the fact that, many of the families had been visited and supplied with, scriptures the year before ; but to whom, nevertheless a visit from a Christian teacher was essential to the carrying on the work of Bible circulation beyond the missionaries beat. In former years, we gave away all our books ; but the people are beginning to re- cognize their value ; our schools are teaching them to put a price on knowledge, and since we began, our book sales, wa have realized between £300 and. £400. I place the more value, upon this fact because of all lovers of money, the Hindu is the most, faithful to his passion. He has not yet learnt that time is money ; he will give you a week of his time for the asking; but the most torturing surgical operation you can inflict upon him, is the extraction of a penny from his bag ; his sleep goes from him, and it takes him days to recover from it. I have seen him give freely to. Brahmins, but that is when some immediate terror or pregnant vow masters his covetousness. Sir, the time draws near-I see it coming, when we the priesthood of Christ, shall supplant the Brahmins of India ; when the fear of devilish imaginations, under which the people are compelled to obey, and suffer, and struggle as under, a night-mare, shall vanish, and the horrible fever-dream die, at the opening day ; when the ruined mind of that great nation shall have beauty for ashes, and the oil of joy for mourning. Oh, sir, that l could take you and this congregation up if the laws of matter would allow me, and set you all down in the midst of the Hindus, that you may be eye witnesses of what we are doing, and of the infinite work that remains to be done. Behold all that country of India, with its 175 millions of souls. When you examine the foundation upon which they build their hopes for eternity ; when you consider the ridiculous folly of their gravest speculations ; when you reflect that what they call their religion is a system of gigantic vices, giving scope and stimulus to that very nature which reli- gion was intended to destroy ; when you observe that the spirit of the people answers to these appalling supersti- tions, in the almost helpless violation of all morality, in the habitual prostitution of truth, purity, and honesty, in a universal incapacity for generous and manly deeds ; when, above all, you find them a learned people, and that these abominations are sanctioned by their moralists, statesmen, and poets ; when wickedness is inculcated in schools, is anything wanted to complete a perfect example of the devil's despotism over a race ? Sir, India is a country of great beauly but the captivity and ruin of man; shades and saddens everything else. The moral landscape blights the physical In spite of the gorgeous cloudland of those tropical skies in spite of the florid vegetation of an Indian soil, its mas sive trees, its bi-annual harvests, its abundant fruits, no thoughtful man can walk through the country without being sickened by the poverty,: the. degradation, the profound stupidity, the social miseries and pitiful fanaticism of the people. Everything wears a heathenish aspect, except the. blessed heavens; whose stars like true evangelists, are ever preaching against those who substitute an image for Him whom the heavens cannot contain. 