THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER punr/isHKD DAITLY PROGRESSION, OUR BIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 18fi3. THE ENERGY OF DESPAIR. WITH every disposition-to treat a fallen enemy with forbearance, and being by no means ob livious of the former glories of our contemporary, the Melbourne Herald-and it still exists we are yet placed in a painful position as regards that journal. We care not how rabid are the views enunciated by a newspaper, how vicious, how laudatory it may be, provided always that it has an entity of its ot\\.i. Nay, we would even go further; condone savage attacks, and praise verging on the idolatrous, were there but the smallest guarantee that the writer was in earnest. Even flunkyism, provided it be confined to eulogy of what Plato terms "the beloved object," is not utterly to be condemned. We strove hard to believe thatthe towering intellect of the late Attorney- General, pnd the multifarious talentsfjof his coadjutors had so electro- biologised the Herald, that in his sight they could do no wrong. And the faith came with the desire to believe. But at this point our patience and our credulity gave out. Granting that the late Ministry were all that is good, were one entire and perfect chrysolite, a m? :vel to present, and a. beacon to future Aus tralians, it does not exactly follow that their successors are the antipodes of all this. Is there no virtue, and not any praise in the M'Culloch Cabinet ? Are they ntterly base, and ^ un worthy of a trial? Have they committed "such crimes against high heaven that they should be condemned unheard, and hustled: off-into .the limbo .which awaits: the altogether wicked and unquiet spirits 1 Had the Herald contented itself with asking come such questions as these-and they are sufficiently extravagant-and with arguing from such premies, pity would have been the pre vailing sentiment for a fallen brother's in fatuation. Now it is unmitigated contempt. The meanest devices have been resorted to, the most preposterous inventions, with just enough semblance of probability to give them a degree of weight, have been manufactured for the pur pose of injuring the new Cabinet. It was fair enough to put up candidates for all the con stituencies in opposition to the Ministers standing for re-election. There was little harm done in cal ling the sp:rits from the vasty deep, and still less when the aforesaid spirits politely declined to ob3y the summons. Nor was any particular impropriety committed, although a stage manager would have unconditionally condemned anything ( half so inartistic-in. the Herald, after a per fectly frantic attempt at ghost-raising, turning round and telling the audience (9,000 daily on our honor) there was no necessity just at present for the'' appearances" they had actually assembled to see. All this and more we could have.bome with equanimity, knowing to what straits journalism is at odd times driven for a subject. But when Email, very small personalities are introduced to bolster up a bad cause, and the vilest inuendoes i are resorted to m furtherance of the same ob ject, when even the persons appointed to perform certain ncccssary work, as electoral registrars, are.vilipended, and traduced-when still baser; writing is stooped to, then we find generosity to be utterly misplaced and hold it a duty to denounce the recreant broadsheet. It was simply stupid of the Herald to say of the action of Messrs. Heales, Sullivan, and Grant, over the Electoral Act, that " nothing j could have been more base, or more treacherous,' < the Herald knowing perfectly well that no option was left them in the matter, and know ing moreover that had they not " swallowed the Bill," their flank.would have been turned im mediately on the re-assembling of the House. This is the bittor pill which the ex-whippex-in has had so much difficulty in swallowing. Hence all the black bile. But the Herald grows quarrelsome, and must needs throw dirt- such' dirty dirt-that Dr. Evans would lift his learned nose more than ever in the air, and asseverate with gerontoeratic ponderosity that it originated from none of his Gamalielic indoctrination. We shall not follow our contemporary through his; mud-casting. We shall neither defend the "talkative and turbulent snip," registrar for a portion of Melbourne, nor the "individual Semple" who, the Herald more than hints had substantial reasons for retiring from a late elec tion for North Grenville, deeming that both are quite capable of taking care both of themselves and of their reputations. Still, we cannot r.efrcim from asking one question. Suppose -Mr. "Na'jle had been in Mr. Jones' -place, and Mr. O'Connor in that of Air. Semple, would second childhood have mowed and mumbled with such impotent ? actjrbity ? The up-country electors, although their memories are easy enough on these scores, jgobdhess kno wsj have not forgotten the extraordinary iss,uf> of an extraordinary supplement to Bell's Life, Pub lished once upon a time, and on a Wednesday. The objcct of that issue was tolerably palpable at the time, but we fear that for full particulars it will be necessary to refer to the maternal parent. Will the .Ucra'4 he good enough to favpr?the public by thoro ighly elucidating, this" JiaJf ? ;lost .secret. of. hilt >ry, or "will - it; .bo necessary to refer to the »ithor of the altogether lost secrets ? But eiiotigli 0f the registrars, who by all accounts are jnoie t uin likely to throw up their appointments,'from the sheer poverty of the-land. It boots aaf littlo to abuse as to defend them. The Hen Id has yet another charge to make against <\- tho Govern ment. Mr. M'Culloeh; and his colleagues are accused of trying all in their power to restrict the Electoral Act so as to give ft ?deathblow to 'universal suffrage. The allegation is too ridiculous to be gravely refuted. We can only wonder at the stupen dous folly of a newspaper showing the very cards the ex-Ministry would have played had the opportunity been afforded them. Now wc know how the people of-the cblony would have been cheated of their right to vote, and we 'also know upon which horse to placo the saddle. ?, A much- more diffioult tMlc thati -the* proriipt -ar rangement of- the new, stiff, and complicated machinery of tho Electoral Act could scarcely have been imposed/.upon a.Government taking ) the reins of officoxat/almost a moment's notice. 1 Their^ositiottfi.'ai^orabarrassing^as oven Mr.'j iH^t.lr4ir'fiavin£f honest nil era j;. 'nvnlty of tlie thin". 