JOHN HAMPDEN'S REMAINS. Tho exhumation of tho body of John Hampden has been lately mentioned by Mr Foster in his' Memoir of Lord Nugent, and still more recently by Mrs Groto, in her Collected i'apers, Jlr \V. S. Smith, who wab present with Lord Nugent and others when the Bupposodbody of Hampden was discovered in Great Hampden Church, in 1S2S, commu nicates to Notes and Queries tho following account of tho exhumation: — "After tho in scriptions on several cofilns had been ex amined, ono was found about four feet from tho surface, on the right hand (south ?) side of the communion table, on which no letters wero legible ; and ns tho plato was not much de cayed, it seemed probablo that there never had been any inscription. It was immediately determined that this should be opened. Tho outer cofitn ol wood had been covorcd with vclret. Tho inner coflln was n very thick leaden one. It was cut open and tho lead j rolled back ; the body was laid in a wooden shell, and upon removing the Bawdust, was found to be enveloped in Tery nu merous folds of cerecloth, which would per haps account for its remarkable preservation ; the flesh was wliito and firm, but with no other odour than that of the surrounding earth. The features were muoh compressed by the weight of tho bandages ; tho eyes wero covered with a white filui ; tho beard had been shaven, but there appeared a growth of about I-lGlh of an inch. Tho liair was long and flowing, ns re presented in the portraits of Humpden. It had been collected and tied with a black ribbon nt tho bsck of tho head. In colour it corres ponds with tho description given by Mrs. Grate. I cut off a lock, which is slid in my possession. As there was no surgeon present, Lord Nugent descended into tho grave, and endeavoured to ascertain whether there was any wound upon or near tho left shoulder ; but it being found impossiblo thus to rnako a satis factory examination, the coffin was raised and set upon trestles in the middle of the chance): The body wss placed in a sitting posture, with a Bliovel to support tho head. Tho shoulders nnd arms were then carefully inspected, and the result proved that Lord Nugent's 'fore gone conclusion' — that Hampden's death wsb occasioned by a gunshot wound in tho shoulder was at once dissipated. There did not appear aoy discolouration, or the slightest injury to tho shoulders or arms; but, in order to bo perfectly satisfied, Lord Nugent himself, with a small pocket knife borrowed from me at the instant, made several incisions in the parts adjacent to tho shoulder joint, without finding any fracture or displacement of the banes Lord Nugent was evidently disappointed. He did not care to establish the fact that Hamp den's death was occasioned in any other manner than by a shot from the King's troops. My own opinion rather leaned to the tradition related by Sir Robert Pye (Hampden's son-in- law,) that his right hand was shuttered by the bursting of his pistol, and that death probably ensued Irom lock-jaw, arising out of extensive injury to the nervous system. When I took up the right hand it was contained in a sort of funeral glove like a pocket. On raising it I found it was entirely detached from tho arm ; the bones of the wrist and of the hand wero much displaced, and had been evidently splint ered by some concussion, only the hands of tho fingers were held together by the ligaments. Tbo two hones of tho fore arm, for about three inches above the wrist, were without flesh or skin, but there wero no marks of amputation. Both tho bones were perfect. was firmly attached to tho arm, and remained so wlion the glove was drawn away. There wero Blight portions of flesh upon tho hand ; the bones were complete, and still held in tlieir places by the ligaments which supported them. This remarkable difference in tho condition of tho hands sufficiently proves the truth of Sir Robert Bye's relation of tho cause of Hampdon's death. I know nothing of what subsequently passed in the church. It wsb said that several hundred persons had been there during the afternoon, and on the following morning, for the body was not rcinterred until tho next day. Exposure to the air must have caused great alteration in the state of the flesh, for a rapid changs was apparent oven during tho first hour." The Law and the Mines. — There really is no end to novelties in mining litigation, and quasi mining litigation. In tlio County Court, yeBterday, Mr Davidson, tho registrar for No. 1 Division, sued for registration fees nnd survey charges, but was nonsuited on the following grounds : Tho registration was of a largo number of Bhares for one or two persons only, who took np ground under tho plurality by-law, and after tbo entry of the name of the registree once, all tho other shares wero registered us " ditto," ono ticket being issued for tho aggregate of Bhares. This, the judgo ruled to bo contrary to tho by- law and good registration, as the name should bo repeated for every Bhare and a ticket issued for every share. Tho survey charges wero also rulod to bo exces- I sivo, as the by-law makes the charge to I depend, not on the area of ground or number ! of Bhares surveyed for, but on the number of " persons " for whom the work is dono. It transpired also in the courso of the action that until lately no books had been supplied, to or UBed by the registrars for tho registry of " ap plications" for registration, 'all sueVi applica tions having previously been filed only instead of being " entered in a book," as enjoined in the by-law. His Honor look occasion to con gratulate tho minors on the appearance of greater anxiety on thoir part to see well to tlio proper execution of registcrial duties, nnd therefore to the propor creation of miuirig titles. — Ballaaral Star, 3rd April. A SriBiTiiAL Medium. — All doubts as to the reality of rappings must now bo at an end, as a correspondent advises us of tho following : — A few nights since, a young male friend of ours, who from a sneering ecoptio had become a devout believer, retired to rest, after having liis nervous system soverely shocked by tlio information, through the spirit of liis grand father, that ho would shortly become a powerful medium. Ho was in his first comfortable snooze, when a clicking noise in the direction of the door awoke him. He listened intently for a moment — the noise was still going on — very like tho raps of the spirit upon the tuble, indeed. " Who's there ?" There was no answer, and tho queer noise stopped. "Any body there?" No answer. "It must have been a spirit," he said to himself. " I must bo a medium. I will try." (Aloud.) "If there is a spirit in tbo room, it will signify the same by eayir.g aye — no, that's not what I mean. If tlioro is a spirit in tho room, it will pleaBO rap threo times." Threo vory distinct raps word' given in' the direction of tho bureau. "JLs it cue spirit 01 my sister t No answer. " Is it tho spirit of my mother ?" Throe raps. "Are you happy?" Nine raps.. "Do you want anything?" A suc cession of very loud raps. " Will you givo mo. any communication if I wi'.l get up?" No answer. " Shall I hear from yon to morrow?" Raps vory loud ia the direction of tho door. " Shall I ever seo you ?" Tho rapB then esmo from the outside of tho door. Ho waited long for an answer to his last question, but none csmc. The spirit had gone; and after thinking about tho ex traordinary visit, he turned ovor and fell asleep. On getting up in tho morning, ho found that the spirit of his mothor had carried nff liiu tvntnh nnrl nnrsn. his nanfa. finrl h?» great coat down stairs in the hall. — American Scrap Book, A Stage Scene. — A writer who has travelled extensively gays that he witnessed rather a strange scene in Shakespeare's beautiful tragedy of 11 Romeo and Juliet 5" it was at ono of tho Western Theatres. Tho pieco had passed off well without interruption unlit tho last scene. The character of Romeo wna excellently enacted and loudly applauded. Tho very model of the lover was before the tomb of the Capulcts, gozing upon the mo tionless form of her who had go attracted hie eoul, and meditating upon committing an act which would send liis spirit to that undis- covered country whoro lio supposed Juliet's had gone. Juct as ho exclaimed, 44 Hero's to love !" and at tbo enmo tirao raising the vial which contained the poison to his lips, a j atniwartyoung countryman jumped upon tho I erege, seized him,dashod tho vial from his hand, j crushing it into atoms, nnd yelling, 44 Ycr darned fool, sho ain't dead. Only been takin' a little elfopin' medicine. Didn't yer get tho parson's letter ?" 41 Sirrah !" growled ont tho enraged tragedian, white tho houso fairly shook with laughter. 44 Why, yer gal ain't dead, I tell yer. The way it was, they wanted to make Julie marry that chap thar," pointing at Paris, " whose business you have just eettle'l ; but I tell you Julio war pluck — sho got her back right up und vowed bIio wouldn't do if, even if while she war Ijing in tho Tault tho ghost of the other feller whom you kilt should dash her brains out with the bones of somo of her dead cousins. Wul, her pluck war up, nnd sho took tho stuff the parson fixed 5 so she could plov possum till you got hum. Thai's the way it war," replied the countryman, giving the desperate lover n tremendous poke in tho ribs with his elbow, and at the enmo timo losing hit hold. 44 Hell's curses on tho fellow ! " mutbred tho raving tragedian, ns ho stalked behind tho scones. " Wal, now," said the countryman, fronting the audience, 44 if that nin't a lcetle tho dod darned meanest cuss X ever did see, I hope to bo awowed. That's nil tho flanks I git for slopping him from pizenin himself. Hope to bo tarnly swashed if over X go to interfere again when a fellow wants to murder himself,' ho continued, as ho clambered back to his seat, just in timo to prevent his upaer etory from pnmirxr in eontfint. with thfl CUltain &9 it de- Eccndcd. — American Scrap Boob. 