A PICTURE IN THREE PANELS (from once a week.) How many years is it, I ask, since I first listened to that music ? And you come and lean over the back of my chair and call me foolish. I know you are there, though I do but look on into the fire aod read from a book whose pages no print ing-press hath touched. Foolish, am I ? Well, I am only living over again some old days, happy and unhappy, which have made you aud mo what we are. Foolish ! You forget that you have been playing the " Coro religiose," and that when 1 first heard it — well, go your way, and while your are gone, let me think out the story, and paint my picture. i panel 1. You stood, ono of a merry party, near the piano, with your hand on the chair of the player, even as it roBted on mino but now. I saw you for the first time, and you were singing the " Coro roligioso I hoard your voico amongst all others, distinct and clear. I was to have taken the Count's part, but foolish then as I am now, some strango bewilderment seized me, and your Cousin Earnest l-Iaughton stepped forward with his resolute, musical, "No, no, non piu." which I ought to have suug. I sank back abashed, aud looked at you both. His hand touched your shoulder — how dared he? And I saw how handsome ho was, how polished ; with " gentleman" written in every line of his mobile face and every movement of his figure. I heard some one say, " well matched," and it was true. You looked well together — a fitting couple. Do you see me there, in tho dark shadow of the door, biting my moustache and watching you? 1 was a groat, strong, rough fellow com pared with Ernest, and I felt it. I was unused to ladies' society; no mother or sisters hud taught me gentleness, or its simulation ; and so, seeing you for the Grst time, and feeling my own awkward- uess, jealousy took possession of mo. I would have had that smoothfaced Ernest out ou the hill side with the hounds in full cry and a mighty fenoe before him; then, would he havo beaten me ? Bat there, in the drawing-room, ho 6bone and triumphed, while I stood in the shado watching him. There is the 'first panel of my picture. You remember it, I know, but it is not written on your brain as it is on mino. Its colour was on tho days that follow- ed, aud it had set a mark on my life for ever. You know how at first you thought mo shy nnd awkward, and in your kindness tried to draw out my scanty words on every occasion ; at least, I thought so, and I would not bo drawn out. I preferred watching .you and your cousin, gloomily ; I was in a fever of infatuation, or I should havo quitted' the houso that held you at once, iustead of liugeriug on, buying dearly my first knowledge of the great passions of life. Ernest Haughton would have made friends with me, but I repulsed him; at times I beard him speak light words, which shook my first acknowledgment of admiration for bim, and I believed from my heart that hc .wa3 not worthy of you. Waal? That question never occurred tome; I contented myself with seeiug his faults, uot thinking of my own. I had a jealous envy of him, for all that ; I delighted to outdo hiin in any way ; often I have startled you by somo wild feat of daring which I knew Ernest, with all his high spirit, would never attempt, but he only laughed at me. Ouce, I remember, your face grew pale at a momentary danger which I had scorned to fear, and' when I saw that, a inad impulso came upon me, and I snatched your hand and pressed my lips upon it. Even then Ernest only turned away to hide a smile. I saw it though ; I fancied it was a srailo of triumph, and the thought drovj me wild. He know his security, and mocked my weakness. I felt, too, that your manner grew colder and more distant after that. Que day-I came upon you suddenly amongst the'shrubi; you. wore looking after .the figure of Ernest in tbe distance, and there was sorrow in your face. " He is going to leave us," you said. " lie joins bis ship to-morrow ; aud tbe separation is a -painful one." I eould not keep my tone from being bitter ; and you looked at me .with re proachful wonder as you answered .: " Of course. lie is my cousin."' A wild hope leaped up in my heart then for a moment, but it sank as quick ly. I put 'it down with a strong hand, feeling that it was madness. I could boar this slate of things no longer. " I shell leave you, too," I said ; " but that will bo Utile loss." I You gave me uoauswer; and the un- graciousness of uiy speech struck me But - your bead was turned away ; I thought you were still looking after Ernest, aud I did leave you. I said no further good-bye to you, but wont away silent, and miserable, determining to put you out of my thoughts for cvor; as if such a thin 1 were one's own power. For twelve long months I never saw you; I bunted, and shot, and fished; I tramped the country, high and low, but I bore about with me always the first panel of my picture ; and nothing could drive out from my dreams tho voice of Ernest with this "No, no, non piu," which should have been mine. I have been rambling for some days amongst tho Scottish hills, when the fine weather cbange.d to rain — incessant, heavy ; and I wa9 kept prisoner at a wretched inn, where there was nothing to do or to see except the fierce splashes which beat against the window aud ran down it in streams. I asked the waiter if it always rained thero, and though his answer was as comforting as the response of a brother waiter to a similar query — " Na, na, man, it snaws whiles," yet he took pity upon my freckless, do-nothing' condition, and brought in a pile of old newspapers. I turned them over list lessly. You know what caught my eye ; the wreck of a vessel and the names of the lost: Lieutenant Ernest Haughton amongst them. I looked at ttje date — it was six months back. Forgive me for it, you who know how my wholo heart was still clinging about you ; could I help the joy that burst from my lip3 that moment? I did not think of Ernest, of death, or of tboso who mourn ed his loss; I thought-on that you were free ; and that in tho possible future which stretched out before my eyes, it might bo mino to make up to you for a past sorrow. I started in the pouring rain : what did I caro for that then ? I never slack ened my speed till I stood once more in' tho well-known room, and saw you. You were in mourning too; I looked at it jealously at first, thinking that six months had surely been sufficient tribute to tho memory of a cousin. But my head grew dizzy as I looked at you, till your exclamation, half of pleasure, half of dismay, mado mo cousoious of the figure I presented. Dabbled, mud-staiti- ed, a great rough fellow then as former ly, I stood before you ashamed of myself. " If you did but know," I stammered, " how 1 have longed to see you again ; how I havo travelled night and day without stopping — " You broke into my speech, to insist that I needed rest and refreshment, and must have it. You did welcome me — how I blessed you for it. By and bye you spoke to me of lamest Haughton, and I tookcourago to ask one daring question, which nothing but your goodness could have pronounced ex cusable. " Tell mo one thing," I said " Wcro you engaged to Ernest ?" Tho wordB slipped from my tongue, as though they bad burnt it, and you looked at me calmly and answered " No." But then .1 believed in my secret heart that it was only tho word engage ment which had been wanting. I hoped, however, from tho calmness of your answer that you were learning to forget, I must give you time for that. You would have talked ou about Ernest, bis friends, and tbe shock bis death bad been, but I changed tho subject, and studiously avoided it. I wanted him to be fur away in tbe past, not talked of, but forgotten. I flattered myself I did not care what be bad been to you once, now that it was all over, and I could not help ray jealous nature, uor the madness which stung me at times wbcnllieardyou pronounce his name with— as I fancied — such regretful tenderness. I curbed down my impatience for a while with the reflection that I must let you forget him ; and then — remember it — I told my tale. You seemed touohed ; I saw your lips tremble, but no word came from them. Then I, went on, following up my own ideas and acting upon them. I said I did not care for first love — which was false — I wanted you to give mo what you. eould, in time it would bo your wholo heart, I trusted ; and if some passing fanoy had bound you to another, let it be forgotted. So that if it was really past, I ' never would rake up its ashes. You turned to me smiling, and asked mo falteringly, " Was I less exacting than others, that I promised so readily to be satisfied with a worn-out heart ?" Satisfied ! No ; I warned you of my jealous nature, but tbe musio of a hun dred joy-bells rang in my ears and stum bled from my tongue as I did so. Ve hement and passionate always, I scarcely think tbe old fire has died out of me even yet. At that time I might surely, in my security, have spokeu of your cousin, and learnt the depth of your sorrow for bim, but I would not. Tho sting whioh bis name held even then terrified me, and I avoided all mention of bim You seomed, too, so quiet and undis turbed, while the excitement of my new happiness was filling mo with exuberant life, that I could not help at times tor menting myself with the reflection that it was neither strango nor new to you as it was to<ino. I did not care much then, however; I was too happy, and I trusted to time. So that I might be with you, and know that you were my promised wife. I could be satisGcd. And you always hud a welcome, for me, were always ready to listen to my eager plans for tbe future aud to sympathise with them. Do you remember those summer evenings ? How we lingered in the coppice of Fernwood, and saw tho sua light on the mill stream, glancing through the trees, and playing amougst tho underwood ? IIow we sat on grassy knolls and talked, letting the time slip by uuhccdod, till you would suddenly start up and say there would be a scolding waiting for you at home ? I know about thoso scoldings, do I not ? A grave word of anxiety lest you should have taken cold, or stayed out too long; fori was not half careful enough of you. Aud do. you retnomber standing with me in tbe shrubbery on the spot where Ernest Haughton bad parted from you ; and a momentary fanoy came into my head that you were thinking of bim. But when I looked into your quiet, con tented face, my thought died before it could have reached my lips. That was tho eve of our wedding-day. Wo were married. I cannot thiuk of that time calmly ; even now, when I would put tho sterner touches to my picture, the excitement of that new happiness comes back to bid mo pause. Idiot that I was 1 IIow came it that by and bye, dark thoughts began to rise up in my heart, and to have recognised a place there ? That I looked upon your calm content and thought with a jealous pang, that you were not happy with me; that what you bad given me was not love, but the dregs of the warm heart which had gone down under tbe waves with Ernest Haughton! I don't know how it came about, but so it was. With a wonderful aptitude for self-torment, I raked up all the circumstances, throwing over tbem tbe one colour whioh distorted my own vision. And there grow up a strange coldness between us; I sought after solitude, that I might brood over my thoughts.; and if at times you came near and I caught the look of wondering sorrow in your face, I stifled tbe pang it gave me with the counter-thought that it was a sorrow to which I could pot minister if I would ; a sorrow for. lira' dead. L Why did you bear with rao so long and pationtly, never uttering a word of reproach ? At first, indeed, you used to ask why I was moody and sad, but a cold answer, or a vehement one which you did not understand, sent you away, silenced. And this mute forbearance only strengthened tbe idea that you wcro notbiug to me. Foolish then, if you like : and yet in that folly I was unut terably miserable. Miserable because you wore so dear to mo; your very presence, or tho touch of your band, would send a thrill through every pulse, and yet 1 could do nothing to tnako you iiappy. I could do nothing but indulge bitterly tbe feeling that our marriage was a mistake, and that you did uot love me. What wonder if day by day you grew more distant and reserved, and I more gloomy, while the barrier be tween us strengthened ? Ours was a strango honeymoon, was it not ? panel ii. I was sitting over the fire moodily, thinking as usual wondering how lougour lives was to go on lhu9.; and how it would end ; wandering baek again to my wild days to tho Scotch bills, to tbe pile of old newspapers, and tho tidings thatsont me off through the pouring rain in search of you. My back was to the door, but when I heard it open gently I knew you were there. You camo and stood uear me on tbe rug, aud spoke with your voico a little roused from its usual passionless calm. For you soc from tho very first you had been so. very quiet, and my vehement nature craved for something inoro demonstrative. I beard you then, with tho old thrill stirring my heart, and I traced unwonted excite ment in your. tone. "A strange thing-has happened," you said, "and I have eome to tell of it." " Well, I am listening." For a moment you hesitated, and thcu went on, and I saw that you bad an open letter in your hand. My cousin Ernest wa3 not drowned as wo believed. Ho aud four of the crew were saved; they have beou brought off I ono of the . lone islands of the Pacific, and are in England. I nover moved. Sitting there with your shadowy presence near me, my wife, . I saw iu the fire the first panel of my picture, and heard the voico of Ernest break in upon the Nuns' chorus. For you the sea gave back its dead, aud for me what remained? But I knew that you expected me to say something, and I spoke, not in congratulation or rejoic ing, I was not false enough for that. " You must give your cousin a wel come," I said. " You will be glad to see him — of oourse ho will eome here." You did not answer. I would not raise my faoo though I was conscious that you sought to read it. I could not meet that mournful inquiring look of yours whioh was wont to fill me with in expressible tenderness. You turned aud went away silently, and left me to my musing. I hardly know what I thought or felt, or wished for. The jealous envy which had been growing up for Ernest dead, changed into disgust and hatred against Ernest living ; and across it there came a moekery of gladness in your pleasure at seeing him again. I shunned you less at that time than usual ; I could not keep from fol lowing you with my eyes compassionately, thinking how I was in tho way for ever, and but for me you might be happy. You remember the day your oousin came. I got up a show of welcome ; though lionised and feted as tbe hero of the wreck had been, he seemed more intolerable to mo than ever. But you were gayer than usual ; at dinner you talked lightly, with a make-believe, as I thought, of hap piness before him. You were interested iu his adventures and drew him. out; I alone sat silent and stupid. When you left us, I, holding open the door for you, ventured to look onoe into your face. Its gaiety was gone, and a wan, dreary exhaustiou bad come over it. I put my hand over my eyes for a moment, feeling that the table with its glasses and de- canters reeled before them, As I sat down your cousin cried out with a great outburst. " What on earth is amiss with Ellen ? She looks like the ghost of herself." I battled with a quick pan at my heart and made some trivial answer. I hated the sight of his handsome face at my table. " Ellen used to bear a great deal of persecution from me," he Went on, hold ing up his glass to tho light. " You kuow I was going to be married before that last trip, and when tho affair was put off, I made a sort of scape goat of Nelly, and bored her unmercifully. Ono woman doesn't often hear auother praised as patiently as she did. Tho only time we ever quarrelled was about you, old fellow." I carried my glass to ray lips steadily and put it down uutasted, but I could not trust my voice to speak. " I dare say slio has told you all about , it. ' .'You know you were inclined to be ferocious at times, and I got a bad babit of calling you Ursa Major, &o.; You needn't frown about it. The fact was I saw which way tho wind blew, and couldu't resist tho fun of having some thing to tease Nelly about in her turn. I had to be very humble before I got for- giveD, and I knew then that Ellen was dono for." " Will you help yourself?" I said, breaking my silence suddeuly. Ishould have liked to get up and shako hands with him, but for tho thought that it might be dangerous. " No more wine," said Ernest. " But if you havo any place big enough to swing a cat in, whero one might make a brute of oneself with a mild cigar — " panel 1 ii. I don't know how to paint it. You wore sitting by tho fire in tho twilight, and your head was bent, with one hand shading your face, and the other (raiding a book which you were not reading. Wero you thinking then of the days gone by, and wondering at the dark spirit which had taken possession of your hus band ? Lights and shadows fell over your face from the fire, but its expres- -sion of sadness never changed. And I, knowing what I had been all this time ; thinking of my blundering and folly; seeing it in its true light; how could I speak to you ? I dou't know what I said, but I kuow that the first words of remorse and self- nccusation brought your hand to cover my lips gently; and I know that I was happy then as I never deserved to be ; happy afterwards, even in oonfossing iny madness, and hearing your tale of Er nest's infatuation about some one else; in watching tho sorrowful look pass from your face ; and its old brightness eome back. " But if it was about Ernest that I beon so foolish, why did I always stop you when you spoke of him, instead of letting you loll me all ?" i hut was one or the questions that I could not answer. But I should think that your cousin, when ho canra in from his mild cigar,, must have imagined that dinner was a wonderful improver of Ursa Major's temper. Are you there again, behind my chair? Well, I havo finished, the picture, and you may look at it. I have had it in my mind's eye this many a day, and now it is dono. Thero is one comfortable reflec tion about it, namely, if it is true that all men nro mad ouce in their lives, surely my time is over. You wore too gontle with me; you should havo called me to account instead of bearing all .things so patiently. Never mind! wo havo learnt each other by heart now. One's first untried affection may bo faulty and vacillating, but in spite of Sir Cresswell Cresswoll, tho holy love of married years does but grow firmer and deeper, and more indispensable a9 it loses its novelty. What do you say ? 