WILLUNGA. [ From our own Correspondent.] Willunga. August 25. On Saturday evening,15th instant, a very hand- some watch was presented to P.G. John Shaw, Corporal of Police, stationed here for nearly ten years. as a slight acknowledgment of his valuable assistance and services to the Willunga Lodge from its commencement up to the present time. Mr. Kell, in presenting the testimonial, remarked that among other claims P.G. Shaw had on the Lodge the most prominent was for having accurately fulfilled his duties as Honorary Secretary during several years. Mr. Shaw had re peatedly been offered a remuneration for his labours, but had as often refused it. The brothers, nevertheless, considered an acknowledgment due to him, and by private subscription, which was unanimously responded to, they had resolved to purchase a watch for his acceptance. P G. Hughes and other past officers added their testimony to the great benefit conferred on the Lodge by their late Secretary, and expressed a desire that he might long reside amongst them to give them the benefit of his advice and experience. The inscrip- tion on the watch is as follows :—"Presented to P.J. John Shaw, from the members of the Loyal Wiliunga Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., South Australia, for gratuitous services in the cause of Oddfellow- ship. August 8, 1863". Apropos of Oddfellow- ship, I may mention that a new Hall has just been commenced by the Wiliunga Lodge, in size 60 feet by 24. It is intended in some way to connect it with the Mechanics' Institute, so that tboth parties may avail themselves of its use, but the precise terms are not yet arranged, or if they are, have not been made public. On Thursday, 20th instant, the quarterly soiree of the Mechanics' Institute was held here. The Rev. A. R. Russell favoured the members on the occasion with his excellent lecture on 'Ghost Stories.' The subject being well known, it will suffice to state that the able and masterly manner in which it was handled by the reverend gentleman held his audience enchanted during its delivery, the charm being only occasionally interiuptcd when sweet music sent its counter-charm to break the spell. The musical arrangements were con ducted by Mr. Albert Chapman, assisted by Mr. Hutton. Mr. Burgess presided at the harmonium. Among the songs introduced were 'Love at home,' 'The treasures of the deep,' 'The North Carolina rose,' and 'The Song of Aus- tralia. The chair was occupied by the Rev. E. K. Miller, who, in introducing the lec- turer, took occasion to remark that this was the first time he had met the commu- nity in this vicinity, excepting in his ministerial capacity. He was gratified at the opportunity aflorded him, as it was in furtherance of the moral and intellectual progress of the people. He re joiced to see persons in positions or influence sup porting such meetings, and expressed a hope that he would often have occasion to meet them in a similar agreeable and rational manner. He was only surprised, considering the many advantages such an institution and social meeting presented that it was not more largely availed of by the artisan or working man, for whose benefit it was originally established. He trusted, when the new Hall just being built in Wiliunga was completed, a large augmentation of members would result with increased benefits to the recipients. The at- tendance was good, the room being comfortably filled. At the termination of the reunion votes of thanks were proposed to the lecturer by Dr. Mack- intosh, to the very effective musical performers by Mr. Kell, and to the Chairman by the Rev. A. R. Russell. Each was heartily passed, and a pleasant evening was brought to a close by the usual finale, ' God save the Queen.' 