' ? : — * - ' FIOICT BEIWEM JACK 'gVE. . 1IVAS anil HEOROE ]-UJ-1», ! -or £300. ? (Frnm Bell's Life in Su-ineu, 8th August). The long pending context' between those two celebrities oi the P.H, came off, «s per arrange ment, on Tuesday last. It wna Bottled first that the mill should come oft at Botany, and two steamers were engaged to convey the friends of the. parties to the scene of action. At the early hour of 6ix o'clock on Tuesday morning, throngB crowded the quay waiting for the departure of uio miuiusi* uuu ?n.iuijiu. jjubwcuu buiuu hqu four hundred embarked in tho two boats, which, after n plouanb pmagp, landed thoir freight at Kernel, on tho south shore of Botany. Having disembarked, tho cry of ' tho Peelera' was heard indifferent diroolions, which proved to be too true— a dozen of the usually 'inviaiblo bines' having put in an npponranco just when they were not wanted; Tbo pilnclpnls, who wero both on the ground, having been disposed of, tho polico were as much at fUule as if they were bushrang ing. After some little delay, and 'hole and cornor policy,' arrnngomontn wero made for finishing tho nffuir nt Port Hscklng, about six miles further south, where it was understood the little bu.«in. sa of the meeting could bo carried out — n-™. con; flavintr re-embarked, tbn parly sought 'groon fields nnd pa3turca new,' and after, an hour's transit (noil sic) landed at their destination, a more convenient spot than which apparently could not havo been selected. Aa coon as tho boats anchored, a pioneer party waB oont on terra firma to Boiect a placo and form the ring. Boit load aftor boat load left the ? ieameis, and,-lastly, the ' mighty men of baltlt » mo «-wiiii/*»vmibn wuu weru hi uuuicou ior me ionours of tho day. All the preliminaries having , been, effected, tho crowd oagorly aurrounded the ring, and at half past two Sullivan's ' tile' was thrown into tho arena, followed by himself in propria pereona. His appearance was hailed with loud 'cheers; and his opponent, who instantly followed him, received ? similar ovation. Having tossed for corners, Dodd won, whioh placed Sullivan with his face to the sun, Dodd was ably handled by Bill Branch and Jack Tickle, while Ned O'Brien and nnorhor did tho needful, lor Sullivan. Two umplreihaviogboen oliOBen, Bomo little delay occurred In tbc selection of » refereo, but this littlo difficulty having been satisfactorily got over, the men proceeded to strip. They bjth looked tbo picturo of health, condition, and manly vlgonr, nnd a more equal' match, to all appoaranoe, could not bo found. At five minutes to threo, having Bhaken hands, WUlUkHMU ? THE PIOHT. On tbe men shaping, 5 to 4 was offered on Sullivan. Aftor a ? littlo sparrlmr on both eldc?, Sullivan got home on Dodd'B smeller. (Cries of ' first blood' for Sullivan). Having closed, a liltlo fibbing took place, and both down, finished the round, .Tho 2nd, 3.-d, 4th and otb rounds terminated, . if anything, in favour of Sullivnu, and C to 4 was now oiferod on him. No material daroa-jo was yet done, nnd from then to tho 10th round, nothing oi nny oonser|uonce occurred. In this round, .after a deal of sparring, and an ox ohango of, blow-, both'closed, falling thtough tbe ropes iu. Dodd's corner, Sullivan coming in contact with a bottle on' tho small rib*, which :g»vehira great pain.- Prom this to the. 14lh round, thore was very littlo difference of tbo np peiranco of the men, as rognrds superiority, in ibis round, aftor a rood deal of snarrini! and an exchange of blows, the men again closed, and fell on the ropes; having been parted, Sullivan held up his finger, showing that it had been bitten, and an appci'l haviair been mado by somo of his friends to , the- refcroo, he gavo it 's. 'foul;' but after a little 'barney,' again said 'go on,' and tha battle was resumed. Dodd now became the favourite; . and 3 to 2 was freoly offered on him. Sullivan's loft pcepor now began to swell, and his face to loolt a little flushed, showing that hia opponent had been thoro, whllo Dodd'a ti«ut organ of ?vision icemoct none tbo better for liis exertions in the noble art ; his face, cliio, to a ec mewh t less extent. Rivicg ttriking proof.of tho effect or ? Sullivan's little endearments. From tbin to the finish (28th round) tho pnnlsbmont seemed to be very light on botheides. Both men appeared weak, and cared littlo about the businosu bofoto them. After this round, considerable time wna wasted in sparring and manoeuvring, Sullivan keeping; well up to his 'corner, the other, at tha same time, seeming littlo disposed, to fetch him out. Beiuu' now ten minutes to five, the refcreo decided upon drawing the fight, the men not being' inclined to go to work; Ho wns then iuduced to prolong it, but shortly afterwards (flvo minutes to five), finding the men in tbo tnmo disposition, finally drew the battle. Thus twenty- eight rounds were fought in two hours five minutes (tho first seventeen in thirty-five rainutos), the contest terminating to the dia eatlsfuction ol all present. Neither of tho men showed any sign of severe punishment, though both Boomed extremely weak. Wa may remark, in conclusion, that Sullivan fought hii man the. greater part of tbo rounds in his(Oodd's) own corner, and could not ha Induced, until near tho finish, to remain back. We should be happy to sou theic. two, men '.fighting their battle over again,' boMoviug that they aro most equally matched, and no soicuco or pluck is wanting in eitlior of them. About a quarter to six all the party veto again on tho . ' bluo waters,' on their return to Sydney, whioh thoy reached safe and sound about eight o'olock. Sullivan's friends have deposited £25 in our bands, with tbo proportion to increase tha stakes to £250 n side, for a renewal of tho fight botween these men. At presont, uo arrangement has been finally decided upon. The referee withdrawing the fight, instead of then and there fixing the next timo and plaoo of meeting, has given muoli dissatisfaction. The Sandridgo Novioo will fight Goorgo Brusher, lu the same ring as Clarke and Robson, for £5 up to £20 a side. If tbis nults Brusbcr, the Novlco will bo at tho ring, whan ho will bo prepared tn stako. ' Alp M'Laukn's Benefit.— This affair came off on Saturday last, at the Prinoess's Theatre, Melbourne, the house, with the exception of tho dress circle,. being filled on tho occasion. But for tbo ghostly attractions at the rival houses, there is no doubt there would have been a bum per; though, nBltwm.'haaudlenceB'emedporfectly satisfied with tbe 'sensational effects' produced by tho stalwart men opposed to each other with tho mufihrf, nnd although sans a ghost, there was aafHciont spirit in the boxing to stir up the enthusiasm of the spectators. - Tho play of Tom and Jerry'' was niada tbe medium of introducing Bob ll'tarcn, Tom Curran, Harry 3nllars, Bill Clarko, tho beneflciare, and tho other name* announced in the bill, nil of whom appearod an 1 nnn.tKfAii tlinmcalvAu ' /.rnrlitnlttu. 'IMia Hi\f_tn between Bob H'Lnren and Turn Curran wns rogarded with great interest, aud was repeatedly cheeiod- Alf , alao, though still sufiorlng from lliQ accident to his kneo-uip, cama in for his share of tho appluusd. Great crodit is duo to tho manager for the manner in which tho nrranje mcuta wero carried out, and which gavo general tatisfiction. , ' 