NEWS AND NOTES. About a quarter to seven o'clock, on Monday even- ing, a young man named Julius M. Avendorf, who keeps a tobacconist's shop in the Main road, not far from the junction, of Barkly street, attempted to commit suicide by taking a dose of oxalic acid. The unfortunate man, it appears, had been to several chemists' shops during the day and asked for oxalic acid to clean the gold scales with, but in every in- stance was refused. Mr Chamberlain, chemist, who knew the young man well, was however induced to give him a small quantify of the poison, on being assured that it was for the purpose named. Aven- dorf went home and got a tumbler in which he mixed the poison with water, and going into the watercloset, he there drank the contents of the tum- bler. Shortly afterwards several persons heard him moan, when Mr Robinson, of the Duchess of Kent Hotel, went into the watercloset and there found the unfortunate man in a state of great agony and vomit- ing. He took him into his own house and sent for Dr Hobson, who at once used emetics. The sufferer at this time was in convulsions and was excessively purged. Dr Dimock was also called in and, the stomach pump being used, most effectually relieved the sufferer, after which he got copious draughts of new milk, and at half-past nine o'clock last night was in a fair way towards recovery. His wife was most attentive to him throughout. It is well known that the cause of the rash act was a complication with a female, with whom Avendorf for some time has been familiar, which has caused some bickerings be- tween himself and his wife, a very intelligent and respectable woman. Very recently the wife and the admirer of her husband have appeared on two occasions before the magistrates for abusive language, and a great deal of family unpleasantness has been occasioned thereby. Now, however, it is to be hoped that this will end, and that experience will teach all parties to act more wisely. About nine o'clock on Monday morning, a horse- man reached the Camp and announced that a man had keen killed at Warrenheip. Two mounted troopers rode out to the scene of the alleged murder, and when there, they discovered that a row had taken place, but that no person had lost his life in the affair. It appears that James and Michael Magree and some assistants, acting under legal advice, were proceeding to impound some cattle found trespassing on ground in dispute between themselves and a man named James Gloster, and when in the act of driving the cattle away Gloster came behind James Magree and with a blow of a stick on the head knocked him down where he lay insensible. Michael Magree then rode into Ballarat and reported that his brother had been murdered. The troopers found that the wounded man was not in a dangerous state, but ad- vised that his head should be dressed by a doctor. A cart was got ready, in which James Magree was placed and conveyed into town, when Dr Hobson dressed his wound. The police proceeded to take the necessary steps for the arrest of the accused. At the meeting of the Water Commission, on Mon- day, a letter was read from the hon. secretary of the Regatta Club, applying, on behalf of the club, for per- mission to erect a boat-house within the Swamp re- serve. After some discussion the Commission agreed, on the motion of the Mayor of Ballarat, seconded by Cr Downes, that the engineer should report on the most suitable place in the Swamp for boat-houses, as it appeared that several persons wished to have the privilege of erecting them. About twelve o'clock on Sunday, a Chinese, a brother of Chin Kit, the interpreter, was stuck up at the Springs by two armed men, who robbed him of about £14 in cash. A correspondent at Stieglitz writes as follows :- "Last week, the Commissioner of Crown Lands charged John Wynding, before the Stieglitz Police Court, with illegally depasturing cattle, and illegal occupation of Crown lands. The defendant ad- mitted having cattle, but denied that he illegally depastured them. The Commissioner justified his interference as an obligation in the discharge of his duty. Such men were juvenile squatters, evading contributions to the public treasury, but acknow- ledged that had the defendant been less insolent to the occupier of the run on which he was located, he would not have been disturbed. The defendant produced a miner's right, also a depasturing license for six head of cattle and a horse for the Moorabool Gold-Field Common, the bounds of which were within a few hundred yards of the ground on which he was located. He admitted having more cattle ; these were dry, which, by agreement, were on an adjoining run. The Commissioner did not prove that any of the cattle at large belonged to the de- fendant, but felt justified in pressing for a convic- tion, from the admission that he with others were defrauding the revenue by running cattle on Crown lands without license. The Justice remarked that attention to the Land Act would show that squat- ting tenants now paid on the acreage of their runs, so were at liberty to have what number of cattle on the run they judged fit. The charge was dismissed. The parties aggrieved had power to impound cattle illegally at large on runs, and thereby identify their owners. On the second, charge the defendant, be- sides his miner's right, produced a woodcutter's license, entitling him to occupy half an acre of land. The plea, that the license produced was not accord- ing to the schedule of the Land Act, was not sus- tained, and the objection that the party was not entitled to the privilege because he did not exclusively live by the occupation was over- ruled by one of the justices remarking that such an interpretation of the privilege of a license would make any one valueless and materially injure the revenue. He had a few days before issued a wood- cutting license to a party who only wished to remove from the forest one tree. Besides, the defendant held a miner's right, and the run on which he was located was part of the Stieglitz gold-field. The charge was dismissed. This case is another of the like kind to which the miners at Stieglitz have since the passing of the Land Act been rigorously subjected by an at- tempt to overstrain the power given commissioners by the 122nd and 123rd clauses of this Act as well as to ignore the 1st clause of this Act, which secures the mining population all the privileges enjoyed under the Gold Fields Act. On Monday, the body of the late John Evans, who was killed at Ross' Creek on Saturday when riding a race, was interred in the cemetery. The funeral arrangements were conducted by Mr Marshsall, and the funeral itself was one of the largest that we have seen in Ballarat for some time, there being no less than twenty-seven vehicles filled with the friends of the deceased. The Western Council, through Lieutenant-General Knollys, on Monday received a reply to the con- gratulatory address forwarded some time ago to the Prince of Wales upon his marriage. A man named William Thorn, was charged, be- fore the magistrates, at the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, with being found, at three o'clock in the morning, in the premises of Mr A. Young, of the Rising Sun Hotel. He was sent to gaol for a month. John Cray, a disreputable old man, who has re- peatedly been in custody, was charged at the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, with having violently assaulted his wife. He was sent to gaol for two months. A lad, named George Charlton, was charged, at the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, with having assaulted some Chinese, and also with throwing stones into some of their stores, on the Main Road. The Bench imposed a fine of £10 on him, or, in de- fault of payment, a month's imprisonment. The Police Magistrate attended at the Western lock-up, on Monday morning, and disposed of the following prisoners, viz:- Robert Benyon and John Power were fined 10s each or twelve hours' impri- sonment; R. Fairbell was fined 5s or six hours' in gaol; Mary A. Townsend, on a charge of lunacy, was remanded; Edward Farrell and William Brit- ton, who had been in custody since Saturday night, were discharged. A concert and ball, in aid of the funds of the Benevolent Asylum, was held on Monday evening in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, but we regret that it was a failure, or very nearly so, because the prices of admission were too high. Five shillings for reserved seats, and three shillings for second seats, were prices which, even in the days when money was more carelessly spent than now, would keep the public away from any but entertainments where great musical "stars" were to appear; and such prices even with the attractions generally attaching to amateur performances are dangerous when holiday times present so many outlets for expenditure. As it was, the hall was not half filled, but those who were there amply enjoyed the performances, appa- rently, although, as is usually the case when the audience is scanty, encores were rare, and the general tone of things was decidedly flat. The first portion of the entertainments consisted of solo and part songs by Messrs D. and A. Oliver and P. Cazaly, all of whom were in good voice and sang with good taste, and generally with admirable accord. The pieces sung consisted of the three part glee, "When Time was Entwining," the duet, "The Sailor sighs so," by Messrs D. Oliver and Cazaly; the song, "Star of Love," by Mr D. Oliver; "The Ship on Fire," by Mr Cazaly; the song, "Oh, Albion," by the Messrs Oliver; the glee, "Hail, Smiling Morn," by the Messrs Oliver and Mr Cazaly, followed, in answer to an encore, by "Life's a Bumper." The second portion consisted of performances by the Sable Brothers, whose sing- ing, instrumentation, and comicalities were received with delight by the audience, and were heartily applauded, although most of the jokes tossed about from "Bones" to "Tony," and from "Tony" to "Bones," fell dead because of the flatness which almost invariably comes over a small audience in a large room. There was some dancing by these gentlemen, or at least by "Tony," "Bones," "Lilliputian John- son," and "Miss Wax," and it was in a high degree diverting, as the expressive plaudits of the audience clearly demonstrated. The juvenile minstrels closed the concert with several songs very nicely sung, the youngsters receiving a good share of applause from a pleased audience. After the concert, a ball was held in the hall, and was very largely patronised, so that we trust the funds of the Asylum will net something handsome, although the concert was not a very gratifying success. From information received from up-country dis- tricts as to the working of the new Local Govern- ment Act, as well as from the reports of recent deputations from local bodies to Melbourne, we gather that while the present Commissioner of Rail- ways and Roads, Mr Grant, evinces a strong desire to administer the new Act in the most liberal man- ner possible, and to prevent the interposition of the delays and annoyances attendant on a too strict at- tention to the laws of red tape, there is nevertheless at present a most lamentable absence of anything approaching to a system in the conduct of the Roads Department, and it will be absolutely necessary for Mr Grant to bestir himself in the business of re- organisation of the department through which the new Act is administered. The confusion alluded to has probably arisen from the contemplated abolition of the department, as intended by the original pro- moters of the new Act, and from the fact that no provision for the retention of the services of the greater part of the officers of the department has been made by Parliament. Since the passing of the Act, however, it has been found that the duties of the central department instead of being at an end have very considerably increased, and that in fact the old staff cannot get through the work. There are many portions of the Act, moreover, which have not as yet been brought into practical working. We allude to the portions relating to shires, and to those relating to common toll roads, the latter sub- ject especially demanding much and careful atten- tion at the hands of the supervising department. In making the arrangements for adminis- tering the Act, Mr Grant, if he finds any new appointments to be requisite, would do well to consider the advisability of securing the services of men well versed in the working of up- country Road Boards, the requirements of which bodies we can inform him differ very essentially from those of the small suburban Road Boards around Melbourne. The cost of frequent deputations to Melbourne on matters connected with the new Act is becoming a heavy tax on ratepayers, and the system of deputations is in itself so bad that it might be well worthy of consideration whether the appointment of a few district inspectors, at any rate for a short time, till the new Act is brought into full operation and is thoroughly understood (if one of Mr Ireland's Acts ever can be) would not be advan- tageous ; such inspectors would be able to afford prompt and valuable information to the several Councils and Boards in their districts, and would in the end effect a large saving both of time and ex- penditure by reducing correspondence and rendering the deputation system and its accompanying parlia- mentary log-rolling unnecessary. A correspondent writing from Beaufort, on the 26th December, says- "One of the most successful gatherings which has ever taken place here has just terminated in a most satisfactory manner. The Cricket Ground, on which the sports were held, was graced with the presence of all the most respectable and influential residents in the district, and the whole company seemed to enter into the pleasures of the day with the greatest spirit, appearing fully de- termined to enjoy themselves in the good old English style. I should imagine that not less than from 800 to 1000 persons were present to witness the sports, of which the following is a list:- Scratch Cricket Match, 12 a side. The first prize, £1, was won by Mr Thomas Allen; second prize, 10s, was divided between Mr James Cashie and Mr J, Penfold, 100 Yards Foot Race, in heats; first prize, £2, Mr Rain- ford; second prize, £1, Mr Stringer. Running High Leap, prize, £1, Mr Cochrane. 220 Yards Foot Race, first prize, £2, Mr Allan; second prize, £1, Mr Rainford. Hack Race, half mile heats; the prize, £5, was won by Mr Pakmib's b m Dreadnought. Sack Race, 70 yards, first prizes £1, Mr McLean; second prizes 10s, Mr May. 440 Yards Handicap Foot Race, first prize, £3, Mr Wilkinson (10 yards); second prize, £2, Mr Donnohue (10 yards); third prize, £1, Mr Rainford (at scratch). Quoit Match, 18 yards, first prize, £1, Mr Baillie; second prize, 10s, Mr McLeod. The sports were concluded by a Boys' Race, for boys under 12 years of age, for which about twelve entered, and gave great amuse- ment. For this really first-rate day's amusement we are mainly indebted, to Messrs Tompkins and Andrews, of the Camp and Golden Age Hotels. Thanks are also due to the stewards for their able management in carrying out the programme." At Smythesdale (writes our correspondent) the ghost of "Old Christmas" was not to be seen, and Christmas Day has proverbially become the dullest in the year. The only outward visible sign to denote the day was the Union Jack flying on the flagstaff at La Motty's Court House Hotel, and the resem- blance even to Sunday to wanting, as no church bells were heard, there being but few in the place I imagine to answer to the call. This miserable state of things may be accounted for by the inducement held out by the cheap railway trips to the seaboard, and variety of attractions to Ballarat, Buninyong, Burrumbeet, and other places. And no wonder! the bulk of our community is composed of hard- working miners, who have little recreation save that afforded at this season of the year, and it is not sur- prising they are glad to turn their backs for a few days on the scenes of their toil and seek repose and pleasure in some other spot. Wrathall's coaches rolled along in succession, crowded with their living freight, and by noon Smythesdale was as silent as the tomb. Some few picnic parties were made up for that picturesque spot known as the Devil's Kitchen, and were well repaid for their visit, as the "Geordies," who now muster in numbers in that locality, had got up some excellent sports. On Boxing-day there was a de- cided improvement in the state of affairs, thanks to Mr Dent, the spirited proprietor of the Royal Hotel, who instituted, as on former years, a variety of sports. These comprised foot races, jumping races, throwing the heavy stone, &c.; But the most amusing event of all was an eating match of bread and treacle for as many boys as liked, the boy that eat the most to be the winner, provided his mother knew him when he got home. If the young urchin's mother did know him when he got home, she must have been a wise woman indeed. This event was witnessed by dusty traveller by the Hamilton mail, which had just stopped to change horses, and, remarking that it was the only enlivening incident he had witnessed on the road, threw the youngster half-a crown. There were upwards of two hundred persons present, and the sports, with the exception of throwing the heavy stone and one or two other events, were competed for by the boys. The prizes consisted of fat geese and money from 5s to £1. The sports were conducted in the most orderly manner, and all the people went away very well satisfied with the afternoon's fun and amusement. At Staf- fordshire Reef, Italian Gully, and other parts, sim- ilar sports were carried on with equal success, and few Boxing-days have passed over in the district where so little trouble has been occasioned to the police by drunkenness and rowdyism. Some misconception has arisen as to the alteration to be made in the manner of forwarding the mails from Europe to Ballarat. From a letter to the President of the Chamber of Commerce from the Secretary to the Post Office, we learn that the London Post Office authorities do not deem it advisable to further sub- divide the Australian mails, but they will in future forward letters for Ballarat and the western district with the Geelong mails. It is requested that the word Melbourne, frequently used instead of Victoria, be omitted in the direction of letters, in order to avoid any chance of them being forwarded to the metropolis. The next mail for Ballarat from Europe will be landed at Queenscliff with the mail for Gee- long, so that we may hope to have gained something if not all we desire. On Saturday, at the Smeaton Hotel, Smeaton, an inquest was held by the District Coroner on the body of John Higney, aged thirty years. From the evidence it appeared that the last time the de- ceased had been seen alive was on Tuesday last, when he left Looby's Hotel, Bullarook, to proceed homeward. The deceased was then rather fresh. Search was made for him, and the body was found in Hepburn's Lagoon on Saturday. It is supposed that in crossing the creek he had fallen in ; and the body was afterwards carried by the current into the lagoon. Dr Roche made the post mortem examina- tion ; and, from the appearance of the organs, be- lieved death to have been caused by suffocation. The jury returned a verdict of "Found Drowned." The Sports on Boxing Day at the recreation ground, Creswick, were of a very tame description, scarcely any of the races or games advertised by the various publicans having come off. Mr Murray, with the Creswick Volunteer Band, however, afforded a great deal of amusement to numbers of both sexes, who tripped it merrily on the green sward to the music of the fife and drum. The Boxing-day sports at Linton passed off well, and were witnessed by about nine hundred persons. The first event on the programme was a foot race of two hundred yards, for which there were three entries. The first prize was won by John McLennan, the second by W. Nisby; Davis, recently of Ballarat, made a bad third. There were five entries for vaulting with the pole; E. Colquhoun vaulted nine feet, and won the prize. For the foot race of 440 yards (handicapped), there were four entries-Wat- son, J. McLennan, Davies, and A. McLennan. Wat- son and J. McLennan at scratch, Davis 3 yards, and A. McLennan 5 yards. A. McLennan went away at the start and was never caught, his brother coming in second, and Davies third: time, under one minute. There were fire entries for the running high leap; G. Tindale jumped 4 feet 8 inches, and won the prize. For the standing high leap there were only three entries - Tindale, Nisby, and Marshall; Tindale won the prize by jumping 4 feet 2 inches. Marshall hurt his foot badly at a jump, and was not able to compete for any of the other prizes. For the hack race there were eight entries; after some good galloping in three heats, Mr Fraser's g m Polly came in the winner, Mr Mathison's br m second. The heavy hammer, of 18 lbs, was thrown by William McLennan sixty-eight feet; he was declared the winner. For the boys' race of 150 yards there were seven entries; Jamieson came in first, T. Sneddon second. For tilting there were eight entries; T. Dunstan took off five rings in five trials and won the prize. For bagpipes, Edgar Brothers won the first and second prizes. The prin- cipal drawback and annoyance during the day was reckless riding amongst the people; the police were on the ground, but did not interfere. One child on leaving the ground was galloped over by a boy named Graham, whereby her leg was broken; the boy con- tinued to gallop on, heedless of the injury he had done. Messrs T. Learmonth, T. Bath, and C. J. Little, Jus- tices of the Peace, attended at the Leannonth Police Court on Monday, but there were neither prisoners nor cause list cases to engage their attention. The grand cricketing to ornament between the All England Eleven and Twenty-two of the Ballarat dis- trict is already beginning to show signs of its ap- proach. The grand stand has been began, and a considerable portion of the end nearest Boyd's Hotel is already erected. Mr Johnson, gardener, Webster street, complains that a prize awarded to his strawberries, at the late Sturt street Market Show, was given as to a Mr Farley, whose name is alleged to have been written by mistake on the prize card. We inadvertently omitted mention of this when we made our report of the show, but we presume the error, if it be an error, may even now be rectified as the prizes have not yet been paid. At the meeting of the Western Council, on Mon- day, there were no less than fifty-one applicants for the two offices of rate collectors. The successful ap- plicants were Mr Robert Wynne and Mr W. Marshall the former as out-door collector and the latter as bookkeeper, &c;, The Western Council, at its meeting on Monday, resolved to adjourn for a fortnight. The honorary secretary of the Creswick Turf Club has received a reply from the Railway Traffic Department, intimating that horses entered for the Creswick races will only be charged single fares till the 4th proximo. The Creswick Amateur Dramatic Club has deter- mined upon playing two nights (about the 14th of February) for the benefit of the Creswick Volunteer Fire Brigade. The pieces chosen are "Time Tries All," "Still Waters Run Deep," and Mr Farren's "Slasher and Crasher," and "The Spectre Bride- groom." On Thursday, a man called Frederick Kramer fell down in a state of insensihility on Camp Hill, Cres- wick. He was assisted to the Creswick District Hos- pital by Constable Martin, and on being attended to by Dr Starke was found to be suffering under disease the lungs. He is now progressing favorably. Our readers will have perceived by an advertise- ment over the leading article that the infant daughter of the Rev. J. Causland, Primitive Methodist Minis- ter, Eyre street, has been missing since Saturday afternoon, at which time she wandered away from the residence of Mr Geary, Green Hill, Durham. the child is barely three years of age, and was attired in a blue French merino frock and white pinafore. She possesses light hair, and had no hat. Search has been made in every direction without success and we scarcely need say that the parents will handsomely reward anyone who will bring the child to Mr Causland's residence, that of Mr Geary, or that of Mr Hull, bootmaker, Bakery Hill. The Pantomime at the Theatre Royal, last evening, drew another good house, though, of course, not such a crowded one as on the night of its production. The machinery now runs smoothly, and the actors have become more familiar with the business, so that the piece is still better worth seeing than before. The first day's racing under the auspices of the Smythesdale, Browns and Carngham Turf Club, was held on the Smythesdale course on Monday, and was in every way successful. A report of the pro- ceedings, as well as the business for to-day, will be found in another column. A meeting of the Imperial Company, Red Streak, Creswick, was held on Thursday evening. The mining manager reported sundry repairs having been made to the machinery. The working barrel was fixed, and the joints were being tightened. The seventh call of £1 per share was made, and accounts amounting to £96 17s 7d passed for payment. On Monday evening, Mr Merson, the temperance advocate, appropriately chose the mains now being laid in Sturt street, for a rostrum whence to dis- course upon the transcendent merits of water and the virtue of abstaining from supporting "the traffic." At the meeting of the Western Council on Mon- day, the handsome donation of £200 was voted to the funds of the Hospital. The water pipes between the Yarrowee Bridge and Bakery Hill have now been attached and the con- nection so far has been completed. The workmen are now engaged in laying the pipes down from Lydiard street to the Bridge, and in another fortnight it is expected that the connection will be completed in its entirety, and Ballarat, east and west, supplied with pure water from tbe reservoirs at the Gong Gong and Harry Beale's Swamp. The Herald says- "The President of the Board of Land and Works, it is understood, will visit Cres- wick on Tuesday next, proceeding to Ballarat on the Wednesday." The most important item in the intelligence from New Zealand, received by way of Sydney, is the un- doubted confirmation of the news of the unopposed taking of the Maori King's position at Ngaruawahia. On the morning of the 9th instant the following message was received at Auckland:- "From General Cameron, Ngaruawahia, to his Excellency the Governor. The Queen's flag is flying at Ngarua- wahia. A division of 500 men under my command were conveyed up the river in the Pioneer, and landed at Ngaruawahia about 4 p.m., without opposi- tion or seeing any natives." This intelligence having only reached Auckland on the day the steamer sailed, very little can be gleaned from the journals as to its value or its probable effect on continuance or suspension of warlike operations. 