MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1863. Mr. MORTON'S proposition to extend the benefit of the new Land Bill to the small grazier within the agricultural areas deserved more consideration than it met with at the hands of the House. The chief argument against it, and one on which the Government relied, was that it waa opposed to " the principle" of the Bill-the principle of the Bill being, we presumo, that only agriculturists of a certain class shall settle on the lands within the blue line. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM could not help confessing, with perhaps an excess of candour, that it was " for " political reasons" only that he opposed the clause. The Ministry, it is declared, is pledged not togo "outside the principles " of the Land Act of 1862," although what those principles are, and when and by whom that pledge was given, no one is able to say. The Ministerial objec- tion points, in fact, to one of the prin- cipal causes of our failure in dealing with the land question, which is, that our land schemes are devised, not for their practical applicability to the cir- cumstances and requirements of the people, but for " political reasons." Whe- ther agriculture or grazing should be the more encouraged-whether farms should be large or small-whether the process of selection should be by lot or auction, and the terms of payment by cash or deferred annual instalments are questions which have hjtherto been discussed solely from the political point of view ; and this is the great curse which has blighted all our attempts at a solution of the land problem. There are few practical men in the colony but will agree with the member for Ripon and Hampden that it is desir- able that grazing should bo combined with agriculture in order to make an in- vestment in land profitable to the pur- chaser. Wo do not believe that farming will ever be carried on in Victoria successfully, by the class of land- holders which the bill seeks to create. Even at the present price of agricul- tural produce in the market, it is extremely difficult for the most skil- ful and energetic farmers on the richest lands of the colony, to make their pursuit a,remunerative one; and when four hundred thousand acres a-year are added to our cultivated land, it is abso- lutely certain that farming will not pay any one. Mr. HEALES'S kindness to the agricultural class will, in fact, be fatal to their existence. If the present farmers can barely make a living, five or six hundred more farmers added to their number, as the bill proposes, will cer- tainly kill agriculture altogether, and drive all the agriculturists into the In- solvent Court. "While we agree with Mr. MORTON, however, in the principle involved in his amendment, we are by no means convinced that the clause which he proposed would have been of any material advantage to the colony, as an integral portion of the new Land Act. It is extremely desirable that there should bo farmers who are graziers as well, not only within but without the blue line ; but the clause, as proposed, would only havo introduced a new element of con- fusion in an utterly impractical and unworkable system. We desire to see graziers of the smaller class established on the lands, as- well as graziers of the larger, but we would wish to make them more permanently attached to the soil than they would be as " condi "tional holders." The same objec- tions which wo have urged against the conditions and restrictions of the Bill as applied to the agricul- turists, would apply to the graziers, who should select on the same terms, with a viow of making any profitable invest- ment in the soil. We protest against the tenure which is offered to the people under the bill, whether for agriculture or for grazing. It is impossible that the public lands can be turied to their best use under a tenure which is neither a lease nor a freehold, but combines all the defects of both as regards the state, without any of the advantages of either to the settler. For a grazier of smallmeans to make any good use of three or four sections of 640 each, it is indispensable that he should have the full right of property over them - that the land should be his, to do with as he pleases. Upon an allotment of 2,500 acres, if conjoined with a smaller extent of land devoted to agriculture, it is possible that a farmer may be able to make a profit, by combining the breeding of stock with the production of cereals. But it is certainly not desirable to create within the agricultural areas a new class of " cockatoo" settlers, with- out means, and ? without a definite title. An allotment of 2,500 acres, even of the best land in the colony, is per- haps the minimum quantity which can be profitably turned to grazing ; but in order to pay the farmer, it is indispens- able, first, that the land should bo absolutely liis own ; and, secondly, that it should be improved and cultivated to a high degree. By careful management, by rotation of'crops, by the introduc- tion of English grasses, and by the adoption of the home system of sheep farming, there is no doubt that the settler may make a comfortable living for himself and his family out of his four or five sections. But what in- ducement is offered under the Bill, for a man of the requisite skill and industry, to take up the lands for this purpose ? What man, who has anything to lose, will venture to invest his money or his enterprize upon the land, upon the terms required ? The Bill expressly warns off from the agricultural areas all but the paupers and the un- thrifty. It prefers that all the hold- ings shall be " conditional"-that there should be a general state of indebtedness, the state being the great creditor ; and, from the date of its passing, it will be impossible that any one can acquire a freehold in Victoria within the space of three years. The bona fide small grazier has no more opportunity than the bona fide agriculturist, under a scheme which is expressly declared to be not so much devised to meet the real wants of the country, as to satisfy certain " political " reasons." The " principles " of the Act of 1862 are the shadow under which we sit ; and unless those principles are swept away, and the natural law of com- petition for the lands be introduced, it is idle for the honest intending settler, whether small grazier or small agricul- turist, to expect to pursue a profitable in- dustry in this colony. Philanthropy is generally not a very inexpensive gratification, and it does not fall to the lot of every individual to be cheaply charitable. When it was known that New Zealand intended to make an appeal to the sympathies of her kindred, it was generally expected that any de- monstration on their part would not be unattended with a sacrifice. That the expectations of our own community will be realized there cannot be a doubt. It was easy to see that the class of men which Auckland wanted was precisely the class which Victoria could ill afford to part with. We warned the Government accordingly that it would not be to our interest that Colonel PITT'S mission should receive any very Active patronage at their hands, and they very properly have assumed a position of neutrality in the matter that must secure them from blame from either quarter. Beyond this, we can readily understand that Mr. M'CULLOOH is not prepared to go. The appeal of New Zealand is not exactly ad misericordiam. She offers fair terms, and makes a fair bargain with the volunteers with whom she negotiates. There is no reason for believing that she either will or can re- pudiate her liabilities ; and till she does it would be unreasonable to quarrel with her. At present, there is no adequate ground of complaint. She is proceeding on principles of the strictest commercial morality. We may grumble, we may give way to agitation on being outbidden in the labour-market, but it would be opposed to all principles of justice and political economy to interfere with the mutual arrangements of persons wanting labour and persons having labour to dispose of. The notion of the Government issuing a general order of ne exeat regno, such as Mr. J. C. SMITH seems to be enamoured of, may be dismissed without comment. No Government could be justified in in- terfering with an emigration that was not for obviously treasonable purposes. To make the volunteering of married men for the war equivalent to the crime of desertion,could only be effected by a legal enactment ; but it is just the sort of enactment that no constitutional Legis- lature would venture to propose. The volunteers, then, are masters of the situation, and after all, it is not likely that their gain will be wholly and entirely our loss. A sacrifice, under the most favourable interpretation of the case, we do make, but we think we can detect an element of compensation in store for us. The state of Greece, said the orator ISOCEATES to the despot PHILIP, has arrived at such a pitch of disorganization, that it would be easy to create an army out of the vaga- bonds. Without being complimentary to ourselves, we certainly should not be warranted in holding out any analogous prospects to Colonel PITT. At the same time, we believe we may very safely lay the flattering unction to our consciences that a few at least of lus candidates will leave their country, in a commercial sense, for its good and their own. Their parting we may speed with- out regret, and omit them from the cata- logue of those for whose emigration we are anxious to legislate. Tlhey are not generally married men, and they contri- bute nothing to the material wealth of the community. But the larger propor- tion cannot be dismissed quite so sum- marily. It is easy to see, that it includes a class whose wants the ordinaiy exi- gencies of trade were generally considered capable of administering to. The ques- tion is with this section of the volunteers, what induces them to surrender their professions for the avocations of a life which they must be totally unfamiliar with, and to which many of them must, in the nature of things, be singularly unfitted? Is it excitement, military glory, a spirit of adventure ? If such considerations beguile any footsteps to Colonel PITT'S office, we may readily take it for granted that they have weight only with the young and unmarried, and the young, and unmarried we have no objection to part with, save and except the general economic one connected with the depreciation of the population. Thus getting rid of those who are bent upon quitting a state of indigence and those who are actuated by purely sensational motives, we have only left for consideration the married men, with whom a very laudable prospect, of a day's good pay and a farm ia the vista should be the chief incentive. And, happily, there is prima facie need of less apprehension or legislation in their case. They are, we have reason to believe, a minority. They do not form the class very likely to leave through caprice a [legacy of poverty to their country. ' Their motives for taking the shilling aro scarcely sentimental. At the same time, it is fair to give them notice that, by surrendering their claims to citizenship, they forfeit their claims to the charity of their late fellow-citizens. They have had ample warning from our columns, that their country is not disposed to be chargeable with their risks. They need not be told that they are not exempted from fulfilling the ordinary responsibili- ties of their relationships in life, by an act of self- expatriation. Nor will they require any suggestion as to the best means of performing their duties. Their pay will be high. By receiving rations in addition, they will have little or no de- mand upon it, and what is not necessary for their own support, they will not be- grudge to the support of their fainilies. Colonel PITT himself is not authorised to make any provision in the matter, but tho least our own Government can do will be to secure from the Government of New Zealand some vehicle of com- munication from volunteers at Auckland to their dependent relatives in Victoria. For the relicts of those who shall not survive the war, it has been already announced that pensions have been set apart. This is the only available means at our disposal of escape from the dis- advantages of a bargain not of our own making, and from which in any way we shall reap but scant benefit:. As for the famines of the regulars, there cannot be a moment's hesitation as to the shoulders upon whom the burden of their sustenance should fall The Imperial Treasury will scarcely demur about taking care of the interests of the Imperial troops, and General CHUTE, there is little fear, will see his way readily, and without prompting, to such a representation of the subject as will best tally with the circumstances and the interests of the colony. The first detachment of the Victorian volun- teers for militia service and settlement in Auckland, consisting of four companies, or 200 men and their officers, musters this morning, at half-past nine o'clock, at the Spencer- street Railway Station, and will pro- ceed thence to the Williamstown Railway Pier for embarkation. The White Star line ship Star of India has been chartered, for thcir conveyance to Auckland. It is notified that as Colonel Pitt will be engaged in this service during the day, there will be no enrolment of volunteers to-day, but the work will be re- sumed to-morrow, at eleven o'clock. The hon Dillon Bell arrived on Saturday from Sydney and, in company with Colonel Pitt, will visit Castlemaine and Sandhurst on Thursday, and Geelong and- Ballarat on Saturday, for the purpose of receiving the names of volun- teers. An ordinary meeting of the Royal Society will be held this evening. It is intended to present a valedictory address to His Excel- lency Sir Henry Barkly, as president of the society. A final report will be brought np from the Exploration Committee. Professor Neumayer, it is expected, will give a descrip- tion of his apparatus for determining the length of the pendulum. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital thankfully acknowledges the receipt of £310s. from Mr. S. Brush, of Messrs. Brush and Mac- donnell, being the amount of commission received, from Messrs. Alex. Macfarian and Co., on the sale of an engine. The first stage in the competition among our volunteor riflemen preliminary to the selection of the Victorian ten, has been con- cluded, the seventh match having been fired at the Sandiidgo Butts on Saturday, The wind blow a gale, rendering good shooting an impossibility, so that the bad luck which has attended the Melbourne marksmen continued to the last. The highest score wasa made by Private Cole, of the Emerald-hill Rifles, who obtained eighty-six marks. The highest aver- age for the whole of the matches has been ob- tained by Sergeant Wright, of the Fitzroy Rifle Company, whose scoring equals eighty five marks per match/ The next contest is one in which the twenty highest scores among both the Melbourne and the country will take part, and it la looked forward to with muoh interest. Tho Municipality of Prahran can now boast of the possession of the finest public clock in the colony. This horological work has been erected in the tower of the Town-hall, and, from the size of the bells, and the position of the dials, it will be an advantage to all who reside within a, mile of the locality. There are four dials,-one for every cardinal point of the compass,; they are eight feet in diameter, they are placed at the summit of the tower- a height of 120ft.-and they thus command the country round. There are two bells- the one weighing 5cwt., and the other 3cwt.; the hours are struck on the former, the quarter hours on the latter, the distinction between the several quarters being a single, double, or triple " ting-tang." The clock em- braces all the most recent improvements in horology. The escapement is " half dead beat;" the pendulum-rod is of wood, fourteen and a-half feet long, with a bob weighing 3001b., and it makes one beat every two seconds ; the wheels are of gun metal, and the pinions are of hardened steel. There is an " expansion fly," to regulate the time in striking ; there is a " maintaining power " by which tlie clock can be kept going while being wound: and there is a dial which shows the time within the dock tower, and by which the exterior hands can be set. The weights are 4001b. and 450lb. respectively, and -as the clock is eight-day-the fall is some- thing like forty-two feet. The coil to which the weights are attached is a fifty-fonr strand iron corrugated wire. The works are so ar- ranged that one portion may be taken to pieces if necessary, without disturbing the remain- der. The clock has been manufactured and erected by Messrs. James Murray and Co., of Melbourne and London. The amount of the, contract was £440. The tower of the Prahran Town-hall is divided into six clambers, one above the other, each being about ten feet high. The topmost chamber is the dial-room ; the next is the bell-room; and the third is the clock-room, so that the me- chanism is about twenty feet below the dials. Substantial iron girders run across the clock-, room at a height of about four feet horn tbo floor, and it ia upon theso girders that the works are fixed. Tho fourth apartment is re- quired ¡for the oscillations of the pendulum, and-as well as the two lower rooms-for the fall of the weights. The note of the large bell is F sharp, that of the small bell E natural. It is believed that the present position of the bells will have to be altered, in order to allow of a batter escape of sound through the apertures of the tower. The large hell will be used as an alarm in case of fires. The cere- mony of formally delivering over the clock to the municipal council took place on Saturday afternoon. The machine having been wound up, Mr. Crews (the chairman of the munici- pality) at a few seconds before four o'clock, put the pendulum in motion, and the four strokes on the large bell, which immediately followed, told the people of Prahran that their town clock had commenced its work of measuring and recording time. Wine was then produced, aud " Success to the Prahran Town Clock," was drunk, this toast being followed by the healths of "The Chairman and Membeis of the Municipal Council," and "The Manufacturers of the Clock." We understand that the clock will be open for public inspection during the next fortnight between the hours of noon and four p.m. Mr. Candlor, the district coroner, held an inquest on Saturday, at Pentridge, upon the body of Eichard Jones, a prisoner of the Crown, detained in legal custody at Pentridge Stockade. Tho deceased was aged forty-two years, and was admitted on the 3td of Au- gust, 1859, under a seuteuce of fifteen years hard labour upon tho roads, for robbery accompanied with violonce. He bad been seycral times in the hospital for sickness, and the last time remained from the 25th inst. nntil ÜÍB death on the 27th inst. Mr. J. Rood, resident surgeon at tbo hospital, had made a post-mortem examination of the body, and found the cause of death was inflammation of the lungs. Virdict accordingly. The half-yearly meeting of tho Ovens Gold- fields Wotor Company, which was to have been held on Saturday, ia the company's offices, 64 Elizabeth-street, lapsed from the non-attendance of member*. There was no business done at the Rich- mond Police Court on Saturday. Thero was only one case on the police charge-Bheet, and that was postponed In consequenco of thoie having been only one magistrate, Captain M'Crae, in attendance. ' Thero were only a few small debt cases at the Emerald-hill Police Court on Saturday - and at Saudiidgo there was no couit, there having been neither police charges nor Bmall dobt cases to dispose of. The annual nomination of candidates to fill tho vacant seats in the Hawthorn Muni- cipal Council took place on Saturday, at the Tonn-hall, Hawthorn. Mr. D. M'Dougoll, chainnan of the municipality, presided, and about tiffy persons weio present. The coun- cillors retiring by rotation were Mr. M. O'Grady, Mr. Brugge, and Mr. D. Hill. Mr. O'Grady was the only one who offered himself for re-election, but four other candidates wera proposed, namely-Mr. E. A. Atkyns, Mr. Henry Box, Mr. Thomas Johnson, and Mr. JamcB PorguBEon. The show of bands was largely in favour of Mr. O'Grady, Mr. Atkyns and Mr. Box coming next in point of number A poll was demanded on behalf of the other candidates, which will take place to-day. An inquest was held on Saturday at Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, by the district coroner, upon the body of William H. Roberts, a lunatic, aged thirty two years, who died on Thursday last. Deceased was admitted to the asylum on the 5th July, 1862. He was then suffering from dementia, and was an epileptic. He had had numerous severe epileptic seizures, and had gradually lost all trace of intellect. He never became sensible after an attack of fits on the 17th inst. It appeared that he had received all necessary attention and medical comforts. In the opinion of Mr, J. Keene, surgeon, who had made the post-mortem ex- amination of the body, death had been caused by disease of the brain, and the jury found to that effect At the late meeting of the New South Wales Acclimatisation Society Dr. Bennett made the following interesting statement: He had completed tho purchase of the pair of those rare and valuable birds, the didun- culus, or tooth-billed pigeon of the Naviga- tors' Islands, at a very high price. He had bought them on his own account, for trans- mission to the Zoological Society of London. He would express his thanks to the council of this Society as well as to that of the Acclima- tisation Society of Victoria, for the liberal re- solutions passed by them to unite with him in the purchase, on account of the very high sum demanded for them, the ultimate object of which would be to send them to the same destination he intended; but, on reflection, he considered it more advisable and satisfactory to take the sole responsibility and expense. These birds were nearly, if not entirely ex- tinct, and were remarkable as forming a living example of the long extinct dodo, of which only the head and foot remained-the first in the Ashmolean Museum at Oxford, and the other in the British Museum. A cast trom this foot could be seen in the museum at Sydney. The only specimen of the didun- culus in Europe was in the possession, of Sir W. Jardine, and from it all the drawings and descriptions of the bird published in Europe had been mado. There were, also, it was said, two specimens in America, and those, with his (Dr. Bennett's) two living birds now in Sydney, were all at present known to exist. No living specimens bad ever been seen in Europe." Our telegrams from Sydney havo reported tho progress of a discussion in the Parliament of New South Wales on the state of the coun- try, the motion which occasioned it being re- garded by the Government as one of want of confidence. The debate terminated on Friday night in favour of the Ministry. Wo find from our files that tho motion (proposed by Mr. Martin) was ns follows:-"1. That, in the opinion of this House, the alarming state of insecurity for life and property which has so long prevailed throughout the country dis- tricts, is in a high degree discreditable to Her Majesty's Ministers in this colony. 2. That the conduct of Her Majesty's Ministers, in this colony, in the appointments to the magis tracy, and generally in connexion with the administration of justice, has been such as to call for the strong condemnation of this Houso. 3. That the foregoing resolutions be embodied in an address, and presented to his Excelloncy the Governor." The amendment (moved by Mr. Eagar), which alßo was nega- tived, was as follows:-"That all the words, after the first word ' That' be omitted, with a view to inserting in their place tho words, ' this House is of opinion that the manage- ment of the police of this colony, under tho new system established in connexion with the Police Regal at reta Act of 1862, has not been such as to securo pro- tection to life and property, or to afford satisfaction to this House aud to the public. " In. tho course of the debate, the management of the police foroc was strongly condetnneel by some of tho speakers. Mrr. Dangar mafle the I following remarks : -" He thought the In spector.gcnerafl.sof poheo ought to have been dismissed some considerable time ago,l»causo he was entitled to a large pension, audio was unfit to baat»the head of such a department His tjranny,"nnd wantief ability to awry oufe the act, made it quite trnc that he w« super!, seded, and then perhaps tho act would work» better than >tt did now. The new^Pefllce AUB* had not yet had a fair trial. It'had been1 much hampered by regulations, to the number of d80. The men sont for service tin the in- terior were generally too heavy : thoyought to be like those selected for stockmen, light in the saddlo. Tie also found fault with the way horses were purchased ÍE Sydce-y Ho blamed the Colonial Secretnry for ncrt using his authority»« a Minister to have the net canäed out in its integfily. With regard to .-tho old magistrates, he had known thom to appoint constifbleB with one eye, one arru, tene leg, anti so forth With regard to the appointment of officers', many of them were doubtless unsuitable to the work. Wbat did 3>roken down squatter* know about this military system-men who had been'accustomed to haymaking, and who never kadnjifle or o-sword in their hantls till appointed inspectors. Ile did not com- plain of the appointment of the nephew, and now' .son-in-law, of the hon. Seoretary Jar .Lands, but he did complain of him being ap- pointed in that district, ia which be bad for- merly sold hay and managed the farm for that bon. gentleman. The fact WJS, that be Lad disease of the heart, and could not conse- quently ride. He was removed to Parramatta, where ho could be always under the doctor's hands. Ctptain Battye and In- pector Single- ton bad also been removed, and it was of the. removal of such old and experienced officers that ho complained. Then the correepoud ence,that the inspectors had to keep up occupied nearly the whole of their time. If a robbery took place now, or even if a murder wera committed, the constables were required to ask their superior officers beforo they.wont in pursuit. The magistiates in the interior had, bo maintained, a great deal to do in rendering the new act n failure, and ever since the act had beon passed more or less ill feeling had prevailed. The magistrates did all they could t > obstruct the act." The do bato led to occasional scenes of tho following character;-Mr. Sutherland interrupted Mr. Leary, and said a statement that liou. mem-i ber had made was ' a lie.' " Mr. Leary.-I do' not know wbat the hon. member means. Mr Speaker,-It is very disorderly. Mr. Leary. I do not think the lion, member means that I have' told a lie. Mr. Sutherland -I do not state) that the bon. member said a lie, but that what was stated was a lie. It was not true, and therefore it must be a Ho. Mr. Speaker. The hon. gentleman will reserve his observa- tions until the bon. member for Narellan haB concluded his speech. It Is very un- parliamentary thus to interrupt, and espe- cially in such language." Tho National Bank Bill was read a third time and passed in the Legislative Council of South Australia, on the 25th instant. Some amendments made by the Council, however, have still to be considered by the Assembly. A bill, to legalize marriage with a deceased, wife's sister, has been agreed to by the Legis- lative Assembly of South Australia. The South Australian Government propose to spend a turn of £35,000 on immigration during the financial year 1863-4. They do not propose to send agents to represent the colony in England. We have our intercolonial files to the fol- lowing dales:-Sydney,20th; Brisbane,22nd, Rockhampton, 18th ; and Adelaide, 2Gth inst'. We hayo also dales from Nelson to the 13th, and Taranaki to tho 6th iiibt. [ In a lecture, recently delivered in London by Mr. Bagot, a barristor-at-law.in opposition to the views of Mr. Goldwin Smith as to the valuo of colonies to the mother country, it is stated that in 1660 the averngo of the land sold in Victoria was 27s. per acre-, in New South Wales, 20s. ljd. ; in South Australia, 23s. 2d. ; and in Canada, 3s. lid. With reference to some remarks respecting etching on glass by means of fluoric acid, in a lecture by Dr. Macadam, recently delivered at Ballarat, a correspondent says :-" I have in my possession one of the finest designs over made in this way-a plate of glass having a tomb, surmounted by an urn, and over- shadowed by a cypress, and a female figure weeping over the urn. On the front of the tomb is the word 'Scheele,' the name of the celebrated Swedish chemist, the discoverer of the acid. This plate was in my father's pos- session in 1816. It is a French design ; and of all the numerous specimens of engraved glass that I have seen it is theo finest. Many attempts have been made to obtain impres- sions from glass plates, by embedding them in stucco so as to stand the pressure, but unsuc- cessfully, besides the difficulty of shading and producing delicate effects. Hence the method was soon given up. The acid vapours are now commonly used in Melbourno to etch scrolls and other figures of a white ground on plates of stained glass." The inquiry into the circumstances attend- ing the death of the woman who was drowned in the river, adjoining the Queen's Wharf, on Monday last in so mysterious a manner, was on Saturday resumed and.completed before Dr. Youl, the city coroner. The further evi- dence taken was as follows :-William Davis deposed,-I saw the deceased woman on Sun day morning last, at about eight o'clock. She ran down the lane from Flinders- lane to Flinders-street, and turned to the right, towards the Hotham Hotel. She was not alone, but was running after a man, who was running away from her. I picked out Russell as the man from a number of others, but I cannot swear it was him. I never saw the woman before ; she was then dressed in a green dress. John Duross, de- tective constable, stated,-I have been em- ployed in this case. I have been unable to get the deceased identified. After cautioning Russell, I asked him where he lived. He told me correctly. I traced him in connexion with the woman Keene, but not the deceased. I went to the Australian Boardinghouse, and found that Russell had been there from Sa- turday night until dinner time the next day, when he left. I traced him to the Haymarket Hotel, where he was in company with a man named M'Pherson, a shoemaker ; and further traced him until midnight on Sunday night, when he left the Limb Inn, in Elizabeth strcet. He was then pretty drunk, and was taken into custody about an hour afterwards. Every effort has been made to trace tho de- ceased, but without success. She was a woman about thirty years of age. I have been nightly about this part of the town, and have not seen the deceased walking the streets by night. The maa Frederick Russell, who had been detained in custody to await the result of the inquest, was then sworn, and deposed,-I left the Lamb Inn, in Elisabeth-street, on the night of Sunday last, at about midnight I was drunk. I went down Eliaabath street to the Post-oflice, and then into Swanston-street, and to Prince's Bridge. I met the deceased near the Freemasons' Hotel, in Swanston-street. She said "Good night, my dear ;" and asked me if I was going home. I walked with her over Prince's Bridge, and then came back, as she said it was so dirty. We then walked down past the railway station. She talked loud, but did not appear to he drunk. I do not recollect seeing the constable. I thought the woman waa making st, fool of me, in not taking me to her house, and walked away from her. She said something, which I think was, "Come on, it its not far.'' We wont down where the lime-bags are, I walking first. On looking back I saw her hat on the wharf, and she was in the act of throwing off her shawl. She did so, and before I could prevent her, jumped into the, river. I looked, but could see nothing of her, or I should have jumped in -after her. I was stepping down to give the alarm when the constable arrived. I am quite sure that I never saw her before that night.- She was rambling in what she said, and I could not well understand her. Upon this evidence the jury returned a verdict "That the deceased woman, of name un- known, waa drowned in-the River Yarna, at the wharf, on tho 24th inst. ; and there is not sufficient' evidence before the jury to-show how and by what means she came into the water." The prisoner Russell was then dis- charged from custody. Social circles have hardly yet recovered from the whirl of eccitemetit attedant upon the Mayor's ball. The gentlemen may fairly claim to be somewhat " used up'" for a time. The ladies, whom no exertions of the kind ever tire, are revelving their conquests, comparing notes of the dresses, and inciting their friends to arrange for a return festivity. Everywhere 'tis admitted in conversation that, apart from the brilliancy of the scene, there never was such an enjoyable entertain- ment given in the city before. As near as can be ascertained, the guests present in fancy costume were in excess of 1,400 ; the number of invitations issued was 2,450. It seems more than probable that there will be a revival of the plea- sures of the evening. Severnl gen- tlemen who have interested themselves in promoting a return ball have found their pro- posals received with unanimous favour, and probably we shall soon be able to make a more definite announcement. The proposi- tion is for a number of gentlemen to sub scrihe for the expenses, the subscribers to invite each a certain number of guests. A considerable sum has been already guaran- teed, and by to-morrow it is expected that the expenses will have been secured. One hundred gentlemen, at a subscription of £10 each, are to be obtained. It has become quite a fashion te have portraits taken in the fancy costume worn, and thus to secure a record of the event. Tho weekly returns of the Melbourne gaols, show a total of 276 persons- detained there 213 males, and 63 females. These are classi- fied as follows :-Awaiting trial at the Su- preme Court, 29 ; under remand from magis- trates, 14 ; belonging to another station, ii ; road-gang, 19 ; hard labour, 94; imprisonment only, 97; lunatics, 11 (of these there are seven female lunatics in the Western Gaol and four male lunatics in the Central Gaol) ; in default of ball, 12 ; debtors, 8. A bill has been read a second time in the Queensland Parliament for the protection of imported game. The number of visitors to the museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology applied the mining, agriculture, and the arts, during fine week ending 29th August was 715\. The museums are open to the public daily (Sundays excepted), from ten am. till five p.m., in the north side of the university. The second subscription conceit of the Orpheus Union for tho present season will take place, in St. George's Hall, this evening Judging from the success which attended the last performance, and the choice programme set before the public on this occasion, a very large audience may be expected. The amateur dramatic clubs of Melbourne have combined for the pu i pose of giving a complimentary performance to Miss Julia Mathews, at tho Princess's Theatre, on the 17th of September, upon which occasion it is also intended to make a presentation to that young lady. The pieces selected aro tho " Irish Heiress "and "FraDlavolo." A ball takes place in St. George's Hall to- morrow evening, in aid of the Prince of Wales Cricket Club. It has been arranged that fanoy dresses will bo admitted. Mr. T. P. Hill gives the second of his Mon- day evening entertainments, in the Mechanics' Institute, this evening. The subject may be briefly described as " oratory." Tho illustra- tions aro of the most varied character, and the entertainment cannot fail to be both instructive and amusing. Tho Parliament and the press of Queens- land have been busy with the old question of " privilege." We find the following passage in the report of the proceedings of the As- sembly on the 19th inst.:- "Mr. Taylor rose to a question of privilege, and stated that in an article which had appeared in the Queens- land Daily Guardian, headed "Decrease of Aboriginals," he had been untruthfully re- ported and unfairly treated. The clerk of the House having read the article referred to, Mr, Taylor moved, that in tho opinion of this House, Mr. George Wright, printer and publisher of the Queensland Daily Guardian, had been guilty of a breach of pri- vilege. The Colonial Secretary seconded the motion. Mr. Douglas hardly thought that the hon. member had made out a case. The Colonial Secretary was of opinion that the article referred to was a breach of the privi- leges of that House. De. Chailinor thought that the article in question only drew a fair inference from the words spoken by the hon. member (Mr, Taylor.) Mr, Lilley was of opinion that the writer of the article had drawn conclusions to which he was not justi- fied by the premises. He (Mr. Lilley) would, however, advise the hon. member for the Western Downs to withdraw the motion, seeing that his distinct denial of the truth of the statements would be quite sufficient to rebut tbem. Mr. Taylor had no wish to press the matter, and would consent to withdraw the motion, on the condition that some sort of apology should be made by the printer and publisher of the paper." The subject then dropped, but the journal has not yet apolo- gised. An inquest was held at the morgue on Sa- turday, by Dr. Youl, upon the body of Wil- liam Phair, who was found drowned in the river alongside the Australian Wharf on the 27th inst. Mr. J. Phair identified the body as that of his brother, who was the assistant- superintendent of the city abattoirs at Flemington. The last time witness had seen him was on the 7th inst, when he met him in Collins-street. He was then in good health, and quite sober. He believed deceased had never been to his lodgings since that date. On Monday last, as he was not heard of, his office was filled up. Witness made every inquiry about the deceased, but could learn nothing about him. He had received his salary the day witness met him, and had cashed the cheque, which was for £12 4s., and he knew deceased had spent out of that £8. Mr. J. Reilly, city surveyor, also deposed he saw the de- ceased on the day named by last witness. He was then well and sober. He said he had been absent once or twice from his office. Witness recommended him to go home in good time, and avoid complaints. He answered, "No fear ; I have made up my mind not to drink any more." Mr. H. W. Manuel, the su- perintendent of the City Abattoirs, stated he hail given the deceased leave to go to town on the 7th intt. He waa to return tbat night. He had never seen him since alive. He used to stay away a day or two on drawing his monthly salary, and occasionally appeared on his return as though he had been drinking. Edward V. Blackmore, a clerk, said he was well acquainted with the deceased. He saw him last alive on tho 15th inst. He did not speak to him, bat nodded to him. ? Deceased was tben in tke Rainbow Hotel, Swanston street. He was quite sure that it was Phair, and had told his brother of having seen him. He saw him through the doors, and was not close to him. Since this, he had seen the barman of the Rainbow, who was equally well acquainted with Phair. He stated that Phair was not there on the 15th inst. Eugene Gallican, a sailor on board a French ship lying in the river, stated he was the watchman between the hours -of twelve and one o'clock at night on the 8th inst. He then saw the body of a man alive, and struggling in the water, float past the ship. He was quite sure it was a man. He saw his cap float away, and saw one arm out of the water. Witness threw him a line, but the swimmer failed to catch it. He swam for -some time before witness lost sight of him. He did not call out. There were no other persons -about. Witness heard no noise or quarrelling upon the bank. Charles Crisp, police-sergeant, deposed he received informa- tion that the body of a man was iu the Yarra near the Australian Wharf. He at once removed it to the morgue. It was much de- composed. On searching, he found £1 8s. 6d. upon the body. He bad received informa- tion from the last witness of having seen a man float past the ship on the 8th inst. The body of the deceased was found on the 27th inst., about 500 yards below the spot where the man was seen by last witness. The jury found that the "deceased was found dead, and floating in the Yarra on the 27th inst., and there is no evidence before the jury to show how he came to his death." The fdHowing letter,'-which appears in The Times, h*o refercncei-to a paragraph which, lately werai, the roaniiasf tho press:-"As we Jcnow you are alwayo desirous that the in ifcrmationjyou give rto the public»ohould ba,' inovery re-pect cewrect, we think it right to inform you that it was two years «ince a' skeletori wt3 found on-hoard Means. Green's, ship Result, in the East] India Docks, aud not a/day or two ago, ln stated in a paragraph xeferrlng Ihireto in your impression of to dey. We are, sir, your obedient sériants, F. Green and Co. London, 72 Cornhill,,June 15." Tlie good sbjp Result, as onr readers arc aware, reached Hobson's iBay on Saturday last;, -after u remarkably fino passag« of seventy-one daye to the Otway. A burglary was committed at an early hour on yesterday morning, at the Harp of Erin Hotel, Madeline-street, North Melbourne. The house had been left securely fastened when the inmates retired to bed. at one o'clock, and between that time and half-past six, a pane of glass was broken in the back windows, and the entrance effected. The only property stolen was a leather pocket book, which for- tunately contained nothing but papers. A correspondent, who signs himself "A Victim,"-asks what has become of the sub- scriptions rigorously collected on behalf of the "Melbourne Missionary Society?" The same question has been asked respecting other funds collected, ostensibly for religious pur- poses, but without bringing out any satis- factory reply. It will be well if the public resolutely close their pockets against all appeals of this kind. , Soveral boats' ,erews were out practising on the Yarra on Saturday afternoon, and there was a scratch matth amongst the members of tho Ariel Club. The day, however, was by no means favourable for rowing, as the sur taco of the water was unusually rough, and a keen wind blew from the west mid north west. The match was in four-oared boots (batswings), and there were three entries, the captains of tho respective crows being Mr. Nichols, Mr. Mitchell, and Mr. Wilkinson Tho course was from Prince's-bridge to Brander's Ferry. Only two boats rowed at a time, the winner in the first heat having afterwards to compete with tho third boat Mr. Nichols's crew beat both tho othors with comparative case. Tho members of the winning crew, besides the captain, were Rolls Bowo, Newell, and J. Williams (stroke). The prizes contended for were "powteis." On Saturday, tho 12th of September, some pair-oared races will take placo among6t the members of the same club, for two silver cups, given hy Mr. James Ainslie, the president, Sixteon members have en- tered their names as competitors. Touch- ing tho intercolonial match, it appears that tho committee appointed to select the Sydnoy team have choson Galbraith, Connor, Don- nelly, and Cronan ; but as at least three of | these aro professional watermen, the Mel- bourne crew object to competo with them, the conditions of tho match restricting the rowers on both sides to amateurs. A meeting of tho intercolonial committee will bo held at MarsbaU's Hotel, on the subject, on Wednes- day evening. Tho illusion slill holds possession of the | stago at the Haymarket Theatre, and on Sa- turday evening a now effect was produced in tho rather antiquated drama of "Tho Bleeding Nun of Lindonberg." In the management of Professor Pepper's invention a high degree of success Jias been achieved at the Haymarket, and the nightly appearances of the spectres thero aro really well worth witnessing. Of tho drama itself, which was of course pro duced because of tho facilities it affords for the introduction of ghost-like effects, nothing more need be said than that it was very weU played.'tho different characters having been efficiently filled. Tho programme of the evening also' embraced the first two acts of "Robert Macaire," with Mr. Simmonds as Jacques Strop, and tbe comic drama of " Jack Robinson and his Monkey." There was also a inid-day entertainmont at this theatre, and the bill of fare for the occasion was au attrac- tive ono, embracing as it did the ghost scenes from " The Castle Spectre," the pärformance of Mr. J3ark>w*s trained dogs and monkeys, and the hallet of *' Vol-au-vent." The management of (ha Princess's Theatre is certainly unsparing in the matter of novel- ties. On Saturday evening, the burlesque founded upon the pathetic story of Lord Bate- man was produced; and this evening, wo are promised the representation of Mr. Tom Tay- lor's new drama "The Ticket of-leavo Man." The Polytechnic Institute now offers a new attraction, in the shape of a monologue, which is produced nightly by Mr. Love, a son, it is said, of "the original polyphonist." The en- tertainment chiefly consists of a narrative of a day's adventure in the old country, with portraits of the oddities encountered, these portraits beiog supplied in Mr. Love's own proper person, and with the most astonishing rapidity. One moment we have Mr. Love in evening dress, when suddonly the gentleman disappears behind a tablo, and then wo have a hypochondriac, an exquisite, an antiquary, a loquacious lady, or a political tinker, as the casa may be-the disguise, with regard as well to voice as to costumo and facial expression, bclngascomplcte as can be desired ; and all this ia interlarded and followed by some clevor ven triloquinl displays. The imitations of the sounds proceeding from tho use of carpenters' and other toole, omelet to frying, door on ak ing, &o.;, are. all very remarkable ; but perhaps Mr. Love's most successful feat is that of carrying on a conversation at one time with four mythical personages of diverse age and disposition. The only exception that can be taken to' Mr. Love's performance is with regard to its length. An hour and an half is too much for what is after all a supplementary entertainment, and leaves an audience with little time or inclination for listening to Mr. Vazie Simons' popular discourses on " Buhm korffs induction coil," or for making them selves acquainted with the other matters of interest exhibited at the Polytechnic. We may add that some very good singing and pianoforte playing is executed by Miss Geral- dine Warden, by way of interlude during the progress of Mr. Love's performance. The Theatre Royal was filled to overflowing on Saturday evening. The performancia con- sisted of two of Shakespeare's comedies, "Twelfth Might" and "Taming the Shrew,*' each supported bv the same excellent cast of the characters which has so weil earned the approval of true lovers of legitimate comedy On Saturday evening " Twelfth Night" played more briskly, and its comic element was dis- played to more advantage in the humours of Sir Toby, Sir Androw, Malvolio, and the olowa, than on the first nights of its repre- sentation, while Mrs. R. Heir enacted Viola with such grace and spirit as should place her ?far Ibayond all ©thor actresses that have yet appeared in Australia, in this or any similar .character.' " Taming the Shrew," with Mr, ?Barry Sullivan as. Petruchie», was tho after ipicce of the evening, and was probably re- st-wed till the last as a bonne bouche to appease ' tire god?, in case any contretemps had interfered with the production of what the illBdescribed as "Professor tTepper's astounding ghost effect," whidh was shown in tho interval bo tween the two comedies, as a bowl of 'tead and -milk might Ibe served between tiie courses of -cn elegant and otherwise .well appointed dinner. Tt may be that when tho "ghoet effect" ÍB thoroughly brought under subjection to the dramatic art, it may ) lend someChing to the illusion of scenes which, tunderpresent circumstances failtto render any Bemblurice-.of what the imagination could re- cognise as'tho appearance of the supernatural* fbut at preeent it «loes not appear to be suffi- ciently under control. Itiis true that on-Satur iky evening-, the -expected effects of the pro- duction of corporeal similitudes we» there, and therefore the ,public had the opportunity .of seeing "Professor Pepper's astounding ghost effeat^" but eui bono, except it "fee rer ,ge.rded as an "nsfounefing" novelty? The management, iprobably looking icbiefly rta the ludicrous in a "ghost effect," has produecd it in-a comic garb, as follows:-AotiBltort» the Mayor's Fancy Dre-s Bali, :nama »not givem., is supposed to find hlmielf lit A Jlato houtr on Thursdoy night, or rather ono of "stke small hoare" on Friday moi ning, clamouring for a bed at some hostel try, Ideality not stated. This personBge (represented by Mc. Ireland, and elad in fancy dr est military at I tire) tells the landlord that he liaijuet escaped i the hands of the police, who have, however« J captured one of his less foiiinuato com- rades, and borne the latter o ff to durance vile. He declares ho wants a »bed, and will have one. The landlord protests, and vows he has only one room vacant, and that is said to bo bauntcd. The thoroughly "tired soldier, bold and brave," says ito will ibrave all spirit'«, and asks to be shown to this room, where he further requests to be in- formed if there oro any.bottlcd spirits to be had. Having retired to rest, his dreams are disturbed by a visitation of two figures, evidently flesh and blood, like the sleepen and a portion of tho audience began to be impatient. The good sense of tho majority, however, restrained any unpleasant manifesta- tions, and presently the scene changes to another room in £ho inn, where tho visitor insists upon the landlord, noient volcns, accom- panying him back to the haunted bedroom. Arrived there, the "ghost effect" of the two mortal figures formerly seen, appears, and the quasi milifary hero, drawing his sword, tushes npon them, cutting through and through them, but of course finds they do not resist, his ' sword more than the empty air. Theso disappear, and are succeeded by the "ghosts" of two mombers of the prize ring, who engage in a gallant contest at iieti cuflV, in. which our hero and the landlord j oin them, but only to inflict hard knocks upon each other, the spirits being impervious to the muscular influences of a blow, however well meant, aud however stralghtly delivered from the shouldor. Presently, tho ourtain falls upon the scene, and tho fifteen minutes with the spirits is supposotl to hove elapsed. The affair lasted scarcely ten minutes, but it was fully long enough in all respects but this, that It appeared fully to satisfy popular de- mands, for Mr. Barry Sullivan wits clamour ouslycalled before tho curtain to receive the acclamations of an immense audience, grati- fied by an " astounding ghost effect." BALACLAVA.-The libel action brought by Lord Cardigan against Colonel Calthorpe ended on Wednesday, June 10, for the defend- ant. The' Chief Justice refused tho rule, principally on tbo grounds that tho Karl had nut come first of all to the court, but had striven to obtain redress from other quarters ; that great delay had occurred ; and that Colonel Oa-lthorpa had destroyed tho remain- ing copies of tho edition complained of. Lord Cardigan, however, though he has lost his ease,' has^ gained his end, which was to havo the facts of his conduot in the Balaclava charge stated by witnesses upon oath. They wert* BO btated, and there cannot bo a doubt that he gallopped at the head of his men up to tho battery, ond through tho battery,, aud did not return till,his presenca was visibly useless. Why he did not take tho same sicp before, instead of scolding Colonel Calthorpe from his place iu the Lords, it is not easy to understand.-Spectator. 