ORANGE DOINGS IN ARMAGH. lne pnmatial eity has been long renowned for celebrating July in a manner quite conformable to all Orangemen's wishes ; pleasing enough to the moBt rabid ; but the very opposite to their neigh bour professing a different faith. The 1st of July, i 1863, was, of course, like other years, with the ex- j ception that they found their numbers greatly on i the decreased scale and their Catholic brethren, they were sorry to see, somewhat elevated from what they were in bye-gone years, both in numbers and respectability. Although they felt chagrined, they would not allow the glorious month, bo full of interesting events, to pass without some Bigns to show that there were still, as of old, some followers of Orange bigotry— that there were still adherers to that nefarious combination, and that they defied the law that would order them to the contrary. Ac cordingly, they gathered as many as they could, took out their drums, provided themselves with piatols, or whatever weapon s they could, and sallied out. That night the air was rent with cheers, and sounds of drums, and music of flutes and fifes, and anon shots were fired to add to the tumult. That night the Catholics slept not much, but were kept in a state of alarm, and all these demonstrations were continued the whole night long. Even at half-past seven o'clock on the morning of the 2nd, a young scamp had the audaoity to take and fire a shot in English street, the principal one in the town ; and what think you, was doBe on- him ? Simply, nothing. Surely this is too bad. But, bad though it be, it is rot the worst, for it is enough to have to suffer these unseemly displays ; nevertheless, it is far worse for you to have to bear the blame of your being their instigator. Yet so it is. In Belfast in a daily contemporary of this week there appeared a paragraph headed ' July An mversanes,' in which it was stated that ' whatever would be the end of those displays, it was the Rib. bonmen were to blame,'' for they were the com mencers. Now, this is not a fact. Does the writer know that the Orangemen about Armagh were beating drums for the last month and more almost every evening? Is the 'Correspondent' aware that the so-called ' Ribbonmen'' never even ventured to play music until provoked the evening before by the Orangemen ? and, finding there was no means taken to sfcop them, they, of course, were outraged at seeing them defy the law and march with impunity ; therefore, they did go, and twice only this year did they imitate their Protestant - brethren, who played whenever they pleased. And ! then, because they did so, there was a hawl made ' by the Orange 'Correspondent,1 'lay ing down all to | their charge. On Thursday morning last the fol- j lowing infamous placard was posted up through the j town, emanating from some unknown : — ?' TO THE PB0TE3TANTS OF ARMAGH— &LOBIOXTS; j DEMONSBATKW. j ' It is with pleasure that the Protestants f j Armagh can contemplate this fact—that the Roman '? Catholics of this city and neighbourhood have become so far changed that they are now taking the i lead in nightly celebrating, with fife and drum, the glorious commemorations of July. Surely, the Anti- Procession A«t may now be abolished.' i The object of this may easily be Been. j , I thought it might be well to let the publio know '? how Urangeiam ft warneu ra ittffagu ouS' ... vicinity. I am credibly informed that there are four Orange flags on Loughgall Church. — Corres pondent of Ulster Observer. A Ghost Story.— A young German lady (still living) had arrived with a party of friends at one of the most renowned hotels in Paris, and occupied, for her part, ac apartment on the first floor furnished with unusual magnificence. Here she laid awake, long after the hotel was wrapt in slumber, contemplating, by the faint glimmer of her night-lamp, the costly objects in the room until, suddenly, the folding doors opposite her bed, which she bad secured, flew open, and the chamber wa» filled with a bright light, as of day. In the midst of this, there entered a handsome young man in the undress uniform of the french navy, having his hair dressed in the peculiar mode a la Titus. Taking a chair from the bedside, he plctced it in the middle of the room, sat down, took from his pocket a pistol with a remarkable red butt and lock, put it to his forehead, and firing, fell back apparently dead. Simultaneously with the explo sion, the room became dark and still, but a low Boft voice uttered theBe words: — *« Say an Ave Maria for his soul' The young lady had fallen back, not insensible, but in a far more painful state — a kind of cataleptic trance, thus remained fully conscious of all she imagined to hare occurred, but unable to move tongue or hand until 7 o'clock on the following morning, at which hour, her maid, in obedience to orders, knocked at the door. Find ing that no reply was given, the maid went away and returned at 8, in .company with another domestic, and repeated her summons. Still no answer, — and again, after a little consultation, the poor young lady was delivered over for another hour to her agonised thought. At nine the doors were forced— and, at the same moment the power of speech and movement returned. She shrieked out to the attendants that a man bad shot himself there some hours before, and still Jay upon the floor. Observing nothing unusual, they concluded it was the excitement consequent upon some terri ble dream. She was, therefore, placed in another apartment, and. with great difficult; persuaded that the scene she so minutely described had no foundation in reality. Half-an*hour later, the hotel proprietor desired an interview with a gen tleman of the party, and declared that the scene bo strangely re-enaoted had actually occurred three nights before. A young French officer had ordered the best room in the hotel, and there terminated his life, using for the purpose a pistol answering the description mentioned. The body and the weapon still lay at the Morgue for identification, and the gentleman, proceeding thither, saw both — the head, of the unfortunate man exhibiting tbe -( Titus' crop and the wound in the forehead, as in the Vision. — Spider's Strange Things, Dr. Gray, of the Dublin Freeman's Journal, hap' received thu honour of kii^ii I). ??;'. Ilr Uivy. it, way l-t; mentioned, is Lroibvr t» Mi. Wiihou Uiay ol Melbourne. 