EDINBURGH ETCHINGS. SKETCHES OF PLACES AND PERSONS IN AND ABOUT AULD REEKIE. BY PETER 'POSSUM. THE GRASSMARKET AND WEST BOW. THERE is a good deal to interest the tourist in the Grassmarket, an open oblong overlooked by old buildings — old for the most part — above which towers on one side Heriot's Hospital, a rich pile of turreted grey stone which Time has gracefully touched, but not in the slightest degree crumbled ; whilst, far higher, on the other side rises the frowning furrowed Castle Rock. In that quadrangle many a Covenanter has sung psalms upon the scaffold. From a dyer's pole hard by the "gallows-stone " the corpse of Porteous dangled. If the visitor have a morbid taste for sanguinary sensation, he can see the houses of Burke and Hare, and the pas- sage along which those human carcase- butchers were in the habit of carrying out for sale the corpses of their victims. In the Grassmarket also — strange contrast — may be seen the "land" in which the Man of Feeling was born. The White Hart still stands — frequented, however, by a very different class of customers from those who used to patronise it. The waters of the Bow-foot well still flow, although the masonry above them is modern. But where, oh, where, is the West Bow ? The picturesque, histori- cal, tortuous thoroughfare has been almost obliterated by pitiless "improvers." Gone are the old Templars' lands with the cross upon their gables. Prim modern buildings have taken the place of the old houses adorned with quaint or pious inscriptions in lanky letters. The continuity of the West Bow is destroyed. You no longer have to toil up a Z, but mount some steps, shortly after leaving the Bow-foot, and almost imme- diately find yourself at the Bow-head. The place is so changed that it is hard to picture Mrs. Howden, Miss Grizel Damahoy, Peter Plumdamas, Bartolina Sad- dletree, and Butler, ascending the hill after Porteous's reprieve. Depart ye modern piles for a time, vanish into thin air, and in your places come the old buildings of the Bow. Here stands the house of the Jacobite Lord Provost of Edinburgh, in 1745, a house as full as a rabbit-warren of concealed holes and passages. The Highlanders hold all Edinburgh except the castle. Prince Charlie and his staff pay the Provost an evening visit. The governor of the castle hears of it, and dispatches a body of soldiers to seize the Pretender. They break into the house, but the prince and his attendants are nowhere to be seen. They have been thrust by their host into what seems to be a cabinet, and find it to be the head of a secret stair which leads them to the streets and safety. The house was afterwards occupied by Donaldson the bookseller, who used to pirate English books as American pub- lishers do now, without even paying the conscience- money which the Yankee robbers occasionally dis- burse. It is a curious illustration of Scotch want of familiarity with classical literature, that when the Rambler was reprinted in Edinburgh all the Latin mottoes were translated. The son of this Donaldson was the founder of Donaldson's Hospital — that mag- nificent caricature of charity. We pass on, and come to a kind of marine store shop, in which the execu- tioner of Porteous bought a guinea's worth of rope to hang him with. Over the way stands a stone build- ing bearing on its brow this legend — "He Yt Tholis Overcommis — a manly motto which many a Scotch- man has adopted, and thereby gained fame and fortune. Longfellow's quatrain merely dilutes the old Scotch saying — "Oh, faint not in a warld like this, And thou shall know ere long — Know how sublime a thing it is To suffer and be strong." A wooden tenement called the Mahagany Land, but apparently not built of mahogany, next attracts our attention, and then we come to a house of which the sign is a gilt moon, made to revolve by clockwork — the house of a famous French watchmaker, Paul Romieu ; who, like the ancestors of the silk-weavers whose southern names seem so out of place in sunless Spitalfields, was driven across the Channel by the re- vocation of the Edict of Nantes. In Domino confido is thee motto on the house in which the dreary dances — dances which Goldsmith witnessed and contrasted with the frolicksome figures of ould Erin — the dreary dances of Auld Reekie's old assemblies came off. The martyr-like motto was not out of place in an Edinburgh ball-room in the bigoted old times in which a besotted mob thought dancing a device of the devil and assaulted dancers with red-hot spits. The West Bow used to be famous for the starch of its inhabitants sanctimoni- ousness. The "godly plants of the Bowhead" they were called. One of them, a town officer, took a blackbird into custody for whistling a Jacobite's air on Sunday. At the Bow-head we may see with other eyes than the mind's a remnant of the old thorough- fare down which the Covenanters were dragged and driven to glorify God in the Grassmarket, the narrow lane in which the plume of Dundee has cast its shadow, — along which Kings, and an upsetter of kings, Oliver the Great, have ridden in state, on each side of which workers in metal used to keep up a deafening clatter, and in the middle of which the daggers they manufactured were often drawn in deadly strife. At the corner of the lofty-landed Lawnmarket — facing the graceful spire of the Assembly Hall, and taking a sleepy-side glance at Dr. Guthrie's church — bulges over the road- way an old-gabled wooden house, whose rough- hewn pillars and projecting stories contrast strangely with the cleanly-cut architecture of the two modern buildings near which it stands or totters. A most picturesque old pile it is, but perilous. Ere long it must come down, and with it will be destroyed the one or two other old houses of the Bowhead, and then all things will have become new and uninteresting in the West Bow. The modern houses of course will be- come ancient in time, and may have legends linked to them. The by-gone life that seems so romantic to us, no doubt, to those who lived it, seemed just as commonplace as ours appears. Nevertheless, I mourn the mutilations of the old West bow, and shall grieve still more when the last remnant of it lies on the ground a dusty heap of stone and metal, timber, lath and plaster. Just behind the old wooden house of which I have spoken, there is a "land" whose upper "flat" has a decorated roof, contains a font, and was once the chapel of the Order of St. John. Just below the old hose stands a remnant of another, reputed in former times to be the chapel of the Devil. I do not know whether Major Weir's ghost still walks, but long after his death the inhabitants of the West Bow believed as firmly that his house was haunted as that the waters of the Bow-foot well bubbled. At night, when only a dim oil-lamp or two and a few candles glimmered in the Bow, the spectre of a tall, grim-faced man, wearing a sad-coloured cloak, and carrying a black staff, was seen flitting about the street, occasionally stopping to look up, with eyes red as live coals, at the dark win- dows of the deserted house. The spectre would vanish, and suddenly a lurid light would blaze from every pane of the accursed mansion. Glimpses might be caught of evil spirits dancing with it ; howls, as of those suffering the tortures of the lost, echoed from its walls ; and then all was still again, save for an eerie noise that sounded like the hum of countless spinning-wheels. Sometimes wrapt in a cloak of flame, the Major rode back to the nether regions, mounted on a headless black horse. At other times a coach and six would stop at the head of the close in which the haunted house stood. The coach was not empty. Satan was in it. He had come to convey and convoy to his kingdom the ghosts of Weir and sister, after a night spent in the house they pollu- ted whilst alive with mutual sin. Such were the tales told in the Bow for a hundred years after the execu- tion of the wretched sinners, or raving maniacs ; and personal experience exhausted, the narrative would go on to tell how when Weir was at the height of his reputation as an immaculate Bow-head saint, he could not pray unless he had his hand on his black staff ; how this magic wand could answer the door, run messages for its master, and carry a link before him ; and how when it was burnt with its master at Greenside, it wriggled like a snake. Nor were stories lacking of the miserable sister who wanted to strip herself, to die as shamefully as pos- sible, when about to be hinged in the Grassmarket ; how she had owned herself a witch, and confessed that she had been driven to Dalkeith, in company with the Devil and her brother, in a chariot of fire ; how, when she spun, the yarn snapt singed beneath the touch of her fingers, how suddenly an awful horseshoe mark would appear upon her brow — a sign that she had become possessed of second-sight. A strange story is that of Major Weir and his sister. Heaven only knows whether they did any of the wicked things of which they accused them- selves. The morbid state of mind — once so inex- plicably epidemic — which made them accuse them- selves of witchcraft may have made them accuse themselves as groundlessly of gross immoralities. At any rate, their guilt was firmly believed in by their superstitious contemporaries, and by more than one generation afterwards. When the house had been long shut up an ex-soldier, very fond of whisky, volunteered to inhabit the haunted mansion at a low rent. A crowd assembled to see the man and his wife enter the gloomy close — put the rusty key into the rusty lock, around whose wards dust had gathered, and over whose key-hole spiders had spun undisturbed for many a year — and push back upon its creaking hinges the heavy door off which the paint had peeled. The wife, no doubt, shared the husband's taste for strong waters, and both probably that night took more than their usual quantum to keep their courage up. The result was that they gave up the key of the house next morning to the landlord, declaring that they would not live, even rent-free, in a tenement in which the devil had appeared to them in the formidable form of a calf. They were not scientific enough to pooh- pooh the apparition with "graminivorous- rumina- ting ;" and so for half a century more Major Weir's house was reconsigned to silence and solitude. 