INSBCUIUTV AMI) IJlWI'llMTlil) STATE of BAtliOBST OAdLi-^'AJveriihfi| 16 the lato escape 6t prisoners,; llio VreePrcsfof Satur duy reinorlis :— Wbiltit iiiveBtigating the circumstances ntlonding thi) escape of the livo pViaone is ou Saturday, tho 14th irist., and collecliuK such eviduueo as could bd Hbtained( it was found that the labour of taking out us many bricks us would be suf fiuienl to aftord a passage through tho wall liad been very much less than from a flint thought would be expected. The mortar had entirely lost its adho&ive; property, and one , oiick being removed, others were loosened and taken out without the uid of say tool whatever, und with the greatest ouse. , Tho fiiHt idea outeiiained was that this particular spot must have been disco vered by the prisoners to be defective; but on examining further, several magistrates then present almost immediately concluded that iliis formidable looking wall, some two feet six inches thick, was one mass of rotten brickwork. . One of the gmtlemen struck an apparently sound spot with his fist, and tho brick, from the force of the blow, quickly retreated to the intilo of the wail. The same gentleman tried another place, and the brick sank two inches inwards under tho stroke. The mortar could be picked out with the finger and thumb, and rubbed to powder in tho same instaut with out the slightest trouble. We were assured toy an experienced master builder, residing in Bathurst, that he would undertake to lot daylight through a tolerable hole in the wall in twenty minutes with a four-inch nail only: The dilapidated state of this gaol — almost tho only prison of these districts — will certainly require the laimediate atten tion of the Government The prison is worn out, and could not possibly bo mnde into Bucb a gaol as is required for tho pre sent heel of the district, without the invest ment of such a (??lira as it would be madness to spend upon such a rolteu mass of build ing. Wo are assured that the interior of' the briek erections and of the outer wall is a muds of rubbish ; and that the flooring of nil tho cells on the ground flofefispun pletoly rotten. The long-talked of appoint ment of on 'inspector of prisons'' would now seen?, to bo a necessity. Here is a gaol crumbling to dust without having a single official about it whose duty it is to prepare or make u report thereupon. Thoro can be no doubt but if a thorough uxhmiuaiion were entered upon by two competent persons, the vrholo affair would be ai once condemned and a now prison substituted. i Lachlan, Tuesday, Feb. 24ih. — It is ox \ pooled that tho dispute between the Culedo I man and Victorian Leads, will he decided on I Thursday, oc during tho week, by the Chief I Commissioner. U'hu settlement of the dis I pute will greatly promote our prosperity.. A I new roof, called the Duko of York, was I opened to-day, in the Government Reserve, [ within a fpw .yards of tho oflbe of Mr', lled ] man, solicitor. It is expected to prove a good .reef. The District Court transacted business yesterday; the Judge sat from i 0 a.m., till 5 00 p.m., mid disposed of 0U oases. Several oases were ? postponed in conaoquonoo of thoro being no jury. ... . . The Goulbutn Chronicle, alluding to Jbushranging at Burraugong, Buys:-— The fol ! lowing particulars of the murder of Mr. / Cirkell have booh kindly supplied to us:— It appears that, about ilusk on Sunday eve ning, two men rode up to Mr. Cirkell's pub lic house, and having fastoued their horses up to the fence, they entjrud the bar, where were : two men nnd a woman. Producing arms, .the incomurs at once bailed up these, nnd on?' of the two w«nt Lohind tho bar lo look for the cash. Mr. Cirkell, who had baon outside for an instant, came inside, and was immediately told to deliver up what money ho had got. Instead of acoeding to tho order, he made a rush at the man, and iii tho struggle both full together. The man who was behind tho bar tfion called out to tho other to shoot, and the villinn did so, shooting Mr. Cirkell through tho back of the head. He was killed upon tho spot. Tho men then helped themselves to about £5, and decamped. A correspondent, wri ting on laBt Wednesday, sayB :? — It is gene rally supposed, tho banks will be stuck - up next. There are now only two policemen on the Flat, all tho othors have gone to the Yass Quarter Sessions. If the Government do not send an additional force up at once, a vigilance committee will very shortly be established, and. hanging upon the spot will be the order of tho day l-^On Tuesday, the funeral of Mr.Ciikell took place, and a large number followed his remains to the grave. A meeting of Germans is to be held some day this week, to dooide upon what steps Bhall be taken to revenge his death. On Monday evening, at about ten o'clook, Mr. Gerbor's shop was robbed of about JB80 worth of tobacco, pipes, &c;, during the ab sence of the person in charge, who was at tending a meeting. Tho sanio day, five men ware stuck- up, about dusk, five miles out on the road to the now rush. Things are arriving at a frightful pass. Seymour Coal.— The following axlract from a letter ratived from Messrs. M'Mec han, Bluckwootl, and Co., of Melbourne, has been handed to us by. the Secretory of tlio Seymour Coal Company, limited :— r- Melbourne, 4th February, 1808. Sir — We will be happy to hoar from you, os soon as your nrrungoinonts are completed for load ing from 00 to 100 tons a, doy. If you could do so now, we ' could take a larga quantity from yon. ' The oonlp, acoortling to tho chief engineer of the Onloo, nro of very fair quality, and wo will bo glad to give them a further trial ; ra tho meantime, will' 1 you hare the kindness to instruct your man ! ager, at Long Point, togive our steamers every despatch, in the event of thoir culling for ii supply 'of conl. Wo aro, air, vour most nbcrliout ncrvants (rtigned) M'Mbo i han,- IJuCKWoop, end. Co. — Charles Toby, Esq., Ht'orctury to tho Mining Com pany. ; OAirrd-BK1 oi' BbsiiiUxGyui~Ti)o 2/|ir rangong ; Star of Sa turday ' says :-^--Last night, about nino o'clock, 'four of the' mou'rw tod patrol, aud'eight volunteer special con stables brought in three meu from Mealpy's' station, Wedden Mountain, on the Lachlan Koud. Their names are Brown, Patsy Mealy, and M'Gennis, brother to the bush ranger of that name who was shot some mouths ago by a native black. On Thurs day, information reached the camp respect iug these prisoners, und others of a more noted character — in consequence of which, the troopers aud tho volunteers, all of whom (excepting one) are Germans, left the town ship and proceeded to Mealy's station, where they arrived ubout daylight yesterday morning. Mealy's house was at once sur: rounded and entered. Upon searching it the tbreo were found in bed, PatBy Mealy with. his clothes on. They were at once apprehended, brought in, and secured in tho look-un. ???:?? ??'?? Fuightpul Accidents at Wangabatta. —Under date, February JiOth, the corres pondent of.tho Border Post says:-1-** fright ful accident occurred yesterday morning at I.), and L-. H. Evaus and Co.'s mill. Work had not been long commenced, when cries were heard from the stone floor to stop the mill, and on Mr. Sayers going to the spot he found a man named Cariright with his legs on tho top of the separator, and his body hanging head downwards between the separator und the shuft by which it is driven, while near him on the ground was lying his hand and a portion of bis arm, It would appear that tho man, who had only boeu in tlio eiuploy about a mouth, had gone to put tho belt on tho shaft to set tho separator in motion, when his hand became entangled in the bell, and he was carried over tho shaft and thrown down on tho other Bide/ his left arm being completely severed below the elbow, and the rest of his arm above the elbow fractured. The mill had to be stopped before he could be extricated, und when this had been done, before the doctors could arrive, he insisted ou walking up to the Royal Hotel, where he was lodging. Dr. Wilkius wats quickly in attendance, and, assisted by Dr. Dobbyn, amputated the arm below the elbow, and set the broken part^ which ',hey hope to be able to save.' The latent report of his condition is,! that he was sitting up in bed smoking his pine ; but it is not yet certain that amputation at the shoulder will be unnecessary. Almost at the same moment as the above accident, a slighter on© occurred at Burrows aud Tom Jin's mill, where a mun named A very put his finger botween the eccentric and the bed of the engine, for the purpose of removing an accumulation of greade, when the eccen tric, wlucb, at each evolution, approaches within a quarter of. an inch of the bed,' of course came . down and smashed the finger. Heat once ropaired to Dr. Wilkins to have it amputated, but the doctor preferred try ing to saveiilbr him — s.i merely. dressed it. ; Co.li.iery Carelessness.*- Two reranrk able iiiHtiinoes of colliery carelessness were made public, tlirough a prosecution ? iii the \Volyerbampton police court, oh Wednes day. In one caso it was proved that a boy', eight years of age, was permitted' to manage the apparatus by which tho men were drawn Up and lei down the pit. 'Jfhe boy was not. tall enough to reach tlie head of the horse which lie drove. For this offence, the char ter master of the pit: Wiis fined £io: Tho other wns a still more remarkable case. It was proved, in this inslanco, that a woman actually lowered a man down the pit by her own manual strength. For this offence, the charter roaster was fined £25, but it is sur prising that the woman would undertake such dangerous work, or that the man would risk his life in such a way.— Durham Chro nicle, Nov. 21. ? MoNKWEAITMOimi CoLUERY. ? -The owners of this colliery are now carrying for ward with great vigour the workings of gas coal in the ' B' pit, as many as a hundred extra howers having been set on during the lost six weeks. Tho ' B' pit is now worked double shift, and there are as many men employed as when the two pits were at work. The deep pit is still flooded with water.— Durham Chronicle, Deo. 5. Another Cou-jkry on Finn— -An; extensive four-shafter colliery of Messrs ll;' Hudson and Co , Stanley, near Wukefieid, about ten days ago was found to be on fire, the coal at tho bottom of the furnace-shaft having become ignited by the hunt of the furnace. Efforts wero made to extinguish the fire, but without succebs. and' after the proprietors had oonsulted Mr. Holt, mining engineer, and Mr. Morton, the Government, coal inspeotor for the district, it was resolved to fill up all the shafts for a few yards from the bottom, so as to uxoiudo as much as possiblo the atmospherio air. That work has been accomplished, but it is bolioved that the coal id still burning, audit is prob able that at least some weeks, if not months' must elapse before tho pit is fully at work aguin. — Times, Deo. 15. A Goal Pit on Fihr.— On Tudiday morning last, an extensive ooal pit, belong ing to Messrs StirrUm and Pyo, ofLongton, Staffordshire, was sot on firo bjrthe dis charge of a quantity ol blasting gunpowder. For several hours ineffectual attempts; were made to extinguish tho firej.nnd at last the hordes and i men were drawn out, and tho moiUh of the pit was aoverpd over with: plaiiks nnd earth with the view of smother ing the flames! In n'short time, however, an explosion took placu; which' blew iiway the covering. It. \vaB-thon.Topln.ood,.bnt,o,n Thursday a second .'terrific explosion blew open the mine again and shattered to frag ments the hood gobring. ?. A stroani of water was thereupon turned into tho mine, but, as the placckwhcre tho fire originated is 800 yards lVomi.%o bottom of the nbal't, it is un certain wlij^'a, the water will roroh it. In the niitndtime a large number of people will have beenT;thrown out of employment, and great qnanlity of valuable property de stroyed. -r-Ditrhatn Chronicle, Nov. Si. ' A' Ghost in, a Coal Pit .—One of those .mysterious beings, who assume a ' ques tionable form,' and whoso appearance. in tliis mundane sphere occiire.at the ' witch ing hour of night,' lms paid a visit to a coal pit, not-many miles: from Newcastle. A few days, ago, whilst two- or three of the miners Wero , busily engaged working the coals, they observed a ' blue low' at some distance from their labours,' Unable to ac count for the ' blue low' in such a locality, the most daring of them made to the spot; but, as ho approached, it gradually disap peared as unaccountably as,, a handkerchief would do under tho manipulating powers of Professor Anderson. This was told to their males, and a report spreading that a ghost had taken ! lodgings: in those dark regions had the effect of laying the colliery tempo rarily '' idle/' . This circumstance was en larged upon, and those gifted, with an ima ginative turn of mind asserted that it had been seen in the pit-ljeap, in the form of a pig which disappeared in the terrible ' blue low.' The consternation that such an in truder produced . amongst the pit lads was great;, and even some of , the men are not without their fears, aud have signified their intention of leaving their employment in consequence. As it; is, no work is going on* at present in that part where the intor loper , has baeu seen. A young liuro has volunteered to descend the pit, revolver in hand, to give a sharp account|of the unweL oomo guest. Whether the daring youth will succeed in drawing tho blood of his antagonist, we leave the course of events to determine. — Durham Qhronicle, Nov. 21. ACCIDKNT AT WlLLINGTON COLLIERY: -7-An accident occurred on Friday on the North-Edsterh Railway, at Willington Col liery, which- might have terminated with fatal consequences. It appears that a mi neral guard; ' named Thomas Patterson, whileiu the act of; coupling waggons to his train, got jammed hi botwoen the buffers of the! engine and ,\vaggons, and was severely crushed about the lower part of his body. Medical aid was called,' aud he was at once conveyed home to Shildoli, where,' after a lapse of u few hours,, it was found that his injuries were not so bad as was feared, and ho is now in d fair way of recovery. — Dur- ham Chronicle, Deo. 12. Fatal Gunpowder Explosion in a Cpl-UEKY.-rrBetween eight and nine p'clock on , Tuesday morning, eight men were en gaged in,a shaft how being sunk by Messrs. 'Morcer and Evans, in. Park- lane, Ashton, about three miles 'from Wigan, aud, while a shot was being charged, a spark, by some moans, at present unexpluiued, reached the powder, causing it to explode. One man, named Go'uldiug, was found to have been killed, aud unoiliur, named Catterall, so so riously, injured that no hopes of .his. reco very 'are, entertained.. Tiie six other mci1, .wonderful to say, considering tho limited space they would, have to moved in, escaped ajtuost ; without , ja bruise., , The explosiou was terrific. (jouldiug'Bhody has been removed to. await the coroner's inquest. — Durham Chronicle, Nov. !4l. : WouKiNa Coal by Machinkry.— The Leads Times reports an inspection of a coal cutting ; machine in work at West Ai'dsley Colliery*'' The maohiue is worked by com pressed air carried in portable pipes to the scene of operation. . Thcinvoutiuu consisto of 'a oompressod air-engine, with picks or cutting tools mounted ou a carriage which ruus on a tramway- in the bank,' such 'picks' being arranged to cui longitudinal; horizontal, and also upright grooves to the desired depth or extent into the upright face of the work, and. thus to divide the work to be done with rectangular Sections, each section being bounded by grooves on three or. four sides. On the carriage can be applied any required number of picks on level handles^ moving on axes, the/lever handles being, by prelerenoo, crank levers, so that atone end the pick is applied) and m the other the lever is acted on directly ; — hence, as the carriage is moved tit inter vals, along the face of the work, the picks make the requisite, horizontal longitudinal grooves in the upright face of the work. The cutter is' so framed that a 'piok';cali be worked either on the right or on the left hand side of the 'bank,' and this 'pick' can also be elevated or depressed, so. as to suit the ordinary or extraordinary dip of tho strata. We .saw it working on Thursday for upwards' of half an hour, but the test we applied was of a quarter of an hour's duration, and wo found that in that time the machine cut a groove eighteen inches deep, for a length of nine yards,, right tlirough the shale underlying the coal. . Tho ' cutter' was wqrked by one man, the oora fressed air being , supplied in vuloanised ndian-rrubbor moveablo pipes from theiron tubes laid down iu tho principal workings. It. is perfeotly astounding with what regu laritv-and precision . the mnohino ..works. The man in charge of it raoyqs a wheel, by which'the active motive power is from time to time advanced on the lace of the ' bank,' andia'boy. can follow in the rear, and with his slight .' soraper,' can pull out of the groove the rubbish of the shale thus made. Weido not despair of seeing the timo when the !ou.tter can, be employed for, straight wor|t, for,, inj point of .fact,- suck an arrange ment of ^lieprinoi/ple is a matter of, detail. Andthpr poiut of considerable importance nmyj jier.p be properly introduced.; The air whiflh'iedisohurgod from the machine .whilst at wdik qnn,not fail' of, being a powerful auxiliary, to the ordinary methods of venti lating a mine. We tested tho discharged current several times, and iu the track of the groove made by the outter it was exceod ingly strong. Wo aro not aware (adds our contemporary) what arrangement tho. pro prietors are contemplating with the object of placing within the reach of coal-masters tho fuiradvantago of the jnyontion j, but .we certnh'ily hope that the patentees will adopt somo plan by which the great usefulness of the coal-cutler may bo made available in every largo mino in tho kingdom. 1 Accidents,— On Monday night last, John, Pbillipson, who JW. employed -at Chavlaw Cbllibryi was riding on. a .waggpn, which the engine was pulling along: the Hat when lie put oiit his foot to knock the chain off the waggon. His foot' got, entangled, and he was thrown down, and the wheels of the waggou went over one of his legs, pro ducing a compound fracture, aud lacerating the limb in a most frightful manner. Yes terday (Thursday), John Hoyle, aged 80, of Suerision Colliery, was engaged in his usual occupation of coal-hewing in Sacriston pit, when a fall- of stone took place, and broke his left leg just below the knee. Both the injured men are now inmates of the Durham County Hospital. On Saturday, Robert Emsley, of Gilesgate. Moor, whilst working at the shaft in Kepier Wood, had his arm broken, from the gin running amain. On the same day, Margaret Wald, aged 36, was .coming over Elvet Bridge into the Market, when her feet slipped from under her, and she fell and broke her left collar bouo.— Durham Chronicle, Dec. 28. Singular and Fatal P.it, Accident. — A. somewhat singular accident. occurred' on Monday, at a pit 'at Deepfields, near Wolverhampton. A man named Butler had, while assisting the banksman, drawn the waggon or covering over the mouth of the pit, in order to land the skip, or vehicle in which'the minerals are drawn up. He, however, failed to 'ketcK' the waggon, which would prevent. its, movement from the position in which it was.pluced. The skip was landed; and the man- standing on tlie waggon was endeavouring, with the aid of 0 man in front, to push it off into the line of rails. While doing this, the unse cured waggon ran back, and 'ho poor fellow still retaining his hold of the skip, was pre cipitated with the latter to the bottom of a shift several yards in depth. His body, when recovered, was, of course, lifeless, and in a very mutilated state.— Durham Chro nicle, Nov. 281 ' . ?;? 