TASMANIA. We havo Tasmanian papers from Launceston and Hobart Town to the 23rd July : The II. T. Mercury of the 18th July says ¡-The preservation of salmon ova in ice has proved a great suc oesB in the hands of Mr. James A. Yoal, and wo may now, therefore, confidently expect to see salmon shortly swim- ming in the waters of the Derwent, and in other of our Tasmanian rivers. 1'nE Estimated Reve.vüe-The same journal of tho 23rd July Rays:-"The following aro the estimateH of the probable amount of rcvonuo to meet the expenditure chargeable on the general revenue for the year 1864, in- cluding the increase in Customs' duties, and the proposed stamp dulies, and taxes on carriages, as calculated hy the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer:-Customs, £135.SOO; stamp duties, £7000; oarriage duty, Û1750; inland revenue, £45,250; bond ronts and charges, £107A ; con- tributions from Homo Government, £14,100: total, £204,670. Estimate of tbe probablo amount of revenue to bo dorived from the sale and rental of Crown lands, &C;, duringthe year 1864, £71,000. TnE Stamp Boiibs.-A .public meeting of the mer- cantile and trading interest was held in Hobart Town, on the 20th July, and a petition against the proposed 1 stamp duties being made law was adopted. Tho Adver- tiser of the 23rd says."-Lost night witnessed what aopoarod to bo a. deliberate attempt on the part of Mr. I Chapman to disp'aoo the Government. His préposai lo report progress, and ask leave to sit again that day week, aimed at an indefinite postponement of tho stamp duties, with a view to tbeir nltimate rejection. Mr. Chapman's amendment was negatived on a division by 15 votes to 9\. A second division was taken on the proposal to place a shilling duty on agreements:-Ayes, 16; noes, 9. We conlont ourselves with recording the unsuccessful result of the opposition, thus far, to the Government measure of stamp duties. Wo may mention that the ' estimated revenue from stamps for 1864 is now set down at something over £7000, and that Government is now nrepsred to' abandon the proposed duties ou ohequea and i receipts. I The following paragraphs are from the L, Examiner of the 23rd: Arsojí -Between six and seven o'olock on Saturday evening an attempt was made to destroy a largo Bttok of hay on tho farm of Mr. Williams, Sorell hivulot Fortunately the family was alarmed in tim«, and succeeded in subduing tho flames beforo muoh damage was effected Mr. Williams has ordered a regard for the discovery of tho'incendiary. Fingal Gold-Fihlbs_Stuart and his pirty have arrivod in town from the Black Horse Gully, Black Boy, whoro they have beon working for some time past oa the ground previously ocoupied by Mr. Edwardes party. They have beon ongaged, as we have before stated, in cutting a large race at the hold of tho Gully, so that they have only occasionally washed for gold. Tho weather for the past week or two has, however, been so very un- favourable, rain and snow falling continually, tim t they have been obliged to give np for a time, but they intend to re turn as soon us tho weathor clears np. They bave brought in with thom about six ounces of gold, obtained by them at o Id times, besides what they have had to expend for atoros whilst on the ground, the gold, which is a fine sample, may been se«n at Mr. It. T. Edwnrds's. Superstition.-In the Isle of Man asuperst'tion exists that if the knots of the shroud nre not untied when the coffin ia nailed up tho ghost of the deceased will wander about. A funeral recently took place, and soon after, it was rumoured that tho deceased's ghost had visited her former home, and it was remembered that the knots had not boon untied. The vioar was applied to for leave to open tho grave and allow tho needful to bo done, to which he, of course, objected, doing his utmost to show the party the fully of such notions, 'lhe friends, how- ever, were determined not to be outdone, and early on Smidiy morning week the gravo was opened, the lid of tho collin removed, the knots unloosed, and the grave made all right ere the Bun roso. M. Coustant Say, nu ominent manufacturer in Paris, nssombled his workmen a short time ago, and told the m that, with a view to oncaurageindustryand perseverance, he had resolved toallow in future-first »sum of 500f. to everv workman having served 15 years withont, inter- ruption, or 20 ysnrs with interruption ; secondly a lifo annuity of 300f. to every workman having served 20 years without interruption, or 25 with interruption, on condition of their continuing to work in his factory ; thirdly, this oension of 300f. should be raised to 50OF. when the workmen should be no longer able to work in oonaeqnenoe of age or infirmity. M. Say has tit present 480 operatives in his employment who have served bim for periods varying from 15 to 28 years. A correspondent hopes that if no, the people of eng- land, evor go to war again with any maritime country, wo shall not be such ninnyhammora as to go blockading ports, when wo can manago matWs so much bettor by taking a leaf out of the book of tho Confederate States of America, whioh will suggest that if one Alabama, by keeping the high seas, can go far to cripple the commorce of the Federals, what would hundreds of Alabamas, which England could with ease turn out, effect? Had France and England pursued this couroe in the Russian war, by cruising in the Baltio and out- side, as well as in the Iinxine, instead of blockading the ports of the enemy, Russia would havo beau beggared, for her ships of war and merchantmen would have freely put to Ben, and as freoly have been captured. It may make some publishers hide their diminished he.tds when we toll thera that a work has just boen issued by a Paris firm which has cost £40,000 lor thirty copies It is the description, with illustrations, ol the coronation of the Emperor of Kttssia, and was ordered hy him. He who gets an example, value over £1300, may feel grati- fied.- Court Journal. It is said thut Colonel Calthorpe intends to justify the statement he published iti his " Letters from Head- quarters " in the Oiimea, that Lord Cardigan turned in the charge of the Light Brigade before ho rea bed the Russian batteries. _ It that be true, tho battle will be fought over again in the court of law, but ioma timo must first elapse, as many of the witnes-.es are abroad. Some person has commonoed selling photographs of tho size of postage-stamps, with adhesive backs, to be stuck on to all articleB to which nn indisputable onnersbip is sought. 6tich as booka, bats, luggage, letters, Ono thou- sand for a sovereign is the price. What nott, and next ? Sir F. Williams, the Commander-in-Ohief in Canada, is establishing camps of instruction in that province, after the Aldershott fashion. One camp, composed of the Rifle Brigade, the 30th, 62nd, and C3rd Regiments, with tho artillery, and other troops stationed in Upper Canada, will assemble ou some convenient site, between Toronto and Guelph ; and the Guards, with the other troops in the piovinco, near Montreal. The camps will afford tho volunteers a fine opportunity to acquire o. knowledge of military duties and manoeuvring. M. de Ohnilltt is about to undertake another excursion into the lund of the gorillas. The announcement of tins fact was made at a meeting of the Geographical Society, 1 and the distinguished traveller suid he intended to muhe I a settlement at tho mouth of one of the rivors, to leavo one or two whito men there, and then go into the inte- rior and explore. He hoped ho should be able to reach 1000 miles inland, and study tho country. 