THE STAGE CDAHKEi KSA1T; The Life and Theatrical Time) of Charla Kcan, F.S.A., including a Suntmaiy of the English Stage for the lait Fifty Yean, etc., etc. By J. W. Cole. 2 vols : London. No timo moro appropriate than tho present can bo urged to lay before our readers a few extracts Irom tho above interesting nrd kindly writton work, rclativo to the careor of an actor who has played so distinguished a part on tho stage, especially ns ho is now probably within a few weeks' sail of Melbourne Mr. Koan has earned for himself a lasting fame by the complete manner in which ho has produced many of the creations of the immortal bard, at tbo Princess's Thoatro, London, during tho many brilliant seasons of bis management, which met with the highest oulogluma from those best able to form n oorroot opinion of such matters. The arcbroo logical researches and pictorial embellishments of tho different plajB wero entrusted to gontlemon of profound learning In their respective doparU montfl, and tho costumos of the porioi woro always oarefnlly stadlod, bo. as to present to tho eyes of tho andienoe a correct notion of the style of tho different countries in whloh the aatlon of tho plays lay. That Mr. Kenn's efforts have boen tbe means of elevating tho drama, there can bo no doubt, and, consequently, no wonder need bo expressed at tho many costly testimonials which have been presented to this great artist by the most distinguished and learned of society. The present Kean has contributed much to tho elevation of n ttudy which bis father made great, and which has lost none of Its lustre in tbo hands of the son. We now proceed to extract a fow of tho prin cinal Important events in Mr. Kcan's eventful life:— 'Charles Kean was born at TValerford, Ire land, on tbe 11th of January, 1811. The dnto of his birth falls within the period which has boon railed by s haoknoyed and pedantio phrase, ' the palmy days of the drama.1 According to the census of 1811, London, in Its extended capacity, then contained 1, 009,5-1 fl inhabitants. There wero within this boundary eleven theatres ; threo with what wore considered perpetual patents: Drury Lano and Covent Garden unrestricted as to timo ; tho Haymarkct open in the summer months; land eight minors limited to certain periods and performances. In this list tho Italian Opera House is not included, being then, as now, looked upon in tho light of an exotlo exception. In 1859, tho population of this over grown motropolis approacneo two millions and a half, and has more than doubled within forty eight years; while, despite tbe snpposcd counter acting influences, the number of places in which, under various names, stage representations oro given, amount at least to twenty- eight.' MR. KBAN'S EAHLT EDUCATION. ' In 1820, Charles Kean was dispatched to echool, preparatory for Eton College. His father resolved to give him a good education, an ad vantage which he fully appreciated, though it had not fallen to his lot. The boy was sent to tho preparatory school of Mr. Styles, at Thames Ditton, and was subsequently placed under the Rev. E. Polohampton, at Worplosdon, in Surroy, and afterwards at Greenford, near Harrow. At this seminary he remainedeeTeralyears— thennm- ber of scholars being limited, and principally composed of noblemen's sons. In June, 1821, he entered Eton as an ' Oppidan,1 bis fatbor fix ine his allowance for board and education at £300 per annum. His tutor was tho Rev. Mr; Chspman, since Bishop of Colombo; Dr. Good all, provost ; and Dr. V£eate, bead master. Ho remained nt Eton throo years, being placed as high as the rules of tho institution, having roierence to age, would allow. When taken away ho was in the upper division, and had ob tained enmidorablo credit by bl« Latin ver'M.' ins FIRST APPEARAITCE OS TUB STAQB. '?Tho futuro career ol tbe young adventurer being now marked out, his fint appearance on any stago took plaoe at Drury Lano Theatre, on tho opening night of tho coaBon, Monday, 1st October, 1827. Young Norval. in Homo's tragedy of 'Douglas/ was tbo character Bclectoi for tho occasion. He was vet under seventeen, and so completo % stripling in appearanco, as well as in years, that the theatre sat in council on the question whether be bhould bo announced as Mr. Kean, junior, or Master Kean. He Bottled tho point by rejeoting tho latter description, with tho utmost disdain. On the Saturday night provious to his appear anco, a dress rehearsal was suggested by tbo manager, that ho -might ' faco the lamps' for the first time, and famillarlso himBell with his stago costume. Many personal friends of Mr. Price, with some membors of the commltteo, wero present, who complimontod him on this his preliminary essay. Whilo supping after wards in tho manager's room, with true boyish feeling, ho expressed a wish to show himself to his mothor in the stage habiliments of Norval. Tho manager consented, bnt wondering that he at ill lingered in the theatre, drow from him in a whisper, the reluctant confession that he was without the means of paying for a haokney-coaoh. Prica supplied tho money, and young Kean flow to his mother's lodgings to display his finery, relate the encouragement ho had received, and sheer her with the hopes and expectations with which ho panted for the following Monday. The expected night arrived. Curiosity to eco the son of tho great actor, Edmund Koan, filled the vast theatre to overflowing. A first appearanco bofore n London audience, in those days, and at one of the great national establish ments, was a much moro oorlouB matter than it is at present, a trying ordeal cvon for the ox porienccd veteran, who might fcol oonfident in hiB powers, and had olteu tested their effcots. What thon must i'i havo boen to tho unpraotisod novice, trombling at tbe sound of bis own voice, and unnerved even by tbo Bight of his own name lor tho first timo exhibited In print. The awful moment is come, ho standi bcloro the audience, fairly launched on the experiment of his life, he has no timo to think of all that hangs on tho issue of the next two hours, but must brace his spirits to the task, and sink or swim, according to the moasuro of his own unaidei courage Tho cost was as follows : — Young Norval..,., ? Mr.C. Kean (Ills first appearance on any stago.) Lord Itandolph ? Mr. MDde Glevalvon. ? Mr. IVallack Old Norval ? Mr.Coorr.r-. Lady ltandolph ? Mrs. West Anna ? Mrs. Knight Younj? Aorval does not appear until the opening of tho second act. His ontrnnce is pre ceded by that of the retainorB of Lord Randolph, bearing in oustojy the faithless servant, ' tho trembling coward who forsook his mastor.1 The audionco, unluckily, wero led tojmistake the latter worthy for tho new candidate, and greeted him with the rounds of applauso lntcndod for the horo of the evening — hero was another damper, for, in such situations, tho vorieBt triflta havo their effeot. Tho debutant recovered himBClf, notwithstanding, and wont through his part, at tho opening, with hesitating doubt, but as ho warmed into the business of the scone, with courage nnu gradually increasing animation. Somo unprejudiced judges (and moro than ono were present who took an Interest in his fate) could dettct, evon through all tho rawness of an unformod Btyle, and the embarrassment of a novel situation, tho germs of latent ability, and the prorolBo of future excellence. The audienoe received him throughout with indulgence, en couraged him by frequont approbation, and called for him when tho tragedy concluded. It was success oertainly, but not docided success. Charles Kean felt, that although ho had passod his examination with tolerablo credit, ho had nsithor carried away ' high honours,' nor achieved what in thettrical parlanw is termed 'a hit.1 On the following morntag ho rushed with feverish anxiety to tho papers, and, without Causing, read thorn to his mother. His fato and ors, their futuro subsistence, tho hopo that sustained them, tha bread they wero eating, the roof that covored thorn, all lay in tho balance, and all depended on tho dictum of an allpowor ful press 1 It was unauimous in condemnation. Not aiiuplo disapproval, or qualified censuro, but sontonco of utter Incapacity, stern, bittor, crushing, and conclusive. Thoro was no modifiod praise, no admission of undeveloped faculties, no allowanca for youth and inoxporlencs. Tho crude efforts of a schoolboy wero dealt with as the matured study of a practisod man.' l'insT ntoviNOiAL tour; 'During the course of Charles Koan's first provincial tour ho found himself, whilo fulfilling an engagement at Glasgow, in cIhrr nroximlfcv tn his father, who was then enjoying a term of relaxation in a cottage ho had built In tho Isle of Bute. Notwithstanding tholr estrangement, tho acart of the Bon yearned towards his parent, and ho mndo an overture, through n third pcreon, to pay him a visit. Tho proposal mot with a ready ataont, and his rooeption waa moro cordial than he anticipated. Little allusion was made to the past, and a temporary reconciliation took place. This led to a proposition from tho elder Kean to act ono night la tho Glasgow thtatre for his son's boncflt, on the 1st October, 18.28-by singular oomemence, tho anniversary of Us first appoar ance in London. Thoy appeared as Brutia and Titu-, in Howard Payne's tragedy of 'Brutus.'.' The houso, as might bo anticipated under auch circumstances, presented a complote overflow, tbo receipts nmountiag to nearly £390. The strong interest of the play, combined with the natural noting- of father and eon, completely subdued the Audience. They Bat suffused in lean during tha last pathetic interview, until Brului, overpowered by his emotions, folia on ' tho ncckol Tltui, exolalmlog In a burst of agony, 'Embrace thy wrotched lather }' when they broke forth into tho rcliol of loud and prolontcd penis of approbation. Edmund Kean then whispered in his Bon's oar, ' Charley, we are doing tho trick.' This may appear strange and inconsistent — perhaps, unnatural — to thoso who persuade themselves that tbo accomplished nctor must of necessity fcol, at the moment, tbo full influence of the passage ho i$ so eloquently expressing.' BE-APPBAItANCK AT DB.UHT LANH. ' On the 8th of Jnnuary, 1838 (under cngnga ment with Mr. Bonn, to act twenty nights, with a salary of £50 a night) ho »ppo»rcd as Hamlet — a memorable evening in his own history— with a triumphant issuo, never ourpmaed in tbe history of tho stage. The cast was as follows : — Claudius ? Mr. linker Hamlet ? Mr. 0. Kcan roloniue ? Mr. Dowton Luortc ? Mr. Kin* Horatio ? Mr. H. Cooke KoscncmnU ? Mr. F. CooVe Gulldcnstcra ? Mr. Duiufct Oarlo ? Mr. Brinrlal First nrtor ? Mr. Mclan Second actor ? Mr.T. Matthews First gnivcdiggcr ? Mr. Compton Second do ? Mr. Hughes Ghost ? , ? Mr. Cooper Gertrude ? Mrs. Ternan Ophelia ? Mhs Itomcr The house was crowded from orchestra to upper gallory. Tho new Ham'et was received with enthusiasm. Ftom his ontrnnce to tho close of the performonoo the applause was unanimous and incessant. The celebrated 'Is it the King?' in tbo third act, produced an electrical effect. To use a favourite expression of hiB father'*, 'the pit rose at him.' At the conclusion he was called for, and hailed with reitcratod acclamations. 'Caps, hats, and tongues applanded him to the clouds.' Tio success was solid, substantial. Thero wm no »rr»y of hired elaquers, no pocking in the pit, no pre-arranged signal*, no managerial influenco to forestall or misrepresent unbiatsed judgmont. It was aa honost verdict by an impartial jury. Of this performance, The Timet said, ' Looking to tho wholo of Mr. Kcan's performanco, we are greatly pleasod with it. It may, however, bo rendered even better. His pauses arc in many Instances so long that ho falls to mako the point at which ha is aiming. Again, he carries the weeping sentimentality of Hamlet into situations whero he is a mere specu lator. The beautiful lines commonoing 'Imperious Caaar dead and turned to clay,' do not want tears to enforce their moral — the nothingness of defunct mortality. Mr. Kcan's reception wasof the mostohccringdcscriptlon. Whenheappoarod,the applauso from every partof the house was oblhu siaBtic, and throughout tho evoniog the same anxious wish to encourngs (no hopo, now no longer struggling) merit was observable At the conclusion of tho tragedy ho was loudly called for, and ho made very gracefully bis oboisancc to a much delighted audience. lie certainly has succeeded in giving a very elegant and finished portrait nf Hamlet. What ho will do with tho Jiiehardi and Macbethi is yet to be proved.' ' In this engagement Mr. Kcan appeared in three characters only Samlet, Richard III., and Sir Qilcs Overreach. The foilowing aro the receipts:— 21 nights of Hamlet produced ? £8231! 0 0 Nightly average ? 296 19 0 1J nijrtitB of Richard produced .... 8516 14 0 Nightly average ? 3:4 10 0 B nichts of Sir Giles produced ? 153S 8 0 Nightly averago ? 367 5 0 43 nlRhts in all produced ? 13,780 3 0 Nightly average ? 3u9 10 0 MARRIAGE TO MISS ELLBN TREE. ' On the 20th of January, 1842, occurred Ihe most auspicious event in his life— the wisest step ho hnj ovor taken— and the Burcst guaranteo to his futuro prosperity. Ho was married, at the church of St. Thomas, in Dublin, to Miss Ellen Tree j a mutual attachment of long Btnndinjr, and in overy respect 'a well assorted union.' By tbil, Charles Koan not only ssoured his domestic happlnem, but obtained a largo addition to bis worldly means, and an Invaluable co operator in his theatrical career. By a rare combination of private and professional excol lcncc, Miss Ellen Tree had already acquired a handBomo independence, and had pliced herself in tbe foremost rank of tho distinguished females whoso names eliod lustre on tho history of the British drama. In characters requiring great physical power, with tbo sterner and more com manding attributes, something might bo wanting in wlrch sho bad been exoalled by a few of her predecessors ; but in all tho softer delineations, In a just discrimination of the tenderer and moro womanly pasiions, in versatility, in natural pcthos, or elegant vivacity— in a clear compre hension of her author's moaning, and in lady liko deportment— she was, and is, without a superior on the modern stage*' ENTlSItS OX THB MANAGEMENT OP THE JfrnnCEBS'S THEATRE. ' In Auiffist, 1850, Clmrlos Kean, in company with Mr. Keelcy, catered on a lease for (wo vonrn, of tho Princess'B Thoatro, in Oxford street ;' nnd, lor the first time, ombarked on tho ' stormy sea' of management. ? ? » The first season com menced on tbe 28th Soptembor, 1850, and occupied an uninterrupted period of nearly thirteen months; terminating on the 17ih October, 1851, with tho opening play of 'Twelfth Night.' The nett profit amounted to £7000 ; but it was the year of tho Great Exhibition In Hyde Park, and tho result cannot be taken as forming any ground for an average calculation.' MR. KEAN IN MACBETH. 'On ono of the most triumphant repotitions of Macbeth, Mr. Kcan received a compllmeut equally unexpected and agreeable Mademoiselle Rachel (the great French tragedienne) happened to bo in a private box. He know that bIio rormed ono of tho audience, and played his best in conscquinco. When tbe plsy ended, she came round to his dressing room for porsonal intro duction. Her praises wore poured forth with all the ardour of appreciating genius, and wound up with this ebullition, Pennettez qui jo vms embrasse. Such a request demandrd inBl.int compliance, and tho fraternal salute was most cordially oxchanged between the two creat JHtlhts.' MR. KEAN'S FIRST ArPEAJlANOE AS LOUIS XI. ' Up to January, 1854, Mr. Kean had only appeared In the throo molodramaa of ' Tho Cor sicun Brothers,' 'Faust nnd Marguerite,1 nnd The Courier of Lyons,' varied, after Christmas, by ono or two occasional performances of ' Ham let,' 'The Strangor,' and tho 'Iron Chest;' but on Saturday, tbo 13th, he burs', on the town with renovated strength, in a new drama of high legitimate nature, being an English adaptation by Mr. Boucicault of Casimlr Do La Vigny'B celebrated historical tragedy of ' Louia XI.' This play commanded aixtytwo representations, and sllenoed all pertinacious denials of Mr. 0. Ivean's hardly-won pre-emincnco aa the leading tragedian ol the day. Even tho most dotormincd opponents at length yielded np their prejudices to the public verdict. During his lonjr practice of twenty- eight years, he now, for tho first time, atood before his judges in an original part ol first rato importanco. The phiy bai aoquiiod a celebrity from his representation of tho prinoipal charnetor. ' ur tho otlect produced by Mr.Koan. it is more than difficult to oonvey an adequate description. Wo do not rccolleot anything to comparo with it In recent times; nor can we namo any theatrical performance it has over hcon our fortuno to ?witness, bo Iroo from blemish or objection | sus tained wiih Buoh uniform power, relieved by so much variety, nnd, altogether, preaented to the judgmont of tho publio as a ploturo of such bnlhnnt colouring, nnd mas'erly filling up in nil its different shades. Many lingoriug and obiti note cavillors wero totally convorted by this creat achievement. The enthuBiastio feeling of thehonsoon Iho first night, romindod ua of tho excltemont wo had witnessed during tho best days of his fatlior's 'Othello.' Even, when tho play was ovor, and he lay dead before tho nudicnco, thoy trembled last ho should start up again, and work frosh rriischief with the rovivified influouco of a ghoul or a vampire. Mr. Kean Is not, in 'Louis XI.,' as in tho ' Wife's Seorot,' supported by his accomplished partner, in a part of dramatic strength nnd Interoat aupcrior to his own. Tho pky wants tho controlling charm which attaohes to a prominent heroine. Thoro 19 nothing here to assU tho single aotor; ho mustoreato his lovers for hlmsolf. Tho oharaolcr of Louii is so for beyond sympathy, bo uttorly ropultive, that, in tbe hands of a ooarso or clumsy artist, it would be untndurablo. The secret of the truo eficot lies In tho rolief and VnrlotY. and fhn Irnntvlniln-ii nf 4ltann groat nrcana marks tho distinction botwocn mediocrity and oxctllinco. Herein Uo tho mystery and mastery of genius, whether oxem pliQed by tho pnintor, the poet, or the actor; and, in the management of theso rcsouroes, always thrown in at tho critioal moment, and In tho right place, us a eklliul goncral arrnnges his reserves, Mr. C. Kean carrlod ills audience along with him, and ewopt away oljeotlona whioh a monotonous manner would have renderod fatal, ihe ' oharaotcr, as ho wielded it, beajrao as plaBtio as tho clay in tho bauds of tho modeller, and, with ovury Blight movement preseutod a now loaluro. Looking to tbo past, wo cannot readily select any actor of former dnya who could havo eompetod with tho living representative. Groat requisites they had, but etldom or nevor to many ooinblnod-tho quick pleicing eyo, the flexible intonation, the expr66«Ivo features, tbo compact, manageable figure: the rapid aoUon ; the varying ?onceptloa ; and tho uarao extraordinary facility of depleting tho weakness of ace, the exhaustion I physical pain, and tlit gradual approaches of death. On thia occasion the press echoed- tbc decision of thopublfe, with scarcely adinimHenl voloe. 'Louis XI.V was acted for sixty-two nights during tho flrtt uoason of Ita production, and has over sinco continued ono of tho most attractive play» in tho permanent list; After the ilrst performBrco, Mr. Kean received many con gratulatory letters Irom persons ol eminence in literature, etc., including Sir Charles Phlpps (conveying her Majesty's appreciation), Samuel Warren, author of Ten Thousand a Yo»r ; William Farren, tho great cornelian ; and Mi * Glynn, tho celebrated actrefo; who says in her letter, ?Your intonsity Is really terrible. I felt wblto with excitcmoBt. and crught injsolf holding by tho chairs, grasping tightly for aomfort, for I could scarcoly breathe, and could not nppland until 1 was enough recovered to remember you wero aoliug. I could writo pages on cfory part of yonr groat work. But your pntiro dying scene, how truo and affecting it wj. That crawling to tho crown with no phymcal power, but with a deadly yet real 'norgy, uiak»i my neah crcop now to thitik of it.'' 