DREAMLAND. Who has not read Edgar Allen Poe's Tales of Wit, Humour, and Imagination ? — and who has not read Mrs Crowe's Night Side of Nature, but who ever sat down to the perusal Off either a determined sceptic in ghosts, apparitions, and every other supernatural idea, that rose any other? It is all very well in print ; I have read many such, but I must see before I can believe. Granted ; and yet who amongst us could not at some one period of our lives relate something uncommon that has happened to ourselves, individually, either in our broad, wide-awake moments, or in our hours of som- niferous repose. I seek not to convert the sceptic ; for, as the old adage says — " He who's convinced against his will, Is of the same opinion still" But, to while away half an hour of your leisure time, I will relate a fact. Baron B--- when a sergeant in the Tem- ple, while once on circuit had been pleading the case of a man accused of manslaughter at Guildford in Surrey. At the King's Head, during the Bar dinner, a brother barrister chanced to speak of an interesting case then being tried in the Court at Edinburgh of a family likely to be disinherited through the loss of some family deeds. It might be a branch of the Campbell family, who wished to establish their nearest claim to the Duke- dom of Argyle. It matters not, for whenever people begin to talk of their ancestry, I always feel inclined either to compare them to pota- toes, or else to give them an extinguisher like King James I, " Tut man. I did'na ken that Adam was a younger son of the Lumley family!" " Mais ravenous a nos moutons." Sergeant B---,after his convivial glass, retired to his solitary couch, and dreamt — what ?Why, he dreamt not of the accused, whose case he had been so ardently defending, but that he was on a visit to this Scotch family, and that he was busy with them searching for the missing deeds. At last they came to an attic, in which were two enormous carved oak chests. They were quickly emptied, with as little success as every other cupboard and cranny that had perforce yielded to inspection, when he discovered that one of them, the one standing behind the door, was thicker at the base than its size warranted. He tapped it with his cane. " This," said he, " has a false bottom— try to raise it" They did so, and a groove was found, the lid of the bottom was raised, and a collection of papers met the gaze of the spectators, amongst which were the miss- ing deeds. Sergeant B--- awoke, smiled at the subject and vividness of his dream, and thought no more about it. The assizes over, he returned to town. The first night of his arrival home, without ever having mentioned the subject since at Guildford, he dreamt the same facts over again. On waking, he told his wife, who, woman-like, was more ready to think there was something in it ; but still he evaded all thought of it. Two more nights passed, and even his wife had ceased to think of her husband's dream, when again the cir- cumstances were repeated exactly as before. This time he could not skake off the idea that some duty devolved upon him." His wife came to his assistance. " You must start for Lochnill, and see the family" So impressed was Sergeant B — that this was an interposition of Providence, that he took an early train for Glasgow "the next morning, and quickly found himself, from the confines of Aigyleshire rolling on the coach of Lochnill. Now only has his courage forsook him. What right, what plea had he for intruding on a family he had never even heard of till lately, much less seen ? So sank was his courage, he was on the point of telling the driver to retrace his steps, when a young man on horseback asked if (the driver) could tell him the most direct road to Lochnill, who replied that he should follow us, as we were now going thither. Here, then, was a slight excuse— he could not return. Soon the venerable pile of Lochnill House came within view, and soon, too soon, alas, Sergeant B — found himself ascending the steps of the portico, and bring ushered into a spacious well furnished dining room. After the usual intro- duction to the lady and her son, the young laird, he said he had come on business, but as the evening was advanced he would prefer itto be deferred till morning. To this a glad con- sent was given, and soon after they repaired to the hall, where a somptnons family repast was laid out. What wonder that the conversation turned upon the subject of the lawsuit, and the probability of the family having to give up their present happy home, and all for want of some missing deeds requisite to establish the dead father's identity with the rightful heir. Sergeant B — listened with straining ears, and a palpitating heart. Could it be that he held the happiness of this family in his grasp. Could it be that Providence should make use of him, a perfect stranger, to restore them to their rights. " Have you searched everywhere?" he found courage at length to say. " Have you no escretoire, no chest unsearched ?" His host replied that even the oak chests in the attics have been ransacked. "Have you not, per chance two chests in one attic ? " " Oh, yes, but we turned both out" "Did you never hear of such things as chests having false bot- toms, so common in the turbulent days of the Stuarts?" " yes, but these are not possessed of any?" "Would you so far gratify an old man as to allow him to see these chests?" " Only too glad" Quickly they ascended four flights of fine oaken staircases, and as the attic door creaked upon its heavy hinges, Ser- geant B — at once recognised the attic of his dream, and turning quickly to the chest behind him, he said, "Make haste, empty It. Take up the lid at the bottom." The astonished laird did as he was bid, for the moment impressed with the idea he was obliging a super- natural agent, and so perhaps he was, for there lay paper upon paper, deeds without end, and, as you may guess, the long-looked for missing ones. To all their queries, he could only relate his dream, but he took his return ticket to London a far happier man than he ever sup- posed it possible for a barrister at law in this justice-loving country to become. 