The Advertiser. ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1863. SINCE THE arrival of the October mail, with its numerous reports of Ministerial and Parliamen- <*> tary sayings and doings all over England, Ireland, and Scotland, we have wondered that 110 " Constant Observer" or other watcliful cor respondent has called public attention to South Australian deficiencies in this re?pect. At home, though the Queen prorogues Parliament, hon. members find it necessary to woo the sweet voices of their constituents in their various dis tricts, and Ministers deem it expedient to un fold their policy touching the great questions of the day. Sometimes it vrilt be at an agricultural dinner, sometimes at a literary soiree, now it will be at the inauguration of a statue, aud then at a gathering of tenantry. But whatever the occasion, or the excuse, occasions arise, and ex cuses are invented; in fact, the practice of leading politicians and Ministers of State availing themselves of public or quasi public opportunities to "pronounce" upon Eome topic of tho day, is fast be coming part and parcel of responsible Govern ment. To those tired of the talk of the session, who have been longing for the quietude of the recess, these supplementary discussions may be a great bore; but on the other hand good re sults flow from them, and the time seems to have passed and gone when statesmen could keep important public questions hermetically sealed for half a year. During the month of October last almost as many political speeches were delivered by members of Parliament in the United Kingdom as would have been de livered had Parliament been in session. As before remarked, we have wondered that the electors of South Australia have so tamely submitted to silence on the part of their repre sentatives ; bnt lest their acquiescence in that silence might be considered uncomplimentary to the representatives in question, we will say no more. We may, however, remark, that even if M.P.'s are to be allowed to spend their vacation unplagued by politics. Ministers can scarcely expect to be indulged in the same unbroken taciturnity. Earl Russell goes to Blairgowrie to expound the Ministerial Foreign Policy, and the Law Officers of the Crown find opportunities to explain and vindicate the acts of the Executive. Thepeopleare thus pretty nearly as well informed of whattheGovernment arcdoingand purpose doing, as if Her Majesty's faithful Commons were in session, with some hundreds of vigilant guardians of pubh'c rights asking " if so why so, and if not why not ?" Sat how different it is in South Australia. The session closed in gloom, and the holidays will pass away in darkness. I But stay —His Excellency's southern trip has shed a ray of light into the political darkness, 1 and only a ray. The Governor, the Chief Secretary, and the Treasurer went as far as Willunga, where the Treasurer executed a masterly retreat, and undoubtedly escaped as many difficulties as his Chief met and vanquished. The good people of the South did not talk I" Seeesh." doctrine in the presence of the Queen's j representative ; but at the same time they dealt as freely with several vexed questions of local politics as if they were catechising candidates for their suffrages, instead of congratulating the Queen's representative. The G-aolwa address to His Excellency glides by such an easy and natural transition from loyalty to Victor Harbor, and from attachment to the throne to attach ment to the jetty, that one might as well try to : divide by accurate lines of partition the colors j of the rainbow as to say where, in that address,! are the respective limits of the loyal and the! local! j His Excellency's various speeches whilst on this tour are most admirable as examples of official tact and caution. Yet though most. guarded in their tone there is a frankness about them which evidently told well. When His Excellency remarked upon the restricted sphere of a constitutional Governor's functions, and of the necessity that existed for his referring all public questions to his advisers ; and when after shielding himself behind the Executive he touched upon the responsibility of the Executive to the Legislature, he rendered it impossible for his hearers to press him, individually, more closely. Even when informing the people that he might not be able to accomplish all that they desired, he effectually turned aside resentment from him self ; and when he said that he had come to in spect the district in order that he might be able to convey his own impressions to the Executive, bis hearers felt that he could not do more. The Governor's sincerity when professing an anxious desire to fulfil the wishes of the colonists is too manifest to be doubted, but the careful manner in which, whilst promising to use his personal in fluence, he avoids overstepping his constitutional prerogative, is most conspicuous. His Excellency expresses his individual opinions candidly and freely; but he keeps within constitutional bounds, and so is likely to make but few enemies whilst making many friends. The Chief Secretary was well received, although Mr. Newlaud's compliments upon the Ministry as a whole were not very high-flown, and the exclamations of some of the " indepen dent electors" were still less eulogistic. At Willunga the Treasurer divulged the whole secret of the Ministerial i#olicy when he re marked that he was glad to get away from the " ghost of a Road Bill," and at Port Elliot the Chief Secretary summed up the programme of the next session in the assurance that Lib sole object in assuming the responsibility of office was to " serve his country." No doubt this is true; but why could not the honorable gentle man have made a Blairgowrie of Port Elliot, and have told the country how he meant to serve it? Once a tear is published in England a most harrowing document—a record of ruin, and suffering, and death, in forms peculiarly calcu lated to arouse feelings of distress and sorrow. We refer to The Wreck Begister and Chart, a publication setting forth in detail the casualties that took place in the British Seas during the year of which it treated. The wreck of a noble ship is a sad night- yet how many of these wrecks are there in each successive year! In i spite of perfect soundings, in spite of unproved knowledge of the laws of storms, in spite of a better code of marine regulations, in spite of better ships, more 6kilful captains, end more efficient crews, The Wreck Register comes out, punctually aetiie Almanack a—a report, like the roll of tbe prophet, full of lamentation and woe. ' Oue of these painful documents is now before : us. ] The Wreck Register and Chart for 1862, so far as the loss of life is concerned, is by no means one of the worst of its kind; on the contrary, that year may be taken as, on the whole, a favorable one for the mariner. Yet in that one year 1,827 ships were wrecked, and 690 j persons were " swallowed up by the sea/ What an infinity of anguish and despair is summed up in those few words. Six hundred and ninety persons were swaUawed vp by tfte sea. And all this in connection with British commerce; and all this on the coasts and in the seas of the British isles only. Wrecks on foreign coasts, and the loss of ves sels on the high, seas, do not enter into the statistics of the " Wreck Register." That a great number of casualties must take place on the coasts of the British islands, is only what we have to expect. Five thousand miles of coast line, more or less dangerous, frequented by countless vessels day and night, in all weathers, and all the year round, are sufficient to account for a large number of wrecks. The number of vessels clearing inwards and out wards from British ports in 18G2 was 263,462, with 1,610,000 men on board; so that the number of wrecks would only amount to I ship in 150; the lives lost to only lin 2,333. And when the wretched character of a number of the coasting vessels is taken into account, the wonder is that casualties are not even more numerous. Of the 1,827 vessels lost in 1862, we find that Sd were more than 50 years old, 25 more than 60,14 more than 90, and 1 more than 100 years old. The loss amongst colliers is very great; but many of the vessels engaged in coasting trade are totally unfit for sea service under any circumstances, aud are—in fact—but floating coffins, utterly incapable of weathering a storm should they chance to be overtaken in one. The total loss of life in connection with wrecks in 1862, was, as already stated, G9O -, the average of the last ll years giving nearly 800 lives lost each year in British waters; so that for 1862, the record, mournful though it is, is rather light thau otherwise. During the last 11 years the number of wrecks —within the limits embraced in the Wreck Register—was 13,657; the number of clearances inward and outward being, during that period, 2,745,910; the average of wrecks being 1 in 201. The wrecks and disasters in the British waters ' in 1862 are thus classed :— i ' . It is singular to remark that there are wrecks .in calms as well as in storms. It appears that iin perfectly calm weather, 23 vessels were wrecked; in light airs, 28 ; in light breezes, 56; in gentle breezes, 43; in moderate breezes, 110; in fresh breezes, 187; in strong breezes, 195; in moderate gales, 75; in fresh galea, 170; in strong gales, 199; in whole gales, 218; in storms, 63; in hurricanes, 69; and in unknown and variable weather, 52. Tiiis proves that a vast amount of properly is sacrificed and life lost wholly apart from stress of weather It is accounted for by the unseaworthiness of many of the vessels, by the incompetency of many of the captains, and by acts of gross negligence or rashness. Of the 1,827 ships wrecked in 1862, as many as 700 were coaling vessels. It is also worthyofremark,thatofthel,B27shipswrecked, 986 were commanded by captains who did not possess the Board of Trade certificate, of whom, however, 266 were foreigners, and beyond the control of the Board; but the balance were sub ject to its jurisdiction. Turing the last 11 years, upwards of 9,000 lives have been lost at sea in the immediate vicinity of the British coasts. The Wreck Chart is literally black with the indications of ruin and destruction, the site of every casualty being marked with a black spot. We append two or three extracts from the official report:— Wheck fbom Collisions. "It is a lamentable fact, in regard to collisions, that 141 took place in fine and clear weather; the whole number of collisions during the year being- J?38—102 in the day time, and 236 in the nigtot. Last year 11 collisions occurred between steamer?, and 190 between sailing vessels, while both were under way; 32 collisions also took place between sailing j vespels. one being at anchor and the other under way at tbe time; but no collisions occurred between steamers under those circumstances. 46 collisions likewisetook place between i steamers and sailing vessels, both being under way: and 6 only when sailing vessels at anchor were run into by steamers. 53 collisions also occuired by vessels breaking from their anchors or mwriagg. We earnestly trust that tbe admirable regulations which the Board of Trade have just published to prevent collisions at sea will materially tend to ieisen the number of these fearful disasters." "Life Saved l ?? Amidst the desolating scenes which the Wreck Register and Chart reveal, it is consolatory to know that by means of lifeboats, tbe life-preserving apparatus, ships'own boats, and other means. -20.158 lives have been saved from a watery grave during the past seven years, of which 4,039 were rescued last year. ?* The following is a sammary of tbe means used in saving the 4.039 lives from wrecks on .the coasts of the United Kingdom during tbe past year:— By lifeboats aod rocket and mortar apparatus _ 637 By ships, ships' own boats, shore boats, steamers. &c.; ______ 3,389 By individual exertion — ... ......... 13 Total ~ -. — 4.039 "As usual, ships, ships* boats, and smacks have saved more lives in that period than the lifeboats and tbe rocket and mortar apparatus. This apparent discrepancy is sus ceptible of easy explanation. Wnen a disaster takes place in British waters it frequently happens that either a ship or smack is fortunately at band to render assistance to tbe crews of the distressed vessels. Such help is seldom attended with any very great danger (although sometimes it is so), and the men are often brought ashore before any tidings at all hare reached a lifeboat station. But the great value of tbe services rendered by the Uteboats can only be appre ciated by considering that tbey are mostly performed on occasions when no other craft could be launched from the shore with safety." The Life-boats and Tnxm Crews. ??One can hardly conceive a more pitiable eight than a noble ship stranded on asaud-bank during a gale of wind, with ber crew in the rigging, or firing minute-guns as signals of distress, so that tbey may obtain help from tbe shore On observing these signals tbe crew of tbe life-boat immediately put off. Indeed we know of no spectacle more sublime, or more calculated to send the blood thrilling through the veins with admiration and awe than the cool and determined courage and tbe lively charity that sends these poor and often half-starved fisber-fellows out in the dark night, in the midst of bitter frost and snow, into a tumultuous sea and surf, hungry for their bodies in the very teeth of a very furious wind, with death threatening them on all sides, and nothing but their coolness and skill to rely upon to preserve tbeir own lives, to cay nothing of the lives of others—leaving wives and families of little ones at home wbo may never see them in life again. What stout hearts those most be as, yard by yard, they struggle away from tbe dim shore, lost in an obscurity of scud, and surf, and enow, tbinkiag of nothing but their duty—the errand'of mercy and charity before them—through tbe raging tempest, winning their way, though seas that to the landsman are fearful to gaze on, even from tbe safe standing on the beach momentarily threaten to overwhelm them! Out further and furthvr yet into tbe dark void a speck on the waters. Another 6asb of the minute-gun points hut where the vessel is lying i a-round u-ion a shoal, the sea making a clt-an breach over ber, ( and llu-scud and sprayflyingsheerovorhermastheads, wbicb threaten to go every moment. Stand to it, stent hearts! a few more minutes <>f the heavy toil and tbe boat will be , well in to leeward of the wreck, when tbe most dangerous part of tbe whole operations will commence; for there is danger of ber being stove in momentarily, either by contact with the wreck itself, or with the floating spars which may be hanging loosely around her. The relief of a wreck is no , mere chill's play—it often occupies hours of bard, danger ous, and unremitting toil. It is no mere sudden flash of generosity that is required—no enthusiasm bnrnt out as aeon as kindled; bat that steady, undaunted ? pluck' whivh 1 distinguishes 1 requently tbe highest as well as the lowest class of Englishmen in time of danger. How important then is the work of tbe National Lifeboat Institution in providing tbepe messensers of mercy on our oasis, and in encouraging noble deeds of daring in the rescue ofour fel low-creatures from an awful death." The National Lifeboat Institution—a truly noble Society—has now 135 boats under its immediate supervision. Since its formation the Institution has saved 13,220 lives ; and for the exertions necessary to effect this great amount iof good, it has voted 82 gold medals, 733 silver medals, and £17,200 in cash rewards. It has also spent, in lifeboats, carriages, and boat houses, £75,380. —Suck are a fevr of the deeply interesting facts and figures included in the i " Wreck Register " for 1862. 1 vessels. Totally wrecked 415 Seriously damaged ... ... ... 695 Totally lost by collision 66 Seriously damaged by collision ... 272 Injured by collision ... 339 Total 1,827 The following is an analysis of the tonnage of the lost ships: — Vessels under 50 tons 311 61 and under 100 ?' 441 101 " 300 " 784 301 " 600 " 186 601 " 900 " 44 901 " 1,200 '? 20 1,201 and upwards " ... ... 11 Total' 1,827 The ages of the wrecked vessels were as follows:— Under 3 years 122 3 and not exceeding 7 years 271 8 " '? 10 " 131 11 " " 14 " 105 15 " " 20 " 2L6 21 ? ? 30 " 266 31 " " 40 " 125 41 " " 50 " 89 51 " ?? 60 " 25 61 " " 90 " 14 91 " " 100 " 1 Unknown 412 Total 1827 