K1LMAINHAM AND ITS ASSOCIATIONS. ( From Duffy's Hibernian Sixpenny Magazine.) Fair in the morning sun of this yellowing October day stretch out the slopes and uplands, the dells and woods of old Kilmainham. From this height between the Island- bridge road and the forest-land that glooms over the river bank of the murmurous Liffey up to the village of Palmerstown, there lies a scene a poet might grow rhapsodistic about, and a painter attempt to sketch in vain. Far through bosky tintings on the right the eye ranges across garden and lawn, through which still and broad rolls down the stream to be lost in the citv streets, amid the crowd of men, and the hurry qf life. Over the fields that lio on the higher .and further side of the river are dotted cows in groups, or bunches of sheep that a Dutch painter — Ouyp.or Hack luyt— would grow ecstatic about, and transfer in all their picturesque grouping to his canvas. But never yet came a Dutchman of them all who could catch the roll of that award or the tint of that green. Then away beyond the river on the hills of the 'Phoenix*!1 arise the sombre but mellow shadovviags of those hawthorn woods — thick-growing as an Austral scrub forest, that crown those heights and bound our horizon Glimpses of white cottages and neat villas catch the glance as they peer out of hollows from amid hollyhock, laburnums, and drooping willows ; others look down from the wood-crowned emin ences, that are interspersed as if by so:ne giant hand through all the varied spot. To culminate the glories of nature that surround our vision the eye is uplifted to the Dublin Mountains that raise their ranges into the blue sky, and link our look with heaven. A thousand times, no doubt, this fairy scene is passed by way-farers unconscions of its beauty. The stray passenger through the village street of Island bridge, that has such a quaint, old world look, and seems the stony petrifaction of the ghost of old times, cannot think of the seclusion that falls around him, like a mantle of pease and blessedness, in those green fields on the river bank. The mill may clatter beside the bridge, as the miller follows his noisy trade, the tramp ling squadron may be performing its evolution in barracks that disfigures this pleasaunce, the flying train and its puffing engine may be bear ing its busy freight on pleasure or profit, and madly rushing by, but there is room enough for all those vanities to expend themselves in nothingness, whilst we look at calm eyed Nature as she reigns here, or summon history, that monitre3s of pale and wise face, to interpret unto us the characters that time has set in the handwriting of death and change upon this page, first opened by the finger of God. Sixteen hundred aud eighty five years ago, when the Roman was lord ot the lands, when his consuls were in Gaul and Britain, in Spain and Pannonia— *in Europe and in Asia — everywhere rulers of men ; the Brehons and the Ollainhs, the sages, and the Princes, and warriors of uncjon quered Ireland, marked this country of ours into two divisions, to be thenceforth, and for ever, the patrimony of two chiefs of Royal Erinn. The spires and chimneys of the Hospital for decayed soldiers, just visible over the trees, arise above one of the eminences of a chain of hills, or Bsker, that extends from Dublin to Gftlway, and what was called Aisgir Rieda, when the language of trie Gael was murmured Uy princely Irishmen, to noble ladies who loved tho speech, when it was the medium of the flashing eloquence ofonr people, when Bard sang in it, and Brehon taught in it. Here they stood to end their wars in a peaceful arrangement of boundary' . The tall Con, Prince of Loath Con, or all the land oa the nor thern side of this Aisgir, strode haughtily over the green sward, no doubt, as his glance ranged across wood and valley, river and rneadowland, that spread far and wide before him. Dreamed he of hunting the gigantic elk, or the huge red deer that roamed at will through his broad do mains, dreamed he of spearing the salmon that gamboled in the clear river, or, attuned to softer thoughts, did he follow the current of the stream, which flowed down to the City of Hurdles, where the fair princess was drowned in the foaming flood ? The euvious Mogh Nuagath the rival of Cen, as he marked all the portion that fell, to his share, as prince of the land south of tho Aisgir, called Leath Mogha, did he, less gen erous, only look to the value of his possessions ? This is most likely, for thirteen years hardly had rolled away until be gathered his tributaries his gallowgl&sses; and kerns, and woke the flame of battle once more to win half of the dues that were gathered from the harbour of Dublin. How many a gallant fellow bit the dust in the raid be led? — how many a widow mourned for her husband, when tne fight was over? — how oiany an orphan wept the father, by whose knees he no more might climb, to be fondled and car essed? — how many a maiden put on the garb of grief for some youth, whoso fierce, im petuous valour won him death? Cou, prince of the north, and Mogh Nuagath, lord of the south, have laid down their royalty at the feet of the gray ages. Their warriors grew old amid Irish hills, and the mighty anus of the conquering host, became in good time, weak as those of little children — the Brehousand the Ollambs — the statemen and the chiefs— have gone so long ago that the world fogets them and their wisdom; and the widow and the orphan, and the mourning maidens, hare met the loss, whilst the earth rolled through the days of well nigh an hundred generations of the human race, as they grew and lived, feasted or sorrowed around the same old place. What a homily this is on our own pas. sions or our griefs to-day ! Here it is preached in tho murmur of the river, that bears a soDg like burden, that may well seem the echo of melody from bosky dells, far upon its banksf * Wrongly ia this noble Park so called. Popu lar belief assigns its terminology to the Ptioenix sculptured on Lady Chesterfield's pillar, but the derivation is erroneous. The name is taken from the cbalibeate spa well, at the upper end of the Zoological Gardens, called long ago, ' Fion Uiske,' now corrupted into Phceniz. ! where the throstle lifts ' his wood notes wild,'* and tho robin, ' that ever in the haunch of winter sings,' pipes to the day, and the diapason of agitated woods, heaving and swelling in the October winds, like a heart pulsing and throb bing with unknown thoughts, all mingle in a harmony that instrument made by human hands never could rival. The river rolls as then, the sky stretches away above our head, without a wrinkle on its serene face, the land rises and falls in its wonted undulations, and life passes still; grows crabbed and bent, fleets in tears, or starts in sunshine ; whilst the hills are the same the stream as musical, the fields and heaven as fair, as though the passions of men, greed or generosity, their heroism, or their weakness, never disturbed the spot. Four hundred and fifteen years after the dis putes of Mogh Nuagath and Con had ceased, Kilmainham was witness to another sight. On those high grounds to the right, somewhere near that embattlemented gate that rises far in the old elm trees, there came a man of peace and prayer — an Abbot and his monks — to build a church and convent amid the lonely but beau, tiful wilds that spread, in those days, all around this district. Then the red deer browsed at ' evening or slept at. mid-day in the covert of the woods, undisturbed by human presence. The kingfisher dozed on the river-bank, and the hawk soared in the open, seeking for his quarry. It was a meet spot in those times for holy eom innne. In the face of those mountains — in tho shadow of those woods — in the voice of the river there was the presence and the tones of an eternity, not dark and decrepid, but ripe, vig. orous, and crowned with undecaying youth rose the temple from its foundation as the Abbot Maignend — now crowned with the aureole of the saints — and his monks, and their labourers fashioned coign and arch, buttress and pillar, and soon amid the solitude were uplifted the stately spire and the soaring cross. Then at Prime and Matins pealed forth the silver voiced bell, and across tho wood and upland the sound rolled iu harmonioua volume, until the kern heard it on the hills beside the mountain turn, the keyriaght,* as he watched his browsing charge, listened to its vibrations, and the wild bird, startled in the close thicket, cheeped an ~ alarm note in respouse to the unwonted modula tion. How long Abbot Maignend and his monks lived and laboured, prayed and wept here, there is, after one thousand two hundred years, no re cord; but ever since to this day the spot bears his name. The cell of Maignend t was it called, in tho language of our fathers, and to this hour, in the long wilderness over which the dusty ieet of Time have since trodden, the words echo, in the tones of our strange and alien tongue, Borne* what corrupted and barbarized : but still true to tho reverence that won a reputation for the spot from the virtues of this Irish priest long ago. Ages passed away, and the church and convent fell to ruin. Weeds grew in the pleaeatince aud ivy on the wall. The monks died off, and their places were not filled up. The Danish Iuvaders, who settled at the embouchure of the Liitey, and ravaged where they could, had scared them from their peaceful retreat with their lawless wayg and grim impiety, when around the church and amid those bills and dells there came the tramp ling squadrons of a delivering array. McMwr rough, Prince of Leinster, ancestor to him who afterwards delivered his country to the stranger, rose in war against the hordes of the Danish robbers who despoiled his territory, and Brian Boroiinhe — tho great nml heroic King Brian— came down to do battle against the oppressor. The sun set on an August day, in the year 1015, as the white tents of his camp were pitched along this sward ; troop after troop defiled in this quiet place. Knight and gallowglass did their duties — those in command, those in obedi ence; and when the pale crescent of the autumn moon rose up, it lir. the lines where banner and pennant shimmered in the gleaming air — the sentry paced his round and made his shrilly challenge to the silent night some restless chief stalked in slow thought along the ground, haughty and fierce as Mars, and all the wilderness was gorgeous with the panorama of glorious war. Here the sight was renewed night after night until the Christmas of the satna year, and in the bleak December days King Brian broke up his camp at Kiimainham and marched further northward. On Easter Sunday in the following year, again across the Liffey ford advanced tiie satno army, this time tho laurel of victory wreathing their standards, which drooped in mournful honour to the ground. Ihe grandson of King Brian, and if popular tradition be true, tho sou Of the same hero were borne in stately sorrow upon their bloody bier from the triumphant field of Clontarf along those slopes. Solemnly walked the cortege of tried and victorious warriors to the sacred enclosure around the monastery of Maignend, where his dust and that of his monks lay on yonder hill, and there amid* prayer and grief they committed the corses of the noble dead to the earth. Tradition used to point out the grave of the warriors in tbe old burial ground, perhaps even tradition has for« gotten it now. War had again been desolating our shores when Kilmainham owned a »e.»y master, Stroagbow ; 'the sleek and wily Strongbow,'' chose the site as being most fitted for a Priory of the order of the Templar Knights Here, in the year 1174, upon the ruius of the abbey and church, artificer and mason once tnoro came, and tne foundations were laid of the uoblest priory which the far-famed Templars possessed in Europe. For many a rood along tuose banks lay their possessions; vast gar dens were 'arranged and ordered around the fortress, of which they were to be tha keepers. A cemetery then, one of the first in Christendom, was mapped out to hold their dead, and soon atnid the corridors of Kilinainhain stalked the white-robed soldiery of the O oss. Here during some hundreds of years they kept watch and ward, sometimes making a fierce raid * Herdsman, t Kill Maignend. upon the tribes in the hills, sometimes hunted and driven to bay by the O'Byrnes and the O'Tooles. Many a chief ruled over them and theiv Commanderies iu Ireland until the days of Edward the Second, when the Lord Walter de Waters Was Grand Prior of Kilmainham. Then a decree was made by the king and council in England that the Order was to be suppressed. All their property was confiscated and them selves driven out. Walter de Waters made his way through Europe, hunted like an outlaw, and died in sorao eastern land of a broken heart, and the Templars never again were seen in Ireland To them succeeded in possession of Kilmainham the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, and here they held their rule until tho reign of the eighth Henry, when they, too, were visited by the hand of rapine. Those, called variously tha Knights of Malta or St. John of Jerusalem, were ori ginally termed Knights Hospitallers, because they were bound by their rule to reside in an hospital to receive the poor and strangers. The order was iustitnted by certain merchants of Amalfi, in the kingdom of Naples. Those mer chants being traders to the Levant, obtained leave of tha Caliph to build a houso at Jerusalem for themselves and the use of pilgrims, on condi tion that they should pay an annual tribute. Soon after they founded a church in honour of St. John the Baptist with an hospital tor sick pilgrims, from which they took their names. Toe valiant Godfrey de Bouillon, who took Jerusalen in 1099, exeedingly favoured those Hospitallei'3, who, in the reign of Baldwin, the first king of Jerusalem, in 1140, added to their three religious vows another, by which they obliged themselves to defend the pilgrims in the Holy Land from the insults of the Saracens. From that time they became a military order of knights, and vrore for their badge a cross with eight points. They were vowed to celibacy and bound never to make peace with infidels. They used to observe also certain constitutions borrowed from the canons of St. Augustine. Such were the men who succeeded to the possession of the Priory of the Templars. Daring this period the mountain chiefs still followed their war on the Priory of Kilmainbara, at one epoch only being in har mi ny and peace with its possessors. In the regin of Henry the Fifth, Thomas Le Botiller, Prior of Kilmainham, publishing his intention of going to France to fight in tho ranks of King Henry the Fifth, obtained sixteen huuehed volunteers from the Irish hills, who assembled here, and departed for the war under his com mand. At Kouen they performed prodigies of valour, and aided mainly to the victories of that placa In Oressy and at Azineourt their resist less charge was as desperate as ever their des cendants made many a century after against the same hosts and under the same flag iu the bloody field of Peninsular warfare. So the course of events rau on around this old place. Sometimes it was in the possession of warriors — sometimes of abbots and their monks — sometimes the hymn and the wild bird's song alone broke its silence, and sometimes the slogan of angry foes or the wails of wounded and mangled men broke upon the air. Now in the October evening it is tranquil us if the appeased ghosts of the duad hovered upon its stretches. At yonder bridge there was a battle fought between the citizens and the O'Tooles, Across the brawling river the contending hosts strove and struggled whilst the stream rau with blood. Surely it is quiet enough now. Thus the years have rolled over Kilmainham. At one lime measured out for the patrimony of a prince, at another the camping ground of a great h'-3f, agiin the doiuain of a monastery, or the battle-field of hotile armies, the ages have passed over it to mark it with memories that survive their dust. Here Roderick, king of Oonnaught. led his troops against the conquer ing Strongbow, and uiade him sue for terms upon this field. So far did the Irish prince humble the Norman robber, that he acknow ledged him as his sovereign and swore allegi ance to him as his king. Humbly enough did the grasping baron stand beside bis liege lord's bridle rein, as he marched at ihe head of his troops down those slopes across the ford of toe Liffoy and over the heights to Ca?tleknock. and amid all the glory, piicie, pomp, a»d circumstance of war the army -f kin* Roderick passed in splendid pageant from those uplands. Never was such a sititit or. triumph be iveld here after until Art O'Kavanagh.Ciune again at the head of another lino of those Irish wa.iriors, who carried defeat and dismay into the Palesmen, and spread far aud wide the terror of their name and prowes?. From all 'those varied uses there came yet a snore signal change upon the land. Charles the Second decreed that a retreat should be built hers for maiiiied or worn-out soldiers who had serve-d in his army,- juicl yonder it arises, built according to the ordinance near the site formerly occupied by the Gas tie *of Kilmainham— the old residence of the Templar. and Hospitaller of the holy war.si 'ItoupcT about its walls and within its precincts lie tlie bones ol the Ab&otMaignend; and his monks. There is ? interred tho honoured dust of the fated but triumphant slain of Olon tail. Domigh, the grandson of Brian Boroimhe. and many a cuief of Btian's host lie tiiere in the pence that falls upon the:n out of the depths; tha silent years liava gone through their revolu tions — sHintner and wiutor.^spring and autumn, whilst they tested there, since, ftlen who had it from tiieir fathers, and they from theirs, tell their children tliat in that old uurying-grouno the son of Brian, Murrougn, has , found his grave; nay, even they point out the spot. As if to corroborate them, wiany years ago an old cross, one of those antique stone crosses peeuliai to our country, fell from its base, and in the socket were' found many Danish coins. In tip Rtv.il Hospital thero ia still shown to th Cimoiis, a ponderous sword, :eatt.-n'w ith rust aiii age consumed by tho gnawing tooth of tiui- ?wiiiuit irauiiion assigns to have been that u Piu.ce Munougti. Is it the blood of the slau invaders that has gathered upon it in thosi brow 11 incrustations? ..Warm from the grasp ui the uoro'tt band, it must have been laiji down 4 with his corpse ; red with the gore of battle, it must have been consigned to the repose from which it has been raised only to make the wonder of a chance visitor. In the memory of such vicissitudes as this old spot has seen, how deep »he suggestions that arise within the soul. All the life and passion, all the schemes and plottings, all the blood and cares that have sunk like fleeting visions down this sward. Yet here lie, in this October evening, the sunset rays glinting and tinting every blade of grass, every elm and ash, every flower in the mead, and every ripple on the stream, as in the days» of Oon and Maignend, Roderick and Art. What a glorious land it was — this laud of ours — in other times, when the bards sang its joy in such ecstasy as a bird in tbo forest, whose tones gush out of a heart ot happiness. A poet, worthy of the days of Irelaud's most poetic fame, catching the spirit in which the harp once rang in the bower and ball, pictures his country in the time of a great and wise prince, Oathal More of the Red hand, son of Turlogh, king of Oonnaught, who died in the year 1224. So lemnly, like a dirge, its echoes fall and mingle with the vesper bells that ring in the hush of eve: — 'I walked entranced Through a land of morn ': The sun, wiih wonderous excess of light Shone down arid glanced Over seas of corn And lustrous gardens, aleft and right Even in the clime Of resplendent Spain Beams no such sun upon such a land ; j But it was the time, 'Twas in the reign ; Of Cathal More of the Wine- red hand. Anon stood nigh By my side a man Of princely aspect and port sublime, Him queried I, 'O, my Lord and Khan, What clime is this, and what Golden time?*' When— 'The clime Is it a clime to praise, The clime is Erin's, the green and bland j And it is the time. These be tho days Of Cathal More of the Wine-red hand 1' Then I saw thrones And circling fires, And a dome rose near me as by a spell, Whence flowed the tones Of silver lyres, And many voices in wreathed swells, And their thrilling chime Fell on mine ears As the heavenly hymn of an angel band, 'It is now the time, These be the years Of Oathal More of the Wine-red hand' '* O sweet singer, numbered long among the dead and gone, how mournfully thrills thy melody! Was such the song of Isreal by the waters of Babvlon, when the singers wept, remembering fair Zion, and lone Bethany, and the Lakes of beauteous Galilee? Did thy lyre gain its ten derness from the touch of woe. and desolation, and suffering? Or was its music won from faint echoes that trembled down through the airs of silent ages, and by some wonderons sympathy of any nature, fell upon thy listening soul to be interpreted to sA\ men and all times? Across the stilly wood there comes a soft breeze that, it may De, answers me in its low murmur ing ; it plays acnongst the sedges on the pool it ripples the broad river, and whirls the dust on the wbife road, and is gone, as thou art. What is life or joy, melody or beauty, but a passing breath ? ? * ' A Vision of Oonacht in the Thirteenth Century,' by James Clarence Mangan, in the 'Book of Irish Ballads,' in Duffy's 'Library of Ireland.' ^ ' ' . m. General M. K, Lawler. — A foremost fighting man of Grant's army, and formerly Colonel of the 18th 111. Yol . ia spoken of by a war cor respondent of the Philadelphia Press, thus : — ' Among the celebrated and prominent officers of General Grant's army is Brigadier- General Lawler, or, as he. is known among the troop3 ?' the check shirt General,' and by others as the ' Garibaldi of the West.' General Lawler is from Illinois, where t he owns an extensive farm, from which, by his in dustry as an agriculturist, he has obtained a position of opulence. Wlwn the rebellion broke out, he was at work in the field, am', musing on the matter whila following his plough, he determined to give bis personal services to tne government. He raised a regiment of troops, and subsequently was elevated for meritorious services to his present rank. General Lawler is a fair representative of tho Western farmer. He is nearly six feet in height-, built in proportion, weighs over two hundred pounds, and is about fifty yours of age. In his military position he eschews all ostentation. In :he(ielr! and carr.p he wears an crdinary suit of blue flannel, his trousers tucked into his boots, arid a white felt hat. He wears no insignia indicative of ru'nk except a gold cord on his hat.- As a soldier, he s.-ar.ds veil, is a happy conversationalist and humorist-, and as a disciplinarian is strict. He has *erred in all the battles on the Mississippi.' General Lawler is an Irish-American, who feels a noble pride in the origin of his family. — Boston Mob Cultivate your rich aunt if you have one, even though she keeps you wailing in her ante room. ' You are very pressing,' as the filbert ?uid to the nutcrackers. Men don't live now, like Diogenes, in a ub, but a great many make tubs of themselves. hy is the letter 0 like the equator ? — ;ecru6e it is a circle dividing the gl o-bs into two qual parts. Why is it vulgar to send a telegram? — Because it is making use of flash language; 