ENGLAND. The Euxine, wjtli tlie express portion of the June Australian nwls, arrived at Marseilles, on 13th August; the letters and papers were delivered in London on 15th August. The Bipon, with the gold and heavy portion of the mails, left Malta on 9th August, and arrived Southampton on 19tii August: the letters sqd papers were delivered in London the same day. Parliament was prorogued by Boyal Commission on 26th July until the I4th October. _The Queeq, Princes llel^na, Princess Beatrice, Ppnce Alfred, and Prince Leopold left Windsor Uastle oq the afternoon of the 11th of August, and proceeded on bgard the "Victoria and Albert yacht to Antwerp. Her Majesty and the royal children arrived in the eve ingat the palace of Lacken. On the 15th, her Majesty, the royal children, and suite, reached their destination of Kosenau, Coburg. Tjie Queen is about to proceed to Potsdam for a few days to visit herdanghter, the Crown Priucess of Prussia. •« e 1 nnce and Princess of Wales are residing at Abergeldie -Castle, near flalmoral. The birthday- of I rince Alfred—his royal highness having been born on the 6th of August, 1844,—was celebrated at Windsor with thp customary rejoicings. A somewhat unpleasant incident preceded the Queens departure from Woolwich. -One of the o^ciajs, who lin^st-be known and should be dismissed, in a transport of flunkeyism issued an order which for 24 .hours threatened even her Majesty's popularity. Not pnly were the police ordered to ,, a r r®f t" "loiterers" who might wish to look' at the Queen, but all officials' who might chance to approach their own office- windows-were threatened mthinstant dismissal. The decree read, in feet, nte.one from the ^Arabian Nights," and the public only wondered that tho cats were not officially warned against exercising their proverbial privilege. The order has, we are happy to say, been pointedly repudiated on the part both of tbe Queen and of tljg Secretary at War; but :{he precautions taken, though not quite so despotic, must have been most Offensive to Her Majesty.- A most angular case of slander was tried at Bristol on the loth August. Mr Stogdon, a fermer, was engaged to a ipss Leete, but, discovering that he drank hard, the lady broke o& the engagement and contracted herself to a Mr Pidsley. Meeting theip iu the street, Stogdon declared he woulfi expose her, that she had slept with hin» repeatedly, and followed her, using the same language, into a railway carriage. Mr Pidsley naturally insisted on an inquiry, and as Stogdpn, pressed by a lawyer, peremptorily refused tp retract, an action was brought for slander, damages L2000. The defend? ant appeared in the box aiid swore positively to his statement, giving dates and places with singular particularity, but the evidence, including that of a doctor of the highest character, was overwhelming upon the other side. The judge directed the officers to detain Stogdon to answer to a prosecution for peijury, and the jury found a verdict for plaintiff, uut Willi damages of only 1.G0." Female cliastifv see us not to hold a very high va!ue in Bristol, where the very same jury would have given the same plaintiff at least LiOOO had Stogdou, during liis engagement, happened to change his miud. He is nop, moreover, to be indicted lor pc-rjuiy, -becausc, said the judge,, there is no criminal assize held in Bristol, and a prosecution at Gloucester would be an expensive atiair. Jn order to understand the full injustice committed iu tjii^ pase, it should be Compared with another, tried Liverpool five days after. Mr Fciitou, manufacturer, wjis engaged to Misi Barber, daiyhter of q cotton broker. The engagement lasted eighteen mouths, wliep AJr Feuton, eitlier repenting his offer, or irritated by bickerings, or, as was liiuted but not proved, disappointed as to his fiancees means, wrote her a most think and mauiy leuer, telling her lie had mistaken his own mind, and breakiug off the engagement. The lady was still under eighteen ; but her friends brought an action for breach of promise, and the jury -actually gave a verdict with three thousand pound damages. The case w^s entirely yitlioqt aggravating circumstances, and had tjie woman from the same motives aud iu the same way jilted the man, he would never havg recovered a penny. A few more actions of this kind, and men will be compelled to propose, " reserving all rights," tq word their letters as cautiously as despatches, to stipulate that ajl kisses shall be " without prejudice," and only venture to flirt under counsel's advice. Statists already cunjp'ain of tiiesuperabundauce of spinsters, but eyery victory of this kind ruins ten girls' chances of settlement. Tlie most favorable accounts of the crops come from all parts o£ the country. The late heaVy falls of rail}, fpllowed by intense heat, are said to have improved the crops, which were liastening too fast to "maturity. All kinds qf grain crops are iu excellent condition, and as yet there are lio complaints of the blight on tjie potatoes, which are remarkably good this year. We take tlie following canard from the Paris Presse—" There is a serious talk of a marriage which will greatly astonish those who have not \ ci lizard of it. '.'.his marriage is to be between tlie yueen ot England aud the ox-King of Portugal, tlie same who refused the Greek throne. i he explanation of this marriage with King Ferdinand is' tliat he was uncle of prince Albert, Queen Victoria's late husbaud. During the thirty-one weeks ending the fjrst dav of August, no less than 1448 deatlis occurred from small-pox in tlie metropolis. Since 1843 the mortality has but twice been iu excels of this amouut for tlie whole year—in 1844 and 1848. The ratio of death to cases admitted into the Small-pox anu Vaccinatiou Hospital from 1835 to ISiji inclusive, was nearly SO per cent. Assuming ihat the proportion ol" ileatns to cases in the present epidemic has been one to five, it would follo>v that upwards of "000 persons have suffered from this mqst loathsome but most controlable malady in .London within the past seven months. An linglisii photographer lately topk a photograph of the eye uf an ox a few hours after death ; and on examining the impression through the microscopu. dis.im.tly perceived depictcd oa Uie retina the exact delineation of the stqnes with which the slaughterhouse was paved, being the last object which alfecled the vision of ilie animal on bending do>vn its head to receive the fatal blow. Tlie cuiiieijuence deduced from mis is that if tlie eyes of a murjered man be photographed a few hours aftvr deatli, the likeness of the murderer will be found on his • reiin., that being the last object he can have seen during he death struggle. The Queen has caused a letter tq bp written to the Mayur of Birmingham in reference to the recent tight-rope accident at Aston Park. iler jiajesty expresses her horror that one of her subjects, a female, should liave been sacrificed to tlie gratilieation of a demoralising taste, and further trusts that the mayor use his influence to prevent the park from bang degraded by any similar exhibitions in future. IL Du ChaiUu. tlie celebrated traveller, departed from St Katharine's lJocks in the ship JUeuior, on 6th August, for Africa. Amongst his stores is a complete photographic apparatus, for the purpose of taking views;uortraits of animals, &c.; M. Du Chaillu has received iesspns in the art of photography from Mr U. Claudet, who has taught hiui his newlydiscovered quick process, by which means moving accidents by flood and field' can be transmitted to paper. Under the epigrammatic title of " The American Iliad in a Nutshell," there appears in Mcu:miUan't Magazine for this month a little article by Mr Carlyle. It is about the smallest magazine article ever published. Here is the whole of it:—" Peter of the North (to Paul of the South).—Paul, you unaccountable scoundrel, I find you hire your servants for life, not by the month or year, as 1 do 1 You are going straight to Ilell, you —! Paul—Good words, Peter! The risk is my own ; I am willing to take tbe risk. Hire you your servants by the month or the day, and get straight to heaven ; leave me to my own method. Peter.—Ko, I won't, I will beat your brains oat first 1 (And is trying dreadfully ever since, but cannot yet manage it.)—T. C. May, 1863." A shocking tragedy was committed on the 31st July, in St Pancras. For several months past there have resided on tlie first floor of a house in Marylebone road, a young woman, her child, and a nurse. The mother of the child stated that her name was Mrs Chappel, and that the nurse was Miss liusselL After she had taken the lodgings a gentleman repeatedly visited her, and represented liimself as her husband. These visits continued until seven weeks ago, when they had a quarrel, and the visits were discontinued. On the return of the servant from market on the above day, she found that the door of Mrs Chappel's room was locked, and heard moaning sounds, which proceeded from tlie interior of the room. Not being able to obtain admittance, in her fright she ran for Mrs Chappel's medical adviser. On effecting an entrance into the room,"they l'qund Mrs Chappel lying on the floor bathed in blood,wbicli proceeded from wounds inflicted on her throat, and the child on the bed, covered over vitli'a pi- low. First directing bis attention to Mrs Chappel, the surgeon sewed up t he" three large gashes in her throat. Ho next attended -the child, which had a wound an inch below the nipple. On 2nd August tlie child was seized with alarming .symptoms, and died. Behind the shutters the police found a small stiletto, or dagger, the end pt which was bloody up to about three inches, and a razor, the handle of which wis covered with blood. It appeared from the admission of the young woman herself, that after slie had sent tlie nurse to market she stabbed the child in the place mentioned, she then cut her own throat and afterwards fainted. Reviving after some time, aiid fiuding licr child still alive, she, after giving lier throat two other cuts with tlip razor, took a pillow and, placing it upon the face of her child, lay upon it; but it appears she afterwards slipped down pn the floor to the position in ifhich she was found. The young woman's real n^nie is Sarah Emily Mitchell, and the nurse, Mary Mitchell, is her sister. " She is' said to hare, been seduced by the person vrho visite^. her, while in liis employment as housekeeper, The woman is at present m a most dangerous condition. At an inquest held on the body of the child, a verdict qf wilful murder "was returned .against Sarah Mitchell. " • ^THE HOK. JOHN O'SIIANASSV xsd HIS SONS.— We (_M. JJ. Mail,) extract the following paragraphs; from the Home News, verbatirn. It was lately reported that the ex-Chief Secretary was about: to visit Ireland. Apropos 1 of tliat rumour the following curipus itgms.ofnews will bp read with interest :— " Tbp Tipperarg Free Press reports at length the proceedings wliicli took place at a banquet given in Dobbyn's Hotel, in the town <}f Tipperary, tp the three sons of the lloq. Jqlrn O'Sh^unassy, member of tlie Legislative Assembly of Melbourne, .These young gendemen 'fo on a Wit to their! fcithsr's nativeplace, and .the occasion wasavailedof Jjy the yeople of the district to pay them a compliment.: There was a large attendance at the banquet." The -sacond paragraph,wiuchia fuUof em~T77; —" Two aons of the HoiTjohn Prime Minister of AustX" S l ^ ing at Dobbyn's Hotel, S some of their relatives who^de'm w They havebeen lately sU^Jwith,?-^ ^ the Eev Mr o Z S T S r , ? ' writer in ' „ referent to the physical and p o h & ^ V ' these colonies. In one of the ^ TTS ? ? ! Hon J. O'Shanassy is desoribi ^ , . ^ ? ^ ' Legislative Assembly of MeuZ"' •JtfgP*- as - the Prime Minister of SERIOCS ACCIDENTS AT A CEICKET wedn«rfay Captain Stewart,of met with a venous accident while eneaerft, at cricket in the barraok-field at WriMcht™ the Household Brigade and tte^afe Captain Stewart, in attempting tocatd,. Z ? from thp wipket^ fractured the mida e fi^®f left hand, vrluch was also severely hu*£L «*Boral Artme^US^ the wounded liand was carefully attended being informed that amputation would be naS he was removed-to London at hi own^ ' Capuun Taswell, Royal Artillen-. wounded in the same match. The ball I S with terrible force between theeyes,andfo" a^ " it was feared that the hlow w a skt5 T & jnU, it is stated, bear traces qf the wound How TO KLPBOVISE A GHOST — AS pull!IT. tpn is now; being much occupied whh tha ^ tipnal illusions, "Professor Pepper's G ) ' following instructions for exhibiting a «S,, the i W , Jo^a, of Photography ™ t b terestuig :_« Erect a stage about 6ft. "or V, v jnd a fevr feet back from the front place lv a L Z for the support of a large sheet of pUte-AL, tlie plate glass even so large as to fill „p Pwg t h" '! stage aperture, it would be so much the better it would .do away with the uprights • h„ ' rfourscs of the glass-maker's art would' not »li„ ^its being done. An aperture as wide as ^ eW must exist in -the floor of the stage. ® from the front to the plate-glass. Tte VcHf, stage front should be lined with black Trimother non-reflecting substance, and directlv i„ centreand up against this black background rtiM marked a place where the living embodiment of 1 -gliqst ts to stand. A powerful light, but vit i t means of lowering it' to a minimum, is now adius* so that the living figure now standing in sita L Y lighted, care being taken that none of the rays «- allowed to escape over tne top of the stase fror The stage itself is so lighted from the top or s^ l>g1't is allowed to fell upon the lame T,IV of glass The Ghost is in her place, the shrt' before the lamp which illumes her, the alchemist seated moodily at the side of the stage, the 1H.1 exhibition is darkened, nought being lighted bur stage, when at the proper time the screen is sf from T the ghost's light, or its gas is slowly turuedV and the image is reflected from the glass plr (which, bj the way, is not itself observed bv ' audience), the ghostly image of course appearing be as far behind the glass plate as it really infra of it. The audience see with equal distinctness t' objects on thp stage through tlie plate-glass audi spectral image is reflected in the direction of the audience, and not above their heads as would beth case wcrejthe mirror placed in an exactly rerti position," " ' 