-Among tbe theatrical successes of the psst lohdói IBBBOOI wblob »re attrnotiog'audience*, wheo most o tbe metropolitan tbetttes »re closed, we notice tbi "Handled Hen;-' with /Professor Beppor'a, GboB Huston, al the Adelphi, and at ; tba. Olympie that verj Interesting domcstie, drams, ."The Ticketof-Leati Man," by Mr. Tom T.ylori In whioh both-inefdeot enc sen'iment sra of a oharaoter to touoh'-our beal sympelbies. , r ,-;-i-'"?'; - i. A parody of tba " Dame taz Camélias" is now being perfoimed at the Theatre Sejezetin Pirie, lt Ii entitled ?'Madame Camelia befóte Sebastopol," and .represents tba Frenoh soldiers before Sebastopol playing the 'joanger Sornas* piece, then in vogue 'at- Pari» without a book, and entirely extempore. A corporal plays "Armand Uaval,'.1 tho father is.a.toinboar.m»jor, and a foil- grown vivandieio is the eonsomptive-heroine, Mr. Cattley, a' rising soulptor, whose bas relit fa-ol animals weto much admired, died at Borne en tba 38m af Jane. - - . ._' ; \ >. , : .,., -, . ... ; . \- Baron Tiuohnlte announces tba 600th - volume; of bia " Collection ot British authors, copyright edition." It con'alnf tba ** Sunbeam Stories." , ? "Toe Kings of Skabspsre," by vTnoaot Knauer..", a contribution to jdrieprudeoer," ia tho singular ' title of a email, work rsoently published at Vienna. , .>.<.. M-. A. Sullivan, whose élever masía, to Shikeper^'j Tempeai*» met with mach critical eulogy, bas neatly finished an opera founded open a well-known legend, ; . T. e Herme de» Deux Monde» bas. j asl been, prohibited at Borne in p. xis- gu, noe ol the novel of George Sand, "Mademoiselle dais Qiintlnie." . So Buooessfal hts been 9oano£'s " Fsus." at Covent Girder, that the promise of produoing the "Orfeo" and the " Katille de Norf," csBoot be falfl lsd. A ramonr is earning mnoh sensation in P^ria tbat tbs Countess Batbysnyi it about to enter on the professioo of an aetresa-making her eppearanoo at the Boole de Jeunes Artiste» ia the fir'l ioitsnce, and afietwatds, ii t'iere successful, st tbe Tbraira Francair, As s writer o' flo ion, tba Countess Bitbyanyi bas already won for h-rielf the dlstioctioa af belog elected member of tbs (¡ocíete des Gene de Lettres, 