THE GOLD DlrCOVhllY KBAU UOCKUjUiPrOST. (JVottt ihr Iio*hlar)-uiuH lSulletin. Seutembtr 22.) Wmnn Hie ^itat lonught vague surmises have been floating about Re--;khampton n httive to the discovery of a rich auriferous deposit in the vicinity, aud public curiosiiy has been greatly ex cited by the announcement, on apparently credible authority, thai u puity of men hud applied to the water police magi«trato v ith the v tew of obtaining a reward to which they believed they were entitled by the result of their prospecting. It was, in fact* stated that lour men hud procured iu seven weeks some hundred ounces of gold within two days' journey ot Rookhomplon ; and, though cunttntancouswith the publication of the report we said that ihciewas -tu reliable jntonuHtion as to the details, and cau tioned our readers a^uinFt r Mravagant anticipations, tbe comma, nily maniietAcd decidedly feverish symptoms, which, per tele graph, cxleLdtd themselves to Brisbane and Sydney, in iioLbuampion, However, uitcr a tew uaysT discussion, tne mutter, f--r wunt of further und more accurate information, died uway, until on Friday evening lust euch definite intelligence reached town that we det-ided upon sending two members of our staff to. seek the diggings, and procure ocular demonstration cf their pr- sent condition and future prospects, The icptrt sup plied by those gentlemen, iB a« follt-we :— ' Starling from town at six a.m. on Saturday morning, the first obstacle to oui progress wa6 afforded by tbe punt, which, being only odautril to cross horses at ccrluin sutcs of the tide, was then moored in the stream, and necessitated an en ire change of pro giurnmc and dependence upon the horsc-hiring capabilities of the north aide. From AJcssrs, Murphy and Daoie JJ, however, we Sor lunately obtained steeds, and ut D a.m. efftctcd a good start. The Toad indicated to us wus that running lo Mr. Ross' station, and is so clcuir that it is unnecessary lo describe more than tbe main lundmarkt— Mr. Thozet's, Stevens', and the Gap through Bersaker Range, where the track, abruptly leaving the river, enters, Ou sighting Mr. Roes' station we kept his fences on our right, and upon reaching the extreme corner of the paddock a teat-uud a column of smoke, in a truull gully to the left, pointed out at once the object of which we- were in search, Lu riding down, we found four men butily engaged in burning out a huge log— wiih picks, sbovclf, di-hes, and innumerable small test holes around, sufficiently marking their occupation. When we bad duly imroducca ourselves, and J-omewhat diminished the reserve and turpiite which our unlooked-lor appearance and doubtful intentions had created, wc were received wiih the hearty hospi tality of the genuine digger, and icvtied, while the indispensable bill} was bung boiled, lo take a look at the workings, ?* It will, however, be udNisatle, before describing theee, to at tempt ahatty portraiture of the locality, in order that our readers n.ay comprehend the leatures of thu recent addendum to our mineral redout eee, ' The first thing, then, that strikes ono after topping tbe range dinning the upp» r portion of Mr, ltoss' paddock, from the gully where the embryo oiggings arc situated, is the rapid change ia the nutuie of the country. From a swampy flat and long valley covered with rich grasrea and bordered by broken ronges of rounded foim and intignitteant height, you come upon asccne ti nt, with a few local peculiarities, reminds one forcibly of tbe Lendigo country. Abiupl ranges, concealing by a luxuriant carpet of coaise herbage the debris of quartz with which tluy arc strewn, irend away to lhe north-west Ji'i- miles and flunk prcc/pitoos blind crcck6 tbat in their sinuous course face every point of the compatt. Iu some pl&ccs; a hlU-side uppears pi rfeetly e carped, lbs creek being filled with rotten and crumbled burnt quariz, and the reefs from which it has been abraded pro jieting in huge boulders above the eurface of the ground. Ia other spot? spits cf alluvial drift form long points and miniature islLi.ds in the creeks, while over all the ironbark appears the gluemy guiiidian of the presumed wealth below. Veins of slato imcisici the cieckf, and with pipccby, quartz, and green stone f' j 111 their bed. The gold hitherto got ia procured by removing (be pure drift sand lying on the surface, and then washing a thin kyir of blue; gruvel tnd decomposed slate, which divides the drift fttm the bed of the creek, *? Wc were shown in a pannikin some few pennyweights of gi-ld, ur.-i & c-pot v;hore ahno&t; in the first dibh of earth an ounce Kiipge t— to'rf* in tho possession of 3Jr. Laws— was discovered, A peitonal trial of a pan of earth yielded nothing of an auriferous nature, hut from tr.oihcr pan taken close by, but a little deeper* one of 1L9 proepectore washed several specks of gold. Oas of the four- then accompanied us for a short ramble in the vicinity, show ing a scries of gullies similar to the one in which tbey were woiking, ar.d pointing out numerous scratches iu the beds, in [.early all of w hich he said a fair prospect could be obtained. Wc are told that it was twelve months since one of the party first eon l-4»p\atcdmuigilc loculity, but that from inability' to procure good maicH he bad postponed prospecting till about a month since, when he end another set to in the gully in which the four itc now camped, und at the very first trial obtained soch a proa pest that, in his own words, he thought tbeirfortuneg were made* liat iDg increased the party to four, they continued prospecting in the neighbourhood, travelling to town by night to procure ra 1 liot-p, £nd coucring to avoid discovery whenever tho crack of ihc stockwhip told the vicinity of men from the station. Ludicrously enough, the appearance of one of them at Mr, Rops' station, in the guiso of a carpcnter in search of work, provoked eome inquiry, from certain telling clay pacbes on his clothcs ; and, scenting sus picion, our mining ad venturer so adroitly skedaddled that the men on the fetation set him down as a ghost, and in the case of eertaia sawjers, wc were told, manifested something more than a childish nightly dread of the reappearance of the apparition. Discovery, considering their propinquity to ahead 6tation9 came very taroy, and was brought about, they said, by tbe wan dering ol their horses; they arc now, however, perfectly recon ciled to any prospective irruption tbat may be poured into their heretofore 'secluded gully. They have been a month on the gTound, and, putting the odd times together, a week at actual nork in the gully first opened. The result of one week's work, they assured us, was five ounces of gold; and they expressed themselves perfee'ly satisfied wilh the prospect before them. It was not their intention, could they have kept concealed, to have remained in the gully they just found out, as tbey believe far richer epots to exist* mote especially towards Mount Wheeler— a lofty hill seven miles north-west of their present camp. They fancied themselves, how ever, too weak to carry on prospecting eo much nearer to the coafct, as the natives arc very numerous there, and disposed to bo turbulent. Looking, therefore, at the fact that the discovery w liich has ntw taken place will most probably result in a minia tu re 1 tub, the y have naturally resolved to benefit as much as pos sible by it individually, and, prior to any farther move, work out the claims they have eecurcd. Plenty of water from the late rains is close to it, in fact, over much of the soil to be worked ; and, as the wash dirt is not very plentiful, it would tako a very f-hort time to work out any of the blind ravine-s to which the atten tion of the party now appears confined. There is no running stream cn the: ground to sluice wilh, mid wc think, moreover, the description of wash-dirt submitted to our inspection would, in any case, require the operation of puddling 10 be performed. Even the « ti we saw— &r;»dwc leave it 10 tbe Teauer tc judge if the twst patch was exhibited— would pay handsomely wiih proper implements ; and when the prospecting of these four men is sup plemented by a couplc of hundred QLhcre, we look for the dis eovciy cf further denosits. In the country wc were shown there me lo well define d flats or ranges like those bordering the Vic torian l«udf, 'jut the prospectors told us that wc were, as wc could ict.dny imagine, only on the margin of the gold country, and that a mile or two further on the appearance was far more promising, and the indications of gold more plentiful. Four mi^cs fnnu tbe exmi) it u tun water arm nf the l'itzroy, and within a mile at.u a-hr.lf— or, counting ihe head slaUcu, a mile — is p. nevrr-fuiling sup]ly of water. Of course thi' water in the gullies below and r.car the camp is only calcu lated to lan £ short time, and with a number ol diggers on thes ground would Fpecdily Le mcd up. Time and labour alone will lcvetl the- \uluc of this discovery of a large area of auriferous depe^it. At present it offers no attractions for any except those vLo have Un- means and perccvcrancc to pursue what may as ycl turn out but the indications and marginal deposits of a pay» uL-le gold-field. One thing is perfectly clear, that the men whoare now at voi I; bate displayed an acuteuesg in their scleotion of ft locality vkcic'in to coinnunee operations, and un energy and ei.LLiiiUce iiicairyir.goui their trials, that merit a substantial re v.ml; Mid ve tiu^-i tbe citizens of Rockhamptoa, to whom will ii.dutitaVy ai-cm, iu the event of ihc discovery of a goldfield \\\:i nd-an\ape. will testify their appreciation by a liberal contri bution lo ihc -ir*t Hicccbsful gold-finder. ' With ibe cirections wc have given, no one can miss finding the Hj.ot ; and the ditumee may be imagined when, starting as w 0 hu\c said ai nine a.m., wc uk.tCm there ut noon ; and leaving at half-} p.bt three, were, with tome de-tcntions on the road, bads H'uin in Rockhampton ut nine a.m. On our return we inc. Mr# P.nbf, Mr, Kccnc (the New South Wales Government geologist), and tergeuni M'tfuhont going out thither, ' It may be- tco much lo expect, should the gulley now taken up yield at all well, but wo cannot help expressing a hope, that the udvinture-re gi'ing out to the new diggings will act liberally in the liihtter of ground lo the original probpcctons and err, if at nil, in extending, rather than restricting, the claims already taken up. ' Although s 0 short n lime bus clapped macc the locality which the original party opened was divulged, some score of people have leli Rockhampton, aud may at any lime during tbe nay be seen crossing the river on ibeir road. Happily tbo di?tuuco i* co near, ai.d supplies may be so readily procured, that even in the event of disappointment no great loss or hazard can accrue* while everything conspires just at this particular period to favour the thorough trial whicb the neighbourhood will doubtless receive. There is in the formation of the ground good reason for the belief entertained by the prospectors that quart/ mining will ultimately form a leading feature oC the locality. The gold shown to us was angular, and, as graphicuHv dcscribcd by one of the party, * Gold that had not travelled far,' Testing reefs is, however, a tedious and ex pensive prcccw, requiring appliances that are not at present to bo procured cither on the ground or in Rockhampton, and but one epeeimcn ot gold'beoring quartz has as yet been found at Ross* diggings. A verv few days will afford definite intolligenoe as to the probability of the new discovery retaining for permanent work any of those who have so hastily rushed thittCer. Gold is there, apparently in payable quantities, though we eaw nothing testifying to the existence of any very rich deposit, or calculated to create a desire to forsake the more cor tain, il less lucrative* returns of ordinary employment' Mr. Kcenc, mineralogist to the Government of New South Wales, has courteously furnished us with the undermentioned opinions ss to the gold discovery near Eo&s;' station:— 'Tha geological formation of the locality where the men are at work ia too rcccnt to bo very auriferous, being similar in charaoter to that of the Canoona diggings, extending apparently from the Serpentine Ranges in the vicinity of Apis Creek, to the Eersaker Range, Beyond Apis Creek, and com prising the Peak Xfowns, tho formation of tbe country geologically speaking, is of an older upheaval, and of an age and. charaoter known to contain tioh deposits— such, for instance, aa tho Lachlan gold-fields In New South Wales, The reoent gsplogy Is distinguished by comparatively barren quartz reefs, and Hr« Kecno knows of no payable gold-field on it in New South W ales. With regard to thelocality of Boss1 diggings Mr, Eeene thinks it probable that the upheaval like that or Peak Downs may be found nearer tho coast. a . ? . . Mr. Eeene has, we believe, supplied a more detailed report or Ross' diggings to the Folice Magistrate ; but, U aooordanoo witn official etiquette, it will be transmitted to the Executive jvior wfc being made publiOf 