CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF GLOUCESTER AND BRISTOL AND THE BISHOP OF GOULBURN. THE impressive ceremony of consecrating and ordaining two f' godly and well-learned men" to be bishops was perfermed yesterday by the Primate, in the cathedral church, at Canter bury, with all the forms which the inquiring student will find detailed in the" Codex juris Ecclesiastice Anglicani." One of these reverend men will devote himself to the ever increasing episcopal work of a see in which thirty mitred predecessors have laboured since Christianity replaced the composite idolatry of our remote British and Saxon ancestry ; the other goes forth to the antipodes to one of those noble English colonies, the rapid growth of which has justified the creation of a new see by the subdivision of the one originally established. Additional solemnity attached to the cere mony from the day being the Feast of the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary. Canter bury cathedral has been the scene of some of the most important consecrations of modern times, including one or two of the earliest of our colonial bishops; but the cere mony does not recur with sufficient frequency to divest it of the deep interest with which it is always viewed by the orthodox members of the Establishment. It was no great wonder, therefore, that the attendance was exceedingly numerous. "Learned clerkes" flocked from all parts of the fair county of Kent to do honour to the first occasion on which the Primate has officiated since his installation. The seats in the presbytery were filled by clergymen and friends of the bishops about to be consecrated, while the nave be yond was crowded by a dense mass of the laity, of whom ladies formed an overwhelm ing majority. Morning prayer was read at eight o'clock, at the conclusion of which the cathedral was cleared; but long before eleven, the time fixed for commencing the ceremony, the entrances were surrounded by a number of persona, more than sufficient to fill cvery point from which a view of the proceedings could be obtained. The principal actors in the ceremony reached Canterbury from London about eleven o'clock, by a train on tie London, Chatham, and Dover railway, which left at a quarter before eight a.m. Immediately on arriving, the archbishop, the bishops, and the ecclesiastical officers proceeded to the audit-room, where they were received by the dean, canons, and clergy of the cathe dral. After robing, a procession was formed in the north choir aisle in the following order:-First came the Dean of Canterbury, the Very Rev. Henry Alford, D.D., and the chapter of the cathedral; then Mr. Dyke, her Majesty's proctor, and Mr. Shepperd, the principal registrar of the province; and following, in succession, the Bishop Designate of Goulburn, the Bishop Elect of Gloucester and Bristol, the Vicar-General of the Province, Dr. Travers Twiss, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop of Sydney, the Bishop of Worcester, thil archbishbop's apparitor the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Reovs. AIr. Burkeo and Mr. Dunning, the archbishop's chaplain, and secretary. On entering the choir, the archbishop proceeded to the north side of the altar; the bishops' aosistants to seats on the south side; and the bishops elect and designate, who as yet were habited only in their black gowns, to seats set apart for them ha the sacrarium. The dean, canons, anti the six preachers of the cathedral took seats appointed for them right and left of the altar within the rails, while the minor canona and master of the choristers occupied tei accustomed places. The ceremony om, menced by the archbishop reading tbh com munion service with the full clear voice as dim pressive manner for which he is so cele ?tedi The responses to the service and the iticen Creed were both admirably sung by the choir. The very rev. the dean then ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent a appropriate sermon from the tenth cha tero the Gospel according to St. John, var of " The good shepherd giveth his life for th sheep." Pointing out how- indispensa[bl s?e denial was to accomplish any just or goad work, he proceeded to show how soon5ao one who devoted himself faithtflly to the ministry found that he had entered on career of self-renunciation, the necessity for which increased in proportion as he advanred higher in the scale of ecclesiastical dignit until, when in the position of a bisholp, e would have to bid farewell to the pleasure and relaxation which were the ever more and more coveted luxury of advancing years. Tracin skilfully the cares and duties of the epliscop position, and the increased difficulty of per forming them, in the present position of religious parties in the church, so as to escape criticism and condemnation, the reverend gentleman concluded by expressiog a hope, in regard to the two bishops about being consecrated, that when the time came that their work should be done, they might receive a rich reward, even a crown of glory at the hands of the Great Shepherd of the sheep himself.. The sermon being ended, and the dean having been conducted again with all due solemnity, to his seat within the rail. ings, on the south side of the altar, the prin. cipal verger conducted the bishops elect and designate to the audit-room. During their absence, Mendelssohn's noble anthem, "How lovely are the messengers," was sung by the choir. Scarcely had the last plaintive notes died away, when the bishops about to be consecrated re-appeared at the entrance to the sacrarium, wearing their white rochets. Being met by the vergers and the two presenting bishops of Worcester and Sydney, they were conducted to the altar rails, the Bishop of Worcester holding the bishop elect of Gloucester and Bristol by the hand, the Bishop of Sydney being on the other side, then presented him for consecration in these terms:-"IMost Reverend Father in God, we present unto you this godly and well-learned man to be ordained and consecrated a bishop." To this the archbishop replied by ordering the Queen's mandate of consecration to be read, This was done by Mr. Dyke, the Queo's proctor, the imposing document setting icf, in full how the see of Gloucester and Bristo\ had become vacant by the translation of the previous holder to the see of York, and how election had fallen on Charles John Ellicott, clerk. A similar ceremony was performed in regard to the Bishop of Goulburn, the only difference being that he was presented by the Bishop of Sydney. His letters patent setting forth that the see of Goulburn had been separated from the diocese of Sydney, and that Mesac Thomas, clerk, was the first bishop designate, was next read, after which the presenting bishops re-entered within the railings, and the consecration service began. Two of the minor canons chanted the Litany, and then the bishops designate answered the usual questions in which they promise to deny all ungodliness and worldly lusts-to maintain and set forward quietness, pence, and love amongst all men; to be faithful in ordaining and laying hands upon others; to be merciful for Christ's sake to poor and needy people, and to all strangers destitute of help; and with all faithful diligence to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrine contrary to the God's Word, These questions being concluded, the bishops about to be consecrated retired to put on their robes. During their absence the choir sang the anthem, "Awake put on thy strength, 0 Zion." Returning sahortly after, fully robed, they knelt down while the beauti. hymn, "Voni Creator Spiritus," was sung over them. Then the archbishop and bishops placed their hands upon the heads of the elected bishops kneeling before them, the archbishop saying to each, "Receive the Holy Ghost fbr the office and work of a bishop in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the im position of our hands, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And remember that thou stir up the grace of God which is given thee by this imposition of our hands, for God bath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, and love, and soberness." The newly-ordained bishops were then ads mitted to seats within the rails of the com: munion- table with the archbishop pod othef right rev. prelates. The ceremony of collecting alms, first from the officiating prelates and clergy, and after wards from the occupants of the presbytery and nave then took place, the archbishop meanwhile reading sentences of the offertory. The amount collected was afterwards delivered to the newly consecrated Bishop of Goulburr for church purpospesn ih diocese in Auotr' liha, After she pr"ayer f,?. ths church militant non-communioants retired, and the sacrament was administered by the archbishop to the whole of the prel.tes and clergy who had assisted at thie consecration, as well as to the newly-consecrated bishops; the impressive ceremoniil, which lasted upwards of three henr.s, being bnought to a close by the " Sancttrus" and " Gloria in Excelsis " being sung by tihe choi-. 