CHINA. Nothing important. Freights from Hongkong to London, £4. An attack on Tanksnee was repulsed by the Chinese under Consul Gibson. We subjoin further extracts from the Home News and other English papers :— MARRIAGE OF THE PRINCE OF WALES AND THE PRINCESS ALEXANDRA. Late into the night of Saturday, the 7th March, 1863, the excitement arising from the arrival and reception of the Princess Alexandra throbbed through the towns of Windsor and Eton, and subsided only as Sunday and its church bells broke solemnly upon the inhabi- tants. For that day there was a stately hush over the scene of the recent rejoicings ; the Bishop of Oxford preached in St. George's Chapel ; and the presence of great personages in and about the castle was manifested by the air of unusual state that pervaded all the ap- proaches. But Sunday had scarcely, faded into midnight when the buzz of preparations for fresh labours of love and loyalty began to be heard again. Monday was a gala day, and a day of high expectation in Windsor and its neighborhood. The Prince and Prin- cess drove out in an open carriage, and showed themselves to everybody, and were everywhere received with renewed acclamations of delight and devotion. Other great peoplo were in movement all day long in carriages, and on horseback and on foot, and the streets, roads, and parks were alive with joyous bustle. If the whole population brought out into the open air by the occasion, or idling in windows and balconies, were going to be married themselves, they could not have displayed greater enthusiasm. Then came a magnificent display of firework in the Home Park at night, which is said to have transcended all previous efforts in that way and which was witnessed from the windows and terraces of the castle by the illustrious and distinguished persons who, to the number of upwards of one hundred, were the Queen's guests that day. The lost echoes of the pyrotechnio explosions, whose blaze was like a burst of flamo over Datehet meadow, lighting up the whole surrounding country, had scarcely died away, when the people resumed their preparations for the festive morning that was about to dawn. The tramp of men and the roll of carriages were heard at an unusually early hour in tha streets of Windsor, and the inhabitants were abroad with the dawn. Full as the town was of strangers— as much as £5 having been asked for three beds and a sit ting-room for tho one night— the morning trains in rapid succession brought an immente accession of visitors. It soon became a serious question as to how they were all to bo disposed of. : Lines of galleries, commanding an admi rable.view of the route of tbe procession, and extending from the private grounds to the iron gates, were early filled with spectators j and the courtyard of tho castle was furnished with platforms to accommodate a large number of persons. The first stir that sent a palpitation through out the masses of people who were there as- sembled was the appearance on the ground at about half-past 10 o'clock of the Coldstream Guards. They were soon formed so as to keep the line leading from the gate through which the procession was to move to the entrance for bride and bridegroom. With the Coldstreams were united in this duty the Berkshire Volun- teers, under Colonel Lindsay. The Grenadiers and Fusiliers were on duly in other parts of the ground. At 11 o'clock, the 1st Regiment of the Horse Guards came in and took their stations, and immediately after the Eton scholars, all of them wearing rosettes, made a rush up the hill, and stationed themselves on the south side behind the Horse Guards. At a quarter past 11 all admissions within the castle gates were stopped, and the spectacle which then presented itself was brilliant in the highest degree. The east end of tbe broad drive, where it connects itself with the park, may be regarded as the base of a triangle, the sides of which run gradually narrowing till they form the main road at the town entrance to the castle. Along this roadway, and immediately behind the Guards, stood a double line of spectators. Behind these, on the south side, rose the upper and middle platform full of gentlemen and ladies— the former with rosettes, the latter glittering in their bright scarlet, blue, and magenta mantles, and their light and flowered bonnets. Still further down, in the hollow of the slope, and surrounding the door by which the bridal procession was to enter the Chapel Royal,, was the third platform occupied by a more highly favoured and a more brilliantly attired group. In the dis- tance, on the north side, rose the grey, solid frame of the., grand old castle itself in' fine con trast with the hot and varied colouring on the .opposite side. The coup Wail, as it took in the whole view, with the flags floating from the triumphal arch before the castle gates, and ? enlivened by ray b of sunlight, such as of them -selves never fail to exhilarate any crowd in the month of March in this northern clime, was at jmce magnificent and invigorating, and when taken in connection with the event with which it was associated may be regarded as com bining with the artistic and the natural some thing of the sympathetic and the sublime. The morning bad broken with rather a slight chill after a frosty night; but as the sun ascended the heavens the day became bright and warm, diffu&ing; a genial lustre over the scene. There were plenty of incidents to amuse the crowds during tho interval before the pro session began to move. Shortly before 11, Prince Christian, the father of the Princess Alexandra, and the Duke of Cambridge were recognised in the Home Park, and received a warm greeting. They had strolled out ap parently to see something' of the gathering around the castle walls before donning State garments. A little later in the morning an incident of another kind occasioned consider merriment. An elderly man in very plain clothes, accompanied by two porters, the one carrying a blue bag well filled, the other a carpet one not quite so bulky, passed up the centre of the entire line, and, entering the gate from which the procession issued, was lost to view within the royal castle itself. A Jew carrying away his 'ole clo',' or a poor traveller unable to pay for a cab, could not have b en more unexpected at such a time and place; but although every one laughed and wondered what he did there, the mysterious Btranger passed unconcernedly along, gatekeepers, policemen, and soldiers yielding to tho latent influence which he .poueued, of whatever sort it might be. At half-past 11 the firet carriage of the pro cession to the chapel approached the gates, when all at once there was a bustle of comito tion, and every eye was directed to its approach. The first part of the procession consisted of the royal guests. They came in seven state car riages. The first three carriages contained equerries, adjutants, and gentlemen in atten dance on the rojal personages who occupied the remaining four ; in the first of which were seated Hi3 Highness the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh; His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar ; and His Serene Highness the Prince of Leiningen ; the others being princi pally occupied by members cf the family of the Princess Alexundra. Tho splendour of the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh's appearance in his turban and oriental robes, crusted with jewels and resplendent with gold, was a theme of universal admiration. His munificent gift to the Princess Alexandra of a bouquet-holder which cost £1,000 was amply rewarded by the hearty cheers which greeted him as the carriage passed along the line. The sixth and seventh carriages, containing the sisters and brothers of the bride, were watched with great interest, and received with loud acclamation?, which were very cordially and gracefully ac knowledged. At a quarter before 12 o'clock appeared the second procession, consisting of the royal Family and household, occupying 11 carriages. Iho first six contained the household, and the remaining five the members of the royal family, the last being occupied by Her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of Prussia and her little son, Prince William of Prussia. Each carriage as it passed was heartily sheered. Prince Leopold and Prince Arthur were in Highland costume, and they appeared highly to enjoy their reception. But, perhaps, the most enthusiastic cheering up to this point was for the Crown Princess of Prussia. 3he was looking extremely well, and her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great ad vantage as she partially roao from her seat in icknowledgraent of the public acclamations. Next followed, at 12 o'clock precisely, the procession of the bridegroom. Public expecta ion was now nearly wrought to its height. Chere was but one sight more to transcend the ntcrest of this part of the ceremonial. There »ere six carriages, five of which were occupied -y members of the different royal households, ind in the last sat His Royal Highness the bridegroom, and tho reigninz Duke of Sixe Doburg and Gotha and the Crown Prince of Prussia, his supporters or groomsmen. The Prince looked pale and anxious and there was now and then a twitching of the lips as though His Kojal riiglines3 were striving to control jny exhibition of nervous feeling or agitation. With white shoulder-knot*, and collar of tho D.-der of tho Garter over his bright uniform, io had a gallant and noble look, and with grace md animation repeatedly acknowledged the learty plaudits with which he was received. Iu another quarter of an hour cama the pro Session of the bride, shorter but incomparably nore interesting than any of its predecessors. Druiupets and Life Guards seldom befoie ippealed to such beating hearts as on this iccasion. There were only four carriages. In he first, second, nnd third came chamberlains ind ladies in attendance ; ami in the fourth ippeared, to the infinite delight of the thou lands of spectators, the bride, supported by he Duke of Cambridge and Prince Christian if Denmark. As their Rojal Highnesses passed [own the line the outbursts of affectionate levotion exceeded, if that were possible, the xhibition of the previous Saturday. She ooked very pale; but there was a re aarkable expression of sweetness in her yei which showed that tho pallor was ocoa ioned by tho novelty of her situation, and tot by any sentiment of melancholy or dis rust. The while veil falling lightly from her lead, and the wedding wreath that sat grace iilly upon her forehead, framed one of the nost charming pictures the imagination of a minter could conceive. The several processions have now entered St. Ireorge'i Chapel, and we must follow them. The porch and arched passages leading to he -nave were filled soon after 9 o'clock. Cho western entrance, opening into the ipper part of the nave, was not opened iU after 10 o'clock. The assemblage vas gradually filtered through into the iaTe, and the gentlemen of the Lord Chamberlain's department finally dis ributed the happy atoms along the scarlet enches within. As drift upon drift of tiiose avoured with tickets came fluttering from the loorways, each' succeeding row higher and ligher wa3 occupied. At 11 o'clock there was io more room, aud the doors 'wero closed. Jany of the most distinguished families and leisons in the empire were represented on hese benches. The eight was one of mar vellous splendour and beauty, as may be in erred from the fact that the number of ladies ixceeded that of gentlemen by three to one. SVith respect to tho general effect, it should w observed that it was the wish of the Sove reign that bright colours should be avoided, md that mauve, lavender, or light blue should je worn. The result was charming, because it produced a harmony of colour such as Iw3 lever been wituessed before. It would bo an ixcellent thing if a similar regulation were mjoined on all State occasions. If there was louiethiug lost in the way of contrast, which is jften violent, it was amply counterbalanced by ;he gain in the blended tone of the ensemble. While these seats were filling, the gallery near the organ began to be alive with tho singers ind musicians engaged to take part in the service. Amongst the number we recognised ihe familiar faces of John Parry, Mrs. German fteed, and Jenny Lind. During the interval of suspense that fol lowed the closing of the doors the nave is trodden, singly or in groups, by the dignitaries md guests, who are filing into their places. Conspicuous amongst them is a well-known Jgure, once the erect, soldierly, strong type -f the Btrong man who feught in famous laid* half a century ago, and who is etill johting bravely against the inroads of time. Covered with honours, as he is laden with rears, for he is now 94, who that sees Staple tan Viscount Combermere, in that exaot uni form, marchine down the centre of the nave in the lustrous boots for which the dashing horeo man of El Bodon was distinguished, remembers that he served in Flanders before Napoleon founded a dynasty, and in India long before the great Company had ceased to fear Tippoo, before the Mahrattas were broken, and before the power of tho Sikhs was heard of ? ^ There is a mysterious reception chamber, hidden by the rich folds of a yast drapery of purple silk, and within are waiting the invited guests of. the Queen, ready to form into a procession, when the proper moment comes. On a sudden— far remote indeed— are heard from the world beyond thewalli the bars of ?' God Save the Queen,' nnd as they are yet sounding nearer and nearer, the purple curtain is drawn back* and there enters into the nave tho procession of the royal guesta. We cannot undertake, to enumerate them. They have b«en already ohronicled in the Court luts, and are familiar to the reader of those records. Prominent amongst thorn, or, rotheryfirst, for he .heads the procession, is His Highness Dhuleep Singh, i. The representative: of the glories of .- the - Kbalsa, the descendant of the Lion of Lahore, is. resplendent in cloth of gold kirkobf -with collar of pearls and sheen .of Jelljnr aftth ; and it is strange to see him here ?imonV ibe fflir-balred Morsemea and Teutons whose boldest adventures tad never led them t ?within half the world's oJMamfire''03rof the land we have made our own. Next to the Maharajah is Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar, who fought in our ranks at Inkermann ; and the 'illustrious1 line is' closed by Colonel Seymour, who stood near at 'hand ia that terrible press of men; When, these had all . passed i ? into the : chapel,' Jthe music ceased, and silence followed for a little, while. Then once more the purple cur tain was thrown open, the trumpets gave forth their peal to the roll of the kettledrums, and the train of pursuivants and heralds, two by two, marched slowly towards the chapel, heading the great procession of the royal family and the Quean's household. The effect of this procession, slow in pace, brightly coloured, and proudly resplendent, was very beautiful* and its beauty and ita interest were greatly enhanced by tho presence of the children of the house endeared to the nation by the virtues and sorrows oFthe Queen. Tho appearance of the young Princesses of England elicited a universal expression of profound ad miration and sympathy. And when the Crown Princess of Prussia came, leading by the hand his little Royal Highness Prince William of Prussia, whose tiny gait was revealed by a Highland costume, a soft sound stole through the nave, which the genius of the place alone repressed from swelling into an enthusiastic development. But it was, nevertheless, the index to the feelings of the whole English heart. Again the flourish of trumpets and the roll of drums a Taken the echoes of the chapel, and the procession of the . bridegroom enters, and passes up the nave, every eye looking blessings and every head paying homage as the young Prince, whose military coBtume is almost con cealed under his mantle of the Garter, advances towards the scene where the dream of his young life i'b to be realized. Another brief interval, and the curtain opens again and the last procession emerges, in the midst of which, radiant alike with fear aud hope, the bride advances, her train being held by eight unmarried daughters of duke?, mar quises, andearls. We must now pass out of the nave into the choir, whose exclusive precincts are reserved for royalty and the high officers of State alone. It is a sanctuary worthy of such presence. Tho place is full of histori cal memories, which at once flash across the mind, but which we have not time to linger over now. Up the centre of the chapel is a rich carpet worked at the borders with the Prince's plumb and motto, and hia own and his bride's monogram. Near the altar is a raited dais approached by three broad steps, and giving an ample platform for the accommodation of the bridal party. It is covered with garter-blue velvet cloth, on which' is worked the old heraldic Tudor rose, en circled by the motto of the Garter. Around are crimson and gold seats with fringes and tassels of bullion. Screens havo been removed on ajl sides, and accommo dation benches provided for the invited guests. A special place, that nearest to the altar, is reserved for tho Royal Academician, Mr. W. P Frith, who, in full Court costume, sits here to take his drawings for the great picture of the Royal .Marriage, which he is to paint by command, and for the copyright of which a higher sum has been paid than was ever before offered for any picture. The seat selected for Mr. Frith is immediately behind the royal personages on the Haut Pas, from which point tho design is to be tukeu. Above the altar, on the left, jutting out from the wall, is the royal pew, covered with quaint old carving, and still more cjrious heraldic emblazonments, built in the days of Henry TIL, when kings were ex pected to be present at the ' low ' or kneeling mass every morning. Part of the panelling is removed from the front, and its antique window-sills are draped with mas sive folds of purple velvet, Iringed richly and deeply with bullion lace. Tliis is for Her Majesty, and the floor of the pew has been heightened inside, so that the window-sills reach no higher than about a foot from the floor, that Her Majesty might see and be seen, as she was throughout the ceremony. The moving out of heralds aud other3 iu gorgeous official costumes, and t!io universal buzz of expectation, announce tho rapid ap proach of the hour when the cro.vning act of the day is to be solemnized. People begin to arrive to take their places in the stalls. The first to enter is the Marchiouesa of Aiiesbury, who takes her seat in a siali of a Knight of the Uarter. Asiftheyhal beea waiting for this example to be set, a. d for some one to break the stately solitude of the shrine, many ladies follow the Murchioncss quickly — Lady Edward Seymour and Lady De ttos, and the Countesses A. and M. Ddiineschjold and Viscountess Torrington. Mr. Frith seats hi'ii self next to the Countess of Caithness ; and the Doumess of Derby, like the Marchioness of Aiiesbury, dressed in blue, seats herself near where the banner of her noble husband droops jver his vacant stall. Then follow in rapid succession th^Marchioness of Ely, Countess Dowley, Countess of Spencer, Viscountess Coui aerinero, Duchess of St. Albans, Marchioness if Westminster, Countess Gleichen, Vis :ountess Jocelvn, Duchess of Athole, Coun tess of Gainsborough, Countess of Maceles 5eld, Countess of Desurt, Marchiuuets of Carmarthen, Countess Ducie, Lady Camoys, Countess of Bessborough, Viscountess Bury, md the wife of the Deputy-Chamberlain, Vis iountcss Castlerosse, whose superb toilette pro rokes admiration even in that assemblage of -auk and wealth. All are in mil Court dress, *ith the exception that they wear no train?, ind all, without exception, are dressed in velvet -r satin, either of blue, mauve, or violet colour —the hitter being the prevailing tone. All, too, vear feathers and diamonds in their huir, and lome show tiaras of brilliants almost large mough to form head-dresses, so completely do he glittering jewels cover the head like a regal irown. The last of the peeresses to arrive is Lady Palmers ton. She has been detained at the llailway Station, and has been enabled to reach he chapel in time only with the greatest diffi culty. Almost tho first male visitor to put in an lppearance is Sir George Grey, who comes lecompanied by Lady Grey. They tako their .laces on the left, and are quickly followed by Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley, Sir Dharles and Lady Mary Wood, Mr. Milncr Ehbson, Mr. and Mrs. Card well, the Master of Trinity, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mrs. Gladstone, Lady Alfred Pagct, the Earl md Countess of Hardwicke, Lord Harris, the Earl and Countess of Suffolk, the Duke of St. ilbans, the Duke of Athole, the Duke and Duches3 of Argyll, Earl aud Countess De la Warr, Lady Proby, Lord Churchill, Sir G. C. Lewi?, Hon. Mrs. W. Cowper, Lady A. Bruce, Miss Biddulph, Mrs. C. Grey, Mm. Wellesley, the Duchess of Somerset, and the Countess of ShafteBbury. All the gentlemen are in full official uniform, and wear the chief insignia of whatever Orders they have the lionour to possess, collars and badges in the fullest state. The Lord and Lady Mayoress ire amongst the late arrivals. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli are also late. The leader of tho Oppo sition is in his Windsor uniform, and Mra. Disraeli is radiant with diamonds. Now come the Knights of the Garter, ex citing a loud hum of admiration as they sweep up the choir like a procession of monarch?, with their loDg velvet mantles of imperial blue, looped at the shoulders with white riband, trailing after them, headed by tho Premier himself. After all the Knights are seated, the Lord Chancellor, in his state robes, and carrying the Great Seal, passes in a slow and Btately pace up the choir— alone, but a perfect pageant in himself— to his seat at the head oi all. It is no* a quarter to 12, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enters, followed by the Bishop of LondoB, attending as Dean of the Chapels Royal ; the Bishop of Oxford, as Chancellor of the Order of the Garter ; the Bishop of Win chester, as its Prelate; the Bishop of Chester, as Clerk of the Closet ; and the Dean of Wind sor, as Registrarof the Order of the Garter, with the canons and minor canons of the chapel. The suffragan bishops stand aside as the dais is reached, and make way for the Primate, who passes at once to the north of the altar, and, the dean, robed in scarlet, with the canons take their places to the south, For a minute the prelates kneel in prayer, then riso aud stand in line inside the rails. This is followed by a slight rustle of silks and clinking of jewelled orders as nearly the whole orps diplo matique come inand taketheir places underneath the royal pew—showing literally like a cluster of gold and jewels that equals even the appear ance of the Knights of the Garter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which even whispers are audible, and the rustle of the dresses comes with a noise as their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around. Suddenly there ia just a perceptible move ment — a kind of consciousness that something has occurred which tells at once that the Queen is either coming 'or has come, and all eyes are quietly directed towards the quaint old pew in the wall. . In another instant the Queen herself appears, accompanied by His Royal Highness : the Duke of daxe-Coburg and Got ba, the brother of the late Prince, and, as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by tho side of Her Majesty. The Queen weais the simplest and plainest of widow's ] weeds— a widow's cap, a black sift dress with white collar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colours which appear upon ? her' are tho star of She Order of the Garter, and ita blue riband narrowed to the width Her Majesty usually wears, across her .left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner aud older, with the permanent trace3 of deep grief and care stamped on every ' lineament of her features. ; She stands atthe window of the royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to bo seen at all by thesis on the opposite side of the choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke of Saxe-Ooburg speaks, and apparently explains to her tho arrangements going on-^below for the great ceremony which has drawn her fortk from her mcfarn ing and seclusion. After a few minutes she seats herself a little away from the window,- and the Duke retires, the Hon. Mrs. E. Bruce, dad like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his place. It is 12 o'clock, and the noise of cheprfng can be heard outside, nnd then a pause, broken after a few minutes by the great rustic and peculiar hum .which the great mass of visitors in the nave make on rising. The first of the three proces sions is at hand, but not one moves in the choir till the glittering file is eeen, headed by heralds and great officers of State, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing off to the right and left as they enter the'ehoiry till they reach the dais, which none but the most illustrious may ascend. Dhuleep Singh, with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, and the Prince of Leiningen, in his uniform as captain in the English uavy, head the line of royal guests ; but it is ontbe sister of the bride, the lovely Princess Dagmar of Denmark, followed by her royal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Thyra and Prince Wuldemar, that all looks are centred as with stately step they slowly pass up the centre. All as they reach the Bteps of the Haut Pas turn and make a deep and reverend obeisanco to Her Majesty, which Her Majesty, rising and advancing to the front, graciously acknowledges. Of these royal personages, it may be re marked here that none attracted more notice than the bride's mother, the Princess Christian, and her two young daughters, tho Princesses Dagmar and Thyra, the younger being ap parently abont ten years of age. These Princesses are both remarkably handsome, and the elder bears a Btrow» resemblance to her sister, the Princess Alexandra. It must, however, be confessed that their royal mother monopolized attention, and perhaps equally excited surprise. The Princess Christian looks more like a sister of the bride than her mother. Her beauty, her courtly gait, and her superb and exquisite costume, riveted every eye. In point of mag nificence of apparel the Princess Christian was perhaps the most striking personage in the entire ceremonial. The body and train of her dre3s were composed of the richest 'violet coloured velvet ; the skirt of white moire antique, elaborately worked with gold thread. Upon the bodice were diamond ornaments, and on the head a diamond tiara with white plumes, while across the breast stretched the scarlet and white ribbon of Denmark. As the long train, sweeping down the nave, was borne behind the Princess Christian, it was impos sible to help feeling that a right royal and rarely lovely woman was there, independently of her being an object of such strong interest us the mother of the bride. As soon as the rojal guests had taken their pliecs, Dhuleep Singh and the Prince of Leiningen occupying seats in front of tho altar on the southern side, the procession of the royal family and the Queen's household ap peared. The Princess fllary of Cambridge, her magnificent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, moves up the choir with tho most stately grace. At tho dais her attendant pauses, and she turn3 to gather her train over her arm, aud, moving to the centre, makes a profound curtesy to Her Majesty, then passes at once to her place on the north of the altar, in front of and just beneath those treasures of ironwork, tho gates of Quentin Matsys. As she passes in, the Duchess of Cambridge iollows, with like state and ceremony, und then the Princess Beatrice, Princees Louise, and Princess Helena ascend in turn, followed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the rovnl tartan. All how and curtesy deeply to the Queen ; aad the Princess Helena, who wears a tram, gethers hers on her urm like tho rest, and seats herself near the Duchess of Cambridge. The next is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants ; then the Princess Koyal, looking 1? young, as amiable, and as timid as when, iv it'h blow step.', she herself was led to the altar it the Chnpel Royal, but this time leading by :hc hand a fine little boy, who, till unawed by ;hc stately pomp around, dragged on his pother's arm, as ho looked behind him at the pageant, and with difficulty brought his little [Vet to surmount the three steps of tho Haut Pas. A.H have risen as they enter, and the Queen now rises too, and bows to her daughter with a kind md winning smile— the first that has passed ?cross her face since she entered the chapel, tier Mnjesty has evidently found an objeut which dteply interests her, and instead of seat ing herself again she remains at the closet ivindow, watching her royal children as they suss one after another to their Beats beneath, ind even when they are seated she Jeans over he front and remains gazing down at them itcadily with an expression of fond pride which a unmistakable, and in which no trace of grief :an be discovered now. Again the kettle-drums and trumpets. This .ime all rise, except the Queen her-; ielf, and remain standing respectfully, for t is the bridegroom that approaches. He rjmes slowly up the choir, partly follosioi ind partly accompanied by the Duke of Saxc Joburg and the PriDce of Prussia. Tho ?' Wedding March' is playtd as they advance, md the Quean rises and comes fully forward 13 tlic Huut Pas is reached, and the three ucend and turn ia line towards her, bowing Jocply. The Duke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince of Prussia retire to the south eide of ho altar, aud tho bridegroom, after kneeling a 'ew seconds in prayer, rises and stands ' the :ose aud expectancy of this fair State,' in the jenlrc of tho Haut Pas, alone, with his fdeo towards the Queen. With the easy. ;race that seems natural to all his ictions, he stood alone, the watched and ibserved of all observers, neither bashful nor confident, but with a manly royal bearing :hat became his illustrious birth und exalted station. Ho looked round upon the splendid scene for a moment quietly and easily ; aod his. jvery movement, his look, his very beariug, seemed in their vivid likeness to his royal father to impress and amaze ull — even those who by their rank and station might be sup posed to be the most familiar with his features. As the sound of cheering was heard without, narking the coming of his youthful bride, he kept turning his head every moment ; for from nherc ho stood, in the centre of the altar, he jould see through the screen and down the nave beyond to where tho crimson curtains would hlda tho marshalling of the bride's pro fession. Often and often did he glance this way, but the curtains were motionless, and ;avo no sign of the coming forth of her whom all now watched for with eager expectation. At last with a great clangour of trumpets, whic1! at first are muffled into a rich indis tinctness behind the curtains, the long looked Cor procession of the bride enters, and the Prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of the fact of the arrival, keeps his eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his head again till 1 113 affianced tstatids beeide him. The Queen immediately rose, and, bending forward from her closet, stood prepared to recei re and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment the sun broke; out in great brilliancy, and, bhining down into the chapel, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, aud seemed to illuminate the shadow recessed about the altar — happy augury, let us hope, of the sunshine of the heart that will rest on the Princess and her homo. The hush was now so deep and breathless that even the restless glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it, and, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated every word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as the hum and rustle in the nave beyond showed the young bride to be drawing sear. In another minute she had entered, and stood the fairest and almost the youngest of all her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imparts a look of joyoas happiness to her expressive features had all but disappeared as, with head bent down,' but glancing her eyes occasionally from side to side, she moved slowly up towards the altar. Seen, a3 she now' appeared, her golden brown hair contrasting with the wreath of orange blossoms and the rich veil depending from it, her deep eyes flashing from under its shadow, and her regular features as exqnisite'iy formed 83 the ideal of a sculptor, it is no exaggeration to say that she fascinated the admiration of all who liad the good fortune to behold her. Everjbody-is absorbed by this charming bride. She alone of all that magnifiotet assemblage is now watched with anxious and loving eyes. From the way in which her face is shaded by . the yeil, and her looks are bent forward as the advance?, it is' difficult to see her f. atmvs more' fully, but as she nears th altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears beneath the, folds of her veil a large bouquet of oranee flowers, carried in a princely gift from the Maharajah' Dhnleep Singh. The bouquet was composed of orange blossoms, white roae buds, rare orchideous flowers, and sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming ofHoniton lace: Tho myrtlo was sent from Oiborne,and was taken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of tho Princess Royal. It is Her Majesty's desire to have myrtle plants kept in the gardens of Osborne reared from each of the bridal bouquets of the Royal Family. The dress of the bride is also an object of interest which we must interrupt the narrative for a moment to describe. It consists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with chatc lains of orange blossoms, myrtle, and bouffants of tulle with Houiton lace ; the train of silver moire antique trimmed with bouffants of tulle, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle; the body of tho dress trimmed to correspond. The necklace, earrings, and brooch of pearls and diamonds, which were the gift of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; riviare of diamonds, given by the Corporation of London ; opal and diamond bracelet, given by the Queen; diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Leeds; and an opal and diamond bracelet, giren by the ladies of Manchester. Her Royal Highness's gor geous train of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of 15 and 20, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houses. It is quite superfluous to say how they looked, as robed in snowy white, aud wrapped in veils, they followed their royal mistre33 with sofc footsteps, though, as they were not going to be married, they seemed to thiuk themselves relieved from the necessity of looking., on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and hear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as this. Their dresses were 'all of white— a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that made them seem ethereal in their lightness, as partly wrapped in long veifc they passed as noiselessly as a vision. Slowly the bride reaches tho Haut Pus, and as she stops to bow to the Queen some of her fair attendants, who are apparently even more nervoui than herself, attempt to kneel, but, finding their mistake, rise quickly and move on as if they did not mean it. Then, and then only, does the Prince turn, U3 if to receive her, but checks himself as he sees them all bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seems irresolute as to what to do. The long keen scrutiny Eeems to have dis turbed his composure at last, though only for a second, and the Anthem ceases, and all retire a little apart while the bride and bride groom are left standing in the middle of the Haut Pae, the latter alone, tho former, of course, closely surrounded by her at tendant bridesmaids, so closely, indeed, that in that gorgeous mass of scarlet and purple aod gold they were the only group on which the eye could turn with a feeling like rest from the surrounding glitter. Handel's march from ' Jo? eph' had been played at entering, but all music had ceased as the party stood around the altar, till its etrains broke out with the solemn words from the chorale— 'This day, with joyful heart anil voice To Heav'n be raised a nation's praj'r; Almighty Father, deign to grant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. So shall no clouds of sorrow dim The sunshine of their eatly days; But hanpiness in endless round Shall still encompass all their ways.' Tho exquisitely solt music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the lute Princo Consort. It may have been this, or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath her; but certain it is that as the hymn commenced Her Majesty drew back from the window of the pew, and, after an effort to conceal her emotion, gave way to her tears and almost sobbed ; nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremony entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this ; t'ic bride's lace wus turned from the pew, and the Queen was withdrawn too much from the front for the Prince to see her, though his Iook9 were often turned in that direction. As tho solemn chant ended, the prelitcs advanced to the communion rail*, and the Piimate, in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building, choir, and nave, commenced the service with tho usual formu lary—' Dearly beloved, wo uro gathered together hero iu the sight of God in tho face of this congregration to join together thu man and this woman in holy mittrimony.' There is a solemn pause after that dreadful adjuration in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage, and then, after a moment, tho Primate passed on to 'Wilt tbou, Albert Edward, havo this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep her iu sickness and in health ; and, for saking all other, keep thee only unto her, bo long as ye both shall live ?' To this the Piince rather bowed than re. sponded, his' utterance was so indistinct. To tljo same question, ,' Wilt thou, Alexandra Caroline Mariu, hare this man to thy wedded husband ? ' tho reply was jiut audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every ear vas strained to catch it. But to the words—' I take thee, Alexandw, to my wedded wife, to have and to hMd from this day ? forward, for bstter for worse, for richer for poorer, ia sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to Goa'd holy ordinance : and hereto 1 plight thee my troth ' — the Prince repeated clearly word for word after ilia Grace, though now, again, when it was the turn of the young bride, she could bo heard only to answer almost inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush, and she seemed very nervous. To the question, 'Who giveth th 13 woman to be married to this man ?' the royal father of the bride only bowed and moved towards the Princes?, who was removing her glove hur riedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear soft voice, firmly and delibe rately repeated. the words — ' With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I tbee endow ; in tho name- of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' All then knelt down while the prayer com mencing ' 0 Eternal God, Creator and Pre server of all mankind, Giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting lifo, send Thy blessing upon these Ihv servants, this man and this woiuan, whom we bless, in Thy name,' wa3 solemnly repeated, and then they rose, while the Primate joi»ed their hands und said tho final wordf, 'Those whom God hath joined together letjio'nian put asunder.' With these word?, which in law completed the marriage ceremony, the service was con tinued to the 67th Psalm, the solemn straius of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of ull within the choir, as the word3 went pealing softly through both nave and aisle. Then was continued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the guns in the long walk were heard booming forth, and the steeples throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound. Misled for a moment, tho Queen's band began tuning their instruments, and even the organ gave one or two involuntary spirts and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race of harmony. It was premature, however, and there was a gentle hush, which restored the former silence, when the Primate was heard concluding the exhortation. Then raising his voice, he solemnly pronounced the benedic tion, during which the Qu;en, who had been most deeply affected, knelt and buried her face in her handkerchief. The bride and bridegroom then joined hands, and, turning to tho Queen, gave more a nod of kindly frundship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minu e the Queen, giving a similar greeting to the Princess, quitted the closet, aud the whole pageant went pouting in a gorgeous stream or flood of colours of waving plumes and fltming jewels out of the choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with how much deed hope and true devotion the marriage of the second Princa of Wales was celebiated in St. Georgo's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir the organ and the bind went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Beethoven :— . 'Hallelujah to the Father And the Son of God, ,-? Praise the Lord, y e ever] asting choir, In holy songs of joy, Worlds unborn shall sing flis tlory, The exalted Son of God. . : ' Little remains to chronicle. As soon as the august ceremony was over, the bride, having first received the salutation of the Lord Cham berlain, took the arm of her husband, and re turned down the choir, and beneath the organ to the nave. Every head bowed, and invoked a blessing as they passed ; and it was. a brave sight to see the royal family, the foreign princes, and the princesses with their , costly trains, sweep along the nave and follow her into that georgeous reception-room to offer her their congratulations. ,'.;?'' ?., - ..: .'] It is an interesting incident in the events of tlie day that the Qaeen, returning privately from the royal 'closet, waited at the grand entrance of the castleifor the arrival of the Prince^and Princess, and was the first perwn to receive und, congratulate them, which aha did with an expression of profound emotion. ' The illustrious company being now collected in the castle, the marriage was attested in due form in the Green Drawing -room and White Room by the royal guests, the Church dig nitaries, the Lord Chancellor, and other Ministers cf the Crown, and M. de Bille, the Danish Minister. ' The royal guests were then conducted to the dining-room, where » magnificent dejeuner was served. The wedding cake, which occupied the centre of the royal table, was divided into three compartments 5 the middle, of octangular form, contained a square altar in the centre, with a Cupid at each angle holding a piece of wedding cake. Towards the conclusion of thedejeuner the Lord Steward proposed 'Their-Royal Highnesses tho Prince and Princess of Wules.' In St. George's Hall a similar entertainment was served to the diplomatic corps, the ladies in waiting, and to the very numerous com pany present at the ceremony of the mar riage, in the ohoir of the chapel, amounting to abaut 400 persons. Here another wedding cake, of enormous dimensions, was placed in the middle of the table. It weighed about 80 lbs., and formed an octagon, covered with white satin, each side displaying alternately medal lions of the Prince of Wales, the arms of Great Britain, medallions of the Princess Alexandra, and arms of Denmark. The cornice was formed of large pearls. The cake was decorated with orange blossom and jasmine, and the top was surmounted by a vase filled with a jasmine bouquet. Immediately after the dejeuner, the Knights of the Garter* the Ministers of the Crown, the Archbishop and Bishops, and other guests ltfc the castle. ; At 4'' o'clock their Hbyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales took their de parture for her Majesty's marine residence, Oaborne, Isle of Wight. Their Royal High nesses were conducted down the grand stair case by the Lord Steward, the Lord Chamber lain, the Master of the Horse, the Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness, the Treasurer of the Household, the Vice- Chamberlain, and tho Comptroller of the Household. The members of the Daniih royal family, and most of the royal visitors, followed the Prince and Princess to the grand entrance, where the Princess of Wales took leave of her parents and other relative3. Their Rojal HighneBsej entered an open carriage and four, and, preceded by outriders in scarlet liveries, passed slowly round tho quadrangle of the castle. Many of the ladies and gentlemen of the Queen's household were present at tho entrance to witness the departure of their Royal Highnesses. A second open carriage and four conveyed tho Countess of Morton, Lady in Waiting to the Princess, Lieut.- General Knollys, Comp troller to His Royal Highness, and Mrs. Knollys, and Lieut.-Colonel Keppel, Equerry in Waiting. These were the only persons who attended the Prince and Princess on their journey to Osborne. The Prince and Princess of Wales passed under the George IV. gateway, and proceeded to the Windsor Station of the Gre&t; Western Railway. We have already described tho dress of the bride ; and this is, perhaps, the proper place to refer to the dresses of the Princesses and the bridesmaids. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a train of lilac silver moire, trimmed with white Honiton luce. Petticoat of white satin, with Honiton lace tunic and bands of lilac velvet. Liadem of diamonds. Qtotnacher, necklace, »nd earrings of diamonds. Head-dress, white feathers and tulle veil. The Duchess of Cambridge wore t violet relvet train trimmed with ermine. Petticoat sf violet satin trimmed with black lace covered with a tunic of Honiton lace, a tiara of pearls md diamonds ; necklace and stomacher to match. Tho PrinceB3 Helena wore a train of white silk, with bouquets of the rose, shamrock, a-id thistle, tied with silver cord, manufactured by Lewis & Allen by, trimmed with tulle, and bouquets of lilacs, white and lilac. Petticoat jf white tulle over whito glace, striped with ribbon3 of rose, sl.auirock, and thistle ; bouquet )f lilac. Headdress, wreath of lilacs, white bathers, aud blonde lappets ; diamond orna ments. Pricces3 Louise and Princess Beatrice, dress }f white tulle over white glace, striped with ribbons of rose, shamrock, and thistle, tied cvitli silver card ; trimmed with bouquets of lilacs. Headdress, wreaths of lilacs (white and ilac); pearl ornaments. Her Imperial Highness the Duchess of Brabant wore a train of blue moire antique embroidered with gold. The wreaths of the bridesmaids were formed -f blush roses, shamrock?, and whito heather, ,vith long veils of tulle falling from the back of :he wreath. The dresses of white tulle over Yhite glace were trimmed to correspond. As it was understood that the royal pair ivould set out on their journey to Osborne im mediately after the dijeiiner, the multitudes jutside collected in dense masses to catch a ast glimpse of them. At last the Prince and Princess of Wales appeared in an open carriage Irawn by four white horses, and preceded by minders similarly mounted. This was the li^nal for, perhaps, the loudest burst of cheer ng which had been heard throughout the day ; ind when the South Western Railway was -cached, and the Prince and Princess showed hcmsel ves at the window of tho saloon carriage, .ho enthusiasm became almost frantic. In a uoment more the train had disappeared, and, 10 far as regarded Windsor, the ceremony was it an end. At Reading, the first station at which the rain stopped, the utmost excitement prevailed, the station was tastefully decorated, and a vast :oncourse of people had collected. There were 5,000 children drawn up along tho line of rails. L'he Mayor presented an address, and Lady imma Cust,tho wife of the vicar of St. Mary's, 1 splendid bouquet on behalf of the ladies of Reading j while an old woman of 70 presented mother on behalf of the poor. At Basingstoke mother address was presented in the f vesence )f about 4,000 spectators. But the grand display was at Southampton. STever in the history of the town has such a botival been celebrated within its boundaries. Triumphal arches were thrown up on the ?ailway and dock premises, and 'the whole ocality was literally buried in bunting and ever greens. The large mail steamships, gaily ircssed out in colours^ with their yards nanned, were formed in double line, and irowded with company. Every inch of standing room was swarming with people. [t would bo totally vain to attempt any esti nate of the many thousands gathered together. &. burst of cheering at the entrance of tho Jocks heralded the approach of the royal carriages, which advanced to the embarkation stage slowly, amid the most enthusiastic :heering, and in a few minutes the platform was reached. Upon leaving the carriage, their Royal [Uglinesses received addresses from the Dock Dompuiy, the Mayor of the borough, and the corporation, all of which the Prinoe acknow ledged in a few words. The Princess next ?cccived from the hands of the Majoreis a iargo bouquet, and then their Royal High lessei descenued to the deck of the Fairy, ivhere they stood for some minutes, bowing ;heir acknowledgments to the assembled housands, whose cheers rent the air, while the jands played the National Anthem, and salutes ivcre being fired from the Platform Battery and ihipa in tho river. Great credit is due to Southampton for the ifforts made to give eclat to the occasion. From early morn the town had been en file, ;he festivities embracing civic, social, and Sun lay-school processions ; the distribution of bread, beef, and beer to several thousands of poor families ; the presentation of medals and ribands to some 6,000 or 7,030 Sunday-school shildren; the firing of royal salutes, peals of 3hurch bells, and martial music everywhere. Two oiks were planted in the Andrews Park by the Mayor, and named the Albert Edward ind Alexandra oaks, ia honour of the great event of the day. A large ox was roasted whole and distributed to the people at mid day. The street6 were handsomely decorated, aud at night presented one blaze of light from the illuminations. The various steeples of the churches were lighted up with coloured fires, and later in the evening a grand torch light procession left tho platform, and marched to the common, where a monster bonfire was lighted. Two balls closed the festivities, which embraced many features beyond those we have detailed. : Their Royal Highnesses reached Cowes at 10 minutes past 7, when an address was pre sented from the Mayor and Corporation of Rydo. The royal carriages were in waiting at the Trinity-house landing-place, and in a few minutes the Prince and Princess were driven to Osborne. Darkness had fallen upon the landscape when the royal couple entered the grounds of Osborne. The day had been one of extra ordinary excitement and fatigue ; and a grate ful feeling of repose may be presumed to have succeeded to the flutter of publicity, as tha sounds of the cheering died away in the dis . tance, and were replaced by the perfect tran quillity nnd stillness of the retirement whioh they were now to enjoy for a few days. But not tha less gratifying, we may venture to believe, was tho impression which the loyalty and devotion of the people had made upon their hearts. May it be 'productive of solid happiness to them and to us in the future ! 