THE ANNUAL ADDRESS -OF THE AUSTRALASIAN WESLKVAN CONFE UKNCE TO THE MKMBKWS OF THE WKSLEVAN CHURCH IN AUSTRALASIA AMI I'OI.WIttTA Dearly Beloved Brethren— In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the unity of the Spirit, we send forth to you, from our Ninth Annual Assembly, our affectionate and fervent salutations. tinicu ou unio you and peace, irom mm wuicu is, Mid which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before His throne; ami from Jesus Christ, who is the Faithful Witness, and the Kirst-begottcn of the dead, and the Prince of the kings of the earth.' We ask you, dear brethren, to join with us in hearty thanksgivings to ( !od our Father, that of His abundant-goodness He has preserved and sustained us 'thro' another various year.' From this stage of earthly pil grimage our grateful songs shall ascend to Him who 'hath done all things well.' His holy name be praised! 'Bless the Lord, O' our 'soul, and forget not all His benefits; who forciveth all' our iniquities; who healcth alt'' our ''diseases; who redwmeth' our 'life from destruction; who cniwneth' us 'with lovingkindness and tender mercies!' Ihe long continuance of goodness and mercy towards us not only calls for ceaseless songs of praise, but tills our hearts with encouragement ami hope. We have greater cause than ever to rely upon the truth and faithfulness of God. We liar-: seen—wa /halt see His salvation. lu sending forth to you our Annual Pastoral Address, we are reminded of the peculiar relation ship existing between us and you. Wcarco;ie people. Ours is a united pastorate. Not confined to one particular congregation of Christ's people, our cares and hopes, oiir prayers and efforts, extend over the whole Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. We esteem this, our Cuimexional Ministry. It is a very honourable one. We 'magnify' our 'office.' We are not, however, the less sensible of the deep and solemn responsi Humes oi our position. « c watcn tor your souls, as they that must give account. '' 'For now we live if ye .st.md fast in the Lord.' The duly of writing to you from Conference, 'on things that accompany salvation,' is ever welcome and grateful to us ; the more so from the confidence we have that our counsels anil cautions are prized by you. You receive them as proofs of our interest in your well-being. You want not the assurance from us that 'our heart's de- ire and prayer for' yuii^' is that ' you ' mav be saved.' We ask you, dear brethren, to rejoice with us, that God is still graciously pleaseii to bless our labours. We 'have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.' Some of our circuits have been visited with copious 'showers of blessing,' ami many souls have been converted. Our total in crease is but small comparatively; and we feel humbled on this account. Doubtless hail we, preachers and people, lived nearer to God ; had we continued 'instant in prayer;' had we been more holy, and earnest, and faithful, our numerical progress would have lieen much greater. But we ?ire by no means discouraged. The annual losses of the Church, by deaths, removals, and back sliiliuL-s, are very great. It is therefore matter for thankfulness that, after filling up all vacancies, we record a clear increase to our numbers of 1,7iS and 7,527 mi trial. Our Church members in several of the mission districts who have steadfastly maintained their piety during a long period of severe trial and discouragement, attendant upon the political troubles an.l dis turbances of their country, have a large share in oi;r .sympathies!. We earnestly commend them to the caru :ind blessing of (Jod. May they h:ivc on ' the panoply of God. that they may lie able to withstand in the evil day, and having dons all. to staml!' ? We rejoice tint, in some districts at least of our Connexion, God is raising up a succession of suitable agents for carrying on His work in the world. Our hearts would Ik; sad indeed if m our own Churches, among our own people, there were not to he found pioiis earnest, devoted young men, 'whose hearts (foil had touched,' who were will ing to sacrifice everything for Christ's sake and the Gospel's ; to hi employed wherever God and His ('lunch might please to send them. This melan choly reflection, we are thankful to say, is not ours. From our colonial Churches tiro candidates have been accepted by this Conference, on probation, anil sent out into the general work. On our mission stations, too, it rejoices us to find the highly in teresting baud of native assistant ministers year by year increasing. We look upon these our native brethren and fellow-helpers with deep in terest and with unfeigned delight They will itfectually aid in the evangelization of the yet re maining heathen among the people entrusted to our care. You will mourn with us the loss we hare sus tained in the removal by death of two of our fellow lalKiurers in the harvest-field. One dear brother, who, from his eminent talents and noble qualities, occupied a front position during the few years of his sojourn among us— 'whose praise is in the Gospel throughout all the churches'— after a long enforced retirement from his beloved employ, in increasing debility and suffering, yet in patient submission to the will of God, has laid his weary lxitly down, and entered into rest. Another, whose ouenjng ministry gave rich promise of years of fruitfulness. has faded away in early spring. We 'sorrow not even as others which have no hope.' The loss is ours. Theirs is an infinite and eternal gain. We rejoice in the recollection of their dying testimony to the power and sufficiency of Divine Grace. 'O may we triumph so When all our warfare's past; And, dying, find our latest foe Under our feet at last:' We thankfully recognise the increased numbers and the growing efficiency of our lay brethren, and fellow-workers in the Lord's vineyard. We are more than ever satisfied that our Church organiza tion is of God. Our hosts of intelligent, zealous, anil devoted lay-helpers efficiently assisting to sus tain and supply our CliHrch sen-ices and institu tions are enabling us to extend our efforts over a much wider space than we otherwise could. Our local preachers, leaders, stewards, trustees, Sabbath and day school teachers, prayer-leaders, tractdis tributors, and visitors of the sick are of very great service and value to the Church. We pray you, dear brethren, to think of them with affection. Kcmemhjr them in your prayers. They are worthy of honour. Do not slight them or despise their ministrations. Let them not be discouraged by your absence from the services they may have to conduct. Our dear brethren, of whom we speak, will re joice with us in the present satisfactory condition of the Churches, to which their own labours have verv materially contributed; and they will join with us in a fresh consecration of all we have and are to the service and for the glory of God. With a richer baptism of grace upon our souls, let us go for.h— ' To embrace the happy toil, God has to each assigned ; And while we do His blessed will, We bear our heaven about us still.' Ami now, dear nremren. as is our wont, we pro-' ceed to address you oil the important subject of personal religion. 'Examine yourselves, whether ve be in the faith ; prove your own selves.' Be lieving, as we do, the Scripture truth that our final perseverance is conditional, the duty of selr-examination is one of pressing ne-i ccssity. 'To our own safety, our own se dulity is required.' ' For if our heart condemn us, (iod is greater than our heart, and knowcth all things. Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence towards God.' Turn, tlioii, your thoughts inward. You rcmemlwr well tlic happy day when your troubled soul found rest in Christ;' wlien your 'hearts' were ' sprinkled from an evil conscience;' when you heart! in your inmost soul the Spirit's cry 'Abba, Father;1' and when ' the love of God' was shed abroad in your hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us. Oh! how intensely joyous was your emotion. How your heart swelled, your bosom burned with love and gratitude to Jesus! Suffer us,- dear brethren. Arc you as happy now as then? Have you grown in grace? Religion is progressive. Do you 'hold on' your 'way' with 'the right eous,'1 anil with him of ' clean hands' become 'stronger and stronger!' Can you say re joicingly with the Apostle, 'now is our salvation nearer than when we believed!' Does the Holy Ghost ' with dearer light his witness bear; more sensibly within you live I' What would 'He' say 'that holdeth the seven stars in His right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candleet jcks !' Would it not be, 'I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.' Has your religion been fruitful ! ' This people have I formed for myself; they shall shqwfor.h my praise.' 'Herein is my Father glorified that ye bear much fruit.' ' I have ordained you that ye should go and bring forth fruit.' ' Ye have your fruit in holiness.' Has this great end of ' your conversion been answered? Our Church is a witness to the Scripture doctrine of entire ? sanctification. We believe the attainment of that high and holy blessing to be possible, desirable, necessary. It is our privilege.' our duty, to 'follow holiness, without which no man can see the Lord.1' Are we living in the enjoyment of this- full salvation, this perfect love? Does 'the very God of peace sanctify' us 'wholly?' Have we the happy confidence— ' Herein is our love made perfect ; because as He is, so arc we in this world?' Have we not rather, in our meditations and prayers, forcotten this great Scripture requirement I suffered this precious article of our faith to become almost a dead letter? Do we earnestly pray, long for, 'hunger and thirst after' this perfect ' righteousness 2' Enquiries such as the preceding may possibly humble us, and make us feel our nothingness and emptiness before Go:l. They will be the more beneficial. It behoveth us to lie low in the dust before Him who is ' of purer eyes than to behold evil, and 'cannot' look upon iniquity.'1 Especially should we so prostrate ourselves in His presence, in view of our shortcomings and blackslidings. Humility is a choice grace of the Holy Spirit. Many and precious are the promises for ' the poor in spirit,1' the 'meek and lowly in heart.' In order to our spiritual improvement, let us diligently and carefully use all those means of grace with which we are so highly favoured. 'Sweet intercourse with God' is a most valuable helper to piety. ' When thou prayest enter into thy closet. It is said by those who know us not, Methodists live' too m'lch in public; that we frequent the public ordinances, more particularly the lively services of our Church, to the neglect of privare devotion and_ searching the Scriptures. We believe that this is a calumny. Certainly his religion will be very superficial who does not daily wait upon God in secret. In his casn there will be no intelligent vital piety. Let nothing break in upon your hallowed hour of retirement. Have at hand, if possible, in vour closet, with vour Bible and hymn-book, a few of those blessed biographies which enrich the litcralurc of our bndy. A few pages from the lives of holy men and women who have gone be fore us to heaven will stimulate our devotional feelings, aid our faith, and promote our spiritual profit. We shail come forth from our retirement better prepared for the battle of life. We would counsel yon to, ' show piety at home.' Let your family see in you an example of the excellency and power of religion. Do not, we pray you, keep all your Christian suavity and courtesy for your out side friends. ' Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loved the Church.1' ' Wives, submit your selves to your own husbands as unto the J^ord.' 'Children, obey your parents in the Lord.' 'Fathers, bring up your children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.' Use the authority you have to preserve your children from sinful amusements, such as dancing and the like. 'Ser- vants, be obedient to them that are your masters, according to the flesh.' ''Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal.' To help you in the fulfilment of these duties vra trust you are in the daily habit -of family prayer. Let not, we entreat you, the cares and anxieties of business prevent your regular attention to this wholesome du!y. Lessons have been there learnt by children and servants, which have been of lasting liL-nan':. We urge upon you a regular and punctual atten dance on all the ordinances of the sanctuary. It should be a rule with us, if we have the oppor tunity, to attend the public service twice every Lord s Day. Let us be careful to be there in time. Some are habitually late, and their jiasrors an.l fellow-worshippers are pained and- disturbed by them. This is highly unbecoming to Him whose house and service 'it is. It is very unkind to our punctual fellow-worshipper. Fail not to freuuent the table of the Lord, in obedience to his dying command, and in testimony of your fellowship in 'the communion of saints.' You will do well to attend the week-night services, lour pastors study, on those occasions especially, the edifying and comforting of believers. By coming together to the week-night sermon, you encourage the mi nister and gain profit to yourselves. The class meeting is one of the greatest helps and incentives to personal religion. We have Scripture authority for the practice. It' is one of the bulwarks of Methodism. It has been an unspeakable blessing to multitudes. All who have reaped benefit there cannot di-continuc their attendance without loss. 'Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together' in this weekly communion, 'as the manner of some is,' let us 'exhort one another,' 'confess' our ' faults one to another, and pray one for another, that we may be healed.'1 You perhaps think it a privilege to be accounted a Wes leyan Methodist. Bear in mind that none are members with us who do not meet in class. It is not likely that so prudential, so salutary a regula tion, will be ever altered. Our prayer meetings de serve more regard than they too frequently obtain. They arc a never-failing index to the spiritual state of the Church. You de-sire the pros perity of tiie Church. It would greatly delight you to witness the '? snuNcoiivert'mg power' in the sanctuary. Come, then, in numbers to the social prayer meeting. Let those who conduct these meetings study to promote their efficiency. Let the singing be appropriate and lively— the prayers short, fervent, importunate. We would recom mend a more careful observance of thu nuarturlr last-days oi the :UeUioUist calendar. Keep in view their special design— the helping of your soul in its approach to God. We have a firm persuasion that great spiritual prosperity would follow the better observance of these days of humiliation and prayer. With confidence would we cry, 'Thou shaft arise ami have mercy upon Zion; for the time to favour her; yea, the sot time is come.' Need we call your attention to the Divine law. 'ltcmcmber that yon keep holy the Sabbath ilay.' Guard, dear brethren, 'the day of sacred rest' from all violation. Observe it yourselves, mid enforce its observance in your household with scrupulous care. In this 'day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy,' it behoveth the wit nesses for ( tod to give a decided testimony on this matter. 'Let your light s-iine before men.' Avoid all travelling in vehicles plying for hire, M railway travelling, and all unnecessary work whatsoever on God's holy day. The rules of society are sufficiently explicit on the subject of tempe rance. Observe them. Be 'temperate in all things'— in meats ami drinks, in words and tempers. ' The grace of God bringeth salvation,' teaches us that ''we should live soberly.' We add a few words of counsel as to your civil and business relations. It is the riiiht and duty of every citizen to avail himself of all the privileges ? which the constitution of his country gives him. ! ' Seek the peace of the city' in which you dwell, j 'for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace.' | You will, however, not fail to remember that the i Church of your choice is a religion* body. We are not associated for political or party purpose:;. _ Our Church organization is not to be used for simply political ends. As members of thu body politic, exercise your rights for the well-being of your country, and for tbe glory of God. Assist by your vote and influence the candidate for public office who shows he has the ' fear nf -iod' before 'hi.s eyes,' who reverence-! the Bible, the Sabbuth, and tiie sanctuary. J5ut 'our conversation is in heaven;' we cannot, therefore, cho sc to mingle needlessly- with the unholy throng in political partisanship, debate, and strife. You who are engaged in business, especially in the larger cities, have as competitors, perhaps, some who in their eager desire to get wealth are unscrupulous as to the means they employ. 'He I that hastcth to he rich hath an evil eye.' ' He not yc like unto them.' Trotest by an unwavering, unswerving, unimpeachable integrity against all crooked and underhand dealings. You are 'watched by the world's malignant eye;' they are ever ready 'to load you with reproach ami shame.' Let them see that you are what your fathers were, 'a proverb of leproach and love.' Have 'your con versati m holiest among the Gentiles.' Let us all live in daily expectation of our solemn future. ' Seeing that all these things shall be dis solved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness;'* 'Now' we 'beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with' us 'in your prayers to God for' us— 'That' we 'may conic unto you with joy, by the will of God, ami may with you be refreshed. Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen !' THOMAS BUDDLE, President. JAMES BICKFORD, Secretary. The number of members and ministers is as follows: — I. Memdehs. n; »,;*? kist This g g Districts. Ycar Year g g 5 P New South Wales ... 4.171) 4,2*1 111 — Victoria ? 5,!W!- 6.WM 100 - South Australia ... 3,12!) :t,2*i 151 — Western Australia ... 112 I2U S — Tasmania ? 044 l.itt'i 02 — Aucklaud ? ... 1.4!t7 1,5^) S3 — Wellington ? 731 714 — 17 Friendly Islands ... S,Wt 7AM — 010 FijiLslands ? 11,251 13.W1 1.S50 — Totals ? 36,31)7 j :K,075 i3!-5 127 Increase of members in the colonies ... 4i-2 Do. do. do. missions ... ],3(«i Net increase of members ? ? 1,7(-S On trial for membership— In the colonies 1.207 Do. do. In the missions (-,23d Total ? ? 7,527 II. Ministers and Preachers ox Trial. Districts. Ministers. Hi-!-- '3 ? if^ljL Sydney ? 15 3 3 \ 21 Ru hurst ? 5&la3.;mis.4 — 1 7 Maitland ? ti&las.; ;mis.t- — — 7 Goulburn ? 3 — 2 5 Queensland ? 2 114 Melbourne ? 12 — 5 17 GeelongandBallarat 10 3 ti 19 Castlemainc and Sandhurst ... .:. 10 — 3 13 South Australia ... 15 — 4 1!) Tasmania ? 11 — — 11 Western Australia ... 1 — — 1 Auckland ? 11 2 1 11 Wellington ? 7 —IS Friendly Islands ... 4 — 3 7 Samoa ? 1 — 2 3 Fiji ? 7 - 6 13 122 9 3S Iti9 III. Native Assistant Missionaries in New Zealand, the Friendly, Samoa, and Fiji Islands ? ? 44 Total ? l-zIF -m 