THURSDAY. r-." 24th; 1863. THE FESTIV.i SEASON. [CxOMIUNICAl'ED) CnnRISTMAS is nigh at hand once more! Welcome,: mery, merry' Christmas ! Welcome,.for the glad tidings of great joy which constitute its origin: wel come for the peace, hilarity anid good will which are .inseparable from its annual return.- To you, our readers, we come greetiig. A 'merry Christ. mnas' to you all I The mere inentii"'of Christmas. is fraught with happiness to thousands of hearts. It awakens all.the tender Set memories.; 'and,even of those that' are sorrbwful it allays the sharpest pangs by the holiness, of the lessons which it seasonably teaches. ' For i spirit so disposed Christmas mat havd .,o.passionate raptures; but,. on the other hand, it. will have no acute agonies. The heart, too, whose dis mal forebodings hover like ghosts in the mists. of the future, becomes .cheered,and, illumined by the joys of that heaven-boiri day whose "glory is acknowledged throughout Christen doam. SLet the mei'ry Nchurch.bells send forth their- pealing sounds; let the organ's swell roll joyously beneath the vaulted roof of each cathedral fane; let the chant of the choristers ascend in welcome invitation to the sacred day ; let the voices of congregations inf 'the churches unite in thankful praise; let all Christian. commuuities ,.--no matterv'f what style- or sect- welcome with hearts glowing with joy, the return of this season of hope, love, and cheerfulness. Many there are who had- the privilege of seeing last Christmas' who cannot behold this-at least with mortal eyes. They have gone.' Whither? Whence they cannot return; and to which place we are all getting nearer every day-the grave. And those who are permitted to welcome the approach of this Christmas may not another. So let us wisely make up our minds to lead a new life, and then, though this should be our last Christmas on earth, we should depart in peace -'" in sure and certain hope of a joyful resurrec tion.".' . "'"'We will 'not, however', i ufilne ou... remarks to. the mere solemnities of the day.; but consider also a few of the social pleasures of this festive season ;-one in particular, common to most households. It is an interes ting sight in the assembly of a Christ mas party, to see the schoolboy at honie for the holidays-his books shut up and put aside, and such a long vista of. "*happy land," before him. There are. degrees of enjoyment, we know;, but though some, who seem to forget that they were boys once, deem his a low degree, it is hearty and real. ie' eats like a giant, and revels ,in the good things '6f this life; and when the "'wine that maketlh glad the heart'of man" goes around, the young aspirant is bold enough, perhaps, even. to propose a toast!' IBut'au6ther source of pleasure'opens toIhim in hi' dreams and his thotights 'o?er his bright sil ver 'money '~- is: Christmas presents. 1"hat toys, cakes, and lollies will he. not buy i and he nzill share with all withan'--like a good-hearted little fel low on whom Christmas, as it should," :.only .exagrgErates the plenties of the grncious time. \--*There is somethiing in the liearty and hospitable tone of :the Austi·alian , ?character.. 'which is " corigenial i witl? Christmas in :every sense. 'Thus iii magnificent mansion and in humble cottage-in the. superb dwellings of. .-the rich and'-the: lowly habitatidns' 6f "the poor -.Christmas is greeted and celebrated.' It' niay be tlihat .here the 'welcome'is roclaimed, by. means of' a, sumptuousd banqtet, andthat there it lis ?bhowia" Ibye'.thi: sipreid if a ,fruigril l b;ard.; bit the 'eikpressioi i' the sitne?: -?the meaniiig is identical-- and. the : grnietinga:is as:.warm iu:.the'latter dase as in the former. The 'sentiments asa-' ..sociated:writh Christmas are.like auil' ik':tsieyhpervade all spheres, and-are limited to none. They are: a poetry which appeals to every mind-a bar mony which touches a chord] in ; e oi soul Christmas .is the highest-em-. blem of the Christian's hope, andis.: planits- within the breast .those piac-: ples of neighbourly feeling; fraternal love, and universal charitywhich>canu,_ alone lead mankind on untoi ae-bnc - summate civilisation. J: M ' - fi o ... .. ".. _ -I - .-.'r "": -?',. ? 