THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAILY PROGRESSION, OCR SIGHTS, JLN'D OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1863. CABINET MAKING. Now that the new Cabinet has been formed public inquiries are being made as to its stability and probable success. There can be no doubt that in an administrative point of view the Min istry holds a high place. The fusion of parties would at first sight seem to indicate its strength. Coalitions are invariably strong, but only for a short period. The old'feclings in course of time come up, revived by trifling causes, and the destruction of the fabric becomes inevitable. So it was with the last coalition. "We do not say it will be so with this. There are no personal an tipathies to be healed up amongst the members of the M'Culloch administration, while the O'Shan assy Ministry was composed not of a coalition of men of opposite political differences, but really of personal energies. There was Wood v. O'Shan assy, Ireland, ind Duffy, and O'Shanassy v. Duffy and Nicholsoji, who had to arrange matters with each other on personal grounds. Politically, they agreed ; personally, they disliked each other. The coalition was »ot one affecting principle. Is the present coalition «f the same sort ? We carrot ace"* the slightest resemblance. All the members of it'agree personally, but are as wide as the poles asunder in tbeir political sentiments. Will prin ciple be sacrificed ? If so by what section ? The publici.will look with anxiety for the Ministerial programme. The Liberal politicians have been living in the hope that the next Par liament would, undo What has been done by the late Ministry. They did not expect a reprieve sooner. They arc agreeably disappointed. The men who had laid the axe at the root of the tree of manhood suffrage have been paralysed while in the act, and the country breathes again. What will become of the Electoral Bill is the next ques tion. The monstrous and highhanded attempt of that very honest and pure minded politician, ex Attorney-General Mr. Ireland, to curtail the power of the people in the forthcoming general election must be met boldly. Corruption, backed up by treachery, must not go unpunished. Well may Ireland say " The attempt, and not the deed, confounds us." The colony will long remember this " ingenious device to cover ulterior designs" which Mr. Ireland forced insolently through the House, restricting the suffrage, and disfranchising those persons who would vent their indignation at the general election, for the manner in which they have been treated. But Mr. Ireland is politically no more. The Electoral Bill is not law. Will the present Ministry give it the Royal asseat ? This question demands an unequivocal answer. On this point there can be but cue opinion. No liberal Ministry can assent to such a measure, nor can the liberal party con sistently support any Ministry that would, as its first act, assent to a Bill suggested, drawn and enacted with the view of disfranchising the great bulk of the electors holding liberal views. The Herald says that a compact has been agreed to between the Ministry and Messrs. Nicholson and M'Mahon, that the latter would support them, conditionally, on the Electoral and Local Govern ment Bills being made law. Any such compact I as this, if it is true, will alienate from the new Cabinet the support of the more liberal members At all events, if not so as to immediately eject them, it will not be through love of them, but through fear of giving a chance to their pre decessors returning. A general election, if not a dissolution, must soon take place. If so, would the country re spond to the new Cabinet warmly under such cir cumstances ? If they assent to the Electoral Bill, most assuredly not. The new House, in such a case would most likely have a new Ministry, and it needs no ghost from the grave to point to the man that will succeed. Why was Mr. Brooke left out? Is it because he was champion of the " occupation licenses " If bo, then has the liberal party reason to suspect rather than support the present Ministry. Is it because he is too clever; or what is the reason? Some say because he is not liked. What a reason! Mr. M'Culloch has left him out to conciliate less dangerous, men, and it is list unlikely he will regret ere long his mistake. " And tell'me who is victor, York or Warwick." Mr. Brooke sitting behind ministers, more par ticularly a coalition such as the present, is far more dangerous than if he were in opposition. As for a coalition it cannot bo called so. We have but two parties here-conservatives and democrats, squatura and land reformer*, It ii absurd to suppose that any coalition can take place between tliem. In such a coaliticu there would be but one side of the House occupied, unless the remnants of the O'.Shanassy clique had the hardihood to put in an appearance on the other. Principles cannot be so easily sacrificed, and however easily ministers drawing a salary nmy manage to smooth down their differences, the people outside will not so easily be persuaded to follow suit. If the Ministry strike out a bold liberal policy they will have the country to back them up. If thev do not, they cannot expect their cause wiH be espoused with much popular feeling. The country is rejoiced at the downfall of the late Administration, but it is another thing to be en thusiastic over their successors. Will the M'Cnl loci) section allow the liberal members to veto the Electoral Bill; can they do it ; will their sup porters allow them ? There is the rub. The Cabinet is beset with no trifling difficulties, but by usiug wisely the ability it commands, and fol io wing a bold liberal course, all dangers would van ish, and the Ministry would grow in public favor. It becomes more interesting when we find that there are just four conservatives to four liberals no Postmaster-General yet. Who is he to be Dr. Oweus ? Cohen or Snodgrass ? Well, we ?will leave the public to speculate on the coming man, bearing in mind that as his vote is of im portance, it is but fair that he should be selected from the liberal party. Much depends on the ad dress of'Mr. :;M!pulIqcfi, which, « usaaV-TwH iri-' dicatc the Ministerial policy. We hope that no compact such as the Herald has stated was agrecd.to by the liberal members, andthatthefirstannounce mcnt the Ministry will make will be the veto of the Electors Disfranchisement Bill. 