MISCELLANEOUS. The Great Eastern steamship, it is said, has been chartered by Government with an ultimate intention of purchasing her. Michael Tierny, a well-known steeple chase rider in Victoria, lihas ben killed witl by a fill from ais hoise ii Duniledlin.c hi 'The ship Victoria fronti' Glasgow, pie witil 400 emtigrants hall arrivel.ii to I)iindin. The vessel has hean'plas'ed sy iln qlarantinlie, a case tf smnall-pox livyilg occurred drini' thin voiags.i c r S:ne of thet'lo,. seitese'6eprisisier o; incareerated itn D)iuitdihi gail, 'r n!nai sl - lhemnsilvm"' fi r'thi iipse'iolf defyiit' lil thi discipline.whilchit wais nice qn ii'?ti ienfirci I7ii'' w rig'- n i` tltihId'ri : " leailr ; hiwevier, hiy ':iscu tlhsridt r ; h of Cth' itd inii t .oie it' o t.?ai :t' o A CHARACTER OF THE AMERICAN PRESS, EXTRACTED FROM THE STATES- MAN.—" The 1,500 papers and jour- ,'ls,, ,litt l i l ly a t 'iili w?l'riit l ;i i- r;i llshepd butt 'pnshelst i ?i ireit iitio: lifi t every pssile Wi sy, tut. thr, tl eveiry re l irty channel, atri ennnis' to ci'rraiiit thl I ,vhlie worl I, much. les. thilie t 50f0000 of whites is tlho Uwite'l States. 't'hins hidna in lies and ,l s sider, ai I utiu' rilbahilry, until truth is i stranger t, I tlhe , heliiuey unko lw, in ntilt n1 attemptl at deceony, wohl be nlinnatrllll . Nort mre lithan one-thirdll iof the whdc havel :eny regard to clharacter, tnutv plretensios o Ito decency, or on which you miiht d,' pc p l for truth, ifis, and patriotic views. c iParty is their first aim, which they are ti Sver lah,,urini' to whiitoe'wais, i:thll ls. Sfalsities pl ice in fsir light. iNext. their Si it venom is nil hushatidi fir their toppo-I tInts, wihih othey ir 'bites it imalice, until the whsol clr'nuniity art' in a feietor and lived withl their di ty . salivat . ' Sim- months neo, there loppe re: l ri I ST7e Arqus ian article; ihiosrtnivptI of theu d IT olini wrki mit " uld BnllB . 'l'hlt[irtit ti, e wris ioliiid into ls Stiffirdshitre nei?'ts ii paper,-anid the fcts iinoentinl ?ed'iidneid v two potters to leevo thi ohld,cointry, fir ti i or ilitlt rpse of trying, iithir foi? tune ii, I SAustraiusa. Oli their arrival heri, they l? s lg .ronided, to Bu'ma! , expecting lt fiul idn a potteryv iostablished ll .ti ittl, plc ll, bit G it. tit dis~ip i, teil ',in thiC e xpo ;ttatitin b i ?'nd site nl thierui ,iis fpt, Oplpttii.n i iy f!r p Ieecishin .then cllim t, Wehicth t, :iith is ieeni bitigclit uipiliCy turnei their t' tc at ttitiretiosti ther ptirsonits. Thlie idi tttr ti it coming to the. ,nnileuho of Messrs i t1 Reynolls intl Itiglish, tlt ise gertlemnut it Sihave tliken the two.it mniirutes iites their ti Semcplolmentlt, enid propos0n ecun',iecin;{ Ae n m the iiniifiut wiie iof carthenwsire at li ,ii, Brighton. On' oF thi firt pri? l"its :f i1 this experitmeintol fnctory in ihoe ',eta nr o i' neatl-misthiledl creonmns wads li broIht utnler ciii notice yesterdiiy. It in had a ivanced l' mily so; fir as. the I i " bliscuit" ta'e ;lin: t there ios i lloublt gt that,, when en luhjeiteli to 'hit gh uini proi i ý iess, 'it will eci tpinre favourably with i e Sta.ffilorlshiir wa' 're.. there is no reasone t 'et why all kinds of eirtheniare shionuld not i ' lihe i?ulde ini the c rity. We liive ali I Sidtinlunnco of the ra'v tlUaterial -material iof Inch a chairacter that it dues nit re of qsire, like. the EInglith eays. the addli ns tin of flinit, felspar, or other vitreousi e in'redients. All that we need is the la proper kinl of lInblur. We are tldl that le, esrs. Roynolds iund Erulish are pro l pAred t'L eml lVitas tmany as thirty coim " ptefit Stiff urrdih iri ha:ls, if tlihey ein i be induced to cmir hi ther. At preent i wte iilmport everv 'ar eartileniware to l ie the, valei of .£ii 0,0riO and tipil)ari s b ut I o it npp,ears that, a pltttery once estatlh lished ml a nproper f,,ling, the same a rtickles coll I be plroduled hare itas I ty elheap!y' as ti ty can ibe obtained in the t C , English m irke.t - ' c S The latest newspapers from Anchlanrl, s ,broht lby the isile recived on Satt It di I hy v the Alin?gi, ire of the 8th inust. ft appears that Oiir the arrest of A pir t,. en in Aucklutld, fur thLn listruition, some re time ngu,. of a printi,, press, from whichi a friendly native publication e lmanated, hea meetinug was hel i, at which it was de termlined to apply to the Govuernmenti fi r er nin pinsatiit n in m ns .mey if it shiuli Is. he .dieiled by the intive themiselves , er thaint the ,trrest was nott asifiel. The I he Auieklnl p lpers, from their tnme, een S lently g.ive no, hit of dluit er to Auck- I latuil. 'PTh'ir views iare confirmed by i this latter atccits tk o hLi, 1 Lth ilnst., re in ceved 'it Sldney. Otts version of the ' newi. tei .ugrap'hed1 nil ridlyv night, was Sto th elft -et thltt i an nttaek on Anmklaud n wis hoirly expected," and tlhat "the i Valksts had prep tred a fl set of canoes t take part in it." Other telegrams, a,l however, state that the troopls ha pro teo lol 1i froni Aiuikiai I to thl' ) ouit-tht.it .is is ti. say, towarits the ciuntry of the ti iii, the iar lo the valutersi. ' 't waull li iappear Lthat telegraphic versions oi.the cl l'o llrto s e ii t liret wilth i s,Iino allhuwanIee il tir the xcitemitclt its reeiilpt and httl iLy be tretnsissitin :ccasion. t It was statei. ' fir exatinple, noinie dtis a'ni , that" 5,000 a XWaikattus had risein," o, tllt tin t only 10 was Auckland threateied, but the ii cilteulms rebe!s'liB tl hactually seized ,ii Engli-h schoouor, hoistel the Ity ilotir it'f Ki'g ,iI siled her it andp the lidown te m iarbur i fronlt of G.vern-i ii iment lmiso. Well, whenl the Auek so l'id ,ucrnals eaue to halM, we tiiii nit a wori I " this risini.i,, ur oi that instilt. SIf' we llk itilito ile te f t fhs rilinothr, ia ie fill I tihaC a cioastitUn sehaitIer frl'I i AuCklani (l[te if sailig theine tot' re ,,prted), fi'uTuing it imp Issiile ti lat herii , eargo at New ~ Pltttmoutlh, saileld on t by Isnm. 'Tin of the jouruals tf th.t o *oloy nre puhllsheli on the same day, til the 14th inst. One of Ithem-ithe t Oolonist--t oice iiniounced, on the duthetitim miov i this tcoasi g skiplper, the c. startling news ,ireiadv ulinted to. Thei it ther-L-t 11 reamin'tr--,iith more Ihru. donie, gave the iioii' its ii " rumour us tireip tried hv the credulons sae iir; andl ni cu,'' ruiouriir,' ad t olthitilt sitore', it i1 e iuvadthi inekhl.ii. The fle1t of canies l'bios ultinor. Thi ubjli t ,,f ti'i'er.Ilt iii litieron's sd ieutm i , iii all 1iohai iliti , is io hastene mitrs t,? i creisis, bev hieiig, iiit ite Waikatts tLi mti uimp th tir uuinhmi'atin sties fo>r peace or tiar.-Alreus, '271i.6 .,Tuno. " '. ,', " " " : / joniiturf it' hi:'f snveriaens apper to he ieci. chnlatinn. "The Geelong Adier Iiser th?s'ledserihel one left at the olisiu, f thast paper:-" The ceounterfeit coin is i' veryci ? ll execnted iiiitation of the half sovereign issued froni the Svdney mint; aiid nnst have been thbricalted with "rlvy' good tools, by .a workmina' cho i !,ne his busilness. It is such a piece of nfinev ais wonlld he very likely to esccpie idetection, and thellrefoirb?e may ' bevsirs.' " SBy'th steainshlip Gtliholibnrg? which ri'iveid lasit ni it'Tron fltsao, c\ve Illwei.' or 'ile. friiidi:ri eil, ti;?nthe Ilh'il n,'t Pi'hey cont"ina n itter ie i: front this a snt of war. It 1 riporte"d Troia iul Ite district thiiat thi Rivrr oLvdentx i in liiely.toie wor i "ble this season. "ie froiie"hif* i ed redite l'its ?lnUnie so' ii 'hti L3 hpes iau the miiner., ran 'll' atif inches Ieee walter, and their liptlles wouh i l ie I realizel. A storm of rein and wind tilien snt ini; in a few hllot? the river haid risle twently fee, and the reult ",ilt was i geiner, l stiimped? of the nliners, molt of tliern llrlceedinll to at nw tield that I op.rtunuely turnd utl p" 'Tlie 0- tlhealiird brings 7,a2.,z. of sol anil L30 pllenoers. o lie was t.i lub f1 li wed lby the A.ldinga, on tlio Lh insl;t. pit The etfi ieany andl oSiganiz ittio of the o Viti, rii pilot seytelni h wing hiee S.ilaniCewhiat called in qiestioz, n liie tin as of the Pilot loadl was hehl at \Villianis Itoi yester lay, to investigate the cir Scsiultalllmes of the case. They were tre these :-On the 6th inst, the pilot cutter C Oraiir was outsile the teadis, oni her ilr sathij , lieing tiun lr the eomltiin il of .tmr. Pilot Deane, aiil with Pilots It lKeinedy,. Evans, and Organi on board. ri' Tlie weather was described as as inothing SSaufiil ; the veerilling iv i l , choppig seas, and terrilte rollers, combining to make in the aspect of afltirs very unpleasant in to ieed. At noon, the pilots consuilted to i. e'ther, and decidedl that it was impos sa sihile for them to board ship, while they i wouldl be faciing almosit certain destric-. fl tilo by keeping. outside the lCcads nliiy i'. longer. They nacordingly went inside, 'a and aniichoired abreast Shortlind's Blttl, a whei e they renmained safe, thoughi the it, Gilele South (a Illack Ball liner), the ni lrig Squaw, andl the pilot-boati Rip i parted Ifro their eables, owing to' the it violeiics of the weather. At flur p.il \- the winvd mai lerated fior a while,'h ut the r tile 'aI?is wlitihi an lhor of flood, arid, . cosiderin the at of the site of the Rip, it wasd 'i, jul'ed by the pilots miadness to attenipt r to co oiutside agaiin. They therefoe're-e mrnaiitid ihere they were all night. At a liitll 'past fourip.in. on the sane day the of ITroe Brihto, oee of 1lsney,Wi iraminiaiid pc Sins' ships, 'Commianded biy Mr. W. II; 's Bawn, which, lied ceit driven iieiVry to It Oape Lilptrao by the weathier, blire 'p le for, the leads, but iudhing no pilot,' li 4i,: lbt to nikeshlift for the night as wei.! o- as lpossible, ' cominig in the ul t .' ih morning. COptain h Biwn hlarenlipua? n tliugllht the pilots Wvere toi blanie ini lot not keeping iontidle, their absence hai=i anmug. eudaagercd his ship, crew, vne(. ril passeligers, and lie laid a coluplaiet lie re- fhre the Pilot Boe urd, which t?as inraes Ii- tigated yesteiday. About the aecount ,us given of the events of the day there wits lie nit, dliflrence in aeyv of the evidenci, but hit .bmint the weather lhelre were m iny co?i -; riu- fllieinig illnions. Captuin sulaw n'said" nI that ait lhlf - past four p.in , ed fror-i ii liCOn till dark le woelm l lie lisked lolver t ing his boats,, 5so itidete w iS iht. to weather, anti he was quite certlin the' Int pilot-boat could have comne otut with b- ease. Captain Walker, of the City of' no Melbourne, steamer, agreed wit tlis, las but bore testiiioniy to the purfection of he the piloit-system. in Victoria. O ;the other side, the flour pilots, the assistait ii lighthiouse-keener it Point Linlale, ielt' the silnaCl-malste.r at Sh rtlallld'a llnft,' Nt. decltred that they haul never k?wn spehll ro* a sea, and that it was imlp"jssiole for the n , inesair .to have got iiustle the lleals l ,lgliist the fluol tild. Toe inliqy wasli, ,, adjouirned foir tile proluhtion of Captain, le- Bawno' log - Argus. lit Pitoe.ssoit, Pci'erei's 0 losr.-One ill of lie ill 't atluceasilil c iterers fr public nis mluselIeiit in Londoni is ProfessIor he Pepper. When the Easter holidlays vi- c.ue round people invariably ask \vwhlt. -lie has brought oat at the Ptlyqlell li.ii by Institution ? Last seasion his moiist sem-. re- cessnl lhit was a lecture oin tih e- homlisat hle substaices used for the protilection of is fnialie lresses from fire. A hiy figure 'd was attired in the dilres usually worni the and burut to a cinder ; a living woaloiiai see was dressedl in the same fisheluni with ie, preipared materials, and exposed hell ro- clothes to contact with fire in suihe a hit way as toi prove the incolmbustiblilitv. the Thlis year lie has made a still mlore sue left cessl'ul hit. lie iilw exhibits ii ghost ! 111 .. stage is erectedl in the lecture hall, the lthe clrtain is drawn, and. dliscloses, a ne dI ly-l ighitel room described as a studiy. sty A liviig man wailks aullit on the stage. il. I'hie ihost lIiakes its appearance near hinii 000 sand is lrlved to lie speciral by" the miis ? visible lilure of all iattempts to grasp it. the The expllanuali for a tnime biffldl the izel most ingenious, but it has noiv the bcen given. A sheet of lilate-glass mau crases tile siage in front of the ciii liviuig ictiir who is trying to clutci ik- the shadow. In frint of the plate i.t ulass is suspemled the firm of the ghast wmt. ihich like a thin guizecurtaii, is trans Iur, pllent fronim witlin but white from with, rlii out. The inilsge 111 this obiject is reflect re- ed fromii the glass to the sluectau?otr so as liiito seem tm them as fnm- behind Ithe glees n i aslie it ill realily 'i friiiit oii it. As the ,hit ibject is tl'ansphiiremit oii their side, they iure ar munable t, detii ct the sairnces u the -ihe illusion. The cutriviineo is exceeulingly Ilic igeiie,, iiiiil hies redeemed for Lurofessor tle epper the llpilariy lie loest during the T iu ljoicinlgs of hlst miiiith, by hi li uesc lii cstalel lttul'milipt io illumninate St. -Patl's. ii'' The glou t is llrlitected liy a patene i bet ml i the iillicilmty of iumanalgig the iiluparatns is aid ioi' pai tiihinrly the liie light, lilt - lii enovent tile alloplini of the device le liv the sCamiilhn drumatists. Naverthe Ill s, " its p'5i1e1It gllst" is one if the oh i j,.cis to ie hbud on hire in Londoi, anl S sillS m' serve tliC purp. sol of the spiritual ig isa libetier lltil iiy 1101 liiliical contlr at vance thoi ly.ha;e yet enpleoyed to gull Tib the Eumglls piiblic.--Loi'ioli corrvslon-* dent of Inverness Courier. LAkxn riTe.-Madame Lamartine is dead, anid M. Lamnartine is so ill that bhis life is despaired of.-Englislhman, Nay 23. A French Court was recently called on to hear an appeal, in which the point in dispute was the question whether a frog is a fish ? The judgement was affirmative. A Berlin letter says that an indi viduallhas been arrested at Spandau by express orders of His Majesty " becauts he had not saluted the King as he passed." The fact that Neew Haven grocers are giving nutmegs in the way of small change, is remarked as " proof of a great aeareity of small chanrge, which is itself suggestive of rt grater." "'There is no place like home," said a brainless fop the other evening to a pretty youlng lady. " D, you really think so?" asked the young lady. " Oh yes,"' was the reply. " Then," said she " why don't you stay there?" A sample of supposed copper ore, alleged to have Ieen found near Albury, was shown us (Ovens Constitution) a few days ago. The man declined to give any information as to the locality of the find. One of the 100 chapels proposed to be erected in commnemnoration of the bicenteriarv at the Uniformity Act snas openrrelt Norwood, near Liverpool, on Thursday. A sirmon was preached by the Rev. Samnuel Martin of West minster, chairman of the Corrgregatioual Uniion of England andrl Wales. On Friday last a young lady, byv name Emma Cienr, appeared at trhe Sorbonne as a candidate for the degree of" bachelor," and passed a great exam ination, finrlly taking a hi ght degree, amidst the applause of her brother stu dents. MossTER CAKE, or GoLa.-Yester day we were shown by MIr. Halleiistein a monster cake of gold. weighing 750 ounces, valued at £3,000. '1The whole of this large quantlity was obtained from nihety tons of quartz frmin Sa:lmoI and party's tunnel.-Daylesford .Express. A correspondent of the Arlrmidale Express says, to detect scab, take some spirits of tar, andl opening tile wool on the wither, put one drirp on the skin. It will cause ra red spot in any circum stiaices, but if the sheep has tile scab a blue circle iill accompay tihe redness. In Austria, a tradesrman received, in p.ayment of a sum of rmrrriey, a number of bank notes which a woman, ill of the sariall-pox, had kept fir some hours ill her bosom. To count them the more readily, the man wetted his finger with his tongue. A purulent sore throat en sued, from which lie died in a few days. 'At a Wolsverhamrpton colliery, a collier who was waiting to ascend was not quick eniongh to get into the cage, but seized hold of the bottom, and was drawn up, his whole weight hanging on his hands. At a distance of eighty yardls frolmr the bottom the unfiortunate man dropped, and was smasheld to peices. BOTTLING GooseinaErrEE.- Gather the fruit dry, and when little mlre than half grown, pick clean. plint into widre mouthed bottles, and shake gently downr Still the bottles are full. Cork these tightly, put them in a moderate oven, nmid let therm remain till heatedl througrh., Beat in the corks tightly, cut off the tops, resin them over, anll keep in a dry cool place.-Journal of Ihorticullure. The late rains have brought up the giass through the country generally, in a mariner most grateful to squatter eyes. We hear from all quarters excellent ac counts of the aplpearance of the feed. Carriers and drovers, though they have mud arndl watei to conteril with to a great e'xtent, find a very satisfactory per contra in the amournt of edibles ftor their. ?tiuck.--leverinre Herald. ' A ForTUATE"r DIsAPProITmara T. There were 'a number of passenriers brrked lby tile agent at Omagh for, tlhe ill- liteild n!lo-Saxon. It so happened however that on their arrival at Derry the steamer hliad already got her T'fll complement oif passengers, arid they'hlla to wiait for tile next vessel, Some of them complained bitterly of the -disap poiutment, lint on hearing of the recent catastrophe they will have a very differ= ent feeling.-Derry Sentinel. LAvi Gtanos?cEns. - I noticed in yvor number if A Iril 28th (Journal of .forliculturre) the remarks of Mr. Bass, of Bnrton-on-Trenr. uponr the subject of orchardl-ouses. Like a good kind hIs. b'nnd, he gives his wife tile whole credit df lhir success ia growing fruit trees in pote' And let mie observe, how often ddwe see lady gardeners excel in tihe cuilivation and arrangernent of flowers when they give it their attention Some of your readers. no doubt harve virsiteld Richmnd duiring tile summner months, arund umay, perhaps, lriv' noticed a gosod-ized brickr house on thie other side of the river. Nuw', this hiouse is oceipied by Mr Justice iHallibnrton tie '"Sam Slick" of literary notoriety. I paiid a visit to lthese gardenr abut two years siuce on tile occasion of a fanicy fair given for soname chlaritable purpiose, end never do I rerelemrber tri have seen beddinag done si well, or so chice a col lection of plants brought tigetler in a p.lace of so liriited ran extent. I was given to untlerstand bIy a florist of iome celebrity, who was pire ient that ihe arrangeirnet of tile beds aul collecting thie plants were in thie hanlds if thie iudy ocelpier herself. Their taste tir tile harmonroising of colors I'oonsider titural in all women of re fined etlucatir,, only urnftrturtely mIost if tihem displiy their taste in declratillng themselves lmoure than ia ornairelirirng ileir gardlens. Buit if Iladies cre to 'follow gardening nmore usunly ithan they iire aipt to 1I1, lrisw rntich oftener iihonli ceo sery thie cliek resemble the rose ih pIlace i thie lily; and Iow' soon, aliso, wre should see tihe lighter tints inado use of in decoratig thie irnside of thie bon inits. Trhey wouldl soon ble iaware thirt 'laring coliring wts rot suited to their compltlexiln so well aIs thie inre erbrll duetltl shades. Moreover, Gid hat s giveni irs Ihelthr tihat we maiy enjIry thie bless- I ings 11i scrdsr; and dCIIeend upnI it, that. whero a ldly gardiriur re?illes it is there trie physician'si c,,rriage stelduum a&p;'s.-A .F'rietal to l.lo'rsielture. F The following is an exact copy of a t notice stuck upon the church-door of a village near Cambridge :-" I Do Hear by Give Notis that 1, the Overseer, Calls I a meeting on thursday Eying about five I o'clock for a rat !" ' The nomination for Pulwarth and a Sonth Grenville took place at Colao on Wednesday, when the show ofat hands *ewas largely in favour of Mr. *Michie. A pll waes demanded by iMr. Armytage. It will take place on Monday next. Tile manatgers of the Emerald-hill town co:immon are at present engaged in devising :seans to check pleoru-psnen rmonuia in cattle on t ieir ran, one or two cases having been reported by the town herdsman. Extensive repairs of the M3elboucne and ltlobson's Bay Railway Pier have been commenced. It has been found that the old hulk, which assisted to sup port a portion of the pier. lias been much eaten by the sea-worn. Large anl massive piles are to be driven, anlll the pier made thoroughly secure in every part. MlR. AND MIRa. KvArt.-ThIere is no doullt now that Mr. and Mrs Clharles Kean intend visiting Victoria, and we believe they may be expected here in atbout two months. Having been somne wlhat intimate with Sir Charles Nichol son of Sydney, they have written to him, and1 that gentleman hasd eomnluiicated with Mr. Rusden, requesting hin to be kind enough to engage a residence for them in the neigllbourhoord of Melbourne. In anticipation of Sir Ilenrv Barkly's approaching departure from the c.,lny,v the Royal Society have unanitnusily resolved that the nimembers should take steps to show their appreciation of the services which His excellency has ren dered to the society, in his position as patron and president, which lie has filled fior several years. A cominittee was formed to carry out the wishes of the meeting, and to delcide the ferm in which Sir Henry's services can be most appropriately recougnized. i(EvFaRSES Oto FottrurE. Ir- V.x c-uveu's ISLA.ND.-Victoria resewhille M3elbourne before thel great gold rush had subsided in that scene of speculation and advasnture. A gentleman who ohee kept his cnab in Lond,tn, and was a ulem her of a fashionable Lodon Club.-house, is serving out liquor at a bar; and this gentlemUih's employer was curiously entugh, a eaiter at the very club of which this gentleman was a mnember. A gentleman who was formerly a maijor in the Englisol army is receiving one dollar and h-half a day as an ordinary day labourer. I am told that anothl'er qutndamr army man ishaivking cabbages about the streets. An.ther gentleman, who was i captain in the English army, was a bar-keeper, but has now gone to try his luck at the mints. A friend tells me that a lawyer is washing bottles. Another lawyer, with whioni I nat ac quointed, is looking about for work int vain. An Oxfoird or a Camnbridge mantt, I forget which, is working at a forge, whero he luckily got empl'ymeut front the fact that Ihe had acquiredi the art of shoeing horses. I know the son of a clergymen in one of thie Midland coun ties who has been working on the roads in British Columbia. lie was a servant -of-all--work forea time to Attorney-Gen eral Carey. One day I fundt him work ing under a coloured man, helping to re itmove a woode lhouse. Fo',r this really hard labour he received t o dollars and a half a day, but it was as temporary job, and soon over. The lad did nilt look over well, and had it terribly srwollen tice'; hut hie was cmipelled t, stick to this Work, or--I need inot miention the tther alternative.?. United Service lar'a zite. A cnrirus fact wis brouglit out the other day, in thde course ofa lolice-coirt exa-iinrition, lwhlich demands derious con sideratinm, 'not only from the local pub lic, bnttfroin the legislituro of the colony. It appears that in thellBenevlent Asylani there 'are now no. less itihan forty-five children, who are either orphans 'or have been deserted by their parents.' These nnfortunates have been placed in the Asylum by the police aullhorities, the Government paying a s'mall almn of tfioney fir their suppolrt. But it now seemus that a serious check is to be placed' upon this inethod of providling fur the destitute children of the district. There have been so many calls utpon the super intehdetl; of police that the central an thoritias appear to thirk tt that the local otficer has too lilberally' dispensed the public charity. HenIcclrwarel, no order can be given for -the aldmissio to. the asylumt of a chlil, the cost of whose maiiitenance will be a charge upon1 the state, ulless by the Chief Seeretary hiiiself. But, so far friom ally extrava gance being displayed in the matter, the fact is there are (tozens of chilhiren walking aul, tt the streets of the 'totwn awhli haive no " awfil visible means oft snplport," andl whl, are fit salbjeets fur a witrkhouse or a goal. The qutestion of tile disposal of the class referredl to utlst at once be taiken uip by the Legisiiture, ailld meints adoplted, by tie ctreationt of indnistrial schools, or by tile endownaent of benevelent asyliuns, to take freet the streets tile iunfortunatet childrent, twho, unless enred fer by thile etate, will grw into a large nd ldanlgerous crimiirli class. Adlult dlcstittitin appearo alsoe to be fiear lully on the increase. The health ohlicer 1and tile lchairilan of tihe municipalityly are constanltly reiceivintg applicttitsa fitr assistance whichl tlhy cauunot eatisfy. Since thle Beteveleant AsyIlum hIas libeeni closedl these cases Ihave been painftilliv intCI(etshd. TIhei bltta Of allowing suctil a ilinstitutlionl to be clised againslt the tethsitsteti at the tlecrepid in cume do glee rests upotl tie puhlic. T'ie sub scriplmions have alileti eFto sucht all ex test that the cotlntitci have not beeni in a Iresitioe. we in,'lerstatid, tt tlahti thel Governmerelt grant-in-aid. 'We trust thtr tnt a groued tf cnmlahint will oilly hlve a temilorhry existence. Money Ilnllot lei raised to enable tile cOilllitthtee slice 1u1r1 te eiloenl thee doors oh tie it etitution. 'lihe diiy b1'tore the puble Is plin eCllolght; but matters iare toetling ti sulllh a pa:Ct. th.t; Pailliamiienlt 111y be stertly called upon to provide for thi Illaitellciotettt Of the destitilt poor. Bendigo Independent, July 21. A great banquet is proposed in honor of Sir Henry Barkly, and a meeting in connection with the object is called for this afternoon at the Criterion Hotel.— Victorian, July 25. Notice is given that tile Bridal Gift Shilling Subscription % ill. be kept open until the lst of September. Contribn tious will be received by members of the Central Committee. the chairmen, mtembers, and clerks of municipalities and road districts, andl by the honorary Secretary, E. G. Fitzgibbon. An instance of the commercial pro gress of Invercariill and Suntlland generally presents itself very proili inetly in tile Customs returns. The Times of the 3rd July says :-" It ap. pears that the Customs revenue of the past three umonths has exceeded bv nearly double that of the whllole prece. ding year, which amounted to about £1 1,0o00." TIlE QUEEN AND THE IRTSnI SOLDIOR. -A corresoundest of the Diunfermiiine Press says that, on her recent visit to Netley IHospital, Soathlanpton, Her Majesty entered into faluniliar conversa tion with the bedridden soldiers. One poor Irislunan, on whom tihe fl,oodgates of life were albout to shut in eternal rest. raised himself on his bed anll said, " I th.nk God I havn lived to see your Majesty." The Queen seemed u,nch touchlled, andil the Princess Alice could hardly restrain her emotion. The Mellourne correspondent of the Ballaaral Star says :--The applications if .lIr Duffy and .\ir. Ireland are before the present Ministry, claiming their pensions under the Constitution Act. It may perhaps be remembered that, on the 21st December, 1861, an address from the Legislative Assembly was pre seted to his Excellency Sir IIenrv [arkly, through :he then Chief Secre tary. representing the great difference of oplinion that existed with reference to the conditions under which responsible Ministers ought to be etntitledl to their pensions undlr the Constitution Act, ausi intlirmtiug his Excellency that a Bill had been introducedlfor the purpose of anmenlding the Act in that particular. Notwit hstandiig this address, his Ex cellency consented to the regulations lratn ull by thi late late Miniters, which place them on a par with the very highest olhicers of state at ihonie. It would have been but ordinary modesty had they been content to pIlace thetmi selves, fir instance, on a par with the Attorney-(ilGeeral foir hrelatnl, who has to serve tluring five years hefiire heI is entitled to any pesion. 'The difference of opinlion is chiefly as to, time, whether it shall be two or five years, andii it is understoodl that Dr. Evans, Mf.L.A., has lod,.ed a protest againns any Ipensions being allowed fir less than five years' service and, what is likely to be more etffctual, there is no doubt Iut that the present Ministry will act in accordance with the ,iduress to whidli I have re ferred, and that no pensions will be granted under the preasent regulatiions. RUNNINs Tui IlLOCuRAU.-.ExcITISo Cti.sec.--'he f.dllwing in all extract from ,i letter, dated March 27, received from one of the crew of the Confederate steiamer Cornmbis, ia little steamer which ihas successfully run the blockade at WVil ntington siX times :-" I will now give a few Iparticulars about our narrow es cape last trip. Vo madile at fine run across frm here, but were just too lite for tile title, so we steameld out to sea again, anud lay to in a fog, so as to give th imeni a little rest. On the 1st March (a Sunday moininrg), about ten o'cl,,ck. the fog cleared, anid there was a thundtr itg big Yaikee iearing down npon us. We just tunagedl to get prloperly under weigh, whien her shot began to fl I rather close to lus. A way te went and sthe after us at fill speed, keeping her ground well for several hours, althouglh each time she firel we hald tmiield oi her, anil not one shot ir shell hit us, we going seventeen to eighlteen knots per hour. A fine windl as blowing, and as it freshened, she 'erascked' on her canvas, and, being to wintrard of its, we could not double her; andl she then began 1to gain out us, until we had to throw cargo overbloard to lighten the ship. 150 barrels of gunpowder went (I was glad to, see it, for one of the Yankee's shells might have poppedl intoI it, ancd blown us all tiup), and then we went aheitid.againi, and Iby datrit had gained fifteen miles on her, andl it was t then thati we 'gave her tihe slip,' antil rn1 back fiar Wiihningtin. She clsseld usi friti ten o'clock until seven, 150 miles ieway from the bar. it was a slplendid l sight to see us flying through the water, with the Yankee after its her shells cracking and fizzing in the water. We I dlid.not get'l bel fo thli place we started from until ninio o'chlck on MoIidayv mtorittg, all pretty well ikncked ni,t and just tou late fOr the tidle, and withl t only a ften tons of cal luft. WVe coutld see twelve bltkdatdera lyint If the phrt. It was then agreedl we aoltll leave the dhil,, atd bliw her ip; so, steamiug in-I ito a nice little bay, we dropt anchr, ciit the boars out, and everctlling ready fIr' a stari. Such a scee! I cannt i idescribe it, but hole some iday t, relate it to you. \Vo were only eilht miles 'rom th ,l fleet. It was telegralhedl up toi Wihningtoi , 'The Coriubia is is, tdanger,' ail tile excitementlt beeante very great all throughl the toiwn. Then they sent us some Iheavy guns and l sur hlatOtH to hlnd Its il,, ais ia heavv surf rlus alhng that coast; uud thi'cominander of the fitrt sent word that ie woull pro tect us if we liked to rilsk it andut rut i. At foIbur o'clck tlhant lternoon we tdid riisk it; anil steamed sluwly up the coast. Vlhen within five miiles of thie liar, tile Yanikees saw us. The whlole fleet slippedl their ctblles, andl cnme in after us. What excitcneatt everywhllere ! I ishaull never forget it. They Ipctnedl fire it us just is we cr?esed the liar; then Ili foirt iiieetl fire son them, anIl kelpt telti off till we were ai'ely in. 'Thtu sniuls were oni the beach to welcomne ts, autd greeteld IIs with lou l and lhertyv cheers as we steatmed slowly uip to \\\Wil tningtgi, where aee iuet with a very .1 itlrllri( Cel)ptill, I 1tssnrt yvoii,,iati had h au lIorlinoi tight's rest. We had to tron ibleo whattever in coming out augain." Ataritimne R.,islter. 