.PICKLNGS FROM PUNCH. CRAPK rinva thh ntWK „ - Air-' Pop Goes the WeaseL' U.i and down to Wimbledon, In and out at Putney, Sun at ninety in the shade. Till one's tit to stine. And along the line of butts Crack goes the rifle! When we lay the Enfield down For th it small-bore Whit worth, Under the eight- hundred range Targets ain't a hit worth. Outers we scarce deien to count, Centres seem a trifle; To bullseyes ut a thousand yards Crack goes the rifle! France found out at Agincourt John Bull drew a strong bow; To read these scores she'll think that still England pulls the long-bow. Foes who of invasion dreamt, May sing 'Oh, bej'yful,' That in sport, not earnest, uow Crack goes the rifle ! French sabrturs who deem our fair Marks for Gallic kisses Must take note that English hits Equal English misses. Your Zouave will stand aloof When in his sheep' s-eye full (As a bullseye'8 sultstitute) Crack goes the rifle! Then at night when dew falls cool, And the day's work's over, Bound camp-fires, in futze aud fern, Lo, we lie in clover. Warmed with free Victoria's punch, Of their pigeon-pie full, Sound we sleep, and hear in dreams Crack go the rifle! Here's to Sergeant Rolwrts' health, . Here's to gallant Graham ; Shropshire men drink round to Wilts, And Wiltshire lads repay 'em. ' Here's to England's gallant eight; And Scotland's ne'er-say -die-fuls, To Koss and Sons, and uioiiy a year Crack no their rifles. ADVICE TO PARENTS. Recollect the. child's mind is nothing better than a sheet of letter paper; so mind, iu address in after life will depeud entirely upon the way in which you direct it. SAD NEWS FOR SAVAGES. In the debate ou Mr. Adderley'a Security from Violence Bill a question arose as to the instru ment with which garotters and other brutal offenders under the proposed etatute should be flogged, lt appeared that, in the case of adult ruffians, the scourge employed would be of the ordinary feline species— Mie customary cat. For the chastisement of younger scoundrels of the same description a similar but smaller arrange ment of whipcord might be employed under the name of the kitten. A FEAT OF STRENGTH'. A well-known ticket of-leuve man, with a blud geon in his hand, being pursued by the police, ut a tremendous pace tore up the pavement of a bticei which hail just been laid down by the workmen. In spite of his fearful weapon he was ultimately captured. AN INTEIIESTINU EVENT. Clara-' What does Tommy think? Why, Tommy has just got a new little brother!' Tommy— Have I though? How jolly — there 11 be somebody now to wear my old clothes!' INTERESTING MATCH. We are credibly informed that Bishop Colenso ias challenged Air. Gladstone to split hares with him. Those who know what a thoroughly deep authority the Chancellor of the Exchequer is upon all questions that admit of rumination will not be surprised to hear tliat the odds are largely in his favour. SUMMARY OV AMERICAN NEWS. 'The judicious Hooker has judiciously hooked it.' DEFINITION OF A 'LITTLE TIME. The small hours. THE IIAKBER'S SHOP. Old Gentleman-' Look here, I'm rather in a hurry : where are vour assistants?' Hairdresser— 'Why they're both dyeing, Sir!' Old Gentleman— 'Lord Dles8 my soul ! Dying !' Hairdresser— 'Yes, Sir; one's dyeing a lady's 'air hupsuirs, and the bother's engaged with a pah- 'o hauburn whiskers in the next room.'' CLASSICAL MUSIC. It is not generally known that the words of the sweet ballad, 'Home, sweet Home,' were -irigi- niilly written several thousand year* ago in the Greek language. In consequence of this compo sition the author was called 'Homer! sweet Homer!' and this same gentleman subsequently wrote the 'Iliad' which is, as everylwdy is now aware, u lamcut over the poet's personal wrongs, ounded upon an imaginary ill he hod suffered. Hence the title. ONE WAY OF GIVING A MAN A CHANCE OF HI8ING III THE WORLD. Knock him down. VOINTKD. Clara— 'Don't you think it an anomaly, Tom, your preparing to fight for your hearth and home, whilst you have not a wife? ' FLUNKEIANA— AMBITION. Lady— 'But I thought that you and the othqr servants were perfectly satisfied!' Flunkey-' Well, mem. 1 aiu't in no ways discontented with my waaes. nor with the vittels, nor nothing of that; but the fact i*, my friends »ay that a young mnn of my appearance ounht to better hisself, and get into a situation where there's two men behind the carridgc !' (Poor fellow !) CHANG E OF NAME. The authorities of the Zoological Gardens have determined upon calling the Men-agcrie the Beast agcric, as decidedly more appropriate. THK NEW POSITION. Able-bodied Vqlunteei— ' Hallo, gawkcy, my hov! what's all this altout ?' Invalid ditto(ingasps)-'Oh, I-fnct is -shooting the other day at— our long range— thought I'd tty — Fnruuliaraon position— made a ceutie, but— dis- located Iwth my— shoulder blades -concussion of the funny-bone and a crick in my neck ever since!' For the benefit of the uninitiated, we subjoin the practice referred to by our invalid friend :-- 'The 'Farquharson position.' -Let a man lie down on his back, cross his legs, and place a rifle butt into his right shoulder, with the barrel renting on the limbs. Having done this, let him bring the left arm round the back of his head, and take hold of the butt of the rifle, the left elbow pressed against the head, somewhere on the right lobe, near the bump of 'cautiousness' (no had quality for a rille shot by the way). If a man can do this not as a gymnastic feat, but easily, so as to make bullseyes at 1.000 yards in that remarkable attitude, he will be as clever as Mr. Farquharson.' APPALLING AND MYSTKHIOUH. A gentleman (?) and his wife took lodgings some time since in a street not far from Picca dilly. One morning the gentleman went out, apparently alone, and did not return. On subse quently searching the room, the landlady was lorrilied on discovering that her lodger had taken lis better half with him, and left his quartern. Surgical aid was called in, but too late to be of any assistance. ART MANUFACTURES. The other day a gentleman holding an official position at Court, gave a rising young modeller his countenance. The ungrateful youth has since made use of the mug for drinking purposes. EDUCATION. It is the part of a virtuous Government to give good instruction to vice. In the great metropolis we are often taught a moral lesson by the sight of a young thief being brought up by a policeman. ROYAL RIDDLE. Who is as a rule the oldest monarch in existence ? The King of Heighty (Uayti). TOE WIMBLEDON 1'BISU MKET1AU. The Secretary of the National Kifle Association having received notice that Full Private PuvrJi has been selected to represent his corps for the Queen's prize, I-cg8 to forward to him the following regula ions for the meeting at Wimbledon, on July 7, 18(tt, and to express his best wishes forF. P. P.'s bucccss. 1\. Camp Orders.— No one is to sleep in more than two tents at once. Snoring not allowed until 11 p.m., and then only in unison with the drone of the bagpipe, which will give the key-note. The Camp Guard will be selected at 9 p.m. from those who can distinctly pronounce the countersign 'Statistical Calculations.' The Captain may not fall in with his men. but all must be on tue ground at 10 p.m. The picket will reverse amis, sections outwards, dress by the right, and advance by sub divisions at the halt. A bath will be provided for each corps-pool tickets sixpence each. Dinner at ii p.m., including a haunch from the 'running deer,' and two pulls at the Harrow Cup. 2\. Small- Bore Regulations.— The following ex cuses fnr failure in shooting will be disregarded :— That the competitor forgot to clean his rifle, or to alter his sight, or to put in a bullet, that he put two bullets in, that he had too long n walk, that he was shaken in a bus, that he has no appetite, that he~dined out and had too much— well— salmon, and had in consequence too high elevation, that just as he fired the target suddenly took two paces 'right close.' That his rifle being left all night without a nose- cap, it took cold in the barrel, which no foresight could preventrThat he rammed down a Seidlitz powder by mistake, and swallowed a Government cartridge before breakfast. That hi forgot to make proper allowance fnr the rotation of the earth, the attraction of the moon, and the idiosyncrasy of the asymptote trajectory of the trigonometrical barometer.— N.It. No one is to take off his cap for a stripped bullet. 3\. In the Lords and Commons competition, any position will be allowed, hut no motions or speeches. The members will be selected by divisions, and in any disputes about the siphW, the 'ayes' have it. All complaints, including swollen right checks (Wimbledon mumps), are to be referred to the Secretary's knickerbockers. The Enfield pattern Government 'gas-pipe will be used by all light troops. One of the Council by rotation will take steps to provide a 'running man' to be shot at. 4\. Ladies' Consolation Prizes. -Two shots at 880 yards for ' a miss is as good as a mile.' Compe titors may go in for this in Uythe poiition, kneeling, ana present arms; but muzzle-stoppers are hot allowed, or any salute except on duty and fnr a shootable match. MALICIOUS REPORT. We are requested on authority to contradict the ftatement that Mr. Cox, M.P., competed for the Wimbledon prize for small bores. THK VOLUNTEER RIFLE CONTEST. The greatest common present on the occasion of the shooting match between the two Houses of Parliament was Wimbledon Common. A quiet invalid gentleman, residing in the neighbourhood, being very much disturbed by the. noiae of the rifles, still good-naturedly spoke of the content as a decidedly popular movement. A GOOD BARGAIN. At a sale the other day several houses, with first rate kitchen fixtures, weie put up to auction. A bidder present offered a shilling, for twelve coppers. He .was actually accommodated BADLVHIT DURING THB RBCENT ENGAGEMENT WITH THK GUARDS. Mamma-' Yps, doctor. She will sit for hours without sneaking a word She perxutfl in wearing the »me dres*. and won't part with the bouquet! Doctor— ' H'm-wcll. let « i«e-»e murt first w* the t-all out of her head and then perhaps the nervous system may right it«elf !' A TRUE GHO8T 8TORY. Spiritual manifestations are brooming a drutr in the market Who's afraid f Witness the following instance :— A few nights ago a country curate was itting in his lonely study, and, as the clock upon he stairs struek the midnight hour, he became w* ?! » spectral presence. The deipiMU, not in the least alarmed, asked the spectre 'who he was! whereupon the ghott in awful tones replied, '1 am apparishioner!' The reverend gentleman, unmediau-ly rated him soundly, aud the feaiful Iteing, evidently frightened at the- prospect of an assessment, speedily vanished. EDUCATIONAL School-teacher -'Now, Jeremiah Hunles, spell gold' : . Jeremiah (rather backward for his age)— 'G-o-l-d. School-teacher-' Right. What is gold!' i Jeremiah— Don't knoah.' ' , School-teacher (exhibiting chain and eye-glass)— 'Why, what is this. Silt' Jeremiah— 'Brass, teacher!' [Jeremiah 'stood 'corrected'' imtnediatelr afterward h. TRIFLK FHOM MARQATt ine other day, a liousemuid. having finished her dusting in the house, was obscived, from the sea shore, to be sweeping the horizon with a xlass. i.,E! V t pi u- a httle rt-vei-lioy -n»de hlranelf as a Catherine- wheel. A po iceman, seeing the dangerous -pruceeding, took him up, ai d ulti i iw 'I m°M ca*?. V5'!''** an injured indivi dual), far too 'busi.' for it generally busies itself with the business of others iu which it has no business to busy itself at all. THE FOLLY OF DRESS. It is with pain we make the assertion, but we know many a woman who would infinitely booner be out of her mind than out of the fashion. AN IMPORTANT FACT FOR OCUL18TH. Mr. Punch was asked whether it was uoturible to cure a blind-alley; when that mighty genius readily replied, 'Certaiuly; 1 .should tinit begin by im proving its site.' HORTICULTURE. A scientific gardener succeeded, the other day, in planting a blow on his master's nose. The in teresting result has not yet been ascertained. ELEMENTARY INSTRUCTION. On n day of grand popular rejoicing, when the fountains, and the Bengal lights, rockets, and Koinan candles had been all brought into active requisition, a clever little boy, upon Iteing linked which of the two elements he would sooner lie. 'lire or waterr answered 'water,' and tins wa1 the subtle reason he gave for it—' Don't you m e the tire trwAvi. but the water alwuvs plays.' Thut boy, we are afraid, will never Iw Lord Chancellor. ORIGINAL ANECDOTE. The prettiest of all the young ladies in the refreshment place in the station at Peterborough made a clever remark lo Mr. Punch the other night. He wus afl'ably taking a bath bun or two, and waiting for the liell to ring, and of course wus in improving conversation with the fair attendants. 'My friend Lord Palmerston, has had a good time of it in Scotland,' wild Mr. Punch. 'Ye*. Sir,' said the young lady, 'and he has praised the people there so muclu that 1 think he should in future be called Lord Butter-scotch.' She poi tod her worils by handing to Mr. Punch a imcket of the delicate confectionary m- named, and he wan so overcome by his feelings that he weut off with out paying. The Soldi eks of tub Fortieth Regi ment.— The Church Chronicle says- 'On perusing the ninth annual report of Synod, we noticed tlmt among the collections made for the mission to tho heathen the soldiers who attend Kerviee at Trinity Church forwarded (per Sergeant ScIIh) the sum of £1 '.in. Gd. to the Very ltc-v. the lVun ; and when a co lection was recently made at Trinity Church in aid of an endowment IukI, the Dean received a note from Sergeant Sells, enclosing 17h. (id sub* scribed at the liarntcks in cons queuce of the appeal made by the Dean ou the previous Sunday. Knowing that the pay of the soldiers is extremely smiill, it is niost gratifying to i-ee thut they Ik t only take an interest in Church matter*, but can give a practical ptoof of that interest even lieyond what we might have expei ted considering their very limited means. True Christian liberality in not the exclusive privilege of those who can give largely: it may be exercised by all who, con strained by the love of Christ, 'give according as God hath blessed them.' The widow's two mires were pronounced by our Lord to have Itceu uioru than the costly gifts which the rich tluew into tho tieiwury. We are iHimuuded, therefore, that -iu this respect the example of the military speaks very emphatically to tlione who, because they cannot give much, give nothing at all. It is an example which may be undoubtedly regarded as conveying this lesson to each of us :— In whatever Christian work you are called to awUt, whether able to contribute much or little, ' (So and do thou likewise.' '* The French Soldi buy.— Tho French ivre so military a people that when a great nu.ionul sentiment is once aroused, the very children tiro ready to seize their little muskets and fall into columns of companies; but in the meantime, and until the mighty nation is challenged, the great bulk of the French peasantry arc ]icrhaps more lioniely, more rustic, more unadventurous than nioHt (if the people of Kurope. From these quiet, millions of people many tens of thousand* of imall, xad. huiiuless-looking young men urotvery fear torn iiy the coimcripUon, and immense energy —energy informed with the traditions of an undent imd even warlike uaiiiin-is brought to bear \i\mx the object of turning Uichc forlorn young captives into uljle soldiers. All tliut instruction am achieve is curefuliy done: but the enforced change from rural life to the life of barracks and camp* seems not to be favourable to the animal spirits of the mtn ; for although, when Keen iu uiasKUB or groups working hard at their military dtiticH, they ulways iippcur to be brisk, and almost merry, their Kecin ing animation ic the result of Ktiiart 'orders- the luiuuation of a horse when the nnri-U on cither side are lightly touching his Uaiikg-and during the hours whiut theyuie left to themselves, tin French soldiers of the line engaged in campaig ning are commonly depicted and HiiirillcBH. (if course this want of luslmuxH in the French army is superbly masked !?'? all the resourccR of military pomp, and all the outward Mgnu which neeai to show the presence of vigour, disputed, nnd wiJiiko ardour; but the material of which tlit- line'reyi liicuts are compiled must always keep a guod deal of its original nature, and whoever glancct) at the rising steps of French olilecrs succe.-sful iu Africa will find that they have climbed to eminence, not by leading troops of the line, but by obtaining in the critical part of their career tho comniund of choice French regiments, or, failing that, the com ma rid of troops of foreign race. These cli-ice French regiments are not composed of materials ut all like those which supjily the line. On thu con trary, they number in their ranks many thousands of bold, adventurous men, who take service in thu army of their own accord; and it is in these choice regiments that France hcc* the true expression of her warlike nature. Of ull these choice rcglmunU the Zouaves are the most famous, uud each of .thu three foremost divisions of the French army1 on the Alma had in it a regiment— A regiment with iU two war buttalions— Itelonging to the corps of the Zouavex. What the spearhead is to a spear, that its Zouave regiment was to each of these threo divisions.— The J unman (tfthe Crimea, By Altx~ uwler Wil I lam, Kinglakc. A Ghost Stoky. — A youug German lady (still living) had arrived with a party of friends at one of the most renowned hotels iu Paris, and occupied, for her part, un apartment on the first floor, furnished with unusual mag nificence. Here she lay uwake, long after thu hotel was wrapt iu slumlicr, contemplating, by the faint glimmer of her night-lamp, the cuxtly objects in the room, until, suddenly, the. folding duurs op]K-Bite her bed, which she had secured, flew open, and the chamlier was tilled with a. bright light, as of day. In the midst of tills thoru entered a namhome young man. in tho undress uniform of the French navy, having his hair dressed in the peculiar mode u la Tito*. Taking a chair from the bedside, he placed it iu the middle of the room, sat down, took from his pocket & pistol with a remarkable red butt and lock, put it to his forehead and firing, fell hock apparently dead! Simultaneously with the ex plosion the room became dark aud still, but a low soft voice uttered the»e xords:— '(say un Avo Maria for his soul.' 'Ihe young lady had fallen hack, not insensible, hut in a fur more painful state— a kind of cataleptic trance, and thus re mained conscious of all she imagined to have occurred hut unable to move tongue or hand until 7 o'clock on the following morning, at which hour her maid, in obedience to orders, knocked at the door. Kidding that no reply wan given the maid went away, and returning at 8, in company with another domestic, related her summons. Still no answer— and again, after a little consultation, the poor young lady was de livered over for another hour to her agonized thoughts. At 0 the doors were forced, and at tho same moment the power of speech and movement returned blie shrieked out to the attendants that a man had shot himself there some hours before, and still lay upon the floor. Observing nothing unusual, they concluded it was the excite ment consequent upon some terrible dream. She was therefore placed in another apartment, and with great difficulty persuaded that the wene she so minutely described had no foundation iu reality. Half an hour later, the hotel proprietor desired an interview with a gentleman of the party, and declared that the scene so strangely re-enacted had actually occurred three nights before. A young French officer had ordered the l-est room iu the hotel, and there terminated his life, using for the purpose a pistol answering the description mentioned. The body and the weapon lay at the. Morgue for identification, and the gontlemarj, n?Qi ceeding thither, saw both; the head of the unfor tunate man exhibiting the 'Titiu' crop and tho wound in the foiehuid, as in the vision.— Spice? t S.range Thing*. Vabapfine Wax.— Among tho later triumphs of chemical art there are few greater than the production of this beautiful substance, which realizes the desideratum lone ago expressed by Liebig. viz.—' the production of a solid hydro carbon of the same com position as the illumi nating constituent* of coal gas.' To describe it .as , ' vegfitable spermaceti' would be,. perhaps, to convey the nearest idea of iu properties ana appearance. It was first obtained in sufficient quantity to make it a commercial article about the year 1849. and then from tiie peat of Irish hogs. By the distinctive distilla tion of 100 tons of peat, from 300 to 350 lbs. of paraitine are obtained, mixed with a variety of other substances and impurities, from which, by a long and ingenious series of chemical processes it K-ted to powerful hydraulic pressure, paraffine by reason of its close resemblance to the most beautiful wax or spenn, and from its readily com bining with those bodies as well as from the white ness uiiil lustre of the flame with which it bums- is a material fittedfor the manufactureofamostelejrant description of candles. Iu emitting no. odour In burning rentiers it peculiarly eligible for illumina ting purposes. Dr. Letheby states that candles made of it bear a most favourable comparison with all others, the burning rate being 122 prains per hour, against wax 168 ((rains, composite 144 crairu. iteanc 140 grains, and npennuceli l&jrnnns;: «o that their durability is 37 per cent, greater than wax, and S per cent, greater than spermaceti. The same authority states the illumina ting power of paramne wax to be 23 per cent, preater than spermaceti, 40 per cent greater than wax, 46 per cent greater than stearic. and 58 per cent greater than composite. Or, to put it in another way, 98 lbs. of parafGne candles equal 120 In*, of spermaceti, or I3Slbs. of wax, or 144 lbs. of stearine, or lr5 lbs. nf the l-est compositelandlpt. This high illuminating power is due to the circumstance that it contains a large proportion of carl»nn ; it is indeed, among the richett of the hydro carbons aud therefore burns with a very intense light, and requires an un usually small wick. The products of its combus tion are the same as those of wax and spermaceti, and quite free from sulphur compound!. From its great beauty, as well as other superior as 'lilies it is to be hoped we may shortly see it Introduced into grami use. - 