THE MANUFACTURE OF GHOSTS. [From the North British Daily Mail.] When any one looks into a glass or metallic mirror he sees an image or ghost of himself. If his neighbor looks over his shoulder he, too, sees the same ghost. What gives this business of ghost-making its chief mystery is the plan of concealing adroitly the person or object who or which is to be ghostified, and show- ing only the image or ghost, and thus snapping the otherwise palpable connexion between the true object, animate or inanimate, and its picture or representa- tion. If a plane metallic or silvered glass mirror only were employed in producing the ghost a child would not be startled at the effects produced, how- ever completely the original object might be con- cealed from view; but it is otherwise, and all are surprised when an image or ghost is called up before the observer without any apparent connection with mirror action at all. Now, without going into the questions in optical science respecting the reflection of light from plane surfaces, the formation of images by plane mirrors, or of mul- tiple images formed by glass mirrors, we may remark that metallic mirrors have but one reflecting surface, giving only one image of an object. With glass mir- rors this is different. They give rise to several images which are readily observed when the image of a candle is looked at obliquely in a common looking- glass. A very feeble image of the candle is seen, and then a very distinct one. Behind this there are several others, whose intensity or clearness gradually decreases until it disappears. This phenomenon or appearance arises from the looking-glass having two reflecting surfaces—that of the face of the plate, and that of the layer of metal which covers the hinder surface of the glass. The greater feebleness of the image reflected from the glass than from the metal surface arises from the circumstance that the metal reflects better than the glass. It completely intercepts the light reflected from the original object, and throws it back to the eye. Now, in ghost-making a plate of clear glass is placed between the observers and where the ghost is made to appear; and what is seen as the ghost is nothing more than the feeble image of a true object, produced by reflection from the surface of the plate. But the ghost, when well shown, is an in- tensely vivid image, the very reverse of feeble; and the question is, How is the intensification of an originally feeble image effected ? It is effected by greatly reducing or extinguishing all other lights, and by concentrating an intense light on the original ob- ject, and thus greatly increasing the reflecting power of the clear glass plate, and by at the same time forming a dark background behind the plate, which further assists in throwing out the image or ghost to the eye of the spectator. All this is quite a common occurrence in the shop windows along the streets, and perhaps still better shown in a lighted railway carriage at night. The ghosts of the passengers in the carriage are shown through the car- riage windows upon the apparent ground of the dark sky, and the carriage lamp, from its being the most luminous object, presents tbe most vivid ghost of all. As ordinarily presented on the stage, the arrangements for the production of a ghost are essentially as follows: — The front of the stage is made to rise fire feet or so from the floor. Within this barrier, and standing down out of sight, and facing the stage, the true object is placed. A large plate of glass is made to rest on the stage, and to lean slightly forward towards the person or object that is to be ghostified. The image of the object is reflected from the glass plate to the audience, and this image is seen by them to be as far behind the plate as the true object is placed in advance of it. The electric light, or usually what is called the " lime" or " Drummond light," sent through the condenser of a lamp or magic lantern, is at the same time projected on the original object. The ghost is seen to be illuminated from below up, and this comes of placing the lamp low, and throwing the light on the true object upwards. A white lustrous dress given to a female personating the ghost exalts the effect. The live ghosts shown have the habit of leaning forward so as to catch as much of this illumination as possible. All the room lights are in the meantime reduced, otherwise the audience also, as in the case of the passengers in the railway carriage, would be converted into ghosts. As much light, and no more, is left on the stage as admits of the actors on it being seen. These performers see no ghost; all their movements are calculated as to place and time. The ghost placed on the stage so far as the adaptations of this illusion have yet gone, is fixed; a hand or part of the body may be moved, but not the whole, beyond a very small distance. If any one wishes to assure himself about the use of the glass, a pea or pellet of paper flung against it will assure him. "The ghost" will afford abundant fun for the Christmas pantomimes, and tradition will be ransacked for all ghost stories to utilise this carious and amusing triple. "Tarn O'Shanter" and "Death and Dr. Hornbook" are capital themes; and besides the hosts of tradition and of literature, the ghost suggestion is likely to be abundantly fertile in all sorts of new dramatic in- ventions, wherein sprites may be introduced. Ghost- making will become also a family amusement, we have no doubt, and the simplicity of the apparatus em- ployed for the production of the many illusions of which this matter is capable, will set the youth of both sexes to work amusement daring the approach- ing winter months. A parlour table, a large sheet of glass, a toy magic lantern, and a few yards of black linen, will do for apparatus, and all the babies in the household can be made ghosts together or in turn. Of course we are quite aware that it is the common practice of interested parties to surround this novelty in optical illusion with mystery, and to deny that any one knows aught about the matter but the espe- cially initiated. 