REMARKABLE APPARITIONS. Whatever may bo thought in tho present day of the reality of spectres and appari tions; it is certain that there were many who firmly believed that they had been visited by beings of a supernatural world, or that they had seen tho spirits of departed rela tives and friends. Ono of tho best authen ticated of these stories is that of Nieolai, an author and bookseller of Berlin. In the autumn of the year 1790, ho tells us that ho had been afflicted with an uninterrupted series of misfortunes, which hud the ellect of casting him into very low spirits. At length ho fell ill, and one morning, while his wifo and mother wero in the room, ho saw, at a short distance from tho bed, a form like that of a friend he had lost. He asked his wife to look at it, but she saw nothing, and endeavoured to allay his agi tation. At four o'clock in the afternoon of the same day, the figure again appeared to him. He endeavoured to convince hiin solf that he laboured under some delusion occasioned by his weak health, but in a short time numerous other phantoms, ' sometimes resembling acquaintances, but mostly strangers,' surrounded his bed. ' I could/' writes Nieolai, ' distinguish between phantoms and real objects, and the calmness with which 1 examined them, enabled me to avoid tho commission of the smallest mistake. I knew exactly when it only ap peared to me that the door was opening, and a phantom entering the door, and when it actually opened, and a real person entered.' For a long time Nicolai was haunted by these apparitions, not only in his own house, but when he visited friends. They were generally walking, took no notice of each other, although the room was sometimes full of them, and they moved ' as in a market- placo,' where all are eager to pass through the crowd. Some had a pleasing appearance, and none wero disgusting or terrifying in aspeot. Nicolai heard them talk (jfifMifiionnllv. though nil he suvsLnn that. subject is that ' their speeches were com monly short, and never of an unpleasant turn.' After this state had coutinued for some time it was decided to bleed the pa tient, and while the operation was being per formed, Nicolai fancied that he sow the chamber crowded with his shadowy guests. Gradually they vanished into air, and the bookseller was free.' At a subsequent period of his life, he tells us that he experienced a ' sensation as if the phantoms wore going to reappear,' but he saw nothing. Nothing can be clearer than that a bad state of health had conjured up the spectres, and that they wero exercised by means of a few leeches. Another extraordinary story is told of a commission which was appointed after the execution of Charles 1., to survey (licking's house at Woodstock. One night, wheu all tho doors wero securely fastened, a great black dog entered tho room whero they silt, *? tn:tfii'» A flronfirtl I liniVltlirr /iVfiWumi/w) 4\trs\ or throe chairs, and vanished under, the bed.' While wondering at this occurrence, they lieard the furniture being thrown about tho king's chamber, and the following morning they found the minutes of their transactions torn to pieces, and tho ink-glass broken. In tho night some of tho beds wero tilted up so high that the occupants began to think their nocks would be broken, and they were let suddenly down with such forco as to shake the very windows and ceilings. Bedclotlics wore stripped off, candles ex tinguished, and all kinds of unearthly noises were heard. Huge stones were thrown into tho bed-rooms during tho night, cannou seemed to be fired off, and Dr. Plot., in his history of Oxfordshire, says that this spec tral cannonading was hoard sixteon miles round the country. The Commissioners wero thoroughly terrified by this time, and their horror was increased on the night of the 1st November, when burning logs of wood were tossed into their beds, pailfuls of ' green, stinking water was thrown into the room,' furniture was shattered and broken, cannon thundered in their ears, ' liko tho broadsides of a ship of war,' and not only the commissioner's, but ovoryono. in the neighbourhood, wero frightonod bo yond measure. Cromwell's agents could stand it no longer — they loft tho house, and rtnvAl* nryniii nmthi Iia nrnirnilnri minn tn i«n turn. All thcBO 'signs and wonders' were caused, it was afterwards discovered, by the ingenuity of tho Commissioners' own secre tary — one Joseph Collins. He know, all tho trap-doors and secret passages in the house, and with the aid of his fellowser vants, performed all the tricks that had so alarmed tho Commissioners. But to this day there are some in Oxfordshire who be lieve piously that, after King Charles's death, ghosts haunted the house at Wood stock, and would have killed the Commis sioners had they not retreated. A pamphlet, published in 1799, relates the story of a lady who, when lying ill, was visited by the apparition of a femaie relative, and heard her say, ' My dear, you will re cover from this fit of sickness, but you will most certainly dio the day you are twenty-; seven years old' Four years afterwards the lady reached the age indicated, and her husband assembled a party to try and divert her thoughts from the 'warning' she had reoeived. Her frieuds did all that lay in tucir power ui cueer nor, uut mey nna not left tho house many minutes boforo she waB seiecd with a fit and expired — no doubt from sheer exhaustion and apprehension. Tho anecdote of Professor Baumgarten has often beon roforred to. One day, while sitting 'at his Btudy window,' at Berlin, he saw a funeral procession coming down the street, attended by mourners who wore his intimate friends. When the coffin came beneath the window, ho rend his own name and age on tho plato. He wrote his will directly, and the same evening died in a fit of apoplexy — tho same onuses, doubtloss, having been at work in his oaso as in that of Nicolai. '1O THE LADIES.-ACALL TO BE A WIFE. Has that woman a call to be a wife, who thinks more of her silk dress than, her children, and visits hei nursery no otoner than once a day ? / i Has that woman a call to be a wife, who cries for a cashmuro shawl, when her bus band's hills are being protested ? ' Has that woman u call to be a wife, who sits reading the last new novel, whilo her husbaud stands before the glass, vainly try ing to pin together a buttonless shirt bosom ? Has that woman a call to be a wife, who expects her husband to swallow diluted coffee, smoky tea, six days out of seven ? Has she a call to boa wife, who keens her husband standing on one leg a full hour in the street, while she is saying that ltitAfminnnln *' Inflf* w/\iv1'* tn unmf- fVtmniA acquaintance ? Has sho a call to bo a wife, who flirts with every man sho meets, and reserves her frowns for the homo fireside ? Has she a call to be a wife, who comes down to breakfast in abominable curl pa pers, a soiled dressing-gown, and shoes down at tho heels ? . ? Has she a call to be a wife, who bores her husband when becomes into the house, with the history of a broken tea-cup, or the possible whereabouts of a missing broom-handle ? Has sho a call to be a wife, whose hus band's love weighs nought in the balance with her next door neighbour's damask ourtuins, or Turkey carpet ? Has she a call to be a wife, who would take advantage of a moment of conjugal weakness, to extort mouey or extract a promise T Has she a call to be a wife, who has the ' headache' whenever her husband wants her to walk out with him; but willingly wears out her boots promenading with her own friends ? Has bIio a call to be a wife, who values an unrumpled collar, or crinoline, more than a conjugal kiss? . Has she a* call to be a wife, to whom a good husband'B society is not the greatest of earthly blessings, and a house full of rosy children its best furnishing, and pret tiest adornment t — Fanny Fern. 