CURRENT TOPICS. The Council of the South Birwon Munici pality will meet this afternoon for the transac tion of the following business :—1. To consider and order on various reports. 2. To consider and order on tenders for work at Hilton. 3. To consider and order on tenders for forming and metalling 8 cl ains of the Mount Colite road Notices of motion. — By Councillor Benari—1. That it is expedient to take ad vantage of the present aeason of the year to fence in the road across DewiDg's paddock form ing the junction of the Germantown and Colac roads, and that tenders be called for fencing the same in accordance wi h the previous reso lutions cf the council relating to same. 2. That tenders be called to perform the work in Church*6treet and near the Council Chamber >i pwi«4 by tie Couceil We beg to remind all parties intending to scad exhibits to the Gaoloag and Western Dia «rict Agricultural and Horticultural Society** Exhibition on Thursday nest, that this is the last day on which entries of the same can h* received by the secretary. From the programme {bef-we us, it appears the Sober Concerts at the Temperance Hall. Little Malop street, are to be*c-mtinue>l de^pit^ the bitter things urged against them by ,thv secessionists of Yarra street. So far as we have seen, there appears to be a "difference only, in degree , in the object sought to be attained by these institutions; Each is established to pro • mote Temperance principles. Little * MH»p street;. endeavours to advance the cause; by meeting twice a week: on Wednesday evenings, in solemn conclave, when nothing i* broached but total abstinence; on Monday evening to the sound of good vocal and instrumen tal music. wh«-n temperance, and every other respectable subject may be freely indulged in. Yarra street, to judge by its inaugural proceedings, aims at spreading temperance truth by am»l | gamating the musical "with the oratorical | entertainment, and meetingonly 'once' a week. : Although it is scarcely fair to draw compari* | sons at this early stage of its career,-the pro- 1 pn*tors _o£ the Yaira" street establishment would do well to take a leaf out of their oppo nents, book, and " be temperate, as well as earnest in the advocacy of their views." A concert take* place this evening at* the 'l>m-~ perance Hall, and to-morr.>w night a meeting is announced at Yarra- street, of all members pledged to total abstinence. *!; -. The J*ootball Match played on Saturday last on the Melbourne ground, between the Geelong and Melbourne Clubs, for the challenge cup, resulted in a victory for Geelong, after a short but spirited contest. One o'clock was the huur appointed for the kick-off to take place, but owing to the Melbourne men not putting in an appearance till late, it was nearly three o'clock before the game commenced. Mr Nichols, captain of the Geeb-ng team, won the toss for choice of goal?, and the game commenced. After nearly an bout's play, the first goal was beautifully kicked by Mr George Tata. A short spell followed, and the two teams changed sides, renewing the game with freBh vigour; but in less than a quarter of an hour.it was terminated by the ball being cleverly kicked through the goal by Mr Rippon, thus securing both goals for Geelong. Of course there were the usual number of.tumbles, some of them not particu larly pleasant from the fact of there being a lamentable absence of grass, and a correspond ing greater quantity of bard bwe ground. Some little amusement was caused during the game by the ball taking refuge in a gum-tree, of which there are several on the ground, but a knock down argument again brought it down amongst its, foes. Although the Melbourne team was deficient of some of the ctack players, their places were, ably filbd by other members' of the club, who showed they were neither wanting in pluck nor agility. The weather was beautifully fine, and the greatest good humour prevailed during the match, no dispute occur ring to mar the pleasantness of the game. In the absence of Mr Harrison, who w^s to have been umpire for Geelong, Mr Middlemiss took his place. * • The few gentlemen, amateurs and profes sionals, who have lately taken the Theatre under th< ir wing, seem determined to keep alfre the flickering flame of dramatic taste in spite of many discouragements. Another per- i formance is announced for to night, with the drama nf the " Castle 'Spectre," which a. tem porary -furore for ghost-seeing lias brought again i to fashion. The play of "Raymond , and Agnes" bu had a run of four.or five nights. The modern version, however, had been so curtail--d, that the plot was by no means so clear as in the old G-rraan ballad form ing th*» around work of ibe play. The old story is briefly this. Raymond is enamoured of AgntB (Brunhild in the original), the daughter of a German baron, who opposes the suit, stolen meetings are the result, and an elope ment d« tern.ined on; but how e-cape the vigilance of the Castle guards ? Woman's wil solves the difficulty. Brunhild recounts to her lover an old legend of the Castle; J h- daughter of a former bar< n,\vho was,-in like m mn»-r with herself, crossed in love and forced to a nun nery, stabbed herself on the first night'of her s-elusion, and wsb supposed to haunt the Ca-tle ever rince in her cl ister costume, and with bleeding breast The ghost, so ran the tale, walked along the corridors and through the gates of the Castle every year on tli» anni versary of the; Sflf-sacrifice, and on that par ticular night in.every year the Castle gates 'were. 1-ft unbarr-d, to propitiate ihe wandering spirit -Brunhild told this to her lover as a « idle superstition ; but the anniversary of th* gho.it walk was that very night ! Brunhild would attire herself in the costume gossips described as that of the Bleeding Nun; would pass through the unguarded portal and fly with Raymond ! The result may be guessed. Ray mond waits at the Castle gate, and receives as his bride—not Brunhild but the spectre, by whom he is spirited away somewhere in manner usual in such romances. The nal Brunhild •merges from the Castle gates a little later; but to find her lover gone Wh*t becomes of her in th" ballad we do not remember, but in the piny as put upon the Geelong stage she meets Mr Hyde who has a delicacy in telling her that Master Raymond has just gone off with somebody else, in a long white dr< ss and a red spot on her. chemise. There is a good deal in the play about a rob bvr's cave, and any quantity of desperate com bats of the old me^o-dramatic sort, where the funny s rvant proves moro than a match for three or four robbers. It is worth looking at as an antiquity. At such things our grand fathers were amused. The Castle fpectrehas more pretensions to literary merit than Ray mond and Agnes, and an hour or two may be worse spent than in witne- sing its represen tation. The enrolment of volunteers to serve in the Auckland militia is still carried on in Melbourne with considerable spirit. At the time the office closed on Saturday the ** Caduceustf had not cleared the Heads, having been compelled from adverse winds to anchor on the previous night. She car Tea with her close upon 400 men, and on Wednesday next the "The«»da" will pro bably proceed with an additional contingent of 200\. Eighty applicants have already passed the required scrutiny in Melbourne, and a far larger number have presented themt- elve.-, the ineligibility of whom was easily ascertained through the prudential steps adopted by Colonel Pitt. With the third contingent his mission ia supposed to be fulfilled, and from the arrange ments made there cm be but little doubt that by Wednesday next he will obtain th° strength required. The enrolment will continue daily at Melbourne between the hours of 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. under the immediate supervision of Colonel Pitt, At Geelong, on Monday and Tuesday next under Lieut Fraser. The same at Sandhurst undt-r Captain Skene. At Balla rat, Lieut Uickards will receive applications until noon of the 15th iust., and Lieut. Walker proceeds to Costlemaine to-day for a similar object. A gen- ral muster of those enrolled ia ordered for Wednesday at 1 p m. previous to embarkation. So far as cau be judged from outward appearance, tbe third contingent will favorably compare with their comrades in arms Contrary to 'general expectation, the Muni cipal Amendment Bill passed through the Upper House in the unprecedented space of . minutes and a ft w sveonds. It becomes law on the 1st of October next, and the existing councils will therefore have to study the provi sions ; meanwhile the following digest will be useful:—The existing Chairman becomes the Mayor of the municipality. The existing coun cillors continue members under the new Act. Three retire on the second 'lhursday in August next, when five will be elected, making the total number nine. An annual meeting will b-e held in November, when the new Mayor must be elected The clause allowing members tf Parliament to pass through toll gates toll free, and which was struck out of the Local Govern ment BUI, escaped the notice of the Lords in their hurry on "Wednesday, and therefore HP.'s may drive a bullock team through any municipal toll free for the future. The endowments are to be precis'ly oue-half next year of what they ore this, and to grow sma l by degrees and beautifully less until 1867, altvr which inuncci pditieaare to be left to shift lor themselves. The only business at the Police Court on Saturday was the disposal of three men, named John Dwyer, George Holland, and Charles Wade, charged with drunkenness, who were each lined be, in default six hours imprison ment. Owing to new "arrangements" ornewsome thing else, none of the road districts in the jBol«ny will get a shilling of the Government grant until the close of this week notwitkstand- ! ing the government announced a month &£0 j tjiat it wpi}14 bs »yail»W9 in » few A man named John Gears, who left Colae i vhout two years since to try his luck in New -iialand, is reported to be missiog-in a m*>s maccountable manner. It stems thu bf irriv'ed here nearly three weeks ago, and wrote :o his wife, whum he had left at Colacj to com town and meet him, sending her at the sam time L5 to pay her expenses; he had previously her several 'sums of money from New Zealand. On her arrival in.Geelon^, sue sscer tiined that on the day previous her husband nad intimated his intention of going up 10 Mel bourne to get cash for a bank draft he had brought over with him, and of returning again immediately. Not .appearing . a* *xpeo-ed, his wife proceeded to moke, enquiries afrer him, but could not hear of him, or when hr had gone to Melbourne, or, indeed, that h hadt gone at all. She then proceeded to Melbourne and was equally unsuccessful in* hearing any tidings of him. nor has. any one who knows him heard anything of him. This is more than a fortnight ago no w, and appre hensions are entertained that something may have happened to him, as he is reported to be a sober man. Informa ipn, we bnlieve, has been given to the police of the circumstances, but up to the present time nothing has beeu heard of Gears. The last actually kuown of his movements in Geelong is that on last Friday, fortnight he left the house of a Mr Meek, in O'Connell street, to meet the Colac coach, expecting his wife down ; and that after that he called at the Union Hotel, and inquired of the landlord if a female had arrived by the coach. He was told she had not, and since that time all trace of him is lost. ■' , ' In order to facilitate the transit of wool during the approaching season (o the Mel- I bourne market, Messrs Goldsborough and Co have announced their intention of laying on a steamer from Port MacDonnell, provided suf ficient encouragement be given to the enter prise. The procee ings of the Riverine Council at their lust meeting show that the movement for j separation can no further be teg«rded as a sham. . Nbthwithotanding a most watchful eye presides j over the expenditure, the sum of LlOO has been | voted to petty cash account to meet any con- j tingent expenses to which Mr Lang may be sub- ] jected during his Btay in Sydney, together with ; an allowance of L2 per day since August 12. | Mr P. G. Jones, of the Pastoral Timcshaa been appointed to receive a similar allowance, j independent of all travelling expenses. The ' manner in which the last call for subscriptions i has been responded to, proves that the vast ter- | ritory known as Riverine iB destined to become ; an independent colooy, or ^few South Wales j must alter her tone and be.prepared to make amends for the past by allowing a considerable draft on her exchequer, : We learn on good authority that two boys found a three ounce nugget of gold in a small gully at Stieglitz, not far from Mr Wharton's house, on Friday last, in about five feet sinking. The sailing match on Lake Learmontb, be tween Mr Bath's boat Nereidv built by Ander son of Geelong and Mr McKenzie's boat Stag, built '-by* Johns of South Yarra, took place, on Thursday, and resulted in Victory to the Gee lot'g built boat. The Star gives the following -account:—" The coming event had for several days caused considerable excitement in the I agricultural district, watch resulted in a large assemblage at the appointed I time. The shores of the lake were gaily deco- I rated with flags. On Wednesday evening a strong reinforcement to the Lake Learmonth | firet bad arrived from Geelong in the Bhnpe of three boats consigned to Mr Clement i tter, the entcprisin^ proprietor of the Weatherboard Hotel, situate at the south-western angle of the lake. These b oats were duly launched near Mr fitter's tesidence on Thursday morning, and their arrival being unexpected, their appearance on the lake was an agreeable surprise to . the penple of: Learmonth, and they wr re warmly greeted on their arrival at " Port Solomon," 'where Mr M'Kenzie has latfly erected a very um ful jetty. . Among those present were several of the . principal residents of the district, as jwell as' j gentlemen from Ballarat. , Mr M'Kensie's boat appeared to be decidedly.the f-tvori«e previous to thr* start, the knowing oii*b all d.cUrug that there was not wind enough to enable Mr Bath's craft to dis tinguish itself. The result,' however, prov d the contrary; for after a very'ke-nly contested race rouud the lak»», over a course which hid been buoyed off for the occasion, .the Keteid c«me in flrsr, by a short fiistancy amid great acclamation from the crowds assembled. B at ing at h armonth having become an established fact, many of those'who. heretofore sho«ik their heads an l ridiculed the idea that the water supply channel would ever do any good, now acknowledge their error and freely admit that Mr Morton's water supply ache i e is not the fiilure they anticipated, but, on' the contrary, that it promises to become a. work of great benefit to all landholders in the neighborhood. In addition to.the jetty erected by Mr M'Ken zie, among the improvements around the lake, may be noticed another jetty erected by Mr Bath at " Port Hewlett/' and a small enclosure planted with trees by the same gentleman on *he sand bank at the Ballarat side of the lake Mr Etter, moreover, has obtained from Govern ment a piece of laud under lease on the south side of the lake for a mulberry plantation and pleasure Grounds. A public meeting has also been called for Monday next,. to take steps to induce Government to vest in trustees for a public p «rk or recreation ground the remaining unsold land around the lake, snd the land forming the banks of the new water channel." At the Maryborough General Sessions, on Thursday, Jumes Alexander Exshnw, late a clerk in the Bank of Victoria, pleaded Guilty to a charge of larceny and embezzlement of three hundred pounds, monies of the Bank. Mr Aspinall addressed the Court for the prisoner, saying that the plea just recorded was really one of deep contrition, and was all the prisoner could perhaps do to make reparation to the bulk. Everything about the case nhowed this to be the one case of his life. He therefore trusted the Court would extend its m°rcy in this case, after due consideration. Tne Chairman, Mr Macoboy, in passing sen te cp, remaiked that he had read the deposi tions, and had given them his attentive con sideration. A young man, actuated as was the prisoner, should not have been led into tempta tion. His very position should have prevented him from doing a* he had doue. The law would not be vindicated by a Ls? sentence than two years, and the sentence therefore was, that the prisoner be kept to hard labor for that period. In no department of industry has greater pro- gress been made during the last few years than in the art of printing ; and in no case is the improvement so manifest as in the printing of newspapers; but so little idea have most people i of the magnitude of some printing establish ments, that we feel glad to lay before our readers an extract from a letter from the pub lisher of the mighty Times to a friend in Geelong. After reading this extract, let any on-- take a Times in his hand—the double sh^et of course—ecan it carefully over, and ask him self if it be not a miracle of 1863:—"We have been doing a pretty good business lately—the , penny papers not having quite annihilated us, as many persons predicted they weuld. Before the reduction of the paper duty, our daily num ber was 52.000, now it is 6G.OOO. Last Monday week, after the arrival of the Princess Alex andra, we sold upwards of 90,000 ; and on the Wednesday, the day aft-r the wedding, 11",000, •his latter number consuming four hundred reams of paper, weighing 15 tons ! ! You will further be interested in 1-arninu that we now print at the rate of sixty thousand p?r hour ! What a crammer I you will 'hink! 1.000 per minute. Yet I assure you it is tru\ You ate aware that it is stereotyped, and we talc fnur se»8 of plates, which are put on at four machines, tw-» of them Hoe's ton cylinder, which print at the rate of 18,000, and tw«» of Applegarth's, which print I'2,u00 each per hour. 'Ibis, too. you will d"ubtless think wonderful, but I a-sure you it is quite true; and the stereotyping process is now so improved, that they get the plate* in the machine room within half an hour after the " form " has been sent to the foundry. When I was at Clowes's thirty years ago, we sent our forms down one afternoon, and thought ourselves lucky to get them back the next after- noon. These are facts that will, I think, be interesting to you." Geeloug Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum lOtb. September, 1863 :— No. of in-patienta remaining 3rd Sept. 106 Do. admitted since .. 3 114 No. of in-patienta discharged since 3rd September ... 10 ♦ Do. died do. 1 II No. remaining 10th September ... 103 lNo. ef attendances on outpatients daring the week .» £Gg 