Facts and Fragments. " I am an unlucky man, gentlemen," exclaimed a poor fellow. "If I were to seize time by the forelock; I do believe it would come right out, and leave me as bare a barber's block." When a fiddler poisons himself with, laudanum, he may be said to have had too much of the " base vial." When should shipwrecked sailors not be disheartened? When they're in the "jollyboat." The man that was " bent on matrimony" straightened us afterwards. " A stethoscope," says a young medical student "it is a spyglass for looking into people's chests with your ears." A young lady in Lancashire being asked how she could possibly afford, in these hard times to take music lessons, replied "Oh, I confine myself to the low notes." Some young ladies dressed out in finery re- semble the cinnamon tree—the bark is of a greater value than the body. Profound silence in a public assembly has been thus neatly described :—"One might have heard the stealing of a pocket handkerchief." The moon is so old, that, if it is made of green cheese, it is unquestionably inhabited. When Daphne was changed to a tree to escape the wooings of her lover she was more wood than ever. Constant motion is the first law of nature, nothing being stationary except pens, ink, and paper. An old toper says the two most precious things now enclosed in hoops are girls and kegs of whisky. A merchant advertised for a boy who was " quick at figures." A darling youth appeared bringing his mother's certificate of his agility in the lancers and the polka. Upon a traveller telling General Doyle, an Irishman, that he had been where the bugs were so large and powerful that two of them would drain any man's blood in one night, the general wittily replied, "My good sir, we have seen the animals in Ireland, but they are called humbugs. A gallant soldier was once heard to say his only measure of courage was this: " Upon the first fire I immediately look upon myself as a dead man ; I then fight the remainder of the day as regardless of danger as a dead man should be. All my limbs which I carry out of the field I regard as so much gained, or as so much saved out of the fire." During a part of the reign of Louis XIV, Lord Stair was the English Ambassador at his Court. One day, at a dinner of dignitaries, a minister of the grand monarque rose to propose a toast to "the sun, the emblem of my master, the centre of the universe." The pledge duly honored, Lord Stair stood up and gave " Joshua (who made the sun to stand still), the emblem of England." Some one speaking of a gathering of Yankee lawyers to open a new Court house, said he supposed they had gone to view the ground where they must shortly lie." A contemporary says that some miners have found silver on one of the slopes of Mount Parnasus. They are more successful than most of the poets have been. A quack doctor, on his death-bed, willed his property to a lunatic asylum, giving as a reason for so doing that he wished his fortune to go to the liberal class who patronised him. CHANGE OF WEAPON.—Prognosticating the exhaustion of the Confederates, a Northern organ says—"The Long Purse will give us victory." Perhaps. The Long Bow has done it hitherto.—Punch. THE BUTCHER ANSWERED—Judge Jefferys, pointing with his cane to a man who was about to be tried, said," There is a great rogue at the end of my cane." The man replied, " At which end, my Lord." " Where's your father?" said an angry master to the son of a tippling domestic. " He is down stairs, sir. "Getting drunk, supposes, " No sir." " What then ?'' " Getting sober sir.' "Did you not observe the scraper at the door, sir?', exclaimed an offended spinster to a gentleman who had entered the house with- out scraping his boots. " Yes'm," said he ; " and I intend using it when I go out !" IMPUDENT BUT ECONOMICAL—A man who had been fined several weeks in succession for getting drunk, cooly proposed to the judge that he should take him by the year, at a reduced rate. CABINET CONVERSATION.—President Lincoln: How's the rebellion to-day ? Seward: Rapidly crushing. Chase : Rapidly pulverising. Stanton : Rapidly effervescing. Bates: Rapidly decaying. Blair : Rapidly ending. Welles: Rapidly exploding. Usher: Rapidly smashing. President : Yes gentlemen ; but crushing, pulverising, effervescing, decaying, ending, exploding, and smashing whom ?— New York Punch. LAY 'EM YOURSELF.—Homespun dames and damsels make the circuit of the square, inquiring at every door, " D'y buy eggs and butter yer ?" and sometimes responding indignantly, as I heard a maiden once, when told that eggs were bringing only three cents a dozen, "What! do ye s'pose our hens are gwine to strain themselves a-laying eggs at three cents, a dozen. Lay 'em yourself, and see how you'd like the price." —American Paper, A Dutchman summoned to identify a stolen hog, being asked if the hog had any ear-marks he replied:—" Te only ear-marks dat I saw vas his tail vas cut off." SPIRITS.—A French gettleman, who had heard rum called spirits, went into one of our hotels a few evenings since, and called for a glass of punch, requesting at the same time that it should be made with "ghosts'' from the Vest Indies." An old Dutchman, a member of fhe Canadian Legislature, said in broken English "Ven I vent to the Legislature I tought I would find dem all Solomons dere, but fund dere vas some as pick fools dere as I vas." 