THE KEAN PERFORMANCES. On Wednesday evening Mr. Xtan appeared as ' Hamlet,' with unqualified success, so far ns pleas ing tbt auditnee went. It was a moat animated and brilliant performance, but in our opinion somewhat too fiery for the melancholy, misanthropic Prioce of De: mark, even though he accuses himself of ' cursing like a v-ry drab.' From first to lari, lhe audience was on the tip-toe of expectation, and though lasting tbr-e hours and e-half, the performance never once grew tediouB. Ir averting that in our opinion there was too much CEirev hi limes in Mr. Kesn'e delivery, which, how ever, tcld on the house, we prefer this fault to a weary and monotonous etretching out of the circumstances of thi6 very peculiar tragedy. Young, Charles Kem ble, Ketn the elder, Macready, and Fechter, have each snvftted Hamlet with the peculiarities of their own idubyncracy, and their conceptions all possess great merit — that of Fechter, however, de petdirg nore on 'novelty of busineFS ' than depth cf expression, a style which may charm for the hour, but will certainly not go down to posterity. Mr. Charles Kean's Hamlet difitrs from ih&t; of the other actors whom we have named in intensity of passion, and we tbink superior effect in declamation. Mr. Kean'E idea of Hamlet's demeanour towards Ophelia is tbe reverse of harsh ; and when he breaks out into the exclama tions against women and their bsauty, it is rather to him66lf he speaks then to Ophelia, andnothirg could exceed the tenderness with which he exclaims, ' I did love you once.' In the play scene Hamlet was as good as his word when he eaid he would his 44 eye rivet on the King.' The vehemence, however, of his delivery of ' Let the hfcve been sufficient to convince any but a very dull King indeed that he was the hero of the play— te us it ctcmed to render unnecessary tbe further explanation, ' We shall tee anon how the murderer gets the love of Gonzsgo's wife,' — the whole scene, however, for force and animation cannot be too highly applauded, The closet scene was also very fine throughout, thesucceeB being in part due to tbe excellent imper sonation of the Queen by Mrs. Kean. The recrimina tion previous to the dcaih of Poloniue, was sharyand bitter; and when tbe old man pays- the forfeit of his curiosity, tbe look Hamlet gives his mother, as he enquires, 'Is it the king? ' was finely exprc Ebivc of the hope that he had avenged hiB father's death. The interview with the grave-digger, and the acdreEE io the skull, were not very impressive ; the portion 'Now get you to my lady's chamber, and let her paint an inch thick — to this favour she muet crme,' wee rather an admonition than a reflection. Hamlet's grief on learning the death of Ophelia was well pourirayed. Mr. Kean, it is satisfactory to state, does not leap into the grave, to wrangle on the coffin of Ophelia. From this to l is death, Hamlet's gloomy prescience of growing ill is sustained most consistently. Mr. Kean evidently gate the audience the most complete satis faction, as he was loudly applauded from beginning to end. Mrs. Kean appeared as the Queen, for which she was beautiiully dressed, and looked like a Queen. The only portion or this character which calls for more thbn ordinary effect is the interview with Hamler, after tbe play scene. In this, Mrs. Kean was admirable ; her authoritative demeanour in the first parr, and despair afterwards, were forcibly depicted. The profound sorrow which shows itself in her countenance, when Ophelia appears after her reason had departed, was very touching, because it had all the semblance cf genuineness. Mies Chapman's Ophelia was & very chaste per formance, and we have never seen her portion of the fourth act better gone through— she 6ings in sweetly plaintive tones, and draws te^rs from all eyeE. Folonius is better understood by Mr. Rogers than many who have sustained that part — although not the wisest of men, Poloniusis&ot; alool, and it is gratifying to find that Mr. Rogers recognises the fact. He, how ever, made a few slips in his dialogue ; for instance, the difference between the ' ecetacy of love ' and the 'ecetacyof madness' is just that between sense and nensense. Laertes found*a good representative in Mr. C&thcart; in whatever other qualifications he may be deficient, ihis gentleman is, at all events, always earnest. Mr. Everett's Horatio was a quiet imperson ation of the part, and he certainly appeared to be the man whom Hamlet said he would like to wear 'in hi6 heart of hearts. ' Some of the Hor&iios; we have seen would, if tbe Danish Prince had been made the subject of an inquiry de lutiatico , have amply proved the fact of Hamlet's insanity in calling any one of such his friend. Mr. Barry's representation of the ghost was very creditable ; and he delivered his Epeech, 'List, oh list,' with something like agree able rapidity. This passage is generally drawled out 'in most monotonous cadence.' 'NYe see no reason ? — at lesst no earthly reason — why ghoBts with limited -time should not speak quicker than they usually do on the stagp. The dress was also admirably arranged, and gave to the figure a preternatural gran deur quite new to our colonial theatres. Mr. Bart lett's King was not so good as many characters in which this gentleman appears ; it is not, however, a part for which any actor can feel a large amount of ecthu&iaEm.; The scenery and all the acceseorie were in keeping, and even the book which Hamlet is reading when interrogated by Polonius was one with tbe illuminated title letters of the olden time. 