Arrival of the Mail. FULL PARTICULARS OF THE NEWS. THE P. and O. Company's mail steamer Bombay arrived in Sydney harbour yesterday, and by her we have our European and American papers ; only a portion, however, as yet received. The English news is to July 27th. As presenting the most stirring events, we commence our extracta with AMERICA. The following is from the New York Tribune, of July 7th. THE CAMPAIGN IN VIRGINIA. — BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG. Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Gettysburg, Saturday, 7 p.m., July 4, 1863. At seven o'clock in the evening of June 28th, Major-General George G. Meade became commander of the army of the Potomac. That same night he issued orders to the several corps to move, and on the following morning the army moved as if unconscious of the change of commanders. The army was encamped about Frederick, Maryland. The main portion was ordered to move into Pennsylvania, through Emmettsburg, where the First, Third, and Eleventh Corps encamped Tuesday. The Sixth was ordered to Carlisle. The Second and Twelfth were also near Emmettsburg. Early on Wednesday morning the First Corps, commanded by Major General Reynolds, and the Eleventh, commanded by Major-General Howard, were ordered to Gettysburg, where it was reported the enemy had taken position. The detachment was commanded by General Reynolds. The troops were pushed forward rapidly, and arrived at Gettysburg, on the Baltimore pike, at half-past ten o'clock in the forenoon. The First Corps was in the advance. The enemy's outposts were encountered in a wood west of the town, near the Seminary. General Wadsworth, who com- manded the 1st division, immediately engaged the enemy in his front, and fought him for the wood. General Reynolds rode forward to inspect the ground and select a position for his line of battle The enemy distinguishing him as well from his soldiery bearing as from his uniform to be an officer of high rank, opened upon him with heavy volleys of infantry fire. He was struck by several balls, and died instantly without uttering a word. His acting Adjutant General, Captain Baird, was at his side and caught him in his arms to prevent him falling from his horse. This gallant officer, well and favourably known to the army and the country, never fought battles through orderlies and aides, but always in person. Like Sumner, in battle he was at the head of his column to direct — and by his own example of personal courage sustain his command when death reigned fearfully all around. That he was too rash will be alleged by many ; that he was a superior soldier and a brave man, is the testimony of every one who knew him. He fell fighting nobly for his country. Still more, he died in the defence of his native State. No treason- breeding soil drank up his blood, but all of him that was mortal is buried in the bosom of his own native State. Major General Doubleday succeeded to the command of the First Corps, and vigorously continued the opera- tions commenced by Reynolds, Wadsworth being already engaged near the seminary west of the town. Robinson's Division formed on the right and Doubleday's Division on the left of Wadsworth, and the whole line advanced through the woods, driving back the enemy. Soon, how- ever, solid masses of Rebel troops were seen coming up, and taking position on the right and left flanks, and it was evident that hot work was on hand. General Doubleday so distributed his forces as to hold a neck of woods on an eminence which was the key to the position. He continued with desperate fighting to hold his ground until the Eleventh Corps arrived and came to his relief. Major-General Howard then assumed command of the forces. One brigade from Steinwehr's division was sent into the town to hold it. General Howard, seeing the vital importance of seizing upon and holding the commanding positions, directed General Steinwehr to take his remaining brigade and the reserve artillery, place it on the Cemetery Hill, and to defend the heights. The divisions commanded by Schurz and Barlow were sent up to the immediate support of the First Corps. The troops were led forward with the memory of Chancellorsville before them, and with a determination to retrieve their lost honour. The two divisions moved through the town, and took a position on the right of the First Corps, and fought desperately against Ewell's Corps, which outnumbered them three to one. The first and second charges were stoutly re- sisted by the Eleventh Corps on the right, but on came a third charge with four regular lines far overlapping the little force on both flanks. The men still undaunted fought until both flanks were turned near half a mile. The force now opposed to the 1st and 11th comprised the corps of A. P. Hill and Ewell, numbering over 60,000 men. Yet against this fearful odds, the gallant band fought for hours, inflicting great slaughter on the enemy. Reynolds and Zook were dead, and Paul and Barlow wounded, and Schimmelfenning a prisoner. Many field and line officers had been lost and nearly half the men before the order was given to retire to the heights held by Steinwehr. General Howard had carefully examined the topogra- phy of the surrounding country. He knew that a very strong force of the enemy lay in the valley ; he felt, there- fore, that the holding of Cemetery Hill, which com- manded the whole surrounding country, was of the most vital importance. Accordingly he took the responsibility of falling back south-east of the town, to the command- ing heights on both sides of the Baltimore pike. The troops retired in the face of an overwhelming foe with a commendable steadiness. At times there was a little wavering, but nothing even approaching a panic. The corps by their conduct on Wednesday and later in the battle, are entitled to great commendation, and the Chancellorville disgrace is swallowed up by the achievements at Gettysburg. General Slocum with the 12th, and Sickles with the 3rd corps, came up and took position to the right and left of Howard, on the hills. During the battle in the afternoon, when his troops were outnumbered and sorely pressed, General Howard sent to Slocum, who was within five miles, to come to his relief. He sent a second time, but received no reply. General Howard then sent his brother, Major Howard, to urge upon General Slocum to come up in person if he would not send troops. Slocum replied that he did not wish to take the responsibility of the fight. In the meantime, however, he moved up his corps to be ready to aid in defence of the heights if neces- sary. General Sickles on receiving Howard's request, at once moved up rapidly, but owing to the great distance he was in the rear his corps did not arrive until the second position had been taken. The enemy was not disposed to attempt the carrying of the heights, and here the battle ended. Two advantages were gained. The enemy was obliged to exhibit his strength and to commit himself to a posi- tion ; and the commanding positions were seized and held by the National troops. During the night General Meade and staff came up to the front. The Campaigning General carefully examined the surrounding country, and after considering the loca- tions and positions in all their strategical and tactical bearing, he approved of the position taken by General Howard, and so disposed his forces on the several hills or "round tops" and ridges, as to construct a battle line in the form of a crescent, with the centre to the south- ward from the cemetery. The hills present outcrops of sandstone rocks in ledges having a dip of from twenty to ninety degrees ; these ledges in many cases are fill twenty feet high, and afford admirable shelter for troops. The slope of the hills at places is moderate and regular ; in some instances abrupt, and even sometimes presents vertical rocky faces. The enemy was in a valley, or on hills, at a distance too great to be of use for shelter. The roads on which the enemy would desire to march were commanded by Meade's guns, and hence Lee must fight with the hills against him. For once, then, in the history of the army of the Potomac, the enemy has been compelled to give battle at a disadvantage. On Wednesday night all the troops but the Sixth Corps, commanded by General Sedgwick, arrived on the field. The veteran division, known as the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, was attached to the Fifth Corps. The Second Vermont Brigade, nine months' men, were assigned to the first corps. On Thursday morning the line was formed as follows :— Slocum's corps on the right, Howard joining on the left ; Hancock's (Couch's) Newton's (Reynolds), and Sickles' corps in the centre ; and Sykes' (Meade's) on the left. Numerically commen- cing with the right, the line was formed of the 12th ???? and 5th Corps. ??? ly the position during Thursday and ??? General Meade did not fight his army by corps. As the battle raged more fiercely here or there detachments of divisions or brigades were sent to sup- port, and would remain till wanted elsewhere. So admirably were the several resistances and on- slaughts managed that whenever and wherever support- ing columns were needed, then and there they would be found in sufficient force to accomplish the object desired. All the heights, and every advantageous position along the entire line where artillery could be massed or battery planted, frowned down on the enemy through brows of brass and iron. There was no conceivable avenue of approach that could not be raked and crossed with the artillery. The reserve artillery and all the essentials to ensure victory were in position at the right time. The immense cavalry force too, for once, was present, covering both flanks of the army, and continually harassing the enemy. This was a new and an encouraging feature that gave confidence to the men and security to the trains. There were no ghosts of stampeding corps or other scapegoats with horns fast in the bushes ready to bear away whatever censure might befall one too weak to bear the burden of his own folly. These the cavalry prancing along the flanks frightened away to the swamps of the Chickahominy, the banks of the Rappahannock, or to Antietam's bloody fields, where erst they were wont to congregate. Early on Thursday morning the enemy commenced feeling the lines of General Meade's army. Skirmishing continued more or less severe until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Suddenly, at about this hour, the enemy opened a terrific fire on the Cemetery Hill held by the 11th Corps and on the right — centre held by the 2nd Corps. The artillery in front of the enemy's fire replied vigorously, and for two hours the roar and thunder and flame and smoke of artillery, and the screech of shells, so completely filled the heavens that all else seemed forgotten. One form, however, with mind intent on high pur- poses, stood on an eminence leaning slightly forward, and with eagle eye pierced the veil of smoke, and saw and felt and knew that an hour more terrible by far than the present was coming rapidly — was even present. It was evident the wily commander of the rebel forces had determined on some desperate charge, but when and in what manner it would be made was unknown to the man who stood calmly, yet with deep solicitude, regard- ing every pulsation of the battle. On the left, through the woods, black masses were seen moving — larger, more frequent and nearer. Skirmishing in that part of the field becomes sharper. General Sickles is ordered forward to develop the enemy's intentions. The black columns come out of the wood and suddenly the thunder of artillery ceased, and, with cheers and yells, the roar of musketry and flash of bayonet, full 50,000 men from Longstreet's and Hill's corps, came rushing against our lines. The Third Corps stood firm for awhile, but afterward gave way beneath the weight of the attacking column ; and on they came ten-fold more furious than before. Sickles fell severely wounded in the leg, and his corps was literally cut to pieces. The Second Corps was thrown in the breach from the right and the fifth from the left. The second suffered fearfully. Hancock received a pain- ful flesh wound in the thigh, but refused to be led from the field while the engagement continued. Here, too, General Gibbon was wounded in the shoulder. The terrible charge and fierce battle raged with unabated fury. The Fifth Corps, including the regulars and the Pennsylvania reserves, struggled in the herculean labour with the determination of men born to conquer in battle. The aid of the 12th Corps, from the extreme right, was called for, and a division was ordered up, and about the same time Sedgwick came up with the 6th Corps, after a march of thirty consecutive hours. The men were footsore, many without shoes on their feet, hungry and weary, ready to drop on the road from ex- haustion. When, however, the situation flashed into the minds of these weary soldiers, the fire and zeal for which this corps is so justly celebrated, was kindled anew in their hearts. They awaited but the order, and that impatiently, to be led against the enemy. The order was given, and, like men fresh from camp, they went down upon the haughty foe like an avalanche. The rebel column staggered and reeled, and then fell back in confusion, leaving their dead lying against and across each other in this field of slaughter. The sun went down. Suddenly as the western hills eclipsed his rays the bottle carnage ceased on the left. Equally sudden a fierce charge dashed against the weakened lines of the right wing. The suddenness of the attack and the weight of Ewell's column gave some advantage to the enemy. Reinforcements, however, were promptly up, and the enemy checked in his ad- vance. The rebel general was determined to break through the right and gain control of the valley roads. The failure to turn the left, and the snatching the victory from their clutches, hurling their broken columns back defeated and confused on the left, made their case more desperate, and the attack on Slocum was furious even to madness. The 1st and 6th Corps came up promptly to the support of the 13th Corps. From dark until half-past nine o'clock the battle raged with unabated fury. The lines moved to and fro, each in turn advancing and fall- ing back. At this hour of the night the enemy made his final charge on the left of the right wing, held by General Geary's division. He was repulsed with terrible slaughter, and refused to renew the attack. At ten o'clock the battle ceased, and during the night all was quiet. Ewell had been largely reinforced, and. held a posi- tion of some advantage. General Meade determined that he should be dislodged from the place, and, as a matter of personal honour, assigned the task to General Slocum, who bad previously occupied he same position, but was compelled to abandon it because of the re- inforcements sent to the support of the left wing, overwhelmed by Longstreet's and A. P. Hill's Divisions. General Slocum accordingly made preparations for the work assigned. His own corps was in strong position, and determined to regain the ground lost the night before. A Division from the Sixth Corps was posted on the right of the Twelfth, thus forming the extreme outpost of the right wing. The Fifth Corps was sent over as a reserve, and General Wadsworth's Division of the First Corps took position to strengthen Howard's right where it joined Slocum's left. These were the preliminaries. The men well knew what sort of work they would be called upon to do in the morning, and nerved their hearts and cheered each other against the hour of trial by fire. On Friday morning, at 4 o'clock, Slocum's line opened a terrible fire on Ewell's men. The enemy responded in a moat furious charge, for which mode of flghting they are justly celebrated. The fighting on Thursday on the left, where Longstreet and Hill fought with most terrible desperation for three hours, and the subsequent battle on the same night by Ewell, were regarded by the oldest officers in the army ns the most obstinate and deadly contest of the war. Officers and men lay dead in fearful numbers. But the enemy's charge in response to Slocum's opening fire seemed ten times more furious. With fiendish yell and mad contempt of death during six full hours, they hurled their solid masses against the well-defended lines. The National troops stood like a wall of fire, whose flaming tongues enwrapped in death whatever came near, whose foundation were firm as if one with the primal rock on which it rested. Nothing during the war has equalled this six hours of carnage. In front of Geary's position were more Rebel dead than the number of the entire list of casualties in the 12th corps. The dead were lying literally in heaps, mingled in all manner of degrees, from a clean shot through the head to bodies torn to pieces by exploding shells. At 10 o'clock Slocum had repulsed and driven back the enemy at every point, and re-occupied his original position. The battle ceased at 11 o'clock, and there was a pause like to the stillness of death, which rested for three hours on the living and dead. No matter how long pressed by the enemy the Union troops felt, even in the front rifle pits, that the Com- manding-General was conversant with their situation, and would not suffer them to be overwhelmed. The officers would say to the men, and the men to each other, "Meade will send you help — just hold on a little longer." Nor were they disappointed. The General in com- mand was possessed with a degree of calm deliberation truly wonderful, and seemed intuitively to know what was necessary to be done, and to be endowed with a superior genius in the distribution and handling of his forces. At 3 o'clock on Friday afternoon Lee opened a line of artillery fire from about one hundred guns, concentrated against Cemetery Hill and the position along the centre held by the Second and a part of the First Corps. The firing was responded to by all the batteries on the hill, and then ensued three hours of cannonading unsurpassed in incessant fierceness by any artillery battle on this continent. The sight and sound were awfully sublime. The hills trembled beneath the percussion. The sound filled the heavens, and nature as it were, stood still to contemplate the scene. Horses were shot down by scores, gun-carriages were demolished, pieces dismounted, caissons exploded, whole batteries were swept away, and cannoniers and officers killed and wounded in numbers almost incredlble. No less than fifteen caissons were exploded on the heights, and two regular batteries on the right of the Cemetery were completely demolished. Much of the enemy's firing was wild, and scattered near and far over the field. General Meade's head- quarters were forced to take refuge behind the rocks near General Slocum's headquarters. The noncombatants were especially alarmed, but the fighting members thought it a good joke to see their associates flee the wrath to come, pent up in rebel shells. General Howard's headquarters were in the Ceme- tery, and were raked in a fearful manner ; men fell all round him, but himself and staff escaped. The silent abode of the dead was made the theatre of deadly conflict. Tombstones and beautiful monuments were demolished ; great holes were torn in the earth by the explosion of shells, and the surface checkered with furrows. The artillery fire continued till four o'clock, when the solid columns of rebel infantry were again seen moving in the wood in front of the centre, held by the 1st and 2nd corps. During the fierce cannonading the men and officers were ordered to shelter themselves behind the hills and rocks. When, however, the rebel infantry was seen in the woods, several officers came to General Doubleday, volunteering to carry messages to Meade and ask that the centre be strengthened. Doubleday replied to the officers that they might trust to General Meade ; that he would keep his eye on movements of the enemy and have his forces ready to meet his attacks. Out they came, and rushed rapidly over the fields in solid mass, but evidently with less fury than before. The head of the column was directed against a posi- tion held by General Webb, commanding 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, 2nd Corps. His troops were old, and steadily and bravely withstood the charge. The steady fire of the National troops staggered the enemy, and the rebel General Armistead, who led the oharge, wishing to steady his column, halted it for a moment at a fence. General Webb seeing this, called out to his brigade " Charge ! the enemy is ours." And true enough he was. The commanding General Armistead and 3500 men were captured by the closing in of the Second Corps on the right and the First on the left. The enemy was driven back over the fields with great slaughter. The enemy then withdrew from the field, and the battle ended. During the battles of Friday General Hancock, though severely wounded, lay under a tree and gave orders, fighting until the battle was ended. On Friday night, the cavalry, which during the several days of battle had rendered valuable service and kept the rebel cavalry close within the infantry lines reported the enemy retreating on the Cashtown road. Large cavalry forces were sent out to watch his movements. Early on Saturday morning General Slocum was ordered to make a reconnaisance beyond Gettysburg, in order to feel the enemy's position. He was found in- trenching himself in front of the Gap. This was sup- posed to be a feint, and also a defence to cover his retreat. In the morning, also, a brigade from Steinwehr's Division, 11th Corps, occupied Gettysburg, driving out the rebel sharpshooters. The streets were barricaded and the place put in defensive condition. General Lee sent a message under flag of truce, to the effect that if the National troops were not withdrawn from the town it would be shelled. General Meade replied that be would dis- pose his troops as best suited his purpose ; of course, the troops were not withdrawn, nor was the town shelled. The rebel army is hedged in, and will hardly escape with an organisation. The slaughter on both sides has been terrible. 15,000 will scarcely cover the casualties in killed and wounded in the National army. The Rebels must have suffered a loss of 25,000 in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Rebel prisoners report Longstreet a prisoner. General Gibbons announced to his troops that they had captured Longstreet ; and a member of Kilpatrick's staff says he saw Longstreet a prisoner, mortally wounded, lying in a barn. One of your correspondents the same day saw the dead body of a Major-General in the Rebel uniform in the barn alluded. Ewell is reported wounded. General Berksdale is dead, and buried in our lines. The citizens of Gettysburg affirm that Lee is certainly wounded. General Barlow, who was wounded and taken prisoner, is in Gettysburg, not paroled ; the enemy was pressed for time. General Schimmelfenning was not prisoner, but dis- guised as a private, he lay concealed in the town two days. No movements were made on Saturday, save by the cavalry and the reconnaisance by Slocum. The enemy abandoned the field with his dead and wounded in the hands of the victors. The victory is complete. Meade is master of the position. No matter what Lee may de- sign, General Meade's head is always clear and his heart earnest in the cause. Officers and men are in good spirits. The only thing talked of is the capture or destruction of Lee's entire army. General Meade has greatly distinguished himself in the masterly management of this most terrible of battles. The army of the Potomac was fought as an army, and has won a victory with fruits commensurate with its labours. All things are in readiness, and Meade and his army are always in a condition to fight, and because of rain will not retreat, but rather advance. With the swell- ing Potomac in his front, Couch and French on his flanks, and Meade's victorious army in his rear, Lee has the alternative of having his army totally annihilated, or of surrendering to the National forces. Meade will give him but little time to deliberate. 