PUNCH'S NEW STAFF. Mcllxw-ne Fundi, in his last letter to the Gully Times, after gibbeting Mr B. C. Aspinall, the reputed editoT, as one ot the "Men of the Time " who are a precious set of rascals, adds—" In conclusion, it is only due to the propietary of your comic contemporary, as well as to the contributors, to say that the rumor that Mr Aspinall is in any way connected with that ournal has been maliciously circulated to injure the periodical, and is wholly, utterly and entirely without foundation. At all events, if ever he bad anything to do with that improving publication," I have it on the best authority that the proprietor bas—to descend to a vulgarismgiven him the " sack," and paid him off accordins to his worth. Be may seek to gain a place on your own talented and incorruptible staff. It so, you are fore-warned. As, however, the Herald, in its summary for all parts of the known world, has erroneously given the names of him and one or two other writers as connected with Fundi, I am bound to furnish your readers with correct information. The contributors mentioned in your contemporary have nothing to do with that periodical, but are all, strangely enough, just freshly connected with the Clai^um times and Wa&y; Messenger, and the alleged new proprietor of Punch, I may say, <it ixissani, is, in feet, the present owner of the Temperance Times, As regards Punch's staff under the new management, 1 may speak unhesitatingly, as I am wholly unconnected with it myself." It is as yet imperfect, but promises well. For poetry, epigram, and so forth, Messrs. Lockhart Morton, and Andrew Murray have been retained, regardless of expense. The theatrical criticisms have been entrusted to the Honorable 3. P. Fawkner, who, as the Upper House rarelv sits late, does not know how better to employ his literaiy leisure. Ecclesiastical topics are, at present, under tbe joint superintendence of Dr Milton and Mr Coker, of the Bull and Mouth; severely cutting up articles by Professor Halford. The Bishops and Judges are understood to supply the sarcasms on each «ther; and the conundrums are knocked off in flighty moments by Hugh Glass, and put into shape at spare intervals by Ambrose Kyte. Brodribb and Heales do the sporting, and, in case Ireland's Bill, in its original shape, should ' lass, who do yon think is to be the registered !Editor?- Cathie! BETTEE SOT BET.—Really this is going "to be a terribly despotic country. We are bonnd, it would seem, to run to extremes in one direction or the other. We have "done" democracy until we have members of Parliament figuring as rejected candidates for city-rate collectorships, and now we are on the high road to a state of tyrannv which might win an approving smile Irom the ghost of the elder Dionystus. The Attorney-General is to be the autocrat of the new System. Hot content with his tentative onslaught on the press, Mr Ireland, in a sudden fit of legislative morality, has ridden cap-a-jne into tb e midst of the sporting gentry. People inclined to "back their opinions" must hence forth be careful what opinions they back. On the issue of a parliamentary election must no wagers be laid—no, not even to the extent of "nobblers" or '•glasses round." Let those inclined to doubt this feet peruse the following clause, extracted from the Electoral Art Amendment Bill, now nearly law:—" CXSVIL Any person who shall mate any wager or bet, or other risk of any nature whatsoever, upon the result of a;iy election for members of the Council or Assembly, shall forfeit Mid pay a penalty not cxceedingftwen'ty pounds." There ? will that satisfy Mr Heales, that notwithstanding the gift of £240 for a, Queen's Plate, the Government are not disposed to encourage garublicg?—Melbourne Punch. The Commission of the General Assembly of die- Presbyterian Church in Victoria has been silting in Melbourne during the past three or fonrdays. Atthe session on Thursday tbe appointmentofa committee was agreedta, who should endeavour t» raise a sum of L6000, wluch should be set apart as an endowment for a Pro feasor of Divinity in connection with the Church. It was agreed to adopt a law similar in its character t» the Barrier Act of the Established Church nf Scotland. The oilier matters disposed of were of minor importance. ; Mr Smart, tbe new Treasurer, has bten reelected for the Glebe, Sydney. ' . Cattle of prime quality are selling m Sew South Wales at M per head. . Mr Hampshire, a Weslejan missionary, has been Admitted as an ordained missionary of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, qualified to administer theordinaaces of. baptism and mar- ^Afire broke out in the Queen steamer, Mng atthe Wharf, Melbourne, oft 33iursday, which was suVduedin about two bouts. Tbe damage done is estimated at 13,000. A man named, J. J. JPhlllips, 43 years of aj». bus died at Broadmcadows from bong poisoned by«tiug four castor oil nuts, which he obtained intiie garden of the Inverness Hotel, where be ' Cifpirs are BOW being extensively manufactured in Melbourne, by Mr Bolitz, <rf Jtonrfate etreet, and Witttoweki Brothers iff Elizabeth street ADV. In reading tho interesting, although deeply harrowing, narrative ol the travels and trials of those noble tot unfortunate .explorers, Messrs Burke and Wills, we could not avoid feeling grieved that the Committee, upon whom devolved the responsible duty of provVUiig the necessary outfit for these poor eafierere, had anforfcunat-ely omitted to famish them -with a sufficient supply of Bow's Embrocation, or Farmers' friend, a fact clearly betoteaed by tbe sad mortality amongst their horses camels. 