THE VOLUNTEERS FOR NEW ZEALAND. Yesterday, shortly before noon, the Volunteer Corps,unde'rtbecbargeofCapt. Lysaght, paraded in front of the Metropolitan Hotel, to form a guard of honor on the occasion of the departure of Cap tain Skene for New Zealand, in charge of the re maining batch of volunteers enlisted here for service in Auckland. Headed fey the band, the corps accompanied Captain Skene and nineteen volunteers to the Railway Station. As a proof of the respect and esteem in which Captain Skene : was held as a Bendigo citizen, it is worthy of re- j mark that some two or three hundred of bis fellow townsmen accompanied the guard of honor (com posed of his comrades in the Bendigo corps), and escorted him to the station. At the station the already large crowd was considerably increased by fresh arrivals anxious to say good-bye to an old acquaintance. The departure of the train was accompanied by three cheers, that made the j veranuahed station ring again, and was heard at some considerable distance off, and it did not in any way detract from the gallantry of tbe volun teers which the train carried away, nor from the manhood of some of their friends left behind, that handkerchiefs were in requisition to clear their eyes for a parting look. PKOPOSKD STASDABD FOB GOLD WEIGHTS. Within the last few days the police department : here has received instructions from the Commis- I sionerof Trade and Customs, Melbourne, to inspect! and test the weights and scales in use by the gold- , buyers in Sandhurst, for the purpose of obtaining j information necessary in order to bring in an Act ? for establishing a standard for troy weight used j in gold purchases, as at present there is no standard in existence in this colony On Tuesday I Sergeant Eunis obtained the weights and scales ? from all the goldbuyers and banks in Sandhurst, j and, from what we near, there was almost a per- ! fed accuracy in them all, when tested by a correct set of scales and weights, which was used for that purpose. LYCEUM THEATEE.-The ghostly reputation which the mysterious exhibitions at the Lyceum Theatre have attained since the first night of the performances appears to be still on the increase, the audience last night being much more numer ous than on the two preceding evenings. The optical delusion is now of a much more perfect character, and last night, by the clever introduc tion of a ghostly drinking bout by the mysterious ?visitor and the inmate of the haunted chamber i (Mr. Cox), the illusion was complete. In previous notices of the performances, we omitted to men tion that the direction of the spirits is in the hands of Mr. Merlin, of Melbourne, who prefaces the appearance of the gho-ts by a brief lecture on spiritualism. The performances of the wizard, Professor Schiller, which precede and follow the appearance of tbe ghost, have also considerably improved since his first night at the theatre. Altogether, the entertainments at the Lyceum are of such a novel and peculiar character, that a visit from the curiously disposed portion of the com . rnunity will be well repaid, and we would recom mend them to do so before the final disappearance of the ghost. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTION.—We hear there is a probability of Mr. George Lansell, of View Point, becoming a candidate for the vacant seat in the Council, in accordance with the request of a large number of the ratepayers. Mr. Henry Lee, of the Back Creek, and late the President of the Liberal Association, has also consented, we hear, to stand the test of a municipal election. ABT U.NIOK.-We see by advertisement that the distribution of prizes, presented by Messrs. Joseph and Co. on behalf of the building fund of the .Mechanics' Institute, ha? been postponed until the 24th inst. We understand that very few tickets remain on hand, and that the affair is likely to be a great success, and contribute a good amount towards the erection of a new building. THE VOLUNTEERS.-At a committee meeting of the rifle corps, held last evening, it was agreed that the return rifle match with the Williamstown andSandridge Naval Brigade would take place on Thursday, 24th inst., at the Sandridge Butts. The distances will be 200, 500, and 600 yards, seven shots at each. The following are the names from which fifteen will be selected to represent " our own-Sergeants Ely, Anderson, and Mar tin ; Members Macartney, C. Ely, Davidson, Chappie, Ward, Walters, Moran, Scott, Hodges, Tuck, Joseph, Rea, Early, Caldwell, Taylor, and Anderson (Eaglehawk.) The question of the new enrolment was mooted, and a resolution was passed to the effect that Captain Lysaght be re quested to call an early meeting of members for tne purpose of explaining the "regulations," and receiving the name* of those willing to enrol »gain* . ? 