BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAILT PROGRESSION, onII RIGHTS, AND O0R RESOURCES. SANDHURST. MONDAY, SEPT. M, 1863 THE NEW LOVE AND THE OLD. VICTORIA is threatened with two revolutions one political and the other' intellectual. Sir Charles Darling is to effect the first, Mr. Charles Kean the second. The Thunderer of Printing House Square has hurled his bolt against democracy, and the "blatant beast" is to be cast down and overwhelmed by the good knight Sir Charles. His mission is to interpose his giant form between Her Majesty's rule and the bogie of absentee Victorians - universal suffrage. Hark ! the cry is Astnr, and lo ! the ranks divide. Who shall withstand the dragon slayer ? But the gallant knight has other work to do. He must only keep the company prescribed for himby cchoof the A tgus, which feeblyreiterates, in Collins-street, Melbourne, the distant roar of the real lion in London, adding this imperti nence, all its own, that, the Governorship of a great and prosperous colony is as nothing com pared with the Presidency of the Melbourne Club. The late Governor lowered his social position by taking the chair at charitable meetings ; by going about doing much general good ; by sup porting all things manly, honorable and benefi cial to the community ; by, in a ward, identify ing himself with the people he was amongst as their Governor. Heavy sins are there on the soul of Sir Henry Barkly, sins which he is doubtless repenting ere now in sackcloth and ashes. Hi3 successor is to do none of these things under pain of the heavy displeasure of the Aigiis. If our late Governor cared for small spiteful lecturing such as that which has been muddily dribbling once again from the Collins-street fountain, he would long ere this have been, deservedly disliked, as he is still deservedly popular. We venture to assert, with all due respect for Sir Charles Darling, that the. name of his predecessor ?will be held in grateful remembrance by the people of Victoria, when his sons' sons shall have grown up to manhood, and the exercise of their duties in life-nay, as long as Constitutional Government in this colony obtains, for which may be predicted an almost indefinite future. There is not one public in stitution of worth in Victoria which has not been materially benefitted by the Christian gentleman whom we have just lost- not a charity, not a good public movement which he has not fostered and encouraged. Nor will his graceful hospitalities be readily forgotten, dis pensed as they were frequently, kiudly, and unostentatiously. A due recognition of the deep interest he ever took in the welfare of the inland district?, and more particularly of the goldfields, was made at the Ballarat Banquet but a short time since. Doubtless, had cir cumstances permitted of a longer stay, other goldiields towns would hare displayed their respect and esteem after a similar fashion. The promptitude of Sir Henry Barkly's atten tion to all public business, and his almost royal punctuality on all public occasions when his presence was invited-his admirable' despatches and unceasing conscientious attention to the .wants and wishes of the colonists, all stamped him .as a Governor whose departure wonld be a national: loss,*-and as a man'worthy of unmixed admiration. These remarks are not written with'the slightest idea of disparaging his successor. Sir Charles Darling, if he be the man we think he ought to be, will neither be dictated to by the Times nor patronised by the Argus. The speeches made . at the. great dinner, which was given to him in 'London may have created false impressions of the country, which he was soon about to govern. The Times article, about which ? so muck' unnecessary fuss has . beei) made, an! article both illogical,' and ignorant, as regardless of., facts aa of true reasoning, may have confirmed the wrong impressions but lit would be imposible for a sensible man to read the narrow minded snobbisms of the Argus without a feeling of disgust almost amounting to an immediate desire to fling way the cracked spec tacles which presented such' a distorted picture. Sir Charles Darling need not step a hundred yards away from his own .door without,:'if he keeps ' his eyes open, observing that de mocracy has done much;,' for 'Victoria. Very brief inquiries will lead him to know, that although a wide suffrage and the ballot have introduced'a few black'sheep' into Parliament, that the, so-called conservatives--another name for concentrated self-seekers- have exercised a double brake- power;upon the progress . of the; colony. But for the Woods, the bellows, the, O'Shanassys, the Johnstons, the Mollisons, and certain old women in the ladies' chamber, there! would, instead of a population- of little more than liaif a million,have been two or three; millions of thriving colonists, We should be now large producers of tobacco, silk, wine, and ex porters instead of importers of cercal produce. The liboral element has wrung the concessions which havo been made, but trickery of evcry kincl has for tho time being deferred tho settle ment of the. country upon such a basis as would ensure a comparative wilderness being turned into a trim and fruitful garden. Sir Charles Darling Trill do Troll to follow in the steps of his predecessor, not slavishly but intel ligently. But lest this recommendation should savor of impertinent dictation, wo would ask him to pay an early visit to tho chief producing districts of the colony. Let him witness the industry of the farmers, the energy of the miners, and last, not least, the establishments of those who have invested their capital in manufactures. He will everywhere find a busy and orderly people-alive for the most part to the latest teachings of science, not too proud to learn however humble may be the source of instruction-careful of their own, and not par ticularly covetous as regards their neigh bor's goods; in fine as fair a sample of British colonists as can be found elsewhere. He will , too, if he make himself acquainted with the democracy so vigorously denounced by the Times lind them not half so black as they have been painted, but in tho main honest, sensible men, of a fair standard intelligence and educa tion, most of them far superior to those who affect to treat them with contempt. "We have so extended our remarks upon the political and social revolution of -which Sir Charles Darling is fondly supposed to be the mis sionary, that we must necessarily be brief upon Mr.' Charles Kcan. That accomplished actor, and profound Shaksperian, to judge from_spme_of r_p_"riiI«st-DB-Tmner"Tne impres sion that we are a barbarous race, disposed it is ti;ue like the Germans in the days of Tacitus to accept onine. iynotum pro magnifico, but as a people to be instructed, tamed, and civilized. Mr. Kean will assuredly find out his mistake. The country which has flocked to hear Brooke, and -which tires not of Sullivan, -which supports good acting as no community of twice the population over did, is scarcely so ill-taught as the home newspapers -would have Mr. Kean to believe. "Wo are almost inclined to think that fully half the misappre hensions the English people labor under, as regards Victoria, have their origin in the stupidity and clumsy nabobishness of those persons -who have never yet siicceeded in flatter ing even themselves into the beb'ef that they represent either the manners or the intellect of the colony which made them, and without regular supplies from -which they -would sink into utter insignificance. MuNicirAL ELECTION.-We understand that a requisition has been presented to Mr. John Paxton,. of the Railway Hotel, Dowling-street, soliciting him to stand for the vacant seat in the Council, and that he has consented to be nominated. In a few days, he intimated to his friends, his address would appear, and that he would give his opinions to the ratepayers on the past and present position of the municipality. OLD' MAC'S' Hint,.-It is in Scott and Co.'s claim, adjoining Tuff and Joseph's, that the rich quartz has been struck, and not in the claim north of Scott and Co, as it appears to read in the min ing intelligence in Saturday's paper.. THE COURT OF MIXES will be held on Tuesday, loth September (to-morrow). The following is the cause list:-James and others v. Dawborn and others, set down for farther directions ; Casey and others v. "Wilkie and others, Eaglehawk Steam Puddling Co, consideration of received re port. THE BACK CREEK CRICKET GROUND."- The acre of ground which was ploughed, harrowed and rolled, and thickly sown with rye-grass seed, is looking remarkably well, considering the short ness of time since the seed was spread. The grass is coming up strong, and with favorable weather for a couple of months there will be a thick green carpet. The ground is a little uneven, but rolled two or three times and bush harrowed, it will be smooth enough. CRICKET.-The Kangaroo Flat and Robinson Crusoe cricketers had a pleasant little game on Saturday, and at nieht held a meeting at the In ternational Hotel, for the purpose of reviving the club and getting it into working trim for the en suing season, which will probably be a stirring one for crickoters. BENDIGO BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.-The Superin tendent- acknowledges the receipt of a quantity of childrens'aprons and mufflers per Miss Mont- . gomery; as also the free admission of the children inmates of the establishment to Professor Re&'s day entertainment on Saturday last. PBNNT SAVINGS' BANK.-Saturday, 12th Septem ber, 1863: Receipts, £3 03 Id; Repayments ,£2 Gi. 8d. AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION.-The next.show of the Association will be held on the 15th Octo ber next, and not the 25th, as by a clerical error" it was reported in a paragraph in the ADVERTISER of Saturday. POLICE COURTS.-At the Municipal Police Court on Saturday-Dr. Barnett, J.P., on the Bench two cases of drunkenness were disposed of, and a case of damaging property, at the Back Creek, which was remanded to Wednesday. LYCEUM THEATRE.-WP see that to-night the. celebrated Polytechnic Ghost will make its first mysterious appearance at the Lyceum Theatre. The piece selected for the. debut of the spirit is" not of a terrifying character, being the comical, and, of , course, spiritual, , little sketch called Twenty Minutes with the Ghosts," so success fully produced at the Melbourne Theatre "Royal. The great Wizard from the Polytechnic will also give his- entertainment, which we-have heard is equal to anything of the kind ever introduced ih this colony. ! H. M. GAOL, SANDHURST.-The weekly state of I H. M. Gaol,, Sandhurst, on the 11th September, was as follows: Total confined, 51 males, 10 females-classified as follows : For trial, 12 males; fine, 3 males, 1 female ; re-examination, 2 males, 1 female ; hard labor, 27 males, 6 females; im prisonment; 5 males, 4 females; want of bail, 1 males; debt, 1 male. Received during the week, 16 males, 3 females. ; Discharged during the week, 19 males,' and 1 female. , BENDIGO :HOSPIT AX.-Report ";for the' week | ending 13th September:-Patients , in , Hospital, September 6th, 63 ; admitted since, 8-71. Re commended by subscribers, 5 ; . accidents, 2 ; destitute, 1-8. Patients discharged, cured, and relieved, 8 ; transferred to the Benevolent Asy lum, 0 ; died, 1; : in'Hospital, 13th September, 62;" total, 71.' Out-patients :-Ninety persons have received medical and surgical aid and medi cines, as out-patients during the week. ,P. Hi MacGillivray, resident' surgeon. ? BOSTON'S CiRcus.-^Our old friend Burton, we observe, purposes spending a week on Bendigo ! A reference to our advertising columns will show where the "troupe" are to appear during the: time. Epsom has the honor of being>the first to welcome " the horse riders " MINING SURVEYORS' AND REGISTRARS' DISTRICTS. -It is hereby notified that the gentlemen under-' mentioned will act as Alining Registrars and; Mining Surveyors respectively within the'limits' severally hereinafter described, viz.:- MivHenry Boyns Nicholas, for that portion of the Waran^a1 division of the Sandhurst mining district north of a line described as follows, namely, commencing! at that point where the surveyed line of road; leading; from bandhurst to Murchiaon crosses the Corinella Creek, thence due east to" the river Goulburn. Mr. Blayney W. Walslie, for the re-: mainmg portion of the Waranga division of the i mining district of Sandhurst, and for the Heath-i cote division of the same district*-Oazeite, llth - September/ ? - 