SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 186?. In the Legislativo Council yesterday, Mr. HERVEY; gai o notice that, on Tuesday, ho would move the appointment of a select committee to prepare an address to His Ex- cellency, provions to his doparture from the colony. The House went into committee on the Tolunteer Corps Bill, the variouB clauses of which were agreed to, after some discussion. The Real Property Act (Removal of Doubts) Bill was received lrom the Assombly, and passed through all its stages. The Council then adjourned till Tuesday next. In the Legislativo Assembly yesterday, Mr. M'Co-iiOCH gave notice that, on Mon- day, he would move the appointment of a select committee to prepare an address to Hia Excellency, on his departure from the colony. The House then went into committee on the Municipalities Acts Amendment Bill, when a number of new clauses wore agreed to, and the bill reported, ra committed, and again reported. The Council'« amendment of the Mercan- tile Law Amendment Bill was disagreed with. The House'went into committee on the Naval and Military Forces Bill. The blank in the 1st clause was filled up with the words "one thousand;" the 13th and Mth clauses were postponed, for further consideration by the law officer«, and the bill reported. ? The HoQ6etn.ext went into Committee of Supply, when a jjumber of votes on the Addi- tional Estimittcs for 18G3 were agreed to. Progress having been reported, The House adjourned. This colony, undoubtedly, is largely interested in the prosperity of the Riverine district. It did not require the report of a select committee of the Legislative Assembly, in the session of 1862-3, to assure U8 of that fact. Some- thing luce a glimmering of the truth must have presented itself to those who originally devised our railways and planned the 'courses they should take. It was not without some reason that Echuca was preferred to Swan hill, as the northern terminus of the Murray River line; and wo cannot suppose that any other cause dictated the selection than a foresight of the future of the plains. Nor has tho sagacity of the projectors of tho Vic- torian lines been at fault. Steadily has population and capital poured north- wards across the Murray. The salt-bush plains have been successfully invaded. Vast tracts of country, not many years ago supposed to be worthless for any pur- pose, have been improved by wella and artificial waterholes into fair sheep bearing land, until tho mountain ranges north of the Warrego have been reached, and we are assured that sheep are now depastured within two hundred miles of the waters of Carpentaria, in a country mythical not very many months ago. What Mr. LOADER'S committee have to tell us, therefore, on the authority of the witnesses examined by them, does not surprise by its novelty, though it grati- fies by its confirmation of the hopes and expectations long ago indulged in this colony. Whatever may be the amount of evil influence on the fortune of our railways exercised by the com- parative desertion of some of our gold- fields during the construction of the lines, it is not likely to be in- creased by any corresponding falling off in tho traffic originally expected from the country commanded by tho northern branch of the line. On the contrary, as settlement north of the Murray has proceeded much more rapidly than could have been anticipated a few years ago, we may confidently look forward to an extension of traffic by way of Echuca beyond that originally calculated upon. The tenor of the whole of the ovi denco is assuring on that point ; and scarcely two opinions were found to exist as to the value of Echuca as the river port of the Riverine district. It is admitted that whether the great rivers are merely mapped and snagged, or canalized, the trade of tho Upper Murray on the ono hand, and of the Darling and ita tributaries up to the boundaries of -Queensland on the other, will flow" towards Echuca, as the most convenient point for communication with tho sea, by means of the railway. The overland journey to Sydney ia of such a character as to shut out that city from competing with Melbourne. The slow navigation of the-long-stretch of river from Albury and tho mouth of tho Darling te* Goolwa," would equally condemn the water route, even if a new Adelaide should arise on Lake Alexandrina. It is admitted by all the witnesses that Melbourne' is_ socially and commercially tho capita} '6f Riverina. And this being the case, lyliy, ?we may ask, should we be too demonstra- tive in asserting our position, and too eager to clutch that which must naturally fall into our hands » In constructing a railway to Echuca, we have done, all that wo are called upon at present to do for the benefit of a district that is not allied with us politically, and that dis- claims, by the voice of its chiefs, any intention oí seeking an alliance with us. Wo aro told that the improvement of tho river navigation would make available " at once" an annual traffic-altogether exclusive of that of tbo Upper Murray which would produco .£10,000 per an- num to the revenue of the railways, and that the increase upon that amount annually-if the scheme of canalization propounded by the committee should be carried out in progress of time would be something enormous. We need be under no apprehension, however, of the substantial results of that pro- gress escaping us. We are assured by Mr. LANG that Riverina is anxious to do the work for herself. All she desires is the control of her own funds, for the improvement of h or own lands and rivers. Surely we can but wish Riverina all the success she can desire in a movement she regards as so important to herself, and which must-of necessity benefit us enormously, if wo% only choose to wait ! Whether the pro- gress of the district might not be accele- rated by an influxion of more Victorian blood and capital, is another question. Wo may opine that her union with Vic- toria would be attended with some advantages to her ; but it is not for TIS to force upon the coy young lady a matrimonial alliance which shedisaffects. The committee have cut out work, however, for this colony to do, arid which wo may set about with the certainty pt immediate and remunerative returns. Wo must not expect the assistance of New South Wales in clearing the Upper Murray of bars and snags, but we may suppose that the sister colony would not object to our im- proving the navigation of one of her rivers, upon oui' own border, at our own expense. In the Goulburn, the Ovens, and other Victorian tributaries of the Upper Murray, also, we have water- courses that may be made available for navigation, during many months of the year at least, with profit to the íaüways, advantage to the settlers in the north- eastern division of the colony, and benefit to commerce. The committeo give it as having been placed in evidence befoie them, that the Upper Murray district, including both banks of the Murray, and the mining district watered by the Ovens, could throw into' thö railways an annual traffic of 35,000 tons of goods and produce, which, at 50s. per ton, would produce an annual revenue of £87,500. It is also in evidence that something like a tenth or an eighth part of that amount would suffice to open communication between Echuca and the localities referred to, by way of the rivers named. The calculations* are those of persons who have made the subject their study, who are familiar with the district, and who know what is doing and projected there. Here, therefore, is a task which may with, propriety be urged upon the Government, and which may fairly be set down amongst the most reproductive of public works which any Government could undertake. In this direction, at least, the labours of Mr. LOADER'S -com- mittee have been of a practical character, and their recommendations are not ex- posed to adverse criticism "Works within our own boundary we may set about with a good grace ; while we can afford to wait until Kiverina encourages advances which may lead, if not to an alliance, at least to a closer lelationship thau she is at present disposed to own. There can be no doubt, we presume, that a mutual reaction takes place be- tween à man's character and his occupa- tion. His instincts lead him to the choice of his profession, and the pursuit of his profession more or les3 confirms the tendencies of his instincts. Physi- cally or morally, the influence of the oc- cupation on the individuality meets us at every turn of society. In some form or other the faculties betray the influence of the calling. The Sheffield giinder is ophthalmic, the baker is phthisical; and so on. And so with tho moral de- velopment of the man. Ho is all the same-the creature of his trade. If ALTON LOCKE in fiction is to be accepted as a type, tailois have a tendency to philosophy and Chartism, whilo the story of BUNYAN would show that the natural history of enthusiasm must be asso- ciated with tinkers. It is on some such principle, wo must suppose, that the character of a mining population is moulded. With the singlo exception of sailors, no one will deny that a society could not be founded on a more unstable basis-a more shifting element. Tho census of such a society is a confusion and puzzle to philo- sophic statisticians. The presence of a neighbouring gold-field is fatal to tho harmonious development of the ordinary laws of increase in population No registrar-general can venture upon approximate calculations, and the spirit of financial prophecy is fairly non- plussed. Gold, in fact, has the very reverse of a sedative effect on the con- stitution of the gold-digger. When once the chase after it is bo gun, when once the quarry has been unearthed, there is an end of all xational restraint. Tho excitement may or may not be akin to that which ties the half-distracted wretch to the rouge-ct-noir table, but tho digger is' equally a victim to the tin dish and tho cradle. His very literatura is charac- teristic of his propensities. In the popular shibboleth of the gold-fields " rush" we have the whole history of his habits and idiosyncracics. No other word could have been selected which should be more suggestive of his instincts. At once there is called up at tho sound of it an exact picture of his inner life 'the impetuosity, the fool- hardiness, and nl thë*gre(id. xi Not-that there is much of the trarjt sacra famçsat,tho bottom of his' heart, So »far ft oin there being any- thing miserly in his constitution, he spends his gains with > a freedom akin to that which SAXLUS- predicates of CATILINE. But ho carries spéculation so far that it bears the semblance of a mania. Pro- specting is his 'only virtue, as his country has reason to feel At the time when that virtuo was manifest- ing itself'in eveiy pore among our- selves-at the time when the spirit of restlessness was filling ship-load after ship-load with adventurers for the Middle Island-when tho charms of the gold- fields of Victoria yielded to the boasted attractions' of Otago, we warned the emigrants against the fate of those who allow themselves to be seduced by ' will-o'-the-wisp We had no in- terest in being al.irmists. We did not begrudge them any prospects of good luck they might have detected on the Dunstan or the Shotover. Thoir departure has not influenced the fortune of tho districts they turned their heel on. No doubt,'indeed, it was a pity that our own ground should be deserted, that its riches should be left unexplored, that the bone and muscle of the colony should have been enticed away in the pursuit of a shadow,-for a shadow they must now, if ever, feel it to have been. It re- quires an effort, indeed, to recollect a more signal instance of a wild-goose chase than that exodus turns out to be. We could not have a bettoi illustration of the old saying about going farther and faring worse, than ttíafc which tho various accounts from Otago afford us. Differ- ing in their tone, and possibly in their spirit, the correspondents whoso letters j we publish to day, all agree in de- nouncing the rush to New Zealand as an unexampled failure'. With the exception of ^ogburn, the story of gold-hunting in the Middle Island of late is about as dismal a chapter as can bo found in the liistory of mining enterprise. The Shotover catastrophe will long live in the memory of the profession. Unhappily, the Shotover catastiophe is but a prelude to the tragedy. Day by day, say our despatches, the newspapers aro reporting disaster after disaster. Paragraphs with tho me- lancholy headings, "Snowedin," "Lostin *' the Snow," " Smothered in the Snow," form the staple of their literature. .Men, women, and children, aie perishing from cold, exposure, and want. In one in- stance, there is very good reason to be- lieve that a whole community, numbering five hundred souls, aro swallowed up beyond the reach of human aid. As usual, indeed, tho charitable instincts of the British character have been awakened, and public meetings are being held, sub- scriptions made, and relief parties or- ganised. In the meantime, poverty and destitution are doing their work simul- taneously with the elements. Theory is for work, and the general impres- sion prevails, that Otago has seen its palmiest days. The question is, will tho facts be sufficient to deter new, vic- tims ? Miners, we know, are not given to -argument. It is characteristic of their calling that it fascinates and' in- fatuates, them. The spring is at hand, wi|l - the _ miners of Victoria yield once more to the old lure, and with their eyes opened, be caught again in the old trap 1 The hand writing is on the walL Wo have done our best to interpret it to them ; it is their own fault if they will not read it. If our correspondents' graphic and apparently exact picture of the condition of affairs may bo accepted literally, euch a revolution of the wheel of fortune, such misery, has not been experienced in colonial annals siuce the days of the Port Curtis rush. Alas! for the departed glories of Dune- din. It is worth while taking a connected view of its present history. In the first place, one-third of its population scorns to be paupers, or near it. Five thousand I of the able-bodied members of the com- munity are starving, and can find no employment. A postmaster advertises for a couple of letter-carriers, and a hun- dred applicants are waiting next morning at his door. Two clerks are wanted, and the struggle for preference creates a sen- sation'" in the town. The streets are deserted. The diggings aro worse off; cold, floods, avalanches, are decimating the miners. The escorts aro falling away ; in one week it was only 1,400oz< Such is the picture. We have no wish to exaggerate, and no object in making capital of it. Wo have no doubt that it is in the main well founded j the rush of the miners to the seat of war indicates that hunting down Maories is regarded as more profitable work than a life by the lakes. Wo have told tho story, we have pointed the moral, we leave those whom it may concern to make the ap- plication. A'firm in Creswick, but a few days since included among the causes of its insolvency the " scarcity of labour at " the current rate." If this be correct, and the current rate 'means seven shil- lings a day, where is the excuse for crime, or the plea for emigration 1 We have our files to the following dates : Otago, August 25 ; Auckland, August 17 ; Wellington, August 16 ; Invercargill, August 22 ¡ and Sydney, September 1. Very dis- tressing accounts had been received in Dunedin from tho Lake districts. The fall of snow had been severe, and thero is too much reason to supposo that a very large number of lives have been lost. Apprehensions were en- tertained for the safety of an entire com- munity of COO BOUIS at a remote digging, known as Campbell's Greek. Bodies of miners who had perished on the roads had been dis- covered, and the hospital at Manuhorika con- tained some fourteen or sixteen diggers who had been frostbitten so severely as to lose the use of their limbs. Public meotings had been held ia Dunedin and the Dunstan, and relief parties had been Bent out ; hut it was feared that ia very many instances tbo aid sent would be unable to reach the sufferers, or would reach them too late. At the Hogtmrn diggings, or Mount Ida diggings, as they are now named, a tory daring black faced robbery had been committed. It will bo seen from the news by the present mail, that our repeated warnings of the danger to which the winter would ex- pose the miners in the remoter glens have been too literally realized. One of the most interesting occasions wit- nessed by the general public for a long time, was the meeting last evening at tboe Mechanics' Institute, in Collins street, of the friends and supporters of 'the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution. The hall presented a most un usual appearance. It was densely crammed throughout, and on the platform were ranged the children now in the institution, whose neat dress, and especially quaint manners, excited universal attention. Their utter' quietudo their old-fashioned folding of the hands In prayer, thoir occasional intercommunications by legerdemain and undemonstrative style formed a striking contrast to orJioaty cliil! dren, and they wore eagerly admired. During the evening they were colled upon to, go through sdvoral exercises, answering questions by writing on a black buird, and thereby solving little problems in gtneral knowledge geography, and arithmetic, and many of tho answersweresocorrectandappropriatctliattho audi. nco applauded loudly. Tho business of the meeting, over which Sir Henry Barkly presided, was very simple, nul mainly con 8lstcd of the reading of a report and financial staUmont by the Rev. W. Moss, hon. se- cretary, and Mr. JJaolain, hop. trcis'urcr Tl:e=o were adopted, and new ôfficm being appointed, the prooeodingi closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman, It appeared that there were twenty-six pupils, moie than half of whom were fupported by the institution, and the total inc ima am ounled to about £285. ' Go- vernment had, however, promised £250, and the subscriptions, having pihnbly increased great hopes were entertained. During the evening, high compliments were passed to Mr; Boso, tho Bohoolmastcr, himself a mute, who had been trained at an English institution. After the close of the proceedings, one of tho scholars »refenttd a biautifully worked bead pincushion to Lady Batk'y, a., a token of acknowledgement of kindnesses rendered by that lady in conemion with the school, Thero wai a collection at the door, and such platcfuis of gold and Bilver have not been scon in Mel- bourne for a long time. The members of the volunteer forces are re- quested by a brigade order, which appears in another column, to attend at the Exhihition Building on Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock when the sword subscribed for by the force will be presented to Colonel Pitt. The volun- teers are to attend in uniform and with side arms. We understand that Colonel Ander- son,the colonel- commandant, will take advan- tage of this opportunity to address the men in explanation of the regulations just sub- mitted to Parliament for the future manage- ment of the force. The detachment of the 40th Regiment stationed in Melbourne embarked on board the Queen of the South yesterday, en route for the scene of warfare in New Zealand. It is now nearly eleven years sinces the 40th ar- rived in Victoria. Two hundred men, re- cruits for the Auckland militia, went on board the Caduceus during the day, and the vessel will sail as soon as her complement of four hundred is completed. A complaint has obtained publicity that Colonel Pitt is preserving an unnecessary secrecy in withholding the names of the men enlisted for service In the Auckland militia. Colonel Pitt has requested us to mention that his lists have never been closed to persons wishing to ascertain whether their friends or relatives lhae enlisted ; and further, that he is causing a roll to be prepared of the men embarked for Auckland, which roll he pro- poses to hand over to the proper authorities, for public inspection at the City Police Court. The Ivanhoe Steeplechases t.ike place thÍ3 afternoon, over a course that will give full opportunity for tho spectators to seo the wholo of the running over a lino of good hunting country, the bo-t in tho neighbour- hood of Melbourne. The course for tho Grand Handicap is threo times round a circle offences of all kinds, without any tu-ts to baulk the view, and the ground is both up and down hill. A new graud etand has Been erected purposely for the occasion, from which every leap can be Been. Ivanhoe is only file miles from Melbourne, on tho Heldelbcrg road, and cars will bo running all the after- noon at half- crown fares to tho ground. A parochial tea meeting was held last evening, In St. Mark's school-room, Fitzroy. The toa tables were furnished by ladies of the congregation, and it was estimated that about 350 persons took ten. After tea, a public meeting was held, tho Very Rev. Dean Ma- cartney, vicar-general, occupying the chair. Tho proceedings of tho meeting were com menced by a hymn, joined in by all tho com- pany, and a prayer by the Rev. W. Darr. After an address from tho chairman, the object of the meeting was stated by Mr. Taylor, on behalf of tho churchwardens. This gentleman' said that an extension of the parsonage, and general r> pairs to the portion now elected, had long been regarded as most essential for the comfort of their incumbent. And as there were not sufficient funds in hand applicable to that purpose, and tho unvarying principle of the church had been to keep clear from debt, they had adopted this moans of endeavouring to raise the sum, about £70, required fon the proposed improvements. Dr. Tracy followed with an appeal to tho liberality of the meet- ing preliminary to a collection. In theeourse of the evening, furtheraddressesweredellvered by tho Bev. B. B. Barlow, the incumbmt of tho church ; Rev. T. 0. Cole, and Mr. Ilenry Barlow. Several anfhoms wire sung by the choir of the church, under the superintend- ence of Mr. Brahm, and assisted by the Misses Watson. A general meeting of the members of the East Melbourno Cricket Club was held at Marshall's Cricketers' Hotel, last evening. On Thursday evening, Dr. Eades delivered a second highly-instructive and amusing lec- ture on " Sympathy," at the Benevolent In- stitution, to the inmates of that establish- ment, to the number of 250. Mr, Thomas Dickson occupied the chair on tho occasion, and at the close of the proceedings, after a vote of thanks had been passed to the learned lecturer, anaddress.sigaed by 199 of theinmates of the asylum, wa3 presented to Mr. Dickson, expressing their gratitude for his contiuuous cffoits to do thom good, and espscially for having established the giving a series of valu able lectores, to thom a delightful source of amusement us well as of improvement. The first alternate monthly general meotlng of shareholders of tho Wellington Quartz miniûg Association, Tarrengower, took place on Thursday afternoon, at tho company's office, 60 Queen-street ; the director, Mr, Jafne3 Copeland, in the ohair. The agont of the as- sociation (Mr. Barclay) read the report, which stated that since the election of the board of management, on the 18th Juno Inst, tbo signa- tures of shareholders had beeu affixed to tho instrument of association, in duplicate, and tho document duly lodged in tho Court of Mines. The number of tons crushed since tlio commencement of operations had been Gil, yielding 619oz. 18dwt., or rather over one ounco per ton, valuó £2,342 8s. 9d. .Tho amount of tribute received had been £517 ii. 8d. The expenditure amounted to £22 7s. ¡ leaving a balance of £494 17s. 8d. Tho board recommended tho -appropriation of £50 towards a reservo fund, and the payment of a dividend of £3 10s. per share, equal to seven per cent. , on tho capital of tho association. A yield of 100 ounoeB, or thereabout,' is anticipated from the crushing now in pro- cess. The present ogreement with the tri- butéis expires on the 21st October next, nnd the board Intend calling for fresh tenders for woikingthe minn for a term of three, or four "years, apmaybe vrefeired;,also to augmont ' the present working facilities, by piovlding a Winding and pumping engino, and improving theworliing 'shaft, if necessary. Oh the mo- tion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. Charles Jarman, tho report was adopted ; and the meet- ing dissolvedi ' i A nugget weighing sixty-nine ounces was ohta'nad on Thursday in (he claim of tho Great Extended Company, Ballarat. ' We understand that the 'Rev. Richard Conncboe.olKew, Lal recoived and accepted , a call to become the minuter, of the fir^t Congregational Church In Dunedin/' Now .Zealand, and wiR preach to-morrow, for the last time, in his church at Kew. A final leave-taking of'the reverend gentleman is to take placj' oa Thursday ovening next, the 10th instant, when a largo number of minis, tcrs and members of tho religious body with -which he is connected will be in_ attendance, to bid him faraweU. The Leander Rowing Club fcratch matches take place this afternoon. First race to stait precisely ata quatter to threo o'clock. Course to be from Prince's Bridge to tko'feny. The Rev. William Taylor, from California, .who for the lost two months has been preach- ing in the city and suburbs, is about to deliver a. courte of ltctures in St. Qeorge's-hall, on "Palestine,aud St. Paul and his times." The first lecturo will bo delivered on Monday evening, tho 7th inst;, when the Hon. Alex, Fraser, M.L.O., will preside < At the weekly meeting of the Executive -Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, tho Superintendent made the following return ¡-Number of inmates in the home, as reported Inst week, COB ; admitted chico, 274; persons who have received outdoor relief, 77; total relieved, ?917. Discharged from tho home during the week, 279. Total at presentjremaining, 561; consisting of-children chargeable to tho Government, 392 ; cases chargeable to the society, 109. ' ' ' It will be seen by a referoi.co to another column that the Rev. J. Ballantyne will deliver tho next in his serlos of monthly lectures ,tc-morrow evening, in Erskine Church, Carlton ; the subject of < which will be-"Will future punishment be eternal in its duration ?" '' The boo. general treasurer of tho Horn brook Ragged Schools b°gs to acknowledge the following contributions :-Collection nt public meeting, £160.?. 7d. ; Rov. Dr. Bromby« £2 _j. ; H. B fpor f_\our of The Argus)¡ £1 Is. ; Mrs. Chapel, 2s 6d.. The magistrates sitling on the Kast Colling- wood bench appear to be quito determined to carry out their expressed inioulion of putting down the practice of so exposing goods out- side shops as to give great temptation fo those whose necessities would piompt them to steal. A second lot of offenders in this ?way, viz > MessN. h. M'Caw, W. Ireland, W. Solomon, J' Jenkin«, andW. Kerr, wero yesterday sum- moned to tho Police Court, fined variously 2s. 6d. and o', each, and warned that a repeti- tion of the offence w onld be met by a fine of £10. . The stcimer Lady Daly has succeeded in reaching Wahgunyah, with 150 tons of cargo on board, shipped at Goolwa, to which'-it was forwardid from Melbourne, It was inttnded that the ntoamor should attempt the naviga- tion of the Upper Mmray as far as Albury" but it waa foUnd that f-he Could not pasa ander the bridge ovor the river at Wahgun- yah. A most inteiestirg problem has been solved by the Lady Daly's voyage. Thertsidoat surgeon to,the Lying-íri Hos- pital reports as follows foi mouth coding 31st August, 1868 :-Remaining in hospital at date, 37; admitted in month, áá; out-patients in month, 157; new coses in month, 74. The Ovens Constitution says :-" Eleven thousand sheep, en route from Moreton Bay, have boen stopped nour Chapman's Station, on the Billabong, in consequence of scab having been Baid to havo broken out among them. On a hurried inspection by the neigh- bouring squatters, two only were found to bo infected. These sheep had been passed by all the scab inspectors on the routo, and lastly at Wogga Wagga. A meeting of squattera was to be held at Uranah oa Monday, to consider the case." The near approach of spring has made tho Botanic Gardons Bil alive, and in the beauti- ful weather of yesterday this waB found doubly perceptible. Tho acacias are all in full bloom, and the air is laden with their fra- grance. Indeed such a sight as the crescent leaved wattle of Now South "Wales, near the a\iaiy, is not often seen, for' it is one mass of golden bloom. The specimens of the veiced-pcd acacia of Victoria, and the "West Austmlian wattle, are nearly equally splendid. Among the other forward plants which are heraldiug in the spring, aro an exquisite New Zealand clematis, near tho curator's residence ; a North American 'sngar maple, bursting into little leaf buds of the most brilliant blood-red in tho woild ; a Chinese magnolia, in the same neighbour- hood, and an English bnckthorn bush, which, being rich with honey, is olive with bets. But the birds are the great attraction. They seem fairly mad with joy, and the place reechoes with tluir song. Poiemost among tho vocal performers aro the thrushes, of whom it may now bo said that never did imported birds seem to take so thoroughly to the country and oil mate. They breed everywhere, and the rate of multiplication must be very rapid, for they aro to be seen almost in hundreds flying about. The native and English birds beside thcEo that are now making their head- quarters here are not to bo counted. There are red-tail finches, paroquets, wagtail fly- catchers, greenfinches, honey eaters, king- fishers (of two sorts), magpies, laughing jack- asses, water hens, coots, lowrie parrot*, shell parrots, budgerie gars, native robins, king parrots, toscllos, native thrushes (.CJariocinda harmonica), and a thousand others. In tho aviary tho biids are all feverish with anxiety about their families. The sparrows are laying eggs all about ; the doves and pigeons are making the most magnificent preparations; and the Madagascar quail and curassows are similarly disposed. It is to be regretted that as much is not to ba expected of either black- bird or lark. The adjourned general half-yearly meeting of Ebarekolders in tho Sandy Greek Poverty Beef Mining, Quartz Crushing, and Washing Company was held yesterday afternoon, at I the offices, 21 Queen-street; Mr. Tyson in tho | chair. Tho half-yearly report and balance Ehett weio read and adopted, and Mr.'Lorimer waa recommended for election as one of tho directors. A conversational discussion took | place M to the advisability of making a fur- ther call, wilh a view to oarry out moro com- pletely tho deep sinking recommended by the manager and surveyor, but nothing definite was decided upon. , Tile Dunolly Exprets states that tbo Burvoy of a line of railway between Maryborough and Dunolly has boen commenced. Tho adjourned annual meeting of the Hob son's Bay Sea Bathiog Company was held yes- terday, at Lloyd's RoomB, Collins-street west. The report was adopted, and a dividend of j seven and a half per cent declared. An accident occurred y&tcrday; evening to a mau named Samuel Lucas, while driving a dray along the Sandridge road. ¡ Ho was riding on his dray, when by some means ho fell off, and the wheel passed over his body. i He - was at onco removed to the hospital,' where it was found that, although' he had suffered some serious internal Injuries, no | bones wero broken. ' , ' Wednesday and Thursday next are the" days named for the final matches between tho twenty-two highest 6corors among the candi- dates for selection in the Victorian ton.' 'In' order to place tho town and country competi- tors on an equal footing, no announcement of the ranges at which tho matohes will take place will bo made until the morning of tho | contest. "Twelfth Night," after a successful run of nearly a fortnight, has beon withdrawn, having beon played for the lost time yester: day evening. The " ghost effect " has bedai successful all the week, and additions havo been made, so that the illusion may be seen to perfection. This evening, Mr. Barry Sulll ! van makes his first appearance (in Australia)' | in the character of Sir John Falstaff, in "Henry IV.," or "The Battle of BhrowE [ bury." 