EDINBURGH ETCHINGS. SKETCHES OF PLACES AND PERSONS IN AND ABOUT AULD REEKIE. BY PETER 'POSSUM. COMMON STAIRS. The Englishman who has not travelled on the Co- tinent is astonished when he first visits Edinburgh, the prevalence of the "common stairs" system. The number of "self-contained" houses in Edinburgh is, proportionately, very small. The New Town as well as the Old has its "lands" with two "houses" in every "flat." In streets which at first sight appear sacred to gentility, tabooed from any touch of vulgar trade, you find butchers and bakers, fishmongers, grocers, and publicans, carrying on a quiet business "down the airey," as a Cockney would say. Some of these stairs are clean, well ventilated, and well lighted by windows in the day, and by gas at night. They have a street-door, which is only opened when an ordinal street-door is opened. On the door-posts there are bell-handles, with little plates beneath, on which are engraved the different tenants' names. When a bell is pulled, the servant of the house to which it belongs — however high up the flat may be — is able to open the door without coming down. She pulls a "lift " and the valve appears to swing back to the wall of its own accord. There are other stairs whose doors are only shut at night, and these are not nearly so clean as those I have just described. There are others which have no doors; are "lighted" by windows whose panes are encrusted with the grime of years, and only get ventilated when those panes are cracked, have no gas at night, and are the rendezvous of all the cats in the neighbourhood. These places are great nuisances. The cats are not the only lovers who tryst there. Lenes sub noctem susurri Composita **** hora are heard, and the —— latentis proditor intimo Gratus puellae risus ab angulo. Or rather the risus is not gratus, for you are often compelled to witness as you traverse the entry and mount the steps, most disgusting sights. The stairs I have as yet mentioned are those of tenements occupied by more or less "decent" people. Many of the common stairs of the Cowgate, the Canongate closet, and tbe wynds, are unutterably foul. A few of them in form are just like the corkscrew steps which lead to English bell-lofts. These are the best, for, al- though very little light can get in through the narrow slits in the candle-box turrets round the inside of which the steps wind, a little air enters. Ventilated or unventilated, however, the stairs I refer to are black with dirt. To ascend them is to ask to be garotted. Ragged, fetid, whiskified wretchedness, blatant blasphemy, bullying blackguardism, prurience that a cage of monkies could scarcely equal — those are their contents. One night I was ascending a stair of the third class I have described, when I stumbled over something soft. As soon as I got on my legs, I tried to find out with my foot what the heap consisted of; but not being able to make anything of it, I went up to the rooms of the friend I had come to visit and procured a light. When I went down, I found that it was a drunken man who had tripped me up. He had coolly stretched himself completely across the staircase. I tried to rouse him, but only succeeded in evoking a sleepy, stammering, not very politely- worded reproof for my impertinence in disturbing an honest man he had gone to his bed. This said, the honest man dropped his head again on the step he fancied his pillow, and fell sound asleep once more. This little incident, when my friend and I got up stairs and to our toddy, suggested a talk about Edinburgh's common stairs, and what might be encountered on them. Of course, the "Begbie Tragedy" turned up first. 'Tis nearly "sixty years since" that what was once the town house of the Tweeddale family— in a close nearly opposite the house of John Knox, so pic- turesquely depicted in its un-"restored" state by Dr. Roberts — was the British Linen Company's Banking House. One gloomy Edinburgh November afternoon in 1806, a little girl was sent by her mother to get water from the well which still, on the other side of the way, supplies the inhabitants of Tweeddale- court. It was almost dark, and when the lassie thought that she was only going to step from the common stair into the close, she fell over the body of a dying man. She roused the neighbours, they rushed to the spot, and found that it was William Begbie, one of the bank porters. A knife was in his heart, and before he could utter a word he bled to death. The knife, a sharpened bread- knife, was driven in up to the handle, round which some spongy paper had been wrapped to sop up the out-gushing blood of the victim. A bundle of bank-notes, of the value of nearly £4000, had been stolen from the murdered man. Begbie's mysterious assasssination sent a thrill of horrified wonder through Edinburgh. Every effort was made to discover the murderer, but all were made in vain. Scamp after scamp was apprehended on suspicion, but all save one were easily able to clear themselves, and after a time, circumstances came to light which cleared the excep- tional suspected person. The promise of a reward of £500, and piqued professional pride, stimulated the detectives to unresting activity in their hunt after the assassin ; but all they could certainly learn in reference to him was, that Beggie, on his way to Edinburgh from the branch bank at Leith, had been accompanied, or followed, by "a man" in Leith Walk, and that some children had seen "a man" rush out of Tweeddale-court about the time when the murder was supposed to have been committed, dart across the Canongate, and dive into Leith Wynd, a dark, dirty, densely populated lane, where the "lower order" — if in such a body there can be grada- tions of rank — of Edinburgh's Cyprians chiefly con- gregate. About nine months after the night of the murder three-fourths of the stolen bank-notes were found hidden in a hedge near the city, but who the murderer was has never been proved, although there is strong reason to suppose that it was one Mackoul, a London ruffian, who, at the time, was lodging in a house in New-street, which he could most easily reach from Tweeddale-court via Leith Wynd, and who, in his assumed character of skin-dyer, used to lounge a good deal in the Ship Tavern, at Leith, pre- tending to talk business to master-mariners and mer- chants, and then picking their pockets, or fleecing them at cards. Shortly after the murder, Mackoul, although unsuspected, went abroad. When he re- turned to Scotland be robbed a bank, was detected, tried, sentenced to be hanged, reprieved, and then died in prison. The Bow-street runner who appre- hended him on the charge of bank-robbery believed that he was Begbie's murderer, and whilst he was lying in Edinburgh gaol, carelessly asked him in the course of conversation whether he had not lodged at the bottom of New-street, in November, 1806. Mackoul became greatly excited, and shouted, "No, ——you ! I was then in the East Indies — the West Indies. What do you mean ?" The Bow- street officer had thus been led to believe that Mackoul murdered Begbie : — In Leith the runner had fallen in with a man who, in November, 1806, was a sailor boy on board a vessel trading between Leith and Lisbon. In the afternoon of the day on which Begbie was stabbed, this lad left his ship to take his mother, who lived in the Netherbow, some little smuggled presents from Portugal. As he went up Leith Walk, he noticed before him a tall man carrying a parcel, and a well-dressed man dogging him. The lad fancied that the well-dressed man was a Custom-house officer keeping his eye on a smuggler, as the lad supposed the tall man with the parcel to be. The boy, naturally was fearful lest this supposed officer should direct his attentions to himself, and, therefore, lagged behind. When he reached his mother's house, the young sailor saw the well-dressed man running out of Tweed- dale-court with a parcel under his arm. Still believ- ing him to be a revenue officer, the lad left his present at his mother's, and hurried back to his vessel to avoid being taken into custody. Next morning he heard of the murder, and arrived at the conclusion that the well-dressed man was the murderer. In a few days the boy's vessel sailed, and was captured by a French peivateer, and the boy was thrown into prison, from which when he came out he was a man. His description of the well-dressed man tallied with the appearance of Mackoul. That is one story of a common stair, and here is another. In the gloomily-picturesque Lawnmarket there are 6i.i diy I.oum s used to be b li' vi-d, perl. ape are still believed, tu te l.aunted. A hauu'cl h .u«t in a m»ia thomughfare uppeatf, at first, an anomaly. Haunted lioutts are geLerally di.uchecl hou-ca, otien country 1 1 uses. Ihe idenl etc v- th»t which Hood has d. sciibed with to much poetic power — that eerie place wlere O'rr all there bung tbe shadow of a fear, A sense of niyB'ery tbe ppirit daunud, Anri said us plain us vbispi'r to tbe ear— '? Toe bou&e; is hiuimed 1' Kivir'.litli-sp, a ghost is not a fish out of water in a Lawi niaku 'land.' Glance in the gloaming at one of the small windows in the upper flats of those high, caik, itit'ai.choly th»s of buildings, and you might eas:ly fancy you saw a f»ce not made of flesh, and marked wi'.h the anguish cf immortal sorrow— ablaze with fier.dish rage — or, perchance, more bloodcurd ling fiill, con'oitid with the hoi rid em of a fiend's moikirg mirth. I should not like to live in one of these top flats. I am almost a Sadducee in theory. In dsjlifcht, I snalyse gbost-ttories with ruthlessly scepticle criticism ; I ditpute evidence; I talk learn edly alout optical i\luBionB, mental dilutions, school - biybicks, bile, too much brandy, and indigestion; I fci.ffst the credulity of people who, 'in this en lightened age,' can believe that spirits return from Wade* to tup on cupboi-rd-doors, and rattle crockery. But when I am alone in the darkness a nameless dicad crmrs ovirmf, 6 belief that lam in the pre sence of something which I cannot see, and which, if I ccuid ere, would be sundered by an awful gulf from, my huuitn fjmpathies. Fear comes upun me, and trernlling which makes all my bones to shake. This, hi never, is a very long preface to a very short story. One of the common stairs of the Lawbmarket is, if I mistake not, still believed to be haunted by the spirit of a gentleman who was murdered on the stairs at noon. The ghost, however, only makes itself audible at midnight. Then, step by step, from the bottom to the very top of the house, ascends a slow and solemn foot- fall, and, step by step descends, and the roused sleepers shudder in their beds as it goes by their doors. Some in going up or down have met the ghost, and have almost fainted as the noise became more distinct, and Nothing-to-the- eye passed them with that sub- stantial-sounding and yet merely spiritual tread. 