THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO WILLUNGA.- OPENING OF THE ODDFELLOWS' HALL. His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief paid his first visit to the district of Willunga on Thursday, December 17. having accepted the invitation of the Oddfellows connected with the M.U.,to be Present at the Loral Willunga Lodge, ILU., present opening ofthe Hall recently erected for them. Sir Dominick started from Adelaide shortly alter 8 o'clock in his own open carriage. Jle was accompanied by the Chief Secretary (tbe Hon. U. Avers), the Treasurer (the Hon. J. Hart, M.P.). and Mr. Chief Inspector Hamilton. Major Douglas, Col lector of Customs, followed on horseback. His Excellency had four-in-hand, and drove himself in a most admirable manner. The party reached their destination a tew minutes after noon, about an hour before they were expected. Tbis prevented the inhabitants giving His Excellency f hat demon strative reception which they had contemplated. However the volunteers andafew equestrians mustered together as quickly as possible and met the -rice-regal party just as tbey were entering the township. Triumphal arches were erected at Noarlonga and at the entrance to Willunga: and near the Hall tliere was quite a display of bnn'.i-; - jrided across the road. Sir Diminick and the geutlen. ..jo were with him rested a while at the Baah lon. Meanwhile prepara tions were made to escort him with due ceremony to the new HalL At half-past I o'clock His Exelleucy issued from the hotel, and the procession was formed. The Volunteers, with their bcatiful nag, led the van, and then followed tbe magnificent banner belonging to the South Australian District of the Manchester Unity of O tdfellows. Next came Schroder's band, which was engaged for the occasion, and which played a capital march. His Excellency and suite, and the members of tbe Lodge, completed the train, on either side of which walked a numerous gathering ot gaily dad youths and maidens—boys and girls resident in or near the district. Arrived at the Hall, the Governor mounted the steps leading into it, and there replied to various addresses of welcome aud congratulation. Ur. Thomas Slaktin, Chairman ofthe WiUunga Dis trict Council, having read, presented the following address to His Excellency :— "To His Excellency, Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, Goveroor-in-Chief ot South Australia, and Vice-Admiral of the same. " The District Council of WiHuuga, on behalf of their con stituents, have great pleasure this day iv welcoming your Excellency lor tbe first time to this township. "Although we cannot boast of a rich mineral district where ? wicked wealth is digged up," yet, aa agriculturists, we think we justly claim a considerable quota in the produc tion of those necessaries indispensable to our existence, and, iv consequence therefore to share with our fellow-colonist? in the eologium awarded to South Australia at the * World's great Show,* of producing the finest wheat in the world. ** We wish more particularly at this time to express through Your Excellency our undeviating loyalty to our beloved and Host Gracious Queen, whose virtues we trust maybsimitated by aud handed down to our great nation's posterity by Her Majesty's illustrious fatuity. " Permit us also on this occasion to indicate our appre ciation ofthe great boon, aud free institution, the "District Councds' Act,' assuring Your Excellency that it has worked admirably, and that in its operations it is proved to be weU adapted to meet the requirements ot our colony, it having already been productive of much good to this oar new and free country. "We beg also to convey our high appreciation of Tour Excellency's able qualities, as Her Majesty's Representative in this Province, and trust you may be long spared to continue that government you have so successfully begun. " (Signed on behalf of the District Council and District of WiUauga). "Thomas Hastes, Chairman. ??Willunga, December 17th. lma." His Excellency, after begging tlie assemblage to excuse him wearing bis hat, said—" I thank you sincerely for the cordial welcome you have given me on tbis, the first occasion of my visit to this beautiful district On a former occasion I had actually fixed tbe day to come here, but I was obliged to forego my intention. I had beard much of the beauty ofthe district, but what I have seen to-day con vinces me that what I have been told of it was in no respect exaggerated. Perhaps one sees it under most advantageous circumstances, for the richness of the crops, the excellence of the roads, and the -weather altogether combined to give me a very favorable opportunity of judging of it. I thank you most especially for the expressions of loyalty and allegiance that are contained iv tbe address. It is my good fortune to be placed in a country where, to my great grati fication, I so constantly receive tlicse assurances of attach ment to the Qucn. It has been thus in every part of the colony I have yet visited, and I believe it will continue so to be. You are pledged to express your approbation of my course and conduct iv the administration of my Government. It is exceedingly gratifying to receive this expression of approval from an intelligent portion ofthe community like tltit*. which is near enough to the scene of action to sec how the Government is carried on. You are naturally saiisfied and gratified—and from this I argue yuu show your intelligence—with the working of your municipal institution. It has been ray fate, as a public man aud as a legislator, to witness almost the introduction of these institutions into a British colony far aa ay from this, but in no instance liavc I found them fail iv doing some good. When tlie real interest of the district is at heart when the spirit of jobbing is prohibited—when tbe duties of a District Council are properly carried oat. tlicy cannot fail to work welt f'here would then be no liitficulty about keeping tbem straight. Another advantage of District Councils is that they are the nuse-ies, where many men can prepare themselves for that largersphere of action and useful ness —the Parliament of thecountry. These institutions have been productive cf great good. I believe they wil I continue to be beneficial to the provice. When we consider the ehort existence of the colony—when we look at the state to which it has arrived in point of civilization and propriety; and when we note the success which it has already achieved, it is impossible to say to what extent of greatness it will attain. We have room enough here to usefully employ twenty times the population tliat we have got. and I hope the shortsighted and absurd objection that has been bitberlo raised against immigration will never be beard again. Snrely never is there a couutry where immigration can produce more direct and extensive benefit than here. I don't think we shall ever hear the cry again, so that the subject is hardly worth alluding to. I shall not detain you longer, but again express my thanks to you for the hearty reception you have given me, and say that I hope it will not be the last visit by many that I shall make to your district I shall have great pleasure io acquainting my family with my impression's of the locality, and in inducing them to pay it an early visit. (Loud applause ) At the suggestion of Mr. J. Colton. ML P.. three cheers, long and hearty, were given for His Excellency, tbe Band < striking up immediately afterwards "St Patrick's Day in > tbe Morning." ( Mr. Sacbabo Cbapteb, Secretary of tbe WiUunga Lodge -next stepped forward, with P.O. Hughes, P.G. HarUy.and P.O. Burgess. He read the ioUowiug address from the One i fellows and then delivered it to His Excellency :— "To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, knight, Govcrnor in-Cluefoftbe colony of South Australia, &c.; &c; "The officers and members of the Loyal Willunga Lodne of Oddfellows present themselves before your Excelle-icy wtth the deepest sense of your .condescension and kindness in accepting their invitation to the opening or their Hall. "The happiness and good order of a people are much pro moted by the example which. In social and domestic lire, their rulers show them. The like blessings w? invoke on oar gracious Queen and the royal lamily. we most cordially ? pray will descend on yourself. Lady Daly and family: for i the people you govern see with pleasure the silken cords of love and affection which bind you to each other. "The endearments of home; the kindred ties of hushand and wife, father and child, are lai-gelv promoted by means of our extensive Society, a branch of which is now before yon; by its almost universal instrumentality many of every country and denomination are aided in the painful passages of life, in sickness and bereavement. . "The Cast increasing numbers of our Order here render greater accommodation necessary j to meet this the baild ing, the opening of which we this day inaugurate, lias been erected. Joyfully, then, do we hail your presenoe here on this a-aspidons occasion, feeling that in the bosom of your Excellency beats a heart responsive to tbe sorrows and troubles of humanity. ??Welcome, then! thrice welcome to Wtllanga'. may its circling hills and sunlit slopes recur to yon with pleasure for many a future year ? and may we, your people, have in store a repetition of your visit, which at this moment confers such general and heartfelt satisfaction. "Signed on behalf of the Lodge, " Kichabo Cbaiteb. "Jakes Hocnes. "John Hahdv. "John Allen. "Zacb. Vrn.-c.tAMs." Sib DoMDfiCK replied as follows: —Gentlemen—l receive this address with ray f*i-eat gratification. It gave me much pleasure to respond to your invitation on this occasion. It is not the first time I have spoken to Oddfellows. I know and understand the object ot Oddfellows Lodges well. I have been privileged to see tbeir operations in various parts of the world, and I know how they are governed too well not to appreciate fully tbe charitable, benevolent exertions, and loyal conduct which I have ever found to distinguish the Order. Theincreaseof your numbers, and the enterprise yon have manifested in building a hall for yourselves, are highly commendable. Your meetings ought to be held, in a dis tinctive place, where they can be free from the imputations that are sometimes cart upon tbem besause tbey are held at a public house. Every Lodge would do well to avoid holding Its meetings even in the best class of hotels— (cheers;-and then tbey woold be absolved from any unjsst reflections whatever—reflections which, if they have not been made here, have, I know, been made elsewhere. I feel most grateful for the welcome given me, and I hope fre quent opportunities of visiting your beatttiful district will yet be afforded me Captain Atkinson presented tbe following address on behalf of the volunteers :— "To His Kxcellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight. Governor in-Chief ofthe Colony of South Australia, &c; &c.; "On behalf ofthe officers and men of our Company, we beg to testify our great pleasure in welcoming your Excel lency to this district; at tbe same time we wish to assure you of the loyalty and respect we entertain for you as Go vernor of this province, aud represeatative of Her Majesty our most gracious Queen. "Tbe knowledge that you take a lively interest in the volunteers is a strong incitement to promote their efficiency, and thus secure the approbation of your Excellency. The en couragement of your presence conduces to arouse emulation and promote competition; and we heartily hope that the welcome yon will receive here to-day, the amenities or the place, and the knowledge you will gain of Its people, will tnduceyouto revisit us at oar future rifle matche;. " Most cordially do we unite with our fellow- townsmen iv wishing Lady Daly and family health and happiness, and to yourself, as our Governor, long life to wear the laurels your just administration has earned. "Catt. Atktnsojj. '? Lieut, snoswell. "Sdbgeon Jay. " Willunga. December 11. 186 V* HisKxcF.ocENCTackuowledgedtheaddressin the following terms: ---ram very thankful to you for this address, audi don't think the volunteers require to be assured by me, tbat I consider the force to be one ofthe most essential institutions ofthe colony. Circumstanced as this province i", without any standing army, it is true policy to be in a state of pre paredness, by having a force raised purely for defence, in order to meet any emergency which may, but which G- id grant may never arise. The Importance of such a step has been recognized by the mother country, and inconsequence thereof she now occupies a position in the eyes ot foreign nations which sbe never before held. Highly as she has risen in nni versa! estimation—highly as she has stood on the ground of defence—and protected as she is by the first navy in I the world, yet the existence of ISO.OOO volun teers ready to turn ont at any moment —well- drilled, and well equipped, has placed ber in a position of security which she never before occupied. As marksmen, tbe volunteers of South Australia, notwith standing the recent doingg at Wimbledon, have held their own; and considering tbe disadvantages under which they labor, the proficiency tbey have acquired in the use of the rifle is very remarkable. Bat great as your proficiency may be, you may become still more proficient, and I would urge you to strive to reach that point of excellence particularly in your drill- Unless well drilled half the value ot being marksmen is lost. I again thank you for the complimentary maunerin which you have treated me. I cau only say that t have never dealt in professions, and don't intend to; bat I trust that when the day comes for me to separate from the people to whom every day I become more and more attached 1 shall receive your satisfaction." (Immense cheering.) Three more cheers were here given for His Excellency, aud a similar number for Lady Daly. Ur. E. J Pcake. S.VL, next presented His Excellency with the subjoined address on the part of the Magistrates: — "To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, Gover nor-in-Chief of South Australia, &c; " May it please your Excellency — " We tbe undersigned Bench of Magistrates, of Willinga, Oder your Excellency our congratulations on tbis occasion of your first visit to Willunga. and venture to bid you a hearty welcome, " We trust your Excellency's visit to this district may afford you pleasure, as it is doubtless a source of gre.i > gratification to us and the inhabitants of Willunga and the neighborhood. ?? Our district i' eminently agricultural, and we trust your Excellency wiU derive some satisfaction iv your journey through the country at this season, and at tbe right of a contented, industrious, and loyal peo le, occupied in gather ing a rich harvest from their lands. "May we. in conclasion. express a hope that though this is your Excellency's first visit to Willunga, we'may be honored oaftitare occasions by other visits equally gratify ing to us and the people at large. "We have the honor to be your Excellency's obedient servants, ?? E. J. Pease, S.M. "B. Boswobtb. J.P. ?? J. S. Mackintosh. J.P. ~T. S. KEI.L, J.P." Sib Domistck in reply said—l feel muca gratified by your kindness in presenting this address to me on my first visit to Willunga. That I have not visited this beautiful district before—l wfll saddle the right horse and tell you—is conse quent upon tbe very proloiged parliamentary Session that s only just d.cci; and this has prevented me leaving Adelaide at all. I hope yon wiU accept this as a sufficient reason for not coming here before. I assure you I have more than once arranged to come here, but I have always fonnd the calls of business have made it next to impossible for me to carry my intentions out. I trust I shall have another opportunity of seeing it, and of bringing th - members of my family to see it also, for I am sure it won't take macli to induce them to pay a visit to this beautiful place. I again thank you for tbe kind welcome you have given me, aud I will not detain you longer. (Applause.) The Hall is a very neat and substantial structure, its character being plain Grecian. Tbe large room is 43 feet long by 26 feet wide, and there are two small rooms behind, each of which measures 13 feet by 10 feet 6 inches. The contractor was Mr. J. Wheatiej of North Adelaide, and tbe cost of the building was £300. The company then adjourned to a booth which had been erected just behind the ball, and in which was provided a good and substantial luncheon. There were about 100 persons present. Mr. J. Colton. ML P.. occupied the chair, and was supported on his right by His Excellency the Governor, the Hon. the Chief Secretary, and Chief Inspector Hamilton. On bis left were seated the Treasurer, Mr. E. J. Feake, Mr. T. S. Kelt, and Dr. Jay. Dr. J. S. Macintosh filled tbe vice chair, and among the other gentlemen present we noticed the ilevs. E. K. Miller and J. Howie. Messrs. S. Kidner, W. BonnseveU. H. L. Dnrieu. Loud, M. Burgess, and others. The Rev. E. K. Miller and the Key J. Howie severally offered and returned thanks before aud after tbe meal. The District Officers. Messrs. Sherring and Leaver, were invited and attended, but through some oversight on the part of their Willunga brethren they were not treated with that courtesy which they had a right to expect. In consequence of this tbey left for Adelaide without taking part in the festivities. At the close of the lunch, tbe Chairman, after glasses had been charged, proposed " Tbe Queen " —a toast, be said. that was always entousiastically received throughout the vast dominions of the British Empire; and it was ex tremely gratifying to all of them, be was sure, to bear that Her Majesty had again re-entered public life. Band—" National Anthem.*' The CnAi?J* as said as they bad alengthvprogrammetigo through be would at once ask tbem to refill their glasses in order to dnnk to tbe health of the Prince and Princess of Wales and the rest of the Boyal Family. All eyes were turned at present to the Prince of Wales, who would iv all probability be their future sovereign, and consequently all his acts aud movements were looted at with great interest- Although tbey hopel it would be loug before he was compelled to ar-sume the reins of Government, still they could not help watching his career and character. He had been carefully educated, and be had taken an important step in life—that of marriage. He believed he had secured to himself au excellent wife—(a laugh) -and that whenever be vrew called upon to fill the Throne of England he won!) be found equal to the responsible and dignified position. (Applause) Band—"Kale Britannia." The Chairman solicited bumpers for tbe next toast. " His Excellency the Governor-in-ChieC" He was sure they would all receive it in a hearty and enthusiastic manner. His Excellency had done them the honor of Saying them a visit; and be was sure they all esteemed it to c a great honor. He was sure they all with him rr-joiced that the Imperial Government bid Delected for tbem a gentleman of such ability and judgment and prudence as His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly. (Cheers.) He men tioned the qiialilications, which he considered were necessary iv a Governor to rule a colony firmly, prudently, and well; and he said he believed these qualities were to a large extent concentrated io His Excellency. He had discharged his duties in a way acceptable to tbe Legislature and the colonists generally; aud it was therefore with great pleasure indeed that he submitted the toast to them. He ?night state, on behalf of the inhabitants of Willunga. that they regretted that Sir Dominick should have arrived some what earlier thau tliey anticipated, for tbey bad intended to receive him in a much more demonstrative way thau they did; ani a much larger gathering would have assembled to give him a hearty welcome. He had no doubt His Excel lency would be thoroughly satisfied witb tbe explanation and accept tbe welcome which was given him. Band—"St. Patrick's day in the Morning;" and three cheers for the Governor. His KixrELLENcr in responding said be should be very inconsiderate ii he were not satisfied witb the reception that had been given him. The Chairman bad expressed regret that he ha'i arrived a little too soon for tbe ari-angemcnu that were proposed to be made ; but he could assure them that the welcome lie had received at WiUunga was exce.-d -iugly gratifying to him. and would not easily be forgot by him. His friend, the President, had accompanied tbe toast with so much more compliment and witb so much more kindly expression of approbation of his past conduct than he deserved, that he felt if tie did not disclaim some portion <>!' It he should appear a great egotist in their eyes. He had said too much of what be had done, but be had not said too much of his intentions and of his desire to promote the iutercsu of tlie colony, (t was tbe first duty be owed to the Queen—it was his duty to the people of the country, to leave no effort untried to forward their interest and welfare*. Tbis he ha I striven to do, bat how far be had succeeded lie would leave them to judge. The efforts he had made in the past would not be wauling in future. His friend tbe Chair man had got a heavy charge upon him to discharge; he woald set the example, which he hoped would be followed by succecdiug speakers, of making a short speech, and simply thank them for the warm way in which his health had been drunk. The Vice-Chaiuman next gave "The Army, Navy, and Volunteers." lie hoped the toast would have tbe cordial support of every Englishman present. He would not detain them by detailing any particular instances of tbe courage or bravery of the army or navy, but he would refer them to biatory, where their deeds could be found recorded. He might, however, raeutiou as types of cacli service the names of Wellington for the army, and of Nelson for the navy, both of whom had achieved many victories which bad added considerably to the glory of England. Witb regard to the volunteers, although he had left them till last, be hoped they would uot consider them least. Their recent trial with England was very commendable to the colony. They were only a very few points behind that of the crack company in England. He believed tbey had tbe element iv them of that which would hereafter make tbem great. (Cheers.) ' 1 Band-*' Bed, White, and Blue." I Major Douglas said he had been requested to respond a tothv tonst. It was very gratifying to tbe two professions [ to find that here, many thousands or miles away from the . mottitr cojntry, they were gratefully remembered. The Ar.ny and Kavy had achieved a lame; but the volunteers * bad yet to max* a name. Tbey were on a fair way of doing V this iv the New Zealand war, and be believed tbat if all did a not prove to be heroes, ami there would be one name that I would yet live in history. (Applause.) J Air. E. 3. Pease, S.M., said be had been requested to Sropose "Tbe Parliament of South Australia." It should, * c said, be well received, as the duties oflegislatora were not ? of a common order. They required, in order to discharge 1 their duties properly, independence of spirit, as well as pru dence and judgment. It was no easy task for a legislator to a bear the blame, tbe suspicions, and some limes the hatred of a those with whom be differed; bat tills be bad now and then , to do. 11 needed a brave spirit to discharge the f unctions of d a legislator wisely and well The Parliament, therefore, t deserved tbeir patience and consideration when tbey s did not do exactly as tbey wished tbem to do. c In choosing representatives he hoped they would always f choose men of independence, of thought, and of feeling: and t it was only in that way that they would get a wise and pro- i dent Parliament It was no nse sending nun to Parliament j * who would do what tbey told tbem to do. but men who "? would do what they considered would best advance tbe 1 c interest of tbe colony. (Cheers.) It was to sbow that be | sympathised with and appreciated the toils and efforts of! / legislators that he proposed tbe toast of tbe Parliament, of i which he saw some worthy representatives present. I a Air by tbe Band. r The Hon. H. AvEBS, M.L.C, returned thanks for the ? Legislative Council- Tbe proposer had well pointed out i the difficulties which beset legislators both here and at c borne; more particularly here, because they were so mixed up witb tbe people. Having seen something of the Parliaments of the adjoining colonies, be could say that . tbe Parliament here would bear favorable comparison with ' either ot tbe legtetalnres of the sister provinces. In saying t tbat, however, be bad no wish to disparage tbe adjacent \ province?. The Parliamentary Session bad been very t prolonged, having sat 9 or 10 months. He believed it a might be done in much less time He did not speak of that because ministers enjoyed a holiday in tbe recess. (A laugh.) * Ministers had no holidays. That might be considered a holi- i day. but be should have to work double times when 1 he got home. (Laughter, and applause.) He might just < tell them that if they could rake up a grievance he was here ? to answer tbem, and he hoped tbey would not let him go ', until they had told him. (Laughter, and cheers.) . The lion. J. Hast, &LP.; -responded for the House ot ' Assembly. He was not disposed to speak of politics, for t even the ghost of a road Bill was driven from bis mind—(a I laugh)—by the t-ecoUections which his visit to Willunga < had suggested to bim. His mind carried him back to a , period of 25 years when he travelled from Encounter Bay to | Adelaide, and when be looked upon this beautiful place ' He bad endeavored to trace gome resemblance in the features ' of the people then and those he saw now, bat he felt quite I out of latitude in doing so. The happy faces of the well clad 1 chUdren, the numerous ladies of beauty tbat be saw—in fact , tbe entire change that bad taken place in tbe district since j tbe time he spoke oC struck him far more than anything political. It was well to hear a gentleman of Mr. Peake's experience testifying to the arduous nature ot a legislator's duties. There was no question that a man going into Par- < Hatuent could scarcely go in as the delegate of any particula district: be must decide according to circumstances asr they presented themselves to bis mind. Even the Trea surer, who was tbe representative of the Port, found ' that he could not always conform to tbe opinions and views of bis constituency. This was the first holiday he bad had since he took office, aud the various < associations -which had recurred to his mind, together witb the welcome they had received, had made him enjoy the trip very much; if all the faces he beheld 25 years ago felt as much in seeing him as be felt in seeing tbem. a good result would follow his visit to the district- He had one word more to add. and it was in- reference to tbe road. If they had seen : theadmirable way in which His Excellency drove bit team, they would have thought the head of the team to which be (Mr. Hart) belonged, could have taken a capital lesson, by which be could profit greatly. He sincerely thanked tbem. (Cheers). Sir. Slabttn Boroess proposed "The Agricultural and Pastoral|tntei-ests.of South Australia,"'remarking that every one was interested in the success of these two interests. The good crops that were likely to be harvested in Wil lunga was a notch tor the farmers, and be hoped there would be many more such notches. He suggested that when the wheat was not likely to pay so well, the agriculturists might turn their attention to the cultivation of flax and cotton. It was not, however, bis intention to read them a lecture upon the way of farming land, so he would merely propose the toast. Band—"Song of Australia." , air. Loud returned thanks. The agricultural interest he said, had lain dormant for some years, owing to dry seasons and low prices, and many bad to succumb to the terror of tbe law. About 22 years ago he had the pleasure of meeting Governor Gawler at the Horseshoe where an agricultural gathering was beld. When tbe agricultural interest was proposed there was scarcely a man then who could have thought the interest would have flourished so welt They bad fought on and had conquered. Tbey bad produced wheat which bad obtained a world-wide reputation, and though the interest was now under a clond, yet with a kind Providence and with merchants giving them better prices —daughter, and cheers) —I Ley would be enabled to live and let live- From what hesaw ofthe youngsters that were growing up he had no fear that the agricultural interest would diminish iv prosperity. (Applanse.) Mr. T. SIABTIN gave "The District Officers," whom, although he did not know, bad been selected by SO Lodges, and therefore possessed tbeir confidence. Rand—" For they are jolly good fellows." Drunk witb Lodge honors. The Vicc-Cqairman next rose to propose "The Visi tors." alluding to the vi?it of His Excellency and his Ministers, which they esteemed a great honor. As Odd f-llows. they felt highly the compliment which was paid tbem by the presence of so many visitors. Band—-* We won't go borne till morning." His KxcEDLENcr said as he had been placed first amongst the visitors, he would express his thanks for the toast tbey proposed. He would take that opportunity ol supplying an omission which he had previously made, namely, of thanking them for tbeir Idud hospitality. Tbe evidences of refined comfort that he saw before bim satisfied him that they were malting their way far and near, and he hoped the district would long continue to succeed and prosper. Mr. Chief Inspector Hautlton gave tbe health of "Lady Daly, and tbe ladies of South Australia." He thought some inhabitant of tbe district would have been happy to have proposed the toast, and as he had been called upon quite unexpectedly he would not detain them by a speech. Bund—" Here's a health to all good lasses." His ExcEL-LENcr assured tbem tbat Lady Daly would be very thanklul on learning the way in which the toast bad been received ; and when be reported to ber and the otber ladies of his family his impressions of tbis beautiful district he should very shortly have to fulfil a promise that he bad made tbem, namely, to escort them to it. On their behalf and on behalf of the ladies of South Australia, with whom he hoped his family would be more and more intimately associated, be begged to return thanks. Mr. Habov proposed "The Press," which was acknow ledged by Ur. I'abkh.SON. Dr. Jay proposed -' The Chairman," who, be said, had represented them honestly to the best of bis ability. If tbey would have the Parliament wise and useful they should choose men of good social standing—men who would not promise everytiiiiig and do nothing, bnt men who would act as they thought best for their own districts particularly and the colony iv general. The Co aibman replied. When he came here he came at the solicitation of friends, who wished him to contest the district. He felt he had many insufficiencies, but he pro mised be would do his best He had done that Out of the 101 days, be had been present during part of or whole of the debates that had occurred daring 100 of the sittings. He had represented them very imperfectly, but he hoped in future to represent them better. No care or attention to his duties should be wanting on his part. If they were spared be trusted they should have many such gatherings, with His Excellency at their head. (Cheers.) Returning thanks eoce more, he would beg to propose the health of the Vice-Chairman. Dr. Mackintosh having acknowledged the compliment, the proceedings connected witb the lunch ended. A tea was afterwards held, and after tbat a vocal and in strumental concert, interspersed with recitations. The en- . tertainmeut was conducted by Mr. Ponnsett. of WiUunga, and the admirable manner in which everything went off reflected much credit upon bim. Ur. H. Ponnsett, the Misses Ponnsett. Mr. Albert Chapman, and Ur. Hntton were the principal vocalists, and Ur. U. Burgess and one or two others added to the evening's pleasure by delivering some first-rate recitati jns. His Excellency and suite were present throughout the entertainment, and seemed highly pleased with it. < ( ) < j , < I i ] \ 1 i 