THE 0.30 UP-TEA1N. f From Once a Wtek.) In a well-authenticated phost story, names nnd dales should be distinctly sped- €cd. In foHowing *tory I am unfortunately nbla to give only the year and the month, for I hive forgotten the date of the day, and I do not keep a diary. With regard to tsamet, my own figures as a guarantee at the end of this paper, u that of the principal personage to whom the following exlr&ordin;»rT circumstances occurred, but the minor actoM are provided with Soticiou* names, for I an not warranted to make their red ones public. X may add that the believer in ghosta may make we of the facta which 1 relate to establish bii theories, if he finds that they will be of service to hiu — when he naa read through and waighed well the startling account which 1 am about to give from my own experience*. OB a fine evening in June, 1880, X paid s visit to Mrs. Lyons, on uy way to the ]fa<iock'e Gate Station, on the Iiondonand Brighton line. This station it the first out of Brighton. At I rose to leave, I mentioned to the lady whom I was visiting that I expected a parcel of books from town, and that X was going to the station to inquire whether it had arrived. "Oh!" slid she, readily," I expect Dr. Lyons out from Brighton by the 0*80 train; if you like to drive the pony-chaise down and meet him, you ere welcome, end you can bring your parcel back with TOU in I gladly accepted her offer, ana in a few minutes I was seated in e little low basketcarriage, drawn by • pretty iron-grey Welsh station road commands the line of the Sooth Downs from Chantonbury Sing, with its cap of dark firs, to Mount Hany, the scene of the memorable battle of Lewes. Woolsonbury stands out like a headland above the dark Danny woods, over which the rooks were wheeling and cawing previous to settling themselvea in for the night. Ditchling beacon—its steep side) gsstied with cbalk-pita—was faintly flushed with light. The Clayton wiodmitls, with their salts motionless, stood oat darkly against the green evening sky. Clow beneath opens the tunnel in which, not so long ego, there happened one of tin most fearful railway accidents on record. The eve&iag; was ciquitite, The sky was kindled with light, though the son was set. A few gilded bars of cloud lay in the west. Two or thret stare looked forth—one X noticed twinkling green, crimson, and. gold like a gem. From a field of young wheat hard by, I besrd the barsb grating note of the corn-crake. Mist was lying on the low meadows like a mantle of snow, pure, smooth, and white; the cattle stood in it to their knars. The effect was to siagalsr that I drew up to look at it attentively. At the aame moment X heard the scream of an engine, and on looking towards the downs I noticed the up-train shooting oat of the tunas!, its red signal lamps flawing brightly out of the purple gloom which bathed the roots of the bills. Seeing that I was Me, I whipped the Welsh pony on, and proceeded at * £sst tr<*. At about % quarter of a mile from the station there is • turnpike—an old-looking building tenanted by a strange old Bum usually dressed in a white smock, over which bis long white beard flowed to his breast. This toll-collector—he is deed now —had amused himself in bygone daya by earring )if» «ii« iiaad* out of wood, and these were sleek time tbe eaves. Ooeis the &c;« of e drunkard, round and blotched, leering oat of mist/ eyes at the passers-by; the next has the crumpled featnrea of a miser, worn out with ted and moil; a third baa the wild scowl of a maniac; and a fourth, the stare of an idiot. I drove past flinging the toll to the door, and shouting to the old man to pick it up, for I was in a vast hurry to reach the station before Dr. Lyons left it. I whipped the little pony on, and be began to trot do wn • cutting in the green-aand, through which leads the it*tion-road. Suddenly, Taffy stood still, planted his feet resolutely in the ground, threw up his bead, snorted, end refused to move I" gee-up-*?* and " Uh-ed," all to no purpose; not a step would the little fellow advance. I aaw that he was thoroughly alarmed; Us flanks were quivering, and ht» ears were thrown back. I was on the point of leaving the chaise, when the pony mads a bound on one aide aud ran the carriage up into the bed^e, thereby upeettinc me on the reed. I picked myself up, aid took the beast's bead. I could not conceire what had frightened him; there was positively nothing to be seen, except a puff of dust rennmg up the road, snch as might be blown along by a passing current of air. There was nothing to be heard, exoept the rattle of a gig or tax-cart with one wheel loose: prol«bly a vehicle of this kind was being driven down the London toad, which Thesonn^beeame ftinSi^alid^^t^S awar in the distance. The pony now no longer refused to advance. It imnbled nolsntly, and was covered with sweat , "Weill upon mywo»d you have bean driving btrdr* erdaimed Dr. Lyons, when I met him at the station. "Ihate not, indeed/' was my wpjyj « but bet frightened TaSy, but whet thet sometoinf w«»» is more than I ean tdl.M «Oh, ahf ttld the doctor, looking round with a certain degree of interest in his faos s M so rou met it, did you!" "Met what?" " Oh, nothing;—only I heve heard of horses bem* ^ktee^d this road after the amvaloftbe 9,30 op-faaia., Xljv wvv Jean the moment that the tram canes ie, or the honee beoooes restive a wonderful thing for a fly- horse to beoom* restive, isn't it r ( «Bat what ewws this tlam* I mm nothing!" "Ton ask me more than loan answer. X »B as ignomnt of ths cause as yourself. I take imngs as th«y stand, and make no Inqniriei. ifhen toe flyman tells me that w MB*t start fnr * minute or two after the train has arrived, pr urga« o n bis bwsee to ras^ ths etetioa before the arrival of this tnjn -^Hng M his *as<m that hU brutw W^TViWlrjhedossBot d o I Mfoly aay,' Do ss youtkmk best, eMj,* and bother my bead no more about the matter." , " I shall search this matter put," said I, resolutely. "What Mik taken place io strangely corroborates the superstition, that I shall not leave it uninvestigated," " Take my advice, and banish it from your thoughts. When you have come to the end, you will be sadly disappointed, and will fiod that all the mystery evaporates, end loaves a dull common-place residuum. It is beat that the few mysteries which remain to ns unexplained should still remain mysteries, or we shall disbelieve in supernatural agencies altogether. We Hare searched out the arcana of Nature, end expoied all her secrets to the garish eye of day, and we End, in despair, that the poetry and romance of life are gone. Are we the happier for knowing that there are no ghosts, no fairies, no witches, no mermaids, no wood spirits f Were not our forefathers happier in thinking every lake to be the •bode of • fairy, every forest to be e bower of yellow-haired sylphs, ererr moorland sweep to be tripped over by elf and pixie P I found my little boy one daylying oa his face in a fairy-ring, crying,' You dear, dear little fairies, X will believe in you, though pspa says you ere all nonsense.' I used. in my childish days, to think, when a silence fell upon a company, that an angel was passing through the room. Alas! X now know that it results only from the subject of the weather baling been talked to death, and no new subject baring been started. Believe me, science has done good to mankind, but it has done mischief too. V we wish to be poetical or romantic, we must shut our eyes to facts. The head and the heart wage mutual war now. A lover preserves a lock of his mistress's hair as a holy relic, yet he must know perfectly well that for all practical purposes a bit oi rhinoceros hide would do as well,—the chemical constituents are identieal. If X adore a fair lady, and feel a thrill through all my veins when I touch her hand, a moment a consideration tells me that phosphate of lime No. X is touching phosphate of lime No. 2,—nothing more. If for e moment I forget myself so far as to ware my cap, and cheer for King, or Queen, or Prince, I laujgh at my folly next moment for baring paid reverence to one digesting machine above another." I cut the doctor short as be was lapsing into hit favourite subject of discussion, ana asked him whether be would lend me the pony chaise on the following evening, that 1 might drive to the station again and try to unravel the mystery. "I will lend you the pony," said he," bat not the chaise, aa I am afraid of it being injured should Taffy take fright and run up into the hedge again. I hare got a saddle. Next evening I was on my way to the station considerably before the time the train was due. I stopped at the turnpike and chatted with the old man whe kept it. Tasked him whether he could throw any light on the matter which I was investigating. He shrugged bis shoulders, saying that, "ha knowed nothink about it." "What! Nothing at all ?" " I don't trouble my head with matters of this sort," was the reply. " People do say that something out of the common sort paasea along the road and tarns down the other joad leading to Clayton aud Brighton; but I pays no attention to what them people saye." " Do you ever hear anything P" "After the anival of the SfOtriia I doc* at times boar the rattie aa ol a mailcart and the trot cif 1 horse along the road: and the sound is as though one of the wheels waa loose. I've a been out many a time to take ths toil,—but Ijor blesa'y! them aperits—if sperits them be—lon't go for to pay toll, so them's no odds to me." " Have you never inquired the matter P" " Why should IP Any think es don't go for to par toll don't concern me. Do ye think as I knows 'ow many people and'dogs goes through this tear geatt in « day f Not I—them don't pay toll, ao them's no odds to me." ^ "Look her^, myman!"aaidL . "Doyon object Id my pntting the bar across the road, immediately on the arrival of the train ?* "Not a bit; Please yereel'; bat you beret got much time to loose, for tbeer comes thiekey train out of Clayton tnnnel." I shut the gate, mounted Taffy, and drew up across the road a little below the turnpike. I heard the train attfe-^I nw it puff off: at the same moment I distinctly heard a trap coming up (he road, one of the wheels rattUng as though it were loose. I repeat deliberately thailktard it—l oannot account forit—but, though I beard it, yet I aaw nothing whatever. „ / 4 At the same time the poay became restless, it tosaed its head, pricked np its can, it started, pranced, and then maae a bound on one side, perfectly regardless of whip and rein. Xt iried to scramble-up the sandbank in its alarm, and I bad to throw myself off and catch its head. I then cast a glance behiod me at ths tornpike. X aaw the bar bent, as though »ome one wet* pleating against it; »ad then, with s click, it flew open and waa dashed violently back against the white post to which it was usually hsaped In the dsvtime. T^ere it remained qufreringfrom the ehock. Immediately I heaH the rattle-rattlerattle—of the taxocait, Xcoofoaa that my first tmjMibe was langh; the idea of a ghostly tax-cart was so essentially lndicrout j but the rktttylof the whole scene soon brought me to a merer mood, and, remounting Taffy, t r6deSewa tothe station. The officials were taMnirtbeir ease.ftt another was not due for »6me whilel so I stepped up to the station-nutter aad entered tnto conversation with him. After; a ftw desultory remsiks. I inentioned the drcamstanCes which lid oocarred td tn6 n the road, and my inability to aoeount for them. J •^Sothafs what you're after!** Mid A^ master, eomewhat blnnty. Wdl, X cen tell you nqUung about ||| sperits don't come in my wn^r, saving and excepting those which ean is tsken inwardly; and. mlgb^r coadbrtable warming things they be when so taken. ; V yen ask me kbout othersorts of sperits, X toll yon (taVldoift belimln 'em, tboogh X dm't mind drinking the beafth of them what does." " Perhaps you may hav« the ekasoe, if yoa jg pomaunieetira," saidX- «W<m2y«**ll Xtaioir.andtbal is precious little," answered the worthy man 1 "I know one thing for certain— £lmt one compartment of a second-class icarriagb ie always left vacant between Brighton and Ilassoek'a Gate, by the 0.30 up-train." " For what purpose F" "AH! that's more than I can lully 'explain. Before the orders came to this effect, people went into fits and that like, in one of the carriages." " Any particular carriage f" " The ilnt compartment of the secondclass carriage nearest to the engine. It is locked at Brighton, and I unlocked it at thia station." •'What do you mean by saying that people had fita r" "X mean that I used to find men and women a-screeching and a-hollering like mad to be let out: they'd seen some'ut aa had frightened them as they was psasing through the Clayton tunnel. That was before they made the arrangement I told y' ot* , " Very strange!" said I, meditatively. " Wery mnck so, bnt trus for all that, j don't l^liere in nothing but sperits of a warming and cheering nature, and them sort ain't to be found in Clayton tunn*l to my thinking." There was evidently nothing more to be sot it out Oh of my Mend. I hope that he drank \ my health that night; if he omitted to do so, it was his fault, not mine. As X rode home revolving in my mind atl that I had heard and seen, I became more and more'aettled my determination of thoroughly investigating the matter. The best means that I could adopt tor so doing, would M to come oat from Brighton by the BJ)0 train, in the very compartment of tht aecond-claas earriace froifi which the public were considerately excluded. Seatehow I felt no shrinking from the attempt, my curiosity was so intense that it overcame all apprehension for the consequenoee. My next free day was Thursday, and I hoped then to execute my plan. In this, however, I waa disappointed, as I found that a battalion drill was fixed for that very evening, and X was d-sirous of attending it, being somewhat behind-hand in the regulation number of drills. I was consequently obliged to postpone my Brighton trip. On the Thursday evening ab^ut five o'clock, I started in regimentals with my rifle^ over my shoulder, for the drilling ground, a piece of forty common near the railway station. I was speedily overtaken by Mr. Bail, a corporal in the rifle corps, a capital shot and most efficient in his drill. Mr. Bali was driving his gig. He stopped on seeing me, and offered me a seat beside him. I gladly accepted, as the distance to the station is a mile and three-quarters by the road, and two miles by what is commonly suj>||oscd to be the short cut across ^jie After some coawrsation on volunteering matters, about which Coporal Ball was an enthusiast, we turned out of the lanes into the station road, and I took the opportunity of adverting to the subject which was uppermost in my mind. «Ah ! I have beard a good deal about that," said the corporal. " My workmen have often told mo aome eock-end-hull stories of the kind, but I can't say has 'ow X believe them. What you tell me is, owever, very remarkable. I new 'ad it on •ich good authority afcre. 8tai I cant believe that there's hany-thing supernatural T Went it* --f;^?™-- " I do not yet know what to believe," I replied; " for the whole matter is tome perfectly inexplicable." " Tou know, of course, the story which gave rue to the superstition ?" "Not I; pray tell it me." " Just about aeven TCMS agone—why, you must the circumstances as well aa X do—there was a man druv over from X cant aay where, for that was never exact-ly hascertafned,—but from the Henfield direction, in a light cart. He went to the Station Inn, and throwing .the reins jo JohnS&ofcas;, the oatietybade fhim^o takef the trap and bring it /mud to meet the 930 train, by which he calculated to return from Bn^btoa. John Thomas said as "ow the atranger waa quite trabe-known to him, and that he looked as though to *ad some matter on his mind when he went to the train; he was a$ueer sort«fa man, with thick grey hair and beard, and delicate «rhite ands, jiat like a lady's. The trap waa round to the ktatSo&4o6r as hotdeted, by the arrival of the 8fi0 train. The aedar obterved then that the ms waa aAen pale, and that bis ^andslwnbled as hs took the rrins, that the stranger stared at him in a wild babttracted way, and that he Would have driven off without tendering payment bad he not been reepectiully reminded that the'one bad been given a feed of boats. John Thomas made a hobeervatfon to the gent relative jto the whedtriueh wat loose, bnt that hobservation met with no corresponding baaawar. Ths driver whipped his oese and want off He pssasd the turnpike, and waa seen to take the Brighton road hinstesd of thst bv which he had come. JL workman hcibeerved the tran next on the downs above Clayton dialk-pits. He didn't pay maeh attention to it, bat be aaw that the driver wis onhis legs at tha *ead ofthe 'one. Seart mo^Jng, when the quarry men went to the pit, they found a shattered tax-cait at^te bottom, and ths 'one and dthw dead, the Utter with his neck broken. • «|i,«moufct(>vwaefbatM*aiikerso that he mnathare bee driven over the *«df» bKndfold. Hodd, waan't it f Well, fo&aarthat; tbegeatandhu taxM»Hpasa along the road ereiy herening after tbe Mtwal of the 8 JO train; huTl don't helimit; I aint a bitanpersttti(Hi»~«ot X1" Wert wsek l was again diaapbointed in toy expeet^ion of being ablTfo%nt my ' ^uk entU tford Siturdayafter mr ooonnntion withOorporal B^Tl walks/ into Brighton in the se, being about wim miles, oa^he dme watching the . ^ It m m ! * * H m f l M Pavilion, ardently ktigiu tha fi» might pmk fiatth and oonsuae tomMutrnk ly. Xbsliewd thst Iafterwasdi » m m i&t; u| the T^Mmwnk- took of a bun; but if put on my oath I eould not swear to the fact; a floating reminiscenco of a bun lingers in tbe ebambera fcf memory, but 1 cannot be positive, nnd 1 wish in this paper to advance nothing but reliahle facte. I squandered precious time in. reading the advertisements of babyjumpern—which no mothers should be without—which are indispensable in the uurserv and the greatest acquisition in the parlour, the greatest discovery of modem times, Ac., &c.; X perused a notice of tbe advantage of metallic brushes, and admired tbe young lady with ber hair white on one side and black on the other; I studied the Chinese letter commendatory of XXoroiman's tea, and the inferior Boglish translation, and counted up the number of agents in Great Britain and Ireland. At length the ticket-office opened, and I booked for Hassock's Gate, second-class, fare one shilran along the platform till I came to the compartment of the second-class carriage which X wanted. The door was locked, so I shouted for a guard, t " Put mo in here, pleaae." i " Can't there, s'r; next, please, nearly empty, one woman and baby. 4 1 I particularij wish to enter (hit car. riage, said I. ' " Can't be, lock'd, orders comp'ny," replied the gniird, turning on hit heel. " What Mason is there for tbe public being excluded, may I ask 7' i " J&n;'ow, 'sprees ord'rs—e'nt let you in; next caridge, pl'se; now then, quick, pl'se." I knew the guard and he knew me—by sight, for I often travelled to and fro oa the line, so I thought it best to be candid with him. I briefly told him my reason for making the request, and begged him to assist me in executing my plan. He then consented, though with reluct- " 'Ave y'r own way," said he ; '• only if anything 'appena, don't blame me I" " Never fear," laughed I, jumping into the carriage. The guard left the carriage unlocked, and ib two minatea we were off. I did cot feel in the slightest degree nervous. There was no light in the carriage, but that did not matter, a* there was twilight. I aat facing the engine on the left side, and every now and then I looked out at the downs with a soft base of light still hanging over them. We swept into a cutting, and I watched the lines of flint in ihe chalk, and longed .to be geologising among them with my hammer, picking out " shepherds' crowpfand sharks' teeth, the delieate rhyneoneUa and tbe quaint ventriculite. I remembered a not rery distant occasion on which 1 bad actually restored there, and been chased off by the guard, after having brought down an avalanche of chalk debrit, in « manner dangerous to traffic, whilst endeavouring to extricate a magnificent ammonite which I found, and —alas! left—protruding from the aide of the cutting. X wondered wLether thit ammonite was still there; I lookedabont to identity tbe exact spot as we whittedalong; and at that moment we shot /Into the tunneL ' There are two tunnels, with a bit of chalk-cutting between them. We passed through tbe first, which is short, and in another moment plunged into the second. I cannot ei plain how it was that MOW, ail of a sudden, a feeling of terror came over; me it seemed to drop orer me like a vet sheet and wrrap me round and round. X frit that somr otM was seated opposite me,—some one in tbe darkness, with his eye* fixed on me. Many persons possessed of keen nervous sensibility are well aware when they are in we presence or another, even though they can tee no one, and I believe that I possess this power stronriy. If I wet* blindfolded, I think that I should know when any one ! was looking fixedly at me, and I am certain that I should instinctively know that I was not alone if I entered a dark room in which another person wss seated, even though he made no noise. I remember a college friend, who dabbled in anatomy, teKng me that a little Italian wnBnlat once •Called on him to give a lessen on his instrument. The foreigner, a singularly nervous individual, moved restlessly from the place where he had been atanding, casting many a furtive glance over hit thoulder at a pt«ss which was behind him. At last the little fellow tossed aside his violiu, aaring: " I can note give de lesson if some one weel look at me from behind! Dare is somebodee in de capboard, I know !** " You are right, there isf Langhed my anatomical friend, flinging open the door of thepreas and discovering a ieleton. The horror which oppressed me was numbing. For a few momenta I could neither lift mv hands nor atir a finger. I was tongue-tied. I seemed paralysed in every member. I fancied that I fth eyes staring at me through the gloom. A cold breath seemed to play over my face. I believed that fingers touched my cheat and plucked at my coat I drew back against the partition; my heart stood still, my flesh became stiff, my muscles rigid. I do not know whether X breathed,—* blue mist swam before my eyes, and my bead span. » ^Therattleaadroarof the train dashing through the tunnel drowsed erery other sound. , Suddenly, we rushed past a light fixed fcgamat the wsU in the mde, and. it sent a instantaneous as that of lttfctaiiig, throngh the carriage. In that moment I u* what 1 shall never, never forget. I aaw a lace opposite me, iirid at that of a owrgii, hideous with passion like that of » . I cannot describe it accurately, for I saw it but for a second: yet their rises before »»now, as I write, the low broad brow •ew»fd with wrinkles, the ahaggy overbiSgiBjt OTy eyebrows; -the >wffiF ashen eyes, with a glare in them like those of a oemoniae s tbecoarsemoutb,withitafleshy hpe wiprststi jai they were i^ito j the profusion of wolf-grarhairaboutthecHwks end chin; thetitin blotf&as; hands, raised and half-open, ^tended towawh me a* though they would clutch and tear me. fethei&dnasstf; tefiw, fltogMMif altmg the seat to tha firnhei window. ^ iSea I felt that lt was moving ^owly asm, and was oppoait* me anta. I lifted •wArf anmsftitui X thoaght it was a "•"i'iijw. 7Nl tt«w a kimUm HfisUsd over mine and began to contract on it. I felt each finger ee|x-rately—they were cold, so cold, so dully cold. I wrenched my hand away, I slipped back to my -former place in the carriage by the open window, and in frantic horror I opened tbe door, and clinging to it with both my hands round the window-jamb, svune myself out with my feet on the flror and my head turned from the carriage. If tbe cold fingers had but touched my woven bands, mime would have given way; bad X but turned my head, sod seen that hellish countenance peering out at me, I must have lost my hold. Ah I X saw, the light from the tunnel mouth; it smote on my face, the engine rusbed out with a piercing whistle, the roaring echoes of the tunnel died away. The cool fresh breeie blew over my face and tossed my hair; the speed of the train was relaxed, the lights of the station became brighter; X heard the be! It ringing loudly *, I taw people waiting for the train; I felt the vibration as the drag was put on. We stopped i and then my fingers gare way. X dropped as a sack on the platform, and then, then—not tilt then—I awoke. There now! from beginning to end the whole had been a frightful droam caused by my having too many blankets over my bed. If X must append a moral,—Doo t sleep too hot. 8\. BAanro-Goux,D, M.A. 