THE GOVERNMENT EXPRESS. WHAT is the meaning of the announcement in the Government Gazette of the 12th instant, in reference to the officers appointed to carry out the provisions of the Sludge By-law in the Sandhurst district 1 We learn by this announce ment that Mr. Fletcher is appointed to be con sulting engineer, Messrs. Gill and Port to be superintendents of drains, and Messrs. Egan and Fogarty to be collectors. Does this an nouncement refer to some recent appointment or to the appointments made by the Mining \- Board upwards of a year ago ? If this an nouncement has any reference to the present state of things, it is certainly an interesting piece of information that Mr Gill has been ap pointed a superintendent of sludge drains, at the time a Commission of Inquiry is supposed to be examining into certain charges made against him. Has the inquiry been ended, and has the Commission sent in its report, and is this the result ? Or is the simple ex planation of this itranga GcutUt no* tioe, that this is the official notification of appointments eighteen months old. We frequently notice in the Gazette the valuable information that some public officer has hau leave of absence, long after the officer in ques tion has been absent, has returned, and has re sumed his duties. Of course people do not expect to find news in tho Gazdi-e, but wherein coiuisto the utility of publishing siirh notices at all after such a lapse of time ? Who is it that is responsible for these publications ? We do not, of course, refer to the mere printing, but the sending of the valuable information to the Go vernment Printer. On what principle does he act f Does he forward all the notices once a j year, or when they reach a certain member, or when the whim seizes him? We suppose the cause must remain a mystery, but meanwhile we protest against disturbing peoples' minds with announcements of what happened a yeai or two ago, as if it took place yesterday,-a galvanizing of dead and buried events into a semblance of life, which is as disagreeable as any other kind of ghost walking. 