SENSATIONAL ART. (From the Saturday Review, August 22.) It may be objected to the above title that, as all Art is intended to work on our feelings, so all Art must by its own essence, he sensational. And it is indeed probable that the style to which we give the name has grown, by causes to be hereafter specified, from this common ground- work, and represents, or answers to, some popular tendency which may flow, with varying force, through the currents of civilised life. Ever shifting as they are, these currents run, after all, through limited channels ; tho thing which has been is the thing which will be again ; we go from pink to blue, and from blue to pink again, with an intermediate transit, it may be, through crimson. The elementary tastes of man are not more numerous than the ele- mentary tones of nature. We have our senti- mental and our passionate, our physical-force and our intellectual-grandeur tints, and she has ber seven colors ; only in her art they are always disposed at once moderately and effectively. These primary conditions cannot be changed by criticism or by chemistry ; but as philoso« phers analyse the spectrum, read between its ines, and compel it to give up the secret of its coloring, so by a little close examination we may perhaps discover the causes which underlie the social tone of the day, and point out in a philo- sophical spirit the laws and limits of the pris- matic splendor of our civilization. These remarks show that we cannot turn to the derivation of the word for a definition of what we mean, and what everybody will understand,as Sensational Art. What order of sensation is thereby intended is more to the purpose of our criticism. Some of those feelings which can be addressed by the painter are deep, and these in general are not lightly to be stirred, but, when moved, retain the impulse long. Others are open to more immediate appeal. They float, perhaps, more on the surface of common ex- perience, or they belong rather to the physical than to the spiritual side of our nature. The first class of feelings speak from the depths to the depths ; de profundis clamant ; they spring from thoughtful or strongly excited minds; they cannot be conceived or represented with facility; they call for patience, knowledge, and delicacy in the artist. The more imme- diate class require rather vivacity, facile force, dramatic power; they touch us rather strongly than lastingly. Mr. Hunt's illustration of Measure for Measure is an excellent example of the first—Mr. Wallis's " Death of Chatterton" of the second. Each phase of feeling is re quired to complete the pleasure which we may receive from art; each has been the province of great painters; each, however, is liable to its peculiar exaggerations. Depth of sentiment is apt to become sentimentalism. Vigor of representation is ready to decline into sensa- tionalism. If this theory be correct, it will be obvious that the evil of the latter form of degeneracy is the greatest. For not only must we admit that the style of art is, in a certain intelligible sense, lower, but it also tempts the artist, by its very nature, to dash and coarseness, to care- less drawing and violent expression, and the other many forms of mere effectism. This, in turn, leads him to subjects of a comparatively vulgar order, in which the divergence from true art will be less perceptible. Even an im- perfectly educated taste would reject tho sensa- tional representation of a Scriptural scene; and although examples of such are not want- ing, and that in the older days, yet the treat- ment was adopted, not for effect, but for a supposed religious object. Hence the artist now turns to scenes from contemporary life suds especially as contain features of vulgar humor or vulgar crime. Ho will reject love for flirtation, dwell on the bride's wreath rather than her expression, and choose the forger or the traviata for the tragic elements of his drama, if some degree of sentiment mingle with his art, taking the repulsive rather than the terrible, and shocking us where he wishes to be sublime. Perhaps he will attempt his- tory ; and then his favorite age may be the first French Revolution, with its revolting contrasts of a degraded Court and an insensate mob. Or, if the selection be wider, it will be of "easy things to understand"—contrasts as striking as black and white, or " telling inci- dents" which would make a hit at the Adelphi. Meanwhile his audience will be fit, though numerous ; until the highest stage in the sen- sational career is reached, and the newspapers and walls are placarded with advertisements that £5,000, £10,000, £20,000, have been given for the last masterpiece. The work has a green-baize Exhibition-room to itself, and the aid of popular counsel is called in to glorify the merits and its price, and to assure the world that—as the case may be—the Rubens or the Giorgione or the Hogarth of the age is now before them, the wonder of the day, and already secure of immortality. The earth hath bubbles, as the water hath, And these are of them. It must, of course, be readily allowed that art of the sensational order can hardly, if over, draw the mob without some measure of proved ability. Even universal suffrage never elects a blockhead as an emperor. Nor, fur- ther, are the limits of such art marked out by definite lines.Pictures may be more or less sensa tional. Vulgar appeal and deft commonplace may predominate in one, as in an instance to which we lately called attention on the ground of the vigor with which puffery had been exerted in its favor. In another, as the Cremorne party passing a drowned girl, exhibited a few years since, sentiment of a rough kind may display itself; whilst in a third—we may name Gérôme's " Masquer's Death"—the conception may be so powerful, and the execution so mas- terly, that though it may be questioned whether art does not, in so painful a scene, abandon her proper province, yet we can no longer apply the term "sensational" to the work in a sense of disparagement. Nor, again, would it often be correct to use the epithet as the distinctive property of certain artists. Gallait, for example—the Belgian painter so popular last year amongst those who are satisfied without refinement of idea or treatment—inferior as he is in the great qualities of art to Gérome, like Gérome has not confined himself to such sub- jects only as the execution of Egmont, or the madness of Tasso. Mr. Ward—whose Parlia- ment House frescoes must be mainly ranked, owing to a style of treatment which we will presently analyse, in the sensational class— gave this year in his " Hogarth's Studio," a picture which, if exhibiting the deficiencies in proper artist-like feeling and execution which go far to negative his powers, was at least free from mere appeal to commonplace effect or vulgar humor. On the other hand, good artists may be named who have touched the limits of sensationalism. Hunt's "Awakened Conscience," the picture we have named by Gerome, Turner's " Slaver" and " Ulysses," are magnificent examples, to which those who know modern French art can add several more. There is, however, no special need to trace tho course of Sensational Art upwards. Re- verting to our definition of it as that which deals with subjects calling for vivacity, facile force, and dramatic power, although not the form of the drama which moves tho deeper feel- ings, it will be easily seen that where subjects such us these are skilfully handled we should not think of applying the epithet to them. They are then simply telling pictures of in cident, humorous or gloomy as the case may be. Wilkie's " Distraining for Rent" and " Chelsea Pensioners," Millais's " Fire- man," Wallis's "Chatterton,'' Maclise's " Wellington and Blucher," Martineau's Last Day in the Old House,"—to take examples from tho chance supplies of memory—are all pictures which depend for much of their effect on sensational elements, but which no one, nevertheless,would think of calling sensational. In like manner, in literature, the Waverley novels and Shakspere's plays contain far more striking points and moving incidents than the very best devised melodrama. Their popularity with the unthinking, as Charles Lamb pointed out admirably in the case of Shakspere, rests, indeed, in no small measure,on these elements. Yet we give tho name sensational, not to the Heart of Mid Lothian or to Othello, but to the dramas of the Victoria, or Miss Braddon's novels. So again, whilst Millais's " Fireman" would be spoken of simply as a powerful dramatic scene of physical emotion, his " Nun's Rescue" was at once recognised as belonging to what we might now term the " Aurora Floyd" style. More decidedly, and less excusably such, considering the subject, was his Moonlight scene from Keats in this year's Exhibition. And even in case of a genius so magnificent as Scott's, one or two of the latter novels, as Anne of Geierstein, written when that noble hand had lost much of its cunning, are not free from distinct sentimentalism. To enquire why we recognise these differences may assist us towards a clearer idea of the subject of our paper, ' ' We have said that sensationalism is the ex- aggeration of vigor. But by this must not be understood that this phase of art is simply extreme vigor. Even those who are strongly moved by it would not claim for it the great feature of strength—enduring interest. Rather, as sophistry was defined by Plato to be that which, not being philosophy, aimed at seeming to be such—so Sensational Art pretends to the vigor which is beyond the ability of the artist. Thus, had the dramatist of the Colleen Bawn the intellectual power, we will not say of Shakspere, but of Shakspere's contemporaries under Elizabeth and James, he might, so far as the idea of the story was concerned, have given us a fair rival to the plays of Beaumont or Massinger. Lacking this, he was compelled to obtain vigor and vivacity by recurrence to a lower order of sentiment, and to compensate by physical incident, for the effect which might have been obtained by really vital characteri- zation. A similar mode of treatment is not uncommon in the writers of the " muscular" school. When Mr. Kingley's confidence in the force of his philosophy fails him, he has always a shipwreck or a good run with the hounds at hand to take him through. When the author of Guy Livingstone feels a little conscious that the reader may not quite sympathize with his theories on blood, or his references to Homer, he calls our attention to the fact that no one could hit out so straight as his hero. So in the fine arts. With all his melodic genius and spirit, Verdi cannot write an air Ike " Batti, batti ;" but he can easily put more trombones and trumpets from Mozart into his orchestra. With all his great command over drawing, and fertility of invention, Maclise was unable—who could, indeed, hope to succeed?—to place Shakspere's Lady Macbeth authentically on the canvas. Yet he produced a great effect, not, so much by the truly excellent portions of the picture, as by the shadowy management of the ghost. Thus, also, in the frescoes at West minster. Take the " Sleep of Argyle." Here the main point, the nodus of the design, was to paint the tranquil rest, on tho edge of death, of a patriot conscious he had played his part as a man. This the artist has tried to give, not by the expression of Argyle himself, but by the con- trasted figure of a courtier, whose attitude is that of vulgar surprise, which the slipping down of his hat is intended to emphasise. So in the "Alice Lisle," where the emotion of the moment, as she steps forth to cover the retreat of tho fugitive from Sedgemoor, is lost sight of in a painful exhibition of feeble old age, and a confused de monstrativeness amongst the chief figures. Even in the " Flight of Charles from Boscobel" our attention is drawn, not to the conflicting passions in the mind of the King, but to the commonplace awkwardness of the situation, and the coarsely-painted splashing of the horse's feet. Allowing the difficulty of the subjects nor can we, in justice to the requirements of a national work, carry our allowance in this case much further—what has placed this series of pictures on tho sensational level seems reducible to insufficiency in intellectual grasp for meeting the " high argument" of historical painting, The requisite vigor of expression for the heads, the necessary force of insight which could penetrate to tho moral aspect of the scenes, were not forthcoming. These qualities have been, therefore, supplemented—and, so far as popular estimate goes, we believe not unsuccess- fully--by recurrence to physical emotion, and appeals to the external and easily-seized fea- tures of each occurrence. Vigor which cannot reach its end in the most really powerful way, and hence reaches it by an inferior road, is thus the essence of sensationalism. Bodily emotion takes tho place of intellectual. There is no need to discuss way such art will share a transient popularity with the cognate phase of sentimentalism. Nor do we here seek to deny that it has a place ; but only to point out what that place really is, and how sensational art reaches it. Even sculpture, though by its nature moving in a more abstract sphere, has not been exempt from the sensational element. That want of repose which we fool when pas- sing from the Parthenon figures, or tho Venus of Melos, to the Laocoon, is in a great measure due to the too manifest effectism in the latter work. Still, more marked is the change when we turn to the mighty Buonarroti. Great as Michael Angelo was in penetrative and vivifying imagination, profound in mastery over the form, and potent in dramatic characterisa- tion, his impetuous nature did not always allow him to maintain that balance of sobriety, that fine and golden moderation, which sculpture has exacted from her most consummate followers. The nervous element, as it would be expressed medically, is over-powerful in his works. Even if this had not been so, it is probable that other causes were in existence which would have drawn the Italian school of sculpture into that degeneracy which the International Exhibition bore such conspicuous proof. Yet it is pro- bable also, that the influence of the great master has not been without a considerable share in the bias towards the sensational and the spasmodic which Italian sculpture, with but few exceptions, has manifested for three cen- turies. It is, indeed, difficult to find a more marked and absolute contrast than that which lies between the greatness and the science of Michael Angelo, and the petty- trickery, the ignorant meretricious posture-making of artists like Monti and Marochetti. Yet, it the brief criticism we have above given be correct, it would be true that we may trace here another example of the proverbial corruptio optimi. LOBD Ci,ïDE.-The namo of tho great and good man whose remains are to ho obis day enshrined at Webtminster, there to rest until .time and old England pass away, is to be honored ima manner which could not have failed to pleaso the gallant but modest old soldier. The sister service is about to pay n high compliment to oue who while living was ever ready to do hi» duty, and now being dead has left a brilliant example to the rising members of both professions. We aro told that an armor clad ship is to be immediately designed, und she is to bo called the Lord Clyde. In future days, when the Ljrd Clyda ia commissioned, wo earnestly hope that all who may belong to her will bo mudu ac- quainted with tho history of the hero from whom tho vessel derives her appellation. More especially would wo wish to impress on tho minds of tho younger oflicers that Lord Clyde when ho joined the army was almost ponnilcss and friendless, yet during his long career did ho conti ive to livo upon his pay, and to earn the friendship of a vast mul- titude amongst the bravest und worthiest. tVhat will our young sub-lioutonants mid midshipmen say when wo tell them-and our authority may be re- lied upon whon wo tell thom- that Lord Clyde, oven so late as the time whou he commanded the !>Kth, very frequently abstained fro m tho use of wine, simply because he could not alford it ? 'The mauvaise honte of otherwise many a well intontioiicd lad will not allow of tho sacrillco which wo havo just re- corded, nnd almost every day affords ua iiibtnucoa of the utter shipwreck of the prospects of such as havo not tho principio Or firmness to the temptation, It is true that Admiralty interference has ùonc somothingtownt'dndlscourngingtlioevtra vaganco which was, only a fow years ago, in voguu on board tho majority of her Mnjonty's ships, but much romains to bo done. Captains nnd com- manding officers should bo vigilant in supporting the weak against the strong.-Army tj- Navy Gazette. TUB PROGBESS OP CBICKET.-In ' 1774 cricket made a great btart. Sir Iloraco Marni, who had promoted cricket in Kent, and tho Dtiko of Dot-sot and Lord Tankerville, who scum to have boon tho leaders of tho Surrey and Hants Eleven, conjointly with other noblemen mid gentlemen, formed a committo under the presidency of Sir William Draper. Thoy met at the Star and Gartor, in l'allmall, and la!d down the first rulos of cricket, which very ? ulos form tho basis of tho laws of cricket of this day. 'The old skeleton htu-dlo was abolished, and wickets (two in number) twenty-two inched high and six inches wide worn btibstitutcd ; tho weight of tho ball was determined to be (as now) fivo ounces and a half to fivo ounces and thrccquurtors. In tho following year, 1775, a middle stump was added, and although the height and width of tho wlckots woro twico inciensod subsequently, until they attained their present size, btill iu all essential points-avon ullowiug for the difference of cricket grounds, tho comparatively rough materials for the game, and tho changes in style-a crickot match in 1773 must havo vory much resembled a cricket match in 1803. The next Ri-oat stop in cricket was tho establishment of the White Conduit Club, in tho year I7ÍÜ); and among its members, in addition to the beioro named patrons of tho gume, we find the names of Lord Winchelsea, Lord Stiathaveu, and Sir P. Burrell. Their placo of meeting was tho Stat- and Garter, and their ground wns in Whito Conduit Fields. Ono of the attendants on this club, of tho namo of Lord, was persuaded to talco a ground, which ho did j and under the patronage of the old White Conduit Club, a new club, cnlled tho Marylebonu Club, was formed at Lord's ground, which was then situate on tho sito of tho presentDorset-squure. It would bo superfluous aa anything about tho Marylobono Club, as tho fact is notorious that the rules of tho Mtiryleboiic Club aro th» only rules recongiiised as uuthontio throughout tho world wherever cricket is played, aud that tho vory motiou of the ltitmo of tho club in connexion with anything said or dono in tho cricketing world is sufficient to stamp it as the right thing to say or do. -One« a Week. 