It was certainly not tlie conduct of gentlemen that the Argus designated "privileged ruffianism;" yet Mr Dill ' was handed over to the Sergeant-at- Arms and involved in expensive lepral proceedings. Mr M'Lellan implicates the entire Legislature in a charge of bribery and corruption, not substanti ating bis statement by one specific name or date ; yet be is not only not punished, but he is actually permitted to repeat the allegation with a brazen audacity that renders it the very \- acme of insolence. He is to move on . Thursday that the Victorian Legislature is not a "free Parliament," inasmuch as its members are corrupted by bankers, squatters, and tlieir ngents, and that the further enactment of laws by such a Legislature is dangerous to the liberties of tho pooplo ! Tlie " dove" has gathered courage from tlie impunity with which Par liament permits itself to ho libelled by its own members. What would be little short of high treason outside the sacred " precincts," is merely the exer cise of a "constitutional privilege" when spoken within ; and as it seems nobodys business in particular to defend the honour of Parliament when assailed by one of its own members, we are to have the degrading exhibition repeated, with a positive assuranco that on the next occasion we shall really and truly have "all the particulars." After eighteen months detectiveism, the solitary fact he had in support of his motion was the charge accidentally furnished by the unsophisticated Sin clair — but in two days more be promises to reveal the tmo ch am tier of horrors ! The real Parliamentary "ghost" is to be brought upon the stage, and the country equally horrified and edified by ' tho spectacle. The Assembly will yet bitterly repent having permitted this kind of tiling to proceed. It is to be presumed that no sane man would have advanced such charges without being able to substantiate them at a moment's no tice; and no doubt Mr M'Lellan would have been compelled to do so, or have been subjected to expulsion, but that the interest of the discussion was diverted from bis platitudes and con centrated upon the charge volunteered by the kindred spirit of North Mel bourne. Until the issue was decided between the member for the Wimmera and his accuser, it was scarcely com- netont for anv other member to movo in the matter, — and least of all for Mr. M'Lellan, who bad been defied to furnish proof of his allegations, but de clined, either through cowardice or obsiinacy, or, what is still more pro bable, through sheer incapacity to sub stantiate his slanders. To permit the reintroduction of his motion, couched in language still more derogatory to the character of the Legislature, is an ex tension of privilege for which the pub lic were unprepared. Is the charity of tlie House to its erring members equally illimitable as its privileges? It seemed a monstrous outrage upon Parliament for M'Lellan to make these charges, and' refuse to substan tiate them : but what are wo to . think of his being permitted to repeat them in language far stronger than the original indictment ! If there was any real ground ! for believing Parliament, or certain mem bers of it, corrupt, and this were an inquiry suggested by intelligent and unprejudiced men, the public would ap preciate the investigation. But wliut are the facts ? A disappointed patriot who has bad the ill-fortune not to be appreciated by an' party in the House — whose eminent intellectual gifts have not exposed him to temptation, at all events — continues for nearly two years a silent spectator of gross corruption in Parliament. He sees bill after bill carried, as he declares, through the corrupt influence of interested parties over members of the Assembly — yet he' never utters a syllable till the last month of the session. This pure patriot is a dumb witness of the infamous traffic in public affairs — he holds his peace until eighteen months after the transaction, and then only vents his bile upon what, after all, seem to be only the chimeras of a disordered stomach nnd brain. His moral tone seems to have revived in proportion to his physical disorganization ; and equally patriotic and dyspeptic, he de clares that the timo has come for de nouncing the traitors ! Suppose the M'Lellan Committee appointed, we now know the species of evidence upon which everybody would arraign every body else. If rumour be right, Mr'. Wilson is not the only gentleman virifli wltnm Afr Srv/T.ATTJ line had " misunderstandings " in the matter of contracts ; and he must be very innocent indeed who docs not believe that tlio charge ngainst the lion, member for the Wimmera will prove utterly groundless. Then tiipre is the gentleman who, in the secluded recesses of tho White Hart, confessed his impecuuiosity in tho hearing of a bloated aristocrat, who at once proffered a loan of money on the deposit of deeds. The obliging squatter was probably acting from pure honest good-nature in in giving; but the patriot received the money believing it to be tlie price of his vote. He took the money, but voted against the in terest of the friendly squatter. The squatter does not seem to have resented this treachery. The " patriot" has never been pressed for tlie loan ; but be threatens legal proceedings for the recovery of his deeds on tho ground of a fraudulent negotiation ! This highly moral and patriotic gentleman is one of tho leading scavengers de voted to the purification of Parlia ment! We trust this is the solitary instance of an individual prostituting his function as a member of Parlia ment by endeavouring to evade a legal obligation. It is a ludicrous illustration of Mr M'Lellan's in tellectual confusion to adduce it as an instance of corrupting the Legislature. No doubt all tlie scandal expended upon the Victorian and other associa tions is equally frivolous and menda cious. Tho public are utterly sick of seeing such rubbish foisted into the Legislature at a time when there is suclt urgent need of doing practical work. With characteristic cowardice, Mr. M'Lellan endeavours to wriggle out of having charged Parliament itself with corruption, yet be broadly insin uates that certain honourable members voted against their previous professions, and the implication is that they did so under corrupt pecuniary influences, — in fact, through the bribes of the Victorian Association. Let liim look at the Treasury benches and say : what lured Messrs. Heales, Verdon, Grant, and Sullivan, into the embrace of the - nnstoral ' party. Was there ever such iT'hotabiS instance of public men belying their cherished convictions nnd adopting, not only the policy, but tho identical measures they bad previously opposed ? Is it to be supposed thnt they also were corrupted by influences like those attri buted to the Victorian Association ? It is to bo regretted that die House have not exercised a firmer hand in dealing with this business ; and that the Government have laid themselves open to serious imputations by repudiating the responsibility of defending the character of Parliament. This, it would seem, is to be another " open question," and the Assembly, becoming the guardian of its own honour, will soon have an unmistakcable sinecure. It will be remembered that at the close of last session a sum of L2000 was vcted, on the motion of Mr. Denotan, for defraying tho expenses of an accurate survoy of the watershed of .the Coliban at Mslmesbury, with tho view to determining the practicability of constructing water works for tho supply of Castlemaine, Bendigo, and tlie inter-lying districts. The motion was met at tlie time with considerable opposition by certain pseudo economists, but common sense triumphed, and tho money was, as we said, granted accord ingly. Very little time was lost in applying the vote, and tlie Government of tho day having called for suggestions and tenders from civil engineers, finally accepted the proposal of Mr. Joseph Brady, whose professional ability has been well tried both in Now South Wales and Victoria. Since that time the public have beard very little of the progress of this most interesting work. But we are enabled to state that — the survey itself having been completed some time since — Mr. Brady will in a few days have finished liiti uuiuuruic aim viuuuuiu jmuia upun which lie is now engaged, and that the results of his examinations surpass even the sanguine expectations of those who first proposed the scheme. We, of course, are not in a position to forestall Mr. Brady's report, beyond making the general statement that it has been proved by careful examinations that, with a comparatively small expenditure, a magnificent reservoir may be con structed at a commanding level. The large storage capacity of the proposed reservoir may be inferred front the fact that the impounded water would be thrown back a distance of about three miles from the bye-wash level at the dam bank — this, too, without interfering with existing water rights (for there are such tilings as " water rights " on the goldfields generally, the Com missioners' report notwithstanding), and also without locking up any con siderable extent of unalienated land. However, all these items of detail will, no doubt, be read with much interest when the report of Mr. Brady shall have been published. The "vexed question" of water supply for the goldfields is generally regarded by the bulk of the public as a very "dry" subject, or at least as one which involves too many scientific con siderations to render it tempting pa lu- luvi for hungry politicians to wrangle over. No one pretends to deny tho importance of providing a constant and sufficient supply of water for mining purposes ; but few public men have yet iiad the boldness to put the question forward as one of the highest national significance. If indeed some have attempted to do so, they have in all cases been frightened by the scarecrow of L. s. d. which the Treasurer has set up ; and becoming gradually dispirited by tho tacit opposition of those who have pretended to agree with them, have at length given way to the vis inertia of the political forces generally. Even the goldfields' members, as indi viduals, seem to have tabooed the sub ject ; and mining constituencies have, at last, grown tired ot putting ques tions there- anent to candidates on the hustings. The Press, also, of the colony appear to shy the water ques tion, — except so far as concerns occa- Sionill I UIl 1 Udll lUILlUIJb irtlllLcbj liliU although now and again public writers may generalise on tho abstract ques tion, the matter lias never been pur sued practically, and with such earnestness as it undoubtedly claims. We are by no means prepared to say that the construction of gigantic water works — such as the Coliban project promises to be — is the exclusive duty ol tlie State. Nor do we imagine that, if it were ""the community would stand much chance of profiting by its fulfillment. But, wo do urge, that it is incumbent on the Legislature to encourage the development of this all-important re source by every possible means — even to tho extent of subsidising public companies, or guaranteeing interest on capital invested — and that it is suicidal to allow political bickerings to interpose between the mining interest, languish ing, and the " perfect cure" — which is altogether hydropathic, and therefore simple. To quote the ' latest authority,' this is what the Royal Mining Com missioners say in their report, touching water- supply for the golafields : — " It " would bo difficult to over-estimate " the importance of a constant and " sufficient water-supply for tlie gold- " fields. Almost ever since the gold " discovery we have been accustomed in " the dry season of the year, to read in " the reports from some of the goldfields " announcements to the effect that the " operations of tlie miners on those " gold fields had been brought to a " stand-still for want of water, or that ."they 'were compelled to cart their " wash-dirt to some creek or waterhole " some miles distant, at an expense " which left them very little profit for " their labour. No one can. doubt that " if in previous years tlie Government " had undertaken, or luul sufficiently " encouraged capitalists to undertake, ",to supply the miners with water, the " produce of our gold fields would " liave been very much greater than it " has been, and that any outlay in- " curred by the Government or others " for such a purpose would have been " refunded, with liberal interest, by " the rates which might have been " chnrged to the miners, and which they ft w'Gilld no doubt cheerfully hav paid." We accept this opinion of the mining commission as being woll grounded upon the evidence brought before them, nnd we endorse it moreover, as agreeing entirely with our ownjudgment. Now, it is certainly not too much to require of the Legislature, that if when Mr. Brady's report of tlie Coliban water works survey Las been placed before Parliament, it is found that the feasibility of storing and utilising an almost inexhaustible supply for tlie Castlemaine and Sandhurst districts lias been satisfactorily demonstrated, n similar investigation should be made for the benefit of all other goldfields. Sooner or later this must be done ; and delay will in the end prove to be but false economy. For we firmly believe that there is 110 one description of enter prise which would more certainly become remunerative, or which would more speedily excite an impetus through out all the various branches of industry, then tlio carrying out of extensive schemes for the supply of water in all parts of the coleny wherever it can bo made available — whether for the pur pose of mining, for irrigation, or for motive power in convenient localities. But with respect, more especially to the making, at the present time of the general surveys, we bare suggested, it must be borne in mind tbat much ex pense and confusion would hereafter be avoided, if in alienating crown land the Government were acquainted with tlie several sites required for water works. These sites being permanently reserved ; the value of agricultural land through which water courses were marked would becomo considerably en hanced, and the land be thus more likely to meet with genuine purchasers. The "corruption of members" question wns again raised in the Legislative Assembly yester day, by Sir A. J. Smith, who asked tho Chief Secretary what course the Government intended to adopt with regard to the charges brought by Mr M'Lellan against the members of the House. Mr M'Cullcch, in reply, stated that thequesioa was not one in which the Government could Interfere, and thnt therefore no action would be taken. After some discussion, Mr M'Lellan gave notice of a motion for Thursday next, ex pressing an opinion that a " free Pnrliament " in Victoria " existed only In name," and that no further legislation should take place until the Parliament had been "purilied." Tho motion was received with laughter. Tlie lion, member for Dnlhousie (Mr. Snod- grass), brought forward his motion on tlie pension qaestion yesterday evening, charging the late Government with framing regulations not in accordance with the conditions of tho Constitution statute. A prolonged debate ensued, in which the lending members on both sides of the House took part, the previous ques tion being moved by Mr Haines. "Whilst holding different opinions as to the policy of granting pensions, every speaker concurred in maintaining the legality of the regulations. The motion was finally withdrawn, and an amend ment proposed by Mr. Mollison — to tlie effect that tlie question of the legality of tlie regula tions should be brought uudor the review of the Supreme Court — wns carried. A Bill to amend the Electoral Act was read a second time in ilic Legislative Assembly yester day, and passed through committee without any material alteration. Mr Iliginbotlinm iu moving tho second rending, gave no further explanation of the provisions of the measure than ho9 already been made. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the second reading of the Land Act Amendment Bill was postponed until to-day. Some discussion took place on an amendment for an adjournment until Friday, which proposition was not acceded to on the part of the Government. Tlie total quantity of lnnd reserved since tlie Ian 1 act came into operation, has been for ec clesiastical purposes, 204 acres ; for cemeteries, 474 acres ; for municipal purposes, 32 acres ; for parks, recreation grounds, and gnrdens, 3239 acres ; for schools, 05 acres ; lor police, 208 acres ; for aborigines, 5401 ; for public buildings, 2727 acres; aud for timber reserves, 39,401. From a return laid upon the table of tlie Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr Francis, it appears that during tlie month 0 i Juno, 4602 persons arrived in tlio colony, of whom 3107 name from the United Kingdom; during the same period, 1038 persons left, of whom 7G5 sailed for New Zealand. The total number of souls sent for under the passage warrant regula tions, was 542, of whom 334 wore natives of Ireland. The polling (or Mandurang takes place to day. Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., has commenced an action against the Geciong Chronicle — the ground of which is on article in tlie Chronicle charging the honourable member whh having, during tlio last election, induced a number of men at Burrabool to personate absent voters. It appears from a parliamentary return, that the Melbourne University costs the state an nually, L9000. - Tlio totel number of studcuts matriculated nnd non- matriculntcd, was in 1858, 45; in 1859, 07; in 1800, 70; in 1801,110; 18G2, 102; and in 1863, 105. Important regulations affecting immigrants, just issued by the Customs Deportment, will be found in another column. In tlie Legislative Council, yesterday, of the three noticos of motion standing in the name of Mr Degraves, two were withdrawn, and- tlie third relating to the title of " honourable," assumed by retired responsible Ministers carried. Mr. Cole's motion for a committee to prepare an address on the subject of fo: till cations, was also agreed to. Several bills were received from the Legislative Assembly and rend a first time. The Supreme Court Bill was read a third time and passed. The Corporations Act Amendment Bill was also passed through committee. A meeting was held in the Insolvent Court yesterday, in tho estate of Mr J. F. Hartley, barrister-at-iaw. The insolvent did not attend, nnd only one of his creditors appeared to prove a claim. The adjourned annual meeting of tlie Licensed Victuallers Society will bo held this afternoon at tlie Excelsior, for the purposo of electing office bearers for the ensuing year. Melbourne will havo to look to its laurels if it desires to eclipse Boilaarat in doing honour to Sir Henry Bnrkly. According to tlio Star, " the forthcoming banquet to his Excellency the Go vernor bids fair to bo the most emplintle demon stration of tlie kind ever occurring in Ballaarat. In order to moke the expression of public feeling as general as possible, and at the same time compatible with tlie limited though large dimen sions of the Mechanics' Ilnll, the local committee has invited tlie co-operation of the public bodies throughout Ballaarat and its vicinity, so that the entire district may bo fully represented on an occasion when it is safely assumed that thero will be an enthusiastic expression of personal Tcgard for his Excellency, and confidence in his past administration. For this purpose, the sec retary, under tlie direction of tho committee, lins communicated with the municipal councils of Bnllaarat West, Ballaarat East, Bunin'yong, Creswick, Smythcsdalo, dunes, and Browns and Scarsdale ; tlie District Road Boards of Ballaarat, Buuinyong, Creswick, Carngham, Beaufort and Carugliam, Lcxton, Linton, and Bungarce ; the various lodges of Oddfellows and Foresters ; the fire brigades of Ballaarat West, Ballaarat, Creswick and Smythesdole ; the Ballaarat Dis trict Troopof the Prince of Wales' Regiment of victoria Vpluntccr Light Horse, cwd thc Ballaa- rat Volunteer Rnngcis. The whole of the ordinary visitors, we believe, will be desired to nppcir in ordinary evening costume, which, relieved nnd diversified by tlie more showy uniforms of the volunteer corps, will, no doubt, present along with an overflowing attendance, a most striking effect." The fancy dress bnll, which is to be given by His Worship the Mayor, in the Exhibition Building, on the 27th instant, is nt present creating no little sensation. The windows cf the various tailors shops in the city are crowded witli plates uf fancy costume of every reign and period. The hall is likewise tlie topic of con versation in all circles. The -Mayor wishes it to he distinctly intimated, that all persons who have accepted invitations, will be expected to appear in some fancy costume, and that black evening dress will not he countenanced, neither are Volunteer uniforms considered in tlie light of fancy dress, Tlie great object which tlie Mayor lias in view in giving this hall, is for the benefit of trade, and therefore, it is to be hoped, that on this occnsion, everyone will endeavor to carry out the object in view. The following iinportnnt clinnges in the traffic arrangements of tlie Railway Department have just been announced : — On nnd after tho 10th of August, timber from Melbourne to Geciong nnd Ballaarat, and from Gceiong to Ballaarat, will he calculated nt sixty feet to tlie ton, instead of fifty feet as nt present. Also after tlio above dntc, tiic rates for lignite from Lai Lai will be as fellows, viz. : — To Ballanrat, 20s ptr truck ; to Geciong, 20s per truck ; and to Melbourne, 25s per truck. Mr Batclicid' r, of Pall Mall, Sandhurst, hns In his possession two very extraordinary speci mens of photography, which lie lies received from tlie United Stares. Tlie photographic pictures coutniu likenesses in tlie ordinary man ner, while in tlie baclt ground Is seen tlie dim outline of a second totally different figure. " It is said," observes the Bcudigo Advertiser, " that the second figure is produced by the nid of ' spiri tualism,' in the following manner: — The photo grapher of 1 he portraits is a thorough spiritualist, and it is said, when in the act of photographing the likeness of a sitter, if the latter expresses a wish for the presence of any living or dead rela tive, or acquaintance, the spiritualist operator produces the shadow outline in the back ground of ti e picture, by tlie act of placing his band on tlie camera during the seconds required for the ordinary operation. It appears Hint the operator of tiiis spiritual photography lias amassed a for tune by his discovery ; whether it is tho effect of spiritualism, or produced by concealed confede racy, the most astute photographers havo been unable to detect." The Gceiong Advertiser takes what is at all events a novel view of the Polish question. " While we cannot but sympathise with the Poles," says our contemporary, " we must say that attempts to get up wars of races are generally not deserving of tlie support they receive. 1 1 is, to say tho least of it, inconsistent in one brcatli to denounce the dismemberment of Poland, and in the mxt to demand the dismemberment of Austria, Prussia, or Russia. Poland itself was n composite kingdom with a fluctuating frontier, and mude up of component parts but loosely united. The war, it is to be hoped, will result in tlie redress of actual wrongs, but we have little sympathy witli tlie sickly sentimen tality and twadfio about resuscitating extinct nationalities, which did not know how to manage their own affairs when they had the chance. If England wants to give effect to the national rcsuscitative doctrine, she will And enough to do withiut going to Poland. The wrongs of Ire land are not yet all redressed. If Scotland wcro polled, who knows hut thnt a majority might declare for an independent career? Why should not the native princes of Iudia he restored to their ancient thronc3 ? And, to come a little nearer our own doors, why should the Maori King he denounced as a traitor ? Tlie restoration of Poland is a dream which will never be realised, unless some political seiiemer in France or England tees his way to make political capital for himself out of it." In the absence of news, the Melbourne correspondent of tlie Star furnishes what seems to be merely a morsel of unfounded scandal " Some excitement nnd curiosity," lie says, " have been occasioned by the report of an elopement of a married lady with a gallant captain of volunteers, sail to have taken place on Sunday night, at which time tlio enamoured lady aud tlie gay Lothario made off, under the pretcnco of an eveuing's wnlk for the benefit of their constitutions, or a visit to a neighbouring church for the improvement of their spiritual welfare. As the lady and gentleman are will known among what Mr Francis described as the ' upper crust ' of society, no doubt tlie affair will create a good deal of interest, ii true. Unfortunately for the scandal- loving public, I am informed on tlie very best authority that the little affair did not come off, but the very christian and charitably-disposed public insist that ' there must be something in it.' " At tlie City Court, yesterday, the two boys Anstice and Copas, charged with robbing the store of Messrs Harris and Ilcymanson, in Flinders lane, wore committed for trial, while Hugh O'Connor, nnd his brother, were dis- L charged, ns tiic evidence ngainst tlicin was in- sufiicienl. John Cox was committed for trud on a charge of robbing Frederick Lawrence, by cutting offhis pocket. Several ether cases were disposed of, but they continued nothing of interest. Ballaarat is tiic first to take a practical step ngainst tlie ticket-of-leave system. At a meel- iugrof the Western' Council, on Monday, Councillor "Duncan adduced some statistics to show the number of ticket-of-leave men dis charged from tlie penal department during the lost seven months. These, lie had learned from a trustworthy source, amounted lo 82. He con cluded by proposing a resoluticn colling upon the Government to put an end to this system, which Councillor Campbell called a burlesque on justice, as it was well known that criminals sentenced to five years' imprisonment by the judges had been liberated after serving three years. The Council unanimously agreed to the resolution. Mr James Smith, tlie Parliamentary librarian, delivered a very interesting lecture to tlie in- mattesof the Benevolent Asylum, nt tho insti tution, on Monday evening lost, — Mr Thomas Dickson in tho chair. Tlie dining hall was crowded, and Mr Smith kept up tlie amusement and interest of his audience by his subject, viz., " Wit and Humour." At (lie close of the ad dress, an inmate of tlie institution moved a vote of thanks to Mr Smith, observing that the i 1- stanccs of wit and humour adduced from the sayings of Sydney Smith, Swift, Dickens, and others, had furnished tlie cue whereby many of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum would be enabled to while awny and relieve a monoton ous hour. The motion was seconded, and carried unanimously. Tlie chairman announced that the next lecture would be delivered by Dr Eades, on tlie suhject of " Sympathy," in tho course of ten days. Two petty robberies from dwellings during Monday night were reported to the police yes terday. The shop of one Henry M'Grotty, Erroll etrcet, Uothain, wns entered about half- past eight o, clock, during the temporary absence of the Inmates, nnd sundry articles of clothing enrried off. The mnn was seen leaving the place with tho clothes under his arm by some neigh bours; lie had effected his entiaucc by the back door. Somewhat later, between half-past ten 0 clock and eight o'clock the following morning, sundry linen, blankets, nnd under clotiiing, were stolen from tlie lauudry attached to the dwelling of Mrs Griffith on tlie Dandenong Road. An entrance was made through tlie window, which unfortunately had been left unfastened. Information was yesterday received by the police of a case of pocket picking in a ciiurc.h on Sunday evening last. Mrs Belinda Hiath, on whom the offence was committed, states that a large crochet purse, containing two one pound notes, three sovereigns, a gold chain, a gi Id ring, a small leather bag containing some gold nuggets, an old gold keeper, and a gentleman's gold ring, In all valued at about L10, was taken | from her pocket whilst In tlie Wesley an Church, Brunswick street, Fltzroy. Mrs Iliath sus pects a man who sat beside her ; a partial description of him is in the hands of the plicc. 