SHIPPING: ARRIVALS. August I0.-Rose, schooner. 50 tons, Captain J. Lane, from Newcastle. H. S. Grenfell, agent. August 11.-Grafton, steamer, 240 tons, Cap- tain Maldes, from Grafton. Passengers-Mrs. Collins, Mrs. Benson, .Mrs. Wilson, Misses Wil- son (2), Masters Wilson (2), Messrs. Walker, Barker, and two in the steerage. IMPORTS. lloso: 217 bags maize, 85 bags flour, 50 boxes soap, 120 boxes candles, bl bngs bran, 3S pieces bacon, 247 cheeses, 3 hogsheads beef, 1 hogshead pork, 3 cases eggs, H. S. Grenfell. Grafton : 898 bags maize, 4 boxes eggs, 1 coop fowls, 1 case, Captain Maidcs; 40 bags maize, Mann ; 274 bags maize, 30 boxes soap, 10 boxes candles, 1 bag bacon, J. and C. Harris; 63 bags maize, T. Unmnck i 2 casos 1 bag bacon, 2 boxes eggs, 17 hoses candles, 29 bugs maize, II. S. Grenfell; 3 bundles bacon, 1 coop geese, Hickey. Ipswich Steamer.-The Ipswich will leave the A.S.N. Company's wharf at 6 a.m this day, and to-morrow, the Bremer will leave Harris' wharf at 6.30 a.m. The steamer Settler will proceed to the Bay, at 7 o'clock, this morning, to bring up the passengers from the German immigrant ships Alster and La Rochelle. The steamer Samson did not proceed to Mary- borough and Gladstone yesterday. afternoon, as announced, but she will leave for those places at 3.30 p.m. this day. Her departure was postponed at the request of a number of intending passengers who wished to proceed to the north by her, but who were unable to leave Brisbane before to-day. The steamer Yarra Yarra will leave for Sydney at 5 p.m. this day. We are informed that Captain Jackson of the steamer Settler has made an application to the government for the lease of a piece of .land situated on the bank of the river suitable for the purposes of a slip for repairing vessels. If his application be granted he will im- mediately construct a slip of sufficient size to raise vessels of not more than twelve feet draught of water. Some such convenience has long been wanted, and we have, on a previous occasion, drawn attention to this fact. We hope, therefore, that Captain Jackson will be able to carry out his views, and that the enterprise will meet with the support of those connected with our shipping in- terest. The Grafton, steamer, Captain Maldes, crossed the Clarence Uiver bar on Sunday last at 1*30 p.m., and carno to an anchor aider Moreton Island on Monday nt 0 p.m. At 8 o'clock on the follow- ing morning she got underwelgb, but again brought up nt the river bar at noon. She crossed the bar nt 6-30 p.'ni. un thc same day, and arrived nt Harris' wharf at about 9 o'cloek'lnst evening. During the passage she .experienced moderate and variable breezes to Point Danger, and thence to Cape Moreton strong southerly winds with thick rainy weather. The Eagle, steamer, bound northwards, passed Moreton Island at 6 p.m. on Monday last. With reference lo the statement made in the Legislative Assembly, by the Colonial Treasurer, a few evening's since, that no more than eighteen large vessels had taken pilots during 1863, we may mention that we have since made enquiries and find the assertion of the hon. member to be incorrect. During the first half of the present year no less than twenty-one vessels, from Euro- pean ports, have taken pilots inwards, and sixteen have taken pilots outwards. In addition to these thirty-live colonial vessels have taken pilots in- wards, and more than twenty-five have taken pilots outwards. The subjoined is a list of vessels which have taken pilots inwards and outwards since the 1st of January last. Vessels inwards :- Roderick Dhu, schooener; Rebecca, barque ;Flying Cloud, ship; Reindeer, ketch; Mary Ann, schooner; Wanata, ship; Everton, ship ; Wild Wave, ketch ; Star of Australia, steamer; Ocean Chief, ship: Golden City, ship; Mary and Agnes, barque; Clarendon, brig ; Gratton, steamer j Colchester, brig; An- tagonist, barque; Dauntless, ketch ; Star of Aus- tralia, steamer ; Cesar Godeffroy, ship ; Bonnie Doon, barque ; Ililander, schooner ; Queen of the Colonies shin; Dunedin, barque; Boomerang, steamer; Star of Australia, steamer; Grafton, steamer; Warren.Hastings, barque j Harriett, schoonor; Melanie, schooner; Callender, brig j Jane, schooner; Settler, steamer; Light Brigade, ship; Grafton, steamer; Golden Da-run, ship; Post Boy, schooner ; Grafton, steamer; Redbank, steamer; Cornwallis, barque; Mermaid, cutter; Rhondda, schooner; Hannah More, ship: Ham- let's Ghost, schooner; Cairngorm, ship; Rebecca, schooner; Tex, schooner ; Rebecca, barque; Montmorency, ship; Yarra, schooner; Beejnpore, ship; HickliU', barque; David M'Ivor,~sliip; Golden Empire, ship; Young Australia, ship; ha Rochelle, ship; Alster, barque. Vessels out ¦v minn;?«mp--?-'tret-air?tfilterp- "-"snip-;-'Ubmr Howe, barque; Sultana, ship; Jane Sommer- ville, schooner; Roderick Dhu, fchooncr ; Whirl- wind, ship; Conway, ship; Duke of Newcastle, ship; Rebecca, barque; Mary Ann, schooner; Wansfell, ship; Stnr of Australia, steamer; Graf- ton, steamer; Star or Australia, steamer: Hose, schooner; Colchester, brig; Ocean Chief, ship; Clarendon, brig; Boomerang, steamer; Bonnie Doon, barque; Wanata, ship: Cesar Godeffroy, ship; Grafton, 6teamer; jMary nnd Agnes, barque; Dunedin, barque; Antagonist, barque; Melanie, schooner; Golden City, ship; Warren Hastings, barque; Callender, brig ; Uncle Toni, schooner; Flying Cloud, ship; Post Boy, schooner; Grafton, steamer; Queen of the Colo- nies, ship; Light Brigade, ship; Rebecca, schooner; Rebecca, barque; Fox, schooner j In the above list the names of some vessels appear more than one?, which, of coursp, Isdicntes that those ships have taken a pilot on each occasion. The Virginia.-This vessel, commanded by Captain Lewis, one of the Mersey line of Austra- lian Packets, belonging to Messrs. Dickson nnd Wyne, was towed into this port by the steamer Diamantina yesterday. She is from Liverpool, and has had a rather protracted passage of 116 days, which is owing to having experienced a suc- cession of baffling winds the first part of the pas- sage. She crossed the equator on the thirty-se- cond day out, passed the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope on the 5ih July, and ran down her easting in 48 degrees; passed Kent's Group on the 2nd Instant. On the 23rd May, when opposite Bahia, she received an unexpected visit from the far-famed Confederate ship destroyer Alabama. An officer boarded the ship, and demanded the In- spection of her papers, after which she was allowed to proceed on her voyage. Previously the British ensign was hoisted, and the inspection was made only as a matter of form; but no doubt disap pointed the Confederate. The officer, on being questioned, reported that she had captured up- wards of fifty prizes. After leaving, the steamer steered north, receiving cheers for an early prize of her own class. A melancholy occurrence took place after the vessel passed through Bass' Straits. She encountered a severe gale, and was running under close- reefed sails, when a heavy sea was shipped over the port bow which carried one of the hands overboard. There was not the slightest chance of saving the unfortunate man, as the ves- sel was making great progress through the water. Several of the crew were severely injured, but are now quite out of danger.-' Empire,' August 7. 