MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The annual weeHng of tho New South Wnlcs Ancillary t') tLe London MifBiMiiry Sooiety wri held on Monday oveniug in the CoEgrc^btif nal Cburch, I'tti-frin ct. Tbo chnir w.w lahbti lj M». Jonjjh ThoDiffftn. Thnb.djuf jbt- church vas Vr*- !l flllcJ, anti t-omo of ihe fCAtB iu the palltuv v.-cro alfo occupied. On the platform ue ^bm.rved the i : »-v. Dr. Turcrr, tie Bcv. J. M'Gregor Mills tbe liev J. Kin^. tLu litv. A. W. Muiray, and tho llt-v. S. J. Whi^iueo (tiiiht-ionarice for Samoa), the Rev. W. M luijre, the Rov. w . Slaijcr, tbe Kuv. A. Thomson, the Kev. C Pitiuan, Ibe Key, A. Buz^cott, tbe Rev, A. Oosinan, and the Rev. Air. Jenkins (uiisbionary from India). there wera also ?usmt the lUv. T. Johnnon, Mr. D. Jones, Mr. John 'aiifax, Dr. Jcrop, and a miuiber of other gentleinon who lake a deep initrt&t; in tbe caugo of wibbions. Alter fingiijgend prnytr, The Chairman said he woald not oco^py tbe timoof tho meeting by any remarks of liis own. There wero on the plutfortn gentlemen who bad vit-ited the mi^eion fields in iLic t'outh Bea, and others whose speeches would be listened to v-ilh plt-ufcuie by all present, lie would therefore at once caU u^un -ke secretary to read the loport. Mr. N. 11. i'AUAii read Ihe fi Mowing roj-ort : NIST1I liuroEr. Tbe committee of the New South Wales Auxiliary; to the T.orOon MiBhlormy bocicty have much plpnsiirein meeting tb« lr fiititdp, in agreement 'wiib the rules, at a time when the mission ary tb-p is in Sydney, and when honoured missionary brethren are picetnt to give additional internet to tiie proceedings. biuec our luBt meeting, tho parent society httB celebrated its eixty-ninth unuivereary, and the director?, alter a comprehensive ruvit w of tbe cfl'orte put forth and the labours accomplished during the year, find additional reasons for increasing energy in earning on the work of faith in 6Ueb parts of the earth as they are permitted to occupy. From the very copious and able report, an abstract of wbich was read at the meeting held in London on tbe 14th May, lbC3, tbe following information has been ex tracted : — The number of tho society's missionaries has been reduced by seven— two brethren having died, and hve having retired, com pelled by the utter failure of health. This deficiency has been supplied by on equal number added to the list uf activc agents, tbrc-c of whom «c ure permitted to sec amongst us on this occa sion, and to blisBtbcruBB those who come in the name of the Lord. The missionaries now uciuttlly engaged arc, in the West Indicp, twenty-onc; South Africa, thirty-eight; China, seventeen; India, sixty ; Wadagutcar, 6ix ; and Polynesia, twenty-eight : — together one hundred and seventy. To these will be added during tbo year four to Madagascar, three to China, two to Jamaica, and at least two to Brititli India, The number of native ccnvcited Christians acting ub evangelists, teachers, and catechols cannot be slated with accuracy, on tag to the irregular receipt of the various reports to be gathered from tuch distant places ; but they are known to exceed 700, and are believed to be not far short of 600. 1 bo number of the society's students in England preparing for missionary work is forty, und tbe directors are receiving offers of service from devoted Christian young men, some of whom they hope to be able to acccpt* The income for 1862-63 for ordinary purposes was . £52,170 1G 7 „ Special objects ... 29,75} 1G 1 Together ... ... ... ... £81,924 13 8 The disbursements have been ... ... ...£78,702 S 0 The items of ordinary incomc are somewhat less than those of the preceding year, but the directors remark that it must be attributed to the pressure of (home) claims that could not and ought not to be neglected. They point out with satisfaction tbat the contribntione from tbe mistknary stations themselves arc £l6t735 17s. Gd., and arc £1787 10s. dd. more than those of 1861-2, West Indies. The religious revival by which the Churches of Jamaica were ?visited in the autumn of 18G1 and the early part of last ycar» may r.ow be estimated by its actual results ; and although, as in all such visitations, there were many things to lament and condemn, and although numbers, influenced only by the general excite ment of tbe hour, have grown cold and careless, yet our rnie fionaries deliberately regard it as tbe work of God, and rejoice in the shower of blessings lie then poured out upon their Churches, from which they arc now gather ing|mucb precious fruit. In British Guiana there are twenty-four stations, which may, with very few exceptions, be faithfully described as prosperous, notwitbstandiogthat they are subject to great disadvantages ia the support of their schools. In boutli Africa the mixtion stations in common with tbe entire population, have suffered from the eflVcta of long contiuucd drought. This has tried, but not seriously injured, romc ofthe churchc6 within the bounds of the Cape Colony, who are ftill regarded as the children of tbe society, and in their need will be cared for as such. The Kuruman mission is in a hopeful and im proving state, rewarding the missionaries with fruit for their labours. The infoimation from the mission to the Matabele is limited, but by no means £itcouraging, and affords tbe assurance that though cur brethren have hitherto sown in tcare, tbey will hereafter reap in joy. There is also every prospect of a renewal of the mUsion to the Mukololo, their chief bckelctu being again willing to receive missionaries. In China the agents of the socicty occupy 6tationB in Hongkong, Canton, Amoy, bhangbai, Hankow, Tientsin, and Pekin, ut all of which steady progress is reported, and much ppiritual seed, being sown. SatifJ'actory eases of conversion are quoted from each place, and the directors are specially enabled to rejoice— that within a year—with limited opportunities of direct Christian teaching God baa graciously honoured our brethren as the founders of tho first Protestant Church in Pekin, the capital of China, India. It is a most encouraging fact, that by the power of Divine grace the additions to the Indian cburchce are annually in creasing. Although the difficulties to the diffusion of the Gospel in India perhaps exceed those of any other pagan land, yet many formidable obstructions te missionary labour existing in former times have well nigh passed away. Native congregations will assemble and listen attentively to ttic word of life, not only from the lips of a European tabib, but when spoken by one of themselves who has forsaken the gods of bis country, and em braced the new faith If questions are asked, it is rather in the Fpiiit of inquiry than objectiou ; an1 when some haughty Brahmin, who seeks to silcnce the Christian teacher, is himself silenced, the people rejoice at his defeat. Among thousands and tens cf thousands of the diSercnt nations of India, not only are the doctrines and facts of Christianity to a great extent under stood, but its infinite sup:riority to every hindoo system is admitted ; and, while tbey still adhere to tne gods of their fore fathers, and observe tbe customs of their people, tbey look for w ard to tne day when the idols of India shall be utterly abolished, and the triumphs of Christianity become universal. In every sphere of missionary effort the necessity of native sgt-ncy is self evident, but to none does this apply with greater foice than to India. It is, therefore, one of the most hopeful signs of the times, that in tbat vast region of heathen darkness the number of native evangelists suiiably prepared for the work is constantly multiplying. ' Madagascar. j Tbe distinguishing feature of the parent society's Fixty-oighth report was tbe re-opening of Madagascar to the missionaries of Christ, The hopes that were then cherished, and the prospects then dawning have induced the directors to strengthen the mitsion by sending four more labourers who were to leave England in June this year. The Rev. Mr. Ellis having obtained from the King a document to the effect tbat the places where, during the last twenty-six years, tbe martyrs had suffered, ehould be reserved as sites for memorial churches ; urged the crection of these churches, estimating their probable co6t at ten thousand pounds, and tbe directors l'clt tbat they had no choice but to submit the case to the consideration of their constituents. The result «f applications to a limited number of friends excceds &UG0;, and the juvenile friend6 have in addition raised a fund of upwards of £2250, But the state of Madagascar has touched a chord in other Christian breasts. The Bishop of Mauritius, in Juse 1862, visited that inland, and the result of his intercourse with Mr. Ellis, which was of the most kind and fraternal character, is that under tbe auepiccs of the Church Missionary Society, and Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, two devoted missionaries have been sent to occupy some of the wide fields of ignorance and heathenism yet uncultivated there, without collision or inter ference w ith the agent6 of the London Missionary Society. The Norwegian Missionary Eociety have also solicited the directors to point out a suitable spot in Madagascar, where a Norwegian missionary may be located, who should work in a spirit of cordial co-operation. In contrast with theee fricndlyfproceedings, efforts are being made to form a new society under the highest ecclesiastical patronage to send out a bishop and -»ix missionary clergymen to Madagascar to occupy the capital as the basis and centre of their operations. That spot where, before the year closes, tbe London Missionary Society will have twelve agents. The directors have not failed', respectfully but firmly, to remonstrate against this encroachment ou ground already occupied, while in other parts of the island the wants of nearly five millions of souls require supplying. But while our parent society was thu6 maturing plans of more extended usefulness, a heavy blow has descended upon the Mada gascar mission. A political revolution has overthrown Raditna, the King, whose favour facilitated the rc-opening of civilizing intercourse. He has been put to death with some of his minis ters, and the representatives of Foreign Powers as well as the missionaries have deemed it prudent to quit the capital. Com plete information has not been received, but it is believed that the revolution is more political than religious— that the evident benefits attendant upon intercourse with Europeans will not lightly be cast away by the Hovas ; and it is hoped that the con ditions of such intercourse may be settled upon a basis recognised by all their parties, rather than be dependant upon the goodwill of any one man. Meanwhile it becomes all Christians to plead more earnestly for Madagascar, that a copious outpouring of sus taining graco may be vouchsafed to her— that the churches there may be enabled with all patience to endure, as being made per fect through suffering. Polynesia. From all those islands in Polynesia in which the earlier efforts ef our society were made, the missionary ship brings good tidings. It would occupy too much time to recount a li'be of the wonders God hath wrought, and how the churchcs walking in tne fear of God and the comfort of the Holy Ghost are multiplied- Our worthy brother the Kev. Dr. Turner, now sojourning with us on his return to Samoa, can better dcclarc whut he hath seen and known, With him arc travelling, to strengthen that mission, MeEsr6* J, M. Mills. 6. J. Whitmee, and J, King, younger brethren who, with thoir dear wives, arc prepared to take up the work as tbe fathers fall asleep, and who art; entitled to our wannest sympathies and earnest prayers for eucccss in the glorious work they have undertaken. The Ltcv. a. W. Murray also returns to tbe scene of his former labours at Samoa. During his retidence in thiB colony health has been restored to himself and wife. Mr. Murray is anxious to return te the mission-field, where bis heart is, and where past success affords tbe best evi dence of his adaptation for that service. In this resolve he is fortified by the approbation of his ministerial brethren. In 'Western Polynesia, where European missionaries have entered upon the work more ' recently, tbe amount of succiss already excceds the expectations of the labourers, owing. In a great measure tinder God, to the pioneer working of native teachers. The progress of the society's Polynesian missions supplies the clearest and most impressive cvidenco both o. the necessity of native agentB and the value of their labours. They ore the intrepid and fear less pioneers of tne white teacher, facing dangers which to bim would prove fatal, and preparing the blood-thirsty heathen savage to give him welcome and honour as the messenger of Christ. But, on tbe other hand, the European agent is no less essential in carrying out the great enterprise, by sclectlog for tho work of the ministry converts of tried Christian character and mental capacity, and by placing them under such a course of mental and moral training, combined with biblical and theological study, as Ib requisite to qualify thera to become pastors and teachers of the native churches, and missionaries of Christ to the unenlightened heathen. The friends of tho society will, there fore, be gratified with the number of native students in the several institutions in Eastern Polynesia On the Island of Tahaa (Society Group), under the superintendence of Rev. J. L. Greon ? 36 students. On the Island of Rarotonga (Hervey Group), under the superintendence of Rev. E. It, W. Krause ... 19 On the Island of Upolu (Samoan Group), under the superintendence of Rev. H« Nisbet ? 88 t) Total ? ? 183 Twelve of the students in the institution at Tahaa are natives of Tahiti, who will, on the oompletton of their course, return to that island and become ministers and evangelists among their Protestant countrymen ; and the value of such a provision for tbo Tahltlan churches cannot be over The Rev* Wi G. Lawes, who passed through Sydney a little orer two years ago, and who is the tint European missionary stbilnnt-d on Pavapc lrlaxid, reports tbat tbeto is now not n single pioftfFcrt heathen on that Ir-lnnd, which blrsscd change has, through the Holy Spirit's inJluence, been ejected by the agency of Kunioati native ttuchers. Wen, of tlic Lo-uliy group of inland*, bus had the bouefitof lmtivi- tmrlius for i.r.onl fix utid is now yi;Hini:i!.r for a w hi -? illicit limy. To iln l limn interesting ppot thf Kov. Mr. Irvir.e, villi Mb pood lfirty, l-ave licpn appointed, Mr. Irvlae is di /i i Alt/;bMm-i' )-y but expected I » j^in t)»« u.uiii/niiiy Mm 1 In lute iis di piirtuiu Our dear fiicmls tlic ltcv. M-»ms JotHBtii.d Cicuish, uttiuctcd by tho interest thev felt in this cphitubl piopms vl' tiie i.ativu of Wen, lmvc, at different tirms, -ifrit-d tLatii- lund, traversing the distance front Mare, about ninety milep, in on open bunt. To iltir testimony wc add that of the ltcv. William |\Vyatt Gill, who, writing from on board the John Williams, wlien viHttng Woa, after leaving Sydney last year, says, ** The principal chicf fnid tuey wished explicitly to know why wc bad failed to hriiig ilinn their tui^lonarv, and said everything he could to induco the Rev. J. Vivian to stay with them.' Mr. Gill pre* --n *' A mure interesting and promising sphere of labour 1 do not ki.ow in the Sbuth Seas. The notives are a noble lace— tail, liphl»colourtd, gentle and tcachablo, warm-henrled, and liofpituble. The island is remarkably beauti ful and healthy, Abounding In paro, jam*, bananas, and cocoa nutp, with plenty ol good water by digging, though there are no running strcama,' We have to congratulate our young brother that the line has follrn to him in bo pleasant a plar.o, and pray that, under his culture, the moril brauty mav soon surpass the natural But move recent, and, elusf painful intelligence serves to prove the hcmunibir.g aiiil pcucclul cnccls ui a partially known gospc1, as taught by these native evangelists. Tluir instructions have so fur softened hostility to the white sfar.gor as to ensure their reci iving him without distrust. Taking advantage of this, wicked nun have been emboldened lo seize and carry off to a dreadful slavery ii&flvie; from island?, which but for the peace- promoting cflccts of n iesionary labour, they would not bave dared to attack. At the time when tlic 8 &ve; trade Bceins nearly extirpated in the other hcmii-pbere, wc havo been etariled to find au attempt at its establishment in tbe Pacific, Men calling thimsclvcs citizens of a Christian South American State huvo been base enough to (it out many vessels lo sei*e aad carry off the inhabitants of the isles of tbct-o seas to a cruel bondage. To repeat the details attending the atrocious abduction of some 2000 souls would but harrow your feelings, without enabling you to adopt any preventive measures ; end, further, the public journals have recently published all par ticulars ab far as known. The honour of checking to some extent these infamous procccdinge has fallen to the flag of our French allies Their steam** Latouchc Trcrllle, now gracing our waters, has seized five, and French law, administered at Tahiti, has con fibcaw d no less thon three of thepc nan-stealing vessels. Wc re gret that the distribution of the Uritieh naval forcc in these seas does not afford the means of co-operating with those gallant men in crushing out these abominable practiuca But the mention of Tahiti reminds us tbat we have to record the death of tbe Iter, Villiaiti Howe, for twenty-five years a trusted and honoured miFslonury there. Mr. Howe, in his several viiitBto this colony bad endeared himself to many Christiun hearts, and bis rc-sppea vancc on this occasion waB Looked forward to with fond anticipations. But the Supreme ruler willed it other wise. On his way from Tahiti by tbe John Williams, sickness compelled him to Und on Itarotonga, where in the Rev. Mr. KrauFc's house, on the SthJuuc, 1868, he died, in tho full as surance of hope, aged 61. The geniality, amiability, and Christian graocs of Mr. How e'e cbarnctcr ore best known by those who weremost inti mate with him ; to these were added a singular prudence und judgment, w bicb never deserted bim under circumstunccs of great trial and difficulty. He was equipped by bis Master /or the work he had to do, Importastwork for tho Tahitians. On their behalf be bad to combat DRainet political and rc-ligiouB persecution, and under the cold shudow of French law to contcnd for the pure Word of God, and Protestant worship against ignorance and in tolerance. We can see tbBt his warfare is accomplished. Tho Tahitian Christians bave for their guidance a third revised edition of the entire Scriptures, and tbe teaching by word and example of many honored mitfionary brethren. These arc to be succeeded by French Protestant missionaries, who will be met byno prejudices, but be in accord «ith the European residents and authorities. They will only have to build upon that true foundation laid by tbeogciits of the London Missionary Society, of whom tho Rev. William Howe 'was one of the most efficient At Mare the mission is proceeding satisfactorily— Messrs. Crcagh and Jones bavo completed the translation of tho whole New Testament into NcngoneEC, and it is intended that one of them shall shortly convey it homo and supervise its printing. Ibe boarding schools' aie progressing favourably. The second annual report fjom Mr6 Creagh's school is most cheering— and will greatly joico the hearts of all who hare aided in ita estab lishment, It numbers one young man arcfugco from Erroniaoga, w ho was connected with the late Mr, and Mrs. Gordon at the time of tbeir martyrdom. God may one day open the door for tbis young man to return to his native island, when he will be wtll able to teach the saving truthsof the Gospel. At present Errtmanga is full of the habitations of cruelty. Upon her last voyage tbe John Williams called off the island— it was the time of periodical idolatrous feathering— and such was the excitemcnt amongst the natives that it was quite unsafe even to landL. The Church's cry for t'rromanga is humbly yet fervently—' How long O Lord, how long !' Thus have we given Eome little intelligence concerning the operations of that noble society, with which it is our privilege to be connectcd. Tidings collected from such distant ana diversified quarters are naturally chequered, eome cheering, some dishcart ibg, but on the whole tbe enliveningand encouraging largely pre dominate. 1 bat God ia owning aud blet-sing missionary enter prise, who dare doubt T That he will prosper the work of our bands upon us, who can fear ! We invite yojr co-operation to compass no dubious repair, We ask you to aid us; but only to hasten and amplify that glorious triumph which is surely before the Cburcb. Wcurge you togive life and energy to tho prayer. ' Let the whole earth be filled with the knowledge of God ; aud let all flesh bless his Holy name for ever and ever,' The Secretary also read tbe financial statement, which tbnwed as receipts, £378 10s. 3d. ,* and dtaburecuienls, £343 13?. 2d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £34 17a. Id. Ihe following resolutions were unanimously adopted : — 1\. '* That tbo report now read be adopted, and, together with tbe treasurer's accounts, be printed and circulated under the direction of the committee ; and tbat the following gen tlemen be the cfQcers and committee fur the ensuing jear, wi'h power to add to their number Treasurer ? Joseph Thompson, Eeq Joint secretaries: Kev. A. Buzacott, N, li. Eagar, Esq Committee: A'l ministers of can Itilutiug congregations, and Messrs. T. Holt, M.La., J. Fairfax, K. Garrett, D. Jones, G. A. Llo-d, Dr. Moon, J. Rennie, E. Robinson, J. Row, John Richardson, S. Thcmpeon, — 'Walker, and Rev John West.' 2\. ' That this meeting feels unabated interest and confidence iu the operations of the London Mission ary Society ; that while it rejoices in the suooess vouchsafed to the efforts of its agents in preaching the Gospel to the heathen, it views with special 6atinfaotion the raising up of a native agency to carry on the work. It aJso \--ffer& its earnest congratulations to those devoted men who have translated tbe Scriptures into tbe native languages, and promises a continuanoe of its support.' 3\. 'That this meeting deeply sympathises wi'L our missionary brethren and their Churchcs, una ri'^i the unoffending and unsuspeoting natives generally iu the islands of the Southern Seas, who have been so ciuelly treated and eo deeply wronged by the efforts of the slavers fiom Peiu. It also regrets that, owing to the revolution in Madagascar, a cloud has come over the prospects in that lend, and prays that Jehovah, the God of Nations, while having His people in Bis own eafeand holy keeping, may so order tbe events of His providence that all things may work togetherfortheeetabliehmcnt of His kingdom in ttte earth' 'Ihe proceedings terminated with the Ooxology and Benediction ; a collection being made at the doors as the auditory separated. 