PICETNOa fROM PUNCH. j 1 iOXG OF THE GAROTTER. I VJfr, isiitec me by moonlight alone, Ailil then I will give tou tile bug, \V':th my arm round your neck tightly thrown, I'm as up to the work as a Thug. Behind you 1 softly will creep. And. taking you quite unawares, On my prey like a tiger I'll leap; If I happen to choke you, Alio cares? I'm out with a ticket of leave. Which by gulling the chaplain. I gob And I'm free to maim, murder, and thieve, for a cove he must live, must. he not? So meet 111c by moonlight alone, Iviosl stranger, 1 beg and entreat. And I'll max- ail your money my own. And leave you haif dead in the street. OCR OFFENCE TO THE VAN KEFS. While wrath distorts thy visage ianl^aud haggard, Why grin at me, and glare wiih evil eve; Why, in ihe strem et a malignant blackguard, Jonathiui. threaten au.l revile me—why? W'by so vindictive is y.tur roaring flood by foul abuse? Wiiat have 1 bone e, that makes You keep declaring that you'll liave my blood. More venomous in spite than maddened snakes? Not I your landmarks have removed, nor when You were Irani pressed in battle for the l ight, A quarrel for a few enlisted men lfid l pick with you, and impede your fight. All! those are wrongs by whicb one might be driven To menace, rail, and vo-v Tevenge like you. Such injuries are not to be forgiven Tod hose who suiter thciu by those who do. THE FIGHT MAS IS THE EIGHT PLACE. We see that our old Baron Munchausen, who has long been lying unknown, is about to be translated into French. We beg to recommend as the ve:y best editor of the woik Monsieur Thiers. In fact, if it were published as a con tinuation of his Ilii-'jire rlu- Oonxtilat- et tie VEmpire, ..eare convinced that nios' of its sub scribers would not be able to tell the dillerence. CONVICT CRANIOICGT. In the description of penal servitude at Portland given the other dav in tiie 2V.iw.-i particular men tion was ma le of the conformation of the convicts' lieads as conspicuously different from that of or dinary people's. The generality of the rogues were described as characterized by low-retreating fore heads. Slow; is it or is it not a fact that persons whose brains are deficient in certain regions are practically found to he stupid, brutal, ami vicious? Because, if that is so, wbca mice such persons have given you a justification for putting them under inck and key, and yon have got them safe, you had lietter keep them there Till when ? Till reformation, atte-ted by the expansion of their heads to normal proportions. THE SONG OF THE ANTI-GAROTTER. All round my neck I wear a spiked steel collar, A revolver and a bowie-knife I carry up my sleeves, And if any one should ask of me the reason why I wear them, Til tell them '.'is to guard myself from these gurotting thieves. Bast night in walking home a skulking vagabond addiesscd me. Says be, "Pray, what's o'clock?"' ana, not in tending any pun, Full in his ugly face I let out my left, and floored him. Observing as I did so, "My dear friend, it's just struckone!" So, ruffians all, take'warning" now, and keep re spectful distance, Or a bullet or a bowie-knife clean through your ribs I'll send: Well-armed, we'll straightway shoot or stab the rascal who attacks u-. If Sir George G.-ev won't protect us, why. our selves we must defend. LATCH-KEVS FOR TIOKET-OF-LEAVE MEN. Every one who has a throat to be garotted or a pocket to be picked must rejoice with us to see that a Goiniiiissiou is appointed to enquire into the filings of the ticket-of-ieave system, to which mainly it is owing that one cannot walk in safety from one street to the next. If the Commission does its duty, we trust that robberies with violence will with violence be punished, anil that the brutes wlw strike' and strangle a man behind his back will have their mm well scarified by the cat. Meanwhile, Sir Joshua Jebb had better make the iuosl of liis sweet pets, and devise, if it he possible still further steps to.makc them comfort able. With this view, we would suggest thai latch-keys should be furnished to ail prisoners ill gaol, and that perniissiou should be given them to take their iraibs abroad, whenever they so wish, and to return to their snug cells at any hour of the day or night that it may please thein. No rude questions should be asked as to hmv thev spend their time when out of quod, and if, Ihrougb some siight outburst of their peculative temperament, they happen to fall into the hands of the police, the production of their latch-keys should -free them frein the charge, and be then- passport back to prison Tvlien rliey feel inclined to jr«> there. We would propose, too, that convicts who are thought to be reformed, and have by pious con duct obtained the proud distinction of certificates of leave, should, wnen discharged from prison, be a rowel to keep- their latch-keys. that they inay let themselves indoors again if they feel so dis posed. Prisoners of late have been so petted and made comfortable that, when their sentences are out, they uiust naturally sigh for the snug quarters they have left; and the possession of a latch-key would ensure their readmission, and spare tliera the necessity of committing some fresh crime in order to obtain Ik AMERICAN PEDIGREES. Eotlien, AI.jL*., said in lus speech to his Bridge water constituents that every American tried, if he could, to make out a pedigree that connected him with some distinguished English family. We needed no ghost from the cast to tell us that. Everybody knows, or should know, that Mr. Lincoln claims to be the great uncle of Lord Lincoln, and the godfather of the eminent hatter, whose pari ner, Mr. Bennett, is. according to James Gordon Bennett, his grandfather by the. cousin's sic once removed. Air. Seivard is the pre at: nephew of ftli.-s Seward, the poet&s; of Lichfield, and Mr. Oliase is descended from the poet Somer ville. Sir. President Davis is the cousi . of Lord Slaidstone that was, and Sir. Seymour is the uncle of Messrs. Dig-y and Danny Seymour. General Butler is a ineiuberof the Ormonde family, though they are n t very proud of him, and hope that the attempt that was made ill old times to hang a certain Duke of Ormonde will be repeated in re ference to his descendant, b -t with a different result. General Banks is somehow related to the distinguished Protectionist of thai name, which accounts for the former taking such good care of himself, and Air. Secretary Ben jamia is a distant relative of Mr. Disraeli. The Honourable James Brooke, democrat, is cousin to the missionary Ilajah, and General Stuart is a discarded son of the Vice-Chancellor, who considers himself the lawful King of Knglaiul, and w ho has such hand some legs that we should certainly vote for him were there a vacancy. Mr. Quiiicv is the American rcpreseiitativeof the English Opium Eater, whereby the narcotic tendency of Q's orations is explained. Iilr. Holmes is the fifty-seven :h cousiu of the cele bulled Whipper-in, and consequently fifty-eighth to Air. Thomas Knox Holmes, the eminent Par liamentary agent; and Mr. Norton is quarter brother to the Honourable the Beak of that name. General Bragg is brother to the emiuent gunsmith, who always quotes Canning's verses about " Bro ther Bragg;" and General Bosencranz is a lineal descendant of the unfortunate gentleman whom the Prince of Denmark, by a most objectionable trick, caused to be executed iu England. Mr. Mason claims pedigree from the poet and friend ■of Walpnle, and AD'S. Stowe is a niece of the Duke of Buckingham. Lastly, Mr. Wintrier is a son of AD jPtoic/i, and was therefore of course originally named Witty, and itwas only ids foolish American ambition which induced him to attempt the ridiculous impossibility of being wittier t-lian bis parent. Wc are ashamed to reproduce infor mation which is in everybody's possession, but wish Air. Kiugiakc to know that the British public is not so ill-iuformed as he supposes. maxim foe mothers. The only hoop tlial you should wish to see your ■daughters wear is a plaiu hoop of gold upon the left fourth fiuger. THE BEECHF.R STOWE MANIFESTO. We have been requested to publish the following correspondence " The Foreign Secretary to"the First Lord of the Treasury. "Afy dear TVdmerston—Have you read Airs. Beecher Stuwe's letter? Of course you will pretend that you have not; but you see everything or pet told of it, so I assume your knowledge of the con tents of the epistle. Now. what do you think of ladies interfering in matters that don't concern thein? Iopposed itat the time with ail my might, for you know if there is one thing I hate more than another, it is writing unnecessary or violent or impertinent letters. But out went the address from the ladies of England, caliii . _ _ . ling on the A me ricans to put down slavery; and now Ivlrs. Stowe replies to yon that they are putting it down with nil their might as fast as they can, and that the English are sympathizing with the slaveowners. Oi course this is only another case of a woman's one-sided and incomplete way of patting a matter; but it is not a bad hit, and all this comes of our allowing females to exceed their functions. As for Shaftesbury, who got the tiling up, 1 hope he bus the grace to feel ashamed of himself. "Now, if I am to conduct the foreign affairs of this nation, I beg to signify most decidedly that I will hot have any attempt at a reply to Mrs. Stowe made by any of the ladies who move in our set. Jt is quite enough to have to do with the Ame ricans themselves, who aie as petulant and illogical as women, and as ungrateful; but I will have no more addresses from the women of England, you trill be good enough to shut up Shaftesbury, or look j niifr. fur n. siu^rpsn-nr to " Tours, very respectfully, - "IiUSSEf.L.' ' CUesham-plnce." " The First Lord of the Treasury to l3ie Foreign Secretary. " My dear John—You are irritated, and, like many Vise people, you instantly fiy to pen and in':, and write a letter which is at once 'unne cessaiy, violent, and impertinent.' I can't wasle the short holiday loft to me in cavilling with a col league, lint I beg to remind you that one of the first signatures to the Address to the Women rf America was affixed by a leading member of she house of Bedford, and—hut I abstain from raying something else that you would say were our posi tions reversed. "The ladies acted on impulse, and did what was quite right, as they always do. I will never he angry whit anything a woman does until she is unnatural enough toattcmpt to think. I am ready to defend them and the address against you, but surely wc nec-d not have a row. " Feminine eloquence shall not go out as a foil to vouvs. Shaftesbury has got his hands full of bishop business, and. en re nous, has rather made a mull of it. He has 110 time to be concocting letters about liberating black niggers white he ii making efforts for curtailing the liberty of white workmen. As for his feeling ashamed of himself. I thought you kuew him better. But he shall no: anno-, you. " Keen cool, my dear John, for you have got a good deal of talk hefoie you. X hear Derby has promised to warm you up a little this session, and he is a man of his word. I don't want to make you uncomfortable, hut Itliink you'll be glad when the next holidays come. " Kver yours. " Hai.ieeeston. " Broadlands." LIKES WRITTEN ON THE BEACH. BY A SniNGbE OENTLEHAX. Tliis phrase, I n 'er could understand, "The moaning of the tide," Until I went to Brighton, and I Found, there, 'twas the Eea sighed. 1 