THE RIGHT HAND ROAD. . .(From the Knickerbocker.) '©soiÚJE and I-better known aa Mr. and Mrs- ! Ogden-about two years after our maniage, set- tled our affairs in the great metropolis, an i took ?our departure for tb« " Far West." George's uncle, when dying, had bequeathed to him a farm of, I really can't say how many acres, situated about fourteen miles from the village of bmokie ton, which contained a mi l, a blacksmith's shop, and one store. As George was not getting along very nicely-wu* income amounting to six hun- dred dollars a year, and our expenditure to but little less than twice that sum-he thought it better to try -what he could do on the above men- tioned farm, having no doubt of a speedy increase in worldlywoalth ; for, as he said, " We wouldn't see any ono, and so we need not try to keep up appearances. A very li tie p'ain furniture would be ail that would be necessary, under the circum- stances;; «nd as regards dress, why-we could dress anynow." At length we arrived at ou:new borne-fand a very small one it was, so far as the toase was concerned. There was only one room on the first floor, which I called the universal \ room, and a corresponding number upstairs * but I afterwards persuaded George to build a partition, increasing tho . number-of apartments, and de- creasing their, size, in the same ratio-b«t I have ^always vowed, that if compelled to. sleep in the kitchen myself, 1 would have a spare bedroom in 'my^hause. L.It haB never yet been of the slightest lüteV but I ara always boping; it'will be, and re 'mails true to my first resolve. The 'first year we htfd very,bard work to mate both ends meet; 'but-since then, we haye had much better success. George goes to Smókieíon about three or four times a year, for essentials-* and aometimes lac company him, but' not often-for I always'have -so much to do, that I ¡find it impos <ible to give ?np nearly a' whole-day to mere pleasure. Before I came here Ï «sed to promise -myself an uu !'limitëd amoont of -enjoyment -in riding round the 'country; but I have seldom tried it-never in- deed but once, end then my experience was not of » nature to'make -me wish very ardently for a -second trial. It is «bout 'this one ride that I am igoing to tell. One evening in -the early part -bf November,' «« George and I were sitting by tho «fire-he'-taking .journeys into 'the land -of ITod, and I mending hie clothes-I soddenly 're- membered the empty state of our larder;: and at ' tho same time .noticing my haaband'-s condition, by a philanthropic and disinterested effort, I «brought him to Site again, metaphorically speaking, hy asking'the following-very natural and seemingly ! harmless question ?; " George, when do you intend to go to timokîeton .?' ^'Well my dear," replied he, with ecarcely recovered lacukies, and in a tone ' -of voice that plainly showed he thought -it a most -extraordinary acd highly disagreeable ánquíry. What in the world do I wantto go there for-?" I have often -noticed, where gentlemen are concerned <tliat to want a thing done, which is at the same ïtimè sensible and inconvenient, is inoBt.exaspera rtlng and dieoompoeing-I- supposehecanse of their 'natural willingness to oblige. Therefore, when «George answered-nae sharply in the way I have -described, I immediately conoluded that some un .seen but.insurmóuntable obstacle intervened, and .that thia and not my simple .question ruffled-his narone temper ; and therefore mildly explained my premises," without any attempt at ? self-justi- fication, or any ou'-cry at his harshness, thus j " Because there area great many accessaries to be .procured.' Jn tho first place, the wheat must be token to the mill-for wa are entirely ont of flour." And then followed a list bf artielos of various des- criptions, all really needed ; and to leave an im- pression, I closed by mentioning that I needed the 'material for a new pair of over-alls for bim. George acknowledged quite reasonably the necessity for going.-; but added, that he did not think he cou'd, in this instance, jield to necessity.'. T cannot re- member what prevented bim, but I know his ob jections.wcre unanswerable: : Thereupon a bright idea struck me. ".George," «aid I, "I'll go.'' He demurred for a while, saying that he was afraid I could not find my way ; but I soon succeeded in making him look at it in a proper light, and the "result was, that nt about two o'clock the next after- noon, I was in Smokielon making my purchases, I had not started quite as early in the morning BB T had ' intended doing, and some hours passed while I was waiting for the flour ; BO that it was five o'clock before 1 nae able to start on my way home.; The road was: merely a cart-path through the woods ; and as soveralo.hera crossed or joined it in various places. I felt quito timid, being un- certain many times which was tho one I was to follow. They were each as like thc other BB ono pea to his fallow; woods, dense and impenetrable, inclosed ihonv; and in addi ion' to these difficul- ties,'! saw that tho Betting of the sun would soon leave me without the means of distinguishing any rood at.all," I récó'lected, however, that George hod told mo to keep the right hand road all the way ; and o's I had dono -BO,* I must be right though instinct1 told both «'Dobbin " mid myself quite pbsi ively, that we were certainly wrong.' I nm sorry to have to display such a degree of igno- rance, but I am forced to confess that I had for. gotten that of courie if I took the right hand roa when going to Smokieton, on returning I ahonl fo'lowthe left. Af ter riding for what scomedanin'ei minah'oleng h of time, i began to look for th light fr m our house-but no light did I see ; an heavy clouds^ .flying ita- black- masses overhead threatened rain every moment. With unacknow ledged terror, making my heart beat faster am faster, and the bands which held the reins of ver uncertain use, I tried to cheer up my old horse, ant inspire mjeolf with a little confidence by ta'kih| aloud. Little good did it do, however ; my vote sounded weak and quavering; ¿nd could scarcel; have been' be trd by a listener. . For nearl an hour longer we travelled wearily along, and a the end of that time I ceased trying to concea from myself the disagreeable knowledge that I wa all wr .ng, and bad lost my way 1 Hy heart sun! as the truth forced i'self on my mind. I did no know what to do. I cou'd not retrace the road j had taken in suoh thick darkness as now tur rounded me, and to go forward seemed equaUj useless ; but just at this moment, to my surprist and delight, I saw a short distance before me thal tho woods had been cleared away a little, and be- gan to feel a faint hope that a house might be near, in which I could find shelter; I drove OE till I reached the opening; then alighting, tied " Dobbin" tb a tree, and commencod picking my way with great care over stones and branches, and through briers and tangled grass. At last my out- stretched hands touched something which I could not see, and I found my wishes realised. T was standing by the rough log cabin, and who could tell what comfort and hospitality might await me wi-hin ? I felt along the sides of the house till 1 discovered tho door, then knocked most emphati- cally, but received no answer. I turned the latch, opened the door, and looked in. Darkness fe;gned i supreme thsre as elsewhere. No sound could be heard to show that it was inhabited. I felt very muoh disheartened, and immediately gavo up all idea of taking re'uge there. I am na'urally timid, though generally very loth to acknowledge it. I have a natural aversion tb darkness, and a horror I of passing the night in any house alone ; so I re- turned to tho waggon, "vith: tV.o intenticn of driv- ing around until daylight, with the satisfaction of having a¡ companion/ at léaBt in the' poor horse, who I think disliked the place and circumstances quite as much as I did. I was just stepping in when I felt a large drop of rain fall on my hand ; and soonafter other drops commenced falling all around on the dried leaves. I could have cried with fright and vexation but collecting all my courage and common SGOBO, T'trîmî t-n I.intr nfc tliinna. in ttl o ricflif. TOM. anil BOOTI decided that it would ho perfectly usolesB for me togo further. That I reached this house so unexpectedly, immediately boforo it commenced raining, was surely a very providental occurrence, arid one which I could not do better than avail myself of. I would , at least be saved a good drenching ; and passing the n'ght in a solitary house was not so much worse nf er all, than passing it ina dreary, wet ride, through unknown regions of forest. .Fortifying myeelf in this woy, I again alighted ; and leading old «« Dobbin" to the back of the house, whereT thought he would' be pro tee'ed from some of the wind and rain, and cover- ing him with a blanket, I entered the forsaken dwelling. Would tba*. I-had done anything but that 1 Fortunately I had matches with me, which I had bought that day ; and 'ealing off some poper from a bundle, I made an extempore o;ndIe, which I ligh ed, and which, though it flared dreadfully and burned down to my fingers too soon, enabled me to make a cursory examination of the abode. 1 -first directed my a tention to. the board shelf that served for a mantel-piece, and there to my surprise I discovered a candle. I immediately lighted ir, and proceeded to inspect the room more leisurely. At present . I ? certainly was the only occupant though there were many proofs that some one had been there recently. It. was a small honse- smaller even than ours, ¡for it contained but one room, and no " up stairs." Some one of refined taBtes had evidently lived there,, for. th ere were attempts at more than mere comfort in somo of tho arrange- ments. The bed, in one corner of the room, woe curtained; and reminded me of those one sees at hospitals. I looked in it and under it, but saw nothing. A rough deal table stood on ono side ol the room, and upon it was a singularly inappropriate rose nood writing-desk, beautifully finished, wi h silver mountings, and two or three books, in plain, but handsome bindings lay near. - " And now," said I to myself, " if I could only, have a fire, I should be quite comfortable." Were all wishes aa .easily gratified as this, but little would be loft to u îshfor. A basket filled with kindling wood waa standing in the chimney cor: or. Going to the door, I ßhut it tight ; and was about to fasten it, when the upper hinge broko, and it «auk down below the step to the ground. I left ?it as it was, knowing that I could not lift it, I ut ?thinking that I could easily push it open in tho -morning., It was raining very drearily ;,and thc wind, howling among the tr:es, made mo miser- ably frightened and lonely. . I took tho most sen- sible means I could think of to cheer myself, and lighted .-the fire, which isoon crackled and bl-ized joyously An the fire-place. , It threw out little ?ruddy jets of flame, whose brigh nasa penetrated the mysterious dork corners, and made ¿bern seem as open to inspection, and as free from all intention of concealing things I would not like to see, as tho ordinary corners I saw every day at home which never hid anything worse than a handful of dust, and never even that for a very long time. When I grew meJoncholy.-the merry blaze toughed at me ; and the shadows on the wall gambolled in all sorta of odd ways, io"show me,that they didn'c mind being shut up there, proteo'ed from the rain, «uteide. .: It was sea'eely i possible, to feel super- stitious where there was such a fire; and accord- ingly, after wandering around uncertainly fora:mo time, and finding by; my watoh thit it was only eight o'clock j, I seated niyself.by the sido of my agreeable companion, anti took up one of the books to. while away tho time. -. To my surprise,' it proved to be a volume of Tennyson's poems. ! ".Walter Talbot" waB written on tho fly leaf- evi-; dently by a lady ; and ^underneath, in a bold and! manly hand,-'.' From his dear. Bachel.", . It was,| certainly, a well-read- book; manypiBsageB wero: marked ; the leaves were turned- down in varioUB, places; and on some p'-ges wore traces of tears.1 I read "until eleven o'clock, though 7 my eye- lidB were heavy with sleep, and my eyes saw tho j letters indistinctly through a haze of* drowsiness.' Then' I tried to settle myself in. a comfortable position on tho floor, using my bench for a pillow ;! and there I1 continued,- dropping off into short naps, and: waking up occasionally to find my head bobbing up and down .merrily, and threatening a speedy dislocation of my neok. At last, in desp 1 ir of really resting, I nroso, and walked up and down the room, trying to awake myself, but all to no pnrpoBO. The wailing wind sung a lui oby, wbJch I was unable to resist ; and the accompaniment on the ropf, played hy the pattering rain, only in- creased tae-spell, while- even the bright firc-lighj turned against me, and flashed so dnzz'ingly straight |n my eyes, that 1 was foroed to close them. And so it come tb paBS that I finally de- cided to lie down on the bed. It waa not such a curioua resolution, after all, for it certainly looked like a most comfortable resting-place-neat and c!can,-and, moreover, .soft and. well-made. But still 1 felt a s'rarge repugnance to it, whioh only tho most overpowering drowsiness would have enabled me to overcome. However, I made an- other minute examination ol it inside and ont to see that there were no concealed mice, with well built nests, hiddon between tho covers, who would come out after I slept, and regale themselves on my fingers and* toes ;". and then I threw myself down, closed my eyes, and in less than fire min- utes had fallen into a deep slumber. I think I must have slept about an hour in this dreamless way, When. .1 began gradually to grow restless. Horrid vjsjons of robbers, wild beasts, mangled Human formB, and wandering ghosts, mingled in dire confusion in my brain, until I awoke with a half-suppressed scream, and tried to realize where I was, and what made nie so wretchedly nervous, Then'I tried to compose myself again. 1 thought Of home, and .of the, interesting adventure I would Have to tell George about, when I arrived. .1 retraced'the road from the houienswell as leonid, remembering but dimly the way I had come; de- cided the precise'point where I commenced going wrong, an<* thought/of George's half-triumphant pity at my misfortunes, and regrets that he had, consented, to my going toJSmokieton alone. But the longer I thought, and the more I tried to go to sleep, the more restless I grew.' I turned over ¿nd over, but could not lie comfortably. The tóp of my head felt cold, and it seemed as though there ^vas something terrible near me, which made my : hair stand on end, and opened my eyes the mo- ment they were c'osed. I raised myself, and > looked at the head of tho bed, but saw only the white curtain. I tossed, about for some time íonger£but still the dread horror continued, and the foaiful e?ld kept creeping more perceptibly - over me. At length I jumped up, think ng it r Was a draught of wind which chilled me,, as the bed was standing some little way from, tho wall. I a'tempted to push it nearer, bnt it only moved a little way and th'n st?od fast. T made' . another effort, it moved again, and the outlines bf a human form was discernible behind the curtain. I s'ood motionless, with s arting eyes'gazing at it. I could not distinguish the whole fi-ure-it was hot all there. I could not see the head-tho shout- -. Aeti were even with the top of the bedstead ; then the arms and body were easily traced ; the feet must be below tho curtain, but suro'y they could . not touoh the floor I I gazed fascinated by. that, s'ranee sight, until a great dread came over nv, and with a piercing shriek I rushed to the door, . my only, thought, my only wish being »o get away from the place. 1 pushed against it with my whole. _ii. Lt it nnlv stink lower and lower in (.ha. mud, below the stop. I could not raise it. My arm WBB nervelosBj all power hod left me. ~ 1 bonld do nothing but remain whero I was, shut ; up with that speotre behind tho bed, til some one . came to relíase me. I shriokéd again and again, I but no one could heir me, I .knew. The rain pattered on the roof, the wind howled mournfully," around the earners, the fire sunk lowor and blazed , j . more fitfully, and it grew colder all the time. I turned wildly around and then tank on my knees in abject horror, asl saw by the flickering light of the dying embers, a human face-purple and swollen, with aterting bloodshot eyes-staring at me over the top of tho bedstead. Aboyo the head was a beam,- which ran across the house, and . from tho boîm a ro;o came down, 'and,there the . body hung* I contemplated tho sickening sight till the bursting eye balls seemed¡ Tqrcing their: way into my brain}, andxtho discoloured faoe made fearful grimaces, laughing and .grinning at me as I knelt thore^ crouohing 'Hl¿é;;spme abject petitioner before it. Soon a chango seemed to come over everything. I was rio.-longer in this dcserîed house in the far West, but m a bright and pleasant room, in some gentleman's country house., I think it was a library, for there were shelves filled with books, around tho walls. Near a table, in the centre of the room, stood two per- sons, a man and a woman. I could riot see the face o? the hitler, but she was writing on tho fly leaf of a lboók tho name, " Walter Talbot, I looked at the man. His face was strangely ' familiar. Surely I had seen it bofore ; but not then au now. I remembered it swollen and dis coloured, with.bloired and bloodshot eves starting from their sockets. Thoré was but little simi- larity between them. This young man's, cheek was brown and.ruddy ; his bright dark eyes were softened by tho . light of lovo, a smile of winning sweetness played around the full-curved lips, while the dark curie, clustering around hiB forehead, con:rastod strangely with tho matted hair that felt over tho brow of the othor. Whoa his companion ceased writing, he motioned her to proceed, but her merry laugh rang ont a denial, OB she threw down tho pen. He took it, and stooping forward, traced a lew words; then ho handed her the book, and I saw that underneath his name, he had written, in a bold, manly hand,-" From his dear Kachel." That was all. In tho wholo interview, no word had been spoken.' It was a.mys Serious vision, whish was passing rapidly away. Í iried to pierce' tho mist of. oblivion that was hiding it from my view. I saw them standing by the window, looking out at the bright au umn sunset. . He hod taken her band in his, and his arm encircled her ; though they were speaking I could not hear (heir words ; bat I san* that as he drèw her closer to him; a mournful farowoll glistened in the tears that filled her eyes, while his right band was pointing to the western -Bkv.-A dark void succeeded this strange dream. . When I re- covered my senses, I was at home, lying on 'my own bed, with George sitting be (ide mb. 1 will not maliO ) my story, longer. ,.. I,»»upppse. I must have fained after my dÍBtrmpcréd fancy had pre- sented that lifelike picture to my mind. Góorgo said Ho had1 expected, nie until '-nearly;.twelve o'clock, and had then given me un for :loBt ; but knowing how useless any search for me'that night would be, ho had waited until morning, when, with one tf tho farm-hands to render any". assist- ance that might be required, ho had explored all the roads for milea round. Late iii tho afternoon thoy arrived at tho house I had taken refuge in, and knew I must be there, when they found old " Dobbin" tied where I.had loft him. Aftor vainly endeavour! og to maleo me answer their calls at tho door, with difficulty thoy.forced it open, and found mo lying on tho,floor perfectly senseless. A BLOODTHIRSTY PHINCB.-It ia related of this same Prince of Sutsumn, (to whom tho. L:oohoo Islands bolong as part of his hereditary. dominión», and wbo«o BnbJfiMs traillo from Japon there nnd through tho prlnolpal oities i t tho empire,) that In'order to avoid all quarrel with otho» princes, hómado.a law.-that If ono of his people Should at any time be insulted, by tho BtibJeo'B of another Dairaio, ho tras permitted to avengo himself by taking the lifo of lila adversary-provided that ho performed tho Horakiru on himself immediately.; ofter I Tho lifo of two periunn, who by their bellicos» and turbulent spirit wtre the causo of their own trouble», appeared to him of too little impor- tance to drag their mastorB into quarrels whiob might lead to great bloodshed. And in order to give greater ofleot to this principio, and at tho some time maintain a high spirit and «cn e of honour among his pooplo, it wai also decreed that if any of hiB people were insultod, and did not doro Iron» cowardice tolavongo tbomsolves. and tho osntain or any of his men belonging to ono of bis Bhips should como to know it,-tho coward waa to be conducted on board and without delay ornny form of trial, tohavo his heid Btrudk oil) and.both head and trunk ta bo (broun into tho sea. Tin Capital of theTicoen. . . > 