THE THEATRES, &c.; Theatrical excitements in Melbourne are just now likely to be greater than ever. First, there is Mr. Barry Sullivan, with an excellent company, drawing good and frequently crowded houses at the Royal ; then at the Haymarket Theatre we have Mr Coppin, returned to the stage for thirteen nights, the terms of his engagement also including an art union and distribution of prizes to the purchasers of tickets for the dress circle. The Princess's Theatre has also been opened with a dramatic company, under the direction of Mr. Geo. Fawcett, but business has not been very good. The industry of the manager has, however, hit upon a new source of attraction, and a caricature imitation of the dress and gait of two well-known public personages would appear to be the flattering offering to public taste. At the Theatre Royal, "Twelfth Night," with Mrs. R. Heir as Viola, Mr. Lambert as Sir Toby, Mr. R. Heir as Malvolio, Mr. C. Young as Sir Andrew, and Mr. Fitzgerald as. Jfoko Orsino, ran for nine nights, drawing aged houses-- On some of these "Katharina and Petruchio," with Mrs. By Heir and Mr Barry Sullivan in the principal parts way played as the afterpiece On Saturday Sept 5, " Henry the Fourth," with Mr. Barry Sullivan as Falstaff, commenced a highly successful run of ten nights, when the tragedy gave place to "The Rivals," for two representations: and since then Knowles's play of " Love," with Mrs. R. Heir as the Countess, and Mr. Sullivan as soon, has been the star de resistance. The "Ghost effect" has been produced with very great effect at the Theatre Royal, and, indeed, has had a general run OTor all the theatres in the colony. " The Merchant of Venice," with entirely new scenery, dresses, decorations, appointments, 4a, is announced for Saturday next, with Mr. Barry Sullivan as Shylock. Mr. Coppin, at the Haymarket, has appeared in "Paul Pry," "The Turnpike Gate. The Artful Dodger, and also as Peckover, in Taylor's prize comedy, "The Contested Elec- tion." The arrival of Mr. and Mrs. C. Kean by the Champion of the Seas, telegraphed off Cape Otway on Wednesday afternoon, has added to the already exciting expectations of the lovers of the dramatic art, and a great season iBBOwerpected on the Melbourne stage. It is announced by placards in the streets that Mr. and Mrs. Kean will play at the Haymarket, 