THE OPIUM SEIZURES. In a recent issue we endeavoured to show that the fact of the boxes of opium having on them a word which has been somewhat erroneously rendered "dirt," would not be sufficient to substantiate a charge of conspiring to defraud, but we do not dispute the truth of the allegation that a system of secret marks has been used successfully in these smuggling transactions, affording internal evidence of an organization of plan in which parties both hear and in China have equally participated in carrying out. These secret marks, however, while of such a character as to deceive the officers of the Customs, would be sufficiently transparent for detection by any one having a knowledge of Chinese characters. The facilities the Chinese language affords for the formation of a system for secretly con voying intelligence is surprising. Confining our remarks to the matter in hand, we will illustrate what has certainly been one of the ways by which large quantities of all kinds of dutiable Chinese goods have passed the Customs free of duty. Suppose an order sent to China for an invoice of 100 jars of salted cabbage, with in- structions, however, that the contents of fifty should bo opium, the cabbage to be marked J (kan), the opium (tseen) ; or again the cabbage marked (tsze), the opium (yu), who but one acquainted with Chinese would upon a package bearing a numbcr of other marks, all roughly written, discover the small difference that exists, and . come to the con- clusion : that the contonts of : the boxes were different ? ) Yet this simple plan which may be changed ad infinitum, made: safe by the in- difference or ignorance of the Customs au- thorities, is certainly one which enabled the Chinese with so much ease to open any number of cabbage packages for examination without the risk of detection of jars containing opium. The. Adjoubned Rbvision Coubt was held on' Saturday at the Police Court, Lieut.-Col. Bull, P.M., and Dr. Rocho, J.P., being on .the Bench. ' It appeared that the printed lists of the electors for the Upper House had not been re ceived from tho Government Printer, therefore; in fact/there was nothing before, the .Court to revise. It is to be regretted that' such ii pro tracted delay should occur in the printing and forwarding of these lists. , The Registrar must now act ih accordance with the 51st clause of the Electoral Act.whichis as follows " If fromany cause ,the revisipn of any lists awaiting revision under this. Act shall , not have -.been .made or completed within the timo herein appointed for that purposo it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council to appoint: a day., not -mbro than twentydays from the last day upon which such; revision might havo been made to be the day for holding a revision court for revising the skid lists aud such day shall as to all such Acts and proceedings as shall yet remain1 to be done or: nad'with respect to such lists be deomed to be for all intents, and purposes tlie day appointed hereby for such revision and the time heroin ap-; pointed for the transmission of the roll shall be extended in - the same proportion." We are in formed that the Returning Officer, Dr Ma'ckay, has sent the Municipal roll of ratepayers back; to the Registrar, for the reason that it ' contains numerous . imperfections. No doubt it does contain errors ; in'inany instances the names of persons are not fully set out, and in all such cases the voters may be), oojected to where tendered.. The Act very clearly states that the Christian and surnames must be stated in full,: and we cannot understand - why . this ' plain re-! qnirement was hot complied . with. But we aoubt whether it is the duty of the Returning Officer to take cognizance of the" imper fections. It - strikes us that the Registrar ought to : have seen to the correctness of. the roll before transmitting it/to, the ; Chief ' Secretary. If the . /Returning Officer is permitted to reject the whole roll because of .some errors, the whole 'of the ratepayers -will be 'disfranchised) , Instbuctions have just! been issued to tbo -mining surveyors, by -direction of the hon; < J. F. Sullivan, as to the form . in which /their report, on lands applied for under tho Mineral Leasing Regulations are to be prepared. . The -names of the applicants are, of course, to be staled and tho locality precisely defined, the, extent . of ground below and on tbo surfaco being' separately indi-, catcd. ' A general description .of the ground, and of the objects of tho proposed lessees; must . atso.be supplied, with a plan correctly showing: 'how- tho surface is at present occupied, and laying dowh'the boundaries of the areas) below and on the 'surface. The . mining surveyor,' in addition to the above particulars, certifies to ' his having made the survey "himself, and assigns; reasons why the lease should be granted or re fused. - ' : Amusements.— 'The Polytechnic 'Ghost wast produced for the lost time at the Theatrq, on' Saturday evening. ' The.'tadieiice was 'not very) numerous, owing to the sudden oliange in tho) weather. ! We wish him and Professor Schiller continued success. The Marionettes (at the) Mechanics' Institate) secured1 two .tolerably: good andiences, in. the afternoon and . 'eyeaing.; The balloon ascent' was' perfectly -successful.: Professor Rea has certainly established ; himself as a favourite with the! juvenile'-piiblio of Castle-' maine. I',1 ';1: /")( . \ . , ..-,) Mb. HiLLj' the )wMl-khbivn')'drama;tid- poly- plionist, will appear at tho'. Castlemaine Theatre, this evening. He has recently ' achieved great: success at Sandhurst, and wo are informed ) his, entertainmoat is of a very 'pleasing' character.! It includes no less than' forty ehonges 'of dress, and is abundantly varied by songs, dances, &C.; The programme is of the most), o'xtensive bha-) raoter.' j ) .Fbyeb's Cbeek Cbicket Club.— The 'opoii- ing'match of the season will be1 played'/qh 'the, Fryerstown gro.und this day. Play .will com mence at 10.30 a.m) ' It is Uoped, there will be a good attendance of .Castlemaine cricketers on the ground.. - );. -. " AVhehe Thebe's a Will There's a Way." — The . people of Campbell's 'Creek somewhat! astonished those who wero not < previously ao- quuinted with their onergetio chnraoter, by the plucky manner in which they came forward to aslc Mr Georgo Marshall to plriy the All Eng-i 'land Match on their ground. Tho ground was in such a state, and the other difficulties so serious that pt the first glance it appeared almost impossible that terras could be arranged. But the people of Campbell's Creek, nothing daunted, have undertaken the heavy task, ana will undoubtedly accomplish it. Money has been promised to tho extent of £60, and gratuitous 'labour in abundance for tho prepara tion of tho ground and the erection of tlie extra foncing. To-day will bo a grand field day ou the ground ; large numbers of men will turn out to do a day's work on tho ground. Thus, those who can not well give cash, will give labour, which is equally good. Mr Robertson, of the Standard Brewery, and Messrs McBrido and Co., together with, othor gentlemen, will j provide an ample quantity of eatables and drinkables, and if tho day be fine, thero is no ! doubt it will be not only a pleasant one, but a ) great deal of very necessary work will be got i through. Tho people and tho crioketers of Campbell's Creek deservo groat credit for their ; enterprise. . It affords an illustration of tho old I adage, " Where there's a will there's o way." I i Funbbal. — Tho remains of tho late Mr Wm. Cotton, of Barker-street, and for many years ' resident in Castlemaine, wero interred yesterday I in the Campbell's Creek Cometeiy. The funOral cortege (marshalled by Messrs Newbound) was of rutlier an _extonsivo character,' including a largo) number of the Anoiont Order o, Foresters, who | thus testified thoir respect fori their dopartod! brother. , 