IHAWT?IORN LITEl'lARY ASSOCIA. . TION. On Tuesday evening last the members of the above Association and their friends as. sembled in theoTown Ha.ll, H-awthorn, to hear a lecture by the ?fon . . Gavan Dulty, M.P., on "The Minor Poets of England." Owing to the heavy thunderstoi'm which raged dur ing the evoninil, the attendance was not, so largo as might linive been expected under other circumstances, not more than a 100 persons being present. His Honor Mr. JTustice Molesworth was voted to the chair, and briefly introduced the hon. lecturer. Mr. Duffly said it was not his nim to do that which had been so well done numberless times before-to attempt to form an estimate of teo ;reat masters of English poetry; he proposed rathlr to speak of those less familiarly known poelts, in the perusal of whose 'vorks he had derived unexpected enjoynent, by finding soie special beauty that lingered long in the melory. Scoes- and hundreds of times, when coming bornmefrom meotings, fiom newspaper oitcs, or fiom deliberative assemblies, had he obtained from tlhe perusal of'the minor 3ng lish poets calm and often intense dellgl't, which, perhaps, the study at the time of Shalkespearo, Milton, and other naster minds, would have failed to give. He did not know whether. tile namne of Mary IIowitt was 1a iniliar to many of tl e audience. She was the minthlier ffMr. Alfred HJowitt, who liad re rently distingushed himself in connexion with the exploration of A ustrali. She had written novetls and long poems, which leo confessed had not left any g'reat imnpression on his me mory ; but thler was a little rural ballad, 'The Shepherdess," which lie thought was not exceeded inl beauty in the whole range of lEnglish poetry. This Mr. Dullt recited; after which he observed that hle laid naturally found special enjoyment in political poetry, and long ago, when lie was-as most young menl wero-- .very intonse Radical in hpai politic;i, lie came across,a Tory ballad that so tickled hias Ouney' and ploased his imagiination th it, although written twenty years ngo, lie could repeat it as easily as the alphabet. It was a son" to an old English ballad called SThe Tluanard of Ale." This was repeated to the audience. Among the other poetic selections which Mr. Duffy laid before his hearers were Gerald Massey's " \VhoTl I Come [0ome," Linton'Ms Up, up, , ye E]nglish Pea sentry," Motiimer Collins's " Ghost Story," Charles Mackay's" Plain Man's Philosophly," and " Struggle for Fame," and' the efirsions of several poets unknown to fame. The lecturer observed that lie had met somewhere with an essay on dramatic poetry which con tained an amusing illustration of the different ways in which dilCerent nations, in their dra mnatic poetry, treated the same subject. For example, th, Greck driimiatists'hald " a iotind about way" "of :exI)prssilig thli'nselvhci. while tho Romnhus went riglht to the point, a'li'l tlio, English laid ii mixture of tilhe two. Mr;Dulfy gave anam iusing illustration of this diversity of style, fouilded uponi tlhe fmniliar phlraso " Does your mother know you are out; and has she sold her mangle ?" In conclusion, Mr. Duffy expressed tle hope that the effect of his lecture would be to induce his audience to read the minor poets for themselves. On concluding his lecture, Mr. Duffy said he owed some apology'to them for appearing so seldom among them, that being the second time lie had attended. Hie found, also, that lie was again honoured by being elected Pre sident of the Association, but ihe rcilly must decline it, as ho had so little leisuroeto attend to the dulties of.tlh ollico. Mr. M'D])ouggll proposod a voto of thlailks to the lecturer, which was heartily resioided to by the audience. Mr. O'Grady, on proposing a voto of thanlcs to the Chairmaimn, observed that lie hoped Mr. Duffy would reconsider his deternination. The Association was founded for tile purpose 'of promoting their enjoymoent; the duties at taclied to the ollico of President wore not very onerous; and for Iis part he would do Swhat lie could to render them as light as .possible. The vote of thanks to the Chairman was carried by aeclamation, and the assembly dispersed. . .. .? . . 