CUR It EXT TOPICS. In the'Legislative Council the second reading of the Land Bill created a large amount of dis cussion and much opposition. Mr Fawkner moved that it be read a second time that day six months. Mr Henry Miller seconded the motion, characterising the penal clauses as destructive of every kind cf settlement. (Left discussing.) At a meeting of the Citizens' Association, held lust night at the Mechanics* Institute, a communication was read from the head* of "the Railway Department, promising that at the end of the present month, in arranging the new time table, the following recommendations of the .Citizens' Committee should be taken into con sideration ;—"That the luggage train which leaves Ballarafc at 10.30 a.m. should start one hour earlier, leaving Gselong at 11.40 instead of 12.40/'" " That a passenger carriage, carrying mails be attached to such luggage train" " That the luggage train starting at 1.50 , p.m. from Melbourne should also have a passenger carriage attached." The business at the Police Court yesterday | could not be proceeded with at all on account of its beiog impossible to secure the serviced of a second magistrate. Fortunately there was a clean charge sheer, and the only business to be disposed of was the consideration1 of certain applications for publicans' and hawkers* licenses which had to be postponed to Friday next. The last day for issuing summonses for tbe I next County Court Sitting is Wednesday, 16th': [ instant* . * The Geelong Football Club intend sending a team down to Melbourne on -Saturday next to compete for the cup given by the Caledonian Society and recently won by the Melbourne Club' from the University men.;- A list of the players will be published. " The Ghost raised the last two nights at tbe Mechanics' Institute has anything.but realized the public expectation. The effect was just such as it may be imagined the magic lantern would give upon a ground covered with a gauze screen Two or three such figures were pro duced by the lecturer, but he made no attempt to prove to the audience that they were not merely shadows thrown strongly, upon the wall, for he kept throughout at a respectful distance from his creations. Whatever the non descript thing may be which Mr Merlin has pa tented, there i3 cert inly too little in it to justify him in announcing it for exhibition It is either an imperfect production or its intrinsic merit is Itelow. that of a very ordinary set of dis solving views. As regards the dreary elocu tionary portion of the entertainment we can only suppose that Mr Merlin, being a new arrival, is ignorant of the fact {that Dickens and other authors, so largely drawn upon by htm as to form the chief feature in the enter tainment, are as fully known here as in the old country. The attendance on Monday night was very numerous, it being almost impossible to find standing room. Yesterday evening there were not fifty persons in the hall. After the close of our report of Monday's pro ceedings in .the Assembly, no business of inte rest.was undertaken. A few verbal amendments were made in the Municipalities Act. The Railway Management Bill was further amended and sent back to the Council. Mr Don moved " That there be laid upon the table of the House a return of all moneys paid to draftsmen by the late Government for drafting and revising bills ; the amount paid for each bill; the names of the parties to whom it was paid ; the num ber of bills drafted and introduced; the stages at which they respectively arrived ; and the cost of printing the same, and 311 other expenses connected therewith." Mr Don alleged that gross favoritism was shown in the distribution of public money to incompetent members of the legal profession for drafting bills. One object I of the motiou was to ascertain what bills had | been destroyed by order of the late ministry. I Tbe motion was carried after being, at the instance of Mr Higinbotham, Blightly altered. All other business on the notice paper was postponed. The premises known as Abbotsford house, the grounds of which so beautifully extend to: the Yarra facing Studley Park, have now be come the property of the "Sisters of the Good Shepherd," who state that their chief object in incurring such a liability is to "found near Melbourne a house of their institute, with a view to bring back to a life of virtue and peace poor straying women who wish to return to the Divine Saviour of souls ere this short life closes, and time for repentance is at an end." It is intended so make the institution self-supporting for the future; a debt, however, has yet to be wiped off, and a bazaar is to be held to assist in discharging the same early in November next, to which the benevolent are kindly invited to subscribe. Persons desirous of holding'stalls are requested to send in their names to the Superioress, Convent of the Good Shepherd, Abbotsford, who will also receive subscriptions in furtherance of the object. This property was formerly owned and occupied by Mr Frede rick Cooke, manager of the Melbourne Banking Company. The Albury people are moving in the matter j of railway construction—to connect the railway systems of New. South Wales and Victoria by a line passing through Albury. Petitions have been prepared to the Council and Assembly of New South Wales, setting forth, among other argumentsfor the immediate snrvey of the pro posed line, the following: —" That upwards of | 20,000 acres of land have been purchased by j free selectors alone in the Albury district; and that whilst upwards of 1000 acres of vines are | being planted this season, capitalists are pro ceeding to invest much larger sums in that ! thriving branch of industry. That free selec tion without the means of communicating with a market is all but valueless, and that for want ] of a railway to the Murray border, upwards of j L50,000 a year custom duties are loBb to the Government. That a direct line of railway be tween Sydney and Melbourne has now become a matter of necessity, and 110 other than a direct line traversing the shortest possible route will serve the purpose." 