THEATBIOAIi PEBFÓBMANCES OF GHOSTS. . "XÖTHK «»non O» THE EÍIpmE. SIB,-Will you kindly pern rt me, through the mediana Ol jonr valuable journal, to reply to . letter on the eub jeot ol theatrleal performance* of gbottf, written by the Ber. G.- H. Moreton; and pnbllehed in to-day'a iaane of tbe Sydney Morning BeraU. Tbs reverend gentleman aaya that be expects to meet with different opiniona on thia subj-ot, and I for one. do not feet inclined to disappoint him, being one of those j wbo dare to question the desirability of .bia letter, I although-1 do not for a moment doubt tbe philanthropie .nd Christian motive which prompted bim to pea saab we ik and unmeaning argument*. ; I am not destrone of entering into . controversy with tbe reverend writer, and therefore ahall be very brief in my remarks. I must confesa Ibat I am surprised that a gentleman wbo is ao opposed to cbemioal experiments of one kind, via,,ghosts, sbould provide for the amuaemeot of biayoong charge-I n can the achoo! children of St. J.mea"-au entertainment cf a similar olas», viz., dissolving views (the only difference being that in the ene case tba Shadow is repreefoted on canvas, and in the other without its sid}. And I would ask bow be can reoonciie so appsrent a difiérenos of opiuion and cour.e of action oo bis part t ? I «onteod tbat tba reverend gentleman has not given tbe foll and trne meaning ol the term ghosts, as applied to the representations at Ibo Theatre. Mo person/save a very illili rete one, ever gosa to witness the ghosts with the belief that be is to tau the spirits of tbs departed. Why the idea ls absnrd in the extreme, and no abstraot reasoning esn ever make il anything else. The petrona of the Ghuat only go to sss the grest advaooas made in Ibo science of chemistry in the form of a superior class of diuaolving views ; and no more harm esn be the result of their visit than would attend them if they-went to the le>a attractive entertainment at St. James s rohoolroom. Clergymen .too frequently expresa their erroneona opioloos on ra. Kara of 'tbla hind for the simple rasson th*t tbey do not go and aar for themselves, but prefer to maka wholesale assertions, including even advances, in ioienor, ander the old aod feat dying ont theatrical prejudioe. . . . ? I ... I am. Sil. Sea., ¿CA . AN, OBSEBvBBi 1 ¿tb September. 