THE " BCTtOOL SCANDAL." Br THE DIIOST OF SNNNIDAN, As I was observing to Cumberland just liotv (Sir Pretful and I ai'e the best of friends lu the Shades), tl There is a posthumous satisfaction in seeing oiie's comcdiys so Well played in a part of the world that I had scarcely • lifcard of. when 1 quitted it." Horry Walpole, who was carrying oh a mild fiirtdlioii with Miss Pope, under the very hose oi Kilty Clive, niruk- mii one of his best iJbws, and observed in his niost courteous teiie, " Wliuii I feriw the 1 School for Scandal' first performed, I pronoUiR'eil it to be ii marvellous rcmrrection of the Stage; and unequalled since the dayspf the 'Provoked Husband.' I am glad to think posterity has cdhflrmed iny decisioii." V/hai was that you wore saying about posterity chitlied in Mrs. .Abington. " I might,could,' ^'ouidj of sholxid liave said, that posterity will never see ymr eqUtil in the character of Lcuhj Tcdzlc^ rejoined AYalpole. " And yctv' i replicSd Abingtoil, rather tartly, 11 you declare that Miss Farreh and Mrs; Oldilsld Wei'd unabplmcliable in genteel coihedy." "Ti-iie, my dear Madairie, but Lady Teazle belongs lo 7/jigenteel dotnedyto that class of females who are always aping women of fashion, without Arriving at the style." " Ah !" rejoined Gentleman Siiiitli, who strolled tip witli the well-bred air of a Regent, "the 'mode' has died out since out dixy. ISut. tell us something about the perforhiance, Sheridan. Ilns the dialogue lost aiiV of its freshness ? Is scandal still rife in the Avorkl—hut why do I a*k such a question? And who played Sir Peter?" "An actor named;} Ijambert," "Nothing like King, I suppose. What can semi-bar-: barians, inhabiting a savage region of the globe, remote from Europej and civilization, know about acting V interjected Walpole. " What, indeed?" said Dodd. with a qukint smile slowly spreading over Ins broad moony face.' " What, indeedchirruped Suett, with an expression of countenance proper only to Touchstone and peculiar to himself. How astonished they all looked when I told them that Lambert's Sir PeMr Teazle w;ts, as Walpole might have described it. "a resurrection of the stage;" that a Mrs. Phillips played Mrs. Candour with a richitcss of coloring aiid A breadth of style that only required a little toniiig dowji to i-ender the picture perfect; and that the volatility of Charles imd the impressive senteiitiousness of Joseph Surface left*the author Of the comedy and the unseen spectator oi the performance little to complain of. Palmer looked incredulous and Charles Kemble siniled dubiously. " And who was Lady Sneerwell?" enquired Miss Sherry. "All actress," i replied, "who litlefec the stage with 'ditches,' called 'ravages,' ' ravishes,''Maria,' 'Meericr, and professed that she was ' no 'ypfcrite.' " Slictry shuddered, alid Miss Pope shrugged her shoulders with a gesirireof ineifable disdain. "And who played Sir Benjamin Backbite? asked Dodd, with a demure affectation of aiixiefcy'lest his laurels should lie withered. "Some one," I answered," with a laugh like the croak of a consumptive raven. An actor -is hard as though he had been chopped out of & block of lignum vilat. But Trip"—-Lamash sidled towards ine at this moment, Trip was excellent." " You have said nothing of Lady Tiazle,'' said Mrs. Abiilgton, rather petli^hly. " You would have smiled approval on hei\ Fanny -, and that, I take it, is a compliment to both.*' "I must imitate Sheridan" observed Kitty Olive, "take a 'day-i'lije,' aiid i'evisit that part of the world from which Brinsley has returned. They tell me the drama is dead, in dear old Loudon, aud has rist'h agiiii! at the Antipodes/' "Impossible" cried Piitehavdnttd Siddons, both ili. a breath." Fact, 1 assureyou," was illy reply. '' The draiM lias found a l'dfiige aud a liftme in Australia, where it is aii iionbi'fedekiie aiid ft popular fugitive. The Australians can appreciate a really grekt actor like Tirooke, hi- Jefferson, while the degenerate citi2tm<3 of tdnddii flock to hear a Frenchman mouth Shakspenre in brbken Itiigii.Ji, aiid to s<?e an imb-ecile (laraly with a lisp/a staminef. and a hop in his gait mimicked by a third rite comedian-" "Alas, for tlie degeneracy of the age," cried Horace Wiilpole, arranghig his wig with thelielp'of a pocket mirror." " liv the way, Shefidaii, where did you get Sir Benjamin Backbite's epigram from ?" "Not from the . castle of Otranto." "Nor from "Sidney Biddulph', or 'Tom Jones', I hope ?" No it was from one of the trifles with which Tickell and I used to amuse ourselves in writing. Originally the lines ran thus:— In tile way I am met by some smart macaroni Who rides by my aide on a little bay pony Ho sturdy IlibefniaH, with shoulders so wide But as taper aiid slim as the ponies they ride ; Their legs are as slim, and their shoulders no wider, Deaf sweet little creatures, both pony find rider." " Ah 1 eVert macaronies ate gone out Of fashion since oUr day, I imagine/' said Walpolc with a Sigh. We Were interrupted by a cly of alarm from PrUchard. " HenJ is Churchill coming," she exclaimed, "witli the concentrated spleen of twenty RoSeiade ill every line and feature of liis face/' And there was a general movement among the party which put an end to the conversation. 