CHRISTMAS IN OLD ENGLAND. St. George's Hall has been elaborately fitted up for the production of an entertainment of the character of that which, in the Egyptian hall, London, proved a fortune to Mr. Albert Smith. A stage has been erected, the hall divided off into two compartments, a splendid carpet laid down, stuff seats provided, and hangings of an elegant character for the various windows. The result is the conversion of the body of (the fine hall into something like a handsome drawing room ; while the tastefully-disposed draperies and decorations of the stage itself are so many tokens that neither taste, time, nor money has been spared in the preparation of the entertainment which, under the title of "Christmas in Old England," is to be opened this evening for the first time. A private view, accorded to us yesterday, enables us to say that no diorama approach- ing in artistic merit that now about to be submitted to the criticism of the public, has hitherto been shown in Melbourne. The subject is indicated by the title. It is " Christmas in Old England, Christmas as we read of it in ballad and story, Christmas as we recollect it in years gone by - Christmas with all its hospitable recollections, its amusements, its traditions, its allegories, its tales, and its mirth. So fine a topic admits of great scope to the hand of the artist, and Mr. Edgar Ray-for whom it has been painted-has had the able assistance of M. N. Chevalier, Mr. E. J. Greig, Mr. John Hennings, Mr. J. Willis, Mr. G. A. Appleton, and Mr. H. Freyberger, in its preparation. The subject is illustrated by twenty pictures, of large size. The first-the Drop Scenes by M. Chevalier, represents " King Christmas," cup in hand, pledging the good and kindly wishes of the season, from the wassail bowl, while around him are grouped the representatives of all the more famous nursery stories appropriate to the season, such as "St. George and the Dragon," "Mother Hubbard," "Little Red Riding Hood," "Jack the Giant killer," &c.; The first scene is a pleasant woodland landscape in the snow of the winter season-" Gather- ing Mistletoe.' Neat we have the "carol singers" at the door of a baronial hall : followed by the "Bringing Home of the Yule Log ;" then the old "London Waits"-sagg*8tivo of so many pleasing recollections; "The Markets at Christmas Time," " Roasting an Ox on the Thames." " Skating on the Serpentine, "Snowballing," "Old Father Christmas," " The Christmas-tree," Distributing the Christmas Dole," "Christmas Morning in a Country Church," "Feasting the Tenants in a Baronial Hall," "Christmas Dinner of the Baron and His Friends," "The Ghost Story"' " Mummers in a Country Farm- house," "Snap Dragon," "Sir Roger de Coverley," and "The Christmas Pantomime." These subjects Mr. Ray illustrates with historical and anecdotal notes, appropriate passages from some of the best writers, song, and music, the latter selected by Mr J. Parker, the accompanist. The paintings, we repeat, are of a high order some of them, indeed, are masterpieces, Mr. Hennings' architectural details, Mr. Greig's figures, and M. Cheval- ier's fancy sketches, vie with each other in excellence. The diorama has been fully six months in preparation, and has cost a very considerable sum. The prices of admission are fixed at a rate to encourage large audiences, and if the literary and musical portion of the entertainment equals In merit the work of the artists, we can safely promise that those who may visit St George's-hall this evening will have every reason to be satisfied with the excellent entertainment provided for them. In " Christmas in Old England." 