? NEWS BY THE MAIL.. (REIM THE BRIGHTON OBSERVER.) THE dona's PEIVACT.-A very couaderable 1 was produced by the publication of a " ^nation in the Tinus regarding the e r r, ]f' "' of Queen Victoria, at Woolwich, on irav to visit her dearly beloved German 'fhwi The proclamation was one forbidding 141 to enter the arseual until after-her til T ^GERSTOENUR .mire, threatened tnreaieucu. dismissal uism"*^™.;--^ to any employ€ d fW>sclied a window as the Queen was and announced that any one found in Wad to be traversed -by-her would be.iar- , Such a proclamation has not been !* te <1 since that famous one of the Sultan which nTtiii defied, pronouncing sentence of d*ath n*nv mortal who dared to look,at the Prin- \- B*Hroull>adour, whilst on her way to the >phe ill-judged proclamation created a X feeling Of indignation and will _no doubt ^"iuslv affect the popularity of the Royal {""sheis^carc^y responsible for .what she does •fthese matters, and it is for the purpose of IhtjuninC change of scene, and of giving her a V current of thought, that the present tieme of travel was determined upon. This it ,ilpe»rs is the secret of her long withdrawal from puU'c life - _ „ ' PEKVEKIO.V TO CATHOLICISM. -Apropos of tie p.ine his servants, at the Oratory at Brompton, b»ve been getting into disgrace through the conversion of ayouth whom they got possession .- at four in afternoon, »uid bad baptised at nine the same evening, and as be was of weak intellect, and only 18 years of age, they m jjj m a Catholic before he was well aware of it, by which all his prospects were ruined, for he W5 Studying at Oxford for the Church. The gse is »ne that is p<isitively infamous, and as it shows liovr the priestcraft of Rome attempts to override the authority of parents over their children, it has done much public good, and mue Popery even more hateful to a liberty^ovjic population than was ever before the case. Theological matters will probably become a good dal discussed, now that Parliament has closed, mi there is little for people to talk about. In (jet, religious affairs always turn up when there is nothing else to cause controversy and uupleaswtness, and several indications have been prec of the popular tide setting in this direc- GHOSIS CANI WEAR BREECHES.—Do you remember Cruikshauk's teetotal corps at the last T.iloufcer Beview, and the wonderful horse rode tit the teetotal surgeon to the teetotal, corps,— te:i, baviugimoiortalised himself by that horse, jlrCruikahankis uow making himself famous by contesting with Hans Friswell the .merit of biving discovered that old clothes have no and spirits were universally believed in rntil lately—when science and scepticism put them to the rout ; but it was only within the list few years that tbey were filially demolished by the argument that if a ghost - appeared be innst necessarily be stark naked,—for though it. ms within the scope of argument that the spirit ef a dead man might return to earth, it was impossible there could be any spirit of the dead Bin's coat or trousers. ."This argument is liutuscrerable, and both Friswell aud Cruik^liink claim the merit of having originated iL" : The controversy is a hot one aud is not nearly,-ex. hausted. ..•.-.. ANOTHER AUSTRALIAN WONDER.—We have hid cattle shows, poultry shows, aud n»w, it setms, ive are to hare a •costermongers' -donkey th.iw,-which perhaps will be the most beneficial ,.f all the shows so far as humanity is concerned, for the donkeys are now very badly Died, and'if kindness could only be introduced into the relations subsisting between the ccstermunger and his auimal^ it would be a great thing for the latter. The sliow will be a very interesting oue^ aud is expected to disclose some strange facts' But tae s'.rangest thing contemplated is that of the naturalization imong us of the Australian prodigy tlie dugeng or sea cow, an animal half whale, half seal, with a touch of the porpoise. It frequents" the 6b»llow waters of bays or estuaries, ents like be»f, when salted resembles bacon,—boils .down tn an oil infinitely better than cod liver oil, aud sithratany taste, grows to eight or. ten feet long, has a"mate iu the manner of birds, suckles i s young njost tenderly, and cau be ^ rendered slmost Uriie by a little cultivation. Just fancy what a jolly tiling it would .be to have a Shoal or two of dugongs down on your coast* coming tn be fed at the call of a whistle, each mamma bringing its dugong baby, and when, the projier time arrives reudering up its eight Or ten-feet of beef to its cultivator and feeder. .Why its Better than having a pig, and all the poor of Brighton will have its dugong ready to be killed «nd salted at Christmas. : When the.first arrival of baby dugongs takes place tbey will no doubt.be taken to the Regent's Park Zoological Gardens, which Gardens are extremely popular, as in- deed is the Park,- now that Mr Cowper is at work at its improvement. [This "duj*oug". almnst beats the- "amphibious bear" of il-Cullum's Creek.—ED. T. T.] < ' Napoleon's FUTURE.—L N. B's X/ife of Caesar is now nearly completed, and the hundred copies t-i which the issue is limited will shortly be in the Emperors-Cabinet. These hundred copies tr.ll not be circulated, ibutonly a few are, it is understood, to be presented to special friends. The thing is sure, however, to leak out, aud before long we may expect to faavea translation of tbe great work of the inscrutable Emperor, to «hom all eyes are now turned as to the pacificator of America.' He has got his a-rmy well placed pn American -soil; he has temashed up the Monroe-doctrine by the establishment of a Mexican empire, and lie will now make a treaty with Jefferson Davis, and with'.his navy put an end to the blockade. All that the Confederates require is supplies, and these will pour in the in&aat;: the blockade is broken. Therefore to Ranee the Confederates are now appealing, and they will not appeal in vain. There is only one thing in tbe way of France at die present jnor fflent, Napoleon's'-stumbling-block is Borne,— Md even in Mexico this fruitful cause' of infusion may produce untoward results, and' lead to a very injurious state of affairs. ' But we are assured, from'various quarters, that the Pope is finally to be kicked from' the Vatican 'next Wring, and that all the Italian people ace gathering their strength for mother straggle. "Jlazzini 19 certainly moving in the direction of .anotherrevolution, and even Garibaldi has givenhis voice for an appeal to' 'arms; 1S0 -that we. may . expect some livdy doings in "the-year of. grace 1864, and the Pope had bfetter keep a sharp look opt .or the Papistical, barge may "be njiset by a Hidden squall and sink to fiseno'niore. - 1:J : IKFASTICIDE ' IN- ENGIJUST).—Tbiat" fertile source of interest to the' public the Divorce Qonrt, is for' a time in « state of extreme quietude, on accouut of_tlifi death of Sir Cres- Well Creswell, who is very.generally . deplored •Tihe professkin, for.he wafi a sound lawyer, P Q Eessed great discrimination, >aud had hy rare industry, broogbt the Court over.<«Hiichiie pro- Bied into really -working - order.-' -Strangely Mough he himself ijas iiotmsmed. The thoogb, is not matrimonially inclined bswrale, jjd the story goes ^that-on one occasion when wswell, Manle, ind Cockburn !i had'to'teit in judgment' on a'lt^al veiy much of ^rdivorce c ? ara St«r, Cockbnip remarked what?three, iiice ™aracters they wefe to have to deaade!Si(5i a Cockburo especially is distinguished by ™ peculiar ideas of domestic felicigv g^d has pern almo»t_lo6t to society by hig jpsreejjiing » jntentiou not to accept auy,-inygtition Jat did.uotincltide~a hear relatives who is not •W'thild \if recognised Lady Oocfchmn. yas married lately, and Siir^ora'fhe~aiffi- Mty ao longer exists. All these'mattera niy wily lead to serious refiections on ihie mo- ™Wy ;of society, which >eflecaous.have 1»en aerially aided by the publicktidn of D Barcke Ryan's book on Infanticide. Dr Ryan lias given this subject close attention, aud has investigated it thoroughly. He proves that infanticide is almost as common in England as it is reported to be in China, and having established his facts by incontrovertible evidence be m- then proceeds to discuss -what can be done-in the way of prevention. He argues the case with great skill and discretion, but the only remedy he cau discover is to make the father responsible for the maintenance of the child, insteady of the mother as is now the case. The law limits the responsibility of the father to half-a- crown a week, Dr Ryan proposes to make him responsible to the full extent of his means, -^poii.ting out as.his reason that of the infanticides that occur a large proportion are committed when the cliild is about .twelve months old —which proves that these child murders are committed not to conceal the mother's shame, but owing to the difficulty of maintenance— owing, in fact, to the inability of the mother to provide it food and raiment. All this is quite true, but the Legislature will scarcely consent to alter laws that have worked so well in favor of-the man. and to which woman has become so accustomed that she does not perceive its injustice. Parliament, if it considers the question at all, which is not likely—for it wants to do as Jittle as possible—would say that illegitimate births would increase largely if the fathers haul to maintain the children, and will therefore decline to interfere REAL PROPERTY ACT.—Another legal topic is the complete failure of the Registration of Title Act, passed a short time since to enable parties possessing freeholds to obtain a Parliamentary title to their property. The Act was originally ade a good one, but it became ao encumbered with restrictions in its passage through the House that it is perfectly useless. Since the establishment of the Court of Registration there lias not been business enough transacted to pay tbe salaries of the officials, and scarcely a dozen titles have been registered iu any one district The Act is a heavy expense to the country. Another legal mem. is to the effect that the Bankruptcy L<aws are to be again amended next session, it having been found that the present though excellent in principle, is a mass of flaws and imperfectious when examined in detail The report is that a new act will be framed, embracing all the law that now extends through " half-a-dozen half repealed Acts, and when that is passed all the former <>ues will be repealed. The coufusiou that exists iu tbe legal mind as tn what is Bankruptcy Law and what i^ not is something ludicrous, and at the Central Court the anecdotes that are related are of a very amusing -kind A coach and four can be driven through most Acts, but through that relating to Bankruptcy a regiment of Volunteer Artillery might be driven, bombs, gun-carriages, limbers, handspikes, cutlasses, carbines, jelly bags, and all. THE VOLUNTEERS.—The Volunteers ar* greatly elated at the success that attended tbe Wimbledon demonstration, aiid the favorable report exto'rted from "George, Duke of Cambridge, who, as is well-known, is not too well disposed towards them. It is now admitted, even in the most Conservative of military circles, that for purposes of defence the Volunteers would in one -month, -when all tbe week and timid had been eliminated, become a more effective force than the regular army, because "possessed oi higher intelligence, greater freedom of action, and a nobler patriotism. The 'Volunteer Army is, perhaps, "the tinest in the planet," and knowing .this, the pnblic wink lit their trifling individuaj- faults, and shut their-eyes to their Strutting and showing off ajs they .do, and their ears to their bands, which are quite a nuisauce, parading the streets at late hours at night and generally conducting themselves very loosely,- both musically and socially. FROM THE HOME NEWS. . Ops RELATIONS WITH AMERICA.—The correspondent xif the Times says :—Yes, war with Europe, war with England, is the ol ject of the Americans' most ardent aspiration. They talk about it with a zest, with a glibness, which perfectly amazes me. Were there' a conspiracy among them all to hoodwink, tii bamboozle, to impose upon me, I must say that they could hardly have learnt their part with greater deligence; they would scarcely; practice their lesson upon me with more consumate skill, con- <kert. and unanimity. The feeling «f hostility to England, which was deep and earnest in New York, acquires fresh liveliness and intensity as I draw near to the seat of government in Washington." It may be- all "idle va^pOrine and big talk. There may be nothing in it. Men must judge of it in England as their sober judgment prompts them ; but I cannot help seeing and noticing what falls before my daily observation. If men ever meant what they say the Americans must and will have war with England—a big war, a war like what they are now waging with tbe South, grautiug no quarter, and aiming at utter extermination. NEW YORK BOMBAST.—The New York Herald concludes a characteristic article against England and France as follows :—In a word, then, it L> our duty, as well as our interest, to attack England and fiance as soon as this war is concluded. The Southern people are equally incensed against Europe for holding out false and deceitful promises, not one of which have ever been fulfilled, and will gladly fight with us iu such a cause. Thus all animosities between the North aud South will be lost in the common interests apd fortunes of such a conflict; all the social and political problems which threaten to perplex u^ will be easily solved; all tbe dangers of a too sudden recurrence to peace will be averted ; our gallant soldiers and brave generals will be gloriously employed ; the military and naval talent of our citizens, just beginning to show itself in numerous improvements in the method and the matiriel of war, will be suitably developed, France will be driven out of Mexico, and England from Canada, and the United States, more powerful than ever before, will embrace this whole continent, and, like ancient Rome, practically rule tbe world. A LONG DOCTOR'S BILL—Beck v. Sterne.- This case-was heard at Croydon Assizes on the SOth August. The plaintiff claimed for medical attendance and professional services rendered to tbe 'defendant. The case reads more like a story out of a jest book than a grave legal report Dr Sndw Jieck had a friendly acquaintance and some business relations with Mr Sterne, occasionally prescribed for the family, twice attended J£re Bterne as accoucheur, and-dined with them very frequently. He was paid for his medical services, partly in money and partly in present^ and seemed quite content; but, quarrelling "with 'his friend, he Buddenly produced a bill.for three years' attendance amounting to £5i)l. It"was~ proved that "he had not mentioned this claim even in a previous reference to an arbitrator, that some of the items were for attendance at his patient's dinners, and that <charged j£3 Ss Cor each attendance. The juiy «ould not stand it, stopped plaintiff's counsel toeay they had made tip their minds, and brought in JR. verdict for defendant- the judge declaring that in his experience he had never hfeard adaim so outrageous. \- - A- VERY SEMASE&BUS; LIBEL CASE has been' tried at Nenagh before Saroii Hughes and a epeSH ^ury." The action was brought by Mr Spring, liicl^to recover idamagesforanalleged libel published in the. 'lAjnerick Reporter,' by the Jlev. Thomas Ryan, P.P. It Appeared in the ^orin iof*a letter signed ^Qiaejof the People.tr: \- it jstated that an in ves tigation had been held:rat .Mr Rioe's house, when me-following astonndihg- fparfajcularsp&meontA;! threatening lettetrhad'toen^buhd ou his premises w»minghimto |»repare for^deatfc in consequence of evicting'a-fcmily. &e; sent- for the police, and seemed greatly'alarmed. -But it was Stated in the libd that the letter was written to Mr Bice; at bis own instiga&dn;, by Bridget Dunne; his r patlourmaid. It was to repel this foul charge the action was .brought../. The maid was produced on the trial, aud deposed that she did write tbe let'er under her master's direction, as stated iu the liliel, aud also a letter to herself as if from a lover iu Kilkee. The latter was intended to corroborate a statement which he desired her to make—that she wrote the first in the hope of frightening the family back to Kilkee. Mr Rice was examined, and positively contradicted her evidence. He was corroborated by Mrs Rice. The jury found a verdict against the priest. Damages £20, aud sixpence costs. TROOPS FOR NEW ZEALAND.—It has been decided by the Government not to carry out their original intention of employing a force of Sikhs in New Zealand The reasous for this change have nothing to do with the remarks made iu the House of Commons upon the constitutional question supposed to be involved in the employment of Iudian troops nut of India. It arises from fiuancial considerations alone, it being found .that, as a matter of economy as well as financial symmetry, it is desirable to: have the whole force in New Zealand composed of Europeans. Upon consideration, therefore, the Government have determined, and we think wisely, to substitute European for Sikh soldiers in New Zealand. It was originally iutentcd to send General Cameron 3000 additional tn>o|is, and this number will be adhered to. The Iudian establishment will be feft for the moment short <>fia regiment by the divenion of the 50th to -New Zealand, but this will not cause practical inconveuience,and it. is not intended to send out the 55th," ^the corps now standing first on the roster for foreign service. When these armngemeuts are completed. Gen. eral Cameron will Jiave under his command the 1st bottalion 12th, 2nd battalion 14th, 2nd battalion 18th, 40th, 50th, 57th, 65th, 70tli, and two battalious from India, making 10 iu all, or a force of about 7000'bayonets. "The American Iliad in a Nutshell."—Under this title there appears in JJacmiUcut's M zine for this month a little article by Mr Carlye. It is about the smallest magazine article ever published. Here is the whole vf it:—Peter of the North (to Paul of the South).—Paul, you unaccountable scoundrel, I find you hire your servants for life, not by the month or year as I do ! You are going straight to Hell you— ! 1 Paul—Goods words, Peter! The risk.is my own ; I ain willing to take the risk. Hire you your servants by the month or the day, and get straight to Heaveu ; leave me to iny own method. . Peter—No, I won't. I will beat your brains out first 5 (Aud is trying dreadfully ever since, but cannot yet manage it) T. C. May, 1863. DUELLING.—A certain noble lord, who has always invited popularity among the volunteers, has sent a challenge to a gallant major holding high rank iu the oldest-metropolitan corps. The dispute arose as to which of the corps should have the priority of marching past at Wimbledon. The result of t be challenge has not transdired. The m:ijor is an excelleut swordsman. STOP MY PAPISR.—We were sitting in our elbow-chnir ruminating -on the decided advantage of virtue over vice, when a little Frenchman, with a cow hide as long as himself, and twice as heavy, rushed into our presence. '•Sa.ir," said hie, and he stopped to breathe. " Well, sir?" we said. " .Monsieurf said he, stoppiug again to breathe. " Diable, Monsieur!!" and he flourished the cowhide about his head. 'Really, my friend," said we smiling—for he was not an object to be frightened about— " when you have completely finished amufitig yourself with that weapon, we should like to be master of our own leisure." " No sair ; I have come to whip you, horsewhip you wid dis cowhide !" We took » pistol from the drawer and cockcd it. "Pardon me, sair," said the Frenchman, "I will first give you some little explanatjnn, monsieur, if you' have writ dis article." WeTlSMced it fiver and acknowledged ourselves the author. It was a few lines referring to the great improvements in railroads, and intimating the mode of travelling would one day supersede every other. " You have writ dat in your papair V " Yes, sir." " Well, den sair, stop your rascaille papair. I have devote all my life to ride de balloon I I shall look to find everone witli his little balloon—to ride on horseback in the air—to go round the' world in one summair, and make one rich (ike Monsieur Astair wid the big hotel. Well, Monsieur, now you rut piece in yonr papair to say dat de railroad, Monsieur, de,little railroad supersede—dat is what you say—supersede everything else. Monsieur,*! have de honor to inform you dat de road nevair supersede de balloon ; and so. Monsieur, stop your-vile papair."—American Paper. I WEST TO WASHINGTON for the purpose, and iut up at a leading hutel, where seeing the andlord, I accosted with—" How dlye do, squire J " Fifty cents, sir," was his reply. " ciir }" " Half a-dollar. ."We charge twentyfive cents for lookin at the landlord, and fifty for speaking to him. If you want a supper, a boy will show you to the dining room for twenty-five cents. . Your room bein in the teuth story, it will cost- you a dollar to be shown up there."—" How much do you ax a man for bre*thin in this equinomikal tarvun !" sed L "Ten cents a breath," was his reply.—Artemus Ward, the dumman. SETTING DOWN A REGULAR STAKE.—'Why,' said a physician to his intemperate neighbor, ' don't you take a regular quantity every day ? Set a regular stake, that you will go so far and uo further.' ' I do,' replied the other, ' but I set it down so far off that I get drunk before I get to it.* A GOLD DIGGER'S EPITAPH.—The following was taken from, a head-boaitl at a grave in the Sparta-Diggings, California; and, taking'the orthography into consideration, is ah apparently unconscious blendiugof the serio-comic with the would-be sublime:— In memory of John Smith, who met wierlent death neer this spot, 16 huudred and 40 too. He was shot by his owupistill; it was not one of the new kind, but a old fashioned brass barrel, and of. such is the Kingdom of. JXe&ven.; 