BRISBANE. [nw oe« vemmmttamtsr.'l Braun. UOVMC, JCLT 6. Wax* I hA «trot* there «ere four élection» etítl«»deoided, .* tara* «e were ««rare; now. wg are i» Bow i im af retain istsnTifroee with »a|WtwlwraBw«af «ile four. Of the Laich* bardi yost doubtless knew man than «re do. t\\.ia regarded down here aaajcrosa sell, buraao* of the rttircnumt of Uesar*. fraser and Wilki* fron the aeeoa, and the non-appearance of Kr. Welsh, hut I do sat aaa whatiJae could have bena dewe under the «rea nwt« norw. When . positive a**i faeritabt* defeat atan» a man in the lara. ?wihnaaaamiMjuof ad rm« in mirnee*, and .wt baa» aw of hi» om dentsxita, wiatt ia he to alair t hare hoard fran farr pod eothxjritT, that the leichhardt rnrnrliratrnrj actaally eon. aiataof the raaidenta in mud around Taroom, eo thal thia tweet important and populous townahip .attda two member» to parliament- The éjec- terai roll baa been eo managed, (or m*rmaxaured\\) that the Taroom favourite» inevitahlv became the IVeiehhardt »ember*, bot I have no doubt good «itt come out of it, for men who have suf- fered involuntary disfrsjnebisement OBOS, are not likely to ran the risk of it again, and the C. P. S. st Taroom will be troubled a little more next February than he has been hitherto. The ne unaitatad retreat of Means. Fraser and Wilkie has, how Ci et, aecured one odemmUge to the co- lony, inasmuch a* the legislature will not be deprived of the eloquent and peerless Boyds! That inimitable statesman, who may be chimed .rith the sauls of the day, will again enlighten us by bi* erudition, charm us by bi« rjohsbed ad- dresses, and throw a halo of radiance around the .-beautiful head" of the gentleman tn front of him. Of Gordon Sandetnan the colony of the present know* little. He represented the north- ern district* in the Sydney parliament some years ago, and said little and did less. What he may torn ont to be now we shall hare to wait to ase. Many people hare confound him with your bte rained sad valuable representative of the same Ok, bot, bad a* be may be, Gordon Sandetnan i* better than your email Alfred the final, anyhow you may choose to fix it. The goose of poor Haly is cooked. The Burnett people, for acme reason or other not clearly ex pbunrri, hare set vp another idol in his place, and the «-Treasurer . colleague is Mr. Edwardes, of Ban lian-the identical place haunted by the the naughty ghost who used to contribute those earthing bot shadowy lucubrations to the Marwtoromgi Clromirir. Mackenzie got 80 «otas, Edwarde«, TS, and Haly, A4, the latter haring thu* lost ground most terribly. The you know all about ; of Edwardes, as a ne» tuan, I can only say what 1 have heard, vii : -that be is possessed of a large amount of com mon aanae, mach intelligence, and an honest spirit of independence. It he be possessed of these qualities, he wfll be a valuable acquisition in the house, which bas hitherto had an undue eba» of miserable mediocrity. The Western Down* election faa* terminated in the return of the two former members. Moffatt and Taylor, the first-Bamed polling 17$ and the latter 152 Totes. White did sot gain more than 63 votes, and it served him right. He proposed Taylor at the m^mination, but, thinking that Pumpkin'e chance was bad because hi* name was hooted by tba Drayton poojde, he got somebody to bring bim forward there and then. So the story goea, and 1 think yon will agree with me that it wss scarcely proper for htm to propose, and then oppose, even a Taylor. The latter is said to be hard at it, manufacturing a lot of bad Joke* wherewith to twit the new members, some of whom he professed to regard with the most supreme contempt, but he is not invulnerable himself, by any means, and may be made to wince by the very men he will try to silence. Aa to the fate of poor little Ferrett, the old member for Maranoa, 1 have not yet received any definite information, but it is rumoured that be has been shorn of his laurels by Kennedy, of Tierey-bou, who IP reportad tu have been returned bv a larne msioriiv. Although the result of the Leichhardt election hu placed thc ministry in a stronger position, prospectively, than was expected, they vet cannot be said to be safe. It is broadly asserted that the Hallway Bill will be con- siderably altered when uext it is laid before the House, and if it be, lite Government will only have afforded another proof of their total dis- regard of constitutional procedure. They lure boaatingiy averred, orer and over again, that they vent to the country on the Bail way Bill, aaa that they intended to stand or fall by it, bot if the bul bo altered and modified ii cannot he said to be the same measure, and if they in- troduce it as auch, they will bc flouting a lie in the lace of the whole colony. That they mean to revise the «tímate* they have sdnritted, and Mr. Herbert has also stated tl ist the session will he hot short. Three of the cabinet-Herbert, Pring, and Macalister, together with the oilier members Cir Ipuwich and West Moreton, have bren ß-ted by some filly or sixty ol their con- stituents iii the hall of thc School of Arts, Ipswich. "Blowing" waa the order of the evening, and the ministers did their chsre of it, bat I doubt u hellier they would think their speeches exactly prudent, when " cool resection came." To say the least of it, they mere very imprudent, and can only be condoned on one ground, rix. : tliat they were post-prandial orations. Macalister,-who has reached the smith of his fame, though not of bis ambition, alluded to the opposition as " a set of crazy indrridiiali," »ho were ouK anxious to turn the Government out eo that they might take their places. Pring-who, hy some extraordinary means, became rather excited after dinner, said be had no doubt hi» leader " would ably tell them whs*, the Government intended to do," andproduoeda «mall seuration by telling them that " Ipswich could not long continue to be looked upon as the second town in the colony." Herbert, more wOv than his colleagues, said that be did not " altogether concide with dial etatement," but intimated that the Govern Bent would stick t J thc railway question, and said that " the idea of raising the question ol constitutional reform at the present momeni was most absurd." I have no doubt Mr Herbert, in hi» inner self, believes it to be mon troublesome than absurd, and il it strange, too that be should make such an assertion as thu in the tace of the action taken by the minmir; ai the session of 1HC2, w hen they introduced thei: precious mea rares for electoral reform, and th« reform of the I'pper House. After talking th« both last quoted, he urged them to look to tin ' ¿ registration of their totes, and then butter« ap the I pa sicilians to such an extent that i might have rai*ed a blush even on the cheek o .Took Pettigrew. But then-it was after dinner and bessies, no one knows better how to re podarte hi» cati «prêche», as reported, than B O. VT. Harbert;- jun a* be will repudian hi» haring pecaiiaad the Brisbane alec toa to bring in a T compcebensiv UMil-e of electoral reform," should be be eve twitted with in the House. The goveromen' saayr croa as inucii a« they please, and each flaj bs» wings tike a jubilant cheuùejoer, upon bu «sra dunghill, bot it may happen that their tú» wnS change before long. Boasting alone wi] Mot (fivs them a working toajoidy in the House aa» if they have such a majority, my name ai co -«rhat it is. Ba* if we haw a miinslerial crisis, ve «hall | only bo tallowing the rjrerelhag uwhion. The Tietoriac fortnaattA-Duffy ram Q'S>mi»n - hare haen kicked oat of office br a thumping atiajutity. and South Australia is going through anrtb-» electiosi, whûa Mr. Cowper s position ut Hew South YVsles » by no mean» impregnable ast tba auMtisay, it may br said to be a trifle shaky. Sa, roa see, if Mr. kleckrtuur should be «aent for" before the Houses hare sat a month, «re abai! only be folioamg stut Tesu- old friend end fermer representative. Hr. rV-t-*. »»»."»« here just sow, and as* a* of h» tbs ether day showed that be si faut mtaúndful of his old constituents, though fr lúa political ooaneetica with them bad ceased. = witta the "Hannah Hore" pot into this port S abort «i prosswons, there aw awtttst ltoci V-wwasfSsaaasw* bera «rho Brsweadrd that the wiatt nia*.»V vmm\ to Brisbane wa» »a » pataned -!3bs*afc so as tc keep the iinmignuits bare, ftltiia -Wiling- wat never uttered, bat of tb»t point DO mor*. Fitmaunotu beard ot tiúa, and determined te nit anon th« Colcairn] lascretaiy «nd «Carotin kw mteetians. Ur. Edmondatone, our «orthy Mayor, «ad Mr. Pugh, ow of the city members, accompanied him, and I wa» in- formed that Mr. Herbert ga rr a diatinct promise that no immigrant« who had wowed pa-go éartinoBtea tW Keppel Bay, and over whom the gunemuuMit had any control, ahould be alic wed to land bera, bot ahould be taken on to Rock- hampton by steamer. This, of «Mtrae, will answer every purpose, and will be all the better tor tbs consignees of the cargo; who hare already «uffared considerable loss and ineon Vwaieoc* br reason of the length of the vessel's voyage. Those passengers who baie paid for their own transit cannot of course be controlled ; any more thaa the captain of mu East Indiaman put into the Oap« could compel his aa bin pas- sengers to go on to India if they did not choose to do to. Tba waeel, however, was placed in quarantine ea ber arrival, several cases of hoop- ing oonah existing on board, and has not yet been rebasad Fitsstjnmoai it a mott worthy and kind-hearted gentleman-an indubitable brick, in tact,-and it is a great pity that you ever bad the misfortune to lone him for a Sande man. The member* of the Ciril Service here bed several meeting* lately, at which their several powtionaa* government officer* have been the topic of nWumon. Their purpose ia, I believe, to frame a measure for their own protection, and get a private member to introduce it-the govern- ment having intimated that they will give it a general support. The bill will be, I should imagine, a very different production to that in- troduced by the ministry during a former session, j and which was as body objected to by the ser vant* of the government as by the Opposition, i >"o doubt the officers of the Omi Service are as ! much entitled to protection as any other body of I men, and anyone who knows the working of our government offices will know that such a measure i* not onlv desirable, but necessary. The steamer " Pluto"-which is intended, so I understand, to take the place of the " Star of Australia," in the Srdneyand Brisbane trade, while the " Murray7, is undergoing repair, left Sydney for this port on the 26th ultimo, and has not yet been heard of. tihe is said to liave passed the "Tarra Tarra" on the 28th ultimo off Cape Byron, and it wa* also stated that both vessels were running before a strong southerly gale. The " Pluto " had a very valu- able cargo on board at the time, and on deck she had two boilers, weighing about twenty tons each, intended tor the steam saw mills of Me«r». Birley and Cocks, of this town. This weight would certainly render her top heavy, and it is feared tlutt the boders must hare got loose, owing to the rolling of the vessel, and caused her to capsize. The master of her had never been on this coast before, and I am told that he is the atnie person who had charge of the "Lord Worsley " steamer when she was wrecked on thc Xrw Zealand coast. She had only one passenger on board, but had a valuable cargo, much of which was uninaured. Thereis still room for hope, of course, but the grounds for sanguine expecta- tions a-e very slight, and it is to be feared thc unfortunate vessel and ali on board of her hare " gone down into the great deep." We luve bad another fire in Brisbane, and another appeal to the Corporation urging the prosecution of some scheme for the supply of this place with water. The conflagration in this instance was in a house in William-street, ad- joining the back premises of Mrs. McCabe's Hotel, occupied by Mr. W. F. Smith, a clerk in the employ of Messrs. J. and ti. Harris. Mr. ä. was out, spending the evening with a friend, and Mrs. S. in putting thc children to bed, foolishly held a naked candle inside the bed cur- tains while she was driving out the mosquitoes. The curtains caught at once, and, although the house was built of brick, the ceilings were nothing more than canvas covered with paper. The conséquence was a speedy ignition, and so rapid was the spread of the flames that the inmates only spared what they stood up in, and thc chil- dren were saved br the "akin of their teeth." Everything Mr. Smith had was destroyed, and, unfortunately for him, he was uninsured. Thc fire gave very great alarm at first, but, ss in the case of the recent fire at the Victoria Hotel, the evening was beautifully calm, and the mischief was therefore prevented from spreading. As usual, there is another row about the ineflicenry of the Fire Brigade, but it is too bad to expect men to be as efficient and as useful without proper appliances as they could be with them. This day week it was announced that a «mall craft had anchored off Lytton in the evening, boasting of the curious appellation of "Hamlet's Ghost." It turned out that the little craft had been built by the shipwrecked crew of thc schooner "Prince of Denmark," which vessel was wrecked on the Chesterfield Group of islands, on the 19th of March bust. As you may suppose, the new arrival, and the strange story of peril and enterprise her master, Opt. J. H. Bennett, had to tell, aroused a great amount of interest. She is a very large whale boat, schooner-rigged, with a complete suite of sails, &c-or; rather, they are as complete as the circumstances of the case would allow them to be. I believe Captain Bennett will try and se!! his tittle vessel before be leave* Brisbane, but f am afraid the demand for lightering craft baa very much lessened of late. Tbs citizens of Brisbane have at length aroused themselves in the matter of registration, and have formed a "liberal ltegistratiou Society," on a "no party" and utisectarian spirit- If you know ss much as sse do down herc of the evil of involuntary ûUaû-anchiseoieiit, you will follow suit. Five new appointments to the Legislative Council were gazetted on Saturday, namely, Messrs. 3. Bramston, B. St. George Gore, itt. J. Smith, E. S. C- Brow ne, and F. North, but I must forbear further notice of these until to-morrow, when I win send you a postcript per " Queens- land." 