MISCELLANEOUS. Tx sporting circles the forthcoming Champion liace, at Ballarat, on 1st prox., attracts great attention. Some score of nags were originally entered for the great eveut, but the withdrawals have been so numerous that only nine horses now remain ou the card, and of these it is not expected that over five will start. Still there will be a great gathering on tho oc casion, and much money will change hands. The Theatre has been open occasionally during the month by a company composed partly of amateurs and partly of profes sionals, but with no great results in a pecuniary sense. Professor Pepper's Poly technic Ghost was exhibited for two nights in the Mechauies' Institute, but from some hitch in the arrangements the illusion was not at all so perfect as previous accounts had led people to expect, and the whole affair was voted a failure. The exhibitor was an accredited agent of Mr Pepper. There was a good muster of the Geelong Troop of Light Horse at the Orderly- room, in Yarra-street, on the 11th instant, to wit ness the presentation of a sword to Mr William Eraser previous to his departure to New Zealand. Captain Bell was in the chair, and there were present Colonel Rede, of the Artillery Brigade, and Captain Burton, a number of members of the troop, and a few private friends of Mr Fraser. Sergeant Curie having announced Lieutenant Fraser's resignation, which was unanimously though regrettcdly accepted, Captain Bell pre sented Mr Fraser with the sword, and an address on parchment, expressing a firm conviction that if duty called the blade would be used to the best advantage to the cause in which it was drawn. Mr Fraser feel ingly thanked the company, and especially his comrades, for the honor they had done him. He'valued the sword, as coming from his comrades in arms, at a hundred times more than its intrinsic price, and promised lie should prove himself worthy of their confidence and esteem. He expressed great regret at leaving bis comrades, but hoped to be back among them again. An extensive seizure of opium, tobacco, cigars and rice spirit was made on 15th inst. in Melbourne, portion of the cargoes laden in the ships Jack Frost and King fisher from Hong Kong. The contraband cnods were packed in jars and passed at the Customs as preserves, crackers, &c.;, and 011 the portion already seized the duties amount to between L3,000 and L4.000. Some of the contraband goods were con signed to Kong Meng and Co., of Little Bourke- street, but how far the firm was privy to the fraud does not appear. The Commissioner of Customs has long entertained suspicion that certain importers of Chinese goods were smuggling, and on the arrival of the Jack Frost and the Kingfisher, he felt a conviction that nil was not right as regards the consignments by these ships, especially those for which a sight clearance was asked, and steps were taken to obtain proof. Difficulties were placed in the way of the i clearance of goods, still a considerable portion of the cargoes had been warehoused; strange officers were brought in to facilitate the scheme of detection, and a Chinese interpreter was brought from the country, of whom the Melbourne Chinese knew little or notbing. On previous occa sions the Chinese had always been ex tremely ready in unpacking the goods for examination, and it seems they had good reason to do so, as each package was so j marked 111 Chinese characters as to indicate those which were all right for the inspection of the officers and those which wero not. The Chinese interpreter pointed out that a small and very insigni ficant mark borne by some of the packages meant "dirt." 'l'iiese were invoiced, jure the others, as " fire crackers," and other harmless goods, and tho "dirt" packages were made up in weight and appearance to resemble the others exactly, but the latter were found to contain opium, tobacco and rice-spiri's. A divorce case, in which His Honor Mr Justice Molesworlh is plaintiff, and Mrs Moleswortii and B. D. Ireland, late I Attorney-General are respondents, has been pending for several years, but was set down for positive trial by special appoint ment on Wednesday last. When called on, application was made for a postpone ment till Saturday (to-morrow), which was granted by the court. The object of this postponement was not stated, but it is understood it was with the view of effecting a private settlement between the plaintiff I and the respondents, without the necessity of entering into a public hearing of the case. The first cause of difference between the plaintiff and the respon dent is said to have occurred at Castlemaine in the year 1855. Mr Moleswortii, it is said, relies mainly on an admission by the female respondent to prove the guilt of Mr Ireland, and evidence derived from corroborative circumstances. Mr Ireland's defence is understood to be chiefly in the production of evidence that after the time of the alleged offence, and at a time when any circumstances relied on by Mr Molesworth to prove its commission * were fully within his knowledge, ho con doned it by appearing at Government Rouse, and other places, diuingiu company I with the respoudent, and privately cohabit-1 ing with her. For remainder of Summary see Supplement. ] 