SHIPPING DEPARTURE. December 15.—Young Australia, Black Ball ship, 767 tons, Captain Phillips, for London. Pas- sengers :—Saloon—Mr and Mrs. Loveday, Misses Loveday (5), Master Loveday, Mr. and Mrs. Painter, Miss Painter, Rev. Mr. Ransome and Mrs. Ransome, Master Ransome, Dr. and Mrs. Bouthron, Messrs. Watson, Miniprio, Abrahams, Ashworth, Captain Brough, Dr. Robinson, Dr. Brock, and Dr. Barry. Second Cabin—Mr. and Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Greenwood and two children, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Sluise and three children, Mr. and Mrs. Wride and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Cox, Misses Atherton (2), Mrs. Marmion and one child, Messrs. F. Ende, J. Burley, G. R. Smith, and Master Burley. IPSWICH STEAMER.—This day, the Ipswich will leave the A.S.N. Company's wharf at 12.30 p.m. ; the Bremer will start from Harris's wharf at 10 a.m. ; and the Diamond will start from the same wharf on her first trip to the above place at 11 a.m. ; the Settler also will leave Raff's wharf at 12 noon. The Gneering, stern-wheel steamer, cleared out for Mooloolah yesterday, and sailed last night. The Clarence, steamer, left Sydney for Brisbane on Monday evening last. She will be followed by the Telegraph, which will probably leave for Bris- bane with the Queensland portion of the English mall, either on Thursday evening or on Friday morning. The schooner Coraki sailed from the mouth of the river yesterday morning for the Richmond River. The Urara will leave for Sydney at half-past 11 o'clock this morning. The Hamlet's Ghost was launched yesterday, at high water from off the stocks adjoining Mr. Pet- tigrew's mills, on to which she had been taken to undergo her refit. Her present appearance on the water gives promise of fast-sailing qualities. The masting and rigging are expected to be finished in about a week from this date, and we believe that it is the intention of her owner to enter her for one or more of the sailing races at the Cleveland Regatta which is to take place on Boxing day. The Black Ball ship Rockhampton cleared Cape Moreton on Monday last. When the pilot left her a fair westerly breeze was blowing. For some time past very severe weather has been experienced along our coasts, both by steamers and sailing vessels, and, indeed, one vessel belonging to our port has been compelled to return through stress of weather. The schooner Unknown left the mouth of the river for Laguna Bay on Wednesday last, and after beating about in the teeth of strong north and north-east winds, was at last compelled to bear up for Brisbane when within three miles of Laguna Head. She turned back at 4.30 p.m. on Sunday last, and on Monday she stood for Bribie Passage to seek shelter, but as the weather became thick and squally, it was deemed advisable to run in to the mouth of the Brisbane, where she arrived during Monday night. By telegram, we received intelligence on Monday of the destruction by fire of the steamer Bunyip, on the River Murray ; the following further particulars respecting her may not prove uninteresting.—The Bunyip was the property of Mr. Randall, of Manam, on the Murray, at which place she was built. According to her original construction, she was what is called a twin-boat, that is, two vessels laid side by side with a space between, in which a large paddle-wheel works. At that time she had two boilers, one in each boat, which supplied steam to a pair of oscillating engines, on the high pressure principle. In October, 1862, her owner went to a great expense in making alterations. The centre wheel was taken out, and the space between the boats built together, and new bow added, thus making a vessel of the same beam as the original centre-wheel boat, but of much greater length. One of the boilers also was dispensed with, which materially decreased the consumption of fuel. The stern- wheel was adopted as the method of propulsion, and though the engines were not constructed or indeed adapted for this purpose, she steamed much faster than she did previous to her alterations. At the termination of the season of river navigation, an ar- rangement was made with a firm in Adelaide to refit her machinery, and since then she worked satisfactorily till the time of her catching fire. Chambers's station, the place near to which she was burnt, is about 300 miles from the town of Goolwa, in South Aus- tralia, and near to the mouth of the Murray. 