WEDNESDAY, JULY 29. (Before W. Gunn, Esq., P.M.) Drunkards.-Alexander Miller and Mary Donn were each seat to gaol for a month, and Elizabeth Donovan was lined 10s. Disturbing the Peace.-Catherine Martin was fined 20s. for this ofienco. Larceny.-William Smith was remanded till Monday on the chargo of having stolen a pair'of boots, the property of William Cole. Embezzlement.-''Thomas Corbett Sprunt, on remand, was charged with having embezzled the sum of £1 3s. 4d., the moneys of his master, Edward French, brewer.-Mr. Rochor watched the case on behalf of prisoner.-Mr. French stated that prisoner had been his clerk, and managed the business, making out and re ceiving payment of all accounts, of which he rendered a statement to witness at various times, but generally every Saturday. A bill to the late Mr. George Burgess, of the Tas manian Inn, for £1 3s. 4d., for 18 gallons of ale, dated 28th Match, and receipted by prisoner was produced, and Mr. French said that no entry of the delivery of the ale, or of the payment of the account, was made in any of his books. He became acquainted with this defalcation on prisoner's part two or three months' since, and about a fortnight since discharged him from his service as things were going wrong.-Mrs. Burgess, of the Tasmanian Inn, was next examined, and at first stated that she remembered paying to prisoner the amount, .1 3ls 4d, of the account produced, the bill being then receipted by him and given to her. In cross-examination by Mr. Reocher, however, she said she could not swear positively whether the bill was paid by herself, her husbland, or her son.-The case was then further remanded till Satur day. (Beforoe W. Gonn, Esq., P.M., and Alderman Moyers.) Larceny.-John Wilson pleaded guilty to the charge of lha-ing stolen a pocket vice from Mr. Crookes' ironmongery shop, and wDs sent to gaol for six months. Prisoner went into the shop on Tuesday afternoon to purchase a vice, and an after lie had visited and left the shop on previous occasions articles had been missed, and lihe was suspected of having stolen them,lthe shopman who attended hinm adopted means to ascertain whether lihe was the guilty party. Ile purchased one vice, and imme diatoly after his dcparture it was found that iaotller one hand disappeared. He was at one foillowecl and given into custody, the stolen article being found in his possession. C.slanclct.-A meeting of nll persons inter ested in lithe proposed Carrick rural municipality Is convenred for Wednesday next, at two p.n., at the Carrlok otelo.. INsoLvENr CounT.--Thero is only one meeting set down for, to-day, viz., a special one for proof of debt in re R. W. Butler, of Loaun. ceston, solicitor. SENTENCE OF DEATh.-ThE Executive has resolved that the sentence passed on the man Dennis Collins, convicted at the recent sitting of the Supreme Court in this town, of an unnatural offence, shall be carried into effect; and accord-. ingly the criminal will suffer the extreme penalty of the law on next Tuesday week, the 11th of August. EAnLY STnAW?RnttrEn.-IIn Mr. William Windeatt's garden, Victoria Terrace, may now be seen numbers of strawberries in an advanced stage of growth, many of them promising to turn out very fine. It was but last season that thm plants were aot. SUNDAY Se,,OOL UcION.-A meeting of taE members of the Northern Tasmanian Sunday School Union will be held in St. Andrew's Church School-room, at half-past seven o'clock to:morrow evening, for the purpose of electing a committee and offilce-bearers. Those Sabbath School teachers who have not yet joined the Union, hbt are desirous of doing so, are also re quested to attend, In order that their names may be enrolled. Tun COLLReCTO orF CUSTOaMS.-Gross mis statements have been nmade respecting Mr. Willis and Mr. Sherwin in reference to the probable amount to be realised from the package duty. It was on Tihursday last that Mr. Sherwin went to the Custom House, and told the Collector he wished to ask one or two questions a as member of Parliament, and that be in. tended to make use of the Collector's replies. lie then asked Mr. Willis if lie thought the packageo duty would realise as much as the ad maloremduty? Thoe latter replied that hisopinion was not of any value, because the package duty was a new impost, and he was without any re liable data ; but so far as he could at present form an opinion he thought t would come near to the ad ealorem duty, which was a falling revenue. Mir. Sherwin then wished to know what the Collector thought the revenue might be under the new tariff. IMr. Willis said it depended on what the package duty would realise, but perhaps it would be about 70,0001. The interview only fasted for a minute or two Immediately after Mr. Sherwin left, and to pre vent any mistakes lMr. Willis wrote a few lines marked " private," giving Mr. Sherwin the figures by which he arrived at the above estimate, viz, that the ad valoremo at the lowest would perhaps be £22,000, and that the package duty at the highest might be £20,000 -£8000 at Launceston and £12,000 at Hobart Town. Such, we believe, are the exact facts and figures, which have been magnigaied, distorted, and twisted into every imaginable shape. Mr. Willis, with his accustomed urbanity, gave that Information to Mr. Sherwin which he was bound to give to any member of Parliament, or to any mercantile man in the community. FINOAL QUAIlT RoEErs.-Soveral pieces of quartz have been received from Mangans within the last day or two by a gentleman in town, as a sample of the stuff being crushed by Mr. Downing's machine. They are very rich, the gold being seen distinctly with the naked eye. A MOMENTO OF TIIIS Now ZEALAND WAIR. -The captain of the Lady Denisol has brought from New Zealand a spear, sent by Captain De Veaux, for his Excellency the Governor. We un derstand that the spear is of hardwood, measuring about seven feet, and to the end is attached an old bayonet, thus forming a formidable description of pike. This weapon was taken from a dead Maori after the rascal had killed a sergeant of one of our regiments with it.-Yesterday's sllercury. NEW M?IICIPAL BIaLL.--'WV have iteeived a copy of the new Municipal Bill, which repeals all other acts relating to monicipalities, and em bodies their provisions with certain amendments and additions. EXPIn~Ens FROM PonT ARTnun.-At the meeting of tile Municipal Cosncil in Hobart Town the Mayor stated " that it was mentioned to the Police Committee on Suaurday, that during the week no less than 20 expi, ,es had arrived in town from Port Arthur. This wuuld be the cause of a guod deal of crime in town and also of distress among the men themselves. Many of these were decrepit beings, who were obliged to become beg gars onil the streets, or to go back to the ptlce whence tsey had come. This was a very lament able state of things, especially as many of the men were inflirm and old." If'common sense had Ibee followed years ago the whole number of such persons would have been in Eng!asd, the place of their birth, and the laud from wvhence they were expatriated. Five sovereigns and the cost of their passage would not amount to a simple year's keep We seem to make and cliug to our grievanceso, in stead of casting them off. POULTavY SIow AT IIouAnT Towe. The Annual Elxhibition of the Tasmlanian Poul try Society was opened on Monday, at the Alli ance Rooms, Hobart Town. The local journals speak of the display of birds as extensive, varied, and excellent ; and of tihe exhibition as a decided success. The game fowl constituted upon the whole the most striking feature of the display. Hias Excellency Colonel Gore Browne and Mrs. Browne paid an early visit to the exhibition. GONnetAL Rttnviisu.-A doetailed statement of the General Revenue of Tasmania from lost April to 30th Juno 1803 is published in the Gazetlle. From this it appears that the total pay ments on account of 1863 were as follows-Sala ries, £24,396 1as lid; allowances, £1,533 l1sad; contiogonciee, rent, and transport, £30,418 Ils 8d-total, £50,84818se -Od. Total psyments on account of 1802-Coutingecole s, o, £t11,0i2 as l0d, ' Tccom.rAsa F -NweS MEAOnun.-Tho follow ing item is from a telegram of late American news which recently appeared In the Melbourne papers:-" General ThomasFranocfs Meagher has resigned the command of the Irish Brigade. He says that the brigade no longer exists. The as sault against Frederieksburg, In December last, reduced the brigade to something lees than a mini. oum regiment of infantry. 'General Meagher states that he basin vain memoriallsed the War Department that the brigade should be temporarily relieved from duty, to give the brigade time and opportunity to renew itself. That memorial was never acknowledged. General Meagher accom panied his brigade through the late ,operations at Chancelloraville, though he felt it wes in a sacri lco rather than to a victory that he was going. His command,: which was a mere handful, did its duty. To remain in command of the remnant of the brigade would be a public deception, in which the militpry reputation of a brave race would be involved. General Meagher, however, places his his services at tie disposal of the government in any capacity they may appoint." REAL PRopBRTYAesrsstuNe.-Thle fol lowing are the particulars ofa return furnlshed to Parliament at the instance of Mr. Lowes, show lng the gross amount of the assessed value of all the real property in Tasmania, in order to as certain what per centage would be required on the inecome to meet the total abolition of all Cus tons duties; distinguishing the Municipal from the Government assesment. Governnent Assess. meats-Hobart Town, £44,493 15s; Iamllton,: £24,107 ; Franklin, £9,738; Port Sorell £20,939 15s; Launceston, £22,937 10s; Westbury, £60,06610s; Campbell Town, £23,610 14s; Morveu,£35,424 10s; George Town, £6,535 8s; llorton, £15,318; Brighton, £9,103. Total £278,280 2s. Municipalities.-Clarence, £10,191 ; Sorell, £13,307; Green PFoods, £14,677 10s; Richmond, £16,823 159; Bothwell, £16,625 10s; Noew Norfolk, £14,854 13s,; Glamorgan, £10,633 Is; Spring Bay, £4,513 10s; Outlands, £37,457 2s 3d; Loegford, £52.945 3s 3d; Ross, £15,110 19s; Fingal, £21,388 2e 6d. Total £228,527 5s lid. HIobart Town, £144,480; Launceston, £80,405. Total Hobart Town and Launceston, £224,885. Grand Total, £731,692 7s lid. PenuvIAN bSLAV TnRAD.-It will be remembered that some time since we gave an account of the troclous' proceedings of several Chilian and Peruvian vessels amongst the islands of the South Pacific, and of the subsequent capture, through the efforts of the French govern ment war steamer La Toucho Treville, of three or four of these vessels and of several of the leaders of the expedition. Since that time, we learn from the-Sydney Morning Herald two of these men, vi.a, Juan Bautista Unibaso, captain of the Peru visan brig Mercedes A. do Wholey, and Lee Knapp the pilot and interpreter of the said ship, have been tried by the French authorities at Papieti on the charge of having in concert, unlawfully taken away 152 inhabitants of the Paumotus Archipe. Iage. The trial commenced on the 9th of March and lasted until nearly the close of the month. The result was that the accused were found guilty of lheoflfeces with which they were charged. Unibaso was sentenced to five years' hard labor and a flie of 18,500 francs (£770) ;and Leo Knapp to ten years' hard labor. Uoibaso and Knapp, and the representatives of Grendet, were declared, moreover, to be responsible for all costs and charges in the case. The owners of the Mercedes were also declared to be responsible for the acts of their agents, and the ship was ordered to be sold. PRcESENTATION SWORD FOR COLONEL Rus sEL.-From the Maercury we learn that a hand some sword and belt have just arrived from England to be presented to Colonel Russell, late commanding officer of the Southern Tasmanian Volunteers, as a testimonial of esteem from the officers, non-commissioned officers, and members of the various Southern Corps. The hilt is of solid silver, ornamented with the crown and bugle, and the blade, which bears a suitable in. scription, is of the finest tempered steel. The scabbard is of burnished steel, and the belt of black morocco, with silver fittings. The sword will shortly be forwarded to Sydney to the Colonel. MlEtcswNecs' INwrcTruS. -On Tuesday ven. ing a fourth lecture on " Modern Poetry" was delivered by the 1Rev. R. K. Ewing to a large and evidently interested audience, Byron and his writings being the subjects brought under can sideration. After referring to the illiberal and onjuatly severe manner in which Byron's earliest productions were criticised by. theo Edinburgh l?Reiew, the lecturer proceeded to the considera tion of Byron's genius and modes of thought, reading several extracts from the poet's works in illustration. He admired Byron's high poetical' genius, bu t assorted that his great powers had been devoted to the most unworthy conds. In some of his compositions - Don Juan, thle Corsair, and others of .a similar character being specially instanced-he had altogether, ignored the line of demarcation between virtue and vice; and whilst reading them we were almost led for the timebeing to forget-or abhorrence of vice, and to look upon it with com placency, if not with admiratiotn. The philosophy of his poetry was epicnrean, and its religion, If thIro could be said to be anythiug approaching to religion running through it, was panthelstio. At the close of the lecture, the President, Mr. IR. C. Gann, announced that on 'Tuesday evening next Mr. Ewing would again address the audience on the same subject, and on thie. following Tueday evening Mlr. O;E. Button would lecture, with ex periments on "Yoltalo electricity," Trs INQUIRY rTO Tim VOLUNTEBan Foaee.-The report of the Board appointed to onqaire into the condition and efficiency of the Volunteer Force in Tasmania, laid before Parlia ment on 24th inst., has been printed. We did not see it until a late hour last night, and consequently are unable to notice it at any length in this issue. We may, however, state that the Board amongst other things, recommend that the whole force throughout the -colony be placed under the command , of the senior officer commanding H. Mhlegular Forces in Tasmania, or some other competent officer of H. M. Forces to be appointed by the Governor, as "LieutennantColonel, or Colonel Commanding Volunteer Force, Tasmania." That the Rifle Corps of IIobart Town and suburbs be formed into one Administrative Battalion under the com mand of a qualified Volunteer oficer with the rank of Field Officer, but still under the orders of the officer commanding the whole force. That the Artillery and Rifle Corps, of Launcestoo be formed Into another administrative battalion In the same way. Both- battalions to have a paid adjutant and drill-instructor.. The report states that the country corps in. the Northern diyision do' not average 40 members neach, - and the Board recommend that no .country corps should be maintained of less than 60 members; and that when less than 30 assemble for inspection, or on, muster parades, thi services of sach a corps should he dispensed with, and the arms issued recalled. The maintenance of small mounted corps in the vicinity of Hobart Town and Launceston is recommended. The, continuance of the grant in aid of uniform at the rate of 21. per annum for each volunteer is advised; and a further grant of 10s. per annum for every volunteer who shall have obtained a certili cate that hle is an effective gunner. A stricter system of discipline is recommended, and the Board remark that amongst the members gene. rally of the several companies there would appear to have prevailed a too great laxity of discipline, and a want of habitual insubordination to au thority, and this tendency would seem to have been to a certain extent encouraged by a disin clination on the part of Commanding Officers to enforce the payment of fines. EPPEorsCT O SYnu's ON LINEN.-Dr. Dora sent in a paper to the French Academy of Science on the effects of syrup dropped on linen. All syrups, and those of sugar especially, when dropped upon cotton or linen stuffs, and exposed to a moderate temperature, deprive these stuffs of their flexibility and tenacity, and the threads break very easily under their influence. At first alght, the rent has thle appearance of having been produced by some corrosive substanuce, weak eculphurie acid, for instance. A similar effect is produced when wet linen is exposed to a certain degree of cold ; the linen becomes brittle. Dr. Dore observes that it is highly important to notice such facts, because they might sometimes, in ignor. ant minds, generate suspicious injurious to the re putation of a chemist or of a physician, or else furnish illdisposed persons with a weapon against those who attend tile sick. ANGLE-OA!f DIPFICULTIrS.--In conse quence of Dr. Newman having lately re-appeared before the public by a letter concerning the Jew. citcetera case, we Ilave receivedmanycommunica. tions upon the subject which forms the heading of this paragraph. These " Angle-can," or as we may term them, Fishing-can, " difficulties," have been placed in tie hands of a very well read hackle, who has favoured us with the following notes: A thorough knowledge of music is not absolutely necessary in playing a trout. This fish may be played in Dee, but never in sea. The best Latin work on angling is that by Cicero (hard or soft roe is not known, but he was a no. ble Roeman), entitled " De Offishiis." Most mil itary men, by which is meant the major part of them, are lovers of this sport. This remark, how ever, does . not apply to the Guards, but ' only to regiments of the line. A ram-rod is provided by Government. Any one can receive instruction in tile art of ang ling by a profshional. Tempus fugit is a Latin motto, and no poet ever used " Lime flies" at the end of a line. All classes affect the sport. When butchers amuse themselves with tiis pastime they go out lshing with a rod made of "joints" and a line of mutton. All books upon angling can be obtained at Hookem's library, but the stu dent who wishes to obtanl proflshiency must on no account neglect the study of old Isaac Walton, whom posterity has rightly christened the Judicl ous Hooker.-Punch. EXCITING TIE.-Itn shooting for an All-. Comers' Prize, at the Gloucester Rifle Association Meeting, Sergeant Thompson of the First Derby shire Rifles, acnd Private bMetford, of Bristol, tied; in' shooting off, Metford saton down, and set tied himself iota a magnificient posture, fired, and made a centre. Thompson lay down full lengtli on the turf,fired in an instant, and made a centro too. Tihe result was hailed with cLheers. Met ford then fired, and made an outer, whereupon Thompson offered to divide, but tihe offer was declined. "All right' exclaimed .Thompson, took a sip of brandy, fired, anst made an outer. Again bletford fired and scored a centre, and Thompson followed and scored a centre. He rolled over on the grass and laughed with delight, while the spectators cheered and laughed heartily. Thompson then made another offer to divide, and was again denied. " Go on then". said Thompson, "sand miss, and Pll get a bull's-eye." Motford made another, centre, and there was another cheer. Thompson fired, and at the moment the danger signal was raised'at the butts, a flag for a mau tre was raised, but immediately lowered. Thomep son claimed the shot, but :t appeared that he had almed-at thb: wrong target; the shot was there fore disallowed, and Metford was declared the winner.- Volunleer Book of Facts. M?.- nermCS' INSTITUTE.--Tho Meohanica' Ibstitnte is'the saving school for £ s. d.-a school alike for youth, manhiood, and old age. In the Mechanics'. Institute the scholars, who began and fiuished their lessons on the forms of the infant school, have lessons ever beginoing, never end ing -knowledge still widening like circles in water. In that institute the students, trained by early teaching, early prudence, may find that, whatever be the varieties, the inequalities of life, tihere is a common ground where all men may. meet, may know add be strengthened with the assurance that there are intellectual pleasures, lights of knowledge, as widely open and as free to all mon, as are the skles' above them and tho'.a oulight around them.-.Dolao .T Jrold,. A WrrtnALL.-At a salo of old naval storers which took place at Ilaulbowlilno, a. few days since, a woman residing on the island p'rhaseod an old sailor's Jacket for a small sum: On ex. amining the article 'sh found concealed in thoe lining two £5 Bank of England notes and a bank order for £90. The order appeara to be genulne,. and, as noclaimant has or Is likely to trn oupfor" the money, she will probably reap all the adpan-. tego of hor good fortune. Considerable disap- pointment was occasioned by the disov6hh to another bidder fortho article .whorba, kept up ar spirited contest with the purchker, and who had only. been outbid by 3d.-Cork Bnrald, SDsTunnANos ot TR a SEA --The Gra ham's.Tdoea Journal makes the following state meot r:- A farmer named Elliott, residlag neatr Gusha River, while crossing the mouth of-the' Keiskama, a few days since, noticed an eruption to the sea, which was violently agitated and forced upwards as from the spooling ofa whale. On ap. proaching the spot as closely as possible he per ceived that a dense body of smoke rose as from a crater, and when the tide throw the sorf over the spot It was immediately thrown some 40 or 60 yards into the air, the water for a circumfereoce of half a mile assuming the color of the blackest ink. This continued for some 15 minutes, and gradually died away with a rumbling sound." POETRY, PATHIOS, AND PATRIOTISM.- Au editor out West, on starting for the war, thus ends his valedictory to his readers :-" Again we bid you all good-bye, with a tirobbing heart and a tear-dimmed eye, which Hieaven grant may soon be dry-antd war's fell devastation cease, be neath the pure white wings of peace. Then we return to home again, o'er winding river, hill, and plain-throw down the glittering sword and spear, and none to harm and none to fear. And one great tomb, in letters fresh, shall bear these words-' lHeire lies Secesr.'" GEssINGo BY THE SouND.-Theore lately resided in Ayrshire village a nan who proposed, like Bailey, to write an etymological dictionary of the English language. Bening asked what he understood the word paihology to mean, he an swered, with readiness and confidence, I, Why, the art of road.making, to ho sure." CLHtN.eSE MOTION?' OF FuTuInrry.-.On Tuesday last, during the trial of Peang Jom and Law Yee, for robbing Ark Sing, a Chinese witness tamed Ahi Poem, upon being interrogated by Judge Callaghan as to what would become of hin after death if Iho was to lead a bad and wicked life, said that If he was a good man while alive, he would, when dead, bh a good ghost. If, on thi other hand, he led a ad lifo lie would be a bad ghost. If a very bnd man, ho might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinese wit ness (trhe prosecutor) stated, in reply to his Honor, tihat he prayed to a rooden god he had in sajosd house in China, and ii he told a lie his god would cause him to he struck by lightning, or to fall from his horse, or some other such calamity might be fall him.--Draidrwood oVew-s. CAVOUR INTEnurPTrDn.-On one remarkable occasion, a few days after a scene of the kind, in which his composure had been tried to the verge of endurance, and the President had been compelled to insist on the noisy throng of slai tors retiring from the gallery, e sorely disap poirted ihis would-be tormentors, by a few words o simple and dignified self-reliance. " I am not to be seared from speaking by unseemly dle turbanuee," said he. " What I believe to be the truth, that I will speak out despite Interruptions. If you compel me to hreak off, yoea nsult eot me but the Chamber, and I only share the insolt in common with every one of my colleagues. tiasing told you thus much, I shall proceed;" and he took up the thlrand of his argument unmovedly where he had left it. So strong had the democratic element be come in 1849, under the new Gioberti Ministry, that Cavour loot is cent ia t Parliament, and once more made tire Riorgimenot his medium of re proof and marnoig against the perilous reaction whici too surely ewaits upon mob law, and the continuance of that anomalous and ruinous state of affairs it Piedmont which made peace and war alike impossible with empty coffers and raging party feuds for ever at work on the vitals of the country. PEnarAN PoLerTca..-". Why do you persin t in oisunderstanding use? " Why," replied the Persian with equaal frankness, d"we acknowledge two motives for our actions. Ve may be forced to do a thing, or we may be bribed to do. it. Force you dare not use, for your parliament will not allow it. T'his we know ; therefore we re not afraid of you. We have nothing to hope from youea; for, lthough you are very rich, anohing will ever induce you to part with any of your money. We Persians are naturally insolent towards those from wrhom we have nothing to hope and nothing to fear. The eternal cackle of your blue- books and newspapers has long ago taught us that we are a political necessity to you as long as you maintamb your cmplre in the East. We know perfectly well that whatever we do you will not harm nous, and we do not choose to servo your purposes for nothing. One hundredth part of the sum you rnusted in making si h a silly rumpus down at Buslnire a few years ago, if well distributed among the right people, would have made us your humble servants for the neto hundred years. Aa it was, we derived a singular Ipleansuroe in provoking you, knowing perfectly well thiat we were qite safe if to doirng. We en joyed, also, mruclh amusement from the Indian rebellion, and, thad it contined, we should have scot active aid to the Insurgents, to spite yon. It woald Iave been better to give us a few tomauns." -Dickens's All the Year Iltrmrd, Sovene, BUT JUSTr !-A young lady recently entered a railroad carriaga in Paris, where there were three or four gentlemen, one of whom was lighting a cigar. Observing her, with the cha ractenistiec "politeness" of a Frenchman, he asked her If smoking would incommode her. Sihe replied, "I do not know, Sir; no gentle man has ever smokerd in my presence." AN UNEXnPECTED INTs?URUnPTruoN.-Tho late Captaion Basil Illl was dininrg at tihe house ofeta friend In Scotland ; the party was larg, and . an errand-boy from the kitchen iad been arrayed in 'same sort of livery, and promoted for the nonce to assist in waitirg at table. The party was rather a doll one, as olften happens when a number of guests are brought together promie coously, and the captain was striving hard to break the ice by relating some of the most'won. derfnl adventores by sea and by land. At length he told one story which seemed oven to himself almost to exceed the bounds of credibility, for he stopped short, and said-" Now did any of you hear auythisng equal to that I" At that mo mreat Ihis eye rested on the erand-boy, who, believing the question addressed specially to him self, without the smallest hesitation replied, " Hoot, ay, mnn, there's a lass in our kitchen that Ihas a sister that has three rhoums I" If a bomb sad burst In the midst of the party, it coold not hIavn crested greater enaaotlon.-.Frmsr'- afsga. 