::'.:-FLYINxG STATIONERS. -JUst ancom p-.pany me, reader, in an imaginary walk through the densely-populated East End ,,of London, on a Saturday evening, and we . 'sll mvt "flying stationers" by the scores. Yonder is one, sunrrounded by a -large gaping crowd. In his hands he holds a bundle of execrably printed sheets of paper, adorned with a vile wood-cut, and he bawls at the tap ofthis voice "'Ere yer 'ave, ladies and gen'lmen, jqst parinted and publish'd-a full, true, and partick ler account of the dr-r-edful ghost Wlnhich hap-peered last night in the Hedg wiare-road," &c.; Then he reads a fe.v S lines, just to stimulate curiosity, and sud :denly breaking o f, ss, "bpit as I see S,-several ladies here in a very hintcresting eittiwation, I won't read hawful particklers . .--vich you may have for only one ha' S penny." The delicate allusion to the S female part of his auditory is a fine stroke of policy, for every woman in the crowd instantly buys a paper. Before the pur .chasers have time to discover that- they have been "sold" by some old rubbish, -. printed ten years ngo, having br-en foisted : :.on themn, the "flying stationer" is off to 1- .' -?.'L fresh fields and vastures new." A REMIAEKAhmE FEATURE of the country :Tiere is that the gum trees for miles and m?los are all dead or dying. This peculi r::rity extends in an uninterrupted line for several miles in breadth far up north be ..tween Wickli-ffe and .Dunkeld. Nearly all the gum trees are quite dead; a few are in the last stage, with their bark black and Srisped up as though scorched, and the boughs drooping like a willow. The belt of land having the dead and dying trees is, to our knowledge, twenty miles long, north and .south, incl-ded in which is almost every variety of soil, from the rich black soil bor e?_ ing Linlithgow Plains, to the hard, dry, gravelly soil to the north-east of Mount torgeon. It appears, also, that the disease is spreading both east and west, for we are -informed that on some of the stations round -Hamilton, particularly 3Ionivae, the. gums prs beginning to die out, while, occassion illy, the country all the way to Geelong Sshows patches of troes in a dead. or dying \- gtate.-Hamniltbn Spectator,. July 25. IT is the prevailing fashion on the Con :?.inent for all married gentlemen,. as well as ladies, to wear the modest and significaun wedding-ring, and this is now likely 'to .become gradually the: fashion in England. S.t. the late- Rbyal marriage, besides the .a;;.dding ring of-.tho Princess Alexandra, a imilar gold ring was made expressly to be worn by the Prince hitself, 