" HOMES" FOR DOGS. Our rendors will, no doubt remember "tito formation some timo ago, of a. rofugo for the lost and liousolcsa dogs of London. Tho project whon first mooted, encountered ii good deni of ridiculo ; but it scorns that the " nomo" has now become a flourishing institution. Mr AVilliam Chambers, tho well-known publisher, lias »suggested that a similar " Home" should bo established in Edinburgh, Judging flu m several letters on the subject which linvo appeared in tho M Boolaman," the suggestion lina been well received in the northern capital. Olio of our Edin- burgh'contuiiiporary'ij correspondents tolls tho following interesting anccdoto:-" Mnny years ago, 1 got a proof of the unseen, and therefore unhclpud, miseries of tho homeless dog. I was walking down Duke- street, when I felt myself gently nipped in tho leg. I turned and thora wus a ragged little terrior crouching mid abasing himself utterly, as if asking pardon for whut he lind done. Ho then stood up on end, mid begged us only theso coaxing lillie radians cutt. Being in a hurry, I curtly praised his pi»rformnnco with'Good dog!1 clapped his dirty sides, and, turning round, made down tho hill, w hen presently the saino nip, perhaps n little nippier tho annie scoue, only more intenso-the sumo begging mid urgent motioning of his short shaggy paws. ' There's menning in this,' said I to myself, and lookod at him keenly and differently. Ha seemed to twig at once, mid with a shrill cry was off much fnster than 1 could. Ho stopped every now and then to seo that I followed, anti by way of putting off tho time and urging me, got up on. tho aforesaid portion of his body, and, when I cnuio np was off again. This continued till,' after going through Bim dry streets and by-lnnes, we carno to u gate, under which my short-logged friend disap- peared. Of course I couldn't follow him. This its touishod him greatly. He ouine out to nie and as much as said, ' AVhy tho-don't you como in?' I triud to open it, but in vain. My friona vanished, and wits silent. I was leaving in despair and disgust when I I heard his nuiflied ecstatic yelp fur off round tho end of. the wall, and there ho was, wild with otcite nient. I followed and carno to n placo where, with a somowhat burglarious ingenuity, I got mysolf squeezed into a desorted concliynrd, lying all rudu 1 and wastó. My peremptory small friend went under o shod, mid disappeared in n twinkling through the window of an old conch body, Milich had long parted from its ' wheels and become sedentary. I remember tho nritis of the Fife family wero on its fmnel, I looked in and there was a pointer bitch with a ittorof five pups; the mother, liko a ghost, and wild willi maternity and hunger ; l|cr raging, yelling brood tearing away at her dry dugs. I nover saw a. moro affecting or moro miserable scene than that family inside the coach. Tito poor bowildorod mother, I found, hud been lost by souio sportsman returning south, and must liavo sluuk nwuy thereinto that deserted place, when her Cangs cania, and there, in that forlorn retreat, had sho eon with thom, rushing out to catch any chanco gar-, bago, ru'ining back fiercely to thom-this going on day' after day, night after night. What the relief was when wo got her well fed mid cared for-and her children filled and silr-nt, all cuddling abott her asleep, and sho, (isloep too-awakening up to assuro harsclf (hut this was all true, andthat there they were, all the five, each as plump as a plum-what was this in kind, and all tho greater in amount as many outnumber one, may bo tho relief, tho happiness, tho charity exercised in a homely, well-regulated dog-homo. Nipper-for ho wns a waif I took homo that night, and gave linn <his name. Hu lived a merry life with mo-showed much pluck and zeitl in the killing of rats, and incontinently slow a cat which had-unnutural bruto-unlike his friend-de- serted her kittens, and was howling offunsircly inside his kennel. Ho died, aged 16, henlthy, loan, and happy to tho last, As for Pcrdita mid her pups, fhoy brought j lnrgo prices, the Into Andrew Buchanan, of Coltbridgu i the hone-stoat " dogmnii" I ever know-having discovered I Hint their blood and her culturo wero of tho best," 