HOW, WHEN AND WHERE ? OH, THE JIODKItN TOUKTST'S GUIDE TO THE CONTINE?.-! Worthy of tko gravest consideration to tho tourist is tho subject of Dross. Tho choice of costume specially ns regards tho adoption of old clothes, must depend a grtat deal upon previous habits. Próvido yourself, however, with A Reversible Coat, block on ono sido and wluto on tho oilier, tails to hool; on in caso you want to go to an ovoning party. Koversiblo Hoots, so that you may bo ablo to retrace your stops with caso. Let thom bo very neut, for it always is a point to turnout your toes well. Travelling is dull work, sociably speaking, or, wo should say, not sociably speaking. Take our advice, and break through any bashfulness and awkward reservo in opening a conversation with a chunco companion. Before wo Btep into tho train,, a enrringe must bo selected. Chooso ono whore tho only availablo scat is filled with thu boxes, rugs, sticks, &c;, belonging to thc occupants. Insist upon these being immediately re- moved. Whon this operation hos boon performed, and every ono is moro or less uncomfortable, say you'vo changed your mind, and shan't como in. Walk a little wny from tho door, thou return to request them to keep tho sent for you. \Vait until three minutes beforo the train starts, whon loso no time m shoving your fishing rod, desks with unpleasantly shurp corners, telescopes, sfiaks, umbrellas, and curiously impracticable hat-boxes, under tho scuts. You must bo very .careful in looking aftor3'onr'luggago ,\ therefore, nt frequent intorrals dur- ing tho journey rummage about among tho passengers' legs with your stick, in orderto ascertain tho safety of tho various articles. If you miss anything, nt once charge your trnvelling'compuniqiis, individually und collectively, with theft. Even if they havn't stolen it, t'will sorvo us a plonsunt litllu ruse for breaking tho ico mid navigating a; north-west passage to coiivorsiiMon point. If they woii't second you in your laudable endeavours, whistle, hum, sing, oat oranges, and lot tho window perpetually up and down in order lo dispose of tho.pcol. Should 'yon: happen to bo shut in. with n solitary companion, say, for instance, an elderly gentleman inclined for Bleep, the following will bo found an exucllont Scliunio for a Railway Conversation with an entire stranger (elderly Eirst Class) ¡ How do you do, Sir ? I hopo you oro pretty woll ? lt is n very fino day, a very wot day, a queer duy, a toornl li day, &c;, us tim caso may bo. Seen tho Duke's Motto ? -[Hore giro o succinct nocount of tho plot, finishing with of courso, au imitation ol' Mr Fechter. Boen to tho Opera? Heard Bucca and Patti-Hero givo imitations of Lucca and Patti : thia is tho way to get on in tho world and make yourself a pleasant compan- ion. , Of cour.io you've travelled by tho Underground Rail- way ? No ? Dear mo ! well then, &o.;,: &o.; [Here givo imitations of tho Underground Railway ; say sssssssssssh to imitate steam, and shriek when ropresonting tho pnsságo through o Tunnel ; thcso embellishments to your, disco ii rso will render tho account graphic and life- like.; . . .-Seon Peppor's Ghost-l inean Dirck's and Popper's Ghost? No! I have. Look hore, this is tito way,it's dono.-[Horo show him tho woy it's done.] Boon up' in n. Balloon P No! Dour me! What, -.novar bconjup in a Balloon! not with Glaisher ? Lor' Glaisher goes ¡up in a balloon with Coxwoll, and, when, they've roached an altitudeof 3000,000,000,000, feet, tho air takes their, breath away.' , ... Ali! Stopping at a station ? Hungry, .eli ? No-dear mo. ¡Thirsty? No ?-Whnt aro you going tostand ? [It will be Iiis turn to show you what ha's going to stu nd t only,';if ho stntids this sort of tiling much longer, ho will bo n greater muff than wo take him for. Adapt yourself to your company; if your fellow traveller bo à Bishop or Archdeacon, thc following sohomo wilt servo your turn :- . '.. . - How uro you, oh ? Lilto -wearing Gaiters and Shovel nats ? I saw you ac Ascot. Ton old dog, you !--£Hore dig bini in the ribs. ' , ' I'll write to tho Archbishop, y'ou.sly dog, I will. I say did you seo tho lost Fight for thc Belt? You did'nt I my «yo!-woll, you must know that, when Jem's Novice j drew tho claret from tho ''Dustman's Biuoller, &o.-;[lloro illustrate tho notion of drawing tho. claret, and so on through tho several rounds. ,' ., ¡ Grandi Ballet nt Ho'r, Majesty's this yenr! lino gals rather." "I any, do you know that capital story about [Horb tell him that capital Btory about-. I m told tho Bishop of Hondón' isn't going t » shoot this yenr-oh, why ?-- bceaiisn ho was soon drnwini hu Ohnrge-ho ¡ ha 1 ha ¡-had you thero, &o;,f»nd ad libitum All this is very aheerfulj sociable, and sprightly and will carry you down to Dover, Newhaven, or S thumpton Water as pleasantly, as pôlsiblè.-^XortrfoM Punch. 