MUSIC AND DRAMA. The Philharmonic Society has for some time past exhibited that want of vigour which characterised it for so many years. It is the parent musical society of Australia, and many of those members to whose activity is chiefly owing the fact of its existence at the present time, have made another effort to place the affairs of the society in a more satisfactory condition. At the annual meeting held on the 31st ultimo, it was determined to give greater attention to vocal music, and limit the instrumentation to concerted pieces for six or seven instruments. It is also intended to make the concerts more exclusively of an amateur character, and thus diffuse a practical know- ledge among the members of the music of the best masters. Mr. Plunkett, M.L.C. , was elected president, and Mr. Aldis vice president. The arrangements thus made it is confidently anticipated will prove successful. 1 ho operatic season nt the Fiinco of Wales Theatre closed on tho 6th instant, with the " Hugenots " Tho house was crowded and the prima donna Madame Lucy Escott. and the other principal mi miera of (bo troupe wcro called befuro the curtain to rrctlvo the approbation of I hu nndionc. The lessee, Mr. W. S. Lystcr, waa also complimented in a similar manner, and in ii binf nddresii ho thauktd the audi- ence for the rntri ncgo nwardid to tho 1} ric drama. Twenty- six different operas have bren produced during the siason. On Monday, (ho 1 li ti lustant, Mr. A. Rieff, the conductor of the oper, gave a farewell concert at tbo Mas mu Unit, which was crowded with tho elite of tho city. Mr. Reiff, who is a very clever and unassuming musician, was loudly cheered on appearing. He left this city for Melbourne, en route to New York, on Friday last Mr. Farquharson is about to pile n serle« of cn'crrain iinntB in tbo cuntrj, nuil Messrs Poussard and Douay, who hnvu bun vtrv suctursfiil na Instrumi ntnlista m Ihn neighbouring colonies, bav-a announced a series of classical concerts to be given in Sydney. Tho inuslial wuld of tLo louth has lost ono of its moat talented u.tinlers in lhe death at Shanghai of Monrktir lioulanpir Litter« havo bien reoiived in t-jdney, staliig thnt N. Utmlacprr intended to give concert« ut ihai)(.-bai, lim urj-t of wbiuh wa« postponed, and it ia ettp prsoo bcwiiH strink down bj cholun Howaa a pupil of Chopin, and a pinmii of irrml uowcr, and ha» loft batuud bim composition* of surtiu-sing intuit, which prove, that he, posstssid musical iienius of ruioiic Ihnen lio was onl) itbtrty-thico jcara uf ape, ond wo have been informed that his falbir was at one tuno secular} to I'riuco lalle) rand, lu tko dramatic vu rid there ban been somo stir sinon tho depai turu (f the last mail On Monday, til« 7th instant, the diainatic season coinuiinced at tho I'rinoa of Wale* Ihcutie, hi d'r the manari nant of Mr C. fiarty, with a largo and ifln-unt company. '] hero was a var} crowded house. Ilia lixctllincj t-lr John Yuiog and suit« honoured Iba per) irmiiti-e« with their patron igo on tho ncoisiuu Iho performances crriniiineiil wah ibo domestic play of "ibu billow Copse, which was protuced \M h now scenery painted b} Mr W J tt ilson Nearly oxerj mam b°r of tho new ciuipan) ut tho Prince!of \\\ »les wiiaeinpiged in this piece, which was tory credttnbh n^nsouted tho en'ertninnienls of tho evening Leing concluded with the ron nntio elrnuia of "Hnjruond und Agnet>, ' or "tho Bleeding Nun of Lindenbure.h " A great tanaty of pieces have sineo leen produced with equil success On JSaturoiit, tho 12th institut, Mr Joseph Jell rt> in, tho cole brated Anitriciui couiedmn, c tiimenctd n profesional en giie/met t of tvienit) four nights, und has nineo nppoirHl m two uf bis gioatinijersi Dations-iib Hip Vim A\ initia nr.d nu Afo Irtncbnrd At tho \ lclori i, that eniLul.ir nptutl phtnonienen usually Klowii na tho "Ghost,' has boon nioi-t tucccetftilly presented l> tho in ungemein under tlo immediate arrangements of Mr William Pitt. The astonishing tfltcla Droduoed hate otlracted prcet houses tho CaMlo Sp ctr« buxing rou for n picat niuii} nights, in Iho pro^ouco of largo iiuuit>i.rs oi \<.cideiiiig i-poc itora Seteril nu« puces hita beau, pioduecd at Ibis ibintro with decided t-urcess, und nuiougit tbtni ihbj bi i entiond n c I mil tindío pitt, i untie I "KiiMiiuid, tLoLord if Milm' (ti\ Mr ti Kiew) und i clexer drini title x rsien of ' Auiori J-lojd ' Bithnf this« pieces lin»c leen xtry fuvouribl) re eh d lhi e'rfliiui of Auiiri 1 li jil \\*. is protluc d at this tUuiro list lhuri-diiy Dight, and proud a completo suclujh lui picinniiint ineidentaef thu non! huvo been skilfully an i judiciously drunintised ty Mr John Bryan into twi htghlx interesting nets, in whieh all Ibu moro striking feiaturusof Miss Braddons work hine bcon niadu axaiUblo Mr Musgrave a iiiiperfcnotiou of tho ' Suftx'-btopheu Unrgratos-wbb conndered to bo in tho highest dogrou nntui al ned artistic, and Mrs Charles Pool» s reu li ring of the port of the tcroiuo well worth} of Ibo highest com nietidation Iho snmo roiimrk wa« equilly appltcitb'a ti the nni¡ le and unpretentious acting of Mr Appleton Thu risf if tho ebnrnetcrs nero mdhlduxlly m uniiou with their potoljpea in tho note1 Hilton's Iloi.iDAV Ta»' -Tho entertainment of Mr. Birch cii'tinuis to attrnct large audiences. Tho Hull of tliH Nhool of Art« ib peculiarly fitted for thta Bort of thing. It oflord« the accommodation of a theatre with ibo aspect of a drawn groom. Be it over so crowded every ono eau hear and ero-an object of tho highest importance, in a kind of ecfeitainuicnt such as the''Holiday trip," to tho porfoct enjojintnt of which it is essential that nothing, either da icriptivo or pictorial, from first to hut, should be lost. Tho idea sought to bo carried out is, that of a run through Europe, in company with Mr. Biroh and of two travollfuj companions- Mr. Mildman and Mr. Jonoa-whom ha in- troduces or rather depict«, et tho outset, and whoso saving« and dointfl aro frequently refsrred to. To understand and enjoy this imaginary trip thoroughly, therefore, it is indiepensablo that visitors-or, bb Mr. Birch terms thom, " pasBcugcrB,"-should bo all eetUed in their places befare lhe entertainment commences. Later arrivals, too, causo (ireet annoyance to others. A dioraota, beautifully exo cuted, moves slowly to excellent musio on the pi ino and harmonium, pausing at nineteen scones-beginning with Switzerland, and embracing many of the capitals and other . most celebrated spot« of Europe. Of each scene, and of all matters connected therewith, Mr. Birch, in his capacity of sulde, gives a description in a serio-oomio etrain. He also introduce« several appropriate songs, which aro supposed to have boen snuff at fho placoa (boro dopioturt, by nno of I bl» trau Hing tunpnninnp. 1'hrico. too, ho oh»ng<¡* hu . tulumi «lu r Ibu iinnncr of ibu will-rnmitinberoî VU«, bli tim Htnijlev, ki d with i xlraotdinnri rniidlty- stiopini; tin n liw si couds, und nmip quuo ailiff roiit poraon Uli laiblul \ounp man Mid Ina -u-nu r>}ktaaio uliiuriiM . 3! eut>f tinco bullion in. n Vi ml ii ups Mr lltn.li hilroifuiiH fu on« of tho m, mm um i filó ii,uah fiom Iwn vuiv unjr uiMng lf>i>lfiii|r liin'ril mel ti (pet ny-uhlfiUi.) pi iv Lil bulli sppnmii I) and to^iithur. Ilo 'luliiliiv mp " in slioit, I« uno «inch will noll r^ii nnv rue fur ibi ir lioul li, anil lu a kui 1 o cntottun no >t vibali nnv bo iiitroniid tvon by tlioio vvtin bn a a lonnlmtiouB cbiictiou to thean cal ivhibitmns properly eo I mD-d I 