ENGLISH NEWS -Tho London Magistrates are putting down tho objectionable exhibitions styled poses plastiquea. 415 applications for licences for n change of name have ficen made since 1850, and 398 licences have been granted. In France 5,000,000 acres of land are devoted to the culture of the vine, and the annual yield is about 10.000,000 gallons. Tom Moore compared love to a pofntoe, " because it shoots from the eyes," or rather exclaimed Byron, "because :t becomes less by paring." The Pacha of Egypt has given an order for the manufacture of a pair of gates, similar to those presented to the Prince of Wales from Norwich. ■ Why are ladies like-churches 1—-1. Tliers is no living without tht>m.1 2. There's many aspire (a spire) to them. 3. Tliay aro objects of adoration. 4-. They have a 'loud clapper. in their upper story. ■ A gentleman named Gerau was' recently attacked by a wounded stag1 in the Killarney mountains, and, had the animal not been timeously shot dead by another person, Gernu's lifo would have been seriously en dangered. Miss Skinner, aged 35, the daughter of a boot and shoe maker, has recovered £50 da mages, from a draper in Bermondsey, aged 55, for breach of promise of marriage. The lady became acquainted with the gentleman by attending the same chapel. It is remarked with surprise in Paris that the remarkable legacy case, in which her Majesty the Queen figured as defendant, has not appeared in any French paper, and that neither the Droit nor the Gazette lies Tribu naux, exclusively devoted to law reports, has in any way noticed it. iOne evening lately, in Bristol, a laborer arid his wife went home drunk. From some cause or other, the husband threw his pocket-: knife'at his wife, inflicting, a wound in -her breast." -She was attended by a medical man, but died soon after.' .While suffering she persisted in-visiting several public houses/ : George Smart, aged 55, a -picture gilder, died in London on.Tuesday, from typhoid fever accelerated by neglect. - At > the> inquest;-the coroner animadverted ,in strong-terms upon the neglect of a son, wbo .wns.Aat ; work ..with , the deceased, and . said that "ho ought to bo publicly whipped,. foi\ not calling in medical aid sooner. : Tiih Matcii.;: Between ITisenajt and King .for £2000,—The;, deposit made . on Thursday) at Owen Swift's, made tho money staked up to £700 a-sule, :£50u a-side is due to-morrow week.—-Sporting -Life.'1 ■ ■ ^ ; . The.. Russian army in action ■■ is- fo- he strengthened: by 43. regiments, taken from-the reserve »,i..j — A.''sheet of pnper fifty.< inchos,. wide, " and eight and a-half miles in' length, .was recently manufactured>in New York. : 1 'Gen. Sir., Win., Maynnrd Goram; from 13th •Font, to be Colonel, vice Field- Marshal Colin Lord-Clyde, decensed.—Gazette. - ■ •' Will you take tho' life.of Macnulny.or Scott this morning, ma'am?" said n young man at the circulating library to Mrs. Part ington ''No,- my lad," slio replied, they may liveto the end of their days for all Tcare —I've nothing agin 'em." Tiik - Hartley •• Collieky . Accidhnt Fund—Tn connection with' the 'Hartley Col liery Accident Fund, it is stated that. after ranking ample provision .for all;the widows and ohildren who suffered ,from.,that terribla catastrophe, a sum ot about £20,400 remains unapplied/;; and thht'^it hasibean»agreed .-by th'ose having charge'of said fund .to distribute this nt%u'nt;m^ mining districts of England, Wales and Scot land—Newcastle^Chronicle. , . , " An Actok Stabbed to Death by Mistake.—A very sad accident has happened it the Theatre De-jazet. The usual ghost tragedy was to be givon, in which M Fribault represented tho murderer As, however, the apparatus had been damaged, the ghost had to be represented by one of the chorus singers; unfortunately this was not told either to tho public or M Fribault. The audience seemed to be hissing the ghost, which M Fribault took to himself, littlo guessing tho disturbance irose from the discovery that the ghost was Besh and blood. Ha made the thrust with tho dagger at tho ghost; the poor man gave * horrible shriek, and fell, tho dagger, which ivas a sharp-bladed instrument, remaining in [lis body. A low hours later and the unfor tunate man was a corpse. Curious Medical Facts.—It is a curi ous thing that life iimnngst the Arabs is of a more healthy kind t!.;m 'lie life of tho self same Arabs brought, into town (oven the Spahis in Paris got s'ok lately till encamped along with their horses and cows), and tho reason has only leaked out gradually. Such Arabs have no disease like measles or small pox that, amongst the Chinese to wit, either renders blind or kills 30 per cent, of the popu lation. . The Arabs lie asleep with their horses and oxen. The. " grease," a peculiar disease of horses, gives cow-pox to tho cows, and this latter saves tho Arab children from small-pox. Measles is another disease, as woll as con sumption, that they escape Some striking facts go to show that measles arise from fea thers and straw used in nurseries for children. Seventy per cent, of the cases spread and arise from infection, so this tho Arabs escape. Consumption, again, is a disease unknown nmongst Arabs living in the open air; it is a disease as certainly arising from bad ventila tion in close rooms as that the sun rises in the east, or that our Irish workhouses are nur series of this fell disease. It is now believed that tobacco is less injurious to tho world than sugar, as the latter is the root of diseases end ing iti rheumatism and diseased heart.—L Kkld. A remaikalilo tale is told of three persons who recently purchased a piece of ground in Greenwood Cemetery, which tliey subsequent ly partitioned off to <heir mutunl satisfaction; On three successive days recently the parlies to this arrangement were all laid (o rest in their respective places.—American Paper. . A Hint to IlExny Ward Beecher — Ward Beaeher lias visited Geneva, and sat in ' J'thit Cal i ifi's clinic, and ia bin pulpit. Tho Neiebwypot.t Herald says a great many orthodox people wish that he would also more fully embrado John Calvin's theology. A Large Cohnfield.—An officer ol one of the Illinois regiments in the army of the West says :—In our expedition along the Yazzo river bottoms wo passed throng a corn field thirty nules in extent. The corn exceded [•anything I have ever seen in Illinois.. ., A. Plying Machine.—M. Nadar's newly invented serial machine, which is occupi'm"* considerable attention: m Paris, is:i. already' nearly half finished. Its dimension's 'rii'e si/ vaormous that it will have accommodation, it is declared, for more than a hundred pa-sengevs. The first serial journey is to be to' Baden. , American Wit.—Oce of < the American papers observes of Mr. entworth, a /member ol Congiess for a district of Illinois,,.tlint" lie is so tall that when he addi esses the people', instead of mounting a stump, as. is usual in tho Wast. they have to dig a hole lor him to' stand in !■'* Another paper, which goes!the whole ticket against Mr. WoEtwnrlh, politely' observes that they "dig a hole for him, not' •because he is tall, but because he never feels' at homo oxcept ho is up to his chin in dirt;" ' Nearly 100,000 emigrants-have :left.'i the' port of Liverpool during •' the past i ei"'h't months. ' ?[ \ A Jew i» m custody at Gainsborough on a charge of having stolen from £150 to £180 worth of jewellery.' • , ' ^ ^ v . Several of *the .inhabitants of Leominster have been nearly poisoned from having' eatfen of an American cheese. "■.* " "A solid article for your papers,''-said the. boj', when he threw a brick-bat at .the windo w. . of an editor. .... . ;v/-; Mr. James Clark, Coleraine, has a hive of < bees which threw off three large-"swarms; ; within eleven days in the last fortnight'." V A quack doctor, advertiser to-tliis eiffdctiU^' " Consumptives,, cougdi. while you can' 'for after you have.taken; ,one -bottle of my mix ture, you can't." ' • ^ On Monday,, a • prize-fighter, named John Toomey,. wasr.committed..for; trial/. at I'.tlie, M.nylebone Police :Court,, for. having been engaged in n prizo;i5g-h;: on Sunday.. ^ The.Emperor of Brazil was recontly within an ace of losing his life from the'bursting- of a ;caii non—several -artillery men - having' been killed and wounded by his" side. : • »»■ ■:>>* i On; Sunday;., night ., the.... very, Rev. John" ; O'G'onnel,-parish; pnestiot,.Trim, was smoth ered in. asmall.stream ol water-when on his way ;lIome;;lrom'.dining; witliitlio' -.postmaster; of Trim.'". "v' j Italian;, b'Hgands . have /released/ a; landed, proprietor, whom t:hey iiad .taken prisoner,' payment: of.'20,000 .fj'ancs. ^ As a receipt'/foV. 1 the sumj: the scoundrelsiff:iiis;leftjea^. ,:'i" has-been1 very ^ violently' assaulter!'< by-three' poachers.' His jaw wa3ytvaccurecl',1'fivo. or six of'-his1' teeth ■ were'broken/andliewasrehderedinsensibre. fejRichhibiid^ .with-ia-j popuIatiorir.;of' '38,Mo,'' has£).four(fdaily ;pnpers 5 St.;j Louis, .\'witir';n; population, of• 162,000,has *11.fchVilies;' and JNrew Orleans,, (lefoje, the.. .war,, and . wiUiv.a ;poj)ulation of 170,00.0, .supported .9;^ dilj^. j}; j . At(;Penistone, on i\rohdfty,; a* bciy procured sojno -'liicifer matches^^^nn'd^repaired' to -'his1 fathers |>i^^ryy/ity-bepo^ii.teW-;stones:sti^d ,ba'd;. .been put rehdy for'a1 pigv • 'Tim boy a'c'ci-' dent1ally set fire!to the;strau';and :\v-a"s bui'ned ; i f.jMr. Do Dollon is ;end«aVoring to. 6btftin: ft' i'ljcense/for premises,neni'jSt;' George's Htill,'in >■ j Bpurko stieer, specially,for the retail, stile 'of' :home-made wines, s-This gentleman lias, beeii i preparing for this enterprise,^ itiraej. nndi :has already in wood a Biifficunt. supply ,for. many ^thousand'. customers, the I produce'iifvvineyards in the 'neighborhood of Melbourne. Though comparatively'.' ^hew; theje win/is/ both red nnd white, have been so .carefnlly^r watched and tended' .'lor; several months buck, that thsy -will" be found-quire equal, to say the least, to most of the Rhenish and French wines that are imported,'tindi they are to be sold in tumblers like English alos. We shall hear, more of tliu project when tho license is secured. Tlw BendiyO Advertiser says;—It is not often that our advertising columns contain anything of such geneial interest to the dis trict as the announcement that on the 20th November instant, will he put up to sale by auction eighty casks of wine, the produce of a Bendigo vineyard. With this the first sale iu bulk of wine made in the district, we shall begin to realizo—if we may bs permitted to uso an oxpressively Yankeeism—tho fact that Bendigo is really a wine growing country; und that Sandhurst is destined, at uo distant time, to bo what Bordeaux is to the Gironde, and what Xeres is to Andalusia. A Snake Bite.—A settler, named Wbot ton, when lilting a log down the West Taninr, on Monday lust, was twice bitten on the right hand by a large yellow snake, nnd, on making the second bite, the ropf'le fixed his fangs so tightly in the hand, that it was only pulled away by main forcc. Wliottou immediately proceeded to Pleasant Hills the residence of Mr. Pearson Foote, und at Mr. Pooto's rerpusc a man sucked the wound on Whi/ttsn's hand, j Mr. Foote, during tho process, supplied the man with spirits and water to ntise tlio venom fioin his mouth, and he n'sn administered doses of spirits and water to Whutton. Mr. Foot had uo other specific at hand, but it appears his treatment was judicious, as the patient is rojovering.— Cornwall Chronicle. Artificial Paiiciimunt.—This parch ment is made by dipping thick paper in dilated sulphuric acid. This process increases the strength of the paper, makes it translucent, and gives it the exact appea.'ance of parch ment, which it has in a great measure replaced from its superior cheapness. According to Professor Calvert, .the same process applied to cotton cloth very much iceivases its thickness and strength. The cotton thus prepared is technically known as ''blanket.'' j A Bm SronY.—The latest Munchausen story is related bv a boy who was begging in the streets of Plymouth, lie said ho was u cabin-boy on an American liner, and for some ol his .mischievous pranks was headed up in an empty water-cask, with only the bung1 hole, to: brsathe through. On,-' tliafollowing, night a squall came on, the ship werit'down 'with all on board except himself,tbelciisk:lcontaimng> him having rol'ed ..over into tiiq- sen on a sudden lurch of the vessel. r Fortunately ,itl kept " bung up," nnd, after, thirty hours' floating about, lie was cast on tlio rioast, where, after ho bad mane despsri-.te efforts to release, himself, ho gave himself up to die. Some cows strolling along the beach, were attracted to the cask, and, in twitching aroiind it, one of them accidentally dipped her tail into the bung-bole, which the buy graspod immediately,; and kept fast bold <>t it with admirable; resolution. The cuw started off, and after,., running about three hundred yards, ',the cask; struck against a rock, and Avas knocked; to! pieces. Aftor wandering about for several: days, he hailed a vessel, was-taken on board,, ■and carried to Faliinoutb, whence be proceeded to Plymouth. , . - , ' An /Irishman says be can see no-earthly reason why the women should not be allowed •to become medical men , - Curiosities wanted.—A handle-' for a, blade' of grass, a letter written witha cow. pen;. and aJea'her from che wing- of a hospital. . ;-.i An., anecdote is told 'of'^Leightori" which strongly [indicates bis vivacious amiability !of disposition; hot without-. a dash'Jof humour, !and{which deserves a -place by tbo side of the :"story of Sir'Isaac' IVewfori' and "the "dog-. Dia -morid;:) -He bad a ne'er-do-well 'sort of- a ;j:oung' fellow for .his man-servant, whose' thoughtlessness and idleness-he bore with the •utmost equanimity. ' We may be very sure, :tooj that the ($ ood Leighton did not fail tb igive him serious and solemn counsel. One, day it so happened that this young fellow took iit ipto his head that be should like tohave a day's fishing; he accordingly started oftj locked the door, and took the key with him, leaving'bis master a prisoner. Ilis occupation' proved so interesting that he did not think fit ,1.0 return till evening, and all that the kind Bishop said to him lor the bad behaviour that; [might justly have caused his dismissal was, Jolin, when you next go a-fijhing,'rememberr to leave the key in the door.' . . ..... ;'>' Yankee Curiosity.—Some people have very"'inquiring minds—-but few, we think,, carry thi'jr curiosity so far as a Yankee friend of oui'S, who rang tbo bell of a fashionable residence the other day, and, when the servant girl made her appearance, politely enquired, "What are you going to have for. dinner to-dayThe girl thinking the man was one of their trade? men, and had made the inquiry in his business capacity, innocently replied, " llutton sir."—" jilutton—with sauce?"—Yes, sir."—"Ah well! I was passing by, and thought I would. inquire. Good morning." The servant was indignant when she cnni3 to comprehend the man's motive, but be was too far up the stieet to bear her angry denunciations. '' ! The English Soldiehs.—What must bo .admired in the battle of Waterloo is England, tbo English firmness, the English resolution, the '/Englislr blood,' and ;wbat England had really superb in it; is (without offence) herself it is not her captain, bit her arniy.' Welling ton^ ^strangely'.; ungrateful/;, declares1 in hi 3 dispatch' to-Lord Batliuist,1 that bis army, the one, w^iicbj fougb t on! J tine' lSth, 1815, was ' a detestible/army.V JWbat does tb? gloomy pile of-'biVnes 'buried -m tho trenches of Waterloo -thiiilc jpf-this&;'-. England has been too modest to herself in her treatment of Wellington, for' making him so great is making herself small. Wellington is merely a hero, like any other man. The Scotch Greys,..the Life Guards,• -Maitland and Mitchejl's ;regi men ts,„ Pack and jHempt's infantry, Ponsonby.' and-Somerset's 'cavalry, the-Highlanders playing the bagpipes■ junder tbe^ shower , of ? "canister,, yrliyland's • battalions, the fresh recuits who, could,hartUy '< Imanage a musket," and 'yet'held'tlieir ground lagainst the old' bands of Essliug. and Rivo'li^—. all this is'grand; - Wellington was tenacious'; thi's wiis'^his merit! and we do not deny it to him,:'but :the lowest of his privates and bis troopers'was quite as solid as he, and the irou soldior is as good as the iron duke. For cul pa^,; air our glorification is offered to the English soldier, the English army, the English nation; and if there must be a trrphy, it is to England that this.trophy is owing. The Waterloo column would bo more just, if, instead of a man, it raised to the clouds the statue of a people.—Les Miserables.: By Viclov Huyo. 