AMONG the residents of the district of Kiama, at least that portion of it0 which was included in the boundaries of the municipality duly proclaimed in 1859, there are probably but few persons who will not be delighted at the prospect of the renewal of municipal action in the locality. The exceptions to this rule, we take it, must be possessed either with a spirit of unscru- pulous faction or short-sighted selfishness. Most of us have early become familiar with the maxim that ' Comparisons are odious," and whatever meaning may attach to this verdict in the abstract, the inhabitants of this neighborhood may readily confess that a "comparison" between the state of our roads, and those of our fellow-settlers in Central, Illawarra and Wollongong, must needs be "odious" enough to us. From the station at Terry's Meadows to the capi- tal of the district the high road is for the most part equal in condition to the main roads of the colony; and though the reve- nues of Shellharbor are, we believe, com- paratively small, it is not difficult to find proofs, in the territory of that municipality, of the benefits produced by the establish- ment of corporations. That the Council of Kiama should ever have been compelled to suspend operations (if they were compelled to do so) is much to be regretted. We are by no means sure, however, that a correct interpretation of the spirit of the law, and a little firmness on the part of the council, might not have enabled the latter to carry on their operations without the long inter- ruption which has actually taken place. The judgment delivered in the Shoalhaven case, was no doubt the means of impressing upon the minds of many persons the con- viction that any municipality, in which a government township and any piece of ter- ritory, lying beyond its boundaries, were united was ipso facto illegal. Various in- genious objections, we know, were found by the accomplished jurists, who gave judg- ment on the case ; and perhaps on the whole, their decision and the way in which it was arrived at, tended but little to in- crease the confidence of the country in the sagacity and impartiality of the Supreme Court. It can hardly be denied, however, that there were in the case of the Shoal- haven municipality various circumstances which might well tend to produce a bias in the minds of the Judges, who are but men, against what might be considered the en- croaching spirit of municipalities. The attempt of the friends of the Shoalhaven Municipality to gain more than they were fairly entitled to, raised them up a formi- dable enemy in the person of Mr. BERRY, and the case of the latter was such as, if the balance of law were otherwise doubtful, might very well incline it in his favour. It by no means follows, however, that every case which may appear to a layman to re- semble that of Mr. BERRY and the Shoal- haven Council, should appear to the Supreme Court to be strictly parallel, and be decided accordingly. Circumstances alter cases, we all know; and the mere ghost of a circumstance, or that which might appear so to the uninitiated, is some- times sufficient to make all the difference between a favourable and an unfavourable verdict to a suitor. What will be the de- cision of the Privy Council, to whom the matter has been referred, and whose judg- ment is as yet unknown, we do not pretend to guess. We shall not be surprised at a decision on either the one side or the other. From the balance of opinion, however, which exists as to this particular case, it may be fairly guessed that a plaintiff with a case less strong than Mr. BERRY's would have little chance of obtaining a judgment. That any person in the municipality of Kiama could go into court with as strong a case as Mr. BERRY's, we cannot for a moment suppose : and the Judges, we may hope, would not be very easily led to sup- port the factious doings of every litigant who might endeavour to obstruct the pro- gress of local improvement. It has always been suspected that the learned Judges of the Supreme Court were actuated by some sort of personal or professional feeling against the COWPER-ROBERTSON Ministry and their doings ; and where there is much smoke, it is likely there is some fire under. It is certain, at any rate, that the late Ministry had at one time a great difficulty in inducing any members of the bar to join them in the capacity of crown law officers; and whatever the nature of the prejudice might be, the Judges, who are members of the profession, probably shared in it. The COWPER Cabinet is, however, now defunct; and the lurking inclination of the courts to thwart their measures (if such there were) may have also expired. We hope, for our part, that the evident necessity of the re- newal of municipal operations will be suffi- cient to induce our population in general cordially to put their shoulders to this wheel, and that each will, ungrudgingly, pay the rates which it is proposed to collect, those, namely, which became due in May last, when the second quarter of the cur- rent municipal year commenced. It would, perhaps, be too much to hope that the voluntary payment of rates would be gene- ral throughout the municipal territory, if the impression were still prevalent that the council possessed no power to distrain upon the goods of defaulters. It is there- fore, satisfactory to know that the Mayor of Kiama, after giving the matter mature consideration, and obtaining the most trust- worthy profession opinions, is prepared, not only to issue warrants (a step which has before been taken) but also to follow but this proceeding to its utmost legitimate consequences. We have fre- quently of late had occasion to notice the apathy which prevails in the district in relation to all matters of a public nature; and perhaps our townsmen and settlers would, for the most part, be disposed to look with indifference on the state of our thoroughfares (that being the principal consern of the Corporation) as long as it was barely possible to travel thereon. Travelling is, however, becoming at length absolutely unsafe ; and the state of the roads is a positive disgrace to us. If the present summer, or the past winter had been as wet as we have sometimes seen the seasons here, it would now, in default alike of government and local action, be literally impossible, we believe, to pass along some portions of the high road through the dis- trict. For ourselves, desirous as we are to see the Corporation again stirring, we shall watch with jealousy the disposal of the funds; and our columns will be always open to such as may wish to express an opinion on concerns of so much local im- portance as the proceedings of the Council. We have reason to believe that the affecta- tion of being in committee, a weakness to which the Council in the days of its non- age was much addicted, will not, for the future, prevent the access of the public to its deliberations, which are, on every occa- sion, to be open to all comers. 