The Latest Ibisii Oonspieaoy. — Sotting up a Shntn-Rock in opposition to Grant nt Tarnagulls. uontraots accepted.— Tiie Public Works, Roads, and Railways Circular, of yesterday, notifies tlio acoeptance by the Government of. the subjoined contracts : — A. Cooper : Extra work under contract No. 825 of 1862, jetty near Dromana, L72 7s 2d. John M'Symon i Lime, delivered at the Stockado, Fentridge, L182 5s 10d. T, Cole : Laying on gas and water to tlio National Museum, L229. Cor- mack and Co : Additional work under contract No. 403 of 18G3, fenoiug and cntchwator drain to fence, at Court-home, Daylosford, LOS 10s. Enoch Chambers : Portion of contract for lay ing cast-iron pipes to water reservoir, Mary borough, L750. T.Cole: Repairs, etc, Custom house, Melbourne (in liou of contract 02-1451, cancelled), L225. E. L. Orowell : Extra work under contract No. 1010 of 1862, telegraph lino to Smytliosdalo, L5 12s 6d. Modern Ghost-raising.— Tho honour of having invented the ghost effect at tho Britaunia is claimed by Mr Uircks, who says, with an ambiguity wa liava vainly endeavoured to ponotrato, " it la my invention, as adapted by Professor Pepper for stigo effect." Mr Dircks' remarks on his own invontion are curious enough. " My invontion," he says, " of an arnngemont for producing certain optical illusions is calcnlatcd to supersede the magic lantern and all pliantaamagorial and othor apparatus hitherto employed j for whereas tlioy only produce a motionless visionary figure, I associato on tho same stage a phantom with a living actor, both different in costume, etc., and both acting in concert. Thus tho scene may show them as sitting at the same table, on tho same couch, opening tho aaino cabinet, bundling tho eomo docu ments, and, wliut is more, eo seated in the same chair as to appear hut ono figure, yet seem one to arise out of tho other, to go through different performances." A wag says of a womau — To her virtue we givo love j to her beauty, admiration j to her hoops, the whole pavement, 