MELBOURNE NEWS. (ylrifK.9.) ' On' Monday, a special meeting of the depositors of tho'late Provident Institute was held in the Me chanics' Institute. About seventy were present, the Rev J. Ball intyoe in the chair. The special object of -the . meeting' was to confirm . the. proceedings'' taken'by the assignees with reference to the prose cution of the directors of the institute. After a statement of the objects of the meeting from Mr J. Langlands, Mr M'Duugall moved the-following re solution,- which was seconded by Mr D. Johnston, arid agreed to :-<" That'-"- the - meeting confirms the proceed'ngs taken by the'assignees in the criminal prosecution of Messrs. Hancock. Sawell. Foxton.and Anderson, and directs the assignees to pay tho ex penses of the urosecut'on, or connected therewith, out of the funcs of the estate." It was then moved by Mr Toon1; seconded by Mr Gotildlng, :13d agreed to "That the assignees ta'ce the necessary steps under the Wind'ng-up Actio call upon the share holders to contribute towards tho deficiency in the estate."- M1' Langlatids then read the decision of tho.-'taxing officer on-the claim of Messrs Hancock and-Dull'ett,. wh'-ch was to the effect that not only the sum of L'lj289 paid into court, should revert to the assignees, but that the sum of L70 5 previously paid to Mr Hancock, must bo repaid to the estate. A letter was a'so read from Messrs. Duffet and Grant, offeiing to compromise the cl?im of L'1,2S9 for a sum of L700, but the solicitors to the estate held that the depositors had no powers ii the matter after the decYion of the taxing master. Messrs Duffet and Grant have appealed to the "all court against tho roster's decision. It was a'so stated to tho meeting by Mr Langlands, that he hr-i received a telegram from Mr Foxton, at Sydney, stating that he would sal! for Melbourne by-the steamer Ranga tira to-day (Monday). It may be added that the trial of the directors commences on the 31st instant.. Mr Michie, Q.C., Mr Billing, and Mr Wood, are re tained for the prosecution, and a very hrge bar for the defence, including Mr Ireland, O.C., Dr Sewell, Mr Dawson Mr Wyatt, Mr Dob^on, and others. It may also bo stated that Porter, tho late secretary to tho institute, is now known to be far on h'.s way to Pollen 1 A proposition to establish a mission to the natives of the region n-onnd Cooper's Creek was submitted on Monday even:ng, to a meeting of the subscribers to the Society for fhe Promotion of Moravian Mis sions to the Aborigines. The meeting was held at tho Mechanics' Institute, under the presidency of [lis Excellency the Governor. A letter was read from Mr Howitt, the explorer, pointing out the most suit able locality t'or a station, and giving some interest ing information about the country and its inhabi tants. Mr Ilowitt states that tho missionary party should consist of at le;'st six persons, and he esti mates the cost of in-i'ntaining tho si-ition at £600 per year, exclusive of salaries. Speeches in support of the project were delivered by ministers of various denominations, and a formal resolution in favor of an immediate commencement of the Cioper's Creek mission was unanimously agreed to. The committee of the Victoria Jockey Club met on Monc'iy evening to arrange tho programme for the Spr'ng meet!ng, which is fixed for the 16th and 17th October. The prizes will amount to over 1,800 sovs., and some fins racing may be exposed. A new grand race for tb'*ec-year-olds has also been inau gurated. At the Victorian Turf Subscription-room, on Mondav ever:ig, business was slack on future events. Mormon and Musidora were in some force for tho Champion Race and Melbourne Cup, but double events appeared to be the most popular mode of investment. (/)£.<>.) A large and influential meeting of tho citizens of Melboc-ne was held, last evening, in St George's Mall, to trke into consideration the present exor bitant price-of gas, as charged by tho two existing companies;, to hea- Mr A. K. Smith's report to the provisional committee, a id adopt such measures as might seem desirable to carry tiio suggestions con tained therein into effect. Mr Phillips occupied tho chair. His Worship tho Mayor had been expected to preside, but he declined to do so on public grounds. When the meeting opened there must have been over one thousanii persons present, tho most of whom were largo consumers of gas. The first resolution >1.'signaled tho'present pr!co as ox-, tortionato. The . report was t.lu-n nvul. It set forth plearlj (he cos' of l.ht' depended to a fol'v rent on the quantity consumsd ; and that, i!" the consuniers's company started with the pledged''auppbi .Vol three-fourths of the present eonsninors find ivith a consumption of ei jlity millions ot" oubin feet per anmim, the gas could be supplied a't'lOi lOd per thousand* foet,' boside'a paying, a dU vidend of 10 per cent per annum, laying aside £1 600 I for a reserve fund, anil twico that amount for de preciation or wear and tear fund, Tho ncces' lary capital required for sucli a company would bo LI00,000. That sum would not only erect al' i the i necessary works and provide mains, &c.;, but v ?ouhl also supply services and meters free to at least 5,000 customers. Mr ' Smith further showed tha' ; the capital might bo raised by the consumers with in the city, who numbered nearly 4.000, if they eac' a took up six or seven shares of £5/each, and u log ,n was obtained. On the motion of Mr Handle, a i .TSOIu tion was proposed condemning the Collingwoo' ICom pany for the gros3 broach of faith which th ey had committed, in combining with the Melbourni j 'Com pany to raise the price. It was also agreod t hat the secretary of the committee should bo instru ,cted to wi'itc to both the companies, requesting then l to re duce the price to 12s (id per thousand feet, and, in tho event of their refusing to do so, tho , heeting pledged itsell immediately to i'oimandsu pport a consumers' company- The mooting then ad,' |ourned ,«nUt the second of next month, in order > ;liat the ^determination of tho companies might be ascer taniud. (Herald.) An intercolonial champion show of Mei-in* "> Shoop is'announced'to. tuke pliico at the Poi t Phili p Agri cvUiuuil Society's yard, on the 12th of No iTombor next. The pmes offered for colonial bred .meiino rams and owes are very liberal. Premiums are also to bo Riven for imported sheep, A contemporary observes that the beaul ;iful scat of Como (the property of John Brown, Esq,, , partner of tho lato Mr Stewart, M.L.A.), has fou .nil a new owner in Mr Andrew Russell, an old md rich uuiumst. "HQ has given i'15.C33 Tor tho ] iroperty ; it cost, perhaps,?'throe' times as much. Mt .ny of our readers may be familiar with tho. place, for , it is very commonly known and admired." . An unfortunate casualty occurred a shor t tinio be fore tho performance on Monday ovoni ;ng, at tha Royal Princcss'g Theatre, by which the 1 >rgo sheet of plato glass essential for the perfect pro Auction of the spectral effect was broken, so that the -Ghost was j visible only as to its lower extremities. MR. DUFPI'S VINDICATION.-In r »ply to a leading article which lately appeared in . the M. A. Mail, dcrid'ng Mr. C. G. Duffy's c inims to a pension, a correspondent. of the sai ,ne journal writes as follows" The most offen: live portion of your article is that in which you s ny that Mr. Duffy " had sung the songs of Irelani I's wrong in a loud voice, but if report be corre ct, his song subsided into a whine for mercy whei.*4 as a con sequence of his piping, he fouind him lelf in gaol on a charge of sedition-a whine, wliic ti he made effectual with the.powers whom he ha ,d offended by 'splitting' on his seditious associa tes, and so obtaining, his libei ty." Now, sir, I s ubmit that no honest man, valuing his own reputat ion, ought upon mere 'report' to circulate such infamous statements respecting another. Mr.: I hiffy has been charged swith many. offences du ring his chequered career, but nobody having a c 'liaracter .to risk-in fact, not his bitterest political oppo nent-ever .before dared accuse liitn of tr wachery or cowardice such as you refer,to. It wo' aid be a ludicrous misrepresentation of the-' facts, ?', if- the imputation was not so _ unspeakably bast s. You would not have , so written if you knew what is the actual fact, that instead of shrinking fi :om the responsibility of his actions, it was on) y-when arrested for. high treason, and in Newgate prison. Mr. Duil'y wrote the articles wliicli fori; acd the basis of the indictment against him. I )id this look like whining ? lie actually never di splayed, such courage and daring as when, lodge d in a stone cell, surrounded by gaolers, constiib les, and soldiers, a death on the gallows seemed to ' be his inevitable fate. Well, indictment after indi ictment was framed against him- eight in all, I be lieve but the Government failcil in securing a e onvic tion.. Tor. more than twelve months he w ts kept in a loathsome prison, and lie emerged from it only when it was found impossible to convi !ct him by any jury of honest men. He emerged from it with shattered health and ruined fnrtum He actually suffered far more physical pai n and pecuniary loss than if he had been convict :d and. transported like two other State prisoner .1. To my own knowledge, his fellow-prisoners in . 'New gate offered to effect his escape on one oe jcasion, but lie declined .on the ground that althoi Jgli by escaping , he might .save his life, lie wou Id risk what he held far more dear-his bion or and character, if you knew nil this, I am"; i;o nfiden't you would be no "party to the nii-Engjii'sh.-system of slander of which Air. Duffy ha 4, been the victim." ENGLISH MATD COMMUNICATION V/ITII TAS MANIA.-The Merc-try reports a pt lb'iic meeting, of merchants, bankers, and others 'interested, on the Subject of sten '11 communication ?'between Kin" , George's Sound and Otogo, via llobart Tumi. I It was stated to the meeting that the New Zealand Government were in fa .vor of the mails fur'f hat colony being carried fro hi King George's ? Sound by way of Hobart Town rather than Mel bourne, the calculation being that several days' would be saved both in the arr ival and departure of the mails by that route. / Resolutions were I adopted in favor of the sch erne, and requesting i His Excellency to open up negotiations-with the ' New Zealand Government-in the subject. Con siderable jealousy of Mf ilbo urne was expressed at the meeting, find much . wap,'hoped from the direct "trade which Tasmania expects io open up with the goldfields of New '-Zealand. TUB TASMANTAN PA.' ILTAMBNT AND THE JUDOE3. -The judges and tJ ic Parliament of Tasmania have come into collision. It appears that in the] course of a late f'leba te in the Assembly, one of the i mbmbers (Mr. Oref ^son)-made-use of some strong 1 expressions condemnatory of the judges. The 1 leading jourm il reported him to have applied the | phrase " atroi iious. villains ", to their honors ; but ' the lion, mei'^ber subsequently disavowed having employed tl lose terms, and it would appear that what he di d say was, that the conduct" of the jndges h»;i been "atrocious and villainous." Several da; /s having elapsed, and Ministers having taken no steps to vindicate the judges in the House, th eir Honors met, and adopted an address to the Go vcrnor, requesting him to take steps, by message, to have their reputation vindicated in Parliainc jnt. His Excellency forwarded to the Assernb'(y the address of the judges, with a mes sage re quc3tingthe attention of he House to the matter. : A motion was immediately submitted by one of Mr. Grcgson's friends, to the effect that the nv jssage was a broach of privilege, and that Ilis E: tcellency had been "ill- advised" in sending it; bu t after a warm discussion, the motion was rejecte il, and the message received. Thus stood matter s at the latest dates-the judges, while Parliai nent was debating the message, receiving numer ous addresses of sympathy.-Argun. ADO JINING THE MATH.-The fa3hion of sprink ling tl) le hair with gold leaf has oi late years been revive d by the Empress Eugenie, the material used for the purpose receiving the elegant ap pelate in ofponi're d'or. It will be a hint worth remcr dbering for such as covet fair hair, arid have scarce ly enough of the precious metal to emulate the J Jmperor and Empress, thai the Germans aclue' red the desired result, with apparent satis faction to themselves, by tho use of a kind of soap, n."ulc -of goat's tallow ,and ashes of beech-wood. This soap, which was callcd Hessian soao, from bein<; manufactured in the County of Hesse, was mucl i used, if wo may credit Martial, to stain the Geri nan wigs, in orddr to give them a " flamc coloir."-New Views on. Baldness; betig a Treatise on l ie Hair cud Skin. , V G-nowrNG HYACINTHS BY'ST.BAM.-Mr. I1'. ltern of Barker-street has shown 11s a' novel con trivance by which he can force Hyacinths into full, growth and bloom at this season of the year, in the open air, in the brief.period of six weeks. The modus operandi may thus be described He places the ordinary flower pots containing the bulbs into a large caithenwrtre vessel provided with a cover in which arc holes-tins i< filled with warm water every morning. and {no holes at the bottom ol the flower pots being placed immediately over those in the vessel, the soil around the bulb is kept warm and moist by the steam. In fact In «ro\vs them by steam! He showed U9 a large pot filled with these plants verging on full bloo 11, which had only been six weeks submitted to the process.-Casllemaine Daily News.- . ,; TUB FARMERS of Dowling Forest awl Mount Blowhard propose holding a public meeting on Thursday next, at the Blowhard Hotel, to toko steps to petition the Government to form an im migration depot in Ballarat.-Herald. luironTKn WINKS ANT> Srmrrs.-The Gnclon? Advertiser has the followingThe had quality of much of the port and sherry lately shipped out to the Australian colonics will powerfully incline nil wine-bibbers to confine their potations to un adulterated ISarrnbool during the approaching summer. We have now a word of caution to give respecting " genuine" Cognac. Tho Economist of 20th June thus reports:-"A new fraud has just been discovered. Vessels arc despatched from Hamburg and Rotterdam with brandies of very indifferent quality for England, but, instead of proceeding straight to their destination, they go to some port in the department of the Charentc, where the captains take mcasuros for obtaining papers which enable them to represent in Eng land that the brandies are not German and Dutch, but Cognac." After this revelation, if spirits must be drunk, commend us to the Warrenhcip tipple* FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT TO AT? ACROBAT.-On Thursday night an accident of a frightful cha racter occurred to Valeria, the wire-walker, at Oremornc. For the last two months this acrobat has been successfully performing on a wire cable, measuring six hundred feet; and on Thursday night he had advanced nearly to the point from which he usually returned backwards, when the wire-rope suddenly Rave way, and lie fell heavily to the ground. A distance of upwards of sixty feet, lie was immediately taken up in a state of insensibility, and attended to by two medical men who happened to be in the gardens. It was found (hat he had sustained a fracture of the skull, a broken collar-bone, and other injuries. He was conveyed in an insensible atafe to the Chelsea Hospital, where he now lies, the home surgeon holding out little hopes of his recovery. It is believed that the lightning playing upon the wire rope on "Wednesday night, was the cause of the accident.- Weekly Dispatch, 28th June. ADMIRAL KEITEI..-At ten years of age he was a midshipman. He had sailed all around the world with Anson ; and when he became a com modore, it was in his ship that Sir Joshua Rey nolds, went out to Italy, Ivcppel then being bound (at twenty-four years of age) to demand satisfaction of the States of Barbary for nets of piracy committed in the trade of the Mediterra nean. By this mission Keppel nearly lost his life. The Dey of Algiers declared that it was strnnge that so great a power as England should send out, as envoy to him, the great Mussulman, " a small beardless boy." " Had the King of Great Britain," retorted Keppel, " supposed that wisdom was measured by the length of the beard, he would have sent your Dcyship n he-goat." The Dey called for his mutes. Keppel pointed to the English squadron, anchored in the bay, and said, "Put me to death, and you will find Englishmen enough out there to make me a glorious funeral pile.-Heroes, Philosophers, and Corn-tiers of the time of Louis XVI. By the author of the Secrat Hislorij of ilia Court of France under Louis XV. AIMGED MATRICIDE AT STOCKPORT.-As we stated last,, a woman named Alice Holt has been taken into custody at Stockport, charged with poisoning her own mother. The evidence given before the coroner on Saturday shows that, in March last, the deceased while ill was waited upon by her daughter, who from the first seemed more anxious to get a sum of money from the Weslcyan and General Assurance Society, in which the deceased was insured, than, to see the patient recover. She twice purchased three pennyworth of arsenic, ostensibly to destroy ver-i min in the house, but which, it is alleged, she' administered to her mother, who eventually died and was buried on the 30th of March. On the 12th instant, however, the body was disinterred, when, notwithstanding it had been seventy-four days under ground, it scarcely exhibited any of the usual signs of decomposition. The doctor who made the post mortam examination, found about 130 grains.of arsenic in the body. A verdict of " wilful murder" was returned;against Alice Iiolt. -Weekly D'-tpaloh, 28th June.' ' EMiGTtATioir FROM LANCASIIIRB.-On the 28th' ultimo, upwards of 1000 emigrants left the Vic toria liaHiray Station of the London and North western Company, Manchester, for Birkenhead, en route for New Zealand. The train consisted of twenty-one carriages, inclusive of" the luggage' vans, which appeared to be as heavily laden with goods as the carriages were with emigrants. The engine and carriages were gaily decorated with evergreens and flags, and a majority of the adven turers appeared as joyous and light-hearted as if they were going only for a short pleasure trip, instead of a distant voyage to the antipodes. The emigrants consisted of400 to 500 families, besides many single young men and women. The station was exceedingly crowded, there being quite aa many friends there to bid them "God-, speed" as thero were emigrants. The train started at a quarter-past . eleven a.m., and was under the charge of Mr. Cooper, the : emigration commissioner. For some hours previously many of the. younger people had been trying to hide their sadness by singing in chorus, and just as the steam-engine gavo its preliminary snort and was getting under way, their voices again burst forth in cheeiful concert, so that they departed in " happy seem ing," whatever might have been their real feel ings. The crowd of friends on the platform gave them a hearty farewell cheer as the train rolled out of the station, and some of them stood gazing down the line long after the train was out of sight. The crowd then gradually but slowly dispersed, and it was some time before the station was finally clearcd. A few blanched faces and tearful eyes might be seen among those left behind, but they were soon lost sight of in the crowd. The emi grants are going to Canterbury, New Zealand. Australian Mail, 3 8 th May. On the 10 th the memorial of the Prince Consort was publicly inaugurated at South Kensington, with every circumstance of stately pomp and royal ceremony. The whole fete, which was well planned, passed off with decided eclat. Iler Majesty had paid a private visit to the Horticul tural Gardens to examine the memorial statue erected to the memory of her lamented husband, on the day previous to the public ceremonial, and thus found an appropriate occasion for breaking through the restraint of her long lonesomeness. She was met by all the officers and council of the society, who had the honor of being presented to Her Majesty. Three days later-on the 12th the Queen for the first time saw the interior of the Exhibition Building. The visit was not a private one in the strict sense of the term, neither was it public, for the contractors declined to give orders of admission to any visitors beyond the Ministers and noblemen who were to receive Her Majesty under the western domo. Some ladies and gentlemen, however, to the number of about 100, who were aware of the Royal visit, came into the building from the Horticultural Gardens, and as sembled in the west galleries. Apropos of this in teresting event, I may mention that Parliament has 'just been applied to for an authorization to expend half a million sterling upon the Great Ex hibition building, and on the sile on which it stands. The proposal has raised quite a storm of disapprobation out-of-doors. It is denounced by nearly all the organs of the press as a gigantic job-an atrocious piece of sentimental huckster ing. The South Kensington clique never have been popular, and this barefaced attempt to palm upon the nation the monstrous architectural abortion of Captain Fowkcs as, "a great bargain," is almost too much for Mr. Ball's equanimity. The IIouts of Commons has sanctioned the purchase of the land for £120,000, and there is little doubt that, the rest will follow. 