MELBOURNE NEwV. ^ (Argitit.j ; Wo are informed that legal proceedings have been commenced against the lesaeo of ; the Princcss' Theatre, for exhibiting The Ghost." ,'Mr Baync, the 3oHeitor,'has; however, booh instructed by..Mr. Fawcettto dofend any.action that may, bo brought about the matter. , .. , . , , / i , j Mr Jeremy,'who, on the suspension of, Mr. Carru tliers, was nominated as acting .traffic superinten dent of the VictorianHailwayi, has been;.confirmed In that appointment. The appointment is a depart mental promotion ; Mr Jeremy, it will be remem bered, baring discharged tho duties of station master at Wooden'l when that place was tho terminus of tho line, and haying acted iri the same capacity for some time past at Melbourne. The services of the re cently appointed travelling inspectors, Messrs Ladd and Cuthbert, have beon dispensed with. Mr W. Owens has just issued in Melbourne a map of the colony of Victoria, which is certainly the best wo have yet seen for gonoral purposes. It has been, beautifully engraved in England, and is compiled from Government and other authentic surveys. The amplest information is givonin the clearest possible manner. Upon the same sheet are exhibited, upon a reduced scale, the whole of tho eastern half of the continent;: showing the latest explorations, ai d giving^ the main geographical features of South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, Cape York Peninsula, and the Gulf of Carpentaria, together with Tasmania. Mr Owens merits public support for having-produced this valuable contribu tion to geographical science. . (Herald.) With roferenco to tho man found dying in Bourke street, on the morning of the ISth instant, and on whiim an inquest was hold on Wednesday, his body has sincc> been identified as that of Gcon;o Mouat, lately residing in Little Lonsdale-street, near Lough nan's tobacco manufactory. Tho committee .on .the Parliamentary Refreshment Rooms have recommended that tho appointment of Comptroller of the iRofreshmbnt Rooms, vacant by the decease of Lieut-Colonel Varquharson, should be conferred upon Mr Palmer, the Sergeant-at ' Arms..; ; ...... . ' The Select Committee appointed to investigate the charge,brought by Mr Sinclair against Mr Wilson, met on Wodnesday, but tho businoss transacted was merely, of: a preliminary chavacter. Air M'Culloch was pleotod ohairman, and1 the committee adjourned until'to-uiorrow, when both complainant and duferi-' dantihuve been.summoni-J to ultencl. 