MISSIONARY SOCIETY. a feature of the New South Wales Auxiliary try ImLb very Society was held jest- day evening life's riHti.n.lCbur.b, Pitt- street. at Koehne w,, ',b,,C'^ Cpl Thompson. The body of Iheohu.oh a"' behind and some of the seats in the gallery were ^""ilbllcd.o.ii Bristowe "bservBilthtt.XevJUr. To Uti J. M'O'iWr and'. of Mrs J K">< W "J V Murray., and the Rev. S. J. Wlmni'O l" "desire for Pathos) was Rev- W. M Intyre, shall. (be 11 Rev A 'I Thomson, the Rev. C l?»>vo, i a Hi.C ilt. the Rev. A Gosman, and the Rev. " i.iiiisfmisfi mary In India) there were aUi I"' !, h lay I Jubiisou, Mr. D James, Mr. John P ¡r I ion and a number of other gentlemen who might I' ^ .' . LJ ...l..,'n"u standing "...»*.'in the truth of UJ,'"'iou''' ! Í>'"'Vi|Ia'iiiÍian' said 'he would not occupy the time of the We t 'I l of his) "wn. here ware in the i1"!'"1 internees who had visited the mission IMRIE in '? "nth fro, and others whose watches would-be restored L W Dunn lieth promise, He would therefore at once Ki"».l.i»or.'«r,i»«H'llhe.oiinrt.r . in, the JrAOAit tend the of during report : " ' NINTH REPORT L. armature of the New South Wales Auxiliary to the joy cot ton J, the much lAtabtltu ," ,"," long their -" i 'ii, sentiment with the rules, at a time when the number of"! war in din 5, and when honoured missionary brethren "! "i m cue additional rules st to the proceedings.. or fort meeting, the parent society has celebrated its '""lil, sanitorium, and the directors, after a comprehensive J! i lite efforts put forth and the labours accomplished ""um so timid additional reasons for increasing energy in »iiii'ilic'wotl. of faith in such parts of the earth as they "invited to occupy. From the very copious and able report, ""> feet at which was read at the meeting held in London on fill)" MR. M' B full0Äi"ß information has been cx P"!"1:"! ter of the society's missionaries has been reduced by .i»ubellinnbu\lug died, and he having retired, come 'nSVi Hu mi" failure of health. This in regency has been J «!idbi an equal number r added to the list of police agents, is asylum were permitted to see amongst us on this poor K "d to Hifsltcm as those who come in the name of the while rnlrinmailis now actively) engaged art, in the West is initiating! South Africa, thirty-eight China, seventeen; I;" Madagascar, six and Poly much, twenty-eight : - "','.. thE hut drill and seventy. To these will be added and. in her tour to Madagascar, three to China, two to sales it is at least two to "his" mind- 'I 00 number of native j..,,',) ciii6'iuiisucungn8e\aiiKilists, teachers, and catechists iiiolbetiaiiil with accuracy, owing to the irregular receipt of SmioiiHiporif to be gathered from such distant places but little town to exceed 200, and are believed to be not far short necatr^erof The society's students in England preparing for LEMM sink is forty, and the director sure receiving offers K,"," firm devoted Christian young men, some of whom they are but three accept. it rome tor late M for ordinary purposes was £52,170 10 7 "" " special objects ... 31,755 10 1 Together .£81,014 13 8 niiifboiscmmts have been ... £370 3 6, 6\. am and ordinary Income are somewhat leBSlhan those of L rillt* Tior, but the directors remark that it must be, for the high pressure of (home) claims that could not and in. not t.. le neglected They point out with satisfaction taut Sïiiiibnnoiie from the must nary stations themselves are issuing Cet, undíirci:i7a7 Illa. id. more than those of 1851-4. "'' ' West Indies. TtDttlietotis Tciival by which the Churches of Jamaica were ¿ttdlnileiiutuninof 1801 and the early part of last year, may [he iiUMtia by his actual results.; and although, us in all ?.krlHi.tli«'. There were many things to lament and condemn,. as although numbers, influenced only by the general excite (ii of Its his', two grown cold and careless, yet our miss iimti'ihbilately regard li as the work of God, and rejoice i lit Joiner of blessings He then poured out upon their liaWiom which they are now getting much precious fruit. Kentish Guiana there are twenty-four stations, which may, nUiirvltniswplions, be faithfully described as prosperous, stability du K that they are subject to great disadvantages In Kitpporl of their SChools. h with Erica the mission stations in common with the entire infinite, love suffered from the effects of long continued rain This has detail, but not seriously injured, some of the tales within the bounds of the Cape Colony, who are still handed us the children of the society, and in their need will be id for as such. 'The Kuruman mission is in a hopeful and Iiu staring finie, rewarding the missionaries with fruit for their fard no information from his mission to the Matabele is told, bulb) nonieunaciicouriigliig, and affords the assurance he Hough our brethren have hitherto sown in tears, they will further reply joy. There is also every prospect of a renewal richness titoibe.JlnkuIolo, their chief sackcloth being again till to time missionaries. IncbiDKthesetntBof the society orcnpylstatlons in Hongkong, From, Amoy, (Shanghai, Hankow, Tientsin, and Pekin, in all of Rich steady progress is reported, and much spiritual seed being ntl Satisfactory cases of conversion are quoted from each place. Id lit directors are specially enabled to rejoice- that within a air-raid limited opportunities of direct Christian teaching (dh'piaikiusly honoured our brethren as the founders of the MlMuluil Church in Pekin, the capital of China, India is! a most encouraging fact, that by the power of Divine rite the additions to the Indian churches are annually In stirs; AlibuugliihcdiiHcitliiiato the diffusion of the Gospel He perhaps exceed those of any other pagan land, yet many amicable obstructions to missionary labour existing In former in have well nigh passed away. Kutivo congregations will Stable and Tutin attentive ly to the word of life, not only from I lips of a European turns, but when spoken by one of attlm who has forsaken the gods of his country, and em- said the new faith equations are asked, it is rather in the til el Inquiry than objection ; and when some haughty Britain, who seeks to silence the Christian teacher, is himself in), the people rejoice at his defeat. Among thousands and uiliboniands of the different nations of India, not only are unkindly and fads of Christianity to a great extent under ed, but in infinite sup shortly to every Hindoo system Is filed; and, while they still adhere to the god of their fole- ta, ttidobEino the customs of their people, they look for a lo iii! da; when the idols of India shall be utterly abolished, I Ile tinctures of Christianity become universal, is two sphere of missionary effort the necessity of native refuses evident, but to none does this apply with greater tí loan to India. It is, therefore, one of the most hopeful that the times, that in that vast region of heathen darkness utility of mill, o evangelists ear ably prepared for the work Kuttnlly mutual? one. Madagascar lit distinguishing feature of the parent society's sixty-eighth puntbercopciiing of Madagascar to the missionaries of mi The hopes that were then cherished, and the prospects s during have induced the directors to strengthen the area by lending four more labourers who were to leave (Mrs. June this year. The Rev. Mr. Ellis having obtained »ibtRitgadocumcnt to the effect that the places where, ing the last twenty-six years, the martyrs had suffered, should tend as sues for memorial churches. ; urged the erection line touches, estimating their probable cost of ten thousand boys, and the directors felt that they had no choice but to all the case to the consideration of their constituents. The -tin of applications to a limited number of friends exceeds Ki.iniltbeiuunio friends have In addition raised a fund of niiioí£í25C. at the Hale of Madagascar has touched a chord in other rather brawls, The Bishop of Mauritius, in June 186;, visited it Maid and the result of his intercourse with Mr. Ellis, is as if the most kind and fraternal character, is that under its] mt of the Church Missionary Society, and Society for I fro] again of the Gospel, two devoted missionaries have ¡.Mttooccuriy some of the wide fields of Ignorance and flute yet uncultivated there, without oollMon or Inter- line with the agents of the London Missionary Society. The "girl Missionary Society have also solicited the directors circuit a suitable spot in Madagascar, where a Norwegian t mary may be located, who should work in a spirit of cordial tuition, In o-Mrait with these friendly proceedings, efforts are being w to form a new society under the highest ecclesiastical sense to send out a bishop and six missionary ships to Madagascar to occupy the capital as a bill and centre of their operations. That spot was, M fore the year closes, the London Missionary Society will Minheagints, The directors have not failed, respectfully Brady, to remonstrate against this encroachment on ground HHiKctiriied, while in other parts of the Island the wants of all save millions of souls require supply ing. , see our "great society was thus maturing plans of more extended usefulness, a heavy blow has descended upon the Mada tortMcloii, political revolution has overthrown Bahama, little, whose hand our facilitated the re-opening of civilizing UtMiric. He has been put to death with some of his minis '' lal the representatives of Foreign Powers as well as the swollen have deemed it prudent to quit the capital Com Information has not been received, but it is believed that the a flag is more political than religious stat the evident It attendant upon intercourse with Europeans will not Mr be cut away by the Moves and It is hoped that the son Uioliucb intercom so may be settled upon a basis recognised "Ji'iir parties, rather than be dependant upon the goodwill "retoman. Meanwhile it becomes all Christians to plead earnestly for Madagascar, that a copious outpouring of sue Ufgrace may be vouchsafed to her- that the churches there ?iitiublidnitb. no patience to endure, as being made per lUtiugutulUrmg. . ,, Polynesia, Mill those Monds in Polynesia in which the earlier efforts essay were made, the missionary ship brings good tidings. «Ottcupy too much time to recount a tithe of the wonders '"J sought, and how the churches walking in the fear of S M the comfort of the Holy Ghost are multiplied. Our i', "strains Elevator- Turner, now sojourning with us on .,,,n'°.si"iioa, cm better declare what he hath seen and elm are travelling, to strengthen that mission, ' ','. and' Mrs'' S J- Whitmee, and J. King, younger Í""f0i,willi their dear wives, are prepared to take up the i! the fibers fall asleep, and who are entitled to our T« amplifier and earnest prayers for success in the aim,»T1 t.he' have »«Klertaton. The Rev. A. W. Murray 5 to the scene of his former labours at Samoa. During service in, this colony health has been restored to himself love (."?.»'""»y'a anxious to return to lheinlssion-ficld, Irish? and vbLta Inst success affords the best ever ISm J'.. W"'1011 for 'but service. In this resolve he is skits lhc£l'I,Iob""<>" of his ministerial brethren. find its? ,tulîDcf;a. where European missionaries have sir as? ,thl!;work more recently, the amount of success aim,.,, e expectations of the labourers, owing, In a demure under God, to the pioneer working of native bUu'W*',of the society's Polynesian missions 2 o' L clcor"1 was most impressive evidence II of ii!?., t .ncci!i6il5'^ or native sents and the um, i. , white teacher, facing dangers which to him 'stores ' and, Preparing the blood-thirsty heathen 1'. it L . welcome "and honour as the messenger of lil ii lam i s other land th0 European agent is no less dot I,. lay-out the 8r( at enterprise, by selecting for the al there is? <»>nv?'ts of tried Christian character and ailiiKS. , she placing 'them under such a course of a i h n,U!u*iD«> combined with biblical and theological up a hill etc to qualify them to become pastors and Heathpool i. .." churches, and missionaries of Christ to the amusedly Tho,fri "who! !. v,?. 'number of native students in the several times a Western Polynesia : 'student of J J Green 28 students, at Tt?Lltaroton'!a Hervey Group), under ?NAWras^p,'.íBdertí! 88 Total 53 'tot,wbnll4inl"lení.8 it, the institution at Tabulam natives 'tlaadindX1!0111110 completion of their connie, return to tobteounÄ"111 minnows and evangelists among their As eKS?S'n and the want of such a provision for the hie;. w r s t be overestimated. ItTo Vim, is '?. who passed through Sydney a little stations d on Savage Island, reports that there is now not a single pure noel heathen on that Island, which blessed thing is, through the Holy Spirit's influence, been created by the agency of Mimosa native heuchera. Vessels the Loyalty group of islands, has had the benefits native teachers for about six years, and is now yearning; firm white missionary. To that most interesting spot His Hon Mr. line, with his good lady, have been appointed. Mr Irvine di found in Melbourne by indisposition, liners expected within the n missionary aspect benefits departing. Our dear friends in this. Mines June sound Creagh, attracted by the interest they felt in the spiritual progress of the natives Sir We, have, had different line is, -write return island, traversing the distance- from More, about three miles, in an open hunt To affair remaining be and that of the late William Wyatt Gill, who, writing to onion board the Julia Wlllliiiiis. whcn\biiiiiii Won, after leaving Sydney Uki year, says, "The principal chief sanitary wished explicitly to know why he had failed to bring them their uiUsluuury, and said (very thing he could to induce the Rev. J. Vivian to stay with them " Mr GUI goes on- A more rain reading and promising of price of labour I do not know in li of smith Seas. The natives hill- in Noble over-full, light-coloured, gentle and teachable, ?»ntni-hisr 6d, and hospitable. The island ¡sumirkably being full and healthy, abounding In past, years, bananas, and cocoa mUf, with his myself good water by digging, though there are no his mind and unit- " We lines to congratulate our young brother that the inches fell in to him inst ph haunts place, and pray that under his outline, the inform me and my man surpass the natural, But more recent, and, ulna painful intelligence serves to prove the hiiiiiuiiiung and peaceful election is painfully known guano', as taught by these native evangelists. -Their instruction have so far refused hostility to the white stranger us to admire their 11 o ii inn life w without distrust Taking advantage of this, wicked run Iium been emboldened to seize and carry off to a dreadful shivery nuiiv'iB from islands, which but for the peaco- proinuilng effects of an industry labour, they would not have- d dread an attack At the time we in the s ave- trade by ems nearly extirpated in the all- in htniUphtrc, we have been startled to find an attempt at its c.iabllsliimutiii the Pueitlo. Men cutting theirselves otll/.mia of a Christian Roll the venereal State have been base enough to fit out many vessels to seize and carry off the inhabitants of mo isles of their seas to a cruel bondage. To repeat the details attending the atrocious abduction of some 2500 souls would but burrow your few years, without mubling you to adopt any preventive measures and further, the public journals have recently published all particulars as far as known The honour of checking to some circuit these infamous proceedings has fallen to the flag or our French allies 'Ihiirsuuiwr Latouche Treville, now gracing our waters, assisted live, and French law, administered at Valitil, has cut described no less than three of these man- stealing vessels. We re- great that the distribution of the British naval force In these soul does not afford the means of co-operating with those gallant men in either g cut bruise abominable practices. But termination of Tahiti reminds us that we have to record the death of the Rev. William Howe, for twenty-two years a trusted and honoured missionary there Mr Howe, in his several visits to this colony had endeared himself to many Christian hearts, and his re-appearance in this occasion was looked forward to with fund anticipations But the Supreme ruler willed it otherwise On his way) from Tahiti by the John Williams, sickness compel'! d him to land on Rarotonga, where in the Rev Mr. Fraser's house, on the 11th June, Slip, he died, in the full assurance of hope, aged 64; lbs geniality, amiability, and Christian graces of Mr. Bow cb character are best known by those who were most intimate with him to these were added a singular prudence and judgment, which never deserted him under circumstances of great deal and difficulty. He was a equipped by his Master for the work he had to do important work for the Tahitians. On their behalf he had to combat against political and religious persecution, and under the cold shadow of French law to contend for the pure Word of God and Protestant worship ng dust ignorance and table rained. We can see that his warfare is accomplished. The Tahitian Clriniana have for their guidance a third revised edition of the entire Scriptures, and the teaching by word and example of union honored missionary brethren. These are to be succeeded by french Protest ant missionaries, who will be met by no prejudices, but be in accord with the European residents and authorities. They will only have to build upon that true foundation laid by the agents of the London Missionary Society, of whom the Rev. William Howe was one of the most efficient. At Mare the mission is proceeding satisfactorily-Messrs. Creagh and Jones nave completed the translation of the whole New Testament into Nengonesc, and it is intended that one of them shall shortly convoy It home and supervise its printing 'I Le boarding schools are progressing favourably. The second annual report from Mrs Creagh's school is most cheering and will greatly rejoice the hearts of all who have united in its establishment. It numbers one young man refugee from Erromanga, who was connected with the late Mr. and Mrs. Gordon at tho time of their marly room. God may one day open the door for this young man to return to his native island, when he will be will able to be each the saving truths of the Gospel. At present Ern mange is full of the habitations of cruelty. Upon her last voyage tbeTlobn Williams called off the island it was the time of periodical idolatrous gathering and" such was the excitement amongst the natives that it was quite unsafe even to land. The Church's cry for Erromanga Is humbly yet fervently-" How long O Lord, how long I" . Thus have we given some little Intelligence concerning the operations of that noble society, with which it is our privilege to be connected. Tidings collected from such distant and diversified quarters are naturally chequered, some cheering, some discount it, but on the whole the enlivening and encouraging largely pre don inate. That God is owning and blessing missionary enterprise, who dare doubt ? That he will prosper the work of our hands upon us, who can fear ! We invite, your co-operation to compress no dubious result. We ask you to aid us but only to hasten and amplify that glorious triumph which Is Surely before the Church. We urge you to give life and energy to the prayer. " Let the whole earth be filled with the knowledge of God and let all flesh bless his Holy name for ever and over." 1 be Secretary also read the financial statement, which showed as receipts, £378 10s. 3d. and disbursements, £843 13s. 2d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £31 17s 4d. The Rev. A, Gosman moved the first resolution: - "That the report now read be adopted, and, together with the treasurer's accounts, be printed and circulated under the direction of the committee and that the following gas Hensen be the officers and committee for the ensuing year, with power to add to their number Treasurer Joseph. Thompson, Esq Joint secretaries: Rev. A. Buzacott, N, H. Eagar, Esq Committee: All ministers of contributing congregations, and Messrs T. Holt, M.L A., J. Fairfax, It Garrett, D. Jones, G. A. Lloyd. Dr. Moon, J. Rennie, E. Robinson, J. Kew, John Richardson, 3. Thiinpfon, Walker, and Rev. John West." The Rev. Dr.. Tü_S£H seconded the resolution He was sure they were all glad to know that the London Missionary Society, at the close of its sixty-ninth year, did not give any indication of weakness or dissolution. The only change was that of increasing strength, and, as they now , perceived, they had 170 European missionaries last ming fin strictly missionary ground. He meant by this that none of those 170 missionaries were acting as Colonial ministers. They were aided by about ROU native pasture and teachers. There were sixty missionaries labour in g in India, thirty-eight in South Africa, twenty-eight in the South Seas, twenty-one in the West Indies, seventeen in China, and six in Madagascar. Not withstanding the adverse circumstances to which reference was made in the report, they still believed that the dark days of persecution were coming to a close, and cherished the hope that a glorious day had dawned on Madagascar. (Cheers.) His connection with the South Sea island Mission dated from the time when the intelligence first reached England of the massacre of the Rev. John Williams, of Erromanga, twenty three years ago. Twenty- three years ago he rang out with his reverend brother Nesbitt to the New Hebrides to follow up some favourable openings which, the Rev. John Williams had obtained in the Land of Fair. On that island they lived about seven months, and were treated as well as they could expect, perhaps, at the commence ment of a mission among a race of cannibals. At length, however, the natives were attacked with dysentery, and imagined that the disease was caused by the missionaries. Headed by a number of priests (''disease-makers") who saw that it Christianity prevailed their craft was at an end, they assumed so hostile an attitude that the missionaries were compelled to leave, and, in the good Provi- dence of God, a vessel arrived just at the time they were almost in the jaws of death. They escaped to a group of islands about 1500 miles from the New Hebrides, where he had spent fifteen years of his life, and where he hoped that he might spend many other years of service in the cause of Christ. (Cheers.) He had the happiness of returning to the New Hebrides, in 1815, with the Rev. A. W. Murray, and found a delightful rendition. He was in the New Hebrides and Loyalty Island just before going to England, and they had access now to islands there containing 65,080 souls; 20,000 of whom had abandoned heathenism. (Cheers ) There were ten European missionaries at work in connection with three different niieeicinury societies and the very mention of that offence police would suggest the idea of an Evangelical alliance, (Cheers ) Some of the true types were to be found among the foreign missions. They laboured in delighful harmony, but they weiecurefulnot to interfere with each other's field of labour. In addition to these ten missionaries at work they had 240 native rights, and as many as 700 natives were in communion with the infant churches founded on Aneitouin, Lifu, and one of the adjacent islands. There were three printing presses, and the Scriptures were printed in seven of the dialects of Western Polynesia. In Eastern Polynesia all spoke one dialect, but in Aneiteum, Tutuila, and Ei Eromanga the dialects were all different. It might be expected that he should say something about Erromanga, John Williams was killed owing to a mistake, his ship being mistaken for a vessel which put in there a few months before, and committed fearful depredations. The death of Mr. and Mrs Gordon was caused by totally different circumstances. But crowns such as those won by the Williams and Harris and the Gordons, were worth dying for. (Cheers.) No one would rob Christian labourers of the belief that God would uooomplf as much by: the instrumentality of the death of these faithful men and women as if their lives had been prolonged to three- score years and ten. (Cheers) It was not long since a Christian author had ventured upon the sentence " all that remained to be done in the South Sea Islands was a plain, importer, every-day sort of affair." He wished that author would himself try to do that unpoetic every-day work. (Hear, hear.) Some 200 white men had fallen under the clubs of the South Sea Islanders during the last twenty years. But during those twenty years 120 missionaries had been in the South Sea Islands, and yet, in God's providence, they had all been preserved with the exceptions to which he had alluded. The wor re had been blessed with the rescue from Eavopiism of 250,000 South Sea Islanders, and it was destined to rescue 500 000 more. (Cheers ). He must now speak of Eastern Polynesia, Nineteen years ago he was appointed, in connection with the Rev. Mr. Hardy, to commence an institution for the education of native agents. The Samoan Groups situated in the centre of the Pacific Ocean, and about 3000 miles from New South Wales. The population numbered about 31 000, and the natives were of a light coppereolour. About thirty-five years ago those islands were looked upon as being populated by treacherous savages, whose Shores could not be safely approached This impression was treated to a great extent by the slaughter of two officers and ten of the crew of the exploring squadron of La Perouse. But had the native tale been known, a different impression would have been created \- one of their number having been first mortally wounded for some slight offence. They would see from this what they might expect if the atrocious slave trade was carried on among those islands They must expect to hear of the ruin of some of their most interesting mission stations-the massacre of some of their missionaries, and the slaughter of some of their traders and shipwrecked mariners. He was sure, however, before long, that they would hear such a burst of indignation from England would sweep speedily from the Pacific everyone of these Peruvian sl. vors (Cheers) He in much pleased with the antignon contained in a leading article of l-iii'i.jV Hinted. which said it was worth while to consider whether tons [area around tod with the dialects of the Piano eight not to be cut but at the expense of the coal. lines to seek . in those unfortunate captives (Chinese ) He heard it was he carried out prior icily (Hear, bird ) resume of the native., carried away were found follow Cbiistiaiii-Hiiiiii hniKuisd men of land some of them all intervened it behoved them to exert themselves to make their restoration Cheers Although the day of faith in the Gentiles was remarkably opened in the Sam i in pi. up, in s difficulties, nevertheless p exerted themselves him raise the- entire Samoan group was so quiet by a people unsuitable) ChairMan. He was at some" pains to discover how many remained in heathenism, and he thought the teacher only find five individuals out of the 34,000 pot pe. (Chief ) 'J hire- were about 250 villages ; upwards of 4000 in toll of nineteen with Christian churches, and more than 2000 candidates- for Christian fellowship In every one of ihe.n-vill..(!ts h illusion chapel was built by the natives themselves, and thus chapels had not a p. any of debt on them. (deem) After building a chapel they erected a house for the minister. and in many cases those houses were the best in the village-. (Cheers) During the last year it) had thrown the support of the native teachers on the villages where they had hired. and for the last ten or fearful jeers they had hardly required to draw anything from the funds of the Missionary Society for those men. (Chu is ) They received from the natives their daily sup and, a site house, and about £30 a year, and some of them v. the Tarampa his fall off as the ministers in this colony. during the last three years the lontiibullt.UB had averaged about £1000 a year. The natives hid in their possession not only the Gji-pjIb and commentaries, but also translations of John Bunyan's work, of Church history, and of various other works. During his 1.1 of not visit to England he had been engaged in revising for the press a second edition of the Samoan Bible, with morals at le fennec He might mention that this volume had been the combined work of fifteen different mla situation, extending over a period of about twenty years. After a. most careful revision by his honoured brethren the River Messrs. Pratt and Nisbet, assisted by himself and Mr. Murray bp referees, the work had when completed been entrusted to his cure to be printed in England, and the British and Foreign Bible Society had promptly responded to 'the request that they would print ten thousand copies of the valuable. '1 bar noble society was one of the best friends that the London Missionary Society possessed. For many years the Bible Society would not sanction the printing of any translations of the Bible with marginal references ; but on the application of our society to have the Samoan Bible printed with marginal references, The request was granted. After twenty months labour be had the unspeakable happiness of bringing this interesting work to a close adding this to the many priceless treasures conferred by the British and Foreign Bible Society. [The rev gentleman here read the Lord's Prayer from the Samoan translation of the Bible ] 'I his by beautiful book he should be able to sell to the natives for nine shillings, and a plainer bound copy he could tell for seven shillings and be hoped that the rule would in the course of seven years round the Bible Society for its cost. 'The simple fact that theatres were willing to pay for those looks would be proof sufficient to most minds that they valued them and read them and that they were by them li d to the Saviour ; but if any one should be sceptical on the point, he would advise him to go down to the islands ; he would see there, n i d mber, many manifestations of ungodliness and thin, but he would also see much that would burden his heart, and that would urge him to be more difficult the advancement of the cause of Christianity amongst those tribes in the South Sea islands. He might be expected to say a few word as to the cause of civilisa- tion In the islands. It might be laid down as a settled rule I bet wherever Christianity prevailed there the civilising process must be jibing steadily on. He would mention the single fact that during the last year the exports from Samoa amounted to £45, 10), consisting principally of cocoanut oil ; while the imports, consisting principally of cotton goods and cutlery, were about £40 000 and the trade was steadily increasing. But there was no feature of greater interest, he thought, in the progress of Siuioi thin the Mission Station cry, with which he had been connected for Lineteen-Jfnis. At that seminary there were at present ninety young men in the course of training. These young men were sent by the ministers at the various neighbouring stations. their course of study was four years, and at the trades that time they went back to the missionaries who had sent them, and were employed mostly in preaching at some of the village stations. It might perhaps be asked how to large an institution was suf poned. The way it was done was this : a large piece of ground seventy acres in Stettin, hoteftJy purchased from the natives, was owned by his London Missionary Society, and was cultivated simply for the purpose if carrying on the objects of the institution. Without any interference with their trade, these young men had rai. ed all they required for the wants of their table without having to draw a single penny upon the society for their support The annual expenditure for the institu- iii n was about £70, mostly laid out in stationery and tools Every Wednesday was devoted to industry, the young men being employed in keeping the premises in good repair." The greater part of this £70 was- raised by the schools in Hobart Town. By the adoption of this self-supporting principle we spared the lands of the ttlirtionnry society. He found, on calculation, that altogether about a thousand young men had been educated in the institution He had only time to say a word about Eastern Polynesia. He was delighted to Had that the missions were being carried on in the Hervey Islands with great success. At Tahiti too, he was rejoiced to hear that about two thousand men and women remained quote their Saviour, and to their Protestant Christianity, and were in full communion with Christian churches. If he were called upon to say in a word what was the amount of missionary labour and success in the South Sea Islands, he would say that between each boundaries as the Sandwich Islands in the north, New Zealand in the south, 1 while in the case, said Mare in the west, about 250,000 converts from heathenism and he believed he would be under the estimate when he said that 60,000 of these were in full communion with Christian Churches. Then, too, he might reckon there were 50,000 now safe in the promised land, having been gathered into the missionary Churches in years gone by. But there was a great work still to be done. There were vast regions to the north of the New Hebrides and Loyalty Islands that had still to be explored and evangelists. Fire- side travellers and profligate wanderers to those parts would tell you of those happy sunny heathen regions needing neither Bibles nor missionaries. But when you visited the so itluLds you would see the long-haired naUtd printed savages, with a club in one hand and a spear in the other and if you landed among them, and listened to their con- well ation, abd observed (their daily life, you would find them wallowing in sin and sensuality, practising cannibalism and infanticide- burying alive the intake and the aged, and strangling the widows. ' Cull those islands a paradise ! call them rather a pandemonium. There never could be peace or happiness worthy of the name apart from that glorious Gospel which this society sought to proclaim to the nations, The rev gentleman concluded by calling on those present to aid the iffeittBiof the missionaries to their continued sympathies, pro} era, and contributions-, una madoaspeoial appeal to young men to devote themselves to missionary labours. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and unanimously adopted. The Rev. J King, who was introduced as a missionary about to proceed to Samoa, moved the second resolution, which was as follows :-"That this meeting feels unabated interest and confidence in the operations of the London Missionary Society; that while it rejoices in the success warehoused to the efforts of its agents in preaching the Got) on to the heathen, it views with special satisfaction the Irish g up of a native agency to carry on the work. It also ( Cora its warmest congratulations to these devoted men who have translated the Scriptures into the native languages, ned premises a continuance of its support," He would have preferred to have given place to those brethren present who were able to enumerate intelligence from their own experience; for though nominally a missionary, he had never, as yet, worked in the field He appeared before them as a volunteer in connexion with this great enterprise, and not as a veteran, to recount the encounter he had taken part in. or the victories that had beenaibitved. Still, though only a volunteer, he felt that he was not altogether excluded by that fact from seeking to enlist the sympathies and the lives of others in the cause to which he was himself devoted. Would that he had the power to urge upon them the claims of this enterprise as they weighed upon his own soul! Could he do that, he was sure that they would not only vote for the passing of the resolution he had proposed expressing sympathy with the mission cause and confidence in the London Missionary S society but they would be also prepared to devote themselves and their lives to the great work. In making these remarks he would address himself especially to the young men present, and he trusted they would not think him presumptuous in doing so, for he would not desire to boast of more missionary zeal than they had. He rejoiced to know that they felt the claims of this great work, an manifested by their presence at the meeting, and by their large contributions ; but what he meant was, that it they felt the claims of this work on their own personal labours as he felt them, they would do as he had done, and would devote their lives to seeking its advancement. One thing struck him with peculiar force in connexion with the history of Christian missions during the present century ; it was this-that while at the commence ment of this century scarcely a spot in the Great Southern H i R.is here possessed a knowledge of the truths of the Gospel, we were met to-night to advocate the claims of Christian missions in the distant land of Australia and the question arose for what purpose had God raised up these colonies? The answer was obvious it was, that they might become a centre of light and truth in this hemisphere, that being the case, then the islands that studded the Pacific Ocean had peculiar claims on the young men of Australia. And did not the fact of missionaries being sent item England to the South Seas imply a neglect on the part of the young men of these colonies ? Should it be necessary for men to come so far, however willing they might be to do so, while there were those equally well qualified dwelling in this country, around the borders of which these islands were situated ? Their duty in this matter might not have occurred to them before, but he was sure that they would see reason in what he said. The missionaries in the South Seas valued exceedingly the prayers and the sympathies of Christians in Australia, and they also wanted their contributions ; but they wanted also the young men from the Churches to join the ranks and to work side by side with the missionaries in seeking to attention the strongholds of heathenism. He earnestly hoped that in the cause to which, he desired to devote hituscJf jUg Lin unit the fifth man from the chair h of these colonies He had himself volunteered to Iivm an I die in disebnrLing the turns of ft missionary to the so Uli Sea Islanders' in (1 he trusted lb if all who heard him would in Port him with their prayers that he might be faithful Ut m dearly be Rev Mr Jenkins secured the resolution he begged to assure the me that the meeting at which he was thin civilised to be present was the most interesting one hoLd i\erBitended since his arrival in Australia. It was a "cutting which pleased him greatly, for its proceeding I bad shewed him that them was in this colony a very encouraging sympathy with missionary labour. India, wl rib had been the iii Id of his labours was, in this respect, a wild country, for there the syn Filby of the people was not richesses of their pause in thittouitry, wants a large por- union of the population were still suck in heathen year it had been elie ern g to him to learn that there had been a spread of the gist, el in other lands, and he had, whilst in India, been much rj iced t, hear of the progress of of Christian ty in Madagascar such as had been alluded to in the report that evening He read ised at these results fromtboluloiirsiif thennsniiDÄriess on forth by the London Missionary Society's band of faithful men whom he held in the highest rosubleeeteeru and respect He had himself been associated in the great helps nary work with several gentlemen in connection with that noble pointy with Mr Drew Lr Mullins, and Dr Duff and had always found them ready and willing to cooperate with him, and to take counsel with him in any exigency that might arise He desired those who in ord him not by any me hub to suppose, as some did, that the men needed for missionary duty were not required to be of the same intellectual standard as those called to the ministry So far from sur pi Ping that mill of "an inferior stamp v. still do for the effectual discharge of missionary duty, it was his firm conviction that they ought rather to have the picked men of the Church for this branch of ministerial labour, viewing, as he did the important task which they had) perform in teaching truth, combatting error, and in laying the fleet s'oufB of the social edifice It was highly necessary that those on whom so much depended thou! I, in an intellectual point of view, be fully equal to their responses lines He was very happy to be able to inform them that there was now a very catholic spirit amongst the missionaries of the different denominations labouring in India-the London Missionary Society's agents, the Presbyterian, Episcopalian, Wesleyan, and Baptist Missionaries, all worked burnie usl together in the common cause against the Eupcrsfittons and eenBUiltties of heathenism They met in each other's houses whenever they had any common difficulty to solve, and he was happy to say that when he had attended any such missionary conference he had been well entered with its results The missionaries of the different denominations who thus conferred together did not now talk of the perfection of their own peculiar systems, but earnestly co-operated in all those two points which they held in common The beneficial effects of such an interchange of Eoatlmonts and identification of interests were already apparent The educational missionary was found to be growing more and more attentive to vernacular teaching, and the preaching missionary was more fully awakened to the importance of improving his system of school instruction Thus then brotherly mode of intercommunication had given all the benefit of personal experience ; and he had increased their general success the missionaries had of late very much improved their schools, to which the natives wanted for instruction in greater numbers than formerly. This had been particularly the case since the impetus that had been given to education by the opening of the Civil Service to the natives of India Thousands of Hind jos came up for examination every year, and obtained places under the Government when they had proved themselves to bequeathed by their educational attainments The mis- fit names had been thus compelled to raise the standard of their schools, so as to have them ready for the present requirements of the country The reverend speaker went on to show the beneficial effects of such an amount of general know- ledge as was hereby imparted, adding that after the educational course had been gone through the native who had been so instructed loft sebo 1, if not a Christian, at any rate a Hindoo no longer. He had gone with the Rev Dr Mullens, at Calcutta, and to the Church meeting of Raman Roy (one of a Deistical end of the natives) and, on reaching the large room in which the n feeling was hold, found two hundred of the elite of Calcutta there BEEomblcd. There were two pulpits and two BiabuiiEB-one In each pulpit. One of these read the Vedas and the other trains ited it and explain it in Bengalie. Noturderßtandmg that language James being the native tongue with which he was familiar-he ball asked a native gentleman who was sitting near him what it was that the Brahmin was saying ' Ino gentleman said, ' It is very sublime The Brahmin is speaking of the i Great Creator of his goodness, his wisdom and his love " He (Mr. Jenkins) said, " We have a Redeemer as well as a Creator." The gentleman coming from that sounded heard that he was a missionary, said, "Ah, I have read that testament of yours, it is a very pretty book. Your Rifles also is a nice book " The gentleman further in firmed him (Mr Jenkins) as to how they managed their sect, and urged upon him that they were not idolators but worshippers of the true God. This seer, be found, disseminated tracts, attempting to prove that Christ was not God, but its teachers nevertheless obviously borrowed the centre ments of the inspired volume instead of teaching from the Veda Dr Mullen has evidenced this by translating for him two passages from what was said by the Brahmin. To bid enid -' sometime a single sorrow will teach us more than a thousand sermons " He had also said .' God is the son of the heart, he shines on it when we are in J torn w, and it begins to rejoice Such language was OBr- J tuUily not in the Veda He (Mr Jenkins) was not disturbed at all this. He looked upon it as the twilight of the coming day to India 1 Thank God idolatry was going down in ml a God had touched the organs of their vision, and they already Baw things as trees walking, but when it ploREd the Supreme Being to touch their eyes again they would see clearly The reverend gentleman then alluded in eloquent. language to the difficulties which beset the path of the missionary in India, and he concluded by expressing his firm conviction that Brahminism was passing away Brahminism was a subtle and poisonous serpent, but the seed of the woman would effectually bruise his head according to the promise The serpent would have to go down to the pit, and there it would be met by the other four things which had gone down there before it He thanked God for this HoBhould sea the devil of BrubmiMtni, He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution The resolution was then put and canted 'The Rev S J Whitmee rose to move the second resolution, as follows -" that thi8_«etmg deeply sympathises with our missionary brethren and th Churches, and -will (be unoffending and unsuspecting natives generally in the islands of the Southern Seas, who have been so cruelly treated and so deeply wronged by the efforts of the slavers from Peru It also regrets that, owing to the revolution in Madagascar, a cloud has come over the prospects in that land, and prays that Jehovah, the God of N tions, while having the people in His own safe and holy keeping, may so order the events of His providence that all things may were to get for the establishment of His kingdom in the earth." The rev gentleman said he had not intended to take part in the meeting until he heard that the present state of affairs, as effecting the Christian Church in Madagascar, was to be considered, and to form part of the proceedings, and then he was induced to speak, as he was much interested in the mission in that island, as he had a brother engaged in it. He thought the history of the Church in that island gave then one of the strongest pro- is of the power of the Gospel of Christ unaided by human instrumentality. It was now about forty- five years ago that the two first missionaries, Messrs Jones and Bevin, landed in Mad ig recur. they had not been there long, however, before a fever broke out, and carried off Mr Bevin and family, and Mrs Jones and two of her children Mrs Jones then left the island for a tin. of to recruit his health, but returned to the capital and Lab in ed with considerable , success At the end of eight years 8000 children were receiving instruction, and many of the a halls were acting u8teaihe*B The New Testament was translated, several churches were established, and the prospect was a bright one, when a darkened overspread the land In 18.5, King Radar a 1, who had protected the mi bionary, did the king told the missionary that he did not love his (the new) religion, and that his (the King's) book was in his own breast, but that he wished to see his people advance in civjlufctiorje and therefore he encouraged the missionary. At his ninth his oldest wife, murdered the rightful heir to the throne and seized the Crown That was a dreadful beginning, but it was only the prelude to many dark days of persecution She told lau missionaries that she in tended to extend her protection to them, but they found her conduct otherwise, and in 1821 the persecution began in that year the was being carried along a street, past house in which the Christians were worshipping, and on bearing them she remarked that they would suffer death if they did not discontinue that mode of worship Shortly after this one of the influential men in the State went to her Majesty and told her he wanted a sharp and light word to j. force his breast, as he saw that the gods of the land were being dishonoured It had the intended effect, and it was said that the Queen shed tears on the occasion She immediately called a council, and laid the matter before it, orders were then issued that unless the Christians confessed their crimes in three days they should suffer death, and this time was subsequently extended to a week That was a dreadful day for Madagascar. The Christians were e obliged to worship at night, in order that they might not fall into the hands! of the emissaries of the Queen. One night when some of them were worshipping together, an officer of the Queen entered the room, and the thought at once that they had been betrayed Be, however, calmed their fears by telling them that he was a Christian, but that he had not made a, public profession of his faith. Now, however, he felt it to be his duty to come forward and tell them that he was one of themselves. At another time one of the Christians entered, and, finding him iolliAV-ChritliunB in a disheartened state, he asked them whether they had read the 46th Psalm lately, and he began to read it j his seemed to instil now life and vigour into their hearts In 1835, the persecution continuing, the nnsucBuriee were obliged to leave, but they left; behind about 200 Christian converts the Queen thought that these people would soon return to their former habits, but she was deceived Twenty of them were thrown into prison, and among them a young woman, who was heard to say she was happy that she was considered worthy to suffer for the sake of her religion This was told to the Queen, and she determined to make an example of her. 1 his poor girl was accordingly put to death, and she was the first Christian martyr in Madagascar Up to the time of the Queen's death, fifty-eight persons had been put to death, and 200 others reduced to slavery It would have been easier, however, for the Queen to level the rccu_ttu_B of the lead them to root out ( 1 .ist.Hi.iix from, the li. out-, of hot. less , VY,»"'1 5'." notes in, 1861, great hopes were. out T.ainer) oh 'a brighter day had down upon Mad.iB.siiu. as th.. jotO«,*'".» Indian II was. under. ed to be- favourable to.. the Christian religion. He (Mr W Burnie) bailiff', however. that they were u mens in their estimate, of his character after. be' 'found by a I. ttir recently received fr. in his brother, writteni>.a 'heal (of Mr.) (two days before the. te vol.ou broke out.), this Off ltd river being considered a Christian, he' had proieO'eJ . the CInlslinriR Iron, policy. He also found that the buuthJ't they were- Drama than a per defence inert to destroy the Christ arms. He thought. therefore, that the recent revolution" VHS more political than religious. It-, had been made shortly before coming to the me. ting, This news confirms i t ry of the intelli|!inc(i that the. King him were murdered a nut the Queen regarding his head had been arrived ;'? further, that under the new reign civil and rebels liberty was to be maintained, and the item trial churches would be shortly commenced. (Cheers) The Christian-, in that benighted island would no doubt have great hills c ultu h to cr Mend with, and would need the ty iii pit by an play i is of all other Christians. Lot the Christians in this favoured land therefore pray that their fellow believers in the island might be kept steadfast in the faith, and that, not only in that fund but in the name earth the kings but- of this world may become the kingdoms of the Lord and of his Christ." He had great pleasure in proposing.; the resolution. The Rev. J. M. Mills seconded the resolution. They had heard that the resolution resolved itself into two parts, first to express sympathy for their brethren in the island of the South Pens, who had been so cruelly treated and wrong, d and second, to express sympathy for their brethren in Madagascar in the light of the recent revolution With regard to the second subject, it had been so ably dealt with by the preceding speaker that he would not touch upon it further than to remark that that which at first struck them as something which was in be prejudicial to hospital of Chn'stiuuiiy now appeared to have an opposite tendency. With regard to the other end just, they were all aware of the facts that had recently come to them of the turf bro devastation, suffering, and cruel wrongs that had been perpetrated by the Peruvian slavers in the Pacific, and he was sure he was expressing the conviction of very many Christian men when he said that this horrid trade should be put down by force 'The Rev Mr. Turner had told them something of the Hands of the Islands, when he told them that Samoa are no exported to the extent ot'£tO,000 annually; and was this trade to be destroyed by these as rivers without an effort to check them ; Were they to be told that a war was raging in New Zealand, and that, consequently, a war vessel could not be spared to go down to the Island to arrest these slavery in their nefarious practices? He thought with such a navy an England potsBS'od a vessel should be found to go down and protect the interests of our ciniDifrco at the Island-., even if no higher motive was found to influence the authorities. He feared that the exasperated natives would take revenge upon the first Europeans that fell into their hands, and that some of our SWD people would be slaughtered, as Williams was at Eiromncga, in revenge for outrages commuted by brutal sandal-wood traders. It would not be the missionaries only that would suffer, but the poor shipwrecked sailors who were cast away upon the islands. What was the power given to England far but to protect the weak and rescue them from the power of the oppressor ? He called upon all who heard him to do their utmost to bring the offenders to justice, and to free the victims of their duplicity. He rejoiced that a public meeting on the subject had been held in Sydney, and he hoped that the burst of indignation from England would be so great, that Peru would be obliged to give up the poor captives, and restore them to their island homes, (Applause.) The resolution was then put and passed. The proceedings terminated with the Doxology and Benediction ; a collection being made at the doors as the auditory separated. 