To the F.ditor of the Yass Courier. gin— Boingnncof the old school, and perhaps some what cynical, I do not at all sympathise in your glorification over the improvements taking place in Cooma- street. In a small piece like Yass, whore everyone knows their neighbours, ami everyone has their particular place of dealing, it does seem a needless expenditure of money and taste to decorate tlie exterior in the manner oar storekeepers are doing. The lew extra shillings gained by exposing a whole shopful of goods on the pavement will hardly compensate for the deterioration in tho appearance of the goods in consequence of such ex posure. Then the tickets. Do they suppose that a steady going old Yassite like myself will purchase a single garment more than 1 otherwise would merely because it is obtruded on my notice at the usual price '. It is all very well for the llrieklield- liill .lews to tout for customers in this style, hut it is decidedly beneath the dignity of a quiet easy coin"' country town like Yass. I f our storekeepers moan to introduce the Sydney system, let them carry it out to its full extent, nnd run out to every passer by, " I say .Tack, don't you want a tarpaulin, don't you want a new hat," Ac. With regard to tho old verandah cottage stores. I for one think tliihn the most comfortable of any ; in this country, in fact, a verandah is almost indispensable to com fort under any circitmstanccs. Your new fashion ed bare- looking balconies keep off' neither sun nor rain, and as connected with stores give a party of easterners no chance of -pausing a. few minulos to discuss their purchase affairs. I think the only real benefit commoted with these improvements you so much admire is that derived by yourself 'from the advertisements by which they nro heralded. There is my friend Howard compelled by the advent of a monster boot bazaar to expend a considerable number of pounds sterling in assert ing equal monstrosity. 1 do not think his outlay will enable li'nn to sell bis boots and shoes any cheaper; neither will the outlay necessary to make known Air. Godfrey's fond wish to accumulate 5000/. in twenty-one days in tho smallest degreo assist in realising the desiderated sum. Mince, however, li new era seems commencing in Yass, it is to he hoped tlmt the new t/aieralion will not rest satisfied with half measures. Let the old stores be abolished, and let I'antoehnethceas, Cos- tnopelions, Emporiums, and such like euphonious titles roign in their stead. Let every man of busi ness emulate tho example of Air. I'oblo, who in a moment (ah ! too short) of inspiration has soared beyond the. trivialities of prose, and invoked the muses in aid of his "shoese.s." I ,ot every storekeeper add to his regular si all' of employes a jmd, whose weekly or bi-weekly effusions may hand down to posterity in deathless song the surpassing excel lence and the unparrelleled cheapness of the goods supplied to tho citizens of Yass. I am, ,te.. » OLD YASS. Yass, IS 111 July, 18G3. P.S. — If my suggestion should be considered worthy of adoption, 1 am willing to place my poetical powers (through tho Courier office) at the disposal of one or all of the four great establish ments of Yass. 1 annex a short specimen, in which you will observe that a couplet is devoted to each. Musing on the mutability of human affairs and the "fast" modes of life inaugurated in this era of improvements, a vision passed before my eyes dim and indistinct, like the ghosts of Banqno. First Ludlow, staid and solemn, led the van ; 'Afid piles of gold, a solitary man. Then Gooll'roy next takes up a strong position, And keeps it, spite of every opposition. (,'ortclli next in boldest type appears ; And his two storey mansion soon uproars. Then last and latest come — Ah ! who is lie ! Look out, old stagers, and beware I). D. OLD YASS. 