THEATRICALS AND MUSIC TIIEATItE ROYAI. The- story of 'Love,' which has been pmyed during the weok, is one that will never grow old. For though conventional obligations per petually imposo tliomsclvea in the o.immon mslness of tho world, to make the course of true lore not only run the rovorse of smooth, but often to terminate in a tea of troubles, whero ?toriuB we, uiwuys occurring , ami inongn It is pretty generally accepted that this tempestuous condition is often unavoidable, it always — on tho stage— gives unmixed satisfaction to see all things coma right at last. For theory and prac tico of mankind arc perpetually In conflict with each other. There never wab an inflexible parent yet, who did not consider the obstinacy of a dramatic inflexible parent very properly punished by tho running away of tho young lady, and tho defiance on tho part of young people generally, of all precepts, mandates, and refusals oi consent. Dramatic authora know this so well that, as a rule, they bring all their love stories to a happy conclusion. Ihcy know that an audience would resent nny injustice dons to a pair of constant lovers with tho most prompt condemnation. Or if, indeed, authors veutnro to allow the «ltimate triumph of n cold propriety over nalurnl instincts, they do it bo as to point more stronely tho evil of its com in? about. For tho joung lady, who Is compelled to marry the man sho docs not llko, cither commits suicide, or dies in a consumption, or runs away with her old lovor, and gives occasion for tho interference of the iJivorco Court ; orsomoother calamity ocaur?, whereby it is shown that in reality it would have been much better to let things take their, own natural enrrcnt. In practice, of ourse, -we know the revorso of all this U tlitr rule. Tho. majoiity i.i pooplo who marry do so from motives other than those which, drama tically, nro supposed to bring them tbgethori Polioy, worldly .wisdom, mutu»l convenience, parental commands, rash promises, and fifty other reasons, are to be sought than that'of lovo. Fortunately, If is not found that tho sum of human unhippinens ia incronsed to tho extent that might, on a firBt eon-_ sidoration of thU ruls, bo supposed. Or,' it may be, that tho coinparativo tranquility of matrimonial existence ia duo to the circuimtanco of pcoplo making tho best of a bad bargain. It 19 a qucallon not entirely unworthy the consider ation of those who lojk upon the world as a complex problem, never entirely to bo worked out, whether moro happiness or mltcry results from conventional restraints operating 'upon marriage contracts. There is, perlups, something to ba fail on cither sido, for it is very certain that lovo matcheg very often . provo unhappy ones. And thus one is apt to spoculato some times' as to what may occur at a period two.or thrcescat.ssubscquont (0 the foil of the curtain ♦ThS1' general improselon is, that the hero and heioino having been restored to caoh other's society, with every prospect of doing well in' tho world, are certain tu enjoy -li possible, happineu to tho rest of their lives,, and that no dumestio misunderstanding- will ever again interpose itself to mar the sweet onjoyment of their exist enco. This belief, howover, is but another pruof that the ideal world behind the footlights bean but a qualified resemblanco to the world acliial. Even the best regulated minds and families bnvo their periods of disturbance, aad thus it' is by inoi means unreasonable tosupposo that tlio countess, or, af ihe subsequently becomes tho duchess, in Knowles's play, has at variotij Iimo3 ot . Iioif jifo occasional differences with her husbind. Fur, both being of a high spirit, nod soinowhat unpllable, tluy would bo not unlikely to enter tain different views on tbo Barao subjeotsomo iiiDc. ?, nt wuniu jnsisr.,1 ana suo woum deny, and then sho would perhaps remind him. of ihls whilom condition, and toll him she had inttdo him what be is. Perhaps Bke would banter him, hall jestingly, about tho.cmprcss and ask him if there JiaJ not really after all boon something between them ; and, perhaps, to spito her, ho ? would Bay, ' '. well, and ! if th«-ro wa3i' or, ' I might have married tlieEmpross if I had liked.' Doubtlesj, these' arcoynical speculations, and, perhacs, it is very lll-naturo'd to' try to dispel the pleasant illusions which are oxperlenoed on witnessing 'Love,' especially as it is now bciog ployed. - But this -kind of -curiosity to pry Into possibilities is not an uncommon propensity, and it , is odd some times how imagination lights upon the truth in this way. A redundancy of bllo fi, perhaps, unfavourable for eomploto digestion, but it promotes wondorlully the' appetite for hard unpalatablo facts, which are unacceptable to a man whose hepatic accretions aro of normal condition. No amount of biliousness, however, could predispose oven the most melancholy person to regard Mrs. Heir's aotlog In this plare otJier.than . with the most unmixed satisfaction. Thore socinod to lack nothing to ensure its coin pletoness. It'was pre-eminently womanly. Hor voice ieoraed softer than its wont, her manner more gentle, her carriage more marked by graca ana dignity. She understood tho character to Its full. She presented an exact picture of what Sheridan1 Knowles intendod. She embodied thei' idea1 ho conceived with all the /ullneas o'f: a possible development. Tho struggle of inatlnct against duty was mirrored with tbo closest resemblance, and this idea was bo carefully kept in vlow all tho way through, that the unity of tho cbaMttcr was preserved with aneffect that told very forcibly upon the audience, whoso denonstrations of ? satisfaction were oortalnly not tinged by any eloment of biliousness. Whatever opinion might have boon formed of tho possible after-life of the duchess and the ennobled serf, the immediate Impression, at any rate, was that they wero tlio pleasantcst couple that one might meet In a long experience, and thus' they pronounced very properly that Mr. , Sullivan's Haou was an admirable Bpeoimen of n great mind- unfairly weighted down by social fetters, aealnst which us Indignant protest constantly exerted Itsolf. The habitual deferenco proper to the serf was, lidwoy.er,,v«y skilfully exbibitod, as if, though aot part of bia nature, yet so fnr ingrained in his moral orgaiiUatioa (hat it seemed to be an almost essential accompanimoat of his actions, cave when a passlonRto ebnaciouanou ', o( his own manliness prompted him, to oast It asidi, . And iis wo take to be one of the most .pointed In'dica Ions of .truly natural acting— namely, to show^ how manner and bearing aro actuated by Im pulses not- In harmony, with »aoh other. There could; ba ..no mistaking that Mr. Sullivan's omeanour 'at various stages of tbo pleoo was designed to.Ishow In practloe what In theory is an undoubted psyohologioal truth : anothor proof, if proof were re/jnlrad, that ho brings to the task of studying' tho characters ho' -roprcsents ? an analytical modoof determining their constituent principles, so as to enable Wm faithfully to iresent, by.tlje txetclio of ils own art, wh»f-hae been constructed by that ? of the dramatist.. - E!« ocatio'nary *? poWera we're ? of oxoellont; aVoll ; iu th? declamation, of those ptoagoi where\V, lib denounces l'ie lnjiistico whib/i seW up arbitrary laTriers.^webn.ra'en, who'aro unequal only becaaae law and custom have made tbera-«n,! It l-t-tmo-that-wbat-latermed ' popular ^jntlroial'' Is alwayatoell received by nh hndloscd; 'JaUt fa none tlio less, apoeptabla. when It ^Mesies tbo additional iccommondatl^u of t-:,ag acooinpanisi by-,' suobjeracei or dlotlon. : ina^SrtSt, of .^.hasli, Mjcau-alone ^$$ffi$faati \ii.n .:?.?; ??/ ..c;' .; : .a ;: ,:it'.V,i/.'j .:);j ? »i poetry of iaugunge, and make them infloenco fo tboir full extent the mind ol tho llitoncr. 01 tha subordinate persons of tho drama, they are eo entirely aooostory to the ono single purpose of tbe play, that they have bat a. limited oppor tunity of making an impression on their own aocoant. Tho undorplot is of the sllghest. possiblo doscription, and consists simply of somo passages between two individuals, who, if thejr liad~notsovorally been represented by MlaB'ltou 'Dunn' and Mr. Ireland, might havo beenvory: 'flat, and- Insipid. But Miss Dunn's pleasant 'archness of m»nnor is a condiment whloh would make/any part palatable; and Air, Ireland's -frank, Unforced, and gentlemanly bearing is not less calculated co oreaie an interest, 11 oven Intrinsically it did not exist in tbe part, or wni found at least rudimcnUtily. Ur. Uarwood's senility and vencrablencss woro very consistent with the character of tho Duke, nnd Mrs. Chap man wis less ineffective than ordinary as tho Empress. Tho preparation' of tho piccV had been conducted with a m.rked referenco to its requirements, and the scebety, if it had not boon. painted expressly for, this production, wps appropriate^ illustrative of cpoolial and local characteristics Its popularity durlog tbe Week has been continuous, and it can hardly happen but that ' Lovo 'iwill bo regarded for tho future 'more certainly 'as 'one' of the stock resources of this establishment. As an aftorpicce, we havo had tbe old farco of ' The Turnpike Goto.' Tho momory of. association possibly still keeps pieces of this class i upon tlio stags. The characters arc identified with names that aro traditional, and they please old theatre-goers if thoy do not greatly delight thoso who aro accustomed .to more pointed and moro smartly written pieces of the same class. For really there is nothing in tho ?' Turnpiko Gate.' With two ' snch excellent actors in it as Mr. Lambert and Mr.- Charles Young, to say nothing of that smart, coquetllsh, and dainty little personage, Miss Kirl, it could not help but amuse, howoyer dull, on Its own account, it might be. Nevcr tholoss, it ;ls out of date vapid, nnd effete, and will shortly become a literary curiosity, intorest ing less to tbe patrons of a theatro than to antiquarians or aiclireologisls. To-night there is to bo something greatly boyond the ordinary. ' Tbo Merchant of Venice' is 10 bo produood on a scale of completeness extolling any previons presentation during the present management. There Is plenty of opportunity for scenio display in Buck aploco.and Its success may be forecast with tolerable certainty. nOYAIi IKAYKtAItKET. i Mr. Coppin commenced, last Saturday/ his thirteen nights' engagement. Uo hai appoared in several of his well-known parts, and in that of Peckover, lots known, in Torn Taylor's comedy of ' The Contested Election.' Tha arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, which w«b announced last Wednesday, indloates n now era at this theatre. There is to bo an interregnum at tho termination of Mr. Coppin's engogemsnt, and the theatre Is to undergo such necessary renovation as may render it fit for tho rocoption of tho distinguished individuals who aro to.grnco its boards. ; FJRXlf OESS inEAXBE. Tbo charm of variety , is to bo found hore, If even thore wore nothing olso to attract Thore is novelty enough to make any theatre popular, and . tho latest is tbe littlo burlcsquo, of ten minute:' duration,, entitled ' Tho Slave, the Tyrant, tbo Victim, and tbo.Tar^,' .jtiis :tho. rarest of absurdities. It compresses into tho smallest possiblo compass tbe leading extrava gances of sonoitlon dramas. There is tho jolly . tar with tho traditional trowsers, tho inevitable cuuas, ana wmte wip, exclaiming, in voico sten torian, ' Who'6 afraid,' and remarking pointedly upon the possibility of ;' snlicinR his quarter deck.' Comes to him Uncle Tom, from nowhere, for no purpose, and without any ostensible mis sion save playing tha bonos. Thifl inconsequent business is so charmingly liko what Is found in many really serious dramas, that tbo author of the piece bns earned for himself tbo ri^lit to be o«)nsiaered'n'le»dlrig satirist of tlio time. His namo is unknown, but his greatness is nono tbo less undoservod. Undo Tom inquires if he is not 'a man and a brother,' and the tar is presumed to tuiuk in the affirmative, although ho does not so reply. His sympathies, however, nro manl estly . enlisted, for ho exolaims pathetically, 'Sluice my top-gallant boom, if ho docs not iring the salt water into my eyes.' He deolaroB that Undo Tom reminds him of his mother, and encourages that amiable individual to cheer up, nliectionatoly designating .hire 'an old sea turnip.' Wbcroupon tbo gentleman of sable exterior plajs the bonoc wildly, and proposes a conundrum after the manner of Ethiopians. Tho most perfect confidence- is established between tho tjtr and tbe slavo; ? and . the latter chants Bnatcb.es of well known melodies, which affect thij mariner in a pp werf ul , m'dnnor ; after which, exeunt. . Sext oomes on. Eliza, struggling with Legrco, who prefers bis suit alternately threaten -ing-end-eoaxingy-but whose ears aie boxed by the young lady with propor spirit and determi nation. .She, however, is on the point .of being consigned to terrible : punishment by tho 'myrmidons' of Mr. Legree, when tho return of TJnclo Tom from nowhere in particular, averts' (or ft time, tho impending doo-n of. tho devoted quadroon. Uncle Tom, however, ? fails to impress Mr. Loureo with tho valuo of inter cessions drxd-vlllnny is on tlie point of btiDg triumphant ''when tho tnr returns, fights the whole band of assallan Is single-handod, and ii, 01 oourao, victorions: w hereupon the conquered take ' ho&ders;' into the water, and become food for fishos, .Eliza and tbo tar are united, and Undo Tom plays bones rapturously, and Indulges in more conundrums. Tho whole piece ib over in ten minutes. Tho first night of tbe peiform ance, the audience, to whom it was quito new, did not uudoratand it. They cecmod to regard it as a tort ot practical joke upon themselves, ratbor than a oloser burlecquo upon all sorts of son sitional plays and all sorts of sensational authors. But they comprehended it much hotter after they had seen It once or twice, and now thoy are lather enthusiastic about it, Thor-i are sevora! more pieces published of the sanio class, and no doubt Mr. Fawcelt will give inoro of this kind of refection. It seems thore have been somo special performances ak the Sydonham Crystal Falaco, In aid Of sovoml bonovolent institutions, and some bappy iellows have hit upon thoee amusing little pieces, as being somewhat of. a new idea; and in this day, when gennine novelty Is so rare, notwithstanding the constant craving for it, a happy thought of this kind is not unlikely to havo considerable buccosj. For private per formances i they should bo in great demand, although somo of them' requiro n good doal of wonio accompaniment. Bulwer's ' Last Days of Pompeii,' like many other novels by groat authors, does not dramatise woU: and although tho version that bas been playing; during tho wook at this theatre is full of spectacular effects and strong situations, it doee not greatly impress ono. The porsons and the clrouinstancos are too romoto to evoke much sympathy. Events long passod away do not. generally bear, well to bo troatod melodramatically. They requiro rather tho statuesque dignity and measured language of tho classic drama, them the familiar dialogue 'which appertain;* to the sensational play. Nevertheless, all .things coniidejcd, the pleoo waB gUran with a very fair'amount of completeness, uiiu wo inutua uqu geuweiueu.conoernca in its production wero earnest in their endeavours to frlva all possible reason for success. Tliotimo and expenditure necessary to bring out a piece of this description, with all . the necessary accom paniments properly belonging to' it, are Blmply Impossible of employment la. this colony. 1 A threo months' run might encourage a manager to devote *a lifilo fortuno to tho preparation of a pieoo.but as poplay^eyeryfit ran three months, or-two inontb», In' Vfptprla-.iit would bo a ploco of reokless- expenditure : that YCommlasionor Kool would severely contemn,- \if ~j any theatrical entrepreneur. iavtilii^ *'Us.rcapUal. In' any suoh lnoonBldej;a.to a^mannet..' We' mDBt,- for. many years,, content ourselves, with, such comparative exoellonco In the rafitter'of ?' getting up' as our imlte'd population justifies; nnd, perhaps, by the ond of , the present century, wo may be abls « tell out grand-chlldron how much better off In this respect they are, than are we at this com paratively parly, stage of our national dovolop ment., Tornlgut there Is to bo an entirely now burlesque' of a local charnctoo.by.Mr. JF»wcett :. . and great preparations havo been undo to impart all tho'linUh neceisary to ensure Us succots. '. ' 1 . r - pnovxnrqiAK. BALLAiriAT.— Tho Campbell Minstrels hove drawn very, fair houses, at tbo floyal. Tho abi« ditiea ol l'aul Maxay continue to make tbo audience laugh, whetber so inclined or not. I ? BrNniao.— Tbe new diamatic season coin tneuoea last Monday, under lh» renewed manatoi inent. of Messrs. Cox and Varloy, on which occaJlcn Frauleln Fannie' and the Xoopftid Iirotbers appeared.- The plocea ohosen for' iho opeulng were 'Mary yrico' ant' the iullet of !' Halloween.'1 . TU-lioo.se was well attonded, and th« audience Recorded 8 heart ,t welcomo to each member of lbs corapnoy. On ff'ednea-Jay ' n original piece by Mr, Cox, entitled '- Jleatt'a irlal*,'wos produoed. 'As a literary :produflt|on jlfosawej «ome!o;e-/t.-tJia plot being devoid' of aow unnatural strainings ior effect, w oimnjon 0 iho senBatlonalvdrainag of tbe present daV, 'his:docs' not,, however, prevent iti Ictorost belugmainUlned throughout the pleo:, Mr Cox was called bofor.* tho «.urtoIa,'*t,Vao termination of the last , three; »ot»; Wlf-Judglng from ? tbo ; ?nthosUenj manifesled/'ae,]^ xilali' promises oeiiloyarna. The « Spaniih Dan«r.'cancltt-!4 th* perfyrmanoes, and wo may incidentally mention that both the drama and tho ballot woro oxtremely well mounted; . CASTtBatAlME — The Sandhurst Star Com pany brought their season to a closo 'at tho Royal,' on Saturday last. Mr. Merlin announcod his wondorful spootra Illusions for four nightfl, commoncinK.Qn-WeoTuosdayJast. ------ DAVlEsi'OnD.— Madaino Darct, Mr, Loroy, attd company havo boenjlaylng in molodramas, during tho week, at tho Royal. , AnstAin'E.— (From tho | Telegraph, 15th September.)— 'Tho Wifo's Scoret' will bo ro peatdd to night.'! Last night tho porlormauces .comprised tbo -' Lady of Lyons' and ' Tho Taming of tho Shrew.' Wo observe with plensaro that tho. management of tha tbeatro have effectod an engagement with Miss Joey Qougenboim, who Is announced to maito ner first appasranoo at tho Victoria next Monday evening. ' Wo' sincerely trust that bcr'aiiftspfd mont will more than compensite tbo entorprising lessee of tho thoatro for nny lossos ho may havo sustained during Mr. Dillon's citreor in Adolaida. Si'DNEr.— (From tlia Herald.)— On Saturday ovening, 12th Septombor, Mr. Josoph Jcfl'orsoh, the celobratod American comedUn, commenced a professional engagement of twenty- four .nights only, nt the Prince' of Waloi TJioatro. There was a very numero'iB nudienco, tho body of the liouoo being densely crowded with epcototorf. The princip-vl picoo performed was the picturesque legendary drama Df.RipV»n Winkle, in which Mr. Jefferson impersonated the old Dutch ?Patriarch of tho Catskill Mountains,— a char acter this accomplished actor has made poculUrly his own. Mr. Jefferson (who met with avoir gratifying reception at his ontranco) was wofl supported in Iho cast,— Mr. Prodcriok Youngo playing Knickerbocker,- Miss A. M. Quinri (a very pleasing actress) appcarlcg as Alloe, Mrs. CroBby as Dame Van Winklo, ifr: Daniels .as Both, Miss Corooran m Rowona, etc. Tho acting of Mr. Jefferson in, this, , his greatest part, deserves ' all that can be said In Its iavonr ; especially In tho- third act, where tbe pathetlo and tbo ludicrous are so strangely blrnded together. Tho trial scene was a'so very cloverly rendered. Mr. Jefforeoh waa called tioforc the curtain at the end of each act : and on tho con clusion of tho performance he thanked the audlenoo for tbo gratifying reception given him on his second appearance. Tho first English audience ho appeared before was that of Sydney, and he was proud to Bay that tlie seal thoy had then set upon his ability had been accepted in other colonies. Ihe quaBi-marvellous incident! of the Ghost Chamber woro presented as a finale. Mr. liecves's new. tragedy, ' Raymond, Lord of Milan,' was produced at tho Victoria Thoatro on ?Monday evening, 14th SeptemborJ and pro nounced to. bo an unqualifUd success.' 'A voiy Urge audlcnco assembled on the occisiou, and testified their cordial approbation throughout tho pioco by frequent rounds of applausoa The character of tho Prince of Milan was sustained with 'remarkable dignity and powor by Mr. H. N. Warner, who showed eo gratid n bohcoption ol the p»rt that it evidently promises fairly to becomo ono of his greatest impersona tions. Judging from the printed version of the play, tho pruning knife scorns to have bcon pretty freely used in tho adaptation of this tragedy — in somo Instances with ndvnntago, In others to tho rovorse. The part of Mary Da Romana was beautifully rendered by Mrs. Charlos Poolo, whilst that of her husband Ezzolin waa well filled by Mr. Burford. The Salerno of Mr. Apploton, tbe Julio Sforza of Mr. West, the Ambroso of Mr. Murgravo, and tbo Phillip of Mr. Selwyn, and tho Cardinal Legato of Mr. Wa'gli, were also highly creditable performances. The excommunication scene, the scene between Raymond ond the Countess, that between EzzeUn and his wife, and tho closing inoldcnts of the play, wore all very finely represented. Several of tho scenes aro new and appropriate, reflecting much credit upon tho sceuio artists, McBsrs. Burbury and Habbo ; and the dresses aro, for tha most part, historically correct. Several admirable tableaux aro presented in the oourso of tho piece, the arrangement . of which reflects muoh orodit upon tho enter prise of the management. As a matter of opinion, however, it was genorally thought the presence of tho young ladies in whlto might havo bcon dUpcnsud with in tlio funeral procession in tho last scene, where tho liveliness of ono of them did not altogether harraonlso with the nature of her dramatic situation. Tho sumo sort of thing las been noticed as one of the few drawbacks in Iho way that tie 'Casllo Spcctro' has beon pre sontojatthls theatro. Tho dirge at the funeral of tho Countess was obligingly eung by several personal friends of tho author— members of tho Orpbconlst Soolety. Mr. Wnrnor was call*! bororo tho curtain at tbo cIobo of the first act, cad again, nt tho fall of the curtain. A similar compliment was paid to Mr. Burford and to the author. - ???..? lttK§OKX,XA.l«Korr8: Inqlewooj). — Burton's National Circus was woU filled, on Monday and Tuesday last, and an extra night was announcod for Wednesday, fcr the benefit of the Hospital, whew tho-cifous wis1 again orowded. Notwithstanding dull times, the proprietors of the establishment appear to command success- ? 