i THE WORKING MINERS AND THE . NELSON COMPANY. j, , -r p THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As you have stooped to notice the litigation now going on in Ballarat, and more especially the suit pending between the Work- ing Miners and Nelson Company, and under; the Ballarat Star of April 1 treating the case with an air of indifference, as though it were > mere nothing that the Nelson Company should be deprived of ground which has had in their undisputed possession for seven years, I will endeavour briefly to state the facts of the case, and it will be seen the Working Miners have never set up any claim to tas f round until within the last three months, in their own plan of the different claims they point out the piece now appliedforby thom n , the Nelson Company ground, thereby dearly ing thepublic. The Working Miners- or, as they are better known by the cognomen of greatly miners-have since the year 1856 dissolve their company once, to shake off the sleeping r men, and take advantage of a new bye-law to increase the size of their claim from 66ft. to 128ft, thereby ousting the company known as the Evening Star Company. The merits of ' this case are too well known toneed comment. Suffice it to say, as the miners term it, they done them out of it. This new company, at they must be considered, upon retaking up the ground commenced the claim at the boundary laid down in 1856; but fearing lest the Nelson Company should not be sufficiently secured, they requested the surveyor to define the southern boundary of the said company, as well as the east and west, as under this bye-law there was clause to prevent a change of parallels. This new arrangement, although not strictly in accordance with the then existing bye-law. under which the ground was to be an indefinite width; however, as in all cases it is more satisfactory to know fch a quantity of ground allowed in each direction, the Nelson Company so far consented to this southern boundary as not in any way to object, feeling that equity demanded their sanc- tion. The old adage of " give an inch and take an ell" shows itself here, for now this grasping company have applied to have the southern boundary changed, also the western. and to be put in possession of all the ground lying south and south-west of Nelson Company's shaft, on the plea that the Nelson Company have had their quantity of ground, being 648ft., measured among the gutter with all its sinuosities. The Nelson Company have two shafts: one is not bottomed, as they found it too expensive to sink two shafts, and getting no gold, but should the Working; Miners do the Nelson Company out of this ground, they will be enabled to put an engine on the Nelson Company's shaft, sink it a little deeper, as it will be in the ground they are applying for. If the Nelson Company had sunk this shaft they would have been encroaching when they bottomed ; as it is, the one they did bottom, and are now working from, is on the boundary set up by the Working Miners. They have, after due consideration, allowed 10,1 for securing the shaft. In the year 1861, and under Bye-law 12, the Nelson Company endeavoured to secure the ground held by the a under a new title, by taking up a block clad in, which gives a title to all the gold coast , tained in it, and forthwith set about marines; off the ground, regarding the original boundary as laid down in 1850, and again at the suggestion of the Working Miners in 1859. I the Working Miners thought or set up an title to this ground, one would have suppose I this to be a favourable opportunity ; but, is far from objecting, they in a few days after . took up a block claim themselves, and have since taken up another, always regarding the original boundaries. Why, Sir, two of the very men who were in the Nelson Company - when this claim was taken up, and one who actually marked it off, he is now applying to be put in possession of the very ground as a member of the Working Miners' Company, having since then bought in the Working; Miners' Company. I might go on to a great length, but suffice it to say that in 1862 the Nelson Company, having the registration of the block claim in one office and the frontage in another, found it desirable t take advantage of Bye-law 14 to consolida- . the claims. Accordingly they re-marked o of the ground by new posts, still regarding the. original boundary. They applied in due form, no one objected, and so far from the Working Miners objecting, that they commenced their retaking up within a few days after, and regarded the original boundaries. After all this, they by one fell swoop clear all away just as in a pantomime, and up come the ghost of the regulations of 1850, and a frightful looking object he is too. The warden recognized him at once, and he is no r stalking about Ballarat, striking terror to the hearts of the people. I trust some measures may be taken to cast into oblivion the : monster. The sequel of this new arrangement is, that the Working Miners have struck the gutter close by their shaft, and because it is not very rich, and the ground held by the Nelson Company is the Working Miners, elated by the success they met with in ousting their sleeping shareholders, and the Evening Star Company in the year 1859, thereby securing with fifty-seven men the ground previously held by 250, they now try to get possession of and oust the Nelson Company. It is recorded that in Eastern countries, where monkeys are troublesome, a cocoanut shell is made fast to a tree, a hole inserted large enough to admit the paw, then QUel with rice. In the night joke comes, dive deep, fills his paw with rice, but out it will not come ! rather than lose a grain, he remains grinning and looking very force until caught j but then how foolish he looks. Hoping this may act as a warning to all greedy persons or companies, I remain AN UNFORTUNATE DIGGER. April 2. I 'shall-. ', B SAD AccIDENT. Mr. Stodart, of Cobb an i Co.'s office, in this town, was on Sunday playing with his daughter (aged eleven years) in the garden. The girl had a cat in her arms, when her father, taking up a gun that ought to have been empty, said he would shoot the cat. The D, which was unfortunately loaded, went off, and the contents entered the arm of his daughter, causing a fearful injury. Dr. M'Gratn'sow the sufferer immediately, an, shortly after Dr. Nicoll was called in. Both gentlemen pronounced it impossible to save the arm. Amputation was in consequence performed yesterday morning. The poor girl is progressing favourably. Mount Alexander Mail, April 7. ME. RionAjiD GREEN, We have to, an r. ounce the death of Mr. Richard Green the well known and eminent shipowner, of Black ' wall, which took place on January 17. The deceased gentleman had been ailing som J time, and in order that he might be nearer at hand for his physicians few weeks agent was removed to his sister's residence in Re sents park. In the early part of last week his illness assumed a more serious aspect, and it was evident that he was fast sinking. He gradually became more exhausted, and died an before stated. He was in his fifty-ninth, year; and, in connexion with his younger brother, owned the magnificent fleet of ships upwards of thirty which for so many years have traded between the Thames and the East Indian and Australian ports. He was also an extensive shipbuilder, and had constructed numerous steam frigates and other vessels for the English. Russian, Spar iah, Portuguese, and Brazilian navies. In Jim the Merchant Seamen's Orphan Asylum, the Dreadnought Hospital Ship, and other charities connected with the mercantile as fine, as also those in the east end of the metropolis, have lost a staunch friend. H : contributed towards the maintenance of the chapel and Green's Sailors' Home In th . East India-road, originated by his father, and he also established a free school for children without regard to any particular creed. By his benevolence the Poplar Hospital WAS enabled to extend its usefulness and to TI leave a large amount of suffering humanity. He took a most lively interest in the success of the Merchant Seamen's Orphan Asylum a, of which he was treasurer, and subscribed a ] munificent sum to the fund for erecting the) building at Snaresbrook, the foundation-stone. of which was laid by the late Prince Consort. He took a prominent part in promoting the organization of the Naval Reserve, and we believe that most of the officers and crew.? of the firm belong to that branch of the nation's service. He was also chairman of the recently established training school on board the Worcester ship in the Thames. Although not of very strong health, he was active in his business habits, and, attended by his manager, Mr. Self, he would often vi hit his ships in the adjacent docktwicoin th) < course of the day. On the news of his death reaching Poplar, the shipping in the docks had their colours hoisted half-mast high, and the shops were partially closed, the bills of the churches and chapels being tolled during the remainder of the day. The deceased gentleman was never married The London branch of the Naval Reserve have expressed a desire to follow the remains of their late patron to the tomb. Amongst the many ' races held by the late Mr. Green was the 11 --I of wire t'otiiinmlore of the Royal The to ?- 1 i mid r sub -J on In Pap r. 