[ ' TEE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. I -Tua following notifications appear in yesterday's ' CovernmtrU Gazette ,- ' ArronfTirFKT.-Mr. Peter White his been ap- pointed agent for the sale of Crown lands at Qaein bi yan. Acoeptbd Tranzas.-The following tendera have been accepted by tto Government:-Mr. James A. M'Gorrv, tor the execution of certain works oa the Great Southern Hoad, lit dUtrict, contract* Kos. 11-63 tnd 12-68 ¡ Mr. Philip Adams, for the execu- tion of cortiin works on the Great Southern Hoad, 4th district, contract No 7; Meaua. Smith and Banks, for contract No. 8. Sessions, Stdnet.-A Court of General Sewfons of the Peace in and for the colony of New South Wales, will be holden at tbo Criminal Court-home, Sydney, on Monday, the 18ih instant. Conoxht.-Last evening a private smatour concert in connection with the OrphoonUt Society wns givea at the rooms in Stanley-street The a-tendance wis full, and much satiffaouon was evinced at the manner in which tbe young executants acquitted themselves, The programme connoted mainly of incidental pieces from Benedlct'e lyrical legend " Undine," from which some of the choicest morceaux were colled. The second port embraced selection! from Norma, Trova. fere, Pigaro, the Lily of Killarney, as well as some favourite pieces of a less classical character. Air. D. Callen was condnetor and accompanyist. The enter- tainment sa a whole was of a highly p1 casing nature, and the mode in which some of the amateurs per- formed the vocal ports reflected much credit upon them and their instructors. i Rotax VioroniA Tubatbb.-Too character ofj Hamlet, ss conceived by Mr. Charles Dillon, in tro I ducts the colonial public for the first time to those, | emendations in the text which have tended, in the hands of Mncready, Phelps, and others great acton, to iemove much of the ambiguity and contradiction which previously ewhr<-udcd many beautiful points and passages in that extraordinary composition. It « as welt on tbe part of tho management that (hoy de- layed the representation, till such tune as they wero . prepared to give full effect to iheaalientfeàtur,aof the " tragedy, which, it is only justicato say, was never before produced in so complete a manner in this olty 'Notonly is the greatest care taken in apportioning tho cut to the collective and individual ability i ot the company, but the great and essential | support of appropiiate scenery and coi turnes is very judiciously ensured. Hence I the perfect manner in which tho piece as a whole was produced, apart from the rendición of the chief eba racter, which, as we bave already sa:d, was performed ia a manner pleasingly novel to the audience. The ! majority of Mr. Dillon's predecessors, though perhaps possessing equal advantages in voice and person, have cirtalnly never displayed the same power of elucida- tion, if wo may mo the phrase, for, by his reading, new beauties in the text are brought out, and whole sentence*, long buriedin masses of meaningless words, are made clear and lucid ; while at the some ti-ne the , thread of philosophy, which runs like a golden cord through the part, Is preserved in all its . force and purity. .Hearing Mr. Dillon atten 1 üvcJv. vou aro at m.» :~,»ta»ea wita tho I i"!áv,ia«*V--navootfureyou the Hamlet of Shaks pesrp, and ftel at the some tune that the chara j ter is in his case what Othello was to Brooke-Iii« chief ¡study and masterpiece. It is imponible, moreovtr, 'io ignore the propriety of many radical alterations, or rather'we should siy the new readiog, hich ho introduces. Ia the interview with Horatio on .the, platform, where the la'ter eulogises the character of the dead monarch by the words " He wa» in truth. \ goodly king," Mr. Dillon depsrlB entirely from tie ordinary reading« and responds in the true meaning of Shakspesre-"Horatio, be was a man.' Tako him for all in all, I shall not, ¿to." Previous performers have invariably run the acate nee' on without, this emphwlf, tho correctness , of which is provrd clearly ia a subsequent scene (che closet), where the author makes Hamlet Bum up the' noble and excellent attributed of bia father by declar- ing that he pOBscised " a countenance wheroou every god did seem to set his seal to giv/o the world assur- ance of a man !", In the scenes with Ophelia (Mrs. Dillon), too, thrre were several minor departures from the common rendctine of the text, which added force and effect to the play, while, in'the more emotional pliaees of this part of the tragedy, the fine elocution of ihe actor enabltdhimmosteompiete'y to subdue his audience. The play scene was rendered with great effect; the burst of agonising enthusiasm which, on the sudden exit of the guilty monarch, burst from his anxious bosom, is portrayed with real fidelity to nature, and the challenge " Whet, frighted with f«Ue Ara I" ronounced in a loud animated manner, contrasts nely with the sorrowful tono in which, rushing to-' words Horatio, he exclaims, " Then let the itrieken deer go weep, The hart angolaed play For Mme most watch while wmc mut sleep. Thoa mai tho world away." In the graveyard scene, again, wc have a new rendi- tion of the beautiful lines commencing."Imperious Cícíbj dead, and turned to clay." This and the suc- ceeding lino aro read in a serious meditative mmaer, and after a brief pause, tho voice and manner are changed, and the succeeding couplet "0, thet the man which kopi the world in awe Should patch a broach to expel tho winter*.. Saw." ore given in half-jocular, half-sorrowful strain, which conveys a whole lectoro on the littleness and muta- bility of man. In a notice like the present it would be impossible to convey an adequate idea of the per- fect and finished manner in which Mr. Dillon plays thepait; tufSec it to ray that ho has made the public' familiar with the real idea of the poet-author, and his . representation must undoubtedly stand in a foremost place amongst those histrionic triumphs which have r aided to make the works of Shakipeue Immortal By the aid of proper machinery, the entties and exits of the ghost were made very effective, the figure disap- pearing not palpably and suddenly, but gradually fading from the eyes of the spectators into a sort of mitty nothingness. It is but right to add that Mr. Dillon has the advantage of a htrong compaay, tho' charcott!* in the, cost being very judiciously appor-1 tioncd. Mia. Poole a* Gertrude, Mr. Bury osl^acrtes, Mr. Burford as Claudius, Mr. Howard oa Polonia*, and Mrs Jones as the player Qnoen severally- didi good seivice m their careful rendering of thoie several parts ; while Mr. Warner, as the Ghost, only needs, to drop a sort of drawling to make that part {which suits' his voice and figure admirably) di*play the many' beauties which it encompasses. , A word of praise is also due to the scenic artista of the establishment The state-rooms of the King, the castle ramparts by moon-, light, the churchysrd, and the final scene in the palace boll, are creditable in the highest degree, and add in no Small measure to the success of the production. The theatre last night was>rowded to excess, and, no doubt, at each succeeding representation the like will' be the case. The applause- was genuine and well' deserved. .-* Stdnxt Ikpjumaay.-Beport for the Month ending. 30th April, 1863 t Cesta-Men, lost report, 137; ad-1 milted, 77 ; discharged, 66 ; died, 8 ; remaining at this date, 140. Women, lut report, 4-7; admitted, 28; discharged, 44 ; died, 2 ; remaining at this date». 29. Children, last report, 12; admitted, 3; discharged, 2 ; died, nil ;. remaining at this date, 13. Total, last re- port, 150; admitted, IOS; dischsrgtd, 112; died. 10; remaining at this date, 182. Remarks : 16 accidents and urgent esses. RoflKKAMTTON: NOMTNAXIOX rOHTBE J?OUT CcETIS Elsctouatb.-On the 27th ultimo-the day appointed' for nominating a candidate to represent the electorato of Poit Curtis in Parliament, rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr. A. Sandemon-four candidates were proposed, viz Mestrs. Pyfe, Pitzsimmons, Douglass, and Walsh. The show of hands being in favour of Mr. F j fe, a poll was demanded by Mr. Douglass-the ballotting being appointed to take place on the 12th Tub lats Acoidbst on tub Tkauwat.-An in- quest on the body-of the child, named Thomas . M'Gowan, was commenced by the city coroner in his , omeo yesterday, and adjourned to to-day for further evidence. GabÍijíbh amd OiIiBbiit.-The Burrangong Star of Saturday understands that these notorious bash rangers, In oompanywith John O'Meallyand Lowry, .tuck up, on the. 21st ultimo, a store belonging to Mr. Barnes, at' a small village about forty miles from .Burrangong, on the Wagga Wogga road," and robbod it of abon't £K)0 worth of goods. . They had pack horses with them, whion they loaded with the «toten, property,. ' Al} of them were well armed and.mouuted, ' Gardiner especially! : who had a ' splendid nona. Gilbert ¿ave one of the pieces of stolen' print to k ¡'woman he knew, and who begged it from him, bat returned it immediately afterwards te the stûcekeepee. Some hats were found on the road belonging to Mr.. Barnes, auopoaed to have been thrown awayortha tumoxB, which wtre brought back to the atore. Thx> hushrahgen got away unmolested with' their booty. There is no doubt that r Gardiner waa ona of tho robbers, as more than ona recognised him. I ' Tux cargo oí 8n¿ars ex Hutobtrtdt, Ant teas ex Star of Ere. ÍTcnah Gratarle«, Vrolts, éW-ÜcsK». W. Deu, ud Co, request oa to direct capeolal MUmÜ>jn to their Terr extaoslTO auouoa salea as above this day, oonuaanclu at quarter to It o'elnak. For poiÜÖl*OT»Wldfern^p^ ^^ , ^ I 