Our Open Column. MY SECOND VISIT TO THE HOUSE. TO THE EDITOR OF "THE WEEKLY TIMES." MR. EDITOR,—On my seating myself for the second time in the gallery of the House, I found things so very quiet that had it not been for the brilliancy of the light, I should almost have thought myself in one of the silent chambers of the Pyramids. But few members were present and those were speaking in so low a tone as not to be heard; so I asked my friend to explain some of the remarkable things about the chamber. " You see then" he said "that beautiful picture hanging on the wall, that is the portrait of the first native who over this House" " I thought" I answered " the Natives were dark people with curly hair." "Oh I do not mean them; they are the first Natives, they have long since disappeared, they were subjugated, hunted down, annihilated! shades of Toussaiant and can we wonder that this people sympathise with the South in their endeavours to build up Empire on the blood and bones of the enslaved negro! alas! for he destined sons of Ham." " You see he continued "that elderly gentleman in front out side the tar dressed so strangely with a sword by his side and reminding us of one of the figures seen at the London Lord Mayor's show, that is the sergeant at arms, he is there to keep order, and to prevent matters going too far in case of a stand up fight." " A stand up fight?" I exclaimed. "Well you know sometimes Hon. Members just have a shape. We live in an age of progress, cock fighting and bull baiting have given peace to the more manly science of self defence. England has her Tom Sayers, America her Jack Heenan and we too must have our hero. " Look below and"—but now, the voices of, members were heard, loudly, and angrily do they rise. A debate had commenced and had become warm. Should clergymen come under the Carriage Tax ? The Colonial Treasurer would allow to a minister, free of duty a carriage with two wheels drawn by one horse only. An Hon. Member declared this to be a monstrous provision. Not allow a minister to drive a carriage and pair. It was a gross violation of their long established privileges, the House had degenerated, had become irreligious. Advantage was being taken of the absence of their beloved Bishop. Another Hon. Member would oppose with all his might The clergy were the worse paid class in the world, they could but barely subsist and were they to be compelled to walk their rounds in visiting the poor of their flock ? The poor creatures would go neglected they could never be visited. Another honorable was resolved to fight against it to the last man. The clergy were extremely poor, were so reduced by starvation as to be mere walking ghosts. Skeletons, shadows, not allow them a coach and pair ! The Treasurer was firm. Seventeen thousand pounds he said were drawn by these gentlemen from the public chest, and should they not contribute a little to the taxes? The man who can afford his coach and pair must pay. No, no, no uproar hisses and groans followed this statement, while six members sprang on their feet at once to retaliate. Hold! exclaimed the Attorney General we will make further concessions. "Four wheels with one horse," (hear haer, cheers, bravo and that will do) and so the debate closed. One horse to draw a four-wheel I whispered, O for a Martin. " But" said my companion " the animal will not be over worked these parsons you know are fleshless—Martin himself could not complain. To be serious however are these gentlemen who receive state pay really so bad of ? I think not, indeed judging from their appearance they do not seem to be deficient in those things which Byron would call ' life comforts' nor do they lack a cecoming suit of black. A poor clergyman driving his carriage and pair! the sight would be worth seeing. To such an one I would say, Friend instead of fattening my horses with corn feed thy children with bread. The money thou payest to thy groom hand over to a tailor, and as none are so healthy as those who ex- ercise their limbs walk and save thy doctor's bill: Follow the example of those woethies of old who while they acquitted themselves nobly neither rode in fine coaches nor went hat in hand begging of the state." That Ecclesiastical Functionaries should be respectably supported, no thoughtful man will deny, for tho' his calling be such as demands from him if need be self sacrifice, looking for his reward hereafter. Still, like ourselves he has a mortal body to sustain and a family to provide for, all labor should be remunerated according to its marketable value, and the work of a minister, looking at it in a pecuniary point is not inferior to that of a lawyer, or a man of physic, the cost of educating young gentlemen for these professions being about the same. And indeed does he not get paid well ? I think as a rule he does. It is not every barrister who is rich, some there are who get a princely income while others can boast but of little most depends on their talent and energy. The same law applys to the Physician and tho Clergyman. A talented preacher will be appreciated, and soon a field will open to him for improving his condition if he chooses to embrace it, if he does not, if he prefers suffering himself to his flock feeling his absence, why then, how- ever praiseworthy his choice still the account is with himself. As to the privileges claimed by the clergy, more another time." Yours sincerely MECHANIC. 