€\\)i Cnrnuinll Cljrattidc, COMMERCIAL, AGRICULTURAL, NAVAL, & MILITARY REGISTER. Let It Tin Im|)rc!sal upon TM* inludJ— let It bo In ntlllal Inla your clilldreu.tlinl run Lidektv ok tiir Pbkss Is the |-alliuilum or all Ihe olvll, political, ana religious lights of in EiwlKliioaD.— Jonius. LiBKBTr iritli danger U to lie preferred to sliver}' wllli security. — Sallost. Wkdnesdav, FEnnuABV 18, 1803. THE ENGLISH AND FOREIGN NEWS. The great event of the present week is the arrival of important news from England, up to the fltli ultimo. Fore most amongst this, is the announcement thnt Prince Alfred will soon visit Her Mnjosty's vast possessions in this hem isphere. It is difficult to lully estimate the value to these Colonies of the honor of a visit from nn English Prince ; ac companied as ho will be, by some of England's most illustrious men. It will draw the tie between the Australian Colonies, if possible, closer than it even now is, and in' no pnrtof Her Majesty's dominions are her people more truly loyal. It will tend to make a visit to the Antipodes as fashionable amongst the noble and wealthy classes in Europe, as a tour in Italy or a visit to tuo Pyramids has hitherto been. It will serve to concentrate upon the Austra lias, as the visit of the Prince of Wales did on Canada, the eyos and thoughts of Great Uritain and a large portion of Europe. It will do much to induce the employment of larger nmounts of British* capital in these Colonies, and its immediate local effect will be to give an impetus to every branch of trade end industry. The detention of the Mail beyond the time it was due, has been satisfactorily es plained. It was not despatched until the 2!tth December, in order to give time to die public to reply, after the receipt of the damaged Colombo por tion of the moil, wluch only reached London on the 20th. Her Majesty seems to have, to some extent, recovered from the heavy grief which weighed her down since the death of the Prince Consort, and lias given her commands for the cele bration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales with the magnificence suited to such an important event. The re fusal of the British Government to agree to Prince Alfred's acceptance of the proffered throne of Greece, is just what we anticipated. The political complications such a responsibility would lead England into, would be endless. This mail has brought to our knowledge numerous interesting' events, which will ench receive due attention at our hands in turn. But that to be most deplored is the continued hostile position of America. Her destinies have for a time been placed in the hands of madmen, whose only genius lies in levying, and lavishing, with a prodigal hand, Mood and treasure on land and sea. Kot content with the unnatural struggle with the Southern States, Mr. Seward is doing his utmost to open up a war between England and the Federals, — and Mr. Clay impotently suggests an attack on Canada, and puts his trust in the possibility of urging on a rebellion in Ireland. We can scarcely decide which suggestion is die most absurd. Any attack upon Canada would have the same effect as a powerful reinforcement to the Confederates, and the hope for aid from Ireland is childish in the ex treme. With die exception of a very small section of Irishmen, who parade the ghosts of grievances long since bu ried, no portion of her Majesty's domi nions is more loyal than Ireland. With a debt of Ehcen Ilundn-d Million Dollars already around the neck of the Federal States, and a loss of 20,000 men in die lost battle, they ought to soon come to their senses. In all pro bability, the interruption to hostilities by the severity of the winter, will lead to rational negotiation, and eventually to peace. Let us hope, for the sake of humanity, that this will be the result. There has been another spirited con test for die Championship of England this time between Mace and King, and it seems to have been second in import ance only to diat between Sayere and Heenan. We have devoted all our available space to extracts upon die most promi nent of these subjects, and will con tinue them in future issues. 