THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO WILLUNGA. OPENING OF THE ODDFELLOWS HALL. His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief paid his first visit to the district of Willunga on Thursday, December 17, having accepted the invitation of the Oddfellows connected with the Loyal Willunga Lodge, M.U., to be present at the opening of the Hall recently erected for them. Sir Dominick started from Adelaide shortly after 8 o'clock in his own open carriage. He was accompanied by the Chief Secretary (the Hon. H. Ayers), the Treasurer (the Hon. J. Hart, MP.), and Mr. Chief Inspector Hamilton. Major Douglas, Col lector of Customs, followed on horseback. His Exce lency had four-in-hand, and drove himself in a most admirable manner. The party reached their destination a few minutes after noon, about an hour before they were expected. This prevented the inhabitants giving His Excellency that demon strative reception which they had contemplated. However the volunteers and a few equestrians mustered together as quickly as possible and met tbe vice-regal party just as they were entering the township. Triumphal arches were erected at Noarlunga and at the entrance to Willunga; and near the Hall there was quite a display of bunting, suspended across the road. Sir Dominick and the gentlemen who were with him rested a while at the Bush lun. Meanwhile prepara tions were made to escort him with due ceremony to the new Hall. At half-past l o'clock His Excellency issued from tbe hotel, and the procession was formed. Tbe Volunteers, with their beatiful flag, led the van, and then followed the magnificent banner belonging to the South Australian District of tbe Manchester Unity of Oddfellows. Next came Schrader's band, which was engaged for the occasion, and which played a capital march. His Excellency and suite, and the members of the Lodge, completed the train, on either side of which walked a numerous gathering of gaily clad youths and maidens—boys and girls resident in or near the district. Arrived at the Hall, the Governor mounted the steps leading into it, and there replied to various addresses or welcome and congratulation. Mr. Tuomas M-HTiN. Chairman of the Willunga Dis trict Council, having read, presented the following address to His Excellency :— "To His Excellency, Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, Governor-in-Chief of South Australia, and Vicc-Admiral of the same. "The District Council of Wi'Junga. on behalf of their con stituents, have great pleasure this day in welcoming your Excellency lor the first time to tliis township. "Although we cannot boast or a rich mineral district where - wicked wealth is diggvd np,* yet, as agricultori?ts. we think we justly claim a considerable quota in tbe produc tion of those necessaries indispensable to our existence, aud, in consequence therefore to share with our fellow- colonists in the ealogium awarded to South Australia at the * World's great Show,' of producing the finest wheat in the world. "We wish more particularly at this time to express through Your Excellency our undeviatiog loyally to our beloved and Most Gracious Queen, whose virtues we trust may be imitated by and handed down to our great nation- I posterity by Her Majesty's illustrious family. *' Permit ns also on this occasion to indicate our appre- i elation ofthe great boon, and free institution, (lie 'Dislrict Councils' Act," assuring Vour Excellency that it has worked admirably, and that in its operations it is proved to be well adapted to meet the requirements of our colony, it having already been productive of much good to this our new and free country. "We beg also to convey our high appreciation of Yonr Excellency's able qualities, as Her Majesty's Representative in this Province, and trust you may tie lon, sjiared to continue that government you have so successlully begun. ** (Signed on behalf of the District Council aud District of Wiihinga'. "TnoMAS Martin. Chairman. " Willunga, December \7 th. 1803." His Exc__l_ncv, alt?r begging the assemblage to excuse him wearing his hat, said—'-I thauk you sincerely for tlie cordial welcome ycu have given me on this, the first occasion of my visit to this beautiful district. On a tonuer occasion I bad actually fixid the day to come here, but 1 was obliged to fore_o ray intention. 1 had beard much ot the beauty of the district, but what 1 have seen to-day con vinces me that what 1 have been told of it was in no resjiect exaggerated. P—tbaps one sees it nnder most advantageous circumstances, for the richness of the crops, the rxeeUence of the roads, and the weather altogether combined to give me a very favorable opportunity of judging of it. 1 thank yon -r_oit especially for the v-preselow of loyalty and 1 allegiance tbat arc contained in the address. It is my good fortune to be placed in a country where, to my great grati t -cation, I so constantly receive these assurances of attach- I ment to the Queen. It bas been thus in every partof the ? colon v I have yet visited, and 1 believe it will continue so to j be. Von are pleased to express yonr approbation ,of my coarse and conduct in the —dmiaistratiou -of my Government. It is exceedingly gratifying to receive this expression of approval from an intelligent portion ofthe community like this, which is near enough to . the scene of action to see how the Government ib carried on. You are naturally satisfied and gratified -and from this I argue yoa show your intelligence—with the working ol . yonr municipal institution. It has been my fate, as a public ' man and as a legislator, to witness almost the introduction ol these institutions into a British colony far avay from this, but in no instance bave I found them fail in doing some good. When the real interest of the district is at heart when the spirit of jobbing is prohibited—when the duties of a District Council are properly carried oat. they cinnot fail to work wc—. rbere would then be no difficulty alraut keeping tbem straight. Another advantage of District I Councils is tbat they are the nuseies. where many men can prepare themselves forthat largerspbere of action aniosefnl ness —the Parliament ofthe country. These institutions have been productive cl great good. 1 believe they will continue to be beneficial to the provice. When we consider the short existence of the colony—when we look al the state to which it bas arrived in point of civilization and propriety; and when we note the success which it has already achieved, it is impossible to eay to what extent of greatness it will _ttain. We have room enou.h here to usefully employ twenty timfs the population that we have got, and 1 hope tlie shortsighted and absurd objection tbat has been hitherto raised against immigration will uever be beard again. Surely never is there a country where immigration can produce more direct and extensive benefit than here. I don't think we shall ever hear tbe cry again, so that the subject is hardly worth alluding to. I shall not detain yoa longer, but again express my thanks to you for the hearty reception yon have given me, and say that I hope it will not be tlie last visit by many that I sha'l make to your district. I shall have great pleasure in acquainting my family with my impressions of tbe locality, and in inducing tbem to pay it an early visit. (Load applause) At the suggestion or Mr. J. Colton. M.P.. three cheers, long and hearty, were given for His Excellency, the Band striking, up immediately afterwards "St- Patrick's Day in tbe Morning." Mr. Bichard Crafted, Secretary of the Willung? Lodge next stepped forward, with P.G. Hughes, P.G. Hardy, and l'.G Burgess. Ue read the following address from the Odd fellows and then delivered it to His Excellency :— "To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly.knight. Govcraor in-Chief of tbe colony or South Australia, be, be. "The officers and members of the Loyal Willunga Lodee of Oddfellows present themselves before your Excellency with the deepest sense of your condescension and kindness in accepting their invitation to the opening of their Hall. ?? The happiness and good order of a people are much pro moted by the example wliich, in social and domestic life, their rulers show them. Tbe like blessings wa invoke on our gracious tiaeen and the royal family, we most cordially pray will descend on yourself. Lady Daly and family; for the people yon govern eee witb pleasure tbe silken cords of love and aflVction which bind you to each other. "TheendeaiTaentsof home; the kindred ties of husl _nd and wife, father and child, are largely promoted by means of our extensive Society, a branch of which is now before you: by its almost universal instrumentality many of every country and denomination are aided in the painful passages ' of lift-, in sickness and bereavement. \- Tbe fast increasing numbers of our Order here render greater accommodation necessary; to meet this the baild ing, the opening of which we this day Inaugurate, lias been erected. Joyfnlly, then, do we hail yonr presence here on this auspicious occasion, feeling that in the bosom of yonr Excellency beats a heart responsive to the sorrows and troubles of humanity. '? Welcome, then t thrice welcome to WHlunga 1 may its circling hilts and sunlit slopes recur to you with pleasure for many a future year; and may we, yonr people, have in store a repetition of yonr visit, wbicb at this moment confers such general and heartfelt satisfac—on. ?? Signed on behalf of the Lodge. ** __T._--_> C-AFT-—. "James Hogoes. "Jornv Dabdt. *' JonN Allen. ??Zacn. Williams." Si?DojirtnCK replied as follows:—Gentlemen—l receive this address with very great gratification. It gave me much pleasure to respond to yonr invitation on this occasion. It is not the first time I have spoken to Oddfellows. I know and understand the object of Oddfellows* Lodges welL I have been privileged to see tlieir operations in various parts of the world, and I know how they are governed 100 well not to appreciate fully the charitable, benevolent exertions, and loyal conduct which I have ever found to distinguish tbe Order Tlie increaseof youronmbers, and the enterprise yoo bave manifested in building a ball for yourselves, are highly commendable. Your meetings ought to be held in a dis tinctive place, where they can be free from the imputations that are sometimes cast upon them because they are held at a public bouse. Every Lodge would do well to avoid holding its raeeti-gs even In the best class of hotels— (cheers;-aud then they would be absolved from any unjust reflections whatever—reHectio_s which, it they have not been made here. have. I know, been made elsewhere. I feel most grateful for the welcome given me. and I hope fre quent opportunities of visiting your beautiful district will yet be afforded me Captain Atkixson presented the following address on behalf of the volunteers :— ?? To His Bxcellency Sir Dominick Daly. Knight, Governor in-Chief ofthe Colony of South Australia, &c;, &c.; "On behalf ofthe officers and men of oor Company, we beg to testify onr great pleasure in welcoming your Excel lency to this district; ai the eame time we wish to assure yon of the loyalty and respect we entertain for yoo as Go vernor of this province, and representative of IKt Majesty our most gracious Queen. "Tlie knowledge tbat yoa take a lively interest in the volunteers is astrong inalementtopromotetlleu-elfi_ency, and thus secure tbe approbation of yonr Excellency. Theen conrage—tent of your presence conduces to arouse emulation and promote competition; and we heartily hope that Ihe welcome you will receive here to-day, the amenities of the place, and the knowl—lge yoa will gain of its people, will induce you to revisit us at our future rifle match. ?. -? Most cordially do _e onite with our f— low townsmen in wishing Lady Daly and family beal'b and happiness, and to yourself, as our Governor, long life to wear tbe laurels your just administration bas earned. "Capt. Atkinson. ??Lieut. Snosw___. "SIinGEON JaT. " Willunga, December \7, 1563." His ExCeu.enc vacknowledged (headdress in the following terms- -**I _m very tl__ikfal to you for tbisaddress. and I don't think tlie volunteers require to be assared by roe, that I consider the force to be one of tbe most essential institutions ' ofthe colony. Circumstanced as this province is, without ; any standing army, it is true policy to be in a state of pre- ' P-rednese. by having a force raised purely for defence, in order to meet any emergency which may, bat which Gid grant may never arise. The Importance of such a step has been (recognized by tbe mother country, and in consequence thereof she now occupies a position in the eyes ot fforeigu nations which she never before held. Highly as she has risen in universal estimation—highly as she has stood on the ground of defence-and protected as she is by the first navy in t the world, yet the existence of ISO.OOT volun teers ready to turn out at any moment —well- drilled, and well equipped, has placed ber in a position of security wbicb she never before occupied. As marksmen, the volunteers of South Australia, notwith standing the recent doings at Wimbledon, have held their own; and considering the disadvantages nnder which they labor, the proficiency they bave acquired in the nse of the rifle is very re-oaricable. Bat great as your proficiency may be. you may be_ime still more proficient, and I wonld urge you to strive to reach that point of excellence particularly in your drill. Unless well drilled half the value ol being < marksmen is lost. I again thank you for the complimentary. manucrin which you have treated me. I can onlv B*y tbat I have never dealt iu professions, and don't iutend to; hut I trust tliat when the day comes for me to separate from tbe people to whom every day I become more and more attached I shall receive your satisfaction." (Immense cheering.) ,-,,-. .. ' Three more cbeers were here given for His Excellency, and a similar number for Lady Daly. Mr. B. J. PeAKE. S.M., next presented His Excellency with the subjoined address on tbe part of the Magistrates: — "To Uis Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, Gover nor-iu- Chier of South Australia. &— " May it please your Excellency— *? We the uudcrsigned Bench o( Magistrates, ot Willunga, oiler yonr Excc-llencv oar congratulations on this occasion of your first visit to Willunga, and venture to bid yoa a hearty welcome, ** We trust your Excellency's visit to this district may afford you pleasare, as it ie doubtless a source of grea gratification to us and the inhabitants of Willunga and the neighborhood. \- Our district i> eminently agricultural, and we trust your Excellency will derive some satisfaction in your journey through tbe country at this season, and at the right or a contented, industrious, and loyal peo, le, occupied ingather ing a rich harvest from their lands. " May we, in conclusion, express a hope that though this is your Excellency's first visit to WUlnnga, we may be honored on futore occasions by other visits equally gratify ing to us and the people at large. " We have the honor to be your Excellency's obedient servants, _ " E J. Peake, S.M. "B. Boswobto, J.P. "J. S. Mackintosh, J.P. " T. S. Kx_u J.P." Sib Dominick in reply said—l feel mnc*i gratified by yonr kindness in presenting this address to me on my first visit to Willunga. That I have not visited this beautiful district before—l will saddle the right horse aod tell yoa—is conse quent upon tbe very prolonged parliamentary Session tbat s onlv just cl eel; and this has prevented me leaving Adelaide at all. I hope yoo will accept this as a sufficient reason for not coming here before. I assure you 1 have more than once arranged to come here, bnt I have always found the calls of business have made it next to impossible for me to carry my intentions out. I trust I sliall have another opportunity of seeing it, and of bringing th - members of my family to see it also, for 1 am sore it won't take much to indue ? them to pay a visit to this beautiful place. I again thank you for tlie kind welcome yoa have given me, and I will not detain you longer. (Applause) The Hall is a very neat and substantial structure. Its character being plain Grecian. The large room is 43 feet long by 26 feet wide, and there are two small rooms behind, each of which measures 13 feet by 10 feet 6 inches. The contractor was Mr. J. Wheatley of North Adelaide, and the cost of the building was £__00. The company then adjoarned to a. booth which had been erected just behind the ball, and in which was provided a good and substantial luncheon. There were about ton persons present. Mr. J. Colton. MP., occupied the chair, and was supported on bis right by His Excelhncy the Governor, the Hon. tlie Chief Secretary, and Chief Inspector Hamilton. Ou bis left were seated the Treasurer. Mr. E. J. Pcake. Mr. T. S. Eel), and Dr. Jay. Dr. J. S. Macintosh filled the vice chair, and among the other gentlemen present we noticed the Iters. E. K. Miller and J. Howie. Messrs. S. Kidner. W. itounsevell, 11. I_ Durieu. Loud. M. Burgess, and others. The Bev. E. K. Miller and the Bev. J. Howie severally offered and returned thanks before and after the meal. The District Officers. Messrs. Sherring and leaver, were invited and attended, but through some oversight on the partof their Willunga brethren they were not treated with tbat courtesy which tliey had a right to expect In consequence of this they left for Adelaide without taking part in the festivities. At the close of the lunch, the Coaibman. after glasses had been charged, proposed **TheO.oeen"—a toast, he said, that was always enthusiastically received throughout" the vast dominions of tlie British Empire; and it was ex tremely gratifying to all of tbem. be was sure, to hear that Her Majt-sty had again rc-ent/red public life. Hand—" National Anthem." The Ciiaiuu ax said as they had a length V program me ti go through he would at once ask tiiem to n-fill their glass's in order todrink to the health ofthe I'rinceaud Princess of Wales and the rest ol the Royal Family. AH eyes were turned at present to the Prince of Wales, who would in all probability be their future sovereign, and consequently all bis acts and movements were loo?ed at with great interest. Although they hoped it would be long before be was compelled to assume the rtius of Government, still they could not help watching his career and character. He had been carefully : educated, and be bud taken an important step in life—that of marriage He believed be had secured to himself au excellent wife—(a !a-ghl -and that whenever he was called ' upon to fill the Throne ot England be would be found equal -to tlie responsible and dignified position. (Applause ) 1 Band—"Rule Britannia," Tlie Coaibuak solicited bumpers for tlie next toast, r?* His Excellency the Governor-in-Cliief." He was sure they would all receive it in a hearty and enthusiastic maimer. His Excellency bad done them the honor of paying them a visit; and be was sure they all esteemed it to 'be a great honor. He was sure they atl with him njoiceJ ! that the Imperial Government had selected for thera a : gentleman of such ability and judgment and prudence as ? His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly. (Cheers.) He mc-n -1 tioned the qualifications, which he considered were necessary lin a Governor to rule a colony firmly, prudently, . and well; and he said he believed these qualities were tto a large extent concentrated in His Excellency. He bad i discharged bis duties in a way acceptable to the Legislature ! and the colonists generally; and it was therefore with great ! pleasure indved that he submitted the {toast to them. Ue : aiight state, on belialf of tbe inhabitants of Willunga, tliat 1 I hey regretted that Sir Dominick should have arrive- some J 1 what earlier Iban tbey anticipated, for they bad intended to \- receive him in a mach more demonstrative way than tbey ?lid; and a much larger gathering would have assembled to > give him a hearty welcome. He had no doubt His Excel ) lency would be thoroughly satisfied with the explanation i and accept the welcome which was given him. i Band—"St. Patrick's day in tbe Morning;" and three ! cheers for the Governor. His Ei/CCllescv in responding sail be should be very i inconsiderate i he were not satisfied witb tlie reception that I bad been given bim. Tbe Chairman bad expressed xegtet ; that he hat arrived a little too soon for the arrangements lhat were proposed to be made : but be could assure them Ithat the welcome he had received at Willnnga was exceed ingly gratifying to him. anil would not easily be forgot by bim. His friend, the President, bad accompanied the toast with so ranch more compliment and with so much more kindly expression of approbation of his past conduct thatn he deserved, that he felt if lie did not disclaim some portion of it he should appear agreat egotist in theireyes. He had said too much of what he had done, but he had not said too much j of his intentions and of bis desire to promote tlie interests of; the colony. It was tbe first duty he owed to the! Queen—it was his duty to the people of tbe country, to leave no effort untried to forward their interest and welfare. This he had striven to do, but how far be had succeeded he would leave them to jndge. Tiie efforts he bad made in the past would not be wanting in future. His friend the Chair man bad got a heavy charge npon lum to discharge; he woald set the example, which he hoped would be followed by suc-ee.ling speakers, of making a short speech, aud simply thank them for the warm way in which his health had been drunk. The Vice- Ciiai—Man next gave "The Army, Navy, and Volunteers." He hoped Hie toist would have the cordial support of every Enehshman present. He would not detain them by detailing aiiy particular instances of the courage or bravery of the army or navy, bnt he would refenhem io history, where their deeds coold be found recorded. He might, however, mention as types of eacli service the names of Wellington for the army, and of Nelson for the navy, both of whom had achi-ved many victories which had added considerably to the glory of England. With regard to the volunteers, although lie had left ihein til) last, he hoped tbey would not consider—lem least Th—r recent trial with England was very commendable to the colony. They weie only a very few points behind thai of the crack company in England. He believed they had the element in them of that which would hereafter make them great. (Cheers.) Band--F.ee*. White, add Bine." M:?jor Douolas eaid lie had been requested to respond to thi. (oast. It was very gratifying t<i the two professions to find tliat here, many thousands or miles away from the mother country, they were gratefully rememberei. The Army and Xavy had achieved a tame ; bat the volunteers bad yet to make a name They were on a fair wayol'doing this iu the Xew Zealand war, and he believed lhat if all did not prove to be heroes, still there would be one name that would yet live in history. (Applause.) Mr. K. .1. Peake, 8 XL, said lie had lieen requested to propose "The Parliament of South Australia." It should, he said, be well received, as the duties of legislators were not of a common order. They required, io order to discharge their duties properly, iadepeadence of spirit, as well as pru dence and judgment. It ivas no easy taste for a legislator to < bear the blame. * lie suspicions, and some times the hatred of those witb whom he differed ; bnt this he had nowand then fo do. It needed a brave spirit lo discharge the functions of ali ,i?lator wisely and well. The Parliament, therefore, deserved their patience and consideration when they did not do exactly as they wished them to do. In choosing representatives be hoped they would always choose men of iud p. ndenCi of thought, and of f__ing: and it was only in that way that tbey would g<* a wise and pru dent Parliament. It was no use e?ndiag men to Parliament wno wonld do wti—t they told tbem to <*o. bnt men who would do what they considered would best advauce the inten-st of the colony. (Cheers ) It was to show that he sympathised with and appreciated tbe toils and eflbrts of legislators tliat he proposed the toast of the Parliament, of which be saw some worthy representatives present. Air by the Band. Tiie Hon. 11. AVE-S. M.L.C., returned thanks for the Legislative Council. The proposer had well pointed out tlie difficulties which beset leglslatrrs both here aad at home; more particularly here, because they were so mixed up with the people. Having seen something of the , Parliaments of the adjoining colonics, he could say that tbe Parliament here wonld bear favorable comparison with either ot the legislatures of the sister provinces. Iu saying that, however, he had no wish to disparage tbe adjacent provinces. The Parliamentary Session had been very prolonged, having sat 9 or 10 months. He believed it might be done in mach less time. He did not speak of tbat because ministers enjoyed a holiday in the recess. (A laugh.) Ministers had no holidays. Tliat might be considered a holi day, but ha should have to work double times wheo he got home (Laughter, and applause.) Ue might just tell lhem that it they could rake up a grievance he was here to answer them. and be hoped they wonld not let liim go until they had told him. (Laughter, aud cheers.) The Hon. J. Habt. MP. responded for the House ot Assembly. He was not disposed to speak of politics, for even the ghost of a roa 1 Kill was driven from his —itud—(a laugh)— by tbe recollections which bis visit to Willunga bad suggested to bim. His mind carried bim back to a period of 2.1 years when be travelled from Encounter Bay to Adelaide, aud wben be looked npon this lieantiful place lie had endeavored to trace some resemblance in the features ot the people then aud those he saw now, bnt he felt quit out of latitude in doing so. Tbe happy faces of the well clad children, the numerous ladies of beauty tliat he saw—in fact the entire change tliat had taken place in the district since the time he spoke of. struck liim far more than anything political. It was well to hear a gentleman of Mr. I'eakes experience testifying to tbe arduous nature ol a legislator's duties. 1 liere was no question that a man going into Par - 1-ment could scarcely go in as tbe delegate of any particula district; lie must decide accordiag to circumstances asr they preseD'ed themselves to his wind. EreD the Trea surer, who was the representative of tbe Port, found that be could not always conform to tbe opinions and views of Iris constituency. This was tbe first holiday he had had since he took office, and the various associations which had recurred to his mind, together with the welcome they had received, liad made him enjoy tlie trip very much; it all the faces he beheld 25 years ago felt as much in seeing him a9 he felt in seeing tbem, a good result would follow his visit to tbe district. He had one word more to add, and it was in reference to tbe road. If they had seen the admirable way in wliich His Excellency drove hia team, they would have thought the head of the team to which be (Mr. Hart) belonged could bave taken a capital lesson, by which he could profit greatly. Ue sincerely thanked tbem. (Cheers). Mr. MAnrrs BtmoESS proposed -The Agricultural and Pastoralflnterests of Soul h Aust rali_,"'remarking liiat every one wa* interested in the success of these two iuteiests. Tlie good crops that were likely to be harvested in Wil luo_a was a not h (or the farmers, and he hoped there would he many more such notches. He suggested that when the wheat was not likely to pay so well. Ibe agriculturists might turn tbeir attention to tlie cultivation of flax and cotton. It was not, however, bis intention to read tbem a led—re opon the way of farming land, so be woald merely propose the toast. Band—"Song of Australia" , Mr. Loud returned thinks. The agricultural interest he said, had lain dormant for some years, owing to dry seasons and low prices, and many had to snecumb to the terror of the law. About 22 years ago he had tlie pleasure of meeting Governor Gawler at tbe Horseshoe where an agriailuw-al gathering was held. When the agricultural interest was proposed there was scarcely a man (ben who could have thought the interest would have flourished eo "velL They bad fought on and had conquered. They had produced wheat which had obtained a world-wide reputation, and though tbe interest w.-is now under a cloud, yet with a kind Provi'lence and with mercliauts giving them better prices — (lau?hter. and cheers) \- tl.ey would be enabled to live and let live. From what hesaw of the youngsters that were gro.viug up he lial no fear that the agricultural iatjest would diminish in prosperity. (Applause. > Mr. T. Martin gave "The District Officers," whom, all bough he did not.know, had bi-eu selected by SO Lodges, and therefore possessed their confidence. Baud—" For they are jolly goad f— lows." Drunk with Lodge honors. The VicE-CriAiBMAN next rose to propose "The Visi tors." alluJing to tbe visit of His Excellency and his Miuisters. which tbey esteemed a great houor. As Odd fellows, they fell highly the compliiueot which was paid thctu by the presence of so many visitors. Band— -* We won't go home till morning." His ExcE~_F.Nrr said as he had been placed first amongst tbe visitors, be would express his thanks for the toast they proposed. Ue would take that opportunity ot supplying an omission which be bad previously made, namely, of thanking'hem for their kind hospitality. The evidences of refiuol comfort that be saw before bim satisfied him that tbey were making their way far and near, and he hoped the district would long continue to succeed and prosper. Mr. Chief Inspector Hamilton gave the health or "Lady Daly, and the ladies of Sonth Australia." He thought some inhabitant of the district would have been happy to have piopo^ed tbe toast, and as he had I _*n called upon quite unexpectedly he woold not detain tl lent by a speech. ?land—** Here's a health to all good lasses." His ExcKi.Lr.xcf assured them that Lady Daly would be very tbankf al on learning the way in which the toast bad be-ti received ; aud when he reported to her and the other ladies of his family bis impressions of this beautiful district be should very shortly have to fulfil a promise that be had made them, namely, to escort them to it- On their behalf and on behalf of the ladies of South Australia, with whom he hoped bis family wonld be more and more intimately associated, he begged to return (banks Mr. Hakov proposed "The Press," which was acknow ledged by Mr. I'AUKINSON. Dr. Jat proposed "The Cliairman," who, he said, had representiHl tlinn honestly ro the best of his ability. II they would bave the Parliament wise and useful they should choose men of good social standing—meu who would nut promise everything and do nothing, but men who would act as they lltoug at best for their owo districts particularly and the colony in general. The Chairman replied. Wben be came here he came at the solicitation or friends, who wished him to contest the district. He felt be had many insufficiencies, but be pro mised he wonld do Ids best. Ue had done that. Out of the 101 days, be had been present during part ol or whole of the debates that liad occurred during luo of the fittings. lie bad represented tliem very imperfectly, but he hopvd iu ftit—re to repr—-ent them better. No care or attention to his duties should be wanting on his part- If they were spared he trusted tbey should liave many such gatherings, with His Excellency at their head. (Cheers.) Returning thanks once more, be would beg to propose the heai—i of the Vice-Chairiiian. Dr. Mackintosh having acknowledged tlie compliment, tlie proceedings connected Willi the lunch ended. A tea was afterwards held, and after tbat a vocal and in strumeutal coucerr. interspersed with recitations. The eu terlainment was 4-ouducted by Mr. Pounsett, of Willunga, and the admirable manner in which everything went off reflecU- much credit upon him. Mr. 11. Ponnsett, the Misses Pouuselt, Mr. Albert Chapman, aud Mr. Hut ton were the principal vocalists, and Mr. M. Burgess and one or two others added lo the' evening's pleasure by delivering some first-rate recitations. His Excellency and snite were present throughout the enlerlainuient, and seemed highly pleased with it. 