OUR LONDON LETTER. September 26th. The news from America hasbeen during the month almost altogether in favoc of the North. Operations between Lee's army and General Mead have ceased, but the attack on Charleston has more than supplied any deficiency in news. Almost every steamer has brought us word of nonie additional success to the North, and of BOMC dinas tcr to the South. Charleston has not yet fallen, nor does the North, with the experience of Fort Hudson and Vicksburg, seem to anticipate that it will, without the lapse of a considerable time. Still, tlie general feeling in America is that the war is now" rapidly thawing to a close ; that the rebellion is put down, and that the Union has already abolished slavery and convinced the world of its strength. This, too, seems to be a very general opinion in England. Tlie wish is no doubt father to the thought, b ut, still, unless some unforeseen accident of war sh ould arise tbe conquest of the South cannot at the present rate bo long delayed. It has bee a very curions to walch how, during the pa6t Involve months, the sympathy of the English people ! us been varying from one side to the other. Dui dug that period the Federals have been growing mo re and more in public estimation. There is not at present in England a single respectable journnl, wi tli the exception, perhaps, of the' Morning Herald,' the ultra Tory mouthpiece, which would allow in iits colun-.s such attacks on tlio North, or such cuology of the South, as appeared almost daily in the'Times' and elsewhere, twelvemonths ago. Then, t'oe question was an open cue; now, curiously enov.gji, it has become almost a political one. The Manchester men arc almost fanatical in their advocac y of the North, the majority of the Liberal party favors the North, lint loves England better; while 'die Tories and Squireocracy are mostly in favor of .the SvAith. The v, hole mius of the lower classes in E ngland are strongly in favor of the North. Tbe grei it towns, are of course, the mouthpieces of this viel r. The aristocracy and tiic governing classes preto: • the slaveholders. As the issue becomes men - and more seen that the war iu Anic! ica is a war between freedom and slavery, or a struggle to settle the question " Wl iother upon the continent of America the princi pie of slavery, or the principle of freedom shall piedi iminate" the nld liberty loving instinct of the Kngliiih nation declares itself more and more strongly in favor of the Federals. Tlie ' Times' which your readers know ia a good barometer of the state ai id tendency of public opinion has already begun to turn round. The immediate cause of this veerinjf, was the announcement that two iron clnil vessels were almost ready to he launched at Liverpoo 1 for the CBU6C of the Confederates. The ' Times' had several leaders 011 the subject, all urfiing tliat t bese ships ought not to he allowed to leave lingla.ad, and that if the English law at present will allow them to leave, the sooner the law is altered the 1 letter. The ' Horning 1 W (Lord Palmerslon's oxgall) has given, and since repealed 11 half official, declaration that tliCRo vessels will not ho allowed to leave England. Jlnst of (he ill-feeling in America towards this country arises from the acts of tire Alabama, and Florida, both of which were built in England. The ' Times' has pointed out in half a dozen different leaders that if the law-allows a neutral to build ships for one of the contending parties, wo shall he the greatest suflorers in the case of a war. At present ilie Florida is in BieBt, but a part of her crew is in Liverpool. It lias been nillcinlly slated that Mr. Laird, the builder of the two iron clmls, has pledged ' himself that ilie vesst :Is shall not !e: vc England! ata trial trip which is sh ortly to take place. It is very curions to watrh how 1 <onlly wc take lessons in the ert ot war from the terrible experiments the Americans make for our instruc! don and edificalion. The details of all naval contests a aid bombardments arc carefully sifted and analysed in-, this country, and the deductions compared with the results of the £afe ami bloodless txperimci JIB made at Woolwich and Shoehurync-ss. The Federals have, by the bombardment of Charleston,r eopened the question of the utility of the biggest and I tenviest guns that can be made and used. Gilmore's batleries consisted of 280- pounders, he hos recei ved, wc are told two 300- poundersj a 500-pound er is being constructed, and the Federals are " ni^diti iting" the construction of a 2000-pounder. The -telegrams will have informed your readers tliat Gra ik Are has been employe d at Charleston. A patenl ee has written to the papers to say that our Government knows all about it, aud that the;/ are prepared to shell liquid fire whenev er it may be required. Resident Davis has withdrawn Mr. Mason from London, 011 the groumd that " Tlie Government of her Majesty haB determined to decline the overtures made through you for -establishing by treaty, friendly relations between the two governments, and entertnins no intention of r eceiving you as tbe accredited Minister of this (the •Confederate Government) near the British Court"—a state of tliingB in which Mr. Mason's continued re sidence in London " is neither conducive to the intc rests nor consistent with the dignity of this Goven lment." The«Index' (a journal established by the Confederacy in London, expressly fur the pnrpc.se of advocating their cause) appears to be alanoa 1 at tlie prospect for England which Lord ltussellV. coldness of demeanour has brought upon us. F ranee, whose Emperor has unofficially freely recerved Mr. Slidell, is to have not only all the bcneBts e f tlie alliance, but Mr. Masjn also. It is seldom, if ever., that this country has been fa its present happy co ndition. Perfectly free from any subject of internal anxiety or disquiet, the whole attention of ill 1 politicians is taken up ia Speculating on the a flairs of their lost fortonate neighbours. While 4II around is in a stat* of ae. tual war or of threats oed commotion^ we we In thQ condition of being 'interested «gMta#Bq el Utel," . J.,, and conduct in the midst of their troubles, w with little more danger from being inrolred in 55,iK«milcs tSan we choose to expose ourselves h tr J voluntarv interference. In the case of n ;Lf it would appear that we have gone farther f .ilt wavthan vras advisable, but this at least llintadsd for our Foreign Minister, that if he Scried, it has been in good company, and the hnffs lie has sustained are no worse than those that f rp been administered to others. When the Kan reply to Lord Russell was published a short Z WO. it was thought to be a severe slap on the , W which it »•- S suiiposed, would not be offered to nv oilier' Power- Hut now that the Bussiau nswer to the French Minister has also made its aparance, it is found that Prince Gortscliakoff has rtaj villi the most laudable impartiality, being Luallr curt, sharp, and sneering to both. He has not imitated the conduct of the American authorise. who reserve ail their indignation for England, which lias refused to interfere in their quarrel, and tirely pass over the conduct of the French Francror. who has openly declared his willingness to recognise the South. Now that the Russian reply to the French Ministers has been published, it is found that lau^oog-e is in many placeB, and its spirit is everywhere, identical with that to England. The last event in connexion with Poland, haB been the publication of a long letter from theNati»nal Government of that country to Prince Czartergski, in the front page of the 'Moniteur,' The letter contains a severe analysis of recent Russian desntcliM, an appeal for foreign assistance, many compliments both to England and France, and a distinct defence of the legality nnd national diameter of the amouymous jfoveniment. The publication is reported to be the Emperor's answer to Prince Gortscliakoff's despatch, declining further discussion, nnd has undoubtedly a strong appearance of sympathy with the Poles. At the same lime the ' Moniteur' docs not itself style the authors of the letter a" National Government," and the Russian Ambassador has not demanded any explanation of the quasi-official act. The probability is, that the letter was republished as the only effective retort which the Frcneh Government could offer just now to the Government which ]iad inflicted on tliem so severe a diplomatic defeat The occurrence sent down French funis, and has increased that uneasiucss aa to the continuance of peace which, in spite of all assurances, has been manifest since the commencement of the straggle. GENEItAL. Of course every Tasmauian knows that this is not «the season" iD London. Everybody is supposed to lie down in the country or at Paris or Timbuctoo. The newspapers edit themselves apparently; and the result is that we have discussions on every sort of out of the way subject. The social evil is always a good topic at this time of the year, and has been amply discussed both in the' Times' and the' Saturday Review,' The latter has had two very startling leaders on the subject under the heading of "The sin in scarlet." Then the members down in the country begin, about this time, to vary shooting, with enlightening the rural mind on all sorts of topics from the best method of applying liquid manure to the fate of Poland. The speeches form good topics for the London newspapers. Not, that as a rule they arc at all remarkable. Delivered usually at the Library and Philosophical Institute of the county Pedlington, three-fourths of the contents usually go to prove that the world is progressing just as it should be,and the remnining fourth to shew that the Literary and Philosophical Institute who re they are met is one of the most important means of bringing about this progress. Still these speeches serve to pass the time, and help to get over the dreary season. Though nothing political is doing, every sort of social question is being ventilated. When the goddess of politics takes her departure, just about the beginning of the shooting season, in comes art, science, social economy, enormous cabbages, sensations, and London fogs. The British Association for the advancement of science lias had its parliament at Newcastle during the past month. In about ten days the Social Science Association begins to hold its session in Edinburgh ; Lord Brougham, who last week completed his eighty-fifth year, is to open it. Is there any other country in the world where such vigorous old men can be found ? Lyudliurst, turned ninety, is still hearty, I believe; i'almerston, in spite of gout,ami rumors about every three months that lie is failing, is as strong nnd witty as ever. By the way, in connection with Lord Brougham, there was rather a curious and painful scene in the House of Lords a Bhort time before the bession closed. Whilst speaking, his teeth obstructed his voice, and the veteran, determined his speech should not be lost, endeavored to take them out. He had literally to tug and tug again before he could accomplish his purpose, nnd when he had accomplished it, the sight of the fallen mouth and the mumbled sounds which came from it is described by those who were witnesses of it to have been something extremely painful. Nevertheless, he went through his work and made a good speech. Ue will do the same prohably at Edinburgh, where his last pet society, one that is doing a large amount of useful work, will probably have n more successful meeting thai) even its predecessor in London last year. At the British Association meeting, Sir William Armstrong, of gun notoriety. was president. To follow what he said about guns, and the weight of ball they could throw was nln.ost an impossibility. The' Times' however, hns thrown Sir William into the shade by telling us what the Americans are doing. On board our ships it appears that the largest gun we possess throws only 08 pounds, while the Federals have i n board theirs guns throwing 200 pounds. Thev have puns also of 300 pounds calibre, whilst our'laTgest field pieces are only 32 pounds. The ' Times' subtests that possibly ourg ship guns are better, because we can safely go to sea with them, whereas a Federal iron clad with a 200-poumler as <ieek hamper would hardly venture to do more than creep along the coast. Still when we read that Fort Wagner at Charleston has been destroyed at a distance of five miles, it is time that the old world should look ..fter what these precocious youug nations of the new arc doinc. Sir William Armstrong's greatest hit in his opening speech was made when he spoke about the sun's spotB. His theory is not altogether new, hut nltliourh Mr. Nasniytli's " solar willow leaves" which me each 1OU0 miles in length, nnd 100 in breadth, and perhaps organisms" (suggest both that gentleman mid Sir Wiiliittn)have not been altogether unheard of t.efnre, yet none has been able to put Jlie tlnory in such a fashion as Armstrong put it. The spots on Ills sun are often crossed, mid usually fringed with these willow lei'.f shaped bo lies and the whole surface r.f the sun seems to bo covered with tliem. Crowds of living, - involved, bright, not caterpillars creeping over each other, each 100,000 square miles in area are not a pleasant idea. Sir William further suggested that the constant supply of heat, which warms the whole solar system, may be due to the falling in of bodies to the sun's surface, beating that surface just like his own cannon balls or shells " beat the targets at Shocburyness. Who would choose a residence in a sphere, very majestic, but eternally bombarded from ail parts of the celestial spaces:—a world into which small planets that had been travelling from infinite distances, with a constantly accelerating speed should be constantly crushing home, ami where the annexation of a comet would be an every day event. Sebastopool or Vicksburg under siege, would bo a sort of heavon to such a life as that. Besides, they at least had ,the satisfaction of returning the Ore, which would'be impossible for the mm. At the theatres, and general places of amusement, at London, the present rage is the Ghost." After haunting the Adelphi he makes the round of Canterbury Hull, and other similar placcs. The thing is ver> well managed. Dressed iu orthodox ghostly coBtunie, ho appears just at the very point in the play, or the reading of some of Dickens's ghost aucnea where he is wanted and is prepared to throw back the bullets fired at him, or to walk through the table, or to be stabbed through and through without tho smallest apparent inconvenience. The tiling is easily explained. Every one passing a plate glass window mast have observed his reflection on the other side. Remember that the plate glass of a window is uot silvered as it the case with a mirror, and it may readily be conceived, say, first, that the actor is on the opposite side of a large and concealed pane of glass. Let tlusglasabc plRCCilpWWto the direction in which the •pectatore are looking. And, lastly, let tho light be 6 ? nsto throw the shadow well forward as a. ^gbt Mot on a ,jark groall(ii and the thing is nous, ifaw.jw jnwtiite roitewBHiy vat up one for themselves. I can assure them they have got sufficient to act upon. The ornamentation of St. Paul's Cathedral is progressing rapidly. Several of the arches of the interior have been gilded and painted with a very good effect. The design is said to be the one which Sir Christopher Wren proposed, but which he was un. able to carry out. Our empty cathedrals are begin, ningnowtobe put to use. The Sunday evening services have become an institution. The Church seems now, at the end of three hundred years, to have found out that the great empty space which usually occupies three-fourths ot our cathedrals was intended, and may actunlly he put to other use than as a promenade. It is tiie latest phase of the modern revival. Aluminum, the metal extracted from clay, is heginning to be both cheap and common. At present Mappins seem to be the principal makers in England, aud their exhibition of it and of aluminum bronze is well worth a visit. For three or four years past your readers have roost likely been familiar with it in tlu form of . wrist clasps, belt buckles, &c.;, but Mappins are now making it up as forks, and spoons, as helmets, ornaments, crucibles, preserving pans, &c.;, &c.; It does not look so well as silver. To feel the spoon and fork in your hand is somewhat of a sensation; for their weight is only one third that of silver. The aluminum bronze makes the best imitation of gold in appearance that has yot been discovered. It is next to impoBsible to distinguish the two. Of course the weight instantly gives an answer. Already Albert watch guards, aud a good many ornaments are made of it, end there can be no duuht but that it will supersede (he use of electro plate, &c;, since it is cverlnsting wear, and, to mukc a bull, when it does wear it looks as much like gold as ever. The price is still rather high, because it 4s a novelty, though even uow much lower than that of silver, but I tbink we may fairly anticipate that in a very few years every house will have many articles made of aluminum. I mention these little circumstances because I believe, from my own colonial experience, t hey are precisely what the ordinary newspapers or even the' Home News' fail to give. In your lust file I saw that the new bronze coinage had just been issued. A description of it in a local was rather amusing, when we recollected that any other copper coinage has not been seen in England for the lust three years at least. THE CHAMPIONBAIP OF THIS TYKE.—ON Saturday afternoon, September 12, at half-past 2 o'clock, an immense crowd was congregated upon the High Level-bridge, Newcastle-upon- Tyne, aud upon the quays and shores on the upper reaches of the Tyne, to witness a skiff race between Robert Chambers and Henry Kelly, of London. The race was for a silver cup, £50, and the championship of the Tyne. It was a prize that had been put up by the committee of the Tyne Regatta a fortnight ago, and had been contested for by Robert Cooper, Robert Chambers, and Henry Kelly. Cooper came in first on that occasion ; but a foul was claimed by Chambers and Kelly, aud it was resolved by the committee that the men should appear at the High Level-bridge on Saturday afternoon at half-past two o'clock and row over. Cooper, however, refused to attend, and has served the president, treasurer, aud secretary of the Regatta Committee with writs chiming the prize. Chambers, who had been unwell, seemed to have recovered his strength again, and both he and Kelly appeared to be in excellent condition. At starting the betting was 6 to 4 on Chambers. Chambers won the toss, and took the nortli side of the river, the water being somewhat rough, Kelly led, but upon reaching Skinner'sburn it was palpable that, though ho was several feet ahead of Chambers, he was bearing down upon him in a manner that was suggestive of an approaching foul, Kelly was plainly bent on taking possession of Chambers's water, but in doing so he forced Chambers in shore, and got into his water, 2 feet or 3 feet short of that possession which would have entitled him to be called perfectly clear. Some more fouling took place further on in the race, and when opposite the gas works, Chambers having shot ahead of his opponent, Kelly ceased contesting the race any further, and Chambers won by 150 yards, The foul was referred to the committee and referee, who, after hearingboth the men, declared that Kelly had clearly come out of his own water, and fouled Chambers, and they therefore awarded the race to the latter. THE PRINCE AND PRINCESS OP WALES AT ABKRGELDIE.—Picuicing seems to have been the ruling amusement of the Prince and Princess during tho past week. The weather, though unsettled aud showery, lias not prevented them enjoying the usual amount of out door recreation, which has already put a healthful tinge on the Princess's hitherto pale countenance ; while the Prince, nothing daunted by the passing showers, persistently pursues his uow favorite pastime of deer-stalking, and not unfrequently has he tried the luugs of his more elderly keepers to follow him on the hills in pursuit of game. On Saturday week the Prince was out shooting at Invergcldie, and succeeded in taking down three noble stags, which he exhibited to the Princess that evening by torchlight on the lawn in front of the castle. On Sunday they both attended Divine service, when Dr. Fowler, of Ratho, near Edinburgh, then on a visit to Orathie, preached an eloquent sermon. In the afternoon the Prince aud Princess drove to the wood east from Corbieha', aud took tea amongst the heather. Monday being a day of rain the Royal partly stayed mostly inside. On Tuesday the Prince was again among the hills, aud brought down a Hue deer, which was afterwards shewn at the castle. The Princess and attendants drove to the Garrawalt and took luncheon. On Wednesday the Prince, Princess, and suite, drove to Garmundie, ajliill on the west side of Balmoral, and lunched, returning late in the afternoon. In the evening a ball was given to the servants and gillies of the Prince at the castle. In conection with the jottings, it may not be uninteresting to notice that, though the Prince and Princess, more especially the latter, almost daily hover round Balmoral Castle for awhile, they have never yet been inside—the notion in the locality being that the Queen, " the lady of the manor," wishes them not to enter until she is there herself to receive thein. The Hon. Mrs. Coke has left Abergeldie as lady-in-waiting, being succeeded by the Hon, Mra, Bruce.— ' Aberdeen Herald.' 