THE POLISH NATIONAL ANTHEM. 1\. O Lord, who, for for so many., centuries, did surround Poland with the magnificence of power and glory ; who didst cover her with the shield of Thy protection when our armies overcame the enemy; at Thy altar raise we our prayer. Deign to restore us, O Lord, our free country1 2\. O Lord, who hast been touched by the woes of our injured land, and has guided the martyrs of our sacred cause; who has granted to us, among many other nations, the standard of courage, of unblemished honor; at Thy altar we raise our prayer. Deign to restore us, O Lord, our free country. 3\. Thou whose eternally-just hand crushes the empty pride of the powerful of the earth ; in spite of the enemy vilely murdering and oppressing, breathe hope into every Polish breast. At Thy altar we raise our prayer; deign to restore us, O Lord, our free country. 4\. May the Cross which has been insulted in the hands ot Thy ministers give us constant strength under our sufferings ! May it inspire us in the day of battle with faith that above us soars the visit of the Redeemer. At Thy altar we rase our prayer; deign to restore us, O Lord, our free country! 5\. In tiie name of His commandments we all unite as brothers. Hasten, OLord, the moment of resurrection 1 Bless with liberty those who now mourn in slavery! At Ihy altar we raise our prayer; deign to restore us, O Lord our free country. 6\. Give back to our Poland her ancient splendour 1 Look upon our fields soaked with blood ! When shall peace and happiness blossom among us ? God of wrath, cease to punish us! At Thy altar we raise our prayer; deign to restore us, O Lord our free country. PAYMENT OF MMNTNITK—While the Municipalities act amendment bill was nnder consideration iucommittee'in the Legislative Assembly, last night, Mr Wood withdrew Clause224, providing for the appropriation of moneys for payment of members of the Legislative Assembly. Mr Higinbotham asked the hon. Minister of Justice why the clause was withdrawn 1 Mr Wood said the principal reason was that the clause had no friends. As far as the payment of members was concerned, its provisions appeared to be the most sensible which could be made, but it was needless to revive a useless discussion on the question. Mr Sullivan said he was astonished that the clause should be withdrawn before any objection was raised against it, and he thought some better reasons should be given tor its withdrawal than those advanced by the hon. Minister of Justice. Mr Higinbotham pointed out that provision was made for the payment of members in a paltry way in another portion of the bill, and said he shonld vote against the omission ot the clause. The question was put^ and the clause was struck out without a division.—Age, June 17th. . . BHIIABDS IN ENGLAMD.—Then we have our billiard champion, Roberts, of Manchester; in this case ifs all square and above board. No Englishman living can beat him. Of coarse the Yankees can, at least they say so, but take special care not to try. They content themselves with disputing ms title, Champion of the World, and say he has not proved it. Certainly VI. Berger, the Frenchman, licks him at cannons, but in a game of billiards, 1000 up, our man can w ip creation. Ifs a moral certainty that in one thousand points he'll get the spot stroke several times, and when that comes off, " good bye Peter;" he keeps on scoring till he's himself sick of it Snppose in a match Roberts wants two or three hundred, he can get them with ease, and I should like any one to say where's the player who can possibly stand the ghost of a chance with him.—London Correspondent of Otago Times. THE MUNICIPALITIES ACT AMENDMENT BILL was further considered in committee. Clauses 280 to 284, were, after some discussion with regard to the latter, agreed to. Hie remaining clauses of the bill were agreed to, with a few unimportant amendments, and the House then proceeded to consider the postponed clauses. Clause 28, providing a property qualification for councillors was proposed. It met with considerable opposition. It was contended that it was an attempt to curb the rights of the people of the colony, and give greater powers to the holders of property, to the detriment of the ratepayers. Aster a lengthened discussion, a division -was taken, when 18 votes were found - in favor of tiie clause as it stood, and 18 against it Mr. lalor gave the casting vote in favor of the clause,' which was then agreed to.—Age, June 17 th. A " HOLT TOAD."—Some short time since a party were digging a well for watering sheep on one of the back runs near to Baratta, on the Edward River, and reaching about forty feet below the surface, discovered a full-grown toad ; when brought to the surface the animal was found to be living. It had a well-defined 'cross marked in black on the back, and some of the working men, who were Roman Catholics, immediately designated the animal "a holy toad." We dare say this is the first time that our readers have heard the toad so favorably classified.—Pastoral Times. THE VALUE OF A LAWYER.—On Friday evening a Chinese went into the shop of Messrs Wittkowski Brothers, opposite the Duchess of Kent Hotel, and offered about an ounce and five pennyweights of gold for sale. After the gold was weighed and tested it-was found to be spurious, whereupon the Chinese took his departure, and in ten minutes came back with an attorney and demanded back the spurious gold, saying that he did not want to sell it. The gold was given to him, and for the present through the aid of his legal friead, he has es- caped justice.— Star. Sweden and Norway are displaying boundless enthusiasm on behalf of Poland. The •CrownJPriuoe of Sweden does not hesitate to give pafmtio toasts at public banquets ; and Prince (kmstantine Cteartoryski, the agent of Poland, has been rapturously received at Stockholm. There sundry flying rumors about a contemplated alliance between France and Sweden, in anticipation of which negotiations are said to have been already begiin. In case of a war, Sweden would be in the field with Prance, and, as the report goes, would look for her guerdon in the restoration of Finland. The province is about 130^000 square miles in jinrl has a popolahon of a million and g halt If Poland is to be liberated, there is no good lesson why Finland should not be restored, and once that territorial alterations are commenced, other changes may be looked for. The Treasury Department at Washington, says an American paper, is about to make appointments of women to the offices of recording clerks. 