HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4TH, 1863. The Speaker took the chair at 4.7 p m PETITION Mr. CHAPMAN presented a petition from land- holders and landowners of the municipality of Ross against the proposed imposition of a rate for the main- tenance of the main road Tho petition was read by the CLERK and received NOTICES OF MOTION Mr HAYES to move for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the law for the further prevention of sheep and cattle stealing (Tuesday) Mr HAGGITT to ask the Treasurer why the usual mode of procedure of calling for tenders was departed from in giving orders for the execution of the engraving consequent on the new stamp duties (Tuesday) Mr MURRAY to move that this House do resolve itself into a committee to consider of an addi ess to tho Governor praying that His Excollencv will canso tho lotiring allowance of W G Sums, Esq , to bo calculated upon tho basis of tho omolumonts drown by lum for tinco years previously to tho 10th lobruary, 18b0 C VSE 01 MR CH UIIIEHS Mr, BALFE brought up tho loport of tho select com mittoo appointed to enquire into tho dismissal of Ml Chambers from tho ofilco of schoolmaster nt tho Irnnkhii, and moved that it be read The icport was to tho effect that Afr Chambers had been abruptly dismissed, and m the opinion of tho com nnttco without suflicient reason It appeared that Mr. C'li imbers had novel leen ropunnnded, but that on two occasions he hnih cceived mci eases of sal irj ,on tho rocom mciidattou of Air "stutzor Tho committeo « ero of opinion that under all the circumstances, Mr Chambers was entitled to compensation,m to a further opportunity of showing his fitness for his ofilco Mr BALFE moved that the repoit be considered on Thin sdav Agi »ed to MAIN TRUNK LINE OF RAILWAY Mr ALLISON wished to know whether it was com- petent for him, at the present stage of the business, to move the names of the select committee which he wished to have appointed to enquire into the question of con- structing a railway to connect the ports of Hobart Town and Launceston, and also to complete a line of communi- cation between Australia and New Zealand The SPEAKER said the hon. member should give notice of his intention to move the names of the com- mittee. Mr ALLISON hoped the House would allow him to do so without notice, in consideration of the importance and exigency of the matter. He had endeavored to represent all portions of the country, as far as the number of seven members, to which he was restricted, would allow him. He had applied to the hon. member for Westbury, but that hon. member had said that it was impossible for him to attend. Mr. Dodery said that he also was unable to attend, or that otherwise he would be very glad to give his assistance. Mr Chapman and Mr. Knight said that they were too much occupied on com- mittees, and in private business, to have time to give their attendance. He also wished to correct an error in reference to the proposed line. It had gone abroad that according to Mr Sprent the distance from Hobart Town to Launceston was 180 miles, and that might have a very prejudicial effect upon the undertaking. He (Mr. Allison) had taken steps to ascertain the real distance, and he had received a memorandum from Mr. Boothman, which said, "You are pretty correct; the distance is 118 miles," not 180 miles. Now 118 miles was three miles short of the length of the present main line of road between Hobart Town and Launceston. Mr. SHERWIN: From Kangaroo Point. Mr. ALLISON: Well, supposing the line came to Kangaroo Point, it would only require a steamer for a short way to complete the distance. But it did not follow that the line laid down by Mr Sprent was the correct one, although Mr Sprent had stated that it was perfectly practicable. The length of that line was 118 miles, but for his (Mr. Allison's) part he thought he could indicate a line which was still shorter, and would open up a better country. That, however, was a question for engineers, and it will be for the committee and the House to consider these gentlemen's reports, and say whether the line would be reproductive. He moved that the committee consist of Messrs Horne, Walker, Davies, Murray, Rose, Haggitt, and the mover. Agreed to. THE STAMP DUTIES BILL. The ATTORNEY GLNERAL moved that tho clauso lecoived on tho prouous day by niessngo from His Etcollensy tho Govornor, atitlioi ising b inkers to issue and l c issuo unstamped notes on l cullerin.; accounts, and pajing composition \nd subjecting bankcis, neglect mg to muka account oi rendering falsa account, to a penalty of £100, bo substituted foi c1 tuses 7 and 8 of the bill Tho clause w i.s introduced at the request of the managers of tho banks, who wore apprehcnsivo that tlioy would have to pny duty on io issue« A roprosontii ¿inn li ivinç, been made to tho govoi uinent to that offeet, the government had mail« a rcpicseutitmn m the propel quarter, and His Excellency then lccoiiimondod a duty on tho uveiageof notes in circulation rather thin the issue He (tho Attoraoy Gouer ii) would tako the uppnr tuiuty of absolving his learned fneild, Mr Dobson, is that w as the most public manner in M Inch ho could do so fiom the consequences of an nil« jest of his (the Attoi ney Goncml's) own Ho (the Attorney General) lnd pioposod a fited duty of 2 per cent, and, of course, tho duty of drawing a clauso to give effect to that sng gestion had devolved upon lum, hut being engaged in tho Supremo Court ho li id requcsto 1 Mr Dobson to draw tho clauso, which that gentil man act ordingly did Wliou tho clause was objected to, he (tho Attorney Goi(oul) had sud that Mi Dobson was ii putty gentle man to gil o au opinion adverso to tho cliuse which ho had di ifted Tim truth was, that Mi Dobsou was lesponsiblo only for the mechanical drafting of tho clauso in accordance with tho instructions c,ivcn to lum Tho clause was igrecd to with n \cibal imondmont suggested by Mr Horne, as « cs also a schedule to gt\ o it clfcct rmviLECF Mr ALLISON rose to conectan error of tho pi ess, at which ho reallv felt \cry much »hockod when first ho read li. No doubt it lind ci opt in as an error, but he wa» mado to say that it appeared ni ovulonco that Mr Sams was drunk That was what tho paper made lum (Mr Allison) say (laughtei) lion members mieht laugh, but it was not a liughing mattet Ho (Sir Allison) had never saul so Ho hail nover dreamed of sucha thing AViiat ho had said was- (Laughter) Ho was ver) much griovod that such un eiror should ha\ o crept ni ^ Mr, GREGSON Oh, piss on to tho onion of the Ir ALLISON said tint bofoiotlmt was dono ho must set himself light What he had saul was tlint it had boon asserted that the cíptain of tho ship uns drank, but that tho evidonco was very contnidictory,nnd seomed to lum rathol to disprove tho statement Ho had nevei thought of making such n charge against Mr Sams, whom ho hail known so long, and whom he so much respeetod AKSFSTTO BIILS Tho COLONIA!. TREASURrR brought down a message fiom His Excellency, intimating that he hod given his assent to certain bills POSl OHIO 8WIS0S' BWKS Tho COLONIAL IREASUltERioso and saul that ho had íeceivcd a letter from tho Postmaster in référença to a statement repot te 1 m tho Meumy, as having beon mado in this Houso on tho pi o\ ions night, m the debat« on tho subject «f Post Offico S ivnigs' B inks '1 ho lion membor was proceeding to road tho lettoi, when Mi HORNE objected to tho reading of tho lotter as contrary to tho usage of Pinlininont Äftoi somo discussion on tho point of ordor, Ml DOUGLAS was addressing the Houso, when Mr GREGSON called limto order [Here what is usually termed a scene took place, and ultuimately . Mr DAVIES called the attention of the Speaker to the fact that there were strangers in the galleries Strangers (including the representatives of the press) wer according (at 5 minutes past 5 o'clock) required to withdraw, and were not readmitted until 8 p m , tho Houso having In the menatime adjourned for an hour for refreshments 1 EVENING SITTING. On the House assembling at 8 o'clock, MR, DAVIES called attention to the fact that stangers were present. The SPEAKER ordered the Sergeant-at-Arms to clear the House. The House was accordingly closed. Stangers were re-admitted at 12 minutes past 8, when tho House went into committee on the WASTE LANDS' BILL. Olaiiso 74. " Whore'crcdii Jfû? expired, time for pay- ment exUndml.'j Mr. DAVIES did not think there was any question arising out of tins clause beyond the mere filling up of tho date when the pre emptivo right should fall due. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the 3rd of April had been suggested, but it had since boon con- I siaered that the 31st March would beabetterday. The 30th clause was, however, standing over for the purpose j of amendment, and he should recommend that they I should go back to til» clause The ATTORNEY GENERAL suggested the follow- ing clause in hou of 36 as printed - lu every case in which any instalment of tlio purchase money of any land purchased on credit from the Crown containing more than 320 acres, is due and unpaid at the time of the passing of the Act, or will becomo due beforo the 31st day of March next, the period of credit shall be deemed and taken to bo extended to the samo day,-and m every case in which any instalment of the purchase moiioy of any land purchased on credit from the Crown containing not moie than 320 acres is now due, or shall becomo due on or before tho ¿1st day of March next, crodit for the said instalment and all the remaining instalments of the purchase money of the s ml land shall upon the application of the purchaser be extended, so that the said purchosei shall reçoive m tho whole three years additional credit upon his said purchase,-pro vided, howover, that the said purchaser shall pay to the Treasurer interest at the rate of eight pounds por centum per annum upon every instalment to win b such extension of credit shall apply, such interest to 1 o paul in advance, and provided also that no moro tliiiu one instalment with accruing interest shall bo demanded m one year, from a purchaser, and in every case m which such credit shall bo extended as hereinbefore Crovided, no forfeiture shall be deemed to have occurred y reason of any default having been made before the expiration of stich extended credit, and the land shall not be deemed to have reverted to tho Crown " Mr DAVIES said thus clause being in accordance with the report of tho conunitte»,lie should not oppose it Mr HORNE asked whethoi mtorest would lie charged upon payments made in regard to sections wlneh woio moro than 320 acres The ATTORNEY GENERAL explained that interest did not commence in regard to any sections until the 31st March next As he understood tho clause, no relief was intended to be given to persons holding over 320 acres, but as many of those persons wore in arrear and waiting the passing of this act, it was considered only fair that a reasonable time should be given to those parties to come forward and completo their original eontvacts The time would therefore bo extended to 31st March without interest Mr PERKINS asked if a person had moro than three hundioil and twenty acies, nnd could not meet his engagements, would they bo allowed to give up tho land over that amount and retain, say throe hundred and twenty acres with the improvements under tho extended credit cliusos * He knew that many pci sons had spout a gtcatdctl in improving thou proporty,aud it would bo unfair that they should havo to forfeit thoir homestead, With tho improvement Mr DAVIES said tt would Ira farcical to legislate for any one body of mon in this way In the oases referí ed to by the hon. member, the parties could make arrange monts to meet their engagements by piy 8 per cent interest Thov were bound to protect the crown estates and thay could not agree to any system by which they would bo jeopardised The bon moinber explained the way in which the persons referred to could obtain relief, and said he did not think the pnu ciplos of this clause should bo extended to coses beyond 320 acres Mr HORNE then understood that up to 320 acres credit would be extended to tho 31st March next with out interest, but mulei 320 ocros erodit would bo ex- tended for three years on payment of 8 per cent interest He thought this WOB fair onough Mr CHAPMAN asked if mterost would data from tho 31st Mareil, or from the time tho instalments were originally duo Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said ho contemplated that the mtorest would date fiom 31st March Mr PERKINS thought that nny person who paid 8 per cent to government should bo allowed to have ex tonded el edit It should not bo confined to 320 aero holders Mr Ii WIES oxplainod that the committee liad affirmed this principio to prevent traffickers and Bpecu lators foi seoking to tike advimt ige of this clause Tho desire was to assist the small holder Mr ALLISON said it lind been desired to assist thoso who were not in a position to borrow for themselves, and thoy thought that holders of laigei ateos tbau J20 aeies, coidd vety well afford to tnako arrangements to assist themselves It was not right tlut persons who could got money for themselves should be allowed to coll upon government to bonow money for them Tho clause was then put and passed Clauso 74 relating to lands held undor pre emptivo tight l emulations was passed, the Ust March next being fixed for tho clause coming into operation Clause 7*i, providing that persons who have complied with tho regulations may pinchase on credit Tho ATTORNEY GENERAL road the draft of in amendment to this clause which had tho effect of giving to pre omptivo light holders under coi tam mea, and who 1ml complied with the regulations, nil extended eiedit of three yeois The COLONIAL TREASURER could seo no reason whv the pre emptivo right holders should not come in uniler the credit clauses Ho did not think it right that the pre empttve right holders should bo placed on the s uno footing as thoso who liad p ud their instalments Mr DOUGLAS quite agreed with the romniks of tho lion tho Colonial Treisuier ho thought that instead of tlio word '"payment" the word "ront" should be sub stituted Those who had taken lands and paid for thom wero certainly in a position to pay the instalment Mi DAVIES did not ngico with tho lion member for Wostbuiy, or tho lion Colonial Tieismoi Itwiswoll known that at the present time the agi icultuial interests hod te contend with pcciiliiu difficulties, and it was the pre omptivo right hofdets of 100 acres that required io relief If tho pre omptivo right holde was unable to complete the couditions, what relief would it he to ask hint to bung in a largo sum of money to pay the first instalment under the credit clause What ho wished foi was this, that a pio empttve right holdei should eithei have the oppor tiunty of conting in midoi the credit clnuse, ot have the alternativo of paying 8 per cent tntoi est for thrco yo irs But in no case would ho extend tins oxcopt to liona pile holders, because ho was mfoi mod tint in tho Circular Hold district nn individual who wes absolutely a def i dtoi under the pro i inpttvo light regulations, mid yet was letting his lind out Ho (Mr Davies) was not prepared to nrîord tho slightest relief to such persons, and unless they complied with the pre- emptive right regulations or callie under the ciedit clauses, let thoir landa lovort to the ciowti Tho COLONIAL TREASURER could not soo why the pro omptivo right liohloi s wei o ontitlcd to furthei indulgence On looking over the list of 100 acre holdois ho found the nairn s of some of the 1 irgest pro prietors in tlu island, and ha did not nae the justice of thou claim lion lneinbets must recollect that thoy weio not legislating for a fow people, but foi the whole af tho colony, and thoy must take caro that tho tcveiiuo did not suffer Mt PERKINS proposed nn amendment granting tho present lessees under the pro omptivo right I emulations an extension of time for fivo } ears Mr ALLISON sud that the Col Treaamor ought not to think molo about his chest than ho did of the country He contended that tho pre emptivo light holders, up to 320 acres, ought not to be forced to come nullor tho 19th clauso He contended that in this case the rovenue wis a socoiidary consideration ami thoy ought to endeavor to rchev u thoso who had taken up to the extent ot <20 acres Mi ADAMS read a petition which had been pro seated in favor of au ovtonsiou of timo, which was signed by a grout number of persons some, of whom were rcsidenttn Hub irtTnwu,and tho others in tho Huon district These jwrsoiis li id in ide great improvements and hail plmted orchards, nnd lfthu proposition of the GolomidTroisurcr was insisted on thoy W4tild lose all tho benefits of thoir intpinvoments He should support the preposition of tho lion member for Kingborough Mr DOUGLAS said that nn doubt there would 1)0 exceptional cases, but as a whole, lie considered the pro positions of the got eminent to he most liberal Ml CH \PM VN said that if thoy gnvo an oxtonsum of three years, why uot place till on the same footing He could see no t íoson wlij the benefits should not lie extended up to 500 acres, and no olio could complain then Mr DAVIES saul tint thci" »es a distinction between tho ni in who w cut m for tho quiet enjoj meut of 10,000 acres and tho mut who wont in legitimately for 100 aei os foi ngiiculturnl purposes It was tlioso mon who required indulgence Mr HOHNE thought that the clauso as it stood, with a very slight altomtion, would bo quite sufficient to meet tho justice of the eise Ho saw no li it (ship in the man who occupied 7,000 acres at a nominal t ont, with tho right of purchasing 000 acres nt i.1, being required to como in umbi the etc lit clauso Mr CHAPMAN s ud that m tho caso alluded to bj the lion membei tho party would have p ud tho govom meut £12r> rent in Iii o years The pro emptivo right holdoi s ought to havo tho choice of thrco prepositions Ihoy might either pay 8 per cent nuciost for three jeirs ot thoy micjit take the land uuder chu crodit clauses, or thov might pay cash foi it Mr HAGGITT saul that theio was anothei modo of relief th it might he given to small holders, viz,, by putting thom nn the same footing as those who had pul chased agricultural lots Mr PÏ.RKINS thought that it would bo a grevwiig act of injustice to these neoplo if they compelled them to pay up by list March Let interest lie pud foi three years ïhey knev that it would I» no haidslup foi the rich man to pay up, lint thoy wero not peaking of such Ho regretted that linn mombrs did not attempt tu loyxlatc litorally with reytrd to those hard winking men Tliev gat e 10 years the othet night in regard to tim pastoral lands The COLONIAL TREASURER saul tint with re gani to pastoral lands poisins would not bo allowed to occupy tliein until the value was ascertained, mid then paj monts wore also half yeaily, and if default was made within a coi tam number of davs after the mono) becamo due the} would loso thoir i ight Tho proposition m tho bill wa» that thoso who could not pay under tho pro emptivo right regulations should hnvu tho benefit of the credit clause Mr. SHERWIN did not think that thoy should legislate for exceptional cases The clause was finally passed Mr PLKKINS projmsed tho introduction of a clause to the following offect -"Every person who having selected land for purehnso uudoi the said regulation«, and u ho personally occupies md has his homestead on the land so selected, shall ho entitled at any time before the Ust day of March next, ni before the purehnso money for the s ml land becomes payable, to nu extension of his lease uudcr the oiigiiinl conditions, dining a term not exceeding threo years Provided always th it every such Îlarson as avails himself of tho proponed extension shall orfeif. nil llgljt to tho fmtliei o( onp¡(t|qti of lund under the quiet onjoyiiiont ) ight Mr ALLISON thought tljat this clauso would not applv to certain di» ti ids where relief was wanted Mr PERKINS said that no reference was made to «nv district Mr ALLISON dosired to afford rehof to thoso who vyjitftfid It, an« tiould ),l9IW flip fallowing-" Thqsp who have taken bullís uudoi (ho iira-tjiiipuvo ugM regulations ra lots of not mot o than ¿JO noces »hall fie entitled to the samo extension of tuno mid credit ILS tiloso who have pm chased undei the di edit claUso " ill SHERWIN saul that the 75th clause embraced Uiofmenlinièntof M'ol'C« njenjlief, Mi ALLISON sahl that it dill not oxtenil the sow*, credit to tho preemptive light holders as to thoiio undâç the «redit clause, * ' Tho clauso proposed by Mr PERKINS having been road again, Mr ALLISON said that he objected to it Mr DAVIES said that tho committee had already adopted such a resolution It had been affirmed that occupation by a servant, and stocking, fencing, and im- proving should be considered as equivalent to personal i residence, for the purpose of coming within the 4th rule I of the pre-emptive right regulations The question waa whether, having extended the time, thoy should oxtend the privileges of quiet enjoyment He agreed with the proviso, and did not think that they should Mr ALLISON said that if they extended tho credit why could they not simplify the matter in the manner suggested by lum, which he would move as an amend- ment The CHAIRMAN Does the hon member proposo this os a now clauso ? Mr. ALLISON Yes The CHAIRMAN thought that Mr Porkms' motion was first be f oie the House After some f ui ther discussion, Mr CHAPMAN said that relief would be afforded by making a man pay 8 pet cent foi extension of time Mr DAVIE» moved that the Chairmau do leave the chair, and ask permission to lecommit clauses 72 and 73 at once House resumed The CHAIRMAN asked leave to sit again immediately to reconsider clauses 72 and 73 Leave given Committee resumed Clause 72 The ATTORNEY GENERAL proposed the addition of the words " or of having occupied the said land by servants only " Agreed to Clause 73 was passed as follows, one or two amend- ment having been mado -" livery person who having solected land foi purchase under the said regulations has complied with the terms ami conditions thereof so far as relates to the annual payments îefpured to be made by such person to the crown shall bo entitled to pin chuso the same upon the terms contained m the provisions of tho act relating to the puichaso of land on ciedit " Tho clan o proposed ny Mr PERKINS was tuon read as follows, ono or two alterations and additions having beeu mado -"Eiery person who having selected land for puichaso under the said regulations, ami who personally occupies and hies his homestead on tho lund so selected, shall bo entitled at any timo before tho 31st day of March next, orboforo the puichaso money for the s ud land becomes payable to au extension of his lease upon the ongiual conditions during n toi in not exceeding three years, paying annually interest on tho purchase money in ndvauco at tho rate of £8 per cent per annum, instead of auy rent thereon Piovided always that every such person as avails himself of the proposed extension, nindi forfeit all right to tho f urthei occupation of land under tho Qmot Enjoyment Right " Agreed to Clauso 74 Mr ALLISON said that thoy had given 10 years upon certain conditions to tho lessees, and ho thought that they should extend this to tho pre cmptivo right holders On clause 76 Mr ALLISON wished to know what would bo tho position of a person who had not brought his pro cmp- tivo right under the 19th clause. If such a person for- feited his pre omptivo right, and liavmg mado mee mi provomeuts upon it surrendered thom to tho government would ho bo also tumnd off tho test of his run » | Tho COLONIAL TRE VSURRR replied that such I persons would como under occupation licenses, and would have profeiontial claims to leases The clause wes, agreed to with a vol bal amendment Clause 77 was agreed to without amendment On clause 78, Mt DOUGLAS moved as an amoudment, tho inser tion of the woids " with the consent of tho Governor m Council" aftei the wold " Commissioner " The amendment was agreed to, aud the clauso, as amended was adopted On clauso 79, Mr DOUGLAS considered the power of ejectment too large to be vested in tho Commissioner Ho moved tho substitution for tho word " Commissioner" of tho words "Governor m Council," The A MORNEY SEVERAL lind no objectiou The amendment was earned, and the clauso as amended was agreed to Tho succeeding clauses, to 83 inclusivo, woio possédas printed On clauso 80, appropriating ona foutth of the land fund raised in each clectoial district to tho maintenance of main toads, Mr DAVIES movod that the blauk for a date ho filled with tho words 1st Januaiy, 1804 Agreed to The COLONIAL TREASURER moved thosubstitu tion for tho woids " minn rouls" of the words ' toads, tramways, jottios, wharves, and bridges " It was diffi cult to say what wes a mam toad Mr CHAPMAN held thal tho best pUn would bo to form a fund foi tho mamtonaiiro of roads, by setting apart say uno foin til of the land fund foi tho pin pose, and that a special nppropiiatum of tho amount should bo annually modo by pnihamont Othotwisc there might bo five or six districts in which land was sold, and which would nbsoib tho whole amount, le iving not a penny foi other disti lots llio COLONI AL 1RI3 \SORER sat I he had thought over tho matter n gie it deal, and ho lind boon mi iblo to nrrivo at any other plan than that proposed by which an cquifciblo distribution could bo nudo It was whore crown lands were sold that roads wero re quired although ho had a voiy able paper m his possos sion tho proposittoncontiimodin which was tnat thocrodit of tho couutiy should bo pledged to cany roads into tho unsettled distucts The papoi went on to statothnt the roads should bo so const i acted as to open up roads through the ciowu lands tlnttlio lands abutting on the roads should then be sol I and the money applied to io ducing the debentures and so on Ask the lion mombotfoi Devon s opinion ( Mi Davies I quito agree with you ) Vnd that lion member would say spend tho money m Devon Ask tho bon memboi for Min ven,nnd that lion member would s ty siieiiditiu Moi veil What hosuppnscd wies intended was, that til« lund sales of Olio jeal should bo tho basis of tho road exponditine of the next Ho found that last yen tho land sold in tho dish let of Richmond a nnuiitcd to ¿1,512, hut in tliatdistnct thoic wore bush louis not so boil as the mule louds in many places A chaise cirt could bo dinon o. oi thom with out being absolutely bogged wheicas ho knew of n caso where potatoes h id lotted in tim 3ioiiud al Joiusalom foi want of ma Is to coiivey them to market Mi W S SHARLAND cnqimcd how tho lion inombci arrived at his figures The COLONI VL TREASURER replied thnt ho took tho iotnins of tho hind fund foi 18u2 Sottiug tho hundreds aside, ho found that m Clarence tho propoi tionwisl That disti lot hail loads to Richmond and I) ist tho causeway and had au extensive watoi froiitngo leude Iiiliriglitontliopiopoition waits, uiliaiiklui2b mKiiigboiorigil23, and soon lu O itliiuds tho piopoition was 75, and hore was ono of the finest dist nets m tho island, yat it was in the samo state tinco years ago as when ho lind been over it tim ty > ears ago, being nearly inaccessible In Dovon tho piopoition was 105,yet not withstanding the hugo propoi tion of the land fund do nvod fiom tint dis tuet, it was soi ion fal to sec tho letters which ho recoiled fiom that lo-iihtj, some of them only on tho picwous day Ono account wes that tho English mad was received «avon days behind its time, another that tho witter had to keep two horses to do tho woik of ono foimerly, and that the ownerhad neuly lost his hfo in tiymg to cress a liver Tho bon meuibei proceeded to cite tho propoi turns couti lbuted by val ions localities to the land fund foi the yeal m question, concluding with Hobart Town 4, mid Launceston 12 Devon lind received its full altnro of road expenditure, but the district hld not derived the advantage it should, because tho money wies not laid out under a propel system Hu was satisfied that tho £400,000 propose 1 to ho expended on tho Doloraino i ulw ty woidd be more profitably laid out upon ordinary io ids Hie n0ht principia was to distribute the money as neirly as possible ai longst tho districts whence the laud fund was dei i veil, and then there would be no need foi going cip in hand to the executive, with « bom, if tho applicant luippoiicd to ho m favor ho would obtain his graut, but otherwise ho would not Mr CHVPMAN would go with the bon Treasurer to a certain oxtcnt, lint ho would modify tho ptoposal of tho government to tho extent that d I from tho land fund should bo fciven foi eicry shilling i used by uasoss nfnt in euch distuct, which would only take ¿ti,00) fiom tho land fund, tho reniaindci of tho fund to bo appropriate I to tho respective districts in wlpch it W11 raised by the « do of land De\ on, tho Huon, and othei distuots, now noglectcd, and in which land had nlrcadv been sold, would thou ¡,ct their fun share of tho lind fund The COL 'IREASUItrit saul that ho agreed m this proposal of tho lion menibei Ml SHEltWiN complained t'nt the distuct which ho ra* resented and which wies the richest fin ming dis ti ict of tho colony was minni» oaclinblo People i csuting in it within 20oi 30 miles of Launceston luid to go l>0 oi 70 milos to got to market, and even thoa thoy could only gat there in fnvoi-nblu woathoi Ml CHAPMAN pointed out that Ins pioposul would just meet the cuso put by the lion member Mr DAVILá thought tho clause as it stood most equit ildo although when he lind li id a conversation with the linn inembci foi Campbell Town, ho was inclined to falLin with that bon member's views Ho luid, l¡ow over, sinco considered the mattei moro fully, nqd he saw that tho effect of that pioposal would Tio to tako inonej from largo and noglected disti icts for tho benefit of thoso in which all tho impiovemoiits liad been earned out m days gone by It hail been truly saul that Devon mid the Huon had been much neglected, for although Devon had yielded n largor land revenue than the whole colony be sides with tho oxception of Hobart J own and Launceston llio whola of the communications ofthat dist net were now «topped foi want of ¿100 or ¿400 to replace the bridges carried awaj by tho late floods Tho lion the Treasurerwus light in saying thnt whero money win expended on roads in n district, it would increase popu lation, hut it seemed to bo forgotten that there would . boan omuhtionasto how tho Ci own lands i ovenue s'^,,,)],! bo raised to such an extent as to entitle district,, to")ar »e I grants Tho sixponcc in the pound spoko^ of |,y tjj0 lion mombor for Cnmpboll Tow u would '"«deo IQQ ,m,c|, from disti icts which ¡nul conti il» ¿ed ]leaylu to tJl0 land fund ahddy Where ron ,s WOro laid down and other improvements madu a fiactiounl part of the ex pondituio was not iwpinod as in districts in which tho forest hud ouly just been opened, and thore was scarcely such nn opening us w is nccessiiiy foi transit Ho argued moro especially with regard to Ins own distuct Take the Qnoonborough ihsti ict foi mst nice, whoro thoy had their pleasure iliivos and fine louds, and thu same nt Sandy Baj and Biown's Rivoi He cortninlj thought it was not fair that tho money raised in ono distiiQt should bo expended m keeping un tho roads 11 other dutficU, ospernnlly >thoii Oic-oo loads wore so good «ompared to tho read» m uthei distncla A man could not now como down fiofn Doloraino to Lntrohe hi a day, tho read wies so b id, and his life would pia bnbly bo imperilled several times during tho journey Ho thought each district should suppôt t its own toads Ho behoved this wies n most equitable clauso, and would gn o satisfaction to t very disti mt, Mc SHA ULAND tliougl|t tl|Q proposition oi tho lion meinboi foi Campbell Town was quito a fair ono, Tjlû hou iiioinuoi dlustnitod ti o cases of Now Norfolk mid Hamilton, mid said that tl|oio were of course dish lets where thoro wn» very little land for salo mid they would of couisei.oritrib.uto; voiy llttla to 4|u¡| fund. In Hw luqutiy wa« applied generally ^wtgli^fhsi^^jeMjii^gway piopo«6.d. ft .«pudd Mr, CHAPMAN illustrated li" pmnas'twn, hy «jhn«. ng tho amounts which tho various districts would be likely to rccoivo by each system. Ho believed his pre- position would be found to be most advantageous. After some further discussion the clause was passed as ^amended and with tho following addition " The sold fund shall bo applied to assisting tho several road districts in the island, with a contribution there- from of un amount equal to sixpouco iu every shilling raised in such districts by assessment for road purposes, and the balance of such (und shall be paid and applied for the purpose mentioned in section 80 in such manner as may be provided by regulations to bo made from time to timo by the Governor-in-Council in the soveral police and municipal districts, from which the said fund is to be raised." Clauses 87 to 91 being merely formal clauses wore passed without amendment. Clause 3. Referring to the revoking of reservations for loads which had been postponed wits now read as amended. Mr. CHAPMAN objected to the principle of putting theso rood reserves up to auction, Ho thought tho pur- chasers of tho land should have tho powor of purchasing them by private contract. The clause in reference to aale by auction, was excised and the clauso passed as amended. Clause 42. Passed as amended. Schedule. Passed as printed. The preamble and title were agreed to. The House then resumed, and the CHAIRMAN re- ported the passage of the bill with amendments. The COLONIAL TREASURER moved that the amendments be taken into consideration on the next day of sitting. Car.-ied. REPRESENTATION OP MOHMOND. Mr. DAVIES desired to put a question to tho bon. Speaker. It was rumored in the Houso that the bon. member for Richmond (Mr. Gregson) had resigned. Ho should like to know if the report was correct. The SPEAKER replied that the lion, member for Richmond lind addressed a letter to him, forwarding his resignation ; he had, howovor, informed tho lion, mout- her that the course he lind taken was not in order mid that he must forward his resignation to His Excellency the Governor. ADJOURNMENT. Mr. SHERWIN would now movo the suspension of the standing orders to enable him to mako a motion without notice. Carried. Mr. SHERWIN would now movo that tho Houso on its rising adjourn until 4 o'clock on Monday noxt,instead of Tuesday. Curried. The COLONIAL TREASURER then moved imme- diate adjournment, and the House adjourned at twenty minutes to oue o'clock, until four o'clock on Monday noxt. 'THE SULTAN INCOO-The Levant Herald of May 28 publishes the following amusing iucident con cerning tho Sultan, reminding one of Haroun Alrnscbid's perautbulatious :.-*. Tho Sultan was, two ovuningB back, the hero of a small adventure, which, with the addition of a- few imaginative touches, might be made to read Uko au episode of the Arabian Nights. His Majesty, dressed in tho common uniform of a binibuslii, crossed quite alone from the KasBiai Pasha to the Fanar in a one-pair caique. Ho proceeded to a casino called Kil-bouruou, and, calling for a cup of cofl'ee.soon got into conver- sation with the Greeks and Armenians at his own and the adjoining tables. It was noticed that he spoke very freely, and not over reverently, of tlio Sultan nnd the Ministers, inviting frank expression of opinion ns to both. His fellow-customers spoke out ns freely as the bimbashi himself, and uttered some doubtful complimenta of more than one holder of a portfolio, but gonerally expressed their convic- tion that Fuad and A'ali Pashas were ' the right men in the right place,' while the Sultan himself was universally admitted to be a " capital fellow.' In the midst of all this free criticism a certain well-known aaraff sauntered into tho room and ut a glance recognised the stranger. The secret was soon common property, and i the chango of manner towavda tho bimba*hi [ was surprising. His Majesty saw that he was discCTired, but pretending ignoranco, con- tinued his questions ; in vain however, for tho answers now given wero lavish praise of everybody and everything from Buyukdere to tho Seven Towers. Ho then boldly asked if tho company know bim. Of course not no one presnt had the ghost of a notion who tlioEH'endi was, though lim general impross'ou was that he deserved not to be a more bimbashi, but Sei-dar Ekrom or SeraBkior at least. He then pulled out of his pocket a bad lithographie portrait of himself, and asked if it was like him. Staferellah ! it vvas dirt, while he was an Adonis ! Tiiat was enough. His Majesty thou rose to leavo, but forget to pay for his coffee j the cavojeo, bowovor, was so bosido himself that ho hardly know whether to ¡tisis1, on payment or to serve tho wholo company gratis. It ended in the Sultan setting out accompanied by tho cavejee and everybody else, to walk to the old bridge, where his suite and a con pi o of tho Palace caiques werd awaiting him. Boforo embarking, his MujcBty turned to his lato boon- companions and thanked thom for their remarks on men and thiuga.which ho assured thom ho would not forget." ROMANCE OP REAL LIFE.-The Civil Tribunnl of tho Seine yesterday gavo judgment in an action brought by tho heirs of Pierre Loustauiiau.foniierly Konornlissimo of the annies of the Mahrattns in the East Indies, against tho repräsentatives of M. Lipino, jeweller to Napoleon I., to recover tho sum of 6 O.OOOf., the value of 11 ruby which Geuerul Lonstaiinan had entrusted for salo to M. Lepine. The plaintiffs also demanded damages to the amount of 200,000f. In opening tho case, the counsel for tho plaintiffs gave a long account of tho adventures of Pierro Loustaunau, who was a native of a village at tlio foot of tho Pyrenees, which he left whon quite a young man, in 1777, dunns tho excitement caused by the American War of Independence, with tho intontion of seek- ing his fortune in America. Not being able however to find a vessel for that destination, ho took his passage to tho East Indies, 011 1-o.ird a ship carrying an onvovfi'om the King of France, charged to con- clude, with an Bist Indim potent» te an offonsive and defensive alliance ngainst the English, and landed at a port in tbo Mahratta territory not fur from Bombriy.ThoEiiiperorofthoMahrattasIiadjustbeeii assassiuatod, and two princea disputed the throne, otto of whom was supported by tlio French and tho other by the English. Loustaunau immediately determined to join the former, and obtained a letter of recommendation from tho French envoy. His offered services wero doclinod 011 account of his youth. He then determined to servo a* a volunteer, and in the e'ourso of tho war he distinguished himself so much as to bo intrusted with the command of a detachment, at tim bend of which he gained an advantage over tho English, for which tho Priuco rowarded him with a horse richly capnrisotted, and a sum of 5,030 rupees. Hu afterwards obtained a high command, and greatly contributed to tho suc- cessful issue of an important battle, dunns which he lost his loft haul. Hu had a silver hand made to replaça it, aud the very first timo ho appeared at the hoad of his troops with this new hand, an Indian priest, falling on his knees before him, declared that the will of fate was accomplished, for that au ancient prophecy had declared that tho Mahratta Empirn would attain the highest dogreo of powor when its armies should bo commanded by a strangor from the far weRt with an invincible silver bund. From that tinto Loustounau was regarded as tho first subject in the empire, and bc-cimo generalissimo. Ho held that high post for 18yoars, during which he amassed immonso riches. Tho love of his native land, however, was still strqng within bim, and ho resolved to return hoine. Ho accordingly transmitted his fortune, amounting to about 8,"ÖQ,0OOf., to Franco through a uiorchniit of Chandernngoe, and soon aftor took his dopni'turc, receiving na a farewell gift from tho prince tho very ruby for tbo recovery ol' which tho present proceed- ings were instituted. On leaving India his good fortune abandoned hint, for.ufter narrowly escaping shipwreck, he arrived MI Franco to find that his eight millions, which had boon converted into a.sslg nats, woro then worth only 220,0C0f. With this rom nnnt he bought some ironworks near tho Spanish frontier, but his establishment was destroyed, in 180S, by Spanish guerillas. Ho thou came to Paris to sell bia goms, and intrusted, tim ruby In question to M. Lepine, Qn his re til ni to the Pyrenees, ho was unptnred liy some Spanish par- tisans and detainee] for ii long time a prisoner in a small island of the Mediterranean, from which he at last escaped by swimming to a passing va?* bound for tho Levant. Ho landed in S.v' -,ej there becama insane, and was kindly ? . -**» tt,,ll wealthy merchant. Ho soon rec- -'««tod by a but when bo rolatcd his hist' _ "-'fred his senses, thought bim as mad as «. _ .."£. aU ?vl'° hoard it however, and was P- ''F: Ho wrote to France, both of thom v "ion .I0"10'1 by his son, and S ,1 ? .?«». ¡"t'-oduced to Lady Esther took a - Va0' bc!"B a thor- ' " to tll0,n, bficaUB0 »ho thought , J was somo mysterious connection between -i«' star and Loustaunau's. The young mau died 1 two year* before Lady Stanhope, and nt her death General Loustaunau was resoivod into a French charitable establishment, whore ho remained till his decenso. His representatives are now in tlio depth of poverty, nnd reclaim the deposit made by thoir ancestor. Tho counsel for tho defendants ad- mitted that the ruby lind boen intrusted to Lupino, but declared that wbou ostimited by competent judge«, it was found to bo worth only ftOQjf., n% which prio3 it had bonn purchased as a" present for tho Empress Josepbino am\ tho proceeds had been paid cither to Lomstnimnit himself or his creditors Kven had \t no1, been, no, the plaintiffs' claim could not, bo m,aintaineil,aB it was barroil by the statute of limitations. Tho tribunnl took this view of tho ciseand rejoetedtbe plaintiffs' demand.-Oaiiniiuiii's Messenger. STONEWALL JACKSON.-HO had pnfound «onric tiona in tho certain success ofhard fighting, and so it was that when ho was summoned to councils of war wUira qtralegy was discusBod, ho fell into placid 8|eop, aud when ho wat> awakened ho was wont to. ask, '* Is it decided wo aro to attack ?" If the answor was in tlienogativo Ire grunted, put his hands into his pockets, and walked off. If ia tho affirmative», his wholo manner was altered, ' His ©ye, dopp-set and dark, Vghtoned u r,willi'honds'clnspcd pv.ar ona knee of his longshaiuUiii'j/'log*, he listonad eagerly, to tho'idea of tho movoiuent to bo'under M% *M W6 th'olast words" liaU'diedilivay ho was ready io «secuto the mission confided to hiui. 