MISCELLANEA. T8tJE OROSTS ASD DREAM3. (Vnm tlw nVfVjr Empirt) Sim. CttPPitBB Doeh**, who has a mat ia the wigiib.mrhood --f Durham, mi»«d liis gardener, who. it wa« su|tposel, had fallen into the river I'eta, bia hat aud nick tuviug been f.»uinl near the water ride. From that time up to Fri-Uy uf the f..ll»*ii'g week, the river had Ueeti dra^gel every day, but every effort f-o made to find the body proved ineff--cttia'. Oil the night of lYurs -lay, liowt-ver, a percuu named Awile, residing at little Durham, a small village, H'nut four \ ntilra from Wjclill', ili'eumt that tiiiiilli (tlie t missing man), was laid under the !clje --t a cmtain rock, ab nit three honilred yar«U bu'ow ! Wiinrlton HriJge, ' jnd that his r gi,t r.r;n w..s I broken.1' Awde got up early ou Friday, and liii dream had euch an effect U|v-,: hint that lie j detfrmined to go anJ search tlie riv--r. He j accurdni|(ly started off for tlut purnow, withuut nientivning the mntter, being fifiHiJ tlmt he would be laughed at l-y hit neighbour*. N'evir tliclest, on hia arriving at the boat linnic, lie Jisulosed hid oliject, on llie man asKiiiff him for what purpose lie required tlie bo it. Us rowed to tl.e spot he had seen iu his dream, ami there, Dtrange to say, upoj the very fir«t trial that he made with his boithook, hit pulldJ up the body of the unfortunate man with his right arm ac tually broken. Reviewing all that ! have a-lv.tncj-l, it appear* to me that there- ore two dtwideraU, which |-rt*»- ingly require to be nov au|-| tier). First, nrc one itiouM take the piins of untliootic iting at the time and putting on permanent rucnnl etoiies like tr.e above, to be at the Herviu! of future speculitlors. lint secondly, eo immeiim* ami well atti'SteJ ere tho»e already current, that the bi in-;- iug forward iuto lig'it of «an-e pri-ioinle by wlticli ! thiy may he bIiovvii to be nntmul cvvnt* i« no v I puremptorily called for. To loaii to llie iiupply | of the second desideratum, I [r.ceo.l tu nittuiioii 3 pliy^icul plienoimuien, nhivh, fiom time to tiiiio ?ccnrrcd to the l-te hiatmian and nori--i.-t. lleimicli Z«!i ikke. It id drscriho-l hy him in a sort of autobiography, entitled Si/lbntscliau, whicli he pnlili-liuJ a few years ng». It wia oniy in the year 18jO, that Z-icUukie iliwd, luv.ug attui.iod a gaol ol I ngr. M.-iily . Ivroiiglit into pulilic ife in the troiibltM of Switzerland, and Afterwards iiiaiiitiinii'g hid place in public consideration l-y liii nuinerous writing', ha \v*s |crdonillv wi.lelv known : he wn universally imtoumed a man of strict veracity and integrity. He writes tli us of liimsi-lf : — ' Ift'ie reception of ho many visitors wad eoinetiinei troiib'i;-o nc, it repaid itself occifioiially, eitlii-r by making mo Acqu 111. ted with remtrkat-le piTir.n.ig-M, or l-y bringing out a wonderful sort 1 f seer gift, wliicli I culed my inwurd vision, m.d wliicli lus nl ways remained ao enigma to 111 \ I um iilmost afraid to say a word upon this mljeot, n^t for fear of the imputation of being Hiiprrittitiniw, bi:t lest I should encourage that -li--;;:nitioii in othitr«; and yet it furins a contribution to psy chology. So to confes*. It id acknowledged that the j iidgment which we fnrm of ft rangers, on first meeting them, i* frequently more correct than th.it which we adopt ti|'ou a longer ac quaintance with them. The first impression which, through an iimtinct of the soul, attacks one towards, or repels one from onothnr, beconofl after a time, more dim, and is we iltcncl, uitiier tlirougli lua appearing other than at fii-t, or through our bssoming accuitotned to him. I'eoplo (peak, too, in refereuce tu sued ca^g of involuntary fjinpnthies and aversion*, nnd attach a special cert.\inty to hucIi iiiniiifestalinni in children, in whom knowledge of 111.111 k i :xl by fx perience id wanting. Others, ag.i ', uru in credulous, and attribute all to physiognomical ?kill. But of myself, it lian liaiipcued tn mr occasionally, at the firat meeting wild a total stranger, when I have been listening in t-iloi:c'' to his convtrsation. that liii past life, uiito the present moment, with many minute circum stances belonging to one nr otliar particular scene in it, has come across me like a dream, but dis tinctly, entirely, involuntarily, and unsought, occupying in duratiou a fow minutes. During lliia period I am usually so plungn I into tlie re' presentation of the ttranger'a life, that at liHt I neither continue to see distinctly he face, on which I fat illy speculating, nor to hear in telligently hi* voics, which at first 1 was u*ing as a commentary to the test of his physiognomy. For a long time I was disposed to consider these fleeting vitious as a trick of the fancy : lite more so that my dreanvvwion displayed to me the drea« nnd movements of the actor*, the appear ance of the room, the furniture, and other acci dents of the scene ; till, on one occasion, in a gainesumu mood, I narrated to my family the ?tecret history of a aempstresH, who had just be fore quitted the room. I had never seen the person before. Nevert'ieleos the hearers were astonished, and laughed, and would not l-e per oiiaded but that I dad a previous acquaintance with the former life of the person, inasmuch as what I had stated was perfectly true. I was not lest astonished to find tint my dream-vision agreed with reality. I then gave more attention tu the subject, and, aa often as propriety al lowed af it. I related to those whose lives had ?0 passed before me the substance of my dream vision, to obtain from them its contradiction nr confirmation. On every occasion its confir mation followed, not withuut imaesment an the part of those who gave it. I»ca«t of all, couM I, myeelf, give faith to these conjuring tricks of my mind. Every time that I described to any one my dream-vision respecting him, [ confi dently ecpected htm to answer ft was not so. A secret thrill always came over me when the listener replied, M it happened as yon * ay ;' or wlien before be spoke, bis astonishment betrayed that I was not wrong. Instead of recording many instances, I *Jtatl give one whicli, at the time, taaaa a atreag impression npon me. On a fair day, ( went into the town «-f Waldehu. as «ra|-aai«i€ Ity two young fore*t«r* who are ntill stive. It was evening, aad tired with our walk, tatMtt late an inn called the Vine. We took M? tapper with a namenms company at the pttUw table; wbea it happened that they made tin— rives merry over the pecali unties and *inv ftteity af tfae Swiss, in connection with the be CM n SMStteritV lATtter's phyaingnomical s/sista ami the fte. One of my companions, *t»sa aitiaasl sjrUa »as tnaeued t»y thwr I r«ilsrjrt btggti «aa la mak* aosai tvr4y, par tiiiiatjyia asattiM t» a yawqr tean of.u,«rior \- afSjatiiHnL whatct appoatta, and bad indulged 4a twifairrsiati rtfttate. It ittpfMwd that the WlstaakCtUsMcytataM's libh«d j«st previ' 1 ill) yum fctiVra m§ mbA. 1 bnwel t» hiai mm-m jlllltii ..srfcttber h* waaial apply to ^i^^^HasaiB&BWHE;^awla^B^taltf ^^^^^^^^^^SSSjiiaMa^^^aB* » HasWwii ftiliHI'1 'mil * 111!' ii namted the treats with which my dreaqf viiion had funii-slijd inpt atxl the t.ible learnt the lii-ti-ry of Mic young trade-in ui'd life, of hu ?wltool years, hi* f«-ci»dJI«M, sad final I), of a little act of roguery e-minitt^d by him o-i the strong l»ft of hii e-njiluyer. 1 described tbt- uiiiulMOite 1 roifii wiili itt white walla, where to the right of i lie iirow'i duor, there ba-l stojd npon the -*Me the mm i U tck ranin-y. eliest, &c.; Ailead filuiuv reigned ia the CMiipanr during tltid rtciu', i .ttjrru-|-tuJ only wlipo 1 ccca«ionally , a-ke-l if 1 xpoka the trutli. T'jr. iihiu. mucii struck, admit ed the corn-ctnes* of each circum' Btanue — eveu (whicli 1 cwiiM nut i-xucct), of the la-t. Touched witli bi- fr.nikne-'*, 1 reached nty my lund to him acroSi tlie tadli-, and tl--tc4 Diy iianativc. lie a-kdd my na.-n\ wliicli 1 gave Inui. \V J sat up late in the uiglit converging. lie may be alive yet. Now 1 can «eil imagine how a lively imagination ui-u!d |iiclure, romance fashion, from the obviom c'lnrauter of a person, how he would conduct bini-elf under givuu cir cuin lance-'. I3nt whence Ciine to me tlie in voluutiry knowledge of arc-s-isory detail', which wero without any sort if interest, a.id resj'ected peo|ili', k'Iio fur tlie mojt part wire utterly in different to i»c- W:tli wham 1 it-ither had nor wi-.li lo have, the tliglile-t nseoiiatiou f Or wa' it iu euch ci*e a mere cuincidencj f Or had the listener, to whom 1 described bis history, eacli time other images in bis mind than the acces* sory ones of uiy story, but, in surjiii-e at t'ie es* eential reseiuliljnce of my story to tlie truth, loxt eight of the points of itift*rence f Yet 1 have, in consideration oftnia poi»ibe source of error, eeveral lime* taken p-ains to describe thu moit trivial ciii'nuittances that my drcanrvi-io i has sliown me. ' No- nnotlier word about this strange seer gift, wliiuli I can fiver wag of no use to me iu a single instance, which mauift»teil itself occa sion Jly only. Mid quite independently of any volition, and uftcn in relation to persons iu whnee lii-tory, 1 took not tlie. slighted intere«t. Nor uin I the only one in pog»et.'-io» of thi* fuc.ilty. In a journey with two of my ton*, I fell iu with an old TyroUse who travelled nbuut celling Icuious and oral gc, at the inn at Untir ImirrKlcio in one of tlie Jura i-asees. lie fixed hU oves for ciine time on me, joined in our con* vcrsalinn, o!ps'ii vud tint titou^-i 1 did not know bin: hu knew m-', an I begin to describu my acts and deeds to lliu no [itilu atiiuscineiit of tin. peasant mil BHtoiiit-liti-cnt of my children, whom it iiilurestcd to learn tliat auotluT jiosseasod the s;i'jie gift as their father. How the old lenon inurcliant a acquired Ms knowledge, he wis un able lo ixpUiu to hiiuself nor to mo. Hut Iu seemed to attach great importance to bis hidden wisdom.' * j In tliu newness of sued knowledge, it is north while to note separately each of tne particular^ whicli iittende I tlie manifestation of thi- otrange meiil:-.l faculty, with his account of which Zsclii'kku lias enriched psychology. 1\. Then, after tlie power of looking up tbe entire rt'cui'eciioiis of another, through some otlicr channel tliuu ordinary inquiry and obser vation — and as it teemed diitctly, we may note — 2\. The rapiditv, minntene^s, and precision, wliicli cliiracterirttd the act of inspectiou. 3\. The feeling attending it uf becoming absent or lost to What km y 'ing on arouud. 4\. Its iiiv^luutariuussund unexpeetxlnoss. ti. Iu bviug practictbli; cm some only ; *nd C. Tlio-v, eutiro Htr.iiiger* and their first in terview with the Si.'cr. ? Z .uh'ikkn r, .1.1 n f.i«n.| of mine «t Fr.ukfor-, in 1847\. ►h.rily Lnforn til- ilpnth, whk-h took plaoa -t »n Bitai.c-1 nee, time in the hiier ymr* ol ill* ilfs the aecr'ijilt Imu uever rainiftttud itself 