VJOiOKTA. [From our own Correspondent.! ■Melbourne, August S. Sir James Palmer has been appointed lo the Education Board, vies Griffiths. l'iie liiilway Management Uili has pas-.ed the Assembly. The object of the mcusure is to enable Government to leaBe the lines. 'Ihe Council's amendments in the Immigra tion and Local Government Bills have been agreed to. The Chief Secretary is to be asked on Tues day whet. steps the Ministry proposed to ta'.t lo vindicate members of Parliament from scandals. The matter has been brought before the House by Sir. RfcLillan. The vote for a plated ship for defences has beeu struck out. The brig Julia is likeiy to be saved. I From the Telegraph. J Le Souef xb to be appointed Usher of the Black Bod. In the case of Hodgkinson v. Ciough, judg ment has been given tor the plaintiff, damages £1,500, subject to the receipt of certain evi dence ; the amount to be £4,000 if that evidence is not forthcoming. fFrom our own Correspondent. | • MeiOourue, August 10, All disposition to do business is quite checked by the mail news of heavy shipments to the colony. Private advices from Sydney lead to she belief that the markets will be affected by pres sure from the Banks. The brig Julia is ashore a wreck. [From the Telegraph. I There have been no shipments of gold during the week. The captain of the Norfolk reports being boarded by the 'Confederate war steamer Georgia. They had captured six Federal ships, and intended cruising in the neighbourhood el Trinidad. (From our own Correspondent. J Melbourne, August 11. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill has been read a second time. Mr. McLellan has given notice of motion in the Legislative Assembly, " That a f-ea Parliament exists only in name, and that further legislation is dangerous to the liberties of the people until measures are taken to protect their representatives against squatters, agents of sqoatters, and secret Associations." The notice was received with laughter. The Government will take no notice of Mr. McLtliau's late motion. It is stated that Knight, Coroner of S\ Kilds, and Fox, who is clerk to Mr. Micbie, are liseiy to be nominated as Emigration Agents under the new Bill. The scientific ghost has been produced with success at t)i8 Haymarket Theatre. Dr. McAdam has given notice of motion for one thousand, pounds for the preparation of a narrative of the Victorian Exploration Expe-. dition. Melbourne, August 12. The Nortbam arrived this momiug. Her passage was protracted by easterly gales and a. heavy sea. Mr. Henles moved the second reading of the - Land Amendment Bill in a long and ineffective Little interest iB shown by the public in the question of Ministerial pensions. The Parliament has left the question to the de cision of the Supreme Court, by arrangetnenr. after a long debate. The weather is cold; there was much ice this morning. Melbourne, August 13. The debate on the Laud Bill is postponed till to-morrow. Little interest is shown ou the subject. No quorum attended in Assembly this even ing. McClellan's motion as to there being no . free Parliament in Victoria was on the Notice paper. Casey has been elected for Mandurang. Ireland is appointed as Queen's Counsel. Tobaccos are unsaleable. Business of all kinds is very flat. Best butter, Cork brand, which threa weeks ago sold for I5d., has to-day fetched only 7d. Melbourne, August 1-4. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill was read the third time. The Legislative Assembly are now discussing the Land Bill. * An Immigration Board is being formed to advise immigrants on their arrival iu cue colony. The Government are likely to entertain Dr. McAdam's proposition to grant £1,000 for writing and publishing a history of Victorian exploration. Great floods have taken place at Deniliquin; the rivers rose 40 feet. The bridges have been swept away, so that the mails cannot pass. 