CHARLES ICEAN. The Life and Theatrical Timesof Charles Kean, F.S.A., including a Summary of the English Stage for the last fifty Years, etc., etc . Hy J. W. Ccile. 2 vols : London. No timo more appropriate than the present can bo urged to lay before our renders a few cxtraols from the above interesting nnd kindly- written work, relative to the career of an actor who lias played so distinguished a part on the Bingo, especially as he is now probably within a fow weeks' sail of Melbourne. Mr. Koan iias earned for himself a lasting lame by the complete manner ia wliioh ho has produced many of the creations of tbe immortal bard, at the Princess's Theatre, London, during tho many brilliant seasons of his management, which met with the highest oulogiams from those best able to form a oerrcet opinion of Bach matters. The arohmo- logical researches and pictorial embellishments of the different plaja were entrusted to gentlemen of profound learning in their respeotire Uopart- moute, nod the costumes of tlio poriod woro always carefully studied, so as to prcseat to the eyes of tho audience a correct notion of tho stylo of the different countries in which tho action of the plays Joy. That Mr. Kcan'a efforts have been the means of elevating tho drama, there oan be no doubt, and, consequently, no wonder nood be oxpressed at tho many costly testimonials which havo been presented to this great artist by tlie most distinguished and loarned ol society. The present Kean has contributed mach to tlie olevntion of a study which ids father made groat, and which has lost nono of its lustre In the hands of the son. "Wo now proceed to extract a few of ths prin cipal important events in Mr. Kcan's eventful life "Charles Kean was bora at "Waterford, Ire land, on the 11th of January, 1811. Tile date of his birth falls within the period whioli lias boon called by a haoknoyed (tail pidautig phrase, ' the palmy days of the drama.' According to the census of 1811, London, ill Its extended oapacily, thon contained 1,008,5-16 inhabitant-. There' wero within this boundary cloven theatres ; three with what WofP considered perpetual patonts: Drury Latio end CoVeut Garden unrestricted as to tiino ; tho Haymorket open in tho eununcr months; and eight minors limited to certain pe- iuds and performance-. In this list tho Italian Opera House is not included, being thon, us now, looked upon in the light of an exotic oxcoption. In i860, tho popu'ationof this ovor- grown metropolis approaches two millions and a i.nlf, and has more than doubled within forly- eigi,/- years ; while, despite tho atippocd oouoter- aoting influences, tho number of places ia wliiob, under various names, stngo representations aro given, nmouiilat least to twenty- eight." Mb. KBAN'S EARLY EDUCATION. " In 1820, Charles Kean waa deaoatchcd te school, nrenaralory for Eton College. His father resolved to give him a good education, an ad vantage which lie fully appreciated, though It had not fnllen to his lot. l'bo boy was sent to hs preparatory school of Mr. Styles, at T'hamos Ditton, nnd was subsequently placed under tlie llov. E. I'elobampton, at Worpleeden, iu Surrey, and afterwards at Greonford, noar Harrow. At this seminary he remained several years — thenum- bor of scholars boing limited, nnd principally oomposod of noblemen's sons. In June, 1821, ho entered Eton us an ' Oppidan,' his f atlior fix ing his allowanco tor beard and education nt j£3Q0 por annum. His tutor wns tho Rev. Mr. Chapman, since Bishop of Colombo ; Dr. Good- all. provoBt ; and Dr. Keato, hoad maator. Ho remained at Eton tliroo years, being placed as Iti.rii aa the rules of tbo institution, having reference to age, would allow. When takeu away ho was in the upper division, and had ob tained cnnaidorahlo oredit by his I.atin verses," " Tlie future career of tha young adventurer fce.'ng now marked out, his firit appaaralico on I any atago took plaoe at Drury Lane Theatre, on ' the opening night of tile aoason, Mondav, 1st Ottnl ur, 1827. Young Nerval , iu Home's traged v of ' Douglas,' waa tho character aelertoa' for tho occasion. Ho was yet ur,A;r s, "vontcon, and so complete a stripling I in sppei 'ranco, as well ns iu years, that the theatre eat in council on tho question whether he t-lionld k o announoed us Mr. Keen, junior, or jfihstcr Ken. "b He sottlcd tho point by rejecting tlra inttor dt scription, with tho utmost disdain. On- tho Satu. -day night previous to his appoar- ancor a- dress rehearsal was suggested by tho mnnager, that h 8 might " faco the lamps" for tbe Jiret time, nod familiarise himself with his stage costume. Many personal friends of Mr. Price, with some mombors of tbo coinmllteo, were present, who complimented him on this his proixninory ess W- While supping after wards in tiio noann, tor"8 room, witli true boyish feeling, Far expreeset ' a wish to show himself to his mother in tbe stngt ' habiliments of Norval. Tho manager ooDoeuto A, but wondering that he . mill lingered' in tic- tin atrc, drew from him iu n whisper, Hie rtductan ' confession that he was without the Uioaaflepayl; gforn haoknoy-co.-ich. ; Freso supplied tlio money, z'nd young Kean fisw , to his mother'® iotljangs t 1 di-play his tinsry, relate tho encouragement It-1 had receircd, and ohierhor with iUe-iiogea- end expectations with j whisii ho pan- ted for the fo. 'lowing Monday, j The- expected sight arrived. Curiosity to see ; tho son- of tho great actor; Ed-nu ud Koan, filled ! the- vast thostre- to overflow iuir. A first appearanco before n Lotrdbn audit mce, in those tiny-v and nt one of the groat natio nal ostabiish- , mentai was a much more oerious ' matter than lit is at present, a trying ordeal eve. a for the ox- Iporienccdt veteran, wlio might) feol confident in jltis poworey nnd bod' o I ten- tested' their effects. I What tlien must it have beemto th s '""-nprnctisod | AAV/ V IUC|s ul lit (illu HUUUU OJ II in 'Jtoll VUlCCy andtiuiwrved even hj'the sfjflilyo? h ib own samo lo- thc-lrrst time exhibited Ir.'pKn. 'J'be awful momer.t'i come, lie otands before ti'ie audience, fotrly lhnnchcd on tUe experiment of hiy life, lie ha« no time to think of' nil That bar ge on tbo liisuc - ofj' the next two- hours; but lous-t braoo jhis spirika to« the task, And1 oinl or evriu, ooeordin to-t'de rno&curo; of hie- own uzuijed joourago.. Tho oast waae follows::— Youn'Nbrvfll 1 Mix C. L (Ills fir£fcfftppe?)nuico- oii'r.uyetc<e.) Lord ttandolpy i Mr. JItdb Gleva j Von v 3Er.. Wal l AfffE O'd Norval; Mr. Corvnir Lady IlaadolpiL 5iJ-g. V/.ht JtnDft.... Sfre<KNicurT n>an Norval does not appear uniil the openingrof'the second act. His entrance is lite— ceded bjvtbftt of thcretMherfl-oiTilord Rndoibll? beering-in custody tho foithlessr ferviut, r tiie trembling coward', who- forsook His maefrwvl Tho andlenee, aniuckilyrwero lctbtomiitaUo tiie latter worthy lor the new candidate, andgreeld ;him with tbe rounds of applause intended for CHo .hero oMhe evening— hero wn9 another damper,. ,for,.iil.Riieh Blluationn, tho veriiot trifils<hr.vo thoir efftet,. Tho dd/xUanO recovered hlmeelf, notwhbatandingt.and vwnt through- his part, at- tho opsmng, with hesitating doubt,. Hut ae He jwannad- into the boeinefiA of the ecoun, with1 'courago uud gradually iacreafling Animation.. Someinnprejudiced jUdffos (amlj inoro thon one jwcre present who toolt an ioterest in. ltUfafo)i could'doteot, even through all tho rawnoflB of- a» 'nnfovAcd styloi and tia-ombftwassment-of anoeet isitURtion, tho Rorms of Inteui ability,, and' the .ptoraiao of fucure excollcncera The nudienoo received him throughout with indulgonoo,. en- icour&ged; hira. by. froquont approbation, and !cailad for him when tho tragedy concludedv it ;wftMuccosB certainly, but decidad- sucaess. Ghtrles Kern felt, that although lie had pft&aod; his examination, with, tolerable credit,, ho. bad iUeitner carried away "high honou/fl,r no? atniieved what in theatrical parlance is twraol 'a1 hit.' On the following morning; ho rashc-d with feveriih anxiety to the papers,, andy. witho ut j panring, rcodlthcnv to his mother, Qfis-fato a nd here, ( their- future aubeiatence, the hopo t'bat suelaincd thorn,, tho bread thoy wero- QOztiog tho roof that covorcd thom, all lay Uh tho bah .nee, aud all dopondod on tho dictum ef an ail-pr.wer- ful nre-;9 p It waa nnanlmoui in flniifUmn Not aitnpio disapproval, or quaNffod ceaau; o, bub seutonco of uttor Incapacity,, stem, bittor, cruahhiB,,QQd coneluaivo. There waa 20 r aodifikd praise, no admission of undevoloped facu'itioe, no allowanco for youth and inoxperteuce. T ho crude cfiorta of a schoolboy were delt wi.fcii as, the mabored study of a practised man." first rhovinffal tour . " Hjaring the cjumc of Charles Karaite first provincial tour ho found himself, wf ,iU fuJfiliiug an cngegement at Glxegow, in close praxiraifcy to bU father, who W03 then enjoyir 10- 9arm 0f relwation in a cottsgo ho had bui'lt uz the Islo of Bute. Notwithfltanding t-helr es'.raacement, the heart of tbo uon yearned toward s his parent, and bo-mode nn overture, through third person, to pay him a visit. The propose t n,et with a ready | atsont, and his rocentlon wa» j moro cordial than ?he anticipated. Littlo alius' ,oq was mzde to the i niLSt. mifl n 1.ftWDtft#»v vnof — tun!; .1 L7."'i "r , 'f-TV uuiuuuuu IOUK piBOD. This led to a proposition ff0m tho elder Kean to act one niglit iu thftGlasy ow theatre for his sou's benefit, on tlio 1st Oct' .iter, 1828-by singular coincidence, the annive rsary of his first nppenr- once m London. Tha-/ nppoarcd aa Brutus and Titus, in Howard Pay De's tragedy of " Dri'tus." The house, aa. might, bo antioip&ced; under such circumstanced, predated a coinploto overflow, the receipt araor.ntiBg to nearly £300. The strong interest v»f the play, combined with tho natural aottng of father and son, complotely subdued the audience. They sat suffused in tosrs during tha last pathetic interview, unlil Bruins, overpowered by his omotions, falls on tn4 neckol Titus, exclaiming in a burife of agony, ' Embrace thy wretched lather;' when they broke forth into the relief of loud and proioniod peals of approbation, Edmund Koan then whispered in his son's ear, ' Charley, wa are doing tlio trick.' This may appear atrango and inconsistent— perhaps, unnatural — to those who perauude tliomsolves that the acoompliehed actor must of necessity fool, at the moment, tho full infiuenoc of the passage he is so oioqueutiy expressing." ItE-AITEARANCB AT DBURT LANE. " On tho 8th of January, 1838 (under engage ment with Mr. Bnnn, to act twenty nights, with 1 a snlary of £50 a night) ho appoired as Hamlet— n momorablo evening in bi9 own history— with a triumphant issue, never surpassed in the history of tho stege. Toe cast was ns follows : — Claudius air. Raker n»mtct '...... Sir, C. Kean I'oloniua Ur. Dowton Mr. King llorntlo Mr. II. Cooko Roscncrantr ..Mr. F. Cooko Guildtmstorn ...; '....Mr. DutureC Osrlc ....; Mr. Brlndal First a . 'fer Mr. Mclan Seoond actor Mr. T. Matthews J l«t cravediggcr Mr. Comp ton Second do .........Mr. nughes Ghost > Mr. Coopor Gertrude. Mrs. Teruan UP'18'!" NiiB Romcr Ihe house was orowtlctl from orohestra' to upper gellory. The new Ilarnlet was recelvod with outhusiasm. From his eotranca to the close of tho performance the appluuso was unanitnoos and inoessant. -The celebrated 'Is it tlio King?' in the third act, produced an electrical effect. To uso n favourite expression of hia father's, the pit rose at him.' At the conclusion ho was called for, and hailod with reiterated acclamations. ' Caps, hats, and tongues applauded him to the clouds.' Tho success was soiid, substantial. There was no array of hired claquers, no packing in the pit, no pre-arranged sign-jl?, no managerial influence to forestall or miaropressnt uubtaisod judgment. It was an honosc verdict by an impartial jury. Of this performance, The Times said, 'Looking to tho wholo of Mr. Kcan's performance, wo arc greatly pleased with it. It may, however, be rendered oven bettor. Ills pauses are in many instances so long tlmt ho fails to make tlio point nt which he is aiming. Again, he carries Iho weeping soniimentallty of Hamlet into situations where he is a mere specu lator. Tlio beautiful lincB cotnmonoing ' Imperious Cmtar dead and turned to clay,' do not wact tears to enforce their moral — lite nothingness of dcfuDctmorlality. Mr. ICean's rccoptionwasol the mostchecriiigdoscription. When he appeared, the applause from every pnrtof the house was enthu siastic, and throughout tlio evoniog the same anxious wi,h to encourage (wo hnpo, now no longer struggling) merit was observablo. At tho conclusion of tho tragedy ha was loudly called for, nnd ho made very gracefully his obeisance to a much delighted audience. lie certainly has succeeded in giving a very elegant and fiuiahod portrait of Hum 'ct. What ho will do with ths Richards and jltacbcths 'm yet to t.a proved.' " In this engagement Mr. Kean appeared in threo cbnractorH only llamht, Richard III., and Sir Giles Overreach. The following are the receipts:— al nishts of tlamUl produced..,,. . £6atS 0 0 Nightly average S09 10 O II nizhU of llkhard produced .... SS10 14 0 Nightly average 314 10 O s nights of Sir Giles produced 1538 S O Nightly average 3S7 » 0 43 nights in nil produced 13,380 3 0 Nightly average 309 10 0 MAtinlAOB TO SUSS BLLKN TREE. " On the 29th of January, 1842, ocourrod tho most anspicious event in his lite— the wisest step lie hud ever taken — nnd the surest guarantee to liis future prosperity. Ho wns married, at tho church of S(. Thomas, in Dublin, to Miss Ellen Treo ; a mutual attachment of long standing, nnd in ovcry respect " a well assorted union." Ry this, Charles Kean not only szoured his domestic hnppinons, but obtained n largo addition to his worldly means, and an iuvaluablo co- oporntor in his theatrical career, iiy a rare combination ot private and professional excol- follUIV \II40 1<llnra Trua Vl<or1 altaorlo nnnlllpflrl n iiatidsonu indepon'lence, and had phced horaelf in the foremo&t; rauk of tliadistiDguhhed females whoso names shod lustre on the history of the British drama. In characters requiring great physical power, with tho sterner and more com' nmnding attribute! something might ho wanting in wlrch bIio hod been oxosllod by a few of her predecessors; but in oil tho softor delineation in a just discrimination of the tenderer and more womanly pasalons, in versatility, In natural pt tbos, or o'ogant vivacity— iu a clear compre hension of her author's mennintr, and in lady like deportment— she wa. and la. without a superior on tho modorn atage."- -BtlVt Lifts Fraud on tub Bank of Victoria. — At the Maryborough General Sessions, James Alexander Exahaw, Jato a olork in the Bank of Victoria, pleaded guil'y to a ohargo of lar ceny nnd crabezzloment of thrio hundred pounds, monies of tlio Bank. Mr Aapinall addressed tho Ojurt lor the prisoner, saying that tho plea just recorded was really ono of deep contrition, And was all tho prisoner could perhaps do to to mnko reparation to the Hank. Everything about tho case Bhowed this to bo tho one crso of hi lifo, IIo therefore trusted tbo court would extend its imrey in this case, aftor duo consideration. Tho chairman, Mr Macoboy, in passing scnfonco, remarked that ho bod rend tho depositions, wad had given them liia atlcntivo consideration,. A young man, actuated as was the prisonery ehould not hive boen Jed into temptation. His vory position ohonld havo prevented him from doing as lio had done. The law would nofc bo vindi cated by a lew sentence Shan two year?, ond the eontenco therefore wi», that tho prisoner bo kept to hard labour for flint poriod. 