General Intelligence. BISHOP OF GOULBURN.-- A letter has been received from the Bishop of Goulburn in which he states that he intends to leave Eng- land by the October mail for Melbourne where he will hold an ordination for the Bishop of Melbourne now absent. He will then start directly for Goulburn via Sydney, where he may be expected about the beginning of 1864. His detention in England is caused by his desire to procure the services of ten clergymen and the sum of £5000 for their outfit and payment of passage, &c.; He has had a grant from the Colonial and Continental Church Society of £800 per annum in aid of the dio- cese, and he trusts to receive a grant from a kindred society to an equal amount. His whole communication shows that he is exer- ting himself most energetically for the inter- est of his future ministerial undertakings in this colony, and that he finds a very willing response to the call he is making upon the liberality of the friends of the Church of Eng- land at home.--"Goulburn Herald." BENEFITS OF ADVERTISING.--As a proof of the value of newspaper advertisements we may mention that a notice inserted in our missing friends column last week has already found in propria persona the veritable claimant to a fortune of £12,000, which for some time has gone a begging in Ireland. The adver- tisement was inserted in consequence of a letter received by the editor of the 'Victorian' from a clergyman in Dublin, who, in common with other friends of the lucky legatee, had hitherto failed in their endeavours to trace his whereabouts. The gentleman in question is a resident of Ballaarat, and we need scarcely say is willing to admit the value of news- paper advertisements--in his own case at least.--"Victorian." THE CASE OF MAHOMET CASSIM.--The Col- onial Secretary last night laid upon the table of the Assembly the papers moved for in the case of Mahomet Cassim, lately executed under a conviction for murder. The docu- ments are somewhat voluminous, and there are two reports from Mr. Justice Wise, who presided at the trial. The final conclusion arrived at by his Honour appears to have been that there was not room for reasonable doubt of the guilt of Cassim and Abdallah, and the the evidence was not consistent with any other belief. His Honour, however, says that possibly it might be sufficient to suffer the extreme penalty of the law to take effect upon Cassim only, who, in his opinion, per- petrated the murder with his own hands; and that, from all that had appeared, Abdallah seemed to have been a slave to the will of Cassim.--"Empire," July 21. BUSHRANGING ON THE SYDNEY ROAD.--Last Friday morning Mr. Horam, publican, of Sutton Forest, was stuck up at Bargo Brush, by a man wearing crape over his face, and robbed of three pounds. WAR OFFICE ORDER.--EUROPEAN ASSU- RANCE SOCIETY.--"An important movement has been undertaken by the Government in reference to volunteer corps. It has been de- cided to employ the adjutants as military ac- countants, and to require them, in that capacity to receive and account for all public moneys which may be remitted to them for the service of the corps, to which they respec- tively belong. In order to the due perform- ance of the financial duties to be entrusted to them, the War Office has notified to each of the officers holding that appointment, that guarantee will be required to be provided by them in one or other of the following modes: \--1. The sum of £530 to be deposited in the Public Funds; or, 2. A policy to be obtained from the European Assurance Society for £500; or, 3. Two bonds of sureties for £500 each; or, 4. The bond of one surety for £500, and a policy of the European Assurance So- ciety for £250."--'Post Magazine and Insu- rance Monitor.' A CHINESE OPINION OF GHOSTS IN GENE- RAL.--During the trial of Peang Jem and Lum Yee, for robbing Ark Sing another Chi- naman, on Tuesday last, a Chinese witness named Ah Poon, upon being interrogated by his Honour Judge Callaghan, as to what would become of him after death if he was to lead a bad and wicked life, said that if he was a good man while alive when dead he would be a good ghost. If on the other hand, he lead a bad life he would be a bad ghost. If a very bad man, he might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinaman witness, the prosecutor, stated in reply to his Honour, that he prayed to a wooden god he had in a joss-house in China, and if he told a lie his god would cause him to be struck by light- ning, or cause him to fall from his horse or some other such calamity might befall him. Notwithstanding the belief of these gentlemen of the probable results of their conduct in this world, the case then being tried was stayed by his Honour, in consequence of the apparent gross perjury committed by these same men. So much for Chinese oaths.-- 'Braidwdood News.' CRICKET.--The following will be read with considerable interest, as it refers to some of the eleven who are expected to leave England for Australia with G. Parr. In his report of the match between twelve M.C.C. and twelve gents of Kent, Lillywhite says:--"Mr. Grace went in first man, he saw all the other eleven M.C.C. men out. He scored 192; he was not out, and with his bowling he took all the wickets in Kent second innings. He was presented with a bat by the Earl of Sefton, and the ball that he had used, set with silver, was subsequently presented to him by the Honourable S. Ponsonby." Carpenter is also mentioned as scoring 108, 69, 67, 64, and 68; the last three scores being obtained without playing his innings out. Caffyn also seems to have been doing great things, both in batting and bowling. The total of Mr. Grace's bat- ting performance is, for the whole season, 2190 runs. He played in thirty-six matches, had 56 innings, and twice went in first man and carried his bat out. He is the only gen- tleman player in Parr's team.--'Empire.' ACCIDENT AT THE CIRCUS.--On Saturday afternoon an accident occurred at the circus in York- street, attended with the death of one of the most favourite horses in the establish- ment. During the time the performances were going on one of the equestrians, who had leaped off one of the horses, was just in the act of jumping on to him again (the horse all the while galloping round the ring), when the animal ran its head against one of the corner posts with such violence as to occasion its al- most instant death. The audience, which was rather numerous on the occasion, were natu- rally astounded at the occurrence. The horse in question was the piebald animal which has so often borne the aboriginal native and young lady, whose feats have excited so much sur- prise at the circus. Mr. Ashton, the proprie- tor, states that the animal was one of the most valuable of the troop.--'Empire.' FALSE ALARM.--The 'Yass Courier's' Ma- rengo correspondent says:--Yesterday our town was thrown into a state of extreme ex- citement by the report of Gilbert having at- tacked a store on the Ten Mile Rush, and of the subsequent death of that desperado, after shooting three diggers. The excite- ment was still further increased by the galloping off of a large body of troopers towards the supposed scene of slaughter. But this morning it transpired that the whole affair was a comparative hoax, for only a baker had been stuck-up, while travelling from one gully to another in a spring-cart with bread. It is stated that the highwayman robbed him of 7l. THE ARAB V. THE AUSTRALIAN HORSE.-- The Straits Times reports a match on the Singapore race-course between an Arab (a winner in previous races) and an Aus- tralian horse. The former was the favourite, but the latter won. The Times says:--"The match between Garibaldi and Midnight came off yesterday afternoon, at the race- course, before a large concourse of people. The Arab who was the challenger, had been considerably the favourite, and his appearance, when stripped, went pretty far to confirm his backers in their good opinion of him. Midnight also looked well, but it was not thought that he would stand the distance. At a quarter past five a very good start was effected, the Aus- tralian taking the inside running, and a little ahead of his adversary. The running for the first round was done at a good pace, it be- ing evidently the intention of Midnight's rider never to allow himself to be collared and to blow the Arab if possible, in the first half of the race. These tactics were success- ful, for Garibaldi could never take the lead even by a head, and as he came in at the finish it was easily seen that the pace had been too much for him, and that he was completely done up. Withal, however, he only lost the race by a length. The race was altogether a beautiful one, the two horses running close to- gether the whole time; and, although Mid- night had the lead right round, the Arab con- tinued the favourite until the horses arrived at the straight running, when the punishment being administered to the Arab showed that his chances were gone." HIGHWAY ROBBERIES.--Yesterday as Mr. Chauncey, superintendent of main roads, was driving in his buggy between Shelley's Flats and Goulburn, a man with his face disguised with crape, and armed with a gun, emerged from the bush, and taking aim at Mr. Chaun- cey, demanded his money or his life. Mr. Chauncey threw on the ground some loose money he had in his pocket--some £2 or £3 \--and as the robber stooped to pick it up, whipped his horse and drove rapidly away. He had some more money and a handsome gold watch in his possession at the time, and he appears to have acted with considerable coolness and self-possession.--Some robberies were committed on Thursday, at or near Ta- ralga, and the police are in pursuit; but we have heen unable to learn particulars.--Goul- burn Herald. THE MUDGEE MAIL ROBBERY.--Yesterday Mr James Marsden paid into the Bank of New South Wales, a note of the English, Scot- tish, and Australian Chartered Bank, No. 01728, for £20. On referring to the list of notes stolen from the Mudgee mail some short time since, it was found that this note formed one of the parcel, and we believe the only one for so high an amount. It seems that Mr. Marsden had taken it the same morning from a man named James Ross, who had been sent with it by Mr. John M'Rae, landlord of the Sir Colin Campbell Inn, at Laggan, and a tenant of Mr. Marsden, in payment of his rent. The police were informed of the fact; and there at present the matter rests. There were rumours of one or two other notes stolen at the same time, having been cashed in the town; but we have been unable to ascertain their truth.--Ibid. FRANK GARDINER'S TESTIMONY TO SIR F. POTTINGER'S COURAGE.--Writing to the Goul- burn Chronicle in vindication of the character of Sir F. Pottinger, a correspondent says:-- The next statement, which will perhaps rather astonish the public, is from the veritable Frank Gardiner himself. A few weeks after Sir F. Pottinger missed him at Mrs. Brown's, he (Gardiner) was met by --------, who knew Gar- diner well before he took to the roads; Gar- diner asked -------- to go with him into the bush and have a smoke; they both dismounted, Gardiner laying down his rifle. After light- ing their pipes, --------- took up the rifle, and in a jocular manner said, "Now, Frank, suppose I was to blow your brains out!" he (Gardiner) laughed, and said, "You could not do that if you wanted--I am not quite soft; try and fire it off." -------- did so, and found he could not move a trigger. Gardiner then showed him a spring of some kind that had to be re- moved before it could be fired. -------- asked him the particulars of Sir F. Pottinger's meeting him at Mrs. Brown's; he gave him almost word for word the same statement made by Sir F. Pottinger of their meeting, adding that he never had the slightest sus- picion of any police being near him; that he was quietly ambling along when he heard some-one shout out, "Stand!" and almost immediately level a rifle. So sudden was it that he felt as if he were electrified. Jumping up in his saddle, and spurring the horse, he galloped away into the bush, dis- tinctly hearing the cap of the rifle snap, and adding, "By G-- I thought I was a dead man." He returned to the hut the same night, and took Mrs. Brown away. -------- asked him what they thought of Sir F. Pottinger, to which he replied, "The papers may say what they like about him; some call him a cow- ard; I wish he was. There is nothing of the coward about him; he is the only man in the police I care for, and the only one that hunts and keeps me moving. In fact the place is getting too hot for me; I shall try and clear out." THE LAW OF PRIMOGENITURE.--An in- stance of the effect of the change in the law of primogeniture has just come under our knowledge. A farmer named Henry Nobes, residing near Tuena, died intestate on the 4th instant, leaving a widow and eight children, and landed property to the value of several thousand pounds, together with several hun- dreds worth of stock. According to the Eng- lish law, each child was entitled to an equal share of the stock, but the eldest son came into possession of the whole of the real estate. News of her Majesty's assent to the Act abo- lishing the law of primogeniture having reached the colony, however, by the last mail, and the time fixed for it to come into opera- tion being the 1st instant, the eldest son of the late Mr. Nobes, instead of coming into pos- session of the whole of the real estate left by his father, only obtains the same share as his younger brothers and sisters.--Goulburn Chronicle. 