TO THE ELECTORS OF WEST MORtETOk. (Per faow r of the Qwlemslad Times.) FELLOw- ELECTron,-lUo not be gulled by the oily ga?moato of Jones, nor be driven from the proper under standing of the questions of the day by the untruths and ross personalities of Mr. O'Sullivan. Both Mr.Jone and Afr. O'Sullivan wish to lead you to believe that Mr. Herbert has, upon his own responsibility, put a stop to all Catholic Immigration from Ireland; but.what are th facts of the case I will try and put it to you in such a manner that neither the sophietries ofJonen.orthe tblly ings of O'Sullivan shall prevent ypu from aoinderpjaing it properly. There was a certain society in Queensland, sanctioned :by the Government, and called the Queensland lEmiTgra tion Society, of which Bishop Quinn and several other gentlemen were the proprietor. I sthll proceed to show you that the whole affair was a sort of Joint Stock Com. pany, without any capital, making fmm-lO up to £30 out of every immigrant landed in Queensland. In th first place, the poor man applying for a pasagelin?one of the Queeinland Emigration Societs's vessels, woa asked whether he could pay his passage. and, upon his reply ing in the negative, was told to give them as much as h could, and make over to them the land orders, whichbhe was made to believe were not of much use to him, but were tonthe society; and upon his doing so he ecetied his passage. But, notwithstanding this, when be arrived in the colony, he was told how good it was in the Qufeisn land Emigration Society to pay his. passage for him, s?ta in return was asked (or ratler ordered) to pay them back the balance, by means of a promuisory note, oipon lis firt insuslment of wages, thus cau*ug tie poor Mflowa to pinch for the first nine or twelve munrlis after his anriral in the colony, in order to remunerate the Quneeuslodnd Emigration Society to the amount, something as follows: Paid first for assisted passage ... . ... :... .86 Two land orders, worth at ala d sale, wlieretiey were used by the Queensland Emigraiion Society for purchasing land ... ... Balance of passage money, paid by protmissory note ... ... ... .. . .. - ... 1I Making the sum total of .. ... ...'4 actually received hy the QucensrInd Emigration Societv. for lthe passage of such emigrant, thus leaving ihem a clear balance of £30, which was naid to them by (fovern ment. Whether they put such balance in their own pockets matters not to us. Mr. Herbert, the Colonial Secretary, seeing this, and thinling-as I dare say.you all do at leart-that it was neither fair to the inumigrant himself nor to the inhabitants of this colony, who wiLre actually payinr for the passage of such immigrant, that a private company (foPsuch I mainltin it is), put a stop: to It, by making a regulation something to the effect that nil intending inmmigrants must he passed by Mr. Jordan, otherwise they would not erceive the benefit of the land. orders. Thin is all that Mr. Herbert has done, and I maintain that for this he ought to receive the thanks of all right feeling men in the olovy,anvd thevotesofthe elrctors of West Moreton. Now, gentlemen, it is in snnsequenee of this act oIMr. Herbert that we see the extraordinary trid of Joenslal, Belford, and Jones proposed for the electorate of West Mireton: and for whet reasonn Why, to onst Mr. Her bert; not because Mr. Jones or eilher of the others are better men than him, for we all know better than that, but simply because lie objects to the imposition practised upin the inmmigrants, and to any person, or number of persons, making fortunes out of tlie public funds of the colony, either to put in their own pockets or for any other purpose. The next princil.a' qu:e lion whieh Mr. Jones Ir'a to boffile was the railway question. He was poinoedlly abked would he, if the Railway Bill was once more introduced into the House, vote for its having its termipus downwards at Ipswich bult what was his reply? Instead ol, like a straightforward, honest man, answering the question, Ihe simply inquired whether .Mr. Pettigrcw was making a loul of him. The only Ecnclusion I can come to from that answer, and from what ihe said about the railway pre vinusly,'is that he means to support it having its tertmius at Brisbane. Now, gentlemen, this is the man who comes up here and tells you that he does it to oppose Mr. IlHerbert; and what is the reaont I He wants a billet, and he' thinks - and lie thinks riglitly-that unless lie can get into the House he doesn't stand the ghost of a chance of getting ole. Wlhy, it was only the other day (this c-sion), if I m righlily infornmed, iiat he rppllied to lMr. Herbert for a place, and Mr. Herbert said that he believed him perfectly fitted to fill the appointment if he osull expiain sati;fao. torily certain afhairs that had come to his knowledge. I need not tell you whether he was able to do so; one thing is certain. he did not get the place, and I say long mau it lie before lie gets one. I think I have said enough about Mr. .lones. AMr. Belford every one pities, for it is evident that he is totally unfited from pih sical weaknebi for the tunrmil and Cxcitcn-ent of political lile, and it would be positiv crerllty to return him. Mr. John Johnston is too well known for total incom peency to be worthy of any further remark. .Mr. U'Sullivan, as usual on tile huslings. disgraced his friends and supporters, and himself, by nsino insulting anid gross language to, and eonceering r?entiemrn who ccertsily did not deserve it and has shown himself so totally ineonsistent, and not to he depended upon, that were you to elect him you would be depending on abroken reed indeed. Therefore, electors of West Moreton. I call upon all of yeo wto would have freedom of election, iailways tron psichl up the country a::d nut froiU Iiltshale. iiniandi bridge over the Bremer. and electorai r.lrnn, to uise all yonr influence for the return of Messrs. Crithl, Bell, and Herlert: for they h:ve pledpedi themslve- to sase ovety legiatisve m-ans in tilir power to see that you have ONE OF YOURSELVES. 