?TEMPERANCE HALL. . A lecture on'Ghosts was delivered in the' Tem perance Hall last evening by'Mr. David Bliair, of Melbourne, in aid of the Sandhurst Free-Library. The lecturer was honored by' a larger' audience than is usual at such intellectual and instructive entertainments. The chair was . taken' by the Rev. \V. R. Fletcher! ' i-Vf- :' ls The theory enunciated by. the; lecturer. was,, that the spiritual, principle may be separated-from the material body, and that when-so separated can take cognizance of other spiritual objects. The ghofts were divided into three "classes-those' arising from biliousness, from' rascality, and from1 ignorance. During the' consideration of these subjects, the lecturer explained (the arguments adduced by Mr. Michie, in his dissertation oii Witchcraft. The lecture; was fraught' with qup,-, tat tons from' various .authors: amongst them Scott's work on Witchcraft, Mrs. Crow's Nightside of Nature, &c.; :German authors were also quoted iit- proof; of the- appearance of-departed spirits; "but*" the "existence; :of ghosts in clinking^ chains, &c.;, was mythical. The popular anecdote related by Byron to'Moore, and_Tchnyson's poem ."Toja dead friend,-)'/were also recited 'in/ the .course of the lecture. v/The lecturer concluded by. a peroration on spirits from a-Scriptural point of riew,^introducing in:his-remarks quotations from; the'Apostlea; Several, Gre.ek - authors !were also cited^i'n substantiation of the lecturer's' assertion 'that-they also believed infthe spiritual phenomenal -Amusing-anecdbtes were'not wanting to make'the ! lecture, interesting;' and at'the'conclusion-of bis ;remarfes the lecturer was received- with a round of applause. '*' K Mr. M'Intyre, in rising to.move a vote of thanks to Mr: Blair,-admitted that- he- was -one of-the Jiard-headed Scotchmen to'whom the-lecturer'had alluded in the course of his remarks. . He, did not believe in ghosts; and called upon Mrl Blair to say whether he himself hatl eyer seen one., The lecturer, ; in reply," said that he had hot "seen one;' and in compliance with Mr. M'lntyre's request,' narrated the story of the Colonial Ghost in,.New South Wales. / . ? ?, . .. j ; r. The thanks;of the meeting .having been cor dially given to the lecturer for his kindness, and to the Chairman for his attendance,' the meeting dispersed, highly gratified with their evening's :iunusement. --' '. ' .1 i - 