THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1863. In the Legislative Council yesterday, The PRESIDENT stated that the Chief Secretary had intimated to him the appointment of Mr. A. F. Le Soeuf as Usher of the Block Rod. In answer to Mr. Fraser, Mr. HERVEY stated that steps were being taken for the formation, under the Immigra- tion Bit!, of a board to advise immigrants on their arrival in the colony. Mr. A'BECKETT gave notice of a bill to amend the law of insolvency ; but, at the suggestion of Mr. Hervey, agreed not to press it if the House should desire that he should not do so. Mr. DEGRAVES moved for an elaborate return as to the contracts entered into in connexion with the railway plant, which, after some discussion, was agreed to. The House then went into consideration of the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill. , Mr. STRACHAN moved that the first clause be struck out. The amendment was negatived by nine to six. The remaining clauses were agreed to and progress reported. The Council then adjourned. ï" In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, In answer to Mr. Woods, Mr. M'CULLOCH stated that it was intended to compensate the singing masters dismissed under the arrangements of the Board of Education. In answer to Mr. Wood, Mr. SULLIVAN said he had only received a draft report from the Royal Commissioners to the gold-fields. When he received the report and evidence, he would lay it on the table. - In answer to Mr. Woods, Mr. M'CULLOCH said the teachers under the Board of Education had not been paid because the vote had not been passed by the' House until a few nights ago. The money would-be available next day. The Councils amendments ' of the Go Governor's Salary Bill were agreed to. TheucsolutlonB adopted In Committee of Supply were agreed to. Mr. NEALES then moved the second reading of the Land Act Amendment Bill. The Government, he admitted, were not in the position Governments usually occupied when a measure of the importance of that before the House was submitted. He reminded members of the circumstances which led to there 8ignationofthelatcMtnistry,andof the expression of opinion which the House had given as to the system on which the amounts to be paid by the pastoral tenants should be ascertained. Referring to the failure of the arbi- trations, and Mr. Duffy's subsequent proposal, he asserted that the revenue would have suffered if the arbitrations had been overthrown as Mr. Duffy proposed. The total result! of the arbitrations, after the decision of the Supreme Court, left the amount of the pastoral rents at £236,10!. But a reduction had to be made, for land alienated, of £32,586, leaving the sum to be expected at £203,518 The assessment and licences for stock, at the rate of the old assessment, would be £220,837, from which, for the reduced price set out in the Land Act, a sum of £20,843 would have to be deducted, and £48,177 forland alienated. The net revenue would be thuslafc at £162, 817- Another calculation left the not result as £170,90 j, showing a loss of between £30,000 arid £40,000, if Mr. "Duffy's proposal had been carried out. Nor could that hon. member expect an increase from the increase of stock, as returns showed that while In 1854 the stock depastured on Crown lands (reduced to the equivalent of sheep) amounted to 8,202,494 sheep, the number had fallen in 1858 to' 7,722,732 and was no more than 8,200,429 In 1862, though it was 8,852,0321« 1859, He asked power, in the first clause, to lower as well as to increase the rent of runs. Turning to the agricultural portion of the bill, he proposed to facilitate bond fide settlement, and to discourage speculation. A million acres of the finest land in the colony had passed, by improper means, into the hands of speculative squatters, the direct loss to the country being at least a million sterling. The loss of revenue from the alienation of that 'land was £32,686 per annum or ODO sixth of the entire revenue from the Crown lands. A clause in the new bill provided that the land should be made to pay, the penalty in these collusive sales, and its operation would be retrospective. The unselected portion of the 10,000,000 acres would he open for selection. The hon. member then proceeded to explain and justify the provisions of the bill as regards Selection and " conditional " purchase. He did not desire toEcc a greater area than aboutáOO.OOOacrtís selected for settlement annually. He argued that his scheme of "conditional" payments would produce an immigration of the best class, and would not depreciate the price of land. The bill was not so formidable as it seemed, BE it had been deemed advisable to repeal a number of sections of the Land Act, and re-erect them in the measure now before the House. There were twenty new clauses, and a few others would have to be inserted to provide machinery to carry out its intentions. Mr, DUFFY said the framers of the measure left him no option in this matter, by far the greater number of the clauses of the bill having been taken from his own bill, or that which he had prepared to amend it.' He was glad no large departure from the land system of the colony had been proposed, for the sake of of the reputation of this colony, and he gave the hon. member who had succeeded him credit for his courage in taking the course he had done. The figures the hon. member had quoted were a Scharff of a statement, the fallacy of which he had been prepared to show. The squatters voted against him, however, on a former occasion, because' they believed they would have less money to pay and the hon. member (Mr. Heales) had it now in his power to obtain more money from the pastoral lands. The question should be dealt with on a purely financial basis and he reminded the House that the Supreme Court had upheld the opinion put forth by the late law advisers of the Crown, that the arbitra- tors could not go below the sums paid in 1861. The House, he thought, was bound now to see that the amounts did not fall below the sums paid in that year. There was an irresistible case against accepting the awards-as the bill proposed to do-in many of the cases to which the decision of the Supreme Court did not apply. The hon. member defended his conduct and arrangements in connexion with the arbitrations, and warned the squatters that if they did not pay the country fairly for their holdings, the Land Bill would not last for the number of years it was intended to cover. A Nemesis would overtake them. The hon. member (Mr. Heales; had shown no reason why the price of the agricultural lands should be made less than the late Government proposed. He objected to the provisions of the bill, that four million acres of land should be thrown open for selection though the provision was copied from his own bill because experience showed him that such a provision would only lead the squatters to conspire to get possession of the land. If would be useless to in pose new penalties, unless the penalties already incurred were imposed and he might say it had been his intention to enforce the penalties of the Nicholson Land Act. He preferred the bill he had laid before the House, and found in that of Mr. Heales omissions and evident marks of haste, of which he gave a variety of instances. He would oppose only that portion of the bill which proposed to accept the awards of the arbitrators; in all other respects, he would endeavour to improve the measure. t Mr. SNODGRASS intended to vote for the second reading. He taunted the hon. member (Mr. Duffy) with changing his views, and abandoning the compromise with the squatters to which he had so often alluded. The hon. member's career in connexion with the lands had been a curse to the colony. Mr. HiamuOTUAM Raid his hon. colleague would be happy to receive the suggestions of the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury for the improvement of the bill. He would reserve for the committee his answer to the criticisms of the hon. gentleman as to the details of the bill. The object of providing that 4,000,000 acres should be open was that the area of an election might be widened. He justified the provisions of the bill as required the amounts proposed to be obtained from the squatters in the form of rent, and reminded the hon. member for Kil- more that if he, who had always previously combatted the claims of the squatters, had not been flattered by them into becoming that anomalous creature a " colonial Conser- vative," a bill so favourable-to them would never have been passed. The Government were prepared to carry out the spirit of the compact entered into between the late Government and the squatters, and if they did not receive the support of the House in doing so, they were prepared to leave office. Mr. LEVI differed from the Attorney-General as to the interpretation of the 121st clause of the Land Act, as to the revenue to be derived from the use of the waste lands. He was astonished at the position taken up by the present President of the Board of Land. and Works, whom! he twitted with some of his former opinions US' xecirrJed in Hansard. The hon. member then quoted a variety of statistics, to show that the squatters derived annually upwards of £5,600,000 from the leased lands for which it was proposed that they should pay a rent of about £170 000 lins State of things should not be permitted to go on Mr. Levi concluded by moving a resolution, of which he had given tactics in favour of a larger share of the burdens of the colony being thrown upon the squatters. i Mr. LEVEY proposed the adjournments Iba debate. ' . After some discussion, in which Mr. Woods, Air. Brooke-, and Mr. Sullivan took part, the motion for adjournment was negatived by thirteen to fifteen. The amendment was then negatived, and at the instance of Mr. O'Shanassy, and on the motion of Mr. Brooke the debate was adj turned till Friday. The Trading Companies' Bill was discharged from the paper, on the motion of Mr. Higm. botham. Dr. MACADAM submitted a resolution in favour of a grant of £1,000 towards the punt rug and publishing of a narrative of the Victorian Exploring Expedition. Mr. M'CULLOCH felt unable to assent to the motion. Who he should like to know, it as to be entrusted with the work ? Mr. VERDON suggested the withdrawal of the motion, and that the hon. member should address the Government In another form. The motion was then withdrawn, Mr. O'GRADY submitted a resolution in favour of a grant of £1,600 for the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum. Mr. COHEN seconded the motion. Mr. VERDON reminded the House of the state of the finances. The motion was agreed to. In committee, Mr Kirk's motion with reference to Alphington Bridge, over D trebin Creek, was discussed, and postponed. The House then adjourned. Our English correspondent's letter needs but little interpretation. he who runs may read The Revolution or the Cossack-Europe has chosen, and is engaged in vindicating her choice. The question which the sagacity of the first NAPOLEON" assigned to be the leading problem of Modern History, is in process of solution. To whatever quarter we glance across the English Channel, the conflict of existing institutions meets the eye. In France, the great idea Napo- someone, Imperialism, has met with a re- buke as unlooked for as it is energetic. NAPOLEON had granted the people, who are popularly supposed to make Napo leonism a cult, just enough liberty to express a voluntary adoration of their divinity, and they have taken advantage of it to well nigh remove his pedestal from the national pantheon. In spite of the machinery of the Electoral Act, worked as it was by creatures of his own-in defiance of the ropes and pulleys which the most devotional of mayors and prefects for three whole days manipulated, French Liberalism has at length obtained something like a triumph. The cottage, indeed, still supports the Empire, but Paris has declared against it and Paris, said old MONTAIGNE, is France. Legitimist, Orleanist, Republican, have merged their individual differences, to defeat the common enemy and oppressor of all. The return of M. THIERS, the historian of the First Empire, is at once a protest against the existence of the Second A good deal, no doubt, of the unpopularity which has overtaken the Government, is due to the conduct of Mr. DE PERSIGNY. That Minister has shared the fate of Sir GILES OVERREACH in the play. He had a part to play, as the in- carnation of Napoleonism, and he has overacted it. Zealous beyond the dictates of prudence in the cause of his master, his- master, for his own preservation, has been compelled to dismiss him. His circulars, his warnings, his denunciations, his electioneering tactics, were fruitless to stay the re- action that his own policy was responsible for. LUTETIA would neither he coerced nor wood. It is worth while in con- templating the results of the French elections, to bear in mind that they possess a significance not altogether familiar to English instincts. The fate of a candidate in France comprehends the fate not of a Cabinet, or an individual Minister, or a mere political principle. The success of Liberalism on the banks of the Seine means the downfall of a dynasty, the abdication of a system of government, in this light, the demonstration which has contrived to substitute AL BOUDET for Af. DE PERSIGNY becomes a question, not of political bias for a party, but of allegiance to a throne. It is a matter of speculation how far the EMPEROR has recovered lost ground by the sacrifice of his evil genius. It is just possible that the presence of the thirty" on the Opposi- tion benches of the Legislature, will more than counteract the removal of the Minister, Under any circumstances, however, the dynasty of NAPOLEON has received its first constitutional warning. Napoleonolatry has not encountered such a discomfiture since the graven image was first set up. Even the control of its Shekinah, the ballot box, has not neutralised the heretical tendency. If we follow our correspondent beyond France, the same re- action against functionaries, or rather against despotism, in the person of its agents, is gaining strength. II. VON BISMARK is the champion of the king of PRUSSIA just as M. DE PERSIGNY was the representative of the Emperor of FRANCE. In both instances, they are doing battle, though under different devices, for the same cause, and against similar foes, the one against the Parliament, the other against the Reich smith. King WILLIAM, however, is li- very different man to his ally. The latter has realized the crisis, which grew in spite of himself, and at once shaped his policy to meet it. The other created the situation, and with a faulty and obstinacy that send the reader of English history back to the STUART'S, persists in repudiating its natural consequences. Indeed, what MACAULAY said of the Second JAMES, may very safely be applied to the Prussian drill-master. His stupidity, his blind confidence in his own resources, his contempt for those of his enemies, all mark him out as a destined prey to NEHTESIS. For the progress of the revolutionary spirit yet farther East, we must refer our readers to the very graphic details ' ; i of the Polish insurrection in another a column. Bewildered, surrounded on all sides by the embrace of a giant, the spirit of KOSCIUSKO still nerves the arms of the stripling combatant. It is only, on contemplating the awful responsibility of a European war that an Englishman can reconcile to his love of a liberty the policy of non-intervention in a cause' so full of claims on his ( warmest sympathies. . i ' / We have received the following telegram, dated London, July 3rd, and Sues', July 5th : " Vicksburg evacuated, after burning of Jack- son City by Grant. Confederate forces moving northwards, to attack Eosencranz. Val landigharu's arrest violently denounced by Democrat?. Designs on in Federal Cabinet Washington threatened. French Opposition candidates victorious. Prussian . Chambers dismissed. Prince William accepts Greek Crown. More Polish victories. Canadian Parliament dissolved. Mexican ' resistance continues. Wool sales closed steady. Money firm. Arrived Cinderella, Agincourt, Essex, Sussex, Watch, Lawrence." The P. and O. Company's steamship Northam arm of J in the bay about ten o'clock yesterday morning, with the June mails from England. The Northam left Galle on the morning of the '2nd met, and arrived at King George's Sound on the forenoon of the 5th instant, sailing again for Melbourne after a delay of t we. nty-'bur hours and a half. From Gallofo the Sound strong south cask winds were experienced, with a heavy head sea After leaving the Sound, on the passage to Melbourne, Snrmblt) winds were met with,) and latterly strong east winds, with a very heavy sea, which somewhat retarded the Northam's passage. She sailed again in the course of the afternoon for Sydney. The Land Act Amendment Bill came on last night, in the Legislative Assembly, for its second reading Mr. Heales submitted his motion in a speech of great length, the hon. member speaking for nearly two hours, but with less locality than he has shown on previous occasions in discussing the same question The discussion, terminated, in the adjournment of the debate, at an early hour, till Friday. Comparatively little interest was shown in the question by members, and still less by the public. Throughout the night the attendance in the House was comparatively small, while the g diaries were far from full. The debate, as a whole, was singularly dull. The President of the Council yesterday stated, that the Chief Secretary had only made to him in a appointment of Mr. A F. Le Souef as Usher of the Black Rod, Mr. Hervey yesterday stated, that steps were being taken for the formation, under the Immigration Bill of a board to advise immigrants on their arrival in the colony. Mr. M'Culloch yesterday stated, that it was intended to compensate the singing masters dismissed under the arrangements of the Board of Education. He afterwards added, that the teachers under the Board of Education had not been paid, because the vote had not been passed by the House until a few nights ago. The money would be available next day. The Trading Companies Bill was withdrawn from the notice-paper of the Legislative Assembly last night, at the instance of the Attorney-General. It was stated that it had been left in such an imperfect state, and made so many deviations from the law of England, that the law officers could not give it the necessary attention this session. Mr. M'Culloch said the Government would bring in a measure on the subject early next session. The arrangement connected with the visit of the All-England Eleven to the Australian colonies continues to progress satisfactorily. By the advices brought by the mail Mr. G. Marshall is informed that YVillshiro's selection as the twelfth man is definitely decided upon, and the team is now computed. The Eleven will sail per the Great Britain at the end of September-the new steamer Victoria, which Parr at one time contemplated engaging passages in, leaving a little too early for them. By this mail also Part definitely declines the offer made by the Sydney cricketers, through Laurence, to enter into a separate engagement to visit New South Wales. We are able to give a copy of his letter, and it will be seen that Mr. Parr anticipates, what will no doubt prove to be the case, that the quarrel between the two colonies was only of a temporary character, or, at all events, so far as Marshall is concerned. The following is the letter: "Mr. Chas. Laurence, 353 George-street, Sydney. Dear Sir-Your letter of 22nd March last duly came to hand, but, owing to absence from home, I had not an opportunity of answering it by the mail of last month. In reply, however, I beg now to state that my engagement with Mr Marshall prevents me from accepting your offer, though I am not the less sensible of your kindness in making it.' Perhaps in a few months the feeling of displeasure against Marshall in New South Wales may abate, or, it not, you perhaps may be able to arrange terms with him as to our playing with you. I cannot myself do this, and must consequently refer you to him. Believe me, in much haste, yours truly, GEORGE PARR. Ed,tcliffe-ou-Trcnt,22ndJune, 1863." One hundred and twenty two rams, and thirty-nine ewe, of Mr. Hoffechlaegor's fine woolled she ep.UnounosNegrcttls.haveairivrd this week, after a protracted passage, from Hamburg. They are in full fleece, and look around and healthy. They are now to be seen at Messrs. Clough and Co.'s wool warehouse, and all interested in pastoral pursuits will do well to inspect these fine animals, which are so well calculated to increase the annual value of one of our principal sources of colonial wealth. In the County Court yesterday, Mr. David Lyons sued the Collingwood Gas Company for rent of premises. It appeared that the company had taken a lease for the same for two years, which term had expired, and they subsequently held over. Plaintiff claimed rent for the period of the notice to quit usual in a yearly tenancy, but the company claimed only to pay as for " use and occupation," and for this they contended they had paid sufficient. The contention was, whether, as a corporation, they could be bound in such a case by any thing short of a deed under Real. The plaintiff was nonsuited, with £3 3s. costs. A bazaar in aid of the Baptist Church, Emerald hill, will be opened this day, at twelve o'clock. Several parties were summoned before the District Court yesterday, by the inspector of nuisances for the city, to answer complaints of allowing cows and goats to wander in the streets. They were fined 2s. each, and costs. Half a-dozen cabmen were also fined in small amounts for breaches of the Hackney Carriage 11 gulation?. Tho Emerald-hill Police Court was very busily occupied for some hours yesterday, though the cases tried were not of much importance. Constable Hedges prosecuted five Sandridge cabmen, for driving on the wrong side of the way, and each was fined 12s. 6d ConStable Swift also prosecuted one William Maclise for the same offence, and for his con- namely the latter was fined 22s. 6d. Seventeen summonses for nuisances in rights-of-way in which Sergeant Ellis was the prosecutor, were adjourned for a month, that the offenders might remove the nuisances.'' Of the other cases only two are worth mention. One Fleming, a car driver, who on being asked to drive on his right side of the road assaulted the spokesman, was fined £5; and Jane Richards, a young p won of unsound mind, who had been arrested for injuring the trees in the South Park, was discharged. At the usual meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society, on Tuesday (present -Dr. Black, Professor M'Coy, and, Messrs. Albert Purchas, H. J. Chambers, and T. J. Sumner), Mr. M'Haffie had an interview with the council, and detailed the progress that is being made on Philip Island on fencing, ploughing, and sowing enclosures for the birds to be turned out in. Mr. M'Haffie mentioned that the English hares recently sent down were doing well, and that there was every prospect of their breeding within a few weeks. The Secretary reported that per A. H. Badger, two hog deer, two spotted Axis deer, four pheasants, four grey partridges, and one peacock, had arrived from Calcutta, under the kind care of Captain D. S. Marshall. This is the fourth time that Captain Marshall has successfully carried stock for the society and the council determined, in acknowledgement of his valuable services, to elect him an honorary member of the society. Some time since the council requested Mr. Duf- field to deliver a lecture on acclimatisa- tion, having special reference to the animals and plants of South America, in which country Mr. Duffield has spent a considerable time. Mr. Duffield has acceded to the request, and the lecture will he delivered on Thursday, the 20th Inst,, at St. George's Hall. His Excellency has promised to take the chair upon the occasion. Two specimens of the guaramier, preserved in spirits, were exhibited on the table. These fish were a portion of those that were shipped to Sydney per Clara Sayers, and had been forwarded by Dr George Bennett to Melbourne, at the request of Sir Henry Barkly. The council acknowledged, with thanks, the receipt of five magpies, from the Municipal Council of Sandhurst; 1 crow, from Mr. B. Nathan, of Elizabeth-street ; one magpie, from Mrs. Bowen, of Jeffcott-street, West Melbourne; and two African grey parrots, two English blackbirds, and one yellowhammer, from Sir Bruce Chi chester, passenger per Monarch. A meeting is advertised for this evening, to be held in St Mark's Church School, when the subject of " More clergy for the Church of England " will be discussed. The Dean and the Rev. T. C. Cole, M.A., have promised to attend J. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday Jeremiah Donovan, Henry Bowen, and Daniel Melville were charged with having surreptitiously obtained passages by the mail steamer Northam, to this port. They were each fined £5, with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment. When arrested, none of the prisoners had any money upon them. Dr. Plummer was the presiding magistrate. The hon. general treasurer of the Home- bro 3k Ragged Schools asks us to acknowledge the sum of £4 9s. 3d., being collection in St. John's Church, Toorak, in aid of the above schools. At the Richmond Police Court yesterday, after several postponements, the charge preferred against Mr. H. Smith, wine and spirit dealer, of selling a single bottle of spirits, was taken. The evidence of two of the members of the revenue detective police was taken, and was conclusive as to the fact of the sale of the single bottle from Mr. Smith's premises. No witnesses were called for the defence and after listening to a long address from the counsel employed, the Bench fined the defendant £30. Notice of appeal was at once given. The adjourned annual meeting of the Melbourne Licensed Victuallers' Society was held yesterday afternoon, at the Excelsior Hotel, Bourke-street ; the chair being taken by Mr. R. A. Cooper. The printed annual report having been submitted, was duly adopted i after which the meeting proceeded to the business for which it was assembled, viz., that of electing a president and other officers for the ensuing year. The result of the election was as follows :-President, Mr. Henry D. Brown proposed by Mr. Barnfield, seconded by Mr. Byrne; vice-president, Mr. Armstrong pro- posed by Mr. A. Cooper, seconded by Mr. Barnfield; treasurer, Mr. C. Olliff; auditors, Mr. W. Morton and Mr. A. Menzies and a committee, composed of the following gentlemen Messe. W. Kennedy, T. Pope, W. Tilke, J. H. Dancker, J. Byrne, H. Austin, R. E. Hill, J. Bourke, and H. Thompson. A vote of thanks was then unanimously awarded to the president, officers, and members of Committee for the past year, after which the meeting separated. The fourth of the Series of private assembly balls will take place this evening, at Hockin's Rooms. Tickets may be had between four and five p.m., on application to the honorary secretary. At the adjourned special meeting of shareholders of the Maryborough Mining) Sluicing, and Quartz-crushing Association, held at their offices, No. 40, Elizabeth-street yesterday, Mr. Wm. Clarke, jun in the chair, Mr. Hammill proposed, seconded by Mr. Cantlon, "That the opera" tions of this association, after a lengthened trial, having proved unproductive, it is desirable that the association, under clause 45 be dissolved and the properties, after being properly advertised, sold by public auction There not being a sufficient number of votes represented, Mr. Battersby proposed, seconded by Mr Hammill, and carried. "That the meeting be adjourned till the 19th inst., for further consideration of the disolution of the association." A case of housebreaking, with robbery, has been reported to the police by Mr. Maurice Solomon, of Smith-street, Collingwood. He states that between the hours of ten and twelve on Monday night the door of a bedroom adjoining his house was forced open and some feather pillows and articles of clothing were stolen. The Theatre Royal was well filled last evening, it being one of the last nights of " As You Like It, and " The Young Widow." On Saturday evening Professor Pepper's " Ghost," just arrived by the mail, will appear in " Twenty Minutes in the World of Spirits." THE LANCASHIRE RELIEF FUND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-For the information of contributors to the Lancashire Relief Fund in Victoria, I would beg you to give publicity to the enclosed letter from Manchester. And remain your obedient stn ant, THEO. JNO SUMNER, Hon. Treasurer Lancashire Relief Fund. Melbourne, Aug. 12. " Fund for the Relief of the Distress in the Manufacturing Districts. "21 New Cannon-street, Manchester, June 13, 1863. " Sir, I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of cheque for £19 5s. 8d, through Messrs. Loyd, Entwistle, and Co, of this city, being the tenth instalment from the town of Melbourne, Victoria, making in all a total of £10,96814s. 10d. for this fund. I am requested by the Central Executive Committee to beg you will convey to the donors their heartfelt thanks for their continued liberality. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " JOHN WM. MAor,rmi!,Hon.JSec. T. J. Sumner, Esq, Lancashire Relief Fund, Melbourne." . 