THE DRAMA. THE KEAN PERFORMANCES. Tuf most important charaoter inthetrggedycf ' Maobeth' it hnif Maobeih. The Thus of Candor, though a brava nan, Ib eo weak and mdeolelye In hl» resolutions, whether of g«id nt evil, Ibat as compared with hit vlfe he ia almost oGBtempiible. If Nero waa a tjrant and « cold-bloodad murderer, he jet commanded e large emonnt of quaMlon dble retpeot from bla very fieroeneu and tndomilablB will ; : ' but Maobeth, ai presented to ui by Sh»kipere, though , cruel, poGsenee a mind as varying and unstable at tha vind. Lad v Macbeth, on tha htlier' hand. !? the movinr fpliit of the whole notion or the tragedy. SheaeizBi on tha ! lelin of ter husband's fate, and giddes it at her plsatora. - His inolioatloDi tend towards ambitious projeots, and great ntBB continually haunte bie thoughts, hut Lets kept ia the eddj of vacillation, and^hus lets ' 1 dare not waft upon 1 would.' It Is therefore m vary natural oonoltuion to ? BuptioEe that, were it not lor hit wife, whoee lafluenoa over him is eo complete that she bends him like a reed to her -will, Maobtth would have lived an envious man, an* died a Thane; but In tbe hand .of this ambitious mad ttrorjg- minded woman, he is made the medium by whieih tlie riftB to power. The murder of Banquo truly orbinsted with Kacbtth, but his imagination is so wrought upon by reflecting on the deed, that in the banquet soene he gives v.ey to tuperttiiiouB horror, and eels his guests wondering at his tlrasge behaviour, and tbe still more strange words tbat fall from bis lips. Here Lady Maobeth again oomes to the rescue as it weru, find* a plausible excuse for his ravings. and Dually txeroises her authority in bringing her husband to a ttute of hie, to her, apparent weakness. The Otte red or of Lady Macbeth is tbe highest type of tragedy, beside which Medea is insignificant. The terrible oon tlancy of determination— nay, the absolute oharaoler of the woman is given by herself when nnbraiding Maobsth fox hie infirmity of purpose— I hare given tuck, and know Hot tender 'tis, to love tbe babe that milks me ; 1 would, while it was smiling la my face, Hove pluck'd my nipple from iu boneless gums, Aid dwsh'd Ihe brains out, bad I eo sworn w you Have done to this. Mr. Keati'u exmej-ption of Maobeth ie correot,— and as far at it Ib poesibla to make It, a worthy performance. Tbe scenes in which he appears moet promtaeBtly are tlienamderof Sunoan, the grand banquet, snd tbe period immediately preceding his destruction. In all these puts Id r. Kean was quite equal to the pascioriB that assail Maobsth. The interview with the witchee, was a calm expression of wonderment at their seeming foiekcowledge, and It is not until 'i'ounp Malcolm Is nominated Prince of . Cumberland Ibut tbe effect of tbe witches' prophecy becomes oon Fyitcuoup, to which great effect is given by Mr, Kean's sudden changed manner. The ' dagger scene,' as it ia inmflinr)}' called, was also well gone through, and suggested tbe idea of a distempered mind with horrible imaginings ; even when oonFOfous of the unreality of the vision, and that it ie the ' business thatinforma that ' to his eves, tha - unfortunate Thane teams in a stupor of fear and trembling. Ihe f-occe which follows this, is the most elaborately worked out of any in the play,— and altogether new to a oolonial auditnee. The desperation of Macbeth is subdual and «rtio*i lin aCEi.1 *i fmm I Ha nhainhnr wfth 1 ho iiaffmara. hia fana and frame betray tbe horror with which the murder has ? filled him . There are no unexpected outbursts— the sense ? of guilt is too t-troDg for that, the passions in the eoul are I breathed out as if there were listeners at every point, aad ? the knocking at the gate st rtles him ae if it were some M fearful eurumone, This was certainly the finest delineation « by Mr. Kean throughout Ihe tragedy, and it created in the ? audience a deep, and we thick permanent impresilon. Ia m (be banquet ect-ne his dissolute indifference of the murder I of Bacquo, whom be pledges in the wine-cup, is finely oon- ? treetc-d with tbe raving which immediately follows when ? confronted by the ghost of his victim. In the eeoond inter- ? view with tbe witches there waa too muoh of business in it ? — as a celebrated eritio onoe observed of John Kemble, 'he I maintains bis ground too Bteadily against ftte and ? metaphysical aid.' In tbe later scenes Mr. Kean dieplayed ? gnat energy. There was a deep retrospective mshtBoholy ? in the delivery of the lu.es— ? 'My way of life ? Has fallen into the sere, the yellow leaf, ? And tbit which should accompany old age, ? As bonour, love, obedici ce, troops of friends ? I must not look to have.' ? And, os learning tbe death of his wife, his hearteeems rest I ae he eiclaimf, ' She should have died hereafter.' ? As before observed, Lady Macbeth is the great character ? of this traged j— and Mrs. Kean's impersonation ie grand in ? the extreme. The reading of the letter is iUelf a perfect ? study, but (he manner In which she works upon the mind ? of her bueland it a wondrous effort of oonsammateart. Tha I terrible desire the exprerees that '? those spirits that tend on I mortal thoughts may onsex me here, and fill mo ? from the crown to the toe top fall of direst cruelty,' fa ? fearful in the intensity with which the passage waa deli- I vered. 1 be searching enquiry, when Maobeth informs her I that ' Duncan comes here to- night,' ? ' And when goes he hence I' I wbb nsmUtafcable in its import, but the tragio firs whfoh I burttB forth in he-r indignation at tbe supineness of her I weak-minded husband as Bhe exclaims— H ' What beast was it, then, I That made you break this enterprise to me ? cannot be expressed in words — it was appalling and sublime I — carried through to the dread ecene when Dunoan ia I killed. Her (oliloqny while Macbeth is about the deed, ia I startling for its cool, hissing, and unearthly atrocity, giving ? to tbe miDd of ihe spectator an impulse that remains lone; I after the finith of the play. 1 he contrast between the has- ? band and wife in this scene is more vivid thaa that in any I other. While the former Is ?' distilled almost to a jelly with ? the act of fear,' the other is firm as marble and an impene- ? trable lo ell ibe dictates of humanity — a point whfoh ia I strongly brought ont in the circumstance that, though thia ? cruel woman could not herself murder the King. I became he 'resembled her father aa he lay/ I still (be sought his death with the moat I persevering determination, and literally smeared her bands ? in his blood. On the close of (he banquet-scene the die- I quietude the evinced at the ravings cf Macbeth is perfectly I natural ; end the diemicBal of the guests at first in irrita.- I tion, BDd then with a graceful 'good night to all' I breathing e spirit of conciliation, waa a very fine point. ? Id Ihe sleeping scene Mrs. Kean produced a great impree- 1 eion, it was eo different to what ie usually eeen on the I colonial stage. She comes hurriedly in with her eyes open, I —but it is the sleep-walker that is before us. Her lips I move involuntarily — the motion of washing out the blood I etain on the basd is truly mechanical, and she repeats the I action until the eye becomes wearied, but yet it must look, I asd the long drawn sigh makes one ahaddar I with dread. The great Actress was before ub— it needed 1 not the exclamations to prove to her attendant that tha I mind in charged with a fearful remorse. She hushed the I audience into the silence of death, and held it in breathless I expectation, ltwas, indeed, a splendid performance, sad I one tbe equal of which will not, after the departure I of Mrs. Kean, be seen again in these oolenuea for many I years to come. She personified tragedy. I The dresses worn by Mr. and Mrs. Kean are not tbe I leaf t interesting feature ; they have been carefully studied, I and are both very beautiful ; *he asoient shield and spear I alee hold prominent position. I Tbe other characters were well sustained- if we exoept I Macdnff. Mr. Cathcart possesses every physical qualification I to make a good actor — he is scrupulously correot in his I partp, and has a good voice— but, unfortunately, he loses all I command over voice and aetion in Maoduff, and destroys I the character. We allude to this gentleman in good I feeling, because it is to be regretted that so many material I advantages are not more carefully treated. I Locke's music to Macbeth was performed by the chorus I of tbe Opera Company, with Mr. F. Lyster as Heoate. I We admire this music very ninch, and it was remarkably I well sung— both «oli and choruses —but somehow or other Jt I teems to interfere with the play itself. Perhaps our old- I fashioned ideas are wrong, and a little mutic relieves tbe I gloomy incidents, but we must confess to a partiality for the I old 6t j Ie of performing Macbeth withont Ihe music. 1 On Friday night 18th inttant, the Prinoe of Wales I Theatre was ugun tilled from ' pit to dome.' The j performances were for tho benefit of Mr. Charles Kean, I and comprised Henry Vlll., with the sparkling comedy. I of 'The Jealous Wife' for an afterpiece. Mr. and I Mrs. Kean's acting in tbe play was loudly applauded 1 — indeed it would be impossible to witness euoh I excellent impersonations as those of Woleey and Queen I Catbetioe without intense admiration. In the ' Jealous I Wife,' Mrs. Kean proved herself to be no less great in I ligbt comedy than in tbe heavier role of the drama, and I with Mr. Kean kept the audlenos hi each s I glow of epirits that it knew no restraint. I Mr. Rear, ne Mr. Oakly, was also particularly happy, and 1 sustained the much-abused husband with becoming for- j bearence and dignity. There are several most amusing j ficeces in this clever comedy, but the last, where the jealous j wilo is thoroughly cured of her unpleasant propensity by I the- dttet ruination of the husband to be the 'master of his I own bouse,' convulsed the spectators with laughter, and I when the ourtain fell the newly reconciled Mr. and j Mrs. Oakly, were called before the ourtain and loudly I cheered. The whole performance of the oomedy was Indeed || charming. Some tffate litterateurs are Indulging in certaia 1 'ambiguous givioge-out ' as to Mr. Kean's ability as \ en actor— it is however gratifying tout to see that the j vigorous intellect of tbe colony is represented in the auli- '? enoen which have been bo large and enthusiastic on 1 each sight as to prove that the inhabitants of Sydney ' i appreciate to the fullest extent the superiority of ' mind -i over matte' '?'j On Tuesday evening an immense audience asiemblel \» within the theatre, the occasion being the benefit of Mrs. i Ku»n. Kolzebne's play, ' Tbe Stranger,' was prodaoed, i ia which the part of Mrs. Haller was sustained by Mrs. | Kean. In the 'Wonder,' Mr. Hennas Don Felix, and ; Mrs. Kean as Vlolaute, delighted the audlenoe by their ' excellent acting. i Tbe Btohu at Wollonoohg.— Daring the last eight or ten. ' days strong westerly winds have prevailed, increasing sometimes to the force of a bum cane. From all quartern we bear of damage being done either by tbe wind or by the lightning, by which the i storms wore accompanied. In no case, however, so far as we .. ! can learn, mi there any lost of human life, although then were j several Instances of narrow escapes. by .persons who were travel ling ir tbe bush. In WollongiraftroblB-have been partially blown , off, window shutters unhingoU, wlndDWB blown in, and chimneys j injured. In j^Bountry. siuuJar mishaps have occurred, and In j addition masfMr forest monarch hat been laid prostrate. On. j ;1, ; ?**??'(.;??'?''? the quantity of trees thrown down were so I :-i.t.-.: ..'.;«aetraflin, There wore strong indloitloni at I ? «, ?. ?. .....-? rjn, but the expectant fanner was doomed to 1 \- !?:?;' i:r., -,,;?., the clouds cleared off, and the drought still 1 ..-.),.r .i,, -inn. n-ro Jfcrcury, j 