THEATRE ROYAL. There has been seldom a more numerous or better j pleased audience than was assembled within the Theatre Royal on Saturday ercning. Every por tion of the houso exhibited symptoms of somo at traction greater than usual ; and we were informed that admission had to be refused to numerous ap plicants for stall and pit tickets. In tho dress circle thero was not au unoccupied scat, and a largo number of persons wero obliged to content them selves with standing room throughout the evening. Upon this occasion Professor Pepper shared with the bard of Avon the honors of the evening. His practical illustration of a previously kuown law of optics was agreoably sandwiched between two Shakspeariau comedies, in themselves a sufficiently inviting programme. Wo havo previously noticed at length tho excellent and life-liko manner in which ' Twelfth Night,' and ' The Taming of the Shrew,' are presented. Throughout the perform ances of both the plays, there was not a single hitch to mar their semblance to reality. The cur tain was raised upon the conclusion of ' Twelfth Night,' in response to the applause bestowed upon tho leading performers, and which was iudeed fairly earned by all engaged in tho play. A delay — tho more marked as it is far from usual at the Royal — occurred beforo tho presentation of tho ghost illusion, and some symptoms of impatience were manifested. Preceded by weird, unearthly music, of the Maria Von Weber type, tho curtain rose upon a gentleman in a military fancy dress, who had been attending the Mayor's ball, and now an nounced himself as seek-ug for a night's accommo dation from a lodging-liousckeeper in shirt sleeves, who has only 0110 room disengaged, aud that the haunted chamber. Tho courage derived from civic champagnes and the fatigue of tho ball render tho gentleman careless of consequences, and quito will ing to receive tho spirits if they bo but ' bottled.' He is conducted to a mysterious looking sleeping apartment. Too much fatigued tc- undress, he lays down with his sword at hand, in case of need. Like Richard, iu tho tent scene, he tosses uneasily upon his pallet, whilst three mysterious personages in chalkiest white, severally make a corporeal appear ance upon the scene, aud liko Vivien, in the ' Idylls of the King' — ' ? put forth the charm Of woven paces and of waving hands.' The ghostly forms of tho samo persons then ap pear, and the disturbed masquer awaking, rushes upon tliem sword in hand. Right and left he cuts through heads, limbs and bodies, and rushes vainly backwards and forwards, through tho unsubstantial apparitions, whilst their appearance is blended 'with and shadowed upon the material form of their aggressor — still to resume their apparent solidity as ho passes out of the line of vision. The military gentleman, who exhibits wonderful self-possession, runs to fetch the laud lord, but tho vision has meantime changed to tho ghosts of a couple of pugilists iu tho heat of a rat tling round of fisticuffs, Whilst one makes des perate efforts to get tho othor in chancery, tho land lord and lodger make vain attempts to seize tho baseless fabric, and grasp but thin air. An excel lent imitator of Joe Brown's ' nervous euro ' daucos upon the scene, and tho curtain falls. The audiences soemed porfectly satisfied with tho ghost illusion, and called tho manager to the footlights. Tho sketch introducing tho spirits is of the slightest description — the principal attention having boen seemingly devoted to the illusion itself. It would bo perhaps dosirablo to omit tho first corporeal ap pearance of the ghosts, as their solid materiality and vividness of color suggest an unnecessary contrast with their subsequent comparatively shadowy outlino when spiritually presented. Tho scientific part of the experiment was worked out with caro and fidelity. ' Tho boisterous humor of ' Katherino and Petra chio' evoked, as usual, uproarious merriment. 