PORT ELLIOT. [From our own Correspondent.] July 1. The visit here last week of Canon Russell and the Rev. J. Williams has been an event of more than ordinary interest and importance. The services of the church at Port Elliot since the departure of Mr. Cooper have been wholly conducted by lay agency ; but the steady and increasing attendance evince the high degree of satisfaction which pervades the con duct of affairs in this respect. The visit of the rev. gentlemen was calculated to encourage the good work, and I think this will be the effect in an eminent degree. The sermons on Sunday last were delivered in the forenoon by Mr. Russell, and in the evening by Mr. Williams, to large and attentive audiences, when handsome collections were raised in aid of the funds for completing the interior of the church. On Sunday evening, the 30th, a public social gathering was held in the store-room of the mill, kindly lent a§ Mr. Basham for the occasion. Mr. Hlndmarsb, J.P., presided, and the attendance was excellent, although probably it would have been better but for an erroi lin the notice of the meeting. Some beautiful music ' was discoursed on the pianoforte, and a band of the i Sabbath-school scholars assisted. Indeed, this por tion of the evening's proceedings was exceedingly I pleasing, and calls for the warmest commendation! s on the accomplished lady who usually go kindly pre i sides on such occasions, and who has spent mud I 1 time and patience in the magical cultivation of tWn juvenile band. The Ber. Mr. Russell delivered his popular and instructive lecture on Ghosts, which was listened to with great attention. His citations of tbe supernatural were startling indeed, and ? left, no doubt, a deep impression of the reality of such visitations. The lecture evinced much research and careful reading, and reflection. The lecturer, at the close, most appropriately and beautifully enforced upon his hearers the great prac tical tenets of religious faith, and earnestly com mended the study of the great realities of (be unseen world to the attention of all present, alleging that each visitations, if real, were designed for our good, and calculated to teach useful lessons. From the little we have seen of Mr. RnsseU, I think he has become a general favorite with all classes, and I am Bure a renewal of his visits would be hailed with great delight. Sir. Gault, in very excellent taste, proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Russell and also to Mr. Williams, and which were suitably acknowledged. I must not omit to mention the good services ren dered during the evening' by our very worthy towns men, Mr. Gault and Mr. Anstey. On all occasions they have ever been ready to lend a helping hand in any good work calculated to promote the social ad vancement of tins quarter. I have very great pleasure in thus alluding to these gentlemen's very kind and gratuitous services, because in the absence of suchj assistance here our social gat-fa firings would not, I fear, be so generally successful. In excellent style they recited the Shaksperian piece of Wolsey and Cromwell —a piece admirably rendered. In addition the following were also delivered at intervals during the evening:—Brutus and Cassias, Douglas and Percy. The execution of these pieces elicited great applause. Altogether the proceedings were quite successful. Votes of thanks were rendered to all due; and the National Anthem, in which all joined, closed the entertainment. I have not said so much of Mr. William h, as he is an old friend and favorite here, and who has placed the Church under deep obliga tions for his services in the past. 