LADY CAROLINE LAMB. (' MEMOIltS OP LADY MORGAN.') My history, if you over core and like to read it, is tliis — My mother, baring boys, wished ardently for a girl : and I, who evidently ought to have been a soldier, was found a naughty girl — forward, talking like Richard the Third. I was a trouble, not a pleasure, all' my childhood, for which reason, after my return from Italy, where I was from the ago of lour unui nine, x was onierea uy me iaiej-»r. wnrre neither to learn anything nor to seo any one, for fear the violent passions and strange whims they found in me, should lead to madness : of which, however, he assured every onq there were no symptoms. I differ, hut the end was, that until fifteen I learned nothing. My instinct— for we all havo instincts — was for music — in it I delighted ; I cried when it was pathetic, and did all that Dryden's ode made Alexander do — of course I was not allowed to follow it up. My angel mother's ill health prevented my living at home ; my land aunt Devonshire took mo ; the present Dnke loved me better than himself, and every one paid me those compliments shown to cliil dren who ore precious to their parents, or delicate and likely to die. I wrote not, speltnot ; but I made verses, which they all thought beautiful — for myself, I preferred washing a dog, or polishing a piece of Derbyshire spar, or breaking in a horse, to any accomplishment in tlio world. Drawing-room (shall I sav witlidrawincf-room. as thev now sav ?) look ing-glasseB, finery, or dress-company for over were my abhorrence. I was, I am, religious ; I was loving (?) but I was and am unkind. I foil in love when only twelve years old, with a friend of Charles Fox — a friend of liberty whoso poems I bad read, whoso self I had never seen, and when I did sec him, at thirteen, could I change 1 No, I was more at tached than ever. William Lamb was beautiful, and far the cleverest person then about, and the most daring in his opinions, in his love of liberty and in dependence. Ho thought of me but as a child, yet ho liked me much ; afterwards be offered to ; marry me, and I refused him because of my temper, which was too violent ; be, however, asked twice, and wns not refused tho second time, and. the reason was that I adored him. I had three children ; two died ; my only child is afflicted ; it is the will of God; I have wandered from right, aud been punished. I have suffered what you can hardly believe ; I have lost my mother, whose gentleness and good sense guided mo. I have received more kindness than I can ever repay. I have suffered also, but 1 deserve it. My power of mind and of body are gone ; I am like tbe shudo of what I was ; to write once was my re source aud pleasure ; but since the only eyes that over admired my most poor and humble productions are closed, wherefore should I indulge the propen sity ? God bless you ; I write from iny heart. You are one like me, who, perhaps have not taken the right road. I am on my death bed ; say I might have died by a diamond, I now die by a brickbat ; but re member, the only noble fellow I ever met with is William Lamb : he is to mo what Shore was to Jane Shore. I saw it once ; I am as ungrateful, but as unhappy. Pray excuse the sorrows this snd, strange letter will cause you ; to you alone would I give up Byron's letters — much else, but all like the note you have. Pray excuse this being written not as clearly as you can write. I speak as I hope you do, from the heart. C. L. Lady Westmoreland knew him in Italy. She took on her to present him. The woman suffocated him. I heard nothing of him, till one day Rogers (for be, Moore, and Spencer, were all my lovers, and wrote me up to the sides — I was in the clouds) — Rogers said, ' you should know the new poet,' and he offered me the MS. of ' Childe Harold' to read. I read it, and that was enough. Rogers said, ' he has a club-foot, and bites his nails.' I said, ' If he was as ugly as .ZEsop, I must know him.' I was ono night at Lady Westmoreland's ; tho women were all throwing their heads at him. Lady Westmoreland led me up to him. I looked earnestly at him, and turned on my heel. My opinion in my journal was, 'mad — bad — and dangerous to know.'1 A day or two passed ; I was sitting with Lord and Lady Hol land, when he was announced. Lady Holland said, ' I must present Lord Byron to you.' Lord' Byron said, ' That offer was made to you before ; may I ask why yon rejected it ?' Ho begged permission to come and see me. Ho did so the next day. Rogers and Moore wore standing by me : I was on the sofa.. I had just como in from riding. I was filthy and heated. When Lord Byron was announced I flow out of the room to wash myself. When I returned, Rogers said, ' Lord Byron, you are a happy man. Lady Caroline has been sitting hero all in the dirt with us, but when you were announced she flew to beautify herself.' Lord Byron wished to como and see me at eight o'clock, when I was alone ; that was my dinner hour. I said ho might. From that moment, for more than nine months, ho almost lived at Melbourne House. It was then the centro of all gaiety, at least in appearance. My cousin Hortington wanted to have waltzes and quadrilles; and, at Devonshire House it would not be allowed, so we had them in the great drawing-room of Melbourne House. All tlio bon ton of London assembled here every day. There was nothing so fashionable. Byron contrived to sweep them all away. My mother grew miserable, and did everything in her power to break oft tbe connection. Sho at last brought me to con sent to go to Ireland with her and papa. Byron wrote mo that letter which I have shown you. While in Ireland, I received letters constantly, — the most tender and tho most amusing. Wo had got to Dublin, on our way home, whore my mother brought mo a letter. There was a coronet on the seal. Tho initials under tho coronet were Lady Oxford's. It was that cruel letter I have published in Glcnnrvon. It destroyed me ; I lost my brain. I was bled, leeched ; kept for a week in the nitny uoipnin inn, at hook, uu my return, i was in great prostration of mind and spirit. Then came my fracas with tbe page, wliich made such noiso. He was a little espieyle, and would throw detonating balls into the fire. Lord Melbourne always scolded me for this ; and I, the boy; One day I was play ing ball with him. He throw a squib into tho fire, and I threw the ball at his head. It hit him on tho temple, and he cried out, ' Oh, my lady, you have killed me !' Out of my senses, I flew into tho hall, and screamed, ' Oh God, I havo murdered tho page !' The servants and people in tbe streets caught tho sound, and it was soon spread about. William Lamb would live with mo no longer. All his fainily insisted on our separation. Whilst this was going on, and instruments drawing out — that is, in one month — I wrote and sent Glenarvon to the press. I wrote it unknown to all (save a governess, Miss Welsh), in the middle of tlio night. It was necessary to have it copied out. I bad heard of a famous copier, an old Mr Woodhead. I sent to beg he would como to see Lady Caroline Lamb, at Melbourne House. I placod Miss Welsh, elegantly dressed, at my harp, and myself at a writing table, dressed iu the page's clothes, looking a boy of four teen. Ho addressed Miss Welsh as Lady Caroline. She showed him the author. Ho would not believe that this schoolboy could write such a tiling. He came to seo mo again in a few days, and he found me in my own clothes. I told him William Onnond, the young author, was dead. When the work was printed, I sent it to William Lamb. Ho was de lighted with it ; and we became united, just as tbe world thought wo were parted for over. Tho scene at Brocket Hull, (in the novel of ' Glenarvon ') was true. Lord Byron's death — the ghost appearing to her — her distraction at his death. Mcdwin's talk completed her distress. — Memoir* of Lady jlforgan. Formation op tiie Mud of the Nile. — In tbe Anntdes de C'himie are extracts from a letter to M. Dmnas from M. Mehodin, in Egypt, from which wo extracfa few notes : — In tho months of April and Mny the Kamsin or wind of the Desert, blows for about fifty days in Egypt. The sand it brings with it darkens tlio sky and covers the earth with a light layer ; while that which falls on the Nilo sinks through its weight. In June calm weather returns, and the north wind begins to blow, gradually becom ing more powerful. It should last all the summer, as without it life is difficult in Egypt. From July 1st the Nile at Cairo is seen to rise and clinngo in color from greyish greon to brownish yellow, and soon to tho color of yellow ochre, M. Mohedin ascended the Nilo in order to observe the agricul tural effects of tho inundation and collect specimens of the mud. About Sept. 10th the inundation was at its height, and for several days tho valley, had the appearance of a-long strait, dotted with numerous isles. In October tbe water decidedly bcgiui to re tire, and layers of mud wero deposited on the earth. M. Mohedin was able to obtain specimens of more than five hundred layers of this mud, in chronolo gical order ; for, thanks to thu regular annual pas sage of the Kamsin, bringing with it layers of sand, each year is indicated in characters as clear as those which show the age of an oak in a horizontal sec tion. The various specimens of water and mud sent to M. Dumas have been analysed by M. E. Willm. Tlio early deposit gave iu 100 parts : — Loss by fire (carbonic acid and organic matters), (Wi9 ; nitrogen, 0'll ; silica (quartz and mica), 77-20 ; alumina and peroxide of iron, 11*15 ; phosphoric acid, 0.05 ; lime, 1-90 ; magnesia, 0-20 ; soda, 0-30 ; hy dcrohloric and other matters not treated (the parts soluble in water), 1-80. 