FATAL AOOIDÏNT mox IIOHTNIHO.-YeBterday after noon, about iiall-ptsl three o'o oak, as fire or elz men were working together on the Great Southern line of railroad, between Haslem'« Creek and Homebush, a flash of llgttiing Btraok one of tbem, named Blobard Kater, killing him en the spot. £11« body was conveyed to Parramatta. Tbo deoeaaed, who WBB on aged man, waa a plate layer, and bad been employed for some years on the works. CORONER'S INQUIRY.-Yesterday afternoon tha City Coroner beld an inquiry ooncernlng the death of an infant, aged three months, nomed Daniol Kerrigan. The parents of the deceased reside in Mitobell-atreet, Olebe, and deceased dhd thereat, from hereditary syphilis, about two o'clock, on Wednesday Bfternoon. Dr. Gllhooley saw the Infant before death, and it ned that snob was the oauie of deatb. The coronet'.) finding was in nooordanoe witb the faot stated. AVIART, BOTANIC GARDENS.-Iilst of donations and additions to the public avitry, Botanio Cirdeoe, during the month of September, 1803, Mr. Williams, Bridge Btreet, one oookalo parrot ; Laidley Mot t, Esq., two blaok Biraos; Acclimatisation Sooiety ol Yiototia, ono silver pheasant, one mountain duok; F. Mltobell, Bsq" Dar- linghurst, two blaok swans; Monsieur SaHet, one opoBium; James Riley, Esq.,one eagle; Mr. J. Burkett, one poroupine ; Mrr. Dann, two Malacca daoki, one parrot. Vior;iiiA THEATRE -A. rr-sngagement baa been effected with the notab.e Professor Bushell, whose re- markable experimenta in oleslro-bloloay ate nurjiet« of great wonder and amusement. Tbe effeot of mesmerism on ladies will be tried this evening. Tne drama for to. night is the exoltlog play of "Aurora Floyd," wbiob will also aerve aa a medium for the introduction and develop-_ ment of Ibe ghost ipeotaonlar illusion. Tns Pan BYTERIAN MAGAZINE for Ootobor, ootr menoes wita a wall considered statement of the prooeed inga that have taken place with a view to Union, and of the present position of tbe question having apeolal re ferenoe to the exprcted deliberations of tbe ministers and alders of the several bodies wbo are to meit next month. This artlole oonolndes with an invitation to speolal prayer on this subject. Tben follow a abort and pithy homily by the Bev. J. B. Laughton, on ''Hearing tbo Word ;" a paper on " Missions," by the Bov. J, 'Kinross, appealing to the Presbyterians of the oolony lo fulfil more adequately tbeir dnty In tils reaprar, and an expoiition of the scriptural charaoter or the rnling eldership. Two letters on union from tbo Bev?. J. B Liaghton t.r.d J. Klnro«, defend the proposition for Doion from objections reoentiy maie and revived! Tbe EoJlcnlantlcal Intelligence inoladea tbe transition of tbe Bov. A. O. Geikie; Ihe reoeptlon of the Rev. G. Graham i tho induction of the Rev. W. Mliobrll, nut! otber mattere-. Jwsmxs ItEFonaUTOBisi,-Wa return to the aubjeot of juvenile delinquen«;, to wbiob we devoted a leading arijrl» ia our faene of Monday (sar, in. oonnestioo with Ibe eaeesof two lids of tender ages, (ba one named Reilly, and the otber Callaghan, wbo at tbe Central Po- lioe Court on Saturday, evoked considerable interest and sympathy! Tba alate of our metropolis with reference to javrnile destitution-delinquency, anr1, in tbe ease of female ebildren, prostitution, is a fearful contemplation. A olergyman of very high name and antbority on snob matters, long eonneeted w Vi the London City Mission we alinda to the well-known author of the " Dene of London''-has given ua the result of investigations ba bts been pursuing in this city for some time, so far aa shattered beilth would permit, and his appalling s'ate meats only confirm ne in onr belief, that there ia very muoh wbioh is intensely horrible in tbis respect in onr aooial oondition. Snob, being the oase, we attach extreme importance to the deliberation! of a com- mittee of the L'gislatWe Assembly to the cass of whioh the matter of a colonial Juvenile Reforma- tory at present stände committed, tbe proceedings of wbiob we l'ialt wateb very anxiously, and whose report we abell await witb mnob interest. It may not be un- interesting to refer for a moment to the eireumstsneea attending the appointment of Ibis select oommittee. On .> the 37th June last, Mr.Sadleir asked the Colonial Seero. tary-"Is it the intention of the Government, this session, to Introduce a comprehensive system of prison management, witb a view to tbe reformation aa well as the punishment of the orlminul f " Mr. Cowper, in tbe coarse of bia reply said, that "this, witb many coila« teral ooosidarationv, appeared to be a fitting aubjeot for . inquiry by a eeleet oom millee. It would, at the same lime boneoeseary to decide npon suitable sites tor a juvenile leformatory." On the same evening, Mr. Luoaa asked the Colonial Secretary-" What eteps, If any, have been taken toward« the establi Soient of juveoile reformatories, for wbios £10,000 waa voted the session before laut r** . Mr. Cowper, in tbe oourse ol his reply, s'a'ed that " tba amount tben voted waa not euf&oient;, waa obtained hastily, without Information «a to whether suitable premises oonld be immediately obtained by pniobasr." On the Oth July, the Colonial Seoretary moved for tbe appointment of thia seleot oommittee, to consist of Messrs. Caldwell, Ounneen, W. Forster, Hirt, Dr. Lang, Luoas, Piddington, Sadleir, Wilson, and the mover, whioh motion WBB put and carried. In the course of tba debate preoeding tbe pnttiog of the motion, Mr. Holt withdrew a oertain proposed amendment, " as be was given to understand that the Government Intended ape« dally to consider the question of juvenile reformatories at an early opportunity." Mr. E-.g»r"bad no intention to disparage the laboura of eeleot oommittear. AU ba oomplained of waa the Government failing to give effect to tbe reoommenda'iona of a select committee." Mr. Cowper " WOB prepared to say that tbe recommenda- tions of tbe eeleet committee should have effect during the present session, and that a sam should be plaoed on tbe Estimates in order to oarry tbem out." We have . bere the promise of the Premier, that the subject shall, after sa long a delay, really reoelve attenticn Immediate end ¡commensurate with its claims,' whioh promise we hops soon to behold vetiflei*, and purpose returning ia a future artists to some detalle cf the general subject, of a very awful and appalling character. MM. PoußSARD AND DOUÂT.-Tho sooond ooueart ot these dlBtlngoiabed artists waa given at the Masonio Hall, on Wednesday evening; the third of the series will take place to-night, at the Sobool of Arte Those wbo only beard MM. Poussard and Douay on Monday, can form no fair jadgment of tbeir abilities, in ootnpatlog thiir exécution on that ooaasion with the transcendant genins and artiatio pnrfeoion displayed at the eooeert of Widnerdiy. M. Douay se mad to cmcigs from tia mueical oave, and to beoome incorporated wilb tba Bpiiit of Nature,-so melodious, rich, and full of bar» monj wera the Boanda tt rat issued from his Instrument; wbilBt tbe Bama influenoe seemed to convey ita power to M. Ponssard, who was evidently i aptred to give tba enrost test of what tbe violin could be made to execute. With marvellous aooaraoy the tvo artists performed, aa a duet, n series cf variations or airs from Bellini's opera of ' II Pirata," (and all tbeir arrangements display great taste and mnsieal knowledge-all the distino* live marka of talented composers). M. Pousaard** so'oa for tbe evening were arrangements on eira from Donizetti's Lacla, with the eletaut "Fra pooo;" tbe rieb tone, purity of Intonation, undulating modniE tlooe, introducing the melody in every key, witb the finest Btaooato passages, and in fast every desciiptlon of etegant yet chaste and delioate ornamenta ilor, could not fail to give tha skilled musioian the greatest delight with the oonviotion that In M. Poussard tbey listened to a great master: whilst the fuñóles of those less skilled in the higher forms of the art wera oharmed with all possible intricacies of variation in the pretty melody of " Toll the Bull," w bio ti the violinist anbstitated as an »noore. In tbo seoond part be gave a aeries of Sootoh melodies in every form of variation, and for the unanimous encore; gave m abarming arrangement of "Gentle Annie." M. Dsuay, ai wo bare said, excelled even himself in all that waa beautifully melodioue. Nothing can be imagined sa fairy-like as the modulations he introduces, wblsneiing like tbo faintest breathings of tto JE <lim barp, all sont, all feeling ; and anon the rich chords iweep tempesto. , ously tbrungh the air filling all space witb tUeir echoes. This is the oase with everytbiog pl/jid by M. Doney, no need, therefore, to particularise points of perfection in eaab. His first piece, on Wednesday, was a striog of pearls from Meyerbeer's " Prophète," inoludlng the tenor eil " Pour Berthe," the " Paa des Patineurs," tbe " Anabaptista' Choran," and tbe grand " Coronation M.iroh." That a stormy ensore followed wavbutnatntal; and tben M. Douay indalged in a whole volume of quips and cranks, fenoles, conversation ol a thousand impp, voices of every tons, high and low, ronrh and piping, In fact a conglomeration of sounds impossible to imagine. " rh?ee exuberant fenoles M. Douay indulgos in when the merry humour seizes bira. Bat for real ra'bop, what can exsrl Ibe pieoe be played in the second part, "Sweet Spirit," from Lurline. In this the artist shows that his whole nalnre is muBio oonoentrated to ile snblimeBt and moat spiritual intensity. The tones seem to chasten tbe thoughts sod refine the feelings of fie hearer. Seldom bave we beheld an audienoe so en* tranced as in catobiog the melting sounds ; the very air seemed listening. In tbie, also, M. Douay waa encored in a manner that ehowed the pent-ap spirit giving vent in burets of delight. And even whilst tbe vooalilte we e engaged in filling-np tbeir portion of tho oonent, the tones of M. Douay's violoncello wailing, jiyous, or martial, B9 occasion reqoired, might bo beard in lion ohords, or In oblígalo aooompanlmrnt from behind the ourtained coreen. Miss Beverley, MeBsre, Beaumont and Wilkinson, varied the ^instrumental portion of the oonoert with come plouslog songs and duetc Miaj Beverley nea an egretable full merz .soprano voice, and moah exeoutive tasto, with great oonfldeuce lor one so young. It is to te boped shs will exerotso all on better pieces than snob a song sa " Tbe Captain oanght a Bly glance at me." We trnst to bear her ia some ttior, witb the gentlemen vooallstw Mr. Bsaumonl's rlob and powerful obest.voioe tc B lunded with great purity in Haifa's song " Good Night,'* with its eooore, " Ooma into tho garden, Maude," and *. My pretty Jane." A few years Blady under a great master, woold make something enviable of Mr. Bean* mont. Mr. Wilkinson's contributions were Ka Hot'a "Landof my dearest happiest Feelings," end '? Kit tha Cobbler t* ol the latter we can only say that it might well hove been left to tbe very superior taste ol Mr, Faiqa* baraon, whose version is soweit known in Sydney, In suooeeding oonecrta, we understand, Messrs, Douay and Poussard will favour us with soma compositions of tba olessloal aohool, and if a pUmst ol equal uallbre b . avail- able, we may expeot trios by RelBsigur, Meadolssobn, or Beethcven. AxTBHSTBD PRISON BABAKIN« AT MUDOEB -On Sa. lurday night OB Mr. Hardy, the gaoler, was examining the gaol previously to going to bed; he notiood a pleas of wood near the door of. one of tbe cells in whioh two prisoners of the names of Sambo and Lloyd wi-re con» fined. Upon further examination Mr. Hardy dlBoovered . that the two men bad broken the iron from Iho top of the nlgtfc tab, and tbat tbey bad, witb an Industry worthy of a better cause, removed two pieces of hoards from lha lop of the ocll near the iroa gratiog. Mr. Hardy trans- ferred thom to nnotber oell, and took précaution i which will prevent tbem again renewing tbeir attempt toeaoape. -Sinoe the above was put io type, tbo following Inquiry has been held at the gaol before G. Warburton, Esq., P.M., and G. H. Cox, E q. Piter Dickson Hardy deposed tbat tba two prisoners wore in bli ouslody nnoer warrant) pro* duced. On Saturday night tatt about ten o'clock ha wont round with tbo warders on night duty to ex mir* tbe cells; Inside tbe cell ooouplod by the prisoners ha found a pleoe of wood, and upon further eia nlnatioo ho found two boards had been removed from (be «Ides of the grating. In their nell be fonnd tbat tbe iron hoop bod coen removod from the night Inb; upon at-blng tha prisoners what tbey had been doing. Lloyd Bald he bad been doing nothing; he remoter! tha priainem to nnutber eoll ; on tha top of the grating ha found four piiioco of iron boop ; pnrt ot tho rnoriar had bein workod out. W. Smith, ti wa:Jur, oooflimed the previous wit» nwe'i t'vliloner. Both prisoners vroro ot m ¡silted for, triol.- Wetttrn Vott. 