THE INEBRIATE ASYLUM, NEW YORK. This is an asylum for drunkards who voluntarily enter it for the purpose of abandoning their drinking habits, having lost all power of self control while subject to the everyday temptations which surround them. The trustees of the proposed Inebriate Asylum in New York have issued an appeal to the Churches of the United States and the American public for assistance, some of the statements are startling, as— " Who can doubt the vital importance of such an asylum, when, even before its first story is completed, applications have been made for admittance, many of which are from patients themselves? Among the applicants are 28 clergymen, 36 physicians, 42 lawyers, 3 Judges, 12 editors, 4 army and 3 naval officers, 179 merchants, 55 farmers, 515 mechanics, and 410 women, most of them ladies. "How came all these to be prostrate and so disgraced ? Did they descend to drunkenness and shame with one step, or did they go down by the dangerous stairway of moderation ? " Twenty-eight clergymen"—men who were if we believe their profession, called by the Holy Ghost to watch the flock of the faithful, and to be themselves sentinels and guardians upon the walls of Zion ; these men by the way of moderation, have fallen—alas ! how low. "Thirty six physicians"—men who knew the danger that lurks in the cup of abominable things and yet partook of its unholy and destructive contents. They are prostrate and helpless, in the fiendish power of the tyrant which has bound them in his adamantine chains. Forty-two lawyers'— men, who by the practice of their honourable profession, see often deep into the affairs of others; they have turned their knowledge into licentiousness, have disgraced humanity and the bar, and are now shivering inebriates seeking admission into the halls and retreats of the Asylum. 'Three judges'—conservatives of the peace, parity, and protection of their respective jurisdictions—men who minister the law themselves, prostrated below the poor creatures upon whom they executed the vengeance of the violated statute, and their ermine dragged in the pollution of Bacchanalian degradation. " 'Twelve editors'—men who, for the sake of the community and themselves, ought to abstain from, and honestly denounce, any participation in the demoralising customs of society—they advertised the poison in their columns! took bribes, perhaps, to slander the temperance cause, and, fell into the snares which they assisted to set for others. " And the 'army and navy seek a representation within the halls of the Drunkard's Asylum. ' 179 merchants ! —what horrible havoc upon the commercial enterprise, industry, and intelligence of the country. '55 Farmers'—who should have been publicly useful in their day '515 mechanics—men who might have carved out an honourable name, and left an unsullied reputation—how degraded'. "'Four hundred and ten women from the high walks of life!' Horrible words! What a summary. Surely the demand is loud to the pulpit, the platform, and the press, to 'stay this plague.—American Paper. 