NEWS AND NOTES. On Saturday, at the City of York Hotel, Ballarat, Dr. Clendinning held an inquest on the body of John Allaway, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on Thursday instant, in his own house, Mopoke Gully, Ballarat, and arose from natural causes, being caused by extensive inflammation and mortification of the small intestines, arising from a strangulated inguinal hernia of the left side. The deceased was a native of Gloucestershire, a married man, with a wife and family, and fifty-three years' of age. His parents names were Jacob and Elizabeth Allaway. He was ruptured when fifteen years of age, but never wore a regular truss except of his own making. His health was good until last Christmas, when owing to a portion of some building having fallen upon him, the rupture increased, and his health declined rapidly thereafter. Sunday was the brightest and most spring like day we have had this season, and but for the strong north wind and clouds of dust which drifted about as if there had been no rain for a month, the change from the long period of wet weather would have been unquestionably pleasurable. As night drew on the heavens were overcast and the wind howled sug- gestively of a speedy return of rain. On Saturday Mr Young, J.P., attended at the Eastern lock-up and disposed of two drunkards, namely Patrick Tiernan and Ellen Ryan. The first was fined 5s, and the second cautioned and dis- charged. We regret to state that Mr Johnston, secretary of the Scottish and Cornish Gold Mining Company, died at his residence at the Black Lead, on Saturday evening, from injuries received by being thrown out of a cab on Friday last. It appears that the horse swerved in some unaccountable manner just as the deceased was getting into the car, near the British Hotel, Sturt street, and Mr Johnston fell backwards on his head and dislocated his neck. He was re- moved to the hotel, where he was attended by Drs Keiser, Kenworthy, and Nicholson. Feeling that his end was approaching, he requested to be removed to his residence against the wish of his medical at- tendants, and shortly after reaching home he ex- pired. An inquest will be held on the body this day. On Saturday a special meeting of the members of the Turf Club was held in Craig's Royal Hotel, when it was resolved to invite his Excellency Sir Charles Darling to visit Ballarat on the occasion of the Great Champion Race. On Saturday, the police, acting on a warrant placed in their hands by the Revenue department, proceeded to the Hit or Miss Hotel, in Eureka street, and seized about £20 worth of exciseable liquors which were found on the premises. It appears that the landlord had taken out a license for another hotel, now closed, and that he had per- missioa to retail liquors in the house in which they were seized; but who gave the authority, we could not learn. The matter, however, will come before the Eastern Police Court this day. There were no cases for hearing on the criminal sheet at the Western Police Court on Saturday. It was reported on Saturday that Talleyrand, one of the horses entered for the Champion Race, had succumbed to the same disease (pleuro-pneumonia) which has placed Atheling hors de combat. A boy about fifteen months of age, belonging to Mr Alexander McCaw of Clunes, got severely burnt on Saturday in consequence of having, while his mother was employed in taking up the dinner crawled into a fire which had been lighted in the yard for washing purposes. Dr. Robinson is in at- tendance on the little sufferer. We learn that fifteen persons have been discharged from the penal department during the past week. Of this number only three served the full term of their sentences, which were for three months' im- prisonment each. Three were convicted in this town as follows:-Henry Devereux, three years for indecent assault, discharged after serving two years; Michael Hayes, for indecent assault three years, dis- charged after serving two years; John Osborne, in- decent assault two years, discharged after serving a year and three months. Much inconvenience and annoyance have been ex- perienced by several persons who have business to transact at our police courts, owing to the local justices being unwilling to adjudicate in some cases involving difficult points of law. On Friday a gentle- man attended the Eastern Police Court as a witness in a case of alleged robbery, but as there was only Mr Young on the Bench he postponed all the cases save one of lunacy. Two other cases were postponed at the Western Police Court on Saturday as a ques- tion of law was involved, namely, whether a person is a shareholder in a mining company who has not signed the deed of association. The Supreme Court, and Mr Clissold acting on its decision, have ruled that a person so circumstanced is not a shareholder. Many questions of this kind are likely to arise in our police courts, and it would be advisable for the Government to make some arrangement for a police magistrate to take the vacant place of Mr Clissold, until the arrival of Mr Foster, his successor. The president and several members of the Accli- matisation Society repaired to the Botanical Garden Reserve yesterday for a sort of al fresco discussion and enjoyment of things acclimatisational. Wags said the gentlemen in question were gone in quest of the Bunyip, but we are authorised to state that no such thing drew the promo. ... pr...ic fauna thither. Gradually the ?persistent ?endeavors of the committee are developing a home ?for many an old world favorite, and a few years ?hence those who now think lightly of the endeavors ?at ?present being made will learn to be grateful for ?those interested exertions of the society. The contract for the aviary is completed, and an excavation for the gold and silver fish is to be made within the sections of the aviary, in which latter trees have been planted for the delectation of the birds that are to be enclosed there by-and-bye. Breaches of the peace ornithological, we regret to say, have taken place amongst the swans; for, like the Federals and the niggers, the white swans appear to have an undis- guised antipathy to "swans of color." Measures have been taken to separate the disorderlies and teach them to realise the maxim that "birds of a feather, &c.;,". Some larks have been located in Mr Warren's aviary, in Webster street, and will in due course be transferred to the society's aviary in the Botanical Gardens. Fresh consignments of birds and quadrupeds are anticipated, and the gentlemen concerned are bent on energetically carrying out the objects of the society, which we are glad to hear is meeting with increased support. We are sorry to hear, however, that the farmers and other rural residents in the district have not evinced much interest in the aims and labors of the society. An unexpected result has happened in respect to the aviary, for it is found that the native birds, as if tired of liberty outside, find their way into the aviary, and seem very fond of the elegant building which they seem to think has been erected for their convenience. But it naturally occurs to us to inquire how the Accli- matisation Society is to manage to keep its birds in- side this structure when the outside birds manage so easily to get in. We perceive by our advertising columns that two new Wesleyan Churches are about to be erected in the Ballarat "circuit." One is to be erected at Garibaldi Hill, on the Durham Lead, and another at Sebastopol. The latter is to be in bluestone with brick dressings after a design by Mr Doane. The road to the Junction at Warrenheip gets worse and worse. Some of the people in the Forest have given over travelling with their own equipages, the perils and pains of such adventures being too heavy to risk; and they, instead of that risk, grin and bear the payment of 30s per ton cartage over about eight miles of road and bog. One tradesman we have beard of whose dray got bogged in one of the trackless wastes of mud, and who was glad enough to have his horse and cargo rescued. To get out the dray was practically a physical im- possibility, for the axle was broken, and the feat otherwise too prodigious for the Bullarook mind to attempt. Some adventurous spirits, however, more dexterous than honest, improved the occasion after- wards by stealing the wheels. The wreck still lies in the mud, with here and there a jutting angle visible, like the half-buried timbers of a wreck ashore. George Hunt, for the Royal George Quartz Mining Company, has applied for a fifteen years' lease of 24 acres 1 rood 9 perches of ground at Stony Rises. Operations have already commenced. The Gazette announces the forfeiture of the under- mentioned mining leases:-Lease No. 300, dated 19th September, 1862; lessees, James Boughtman and others; 52a 3r 9p.; Victoria Reef, Bullarook. Lease No. 305, dated 13th October, 1862; lessee, James Brawn; 90a; Between Creswick and Cattle Sta- tion Hill. On Saturday night, Messrs Wittkowski Bros. had a magnificent show of gold in their window. There was a 56 oz bar, obtained from the Band of Hope Company, Little Bendigo, and some magnificent specimens from the Result claim in the same locality. Specimens from the new reef, discovered at Stoney Rises, were also exhibited. Bell's Life says :-"It is rumored that Ebor has got into difficulties for the Champion race. At any rate, the other horses went up a point or two, and the best of them were backed, by the clever people before the dead'uns were generally known. We may now quote the Champion betting as follows :- 2 to 1 against Archer (tk fr), 4 to 1 against Mormon (tk), 5 to 1 against Barwon, 6 to 1 against Zoe, 6 to 1 against Camden, 8 to 1 against Haidee (tk), 100 to 5 against Wonga Wonga, 100 to 5 against Mel- bourne. There were no less than ten prisoners in the Eastern lock-up on Sunday night. These, in addi- tion to some remanded cases, the cause list, and that of Friday last, will make up a good day's work for the honorary justices to get through. The following are the weights for the Ballarat Handicap, to be raced for on the 2nd October :- Mr P. Keighran's b h Mormon, aged, 10st 4lb ; Mr P. Dowling's ch g Falcon, 6 yrs, 9st 4lb ; Mr James Wilson's b h Ebor, 5 yrs, 9st ; Mr W. Lang's br h Saturn, 5 yrs7 8st 4lb ; Mr G. Watson's br m Regina, 4 yrs, 7st 9lb ; Mr W. Warren's br g Tramp, aged, 7st ; Mr J. Tait's b c Sir Patrick, 3 yrs, 6st ; Mr W. Lang's ch c Oriflamme, 3 yrs, 6st ; Mr H. Fisher's ch f Rose of Denmark, 3 yrs, 5st 7lb. On Sunday, the Rev. Mr Binks, of Geelong, preached in Wesley Church, Lydiard street, when collections were made amounting to £20, in aid of the building fund for the minister's residence in Barkly street. On Sunday the police arrested a man named Ed- ward Charlton, on the charge of stealing from a Chinese, named Yen Chong, a gold ring and two silver pens. By reference to our Clunes mining report it will be found that the Victoria Company is breaking out stone thickly studded with gold on the 413 feet level from both Robinson's and the Welcome reefs. The Government Gazette of Friday announces that His Excellency will hold a levee, at the Exhibition- building, on Wednesday next, the 16th inst. The Theatre Royal was moderately well patron- ised on Saturday night, and the performances were various. "Cool as a Cucumber," enabled Messrs Hoskins, Leslie, and Laurence, to show their well tried capacity for farce. Miss C. George and Miss Corcoran were also cast for the farce. Mr Symons, as Baron Munchausen, after the fashion of that hero of verbal accuracy as he appeared at the Melbourne Mayor's ball, was the hero of what was announced as a "startling mystic sensation" piece reminiscent of the ball aforesaid. He had not much to do but to appear very drunk and to be demonstratively rest- less when the ghosts appeared, and this he was with- out overdoing the thing. In fact he was very dis- creetly tipsy and funny. The apparitional part of the business was very well managed on the whole and once when the Baron and his host were having a sort of "P.R." pas de deux, the real and the unreal got so mixed up together as to attain to the pro- raised elevation of the mysterious. "The Bleeding Nun" concluded the programme verv successfully, and thus the reign of Pepper and Ghosts is over for the present at this house. This evening the enter- taiment consists of Ethiopian performances by the Campbell Minstrels. Mr Childers, M.P., sends a copy of the report of the Royal Commissioners appointed to inquire into the question of crime and secondary punishment. The recommendations of the commissioners may be summed up thus:- "1. That sentences of penal ser- vitude should not in future be passed for shorter terms than seven years 2. That the principle already recognised by the law, of subjecting ?recon victed criminals to severer punishment, should be more fully acted on. 3. That convicts sentenced to penal servitude should be subjected, in the first place, to nine months' separate imprisonment, and then to labor on public works for the remainder of the term for which they are sentenced, but with the power of earning, by industry and good conduct, an abridgment of this part of their punishment. 4. That all male convicts, who are not disqualified for removal to a colony, should be sent to Western Aus- tralia during the latter part of their punishment. 5\. That those who may be unfit to go there, but may earn an abridgment of their punishment, and who may consequently be discharged at home under license, should be placed under strict supervision till the expiration of the terms for which they were sentenced, and that the necessary powers should be given by law for rendering this supervision effec- tual. "The Silver Gun" has at last been publicly pre- sented to Capt. Ross. The Home News says:- "On the 20th of July the prize was delivered to the successful competitors at the Wimbledon meeting, by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. A rifle, mounted with silver, and not included in the list of prizes won at Wimbledon, was presented to Captain E. Ross, Cambridge University. This weapon had been purchased with sum of £150, subscribed by the Australian colonists, on hearing of his original success. In a letter published in the English papers, dated 1st July, Mr Knight, the acting emigration agent for Victoria, states that, during the time he was in Manchester, the rush of applicants to his office was so great that he was obliged to call in the aid of the police, to keep the place from being blocked up, and that, in the course of a month, not less than 12,000 persons applied to him for passages to Vic- toria ! The last competition for the selection of ten volun- teers to represent Victoria in the ensuing struggle with New South Wales took place on Thursday, at the long range butts, Saltwater River. The weather was very favorable up to two o'clock, but after that time showers of rain interrupted the firing, and made the shots very difficult to be distinguished on the target. Sergeant Sleep, of the Ballarat Rifles, was the highett scorer, he making 144 points with seven rounds at each distance, being equal to 100 points at five rounds. Private Macartney, of Sand- hurst, McNaughten and Kelson, of St Kilda made 135 points, each being equal to 97 in the previous matches of five rounds. The following scores were made by other members of the Ballarat corps:- Sergeant Mumby, 120; Sergeant Dixie, 106; Pri- vate Greenfield, 131. 