WOODSIDE. [Correspondent. J October 22. By some mishap or other my last communication miscarried. I refer to it leBt the friends of the Mechanics' Institute and the Primitive Methodist Chapel should think that I neglected to speak of the lecture by Canon Russell on ' Grbosts' at the Court House, and also of the lecture by the Bev. J, Bead on ' Martin Luther' in the District School-room. In the missing communication these lectures were re ferred to. Last Monday week and several times since we have had 'some copious showers, which will tend to esta blish the growing crops, and occasion a more abundant harvest than was previously anticipated. Daring last night and this day thunder and lightning have sur rounded us more or less, with sultry heat, but with little rain comparatively speaking. Last Sunday morning we had the presence of the Bevds. H. Chester, of the Bnrra, and Win. Brown, of North Adelaide, in the Wesleyan ChapeL In the evening the Rev. W. Brown preached to a large con gregation, from Acts xxvi. 28th verse. The anniversary of the Scotch Church, Jjaver brackie (near to Woodside) took place on Wednes day afternoon, the 21st instant ; a very sumptuous tea was provided by the ladies. Mr. Wm. Milne, { M.P. took the chair at the public meeting, which was I very fulL The Bev.' T. Macbean, the pastor of j the church, gave a lucid account of the Scotch esta- 1 blishment, referring bntk ft the days pf £jng Donald, J in the year 302, who embraced Christianity, in support of its antiquity, and to many occurrences, both ancient and modern, that gave strong indica tion of its energy and activity- He stated that the present gathering of the congregation and there friends of other denominations was not because there was a debt on this church to liquidate, but rather to increase a Christian and kindly feeling towards each other, as well as to assist in meeting the necessary incidental expenses connected with the repairs of the church and the manse. He thought that probably the time had come when they ought to contemplate the erection of a new and more commodious building to worship in. The Rev. A. Law spoke on Christian liberality, and said that all should give according to his means, and each should give cheerfully. The Eev. R. Haining, of Adelaide, remarked that it was many years ago since he opened the present place of worship. This church was for a time the first and only place of worship in the Mount Barker district. He thought it had done its work, and as the esteemed pastor of the place had hinted the desirability of a new building, he felt in that he must concur. In reference to Christian union, he could not expect to see the time when the Church of Christ woald be under one government, but he should like to see a more general interchange of pulpits. Mr. James Johnston suggested that the new church be built in the township of Woodside. He would promise to give them au eligible site of land, but hoped that they would so arrange that there should not be a Urge debt hanging. Mr. Randall, assisted by bis daughter, enlivened the.meet ing at various times by playing on the harmo nium and singing ' Zion,' and ' Sound the lond timbrel.' When called upon by the Chairman to address the meeting, he quoted several pieces of poetry, the most impressive of which was part of one on 'Time,' by Jane Taylor. A vote of thanks to the ladies, the visitors, Mr. Randall and his daughter, and to the Chairman, and singing the National Anthem, closed the proceedings of the meeting. The collection collected amounted to nearly £9. 