MELBOURNE NEWS. (Age.) A return relating to the trade and commerce of the colony lias been laid beforo Parliament, from which we learn that there is a serious tailing off in the Customs revenue in 1SG2, as compared with tho previous year. The total decrease amounts to 10 per cent. Under the head of gold, we find a tlc crca -e of 25 per cent.; wine and beer, 20 per cent.; spirits, 11 per cent. ; and tea and coffye, 4i per cent On tho other hand, there is an increase from new dut'cs on malt and hopsj and also on sugar and molasses. . Wo are glad to be able to inform our readers that tho extraordinary spectral illusions which have created so . great a sensation in London, at the Britannia Theatre . and the Polytechnic Institute, will, in all probability, be soon produced in Mel bourne. An experiment was tried beforo a few gen tlemen on Wednesday, in a building calculated to t>'s: it to the utmost, and its success was complete. The ghost walked about in the most palpable way, and did all that was required of it, a very little me chanical contrivance being alone required to make a public appoaraucc-ono that would afford tho most tremendous new sensation heard of in these matter of-fact times. (Herald.) The charge sheet of thfi City Court, on Thursday' was the shortest that has been known for years, only ono inebriate, who was fined and sent about his business, and a wife beater, who was bound over to keep the peace. Tho lvatch- house was then le. t an tenanted, and thero were no prisonors for con veyance to tho gaol. Wo understand that tho appointment of usher to tho Legislative Council has been yonferred upon Mr Albert Le Soeuf. Mr Livy withdrew his motion, in the Assembly, last night, for the presentation of an address to his Excellency, asking him to place a sum of £200 on the estimates, for the purchaso of a bust of tho Governor, on the promise of tho Chief Secretary that tho Governmeut would take the matter in hand. MR. MARSHALL AND THE ALL ENGLAND EI.EVES.-The news that the All England Eleven will visit the, Australian colonies, under Mr. G-. Marshall's agency, has been received in New South Wales, ana has elicited an, expression of feeling there. There has been some talk, oil the part of newspaper correspondents, of " revenge upon an ungenerous antagonist, by rushing the Domain when the Eleven are playing, and enjoy ing the fun at Marshall's expense." On the other hand, a desire has been expressed, on behalf of the Sydney players, that .past differences should be forgotten, and that a fitting reception should lie accorded to the champions, and a proper degree of support given to their introducer. It appears that the latter; is the prevailing sentiment, and that precautions can easily be taken to prevent any display of rowdyism on the part of the few would-be' wrongdoers. The ^desire of the cricketers of Victoria is certainly to let bygones be ; bygones. It is to be hoped that nothing will he allowed to occur in tho sister city either to prevent the re-establishment of a good feeling between the players of the two colonies, or to dis grace the patrons of the game in the presence of the representatives of "All England."-Argus 