" TOOZLING THE LASSE?." THE Court of Session at Edinburgh has been lately " seistd," if that be the proper term in Scotch lair, of a case throning some curious light on the morals and manners which appear to prevail in the provincial districts of Scotland. A young lady, thirty years of age, tho daughter of a respectable medical man at Strathavon, ** pursued'' one Mr. Thomas Tennent, a banker, ironmonger, end merchant; insurance agent, end landed proprietor, of the same town, for seduc- tion and breach of promise of marriage, laying I the damages at £2000. The young lady hid ' given birth to a child, whose paternity the " defender'' did not absolutely deny, but he offered to provide for the infant if it wero sworn to him. A number of crediblo wit- nesses, such BS clergymen, lawyers, bunk agents, and schoolmistresses, deposed to the respectable character of tho girl before she became a mother ; and it is not, wo believe, uncommon even in Scotland for yoong women to be chaste up to the time of their being seduced. On the other hand, Mr. Tennent denied that he had ever promised the " pursuer " marriage, ni though he coolly admitted that he had visited her in a stealthy manner, and had onrried on an illicit intrigue with her. This led up to an astounding series ol revelations as to the custom of " tooz'ing " prevalent at Strathaven. Tho " pursuer" acknowledged having received visits from Mr, Tennen', and having consented to a good deal of kissing and other ultra-Arcadian endearments, bat purely in the way of "diversion." Tho daughter of the postmaster of the town then gave a remarkable descrip- tion of the " toozling " carried on at the post-office. The letters, it appears, wcro habitually sorted in the kitchen, and a number of girls and mon-the " pursurer" and Mr. Tennent among the number -used to resort to this underground trysting place for the purpose of " diversion," consisting in hugging, kissing, sitting on each other's knees, struggling, and similar, clapperclawing. Occasionally there was an adjournment upstoirf, where much "tumbling"-always with an eye to innocent"diversion"-took place. The scene of high romps exceeds anything that the colder English imagination could depict without aid from the ghost of Burns, or anything that could be BDcially tolerated south of" moral Scotland/ Tho fair "pursuer" herself confessed that on ono occa- sion a number of girls and men were "roll ng about together " on the kitchen floor ; and added with mnch naivete,'that it was " tho custom of tho place." The postmaster's daughter said that she had seen plonty of girls in Strathavon kissed nnd toozled," and that " it did not hurt their cha- racter," even when, as sometimes happened, the gas was pnt out. The judge, Lord Barcaple, seemed extremely shocked at the notion of the " toozling " in the kitchen, and the subsequent adjournments ; but the jory by their verdict, seemed to accept the doctrino that " toozling " was substantially innocent, and that tho man who would take advantage of his " tooz'ing " privileges for. the purpose of seduction was unworthy of tho namo of a North Briton. At any rate, they cast Mr. Thomas Tennonf,bmker, ironmonger, «ti., in one thousand pounds damages. Thc de- cision, was, we learn, roeflTvod with applause by a crowded court; nnd wo have no doubt that tho portion of tho auditory that belonged to Strathaven took the first train back to that most pastoral market town to announce a result so conservative of " toozling." as a local insti- tution. In the abstract, we have not one word to say against this practice, which seems very much altin to tho old Welsh fashion of " bundling," and somewhat analogous to a usage which is slowly dying out in Brittany, It may be tho " custom of the country," and for a most vivid description of energy with which a similar amusement can be defended we refer our readers to a certain play by Beaumont and Fletcher; only we thought that " customs >' of this kind were, if not extinct, at least moro hononred in the breach than in tho observance. When the great and good Dr. Doddridge was a young man, he tells us in his correspondence, a favourite romping game in respectable familios WAS to spread a snoot on thu stairs, on which a number of young ladies seated themselves. The young gentlemen then took hold of the lower corners of tho sheet, and, dragging it down, the young ladies fell, naturally, in a heap, and a grand battle-royal of frolic ensued. This was a very nico game, and a merry one, and moral, no doubt, so far as it went ; but wo are inclined to doubt whether even Dr. Gumming or Mr. Spurgeon would approve of it in well-regulated circles of tho proBont day. Wo repeat, however, that we have no wish, abstractedly, to interfere with the Scotch " toozling." To go to kirk thrice a day, to swill " whisky" between whiles, to shut np the I Botanic-gardens, and to " toozle" vehemently ; after evening prayers, may all bo part of the perfervid genius of the Scotch; only, looking at. the matter in the concrete, and reasoning a little by analogy, wo are inclined to apprehend that a too devotional indulgence in " toozling" may have serions effects on the national statistics. How mush of the disgraceful preponderance of the " unco guid" Scotland in the scale of illegiti- mate births is due to this diversion we cannot absolutely say ; but wo may reasonably suppose that one of the chief causes is to be found in suoh scenes as the saturnalia of the postmaster's kitchen in Strathaven.-Baily Telegraph. 