VICTORIAN MEMS. The following remarkable instance of a narrow escape jfrom death by lightning, is given in Uie Sallarat jftwt t—The Bev. Mr. Power, Church of England iiuhister at Miner's Best, and his wife, had a most miraculous escape yesterday evening, from being killed lightning. It appears that the thundor storm (which passed over this town was seen in .all its awful irandeur at Miner's Best, and as Mr. Power was inTtbe act of unbuckling the saddle girths of a very favorite black mare, prior to putting her in the stable, the was struck by a flash of lightning, which caused] her instantaneous death. Fortunately the gentleman escaped unhurt^ and beyond a considerable shock «fiffere<? no inconvenience. Hot so Mrs. Power, in the bouse which adjoins tbe stable^ for the entered there, tearing up the boards, knockthe 'furniture, clocks, &c.;, and causing confright to the inmates. Mis. Power waB so ljured that she had to be removed to tbe of a neighbor, where she received medical at- [ving notice of dishonor of bills, tbe utmos 4 irity is necessary, as many a litigant has discoveredlto his cost. The Sallarat Star sayst—"In the Circjuit Court case, Laurie and another t>. Cameron iday, it was ruled that the addition of the wordsi'' post office' to an address, when the ordinary , address did not include these words, vitiated the notice. A verdict for tbe defendant was directed on that ground. 1 ' Some interesting proceedings have taken place at the office of Messrs. Dalgety and Co., in connection with tbe experiment of packing colonial beef in casks and submitting it to the test of a voyage to Europe and back again. It may be recollected that this experiment was suggested by the council of tbe Board of Agriculture, and that two Melbourne firms entered into competition in tbe matter, each submitting three tierces of beef properly packed up, two tierces of each sample oeing sent on tbe voyage, and tbe remainder retained ;in the colony. The six tierces were opened yesterday, in the presence of the threejudges—Captain Henry, qf the Omer Pasha; Captain Norman H.M.S, Victoria j and Mr. Bignell. There were also present Mr. Matson, Secretary of tbe Board of Agriculture, and several other gentlemen whose practical experience admirably qualified them for forming an opinion upon the result of the experiment. We understand that a portion of the beef from each cask was boiled, and a most agreeable luncheon improvised, the result being that the judges and tbe other gentlemen present pronounced,the meat to be delicious in color, condition, and every other respect. There was no perceptible difference between wbat bad voyaged to England and the portion retained in the colony. Capt. Norman aud Cajjjt. Henry said that the meat was far superior to any tbey had been accustomed to receive as ships' stores. ITiieBe gentlemen also observed that for beef of an inferior quality, tbey were habitually charged £6 and |£G 10s. per tierce in England. Mr. Bignell states that he can Bupply them an article similar lo the meat under experiment, at tbe rate of from £3 to £3 10s. per tierce. So far, nothing could be more satisfactory than the result of this interesting test. We understand that a further experiment will be made toiday, in Messrs. Dalgety's office, at half-past twelve. | Additional interest is imparted to these proceedings, by tbe fact, that some of tbe beef submitted to tbe 6ea voyage, was packed in colonial casks made of the white wattle, and that it received not the slightest!detrimentin color or flavor. The experiment bas thusiresulted favorably for two important branches of Victorian enterprise.—M. Herald. The visit of the Beans to Australia seems, so far> to have proved a failure. The Argus of Friday asks: —" Why have tbe Kcans not yet received among us the recognition to which tbey have an indisputable right ? For it is no use concealing from ourselves the fact that tbey have as yet failed to receive it; and the sooner this is admitted, the better hope there will be that tbe wrong done them shall bo retrieved, and tbe diBgrace to us of its continuance averted. It is not that the inabitants of Melbourne are not a theatregoing people. Night after night talent immeasurably inferior lo that of Mr. and Mrs. Kcans has drawn crowded houses, and been greeted with thunders of applause. Is it that the public taste has become so perverted that true art is not recognised P Can it be that the public eye carelessly tolerant of false art and bad taste, has become blind to the absolute living truth and perfect taste which characterise tbe representations now being given at the Haymarket? It would seem so. 8uch is the penalty nature cxacts of those who tolerate her abuse. They shall not have tbe eye to recognise her when she stands before them in undisguised beauty and simplicity. It is only upon thiB theory that we are able to account for tbe comparative apathy with which Mr. and Mrs. Kcans have been hitherto received in Melbourne. We learn from the Argus thot, in the Supreme Court, on the 22nd ultimo, the assignees of the Provinent Institute opened a new phase of legal proceedings in that estate. Under tbe Winding-up Act, the chief-commissioner lately directed them to apply for an order of tlie-court for the final winding up of the estate, and tbe fixing of tbe various persons' liable as contributories, to make good each in his proportion the sum by which the assets fall short of the liabilities. It is estimated by the assignees that what has been paid, and what will yet be paid, in dividends out of the assets will make a total dividend of 10s. in tbe pound. ThecontributoricB will therefore be called on to make good thcotber 10s. in the pound. The Landsborough correspondent of the Talbot Leader announces a remarkable enterprise, " It is rumored,'! he says " that a company is about to be started for tbe purpose of tunneling the Bedbank and Moonambel dividing range from its southern base. Such a work will require a very large capital, but the speculation, there is every reason to believe, will prove a paying one in the long run. Bicb alluvial deposits have been found on the Moonambel end Bedbank sides of tbe range, and scarcely a lump of quartz, with which thiB mountain barrier is so profusely strewn, when tested, fails to show tbe presence of the precious metal. Several leaders have been traced to a depth of 160 feet, and now yield sufficiently well to remu- nerate a few hundred miners t but it is confidently believed that at a depth of 500 or 600 feet the main quartz' lodes would bo struck ; the latter, from the hardness of the rock to be pierced on tbe higher levels requiring an expenditure of time and labor that by the tunneling process could undoubtably be more economically and profitably invested." Mr. Arthur Welshman's store at Osborne's Flab Yackandandah, was burnt to the ground on Sunday night. It is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary. An investigation into the matter will be beld. The stock and store together are insured for £600 in the Australasian Fire and Life Insurance Company. Pleuro-pneumonia—or, at least, some organic disease wliicb tbe farriers call by tins name—seems to be spreading rapidly among tbe horses of the colony. The provincial journals have mentionod a number of difi'ent cases lately, in which horses have been found to be afflicted with affections of the lungs , and pleura, and we are credibly informed that many of the cab horses of Melbourne bave been and'are; , now being treated for the complaint. We are by no.means satisfied that-this epidemic is appropriately designated " pleuro-pneumonia,*' but the bet of its existence is at least worth investigation. It may not be uninteresting to many of our readers to learn (says the Daglesford Express), that within a few miles of Daylesford, resides a veritable brother of Gilbert, the bushranger. He is engaged in tilling a farm upon the banks of the Coliban, not far from the Farmer's Arms Hotel, on the Malmsbuiy road. We hare been informed that Mr. Gilbert expresses considerable rqgret at the course of life his brother is leading. " . . , We are sony to learn to learn that this Polytechnic ghost has met with a disaster in the Castlemaine district, which might almost be placed under tbe heading of " Fatal Accidents." It is thus related by the 31. A. Mailt—"Up-country roads and ricketty bridges have proved too much for the Polytechnic ghost. As our readers _ are aware,' a large sheet of plate glass' forms the chief part of the apparatus with which the optical, illusion is effected. After appearing in Castlemaine, Mr. Merlin took hiB ghost and the -wizard to Kyneton; they then visited Daylesfordond Guildford. On all these journeys the ghostly glass was packed most carefully; still it received very- severe shakings... At length Mr. Merlin and Professor Schiler attempted to reach Yandoit. The heavy nuns bod reduoed the roads to a condition which is better imagined than described. A certain creek had to be passed. Tbe. vehicle -containing the precious paraphernal waB dragged throughthemire with great difficulty. While on the ro"ugh bridge, and in attempting .to get it ovpr, tbe jolting was so severe that the large sheet of glass was reduced to what Paddy would describe as * smithweens,' and the professor's 'insgic table,* and other goodsand chattels, were reduced to small atoms. SKEKOK.—W-e are requested to notify,th»t Mr. 3. S.'Tbomsan will preach again on Sunday morning next at the Court Houses Wodonga, 