RUST IN WHEAT: ITS NATURE AND SUPPOSED CAUSE. [FROM THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD;] —JAMES. K. CHISHOLM, Camden park, 4th December. SIR, —As a large portion of the wheat crops on the east coast of this colony, embracing a tract of country from shoalhaven on the south, and extending as far as the Clarence or Grafton district in the north, have recently fallen a sacrifice to a blight commonly called the rust; perhaps yon will be kind enough to allow me sufficient space for a few remarks upon the subject, which at the present time, may not prove uninteresting to a number of your readers, although they may contain nothing that is new, or of a practical nature. The effect of this cereal visitation is un fortunately but too well known to the agricul turist, but the dause which excites the evil is not altogether so apparent, and is often attributed by our rural population to the ravages of the opases or some other mysterious kind of varmint which, like a thief in the night, robs them of their industry, at a time too when hope is pregnant with success, and there is every prospect of abundance. To those who entertain this opinion, it will be sufficient to remark that insects have as little to do with the failure of their crops as fleas with small pox," The aphides, no doubt, occasionally commit great havoc in our fields and sorely try the patience of the horticultuirst, but they belong to a totally distinct class of organised beings, and.are in no way allied to those which form the subject of the ptosont inquiry. It has long been known to the scientific (amongst which learned body I do not pretend to have a place) that many of those diseases which destroy our cultivated plants, and frustrate the hopes of the husbandman, are owing to the presence of minute parasitical fungi, which prey upon the vegetable tissues and divert to their own support and nourish ment the juices intended by nature for the growth and development- of the plant they feed upon. Amongst this class may be reckoned the oidium, or grape disease, which lately proved so destructive to the vineyards of the Continent, and resulted in the complete extirpation of the vino in Madeira. The potato murrain also, which on its first appearance was attended with such disastrous consequences, and which almost ever since has been the bane of the Irish farmer, is now generally admitted to bo a mildew fungus, which absorbs the juices of the stalk, and by prevents the evaporation of those nutritious elements so essential for the support and de velopment of the tubers. Whilst some have even contended, and not (as it appears to me), without good reasons, that many of those fatal epidemics which occasionally attack the human race and decimate our city populations are to bo attributed to fungoid substances, generated in a foul and vitiated atmosphere, and from thenee received into the system. With regard to this, however, there seems to be a difference of opinion, and where doctors differ I will not be presumptuous enough to decide. These fungi constitute an order of very minute plants, which botanists have described as the crypto gamia, from their being flowerless, and having their organs of fructification generally obscure. They are very peculiar in their appearance and development, in which they differ from all other vegetables ; are also ephemeral in their nature, arriving at maturity in an incredibly short space of time, and owe their existence to some exti-aneous cause, either of the atmosphere or soil. They include the mushroom, and an infinite variety of microscopic plants, commonly known by the appearance of mouldiness, mil dew, smut, &c.;, are said to be the active principle in the decay of fruits, and are chiefly found growing on animal or vegetable sub stances in a stage of decomposition, from which they derive their support. Some writers appear to have questioned the propriety of con sidering fungi as plants, and have proposed establishing them into a separate kingdom, assigning to them an intermediate position be tween the two now recognised. Others, again, regard them as nothing more than mere fortu itous developments of vegetable matter, from the circumstance of their being meteoric— springing up after storms, and of an evanescent nature. But, admitting there is much that is remarkable if not inexplicable in their pro duction, by no means follows that wo must have recourse to a theory of spontaneous genera- j tion in order to account for their appearance. I The very air, it is conceded, with which we are j encompassed, teems with the spores of these | minute parasites, which float invisibly about i us, and being of so light and subtle a consistence . arc wafted by every wind that blows over the ’ surface of the globe. The pre- existent germ is everywhere present, and only awaits some special condition to call it into existence. This digression, I trust, will not prove uninteresting, ( and may help to explain more fully the nature of that particular fungus at present under , consideration. The rust, by which name it is generally known, belongs to a particular group, which naturalists have called Uredo, and which, in its character, appears to bo specifi cally identical with mildew, another enemy., of the wheat crop. Like those just referred to, it is a minute fungus or mushroom, which is propagated within the plant, where it takes root and destroys the vegetable tissues. The circulation of the sap becomes suddenly arrested, thoorgansof fructification arorenderedabortive, and, os a natural consequence, no grain forms in the ear. It generally attacks the crop just as it begins to blossom, and a few days is quite sufficient to complete its destruction. When a field is first affected, it assumes a reddish or orange colored tinge, but too indicative of the evil, and which to tho casual observer might bo mistaken for premature maturity. On close inspection it will bo found that the stem is dry apd withered, as if a blast liad suddenly passed over it, and checked all vital action in tho plant. On examining the stem andleaves, they appear to ho covered with a fine rust colored powder which soils tho wood when touched, and from which the name of the disease is derived. This powder is lodged in small oblong patches beneath tho epidermis or outer skin of the stalk, which at first may bo noticed partially raised, and forming a kind of blister or eruption on its surface. These spots are found to consist of thousands of minute globules, which, after a little, burst through their cover ing and are disseminated over tho plant. I am not aware whether it has yet been ascertained by experiment whether the sporules of this fungus arc absorbed from tho roots, as in the case of smut, or whether they enter by the storaolo or exhaling organs of tho growing crop; but as they appear to exist in tho atmosphere, it seems more probable they are deposited on the stems and leaves, from whence they become absorbed. We now come to the consideration of the question, “ What are the special conditions under which this destructive bligh c is developed ?” And boro there appears to bo much diversity of opinion. By some it is supposed that the rust is merely the effect and not the cause of the singular disease, and proceeds from a defect in tho constitution of the plant, which at all times renders it an easy prey to such visitations ; but, admitting there is a predisposing cause (which I think, is more than probable), we have still to account for the primary agent which stimulates the latent pest into action. A variety of opinions has been advanced upon tho subject, none of which appear applicable to the present time, however much they may have explained the origin-of the evil in former seasons. Amongst these I may mention the following:—The action of the sun upon tho crops after heavy dews, when, tho plant being satured with moisture, a rupture of its vessels may take place. A continuance of dull, close weather, accompanied by super abundant moist ure, which encourages - a rank and luxuriant growth, often followed by plethora and debility of constitution. Others again \\\ •u!d seek the true cause in the soil itself, which they think may be deficient in some element necessary for the growth and healthy nutrition of the crop. It will be obvious to all who have paid any at tention to tho present season, that the former of these conditions could not have operated in causing the present calamity. The early spring was characterised by moderate rains and show ers, which acted so favorably on vegetation as to give every prospect of a most abundant har vest, whilst the last few weeks have been warm and dry, both well suited for the maturity of tho grain. It is rather remarkable that the dis tricts which suffered most from drought during the last summer should be those in which the rust is now most prevalent. Perhaps the long dry weather, though most disastrous in its immediate effects, may have developed in our cultivated lands some particular element or in gredient, which, though favoring a luxuriance . of growth in the succeeding crops, was tho cause of ultimate debility, rendering them more sus ceptible of the variable temperature which has been a striking feature of the present season. This, of course, is merely conjectural, but it will afford to rank amongst the other theories men tioned above. Assuming there is a predisposi tion in the growing plant, whereby it is more liable to disease, the question may be asked, “ can any artificial remedy be devised for the prevention of a similar evil in future years?'’ For my own part I fear not, at all events not until those conditions can be correctly ascertained which produce the assumed defect of constitution. It has been suggested to me by Mr. Oxley, a practical agri culturist of this neighborhood, and of many years’ experience, that a judicious application of salt to the soil, which acts as a powerful solvent on its constituents, might greatly modify, if it would not wholly prevent, this much to bo dreaded epidemic. Ho informs mo that two years ago he dressed a field he was ploughing with common salt, which, lor many seasons previous always exhibited more or less rust. He then, as before, sowed it xyith wheat, and although nearly every crop in the district failed through the drought, he reaped an average yield often bushels to the acre, with no trace of rust. Unfortunately the experiment was not repeated the following year, but, not withstanding, this field is tho most free from blight of any on his propert}'. Amongst tho English farmers, I observe, lime is also recom mended, and the immunity of tho Goulburn and Bathurst countries from the pest would ap pear to lend some countenance to the opinion. I fear, however, hot seasons Hko the present may occur, when, as in the case of the potato disease, no human means will bo found sufficient to work off or arrest tho impending calamity. A clerical correspondent addressed a letter to your paper a fow days ago, recommending the steeping of the grain intended for seed in a so lution of lime-water as an infallible preventive of the rust, which ho stated was the common practice in Italy in the neighborhood of Milan. I must say I think his reverence is egregiously mistaken; for in what way the lime-water is to exert a taliamanio influence upon the growth and future health of thp plant, 1 am at a loss to understand. As well might he have prescribed a similar bath to an infant as a sure specific against the small-pox, or ague in after life Perhaps tho rev. gentleman was thinking of the smut, which is also another fungus, often destructive to the wheat crop, but generated altogether in a different Avay. Its spores, which are of an oily or greasy nature, adhere to the grain of a former crop, and being sown with the seed are afterwards absorbed by tho roots of tho,growing plant, within tho structure of which it becomes established— an internal parasite. There, I believe, it maintains a contemporaneous growth, and is finally carried by the sap into the ear, which it completely destroys. In order to get rid of this cereal plague, it is only necessary, as every farmer knows, to steep the seed in lime water, or a solution of sulphate of copper (common bluestone), which destroys its vegetable powers, and effectually prevents its appearance in the crop. It may bo asked, is there any danger of the re-appearance of rust in those fields lately so invested with the evil ? Now although it is true it sometimes assumes an endemic character, some localities showing traces of it season after season, I do not appre hend a general recurrence of the plague, unless those special conditions of climate or soil, per haps of both, concur in producing the unwel come visitor. It will bo perfectly safe to use seeds gathered from infected fields, which, be sides a pinched appearance, retain no element of the disease, as might be supposed. Such visitations are by no means peculiar to our country, but are common in Europe, and espe cially in South America, where rust at times all but annihilates the crops. They were also well known amongst the ancients, who looked upon them as a ghost from Heaven indicative of the wrath of their offended deities, who in this way inflicted summary vengeance on the world. It is not my place to enter on the inquiry as to whether such visitations are to be attributed to the operation of a natural or inexplo rablo law, or whether they must be regarded as the interposition of an overruling Providence; but I think we shall do well to recognise in them the hand of Omnipotence and the ulti mate good of his creatures. The Deity often employs agents which in the eyes of men may appear weak and contemptible, but which, uuder his direction, are all-powerful to effect his most important ends. The potato disease was originally regarded as a great unmixed evil, and it certainly proved a great national calamity, but who can now doubt its great efficacy in the regeneration of Irish husbandry, and the social improvement of the people ? Whether a similar design is to be inferred from our recent misfortunes is not for me to say, but such repeated failures in the wheat crop show the danger and uncertainty of an entire dependence on one article of production, and should direct the attention of rural populations to the cultivation of other articles of use, which nmy eventually prove remunerative. I well know the vis inertia of old habits of occupation, and the prejudice, which exists to any new branch of industry; but in a climate like ours, where the vine and the olive luxuriate, surely some other crop besides wheat might be grown with a fair prospect of success. The question hero naturally arises as to what should be the policy of the Government with regard to colonial products. It is one which in a great degree involves the prosperity of the country, and which should at all times seriously engage the attention of the Legisla ture. To mo the reply is obvious enough, and must be apparent to every unprejudiced mind. In a young colony such as ours, whore capital and population arc necessarily limited, and where the first object is to develop the latest and natural resources of ths soil, it will bo more profitable for years to come, to devote she labor we possess to raise the raw material for evport, rather than homo manufacture. The Government therefore, will show its wisdom by encouraging all such articles of production, not by a resource to the false and all but exploded system of pro tection, which you have ably shown would bo a fraud upon general industry, but by a just and equitable system of legislation, which would invite the investment of capital, and leave pri vate enterprise unfettered. Much, therefore, as I could wish to sec the colony grow sufficient breadstuff's to supply its wants, it is very evident wheat cannot ho reckoned in the category of such productions. There being no foreign market at our disposal, any considerable surplus which might bo grown would be certain to re-act most unfavorably on agricultural pursuits, and throw numbers of farms out of cultivation. The true policy for the country under such circumstances is to raise something less than it actually requires, and to make up a deficiency by importations which it is seen can be managed even at a less rate than it pays our farmers to bring grain into the market. But I have already trespassed too largely on your space and these principles have been so frequently expounded m your columns that little more remains to bo said upon such subjects ; before I conclude per mit me to urge upon the government the expediency, if not necessity of remitting the loan which was advanced from the Treasury to supply the destitute fanners in the commence ment of the year. To exact the obligation would only more efficiently complete the ruin of these poor people, with regard to whom it becomes a question for serious thought,whether some similar measure of relief may not bo re ?uisite to enable them to tide over the calamity, 'he non-payment of tho former loan should bo regarded as a tax or contribution levied upon the colony at largo for u distressed and suffering community. In submitting tho foregoing remarks, I think it only just to state that some of tho observation there advanced are not given as tho result of my experience or observation, but are stated on tho authority of-others, who havo devoted much time and attention to tho study of such subjects. To use a somewhat poetical expression, I have simply endeavored to make a nosegay of culled flowers, and have brought nothing of my own but the string which binds thorn.- Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton is reported to be engaged in writing a new play for Mr Foohter. 