A STORY OF THE WAR. ' The Key West New Era publishes a remarkable narrative furnished to it by two men of the 21st Ohio Regiment, who recently arrived at that place, having effected their escape from the Confederate States.' They were two of a party of 20 whom General Mitchell sent from Huntsville on special service so long ago as the beginning of last April. They were disguised in citizens' clothes, and succeeded in making their way to Chattanooga. There they took the cars for Marietta, Georgia-one Andrews a Kentuckian, and an exceedingly daring fellow, acting as guide and leader, After speaking of their arrival at Marietta, the narrative proceeds : " The next morning before daylight, we again took the cars, and went back the same road to a place called Big Shanty, a refreshment saloon on the line of the Georgia and Atlanta State road, where were encamped about 10,000 Confederate troops. It was the general rendezvous for recruits and the organization of regiments. The train contained a number of soldiers as well as citizens, together with a quantity of provisions. and an iron safe containing a large amount of Confederate scrip to pay the troops at Corinth and here it was that we know the duty we were expected to do-viz., destroy the track and bridges on the line of the road, and thus prevent reinforcements and commissary stores from reaching Virginia, Tennessee, and Georgia. Our whole party consisting of 20, left the cars, and divided into squads of three and four. taking stations on each side of the train-Andrews stationing himself at the coupling pin of the third cat. [It must here be stated that a number of our party were engineers. and thoroughly understood the business we had on hand.] One of our engineers was at his post, and found everything all right. All hands now mounted the cars, although the guard was within three feet of them, the word was given, Andrews drew the coupling pin, and cried ' All right. The train, now consisting of three cars and the engine, was started off' with as little noise as possible. We soon lost sight of the lights at Big Shanty, and at the first curve the train was stopped, and one of the party climbed the telegraph pole and cut the wires ; we then started, and the next point, at a town, name unknown, we tore up the track, and took a rail with us on the car, and thus the continued tearing up the track and cutting the wires after passing a town. Unfortunately, however, for us, the train was running in a very slow schedule, and we were compelled to switch off and let the down train pass us. At the first station this occurred, the engineer of the road made his appearance, and was about to step on the engine, when Andrews told' him he could not come on board, as this was an extra train to run through to Corinth,, and the present party were engaged to carry it there, and in support of the a assertion the iron safe was shown. This apparently satisfied the engineer and we took in wood and water and again started. A second time we were compelled to switch off, and, in order to get tbd switch keys, Andrews who knew the road well, went into the stations, and took them from the office. This caused considerable excitement, but we quieted it in a measure by stating that our train containedgunpowderfor Beauregard at Corinth, and soon after we again started. About 20 miles south of Dalton, we came to bridge and here we set fire to one of our oars, piled on wood, and left it on the bridge, ' designing to set it on fire also. At this time the engineer at the Roma Branch, suspecting that all was not right, started up the track, and, we suppose found the rails torn up, and immediately returned to the junction, took on board a quantity of rails and followed after us. Where he had torn up the rails he immediately laid one, and without stopping to fasten it started over slowly and gave chase. Soon he came to the bridge with the burning car, which had not yet caught the bridge. In the meantime we had switched off to let an express pass, which train was duly informed of our character by discovering the track torn up, and stopped, but was soon joined by the Boyne engineer, who had succeeded in turning the burning car off the bridge ; they then started for us, laying the truck as they went along, which they could do in a much ' shorter time than we could tear it up. Thus it was they overtook us at work, and as soon as we found ourselves discovered speed was our hope, and at it we went, but unfortunately for us our fuel was nearly out, and it was then determined to leave the engine, and take to the woods. Accordingly we stopped and reversed her, intend- ing she should run back upon our pursuers ; but in this we failed, us she had not sufficient steam to turn her over, and our object had failed from a combination of unfortunate circumstances. Ten minutes more would have set the bridge on fire, and the Rome engineer, with rails, could not have followed us, and the down express was entirely useless. It was our intention to have destroyed all the bridges, run into Chattanooga, wait until the evening train passed and then gone on to Bridgeport, destroyed the bridge over the Tennessee River, and then away for Huntsville and join General Mitchel. Our troubles now commenced and the greatest of all our disasters was the division of our party. 'was now every man for himself. We started for the Tennessee River, but, being entirely unacquainted with the country, mistook our way, and, after being hunted through the woods and twice fired at, made our escape. Our travels from this time were a succession of hardships and difficulties. We crossed the mountains, and made the Tennessee River, where we found a small boat, with which we made our way down the river to Stephenson, Alabama. Here we found the entire rebel force in a complete state of con station, occasioned, us we learnt, by a visit from our cavalry, which had made a dash into the town captured a few prisoners, and left that morning. We had succeeded in passing through the town safely, when we suddenly came upon a force of rebel cavalry! commanded by Colonel Stephen- son, who took us prisoners, just 14 days after leaving the balance of our party. We were immediately recognized as belonging to Andrews's party, and, after being confined one night in Stephenson, we were taken on the cars to Chattanooga, and confined in gaol, where we found the whole party. It was endeavored to make us give the name of the engineer, as they had a terrible fate in wait for him, but not one of the party would divulge his name. A court-martial was ordered for the trial of Andrews, and Pittcnger, of the 2nd Ohio, was taken out as a witness, and by alternate offers of pardon and persecution they endeavored to make him testify against Andrews, but he was true to his word and companions, and the Court could gain nothing from him. Andrews and Pittenger were then sent back to us in gaol, and we expected nothing less than the whole party would be hung. At this time, about May 10, Chattanooga was threatened by our forces, and, for, safe keeping, we were run off to Madison, Georgia. At Marietta the cars were stopped by a mob who threatened to drag us from the cars and hang us to, a tree, but the officer in charge of the train prevented them from carrying it into execution by placing a strong guard around the car, and the mot), after a great effort, was dispersed. We arrived in safety at Madison, where, after being kept in confinement three days, we were informed we were again to be taken to Chattanooga, as the Yankees did not intend to try and take that place. Accordingly, we were again taken back to that place, where the whole party-22 in number-were charged with heavy rain, and confined in a dark dungeon, 13 foot square, and for six weeks were fed on half fare, of the most miserable quality. We were stripped of all in our pockets, and left without a cent. Again the court-martial was ordered, but this time at Knoxville, and 12 of our party were taken there, and confined in large iron wages. The Court found seven of them guilty of being spies and lurkers around the ramps. Our forces at this time advanced upon Cumberland Gap, and Knoxville was threatened, and in order that we might be safely kept the whole party, including the ten at Chattanooga, were sent to Atlanta, Georgia. Previous to leaving Chattanooga, Andrews's sentence was read to him, which was that he was to be hung in six days. It was then determined to attempt an escape by cutting through the gaol, which was accomplished in one night, and just at daybreak Andrews | twisted his blaaLnt into the form of a rope, and succeeded in reaching the fence. Wholam next followed, but was discovered. Andrews, in attempting to climb the gaol-yard fence was also seen and fired upon by the guard. but succeeded. in getting over. Whelan also made a dash and cleared the fence. Both then took to the river, and for the time escaped. ' Three days afterwards Andrews was captured, and brought back, and seven days elapsed before poor Wholam was found. He had travelled. 80 miles down the river, and was twice within hail of the Union gunboats, but was afraid to make himself known. As soon as those two had been brought back, Andrews was chained hands and feet, and the irons on waited on, the shackles being of immense weight, and sufficient to have held an ox. The whole party were then run off to Atlanta, Geor pia. On the 7th of June Andrews was taken from the gaol and hung or rather strangled to death, for the tree on which they hung him was so low that when his head touched the limb his toes touched the ground, and it was necessary to dig the sand away in order that he could be choked ; his irons and shackles were still on him. After remaining in gaol about 7 days,' the Provost-Marshal came to our cell and took out the seven that were tried _ at Knoxville. These were taken from the cell into an adjoining prison, and then sentence of death was read to them, and permission refused them to return to their comrades before execution, which took place in half an hour after leaving us. They were hung with cotton ropes, and two of the party broke down, and were allowed to live about an hour, and see them put their comrades in coffins, after which they were again hung up and their lifeless bodies passed our gaol window in about half an hour. The balance of the party. expecting from day to day to be taken out and hung, still lingered on a most miserable existence for the space of four months. In October we were told that a Court-martial was about to be convened to try us, and it was resolved to attempt an escape. Accordingly, on the evening of the 15th of October, just as our gaoler brought up our supper, we, together with a Captain Fry, who was confined with us, known as the notorious Captain Fry, spy, and bridge-burner, rushed from our cell, took the keys, and released four other prisoners, and in a body fell upon the guard and disarmed them. We then succeeded in scaling the fence, and took the shortest cut for the woods, distant about a mile. By this time the guard and sentinels were after us, and, as they began to fire upon us, our party scattered and ran every man for himself. We two, however, kept together, and made good our escape. How many of the party were retaken or shot it is impossible to say Captain Fry, after being repeatedly shot at, staggered and fell ; it is therefore pretty certain that he was killed. We kept on, and after wandering in the woods for twenty-two days, occasionally coming within hearing of cavalry, and several times being near caught, subsisting upon corn and such things as we could forage, we reached the borders of the Chatahooche River, and there found a boat, with which we came down the stream, and, after alternate rowing and drifting, subsisting on raw catfish and berries, we reached Columbus, Georgia, but did not venture in the city, as we discovered a great many soldiers there, Again we started off, determined to reach the Gulf coast, being told by negroes that our blockading fleet were stationed there. After a journey of eleven days, during which we suffered from hunger and thirst, with scarce sufficient lags left of our clothes to cover our bodies, our feet bruised and lacerated, we succeeded in reaching Apalachicola Bay, on the coast of Florida, and there, for the first time in eight months, beheld the flag of the United States floating from the steamer Somerset. We were taken on board and treated with the ut- most kindness, and in due course transferred to the steamer Stars and Stripes, in which, on the 10th November, we arrived at Key West nearly eight months from the time when we left our regiment. ? a MURDER OF A'POLICEMAN.-At Acton, Davey, a policeman, having met two brothers (Brooks) with some stolen palings, reported the circumstance to his superior. Davey went home (the house of a gentleman of which he was taking charge), and was having his supper, when a knock was heard. Mrs Davey opened his door, when a strange man, with a gun in his hand, " Is Davey with on She replied in the affirmative, and called her husband. The motion Davey went to the door the man deliberately presented the gun at him and fired, blowing the roof of his head completely off. In the passage of the house, eighteen feet from where the deceased was standing when he was Eliot, large pieces offers skull were found, and clots of blood and brains. The ceiling and back wall of the passage was marked with shot, and on the floor being swept about twenty shots were found flattened, as if discharged from some kind of fire-arms. It is a marvel how Mrs. Davey escaped with life, for as she had turned her 'meat after calling Davey to the gate, the back and side of her dress were found to be bespattered with the blood, brains, and hair of her unfortunate husband. The bread and meat which he had in his mouth were there half masticated as he fell. The police afterwards went to the home where the brothers lived, and ordered them to get up, asking Isaac if he had any fire-arms. The man replied that he never had any ; but the inspector, on pulling up the mattress, found a gun which had only been recently discharged. Of the two men in custody not much is known. The elder one, Joseph, has been a soldier, and served in the China war; the younger one, issue, was brought up a baker, and served in various shops at Acton and Brentford, but has lately followed the trade of a bricklayer; and his elder brother has worked as laborer. A HOSPITAL PHYSICIAN'S AFTERNOON The staff of the great hospitals is utterly insufficient to allow of their performing themselves the work allotted to them. . . . We discover every now and then a conscientious physician, who tries to do his work. We once calculated this work up in a particular instance. At half-past 6 in the evening the Escul apian bee was putting on his overcoat to return home; he had taken his seat in a wooden bottomed chair at 1 p.m. For five and a-half hours he had sat there ringing his bell. calling out. Come in," examining his patients, and writing prescriptions, without a break. In the course of that period he had counted 4,410 strokes of the heart, listened to 80 chests, looked at 100 tongues, asked 1,120 questions, writtenHUGsoparato receipts, li certificates for clubs, 3 certificates of deaths, and brief notes in the hos- pital books of 29 now patients, giving their age, sex, occupation, duration of illness, residence, and disease. Altogether he had given advice gratis to 224 people, and remarked that he fell short of his usual number. Shall we describe the man at the one of his day's work ? He was so pale that he might have played Ghost in Hamlet in broad sun- light. He was a little deaf on one side from the frequent use of the stethoscope ; one of his fingers was sore from pressing his eyes were wounded ; his back ached intensely; his head was heavy, and his voice was hoarse and tremulous. He had a misgiving that at the close of his work he had written a prescription for one patient or another patient's letter, and was dreadfully put out to find that right or wrong, the patients had gone off with their medicines. As he passed out from the hospital nine persons whom he had never seen in his lifts waited to ask him privately his solemn opinion as to cause some of which had not been before him for weeks, and of which he had no more recollection than of Adamson's face of white despair conveyed to the anxious listeners meanings of which he had not the remotest conception. When he got away from all there were still three long miles yawning between himself and his dinner. Social Science Review. FRENCH SOLDIERS IN MARCHING ORDER.- The precautions taken to prevent our catching cold, and to ensure our comfort and health, I thought then, and think now excessive. In the first place, if the weather were chilly, we were obliged to march in close order-for warmth. As the day grew warmer, the ranks were opened, so that we should not be incommoded by dust and perspiration. As soon as we began to perspire, delirious sergeants, captains, and lieutenants trotted about our colonies shouting to me to button up their coats if they opened them-and diminishing the quickness of our step as we approached the halt and when we did arrive at the halt, woe to the parched soldier who dare touch water until he received orders to do so "Eatbread!" Eat a few mouthfuls of bread before you drink." Rinse your mouth well out before you swallow a mouthful of water !" " Sit on your packs, and not on the ground It' "You, sir, two days sale day police for lying down in the shade. Do you thing we can drag fever and rheumatism about with us? Up with you ! And you there, exposing your chest to the cold air; you'll be writhing like a corkscrew presently !" When we arrived at our destination, the bustle and hurry-scurry was greater. First duties over and the soup eaten, the officers scorned possessed ; they stormed and shouted at the sight of a particle of dnstormudonashoo;theycaused trousers to be turned up to see that there were no damp feet; doctors flew about inquiring after sore heels ; captains grew red in the face, and threatened prisons, dungeons, and even shooting and cutting into a million of little pieces, in their anxiety to BOO everything orderly and comfortable. Before sunset, whether it was bivouac or village, the roof nunn was as quiet as a church. Next morning everybody awoke refreshed, and rather inclined for another march than otherwise.- Dickens's" All the Year informal." , ? I 