Crifles of Mi sift femur. Sevebe.— Theodore Hook once said to a man at whose table a publisher got very drunk, ' Why, you appear to have emptied your wine cellar into our bookseller.' Sjiabt. — A minister, putting his hand upon a young urchin's shoulder, exclaimed, 'My son, I believe the devil has got hold of yep.-' ' I believe so, too,' was the reply. Eailboad Wa&oebt.;— Waggs went to the station of one of our railroads' the other evening, and, finding the best carriage full, said, in a loud tone, ' Why this carriage is'nt going ! ' Of course this caused a general stampede, and Waggs took the best seat. The train soon moved on. In the midst of the in dignation the wag was questioned : ' You said this train wasn't going ?' 'Well, it wasn'nt then,' re plied Waggs, ' but it is now.' The ' sold ' laughed, but Waggs came rather near a good thrashing. Moee Wit tham- Money. — A boy about six years of age -en tared a shop in Dundee and asked for a pint of canary seed. Aa he had no money to pay for it, the shopkeeper*(to whom the boy was well known), wishing to ascertain whether he had been sent by his parents or by any other party, asked, ' Is that seed for your mither, my manuie ?' ' No,'* said the boy, 'it's for the bird.' A Pbodioae Sojt.— It was told of Simon Luttrell that he challenged his son, Colonel Luttrell (after wards Earl of Carhampton), of Middlesex election celebrity, who refused to fight him, ' not because he was his father, but because he was not a gentle man.' A FiVOBITE Steeah.— ' That's a favorite stream, for trout, friend,' observed a piscatorial acquaintance the other day to a genuine sprig of the Emerald Isle, who was whipping away with great vigour at a well known subscription pooL 'Faith, and it must be that same, sure enough,' returned Pat, ' deuce a one of 'em '11 stir out of it.' Wise Saws ank Modeen Instances.— All people are. fond of salt, but Lot was wedded to it. — What is the difference between a sailor and a soldier ? ? One tars his ropes, the other pitches his tent. — A noted bachelor geologist is said to be acquainted with all the rocks except ' roek the cradle.' — What is the best line to lead a man with ? Crinoline. — What is the best line to lead a woman?-. Mascu-line. — A dentist advertises that ' he spares no pains' to render lua operation complete.— ' Why, Dick, have you been moving again ?' ' Yes, Tom. The fact is, I End it cheaper to hire a van than to pay rent.' SOMETHDTO USEFUL. — A young lady of high accomplishments, the family being without a servant at the time, stepped to the door on the ringing of the bell, which announced a visit from one of her admi rers. Onentaricg, the beau, glancing at the harp and piano which stood in the apartment, exclaimed: ? 'I thought I heard music — on which instrument were you performing ? « On the grid-iron, eir, witb, the accompaniment of the frying-pan,' replied she. ' My mother 13 without a servant, and she says that I must learn to finger those instruments sooner or later, so I have this day commenced a course of lessons.' HOW TO GET ETD OP M'H Ktf. — A good-natured fellow, who was nearly eaten out of house and home by the constant visits of his friends, felt very pocr one day, and was complaining bitterly of his nume rous visitors. ' Shure, and Til tell ye how to get rid of em,' said an Irishman. 'Pray.'honr?' 'land money to the poor ones, and borrow money of the rich, ones, aud nattier sort will ever trouble you again.' Independent. — On one occasion the Eev. P. Mac kenzie (now of Monmouth) met a Roman Catholic priest in front of an. Independent chapel. ' Will you. tell me what building this is ?'* asked the priest. ' It is an Independent chapel,' replied Peter.' ' Inde pendent ! who are they independent of ?' ' The QUEER EPITAPHS. Poor Martha Snell, hurs gone away, Hur would if aurcould, but hur cmln't stay, Her had two sore legs, and a ba'disli cor/, But her legs 't was as CArrisi her oS. OX MR. STBANGB, A IAFYEB. Hera lies an hones!; lawyer, Aud that's strange. Here lies John Buna, Who ws.s killed by a gun. His came wasn't Bunn, But his real a-.me w.is Wood ; But Wood wouldn't rhyms with gun, So I thought Buna should. Here lies ma an-i my 3 daughters ; We was killed of drinking Harrozate watera. If we'd only stuck tt Epsom salts, We shouldn't ha' been lying ia thes9 here vaults. OX A SOLDIER. John Macpherson. was a remarkable person J He stood 6 feet 2 -without his shoe, And he w&s; slew at Waterloo. This little hero that liefch here Was coaquei-cd by the diarrheer. Bat,t,at- Snxeisa.—A. ballad singer (writes Lady Morgan) was this morning singing baneath my window, in a voice most «»;nusical and melancholy. My own name caught my ear, and I sent Thomas out to buy the song. Here is a stanza : — ' Och, Dublin city there's no doubtin* ' Bates every city upan the say ; 'Tis there you'll hear O'Connell spoutin' An' Lady Aiorgan. making; tay : For 'tis the capital of the finest nation, Wid charming pisantry oaa fruitful sod, Fighting like divils for conciliation, An' hating each other lor the love of God.' Names to go to Chtubch: with. — Asse, Bub Belly, Boots, Cripple, Cheese, Cockles, Dunes, Dam,' Drinkmilke, Def, Flashman, Fatt, Gringer, Goose, Beaste, Barehead, Bangler, Bugg, Buggey, Bones, Cheeke, Clodd, Cod, Demon, Fiend, Funck, Frogge, Ghost, Gready, Hagge, Humpe, Holdwater, Headach, Juggs, Jelly, Idle, Kneebone, Kidney, Lame, Lazy, Leakey, Maypole, Mule, Monkey, Milksop, Mudd, Maydenheadj^Mug, Paawater, Phisicke, Pighead, Pott, Poker, Poopy, Prigge, Pigge, Punch, Proverbs, Quick love, Quash, Badisb, Bumpe, Bawboae, Rottengoose, Swette, Shish, Spratt, Sheartlifte, Stiffe, Squibb, Sponge, Stubborn, Swine, Shave, Shrimps, Shirt, Skim, Squalsh, Silly, Shoe, Smelt, Skull, Spattel, Shadow, Snaggs, Spittle, Teate, Taylecoate, Villain. Vittela. Vile. Whale. Cbdtoedte nr Rhxsee. — A lady with a crinoline was walking down a street, her feathers fluttered in the air, her hoops stuck out some feet. She walked the earth as if she felt of it she was no part ; and proudly did she step along, for pride was in her heart. She did not see a curly dog which walked close by her side, all save the curly tail of which her crinoline did hide. His tail the dog with pleasure shook — it fluttered in the wind, and from the ladv's crinoline stuck out a foot behind. A crowd the fail did soon e3py, as it waved to and fro, and like a rudder seemed to point the way the maid must go. Tbe curly dog right pleased was he the quarters he had got, and walked beside the lady in a kind of doggish trot. Each step the lady now did take seryed to increase her train, while those who followed in her wake roared out -with, might and main. Some held their sides, they laughed so hard, and others fairly cried, while many erei°sfill confess that they'd ' like to have died.' But slill t le lady sailed along in crinoline aud pride, uuntudtul nt fliA ppnwfl liphinrl. nr finer (\tn-m hv ht-T ci.Ha T-n«- soon another do? espieti the tail which fluttered free ; it so provoked his doggish ire, he could not let it -be But with a deep, ferocious growl, for battle e raigiit he went, and 'neath the lady's crinoline both dogs were quickly pent. They fought, 'tis said, one hour or more — the lady nothing knew — but with her head erect sailed on, and did her way pursue. Sjme say she never would have known at all about the fijjlit, had not one dog mistook, and gave her 'limb'*' an awful bite. But since that day I heard it said that the lady ne'er was seen upon the street with so much pride and such a crinoline. SLEKJff-DErVTtrG. — Sleigh-driving is the one grand unapproachable unalloyed pleasure to be enjoyed ia Russia. There is nothing to compare to a long furious sweep in a good Russian sleigh, over hard, crisp, elean snow, wrapped in (?ood furs. With a great bs'ar-sfcin hanging over the back of the sleigh, and its apron another bear-skin, covering your legs, with your feet encased in fur goloshes, resting on a doubled-up Siberian curly sheepskin, -with a fur cap on your head, as tali and straight and round as a very large English bat without a rim, -with your hands buried four inches deep amongst the sable sleeves of your eoat ; as you 116 easily back, thus comrorcea, unusr a L-jear, xrusiy, bright eky, th9 horses, in graceful silver-mounted harness, tossing their heads, the bells at their necks tinkling merrily, the driver, in high wolf-skin cap and sheep-skin coat, over which he has drawn a handsome black caftan trimmed bslow the arms with ailver-plated rouud buttons as large as little eggs, . and with a large parti-colored sash bound round his waist— a fellow all excitement, but coolly managing three wild horses, who tear on at whir-Hag speed, dashing the crisp snow in showers from their hoofs, sometimes for a moment or two half-blinding you with the finest, cleanest, whitest powder in the world ? with these appliances, and you see and feel them all, you know the luxury of sleigh- driving. I am not speaking of a drive through the streets of Peters burg, but of a drive of 30 or 40 miles over untrodden virgin soil, through the forest, when the trees are clothed in a dense fantastic foliage of hoar-frost fes« tooned with millions of stalactites, and when the pure bracing air, as you rush through it, sends the blood tingling through, your veins. — Dickeas's All the Tear Bound. Vessels Spoken.— By the Australian, on March 9, in Iat40O S., long. 124 , the Dutch barque Souber?. from Manila. 43 days out, lottfld to Sydney ; onMaroa 19, in lat. 3»o 52',long. 135°, the Danish barque Willielimne. from Mauritius, bound to Melbourne; by the Cooronp, when off Cape Northumberland, tba cotter Frolic, ftom Melbourne 