THE MANUFACTURE OF GHOSTS. The following explanation of the method of manufacturing ghosts is taken from the North British Daily Mail .. When anyone looks into a glass or metallic mirror he sees an image or ghost of himself. If his neighbour looks over his shoulder he, too, sees the same ghost. What gives this businesses ghost-making its chief mystery is the plan of concealing adroitly the person or object who or which is to be glistened, and showing only the image or ghost,- and thigh snapping the otherwise palpable court ion between the true object, animate or inanimate, and its picture or representation. If of plane metallic or silvered glass mirror only were employed in producing the ghost a child would not be startled at the effects produced, however completely the original object might be concealed from view ; but it is otherwise, and all are surprised, when an image or ghost is called up before the observer without any apparent connexion with mirror action at all. Now, without going into the questions in optical science respecting the reflection of light from piano surfaces, the formation of images, by plane mirrors, or of multiple images Formed >y glass mirrors, we may remark that metallic mirrors have but one reflecting surface, giving ODy one image of an object With glass mirrors This is different. They give rise to several images which are readily observed when the image of a candle is looked at obliquely in a common looking glass. A very feeble Image of the candle seen, and then a very distinct one. Behind this there are several others, whose intensity or clearness of gradually decreases until it disappears. This phenomenon or appearance arises from the looking- glass having two reflecting surfaces that of the face of the plate, and that of the layer of metal which covers the hinder surface of the clans. The greater feebleness of the image reflected from the glass than from the metal surface arises from the circumstance that the metal reflects better than the glasses It completely intercepts the light reflected from the original object, and throws it back to the eye. Now, in ghost making, a plate of clear glass is placed between the others and where the ghost is made to appear; and what is seen as the ghosts nothing more than the feeble image of a true object, produced by reflection from the surface of the plate. But the ghost, when well shown, is on intensely vivid image, the very reverse of ft else; and the question is, now Is the intensification of on originally feeble image effected? It is effected by greatly reducing or extinguishing all other lights, and by concentrating an intense light on the ori-' thud object, and thus greatly increasing the reflecting power of the clear glass plate, and by at the same time forming a dark back- ground behind the plate, which further assisted in throwing out the image or ghost to the 13 cor the spectator. All this is quite a com- me It occurrence in the shop windows along the streets, and 1 chaps till better showrl'In a lighted railway carriage at night. The ghosts of the passengers in the carriage era I shown through the carriage windows upon the apparent ground of the dark sky, and the carriage lamp, from its being the most luminous object, presents the most vivid 1 best of all. As ordinarily represented on the stage, the arrangements for the production cf gboEt are essentially as follows: The front of the stage is made to live five feet or so from the floor, Within this barrier, and standing down out of eight, and facing the stand, the true object is placed. A large plate of glass is made to rest on the stage, and to lean slightly forward towards the per Kii or object that is to be gratified The in age of the object is reflected from the glass pit to to the audience, and this image is seen. by them to be as far behind the plate as the tiuetbject is placed in advance of it. The 1 I electric light, or usually what is called the , 'lime" or " Drummond light," sent through the condenser of a lamp or magic lantern, is at the same time projected on the original 1 object, The ghost is seen to be i-la_uL_atc4 J fine a fellow up, and this series of placing the lamp low, and throw the light on it > Uve object u) wards. A white lustrous dress (given to a female personating the ghost < yells the effect, The live shot-is shown hav.: t) s habit of leaning forward so as to catch a in i ch of this illumination as possible. All 11 e i pom lights are in the meantime reduced, otherwise the ! audience also, as in the (ii e of the passengers in tberailwoy-oarriag I A would-be converted into ghosts. As much light, and no more, is left on the stage be not out of the actors on it being seen. They:: 1 < i others see no ghost ; all their movement -i are calculated as to place and time. The . chest placed on the stage so far as the adapt authors of this illusion have yet gone, I fixed; a hand or part of the body may be' no red, but not the whole, beyond a very small distance. If any one wishes to assure I travel about the use of the glass, spear Ticket of paper flung against it will assure him. "The ghost will afford abundant fun for the Christmas pantomime?, and tradition it will be ransacked for all ghost stories to utilize this curious and amusing - trifle " Ti m o'shanter," and " Death and Dr. Hope , Itfk," are capital themes; and beside the hosts of tradition and of literature, the shaft suggestion is likely to be abundant li rule in all sorts of new dramatic given ii pp, wherein sprites may be introduced. Ghost-making will become also a family t amusement, we have no doubt, and the Bins Tcity of the apparatus employed for the protection of the many illusions of which the matter is capable, will set the youth of hot i Mxes to work amusement during the a\> reaching winter months. A parlour table a large sheet of glass, a toy magic lantern, and a few yards of black linen will do for appeals us, and all the babies in the household I t un be made ghosts together or in him. O ii uiEc we are quite aware that it is the common practice of interested parties to su . found this novelty in optical illusion with D'jstery, and to deny that anyone knows ought about the matter but the especially in- a vitiated. I 