THEA TRICA L S, &c; ROYAL VICTORIA. Tho union of the most-old-fashioned form of molo dramu with the newest scientiGo illusion of thu day, has boon mott successfully efiecred nt this pince of amuse- ment, and in a manmir to out-distance all competition, Monk lewis's somewhat effete drama of tho Castle Spectre having been made the medium by which " tho Ghost" lins " put in au appearance" boforo tho.publie, tastes nf the present day, t his drama is oneof tho best spoci Though not in accordance with the advanced drnmutic mens of its duns and possesses greater literary pretensions finn tho uvor.'igo of its contemporaries ; while, us n medium for tho display of aoting, it affords greater sr ope than tho.iiiore ephomnral productions of modern times. Warner played excellently, displaying an amount of melodramatic force not usually combined iv i tli tito elevated mid legitimate school nf neting, which is his moro peculiar forte; and M rt* Charles toole did all sho could for tho snmowhnt insipid heroine, which remark (mululu mutandis) also applies to Mr Appleton. Tho rest of the dramatis porsonoo availed themselves of the plentiful opportunities for melodramatic exaggera- tion alFordod them, in accordance with their peenlini biuses ; and tho comic business, though in places rutlier to strongly seasoned for modern palates, was sustained with spirit by Messrs Ilownrd, Welsh, and Mrs C. Jones. Mr Musgrave made his debut beforo a Sydney public, and though in mi unthankful part to open in, made a most favourable impression, and is a decided acquisition' to ' the company. But tho comparative merits or demerits of author or actor were entirely lost sight of iii the absorbing point of interest, " tho Ghost." This extraordinary optical illusion was eminently suc- cessful, mid moro than realized the most extravagant expectations. Tho marvellous distinctness with which tho apparition is made visible ami the precision of its movements, are most astonishing, and when its spectral nature is demonstrated by the characters in tho piece hoing able apparently to walk through it, and become, us it iver«, blended with it, the supernatural colouring is oomplote. Without exception, it is ono of the most wonderful illustrations of optical science over exhibited lo tho publie of Sydney, and will, we bnvo no doubt, draw, good. Uouww-iu tuc it-Ht' yr_..uv.^pj»:¡>¡->* .".» .ir»Bi»^«. n;n|it_mjiû^fl-- . - ? 