WHAT WILL BE THE ULTIMATE EFFECT OF THE DIGGINGS t The London Punch answered this question in the following fashion—" To raise prices, to raise fools, to demoralise a new country first and settle it afterwards." It is more than likely a similar train of reason prompted Mr. LaTrobe, tbe Superintendent of Port Phillip, to adopt tbe course he did by sending tip Captain Dana, in command of a party of sixteen mounted native police to the neighborhood of Daisy Hill, to prevent persons (figging for gold. That such a proceeding took place under the direction of the Government will hardly now be credited. It was giving, with a vengeance, a striking practical endorsement to the hacknied quotation, " Where ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to be wise." No more effectual plan could have been eujsgested for suppressing the development of the mineral resources of the colony. But the colonists themselves were, as a body, not at all distressed about it,having shown themselves to be quite ooteuted in let ting matters rest as they were, until the alarming depletions of population from which Port Phillip suffered, consequent upon the gold discoveries of California, or in a more remarkable degree upon those of the aster colon v of New South Wales, led at last to the adoption of more activc measures. Between tbe ex-Htement attendant upon the discovery of Chapman's nugget and tbe development of the first practical goldfield in Victoria at the dunes, there was aa interregnum of almost two yeats and a half That gold was to be classed amongst tbe mineral products of this colony, was wvll known to many squatters by their own personal experiences, but tbe gold discovery in general was looked upon by the larger half of the colonists as an old wife's tale, and BrentanTs purchase in particular referred tote derision, as tbe " Duchesne nugget affair." During the idle part of tbe year, when sheep-shearing was o > r, small parties were occasionally made up, nominally in search of stations, but really for p-ospecting purposes. The true purport of thes.- journeys was invariably kept secret, to avoid the ridicule with which they were always sure to be visited by the bulk of the public. Among other excursionists of this character may be mentioned W. Clarice, junior, now of Elizabeth-street, who, in company with Wm. Vicary, went in qui-st of the £1 Dorado. The first place they made was Smythe's Creek, where they were successful in finding a specimen of auriferous quartz. At Hodgkinsons Station, Burnt Bank, tbey obtained both alluvial and quarts gold, although not in quantity. Continuing their journey, they came upon the shepherd's hut, on Hall's station, at Daisy liiii, where were encamped Superintendent La Trobe's sixteen native police. Here Clarke and Vicary remained some days, dufiug which tbey found with the assistance of the police, in the absence of the sergeant, several quarts specimens; these were alteiwards shown to Mr. Hodgkinson, and also to Mr. Ware, of Lake Timboon. They brought away with them besides, from Hall's station, a small bag of earth taken from the Creek, and, by amalgamation, the proem of washing not being known to them, obtained two penoywelgbta of gold from it. Mr. Fryer, the •qnatter of Fiyert Creek, and several others at this time had turned up gold at different parts of tbe colony, hat from none of these did any practical results follow; indeed, scarcely one of these discoveries were made public until after tbe lapse of many .months—a time when concealment oould have no farther purpose.— DUkr'i MMnz Record. Sorrow) CAITOBE O* G-AMOI*«B.—A Sydney telegram published in die :— lie Government has received intelligence that one of tbe persons captured at Nelligen is probably Gardiner. A portion of the plunder of tbe Dooms mail was found on them. A special polioe escort has been dispatched to bring them Lore. COLONIAL Wi»a —We were yesterday shown t simple of colonial wine—Victoria liock—at ilf, Kleratn's, Mundy-strect «qual in flavor, tfrangth, and purity to the imported wine of the cane description. The wine i« of Adelaide vintage, bottled by Mr. Klemm, after being kept iy him twelve months In bulk.— BeiH%o Ad ? A second dividend of 3s 6d In tbe £1 will shortly be paid in the estate of the Pnvident Institute. This, with the first dlridoal, will muke Be in the £1. Altogether, £75.000 9s lid has been collected, of which £40,812 St 3d was absorbed in payment of the first dividend, expenses, etc., the remainder has been collectcd since. The proposed plan of distribution was filed in the Insolvent Court on Tuesday, and if no objection is made to it within a fortnight, it will be confirmed by the Supreme Court.— Bertdd. TUB SEBASTIAN BUSK.—There has been A rush not far from Sandhurst called by this name. It has been made the most of by tbe Bendigo Advertiter, from which paper we take tbe following:—The cheering prospect of a permanent gold-field being established on Myers' Creek, is daily becoming the impression of those who from experience are competent to to form an approximate idea of the richness of a gold-producing soil. This opinion, whieh is unanimous amongst those whom our reporter has consulted, and who visited the scene of operations yesterday, is in a measure borne out by the specimens which have been brought into town, and by the prospects obtained from several newly-bottomed holes. The gold is not eonfined to one particular spot in the flat; this discovery was yesterday made by some Chinamen, whose industry should be a lesson to the hundreds of loafers wbo lie idle all day in tbe hope that others will "point the way'of the lead. The Chinamen, who have struck gold, have been working on the south aide of the reef, away from the great rush, and their success surely ought to work a reformation in the course adopted by the " shepherds." Another rich quarts reef has been struck, from which several specimens have found their way into town. It is asserted that as much as £500 have been asked for an eighth share in one of the claims. Mr. Breen, surveyor, paid a professional visit to the rush yesterday, and whilst there saw 3 dwts. of gold washed from a bucketfull of washdirt, taken from a claim oti tbe flat. Several loads o! surfacing have been washed, and a yield of half an ounce to tbe load obtained. Shafts are being sunk in all directions, and the place is assuming an air of activity which must certainly tell its tale. Some of tbe diggers are working night and day, for reasons beet known to themselves; but a very natural conclusion is suggested that they are at any rate being amply repaid for their labor. There are now about one thousand men on tbe field, two-thirds of whom are actually working, and the remainder shepherding. Mr. Breen has been employed by the Government to mark out and survey the ground; he is also engaged by the agent of Mr, Hugh Glass to survey a portion of the ground supposed to be tbe property of that gentleman. It is said that streets have been marked out in conjunction with the road, but we are not able to authenticate the report. The line of route has tbe appearance of a rush in the good times—hundreds of diggers with their swags tramping the distance from Sandhurst to the rush as an appetiser for their dinner. Should any great discoveries be made, we shall take the earliest opportunity or acquainting our readers with authenticated facts. A GHOST ON THE DIGGINGS.—There is a strange rumour on Campbell's Creek of a mysterious nocturnal visitor at tbe Ajax claim, Bolivia Beef. It may be recollected that, some time ago, a poor follow named Coombs, a shareholder in the company, and a remarkably tall athletic men, was suddenly killed by a fall of rock in the mine. The story runs that a few nights since tbe apparition of the deceased appeared to another member of the company, whifle in a stable on tbe claim. The latter, a total abstainer and a very steady person, was too frightened to speak, and requested two of his mates to watch him'on the following night. Whether at the orthodox hour of midnight or not, we are unable to say, but at a moment between sunset and cock crow the phantom was again discovered by two of tbe sentinels, the other one foiling to detect the unearthly visitant It is said moreover, that tbe advent of the spirit was hearided by a cat, whieh, on being shot, underwent several metamorphoses, till it finally assumed the outlines of a superhuman form. Unless the vision was entirely the creation of au excited imagination, it Is probable affair has grown oat of a mischevious prac- Ijoke. The topic, however, is evidently an unpleasant one among the men on the reef. Eminent poets, divines, and philosophers in the old world have believed tbat gbosts do walk tbe earth after they have "shuffled oft this mortal rail," but the one on the Bolivia Beef is the first we haw ever heard on the goldfields— .V. A. Mail. SEBIOCS MIKIKG ACCIOEKTS.—A German, named Cortds, working on New Zealand Ueef, was admitted into the Bendigo Hospital on Tuesday last, suffering from very extensive injuries to his face, eye, and band, caused by a blast going off whilst the unfortunate man was engaged in ramming borne a shot He states tbat he cannot account for the explosion as be was using a copper tamping rod at tbe time of tbe occurrence. On his admission it was found necessary to ampatate one of his fingers.—A miner, named Whyte, was received into the hospital yesterday, suffering from compound fracture of both arms and a fracture of thigh, produced by the unfortunate sufferer accidentally falling down a catting, on the night of Tuesday last, at Specimen Hill, Golden Square. He was attended to by Dr. Eadie, and was re- moved to tbe Hospital on Wednesday.— Ben- digo Adteriiter. A$ UPSET.—A portion of the road between Inglewood and Newbridge is not in die best possible condition for travelling on just now, as most people who have been that way once, can easily judge. On Sunday, • newly married couple fitim this township took a " one-horse shay;" tbe lady arrayed in all the glory of white bonnet, orange blossom, and the gentleman in " full fig" also. Their trap was ot tbe easiest kind, the horse might " be trusted gig or cut in," and so in spite of the cold wind, tbey anticipated a pleasant journey. Alas I for the uncertainty of human hopes and desires, they had got about seven into on the road, when a lorious upset took place. Of course, like the f uttered aide of the toast on tbe sanded floor, die best side went downwards is the muddiest place, and the lady rose up iu a condition that can be better imagined than described. Tbe return was not to agreeable aa the tet out, as the mud had formed in cakes, something in the same way as the flakes'Jay on a hippopotamus after a mud bath. Tlie drive through the streets was accomplished In a remarkably short space of time, fortunate ly without many. being aware of the sad upKt.~IngUwood Adcertiter. TORN AM rMnmnr RESTITUTION .—On Sunday week, the office of the Nuggetty Com' pany, Campbell's Creek, was enteral and about 601b of mercury, several retorts, and other pro perty were stolen. In fact a dean sweep was made of every article worth carrying away. Towards the close of the week, either from compunctions of conscience, or what Is more probable, from fear of the utensil being identified, tbe thieves coolly returned in the night a bucket. It is singular that having escaped imbout detection in the first instance, tbe rogues should have exposed themselves a second time to tbe cbanoe of discovery.—if. A. Mail. A SCBHE (IT GKBIXSNO.—The Gcelong correspondent of tbe Argus thus writes, under date of Jlooday, June 1;—"Ever since Allen Stewart convened his notorious meeting here to expose the immoralities of the Bearaies, the deiestible revelations he then! made have been the almost constant theme of conversation with a large dan of the community, and threats have been very freely—perhaps as thoughtlesslymade of breaking into their place of worship and of bunting It down. So long as these threats were confined to mere words, there wight not be much cause for alarm; but anew excitement war added to the smouldering fire of public indignation wsterday, which, if not kept in check by the police authorities, may lead to aerious breaches of the peace, If not to bloodshed and loss of life. With a view to ferret out the truth of Allen Stewart's extraordinary revelations, Mr. Charles Bead has declared war to tbe knife against the Beardies and their faith, has provided himself with books aid other sources of information, and has attended upon and questioned these Beardie preachers whenever he found them addressing a crowd in the open air on the Sunday, as is their wont—a certainly by no means respectful way of keeping the Sabbath. Between three and four o'clock yesterday afternoon, something over a thousand persons, of all ages, among wbom were a great many females and a large number of children, assembled at tbe Yarra-street Wharf, expecting, apparently, what was designated a "jolly lark." A Mr. Gastair first addressed the crowd for a short time, in opposition to the revolting practices of the Beardies; then came a Beardie to maintain and defend bis creed; and now commenced the most disgraceful Sunday row that bas ever been witnessed here. The mob continued surging backwarks and forwards from one preacher to the other; the most blasphemous jokes were bandied about: personal violence was at last offered to tbe Beardies, their bats being knocked on their heads in one or two in* stances, and Mime of them being pushed off tbe platform. In retaliation, one of them challenged any two in the crowd to fight him. The Beardie preacher commenced cursing bis tormentors in tbe most filthy and disgusting language conceivable. Tbe crowd replied by yelling, hissing, and hooting; and there can be no doubt that, had not this man and his coreligionists made off, broken heads would have speedily replaced tbe broken bats. With the departure of tbe Beardies, the excitement of tbe crowd coded down, and it finally separated; but towards eight o'clock in the evening, in anticipation that the Bardies would hold forth, as uusal, at the comer of the Market-square, large crowds of persons paraded the streets in that neighbourhood; but, fortunately, no preacher appeared, to erase any further disturbance. Ir there be any intention on the part of those wbo feel that the name and cause of true religion is outraged by the practice* and books of this sect, known as tbe Beardies, surely tome more legitimate method of remedying the evil may be hit upon than turning the Sabbath into a profane holiday, and making a blasphemous burlesque of the solemn worship of God. A public meeting might be called, and the question temperately discussed; because, although the proofs adduced so far are certainly ot a character to condemn the sect, alluded to, they are denied to have any existence in fact. But, as Mr. Stewart produced a book printed " under authority,*' containing certain abominable language and sentiments, and as he said he was prepared to vouch for the accuracy of the statements he made relative to what be saw and heard 'among tbe Beardies, would it not be much better to place these facta, if such they be, before tbe Government, and request it to deal wirt tie subject? It certainly cannot in the most distant degree tend to advance the respect of the rising generation for things spiritual, to allow them to be witnesses of such disgraceful disturbances on the Sunday, or indeed on any day of the week, as that of yesterday; more especially ; when tbe alleged exposition of error is attended with blaphemy, obscenity, and fighting. If Mr. Iiead, Mr. Stewart, and others are really anxious to promote the cause of true religion, they bad much better engage some large room, admit none but male adults, and endeavour by fair means to prove that the Beardies are the disgusting and demoralised sect among mankind that tbey are represented to be. 