THE LJLTE CONCERTS in aid of the Maldon Athenaeum we are glad to say gave a nctt profit of £34 103 6d. THE ENGLISH MAIL closes at the Maldon Post-office :—For registered letters and newspapers, on Thursday, September 24th, aud for ordinary letters, on Friday, Sept 25th. Mr OHAM.ES KEAS is a man of that exalted geuius, and of that notability of character, that he could well affurd to be the Rodolph of his house. Nevertheless, those who' take interest in |>edigrees may peruse with pleasure the following extract from Lord Macaulay's History of England, in which reference is made 'to Lord Saville, Marquis of Halifax:—"He (the Marquis) left a natural son, Henry Carey, whose dramas once drew crowded audiences to the theatre, and some of whose gay and spirited verses still live in the memory of hundreds of thousands. From this Henry Carey descended tli.it Edmund Kean who in his time has transformed himself so marvellously into Shylnck, lago, Othello, etc." The poem which Lord Mac.-iul.-iy, most probably, liad particularly in mind, was the charming aud once popular song, '"Sally in: our Alley," of which Henry Carey was the author. Still greater were his claims to immortality as the supposed writer and c >mposer of '" ;God Save the King" Strange, that the upholder of the National Drama should be a lineal descendant of the author- of the National Anthem! We will conclude this biographical sketch by quoting the words of nn author who fur a long period held a high judicial position in Sydney,and whose name is well known and universallyn'snected in that distaut portion of the emtiire—"The Australian colonies are now on the eve of a visit from artistes of first-rate distinction. They will sooti be afforded an Opportunity of witnessing the highest specimens of dramatic skill and cultivated genius that the English stage affords, in the performances of Mr aud Mrs Charles Kean, who leave for Australia in the early p irt of the preseut year, to fulfil engagements in the principal theatres of Australia."—European Times. GHOST OE DEVIL.—A Hampshire man, noted for his calmness and a scolding wife, was one night stopped in the woods by a pretended ghost "1 can't stop, my friend," said he. " If you are a man, I must request you to git out ot my way, and let me pass. If you are the devil, come a'.ong and take supper, for I married your sister!" BACHELORS' HALL.—An architect proposes to build a. " Bachelors' Hall" which will differ from most houses, in having no Eves. .. LATEST YANKEE INVENTION.—If is reported that a Yankey down East has invented a machine for .cojking up daylight which will eventually super- ITe covers the interior of a fiour barrel with shoemaker's wax—holds it open to the sun. then suddenly heads up the barrel. The light sticks to the wax, and at night can be cut in lots to suit purchasers.—Slinert' {PottsviUe) Jurnal PfitTrr FLATTKBY.—Queen Elizabeth, admiring the elegance of the Marquis of Medina, a £pauisb nobleman, complimented him on it. begging at the same time to know who possessed the he «rt of so accomsUshcl a cavalier. " Madam." your Majesty's Will is law. Excuse me, however, if I fear to name her. but request your Majesty's acceptance os her portrait" He sent her a looking glass. ACVKETISEMENT.—ffolloway'e Ointment and Pills —Cherr up—Sufferers from rheumatisn need not despond till a trial has been given to these restorative remedies. Fomentation with warm water, and friction with this invaluable Ointment are the surest-antagonists to Bheumatism and Gout. The inflammation of the joints soon yields to this treatment. After rubbing in Holloway's Ointment and taking his Pills foi a few days, the throbbing pain heat, and swelling begin to subside, the fever decreases, and the patient feels he can move without agony, and sleep calmly without dislocating starts. Holloway's Pills contrib ate to dispel the rheumatic principle from the system, facilitate th£ present recovery, successfully ward off any return of the attack, and confer flexibility and strength upon the injured joint. 