'^ CORRESPONDENCE. — o— rwe ao not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions ex l\ve ao aoi Fressed by our correspondents.] /'To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir —When Mr. Cowper was defeated in the House by an adverse vote, many persons were much sur» Diised by that unlocked lor event. Surmises as to the real truth were rife, and the most sagacious were lost in conjectuie. The following verses which I received from a friend, may perhaps {brow tfome light on the subject. With regard to the - friend' A I have to sav is that he is much given to what Up to this form I have always regained w»n u neatest incredulity- viz , 'Spirit rapping.' Whether the following extraordinary statement with regard to the late Premier and that lamented man Sir Richard Bourke be the result of his com municatious with the unseen world or the coinage of his brain, I cannot undertake to say, but beleivmg *hat a dissolution is imminent, and that the question of state-aid will be a prominent one in the next elections. I deemil right to let the public judge for ♦Viomcolvps. as to the truth of the following. X give communication as I received it, fHY Mr. Co-wfer Lost the Loaves and ? ? [Fishes. One eve as o'er the books of state, Old Charley plodded rather late, He found that Cash— oh ! sad, sad fate Was— 'fading away.' Hi's son' sat by, a youth to fame Not unbeknown, since first he came To save his country, and his name From — 'fading away.' O'er that young statesman's nobby brow. Deep lines of care had gathered now He whistled softly ' Tow row row' ? And — 'fading away' At last he broke the silence lone, In solemn and in courteous tone The while he picked a devill'd bone Which was — ' fading away.' ' Come father, tell me what can be Th%matter with the Ministry, For much I fear, O'Superi! They're —'fading away.' 'How often in the House at night' ?—Here from the bone he took a bite— : 'I've seen them laugh with fair delight ' . ?? At our— 'fading away.' ' If anything should happen, Oh, . What would become of me, you know, My six hundred would have to go And — ' fade, fade away.' The weary chief raised up his eyes To heaven, amidst portentous sighs 'Tis true, tis true' he wildy cries We're — *' fading away.' ' Oh sad it is, but much I fear ? We shall not see the coming year In office, hit 'twill cost them dear1' Our — ' fading away', 11 You ask me what has damp'd the joy I used to feel without alloy, 'Tis disease of the chest ' ray boy' That's — wearing me away'. II Jack Robertson; Jack Robertson! Oh, why did not the land b:ing in What you facetiously csll'd ' tin' When — spouting away. 11 There's Gilbert and Ben Hall, my lad, . And others too who can't be had, Thepotfs too they iigh t so bad' '.. ' 'Tis — wearing me away. ' There's Piddington and Dalgleish, child, ? You know they never draw it mild, But that vile Marlin sets me wild' i He's — wearing me away. ''. ' Poor Weekes! ! at that grate name, my heart . Beats high — why ever did we part ? Why did I change him for old Smart '? And he — saving away. ' For honesty is out of date, And only dwells within a pate Which knows not how to save a state :?:.'.'..., From' — ' fading away.' Like gentle thunder over head, ... Or like the moan above the dead, A hollow echo answered ' Fading away.' ' What's that' — ! 1 ! he hurriedly arose, Like stag that hears his yelling foes, The blood from out his very nose Was — 'fading away' ?'My son — unto that cupboard reach . Thy hand, ' perhaps someone to peach Lieshid'— 'oh !!!! could it be— Dalgleish' That's hiding away. The junior dropp'd the polish'd bone, And seized the poker with a groan, ? ' Whoe'er you are, you shall atone '. For — planting away' ' Hold hard' — a voice was heard in air «'lis me— A ghost — let down your hair ; Tis sticking up, I do declare Liki. — Gilberts' array.' And forthwith there before their eyes, ? To Charles' and his son's surprise, ..... A misty form was seew to rise, They thought — thej'd faint away. ' And who is me' both in a hurry ExclaimM — ' who makes here such a flurry You surely can't be Lindley Murray Your — grammar's astray.' ? 'Ah I Cow per you've done your work, Behold in me —you worse than Turk— . The bhade oi ould Sir Richard Bourke Whose 'Act' — jouvecook'd away* '..?That 'Act' I made, Sir, for ihe church, But you have left it in ttie lurch, By all ihe rods made out of birch r . ' ril-r-give ye your tay.' '?When I forsook this world o' sin, That act, you hay thin, got me in Through crystal gates, all glittering, Which— ne'er shall fade away.' 'Great honor I enjoy'd above Because through me this counthry throve, And good men held me in much love, They did— you can't say nay.' ':' Now I'm despis'd because, indeed, Myact is like a broken reed, Of glory, I'll not have a skreed When— state aid's done away.' (t I'm sneered at by the Cherubim I'm laugh'd at by the Seraphim, And, by the Powers I've been let in For — many a joke this day.'' 'The other day when passing by I asked an angel oujt to fly ' I've sprain'd mee wing,' there's the reply As he — fluttet'd away.' 'And as for every Domination Their conduct to me 'bangs the nation,' 'Twould put me in a perspiration, ♦ But — mee body is away.' ' St. Michael once began to hector, And threaten'd twice'to stop my nectar, You know he is the head inspector, And — what could I say.' ''Tis hard for me to have much payshinz, I'm blest I think they'd stop mee rations, But that such earthly delectations Have— 'faded away.' 'And all this I've endur'd because You've thrampled on the best oi laws, Be this and that, I'll never pause 'Till — you've faded away.' 'By' all the eats that ever mew'd, By all the kidneys ever stew'd, By all the members ever screw'd, Attend — to what 1 say.' ' Give religion its due, mee boy, In heaven you'll have a erbwn of joy, And that I tell you is no toy, That e'er shall — fade away.*' ' To this advice attention lend, Do now, achree, 'tis from a friend, If not prepare your garments lend, You'll not — have rest a day.' ' I'll haunt yon, mind, I give you warning, From dewy eve to blush of morning, No rest for you ould Bourke a scorning 'Till I've — faded away.' . 'My intherest I'll freely use To put brave Martin in yer shoes, Resign at once, and join the Jews, Unchristian man — away.' ' But hark ! that's two — it's getting late, I must be off— a pretty state I'd be in if they lock'd the gate Before — I got away.' He vanisb'd with a dreadful groan And muiler'd something unbeknown, The pair seem'd turned into stone So frighten'd were they. O'ercome by his feelings then ' ; The Premier let fall his pen. 'Twas'sad to see the best of men . ? Swooning away. From that day till the fatal night / When office dwindled from his sight, He lost his pluck, his tact, his might, And — 'faded away.'* His tongue forgot its oily flow, He eften spoke in accents low, And mutter'd softly ' 'tis no go,' I'm — ' fading away.' And now poor Charley cries ochone Othello's occupation's flown, Ah ! it he'd let the ' Act' alone He wouldn't — fade away. O. A meeting of licensed victuallers was held at the Sir John Young Hotel, William-street Wool loomooloo, to consider the taiiff as it effected the trade earned on by them. Mr. D. Egan, M.L.A., presided and spoke of the burdens the licensed victuallers already bad to bear, but which would be.considerably increased if the tariff became law. .Mr.:l|te '.Bradford afterwards proposed a resolution which was seconded by Mr. Madden to the follow ing effect: — 'That, in the opinion of this meeting, if the proposed increased duties on rum and bees should be carried into effect it will have an injuri ous effect not only with the trade, who are at the present. time in a most distressed position, snd can not bear any further taxation, being already taxed to a much greater extent than any other class of the community ; at the same time, high rates of duties will encourage illicit distillation, which will be very injurious to the fair trader and to the interests of the revenue.' Another resolution was moved by Mr. G. Wilson, and seconded by Mr. M'Master : — ' That a deputation, consisting of five representa tives from East Sydney and five from West Sydney be appointed, to wait upon' *.he members for the city this evening, to represent the gross injustice to them in the event of the proposed tariff being carried into effect, and that the deputation present each member for the city with a copy of the fore going resolution.' Both resolutions were carried unanimously and the deputation having been appointed a vote of thanks was passed to th'e Chair man and the meeting seperated. Several cases of sticking up occurred in the Yass district on Wednesday, among which were too loaded teams, one ol the teamsters or which was robbed of £5, a woman who was detained from seven in the morning until late at nigh- and a newly mairiei couple who were robbed of every thing oi value. The rob hers are not sippoj:;dto belong to Gilbert's gang. A man nameu Coffee, who was lately stuck up near Burrawa, was taken up on Wednesday charged with hiving ia his pos» session some of the notes paid ior the ranson of Mr* Keightly. y ?»?? 