HOW PROFBSBOB'OAM'KK LEO- TUEED A GHOST, (Onct, a Week.) The little French dock in the mottled walnut-wood case that utood on tlio m&titolpiece; of the Profesaot'a laboratory, No. XC, Oreat Pecor«m-«tTeet, had juBt chimed out toidnight in a ailrery and musical way, when fcheProfeasor opened hii front door with a latch-key and Burgtarioualy entered hia own bouse on his early return from an evening party. Now, the Professor was a popular lecturer on Food, Electricity, and other kindred subjects; and being, moreover, a jovial, fct, clever little man, was rather an acquisition at l)e Beau voir-town, or any other parties, for he sang a little, played a little, danced a little, and flirted a little, and tnade a fool of himself a little, yet was by no means a bore, but, on the contrary, a decidely useful old bachelor, and would waltz with ugly girls, chat with talkative old fogies, ana take gorgeous dowagers down to the supper-room. And as the Professor did not care about being joked at, bnt on the contrary liked it, ana, when joked, laughed, and twinkled, and beamed through his silvery spectacles, like a merry old glow-worm, every one forgot bis learning and celebrity and liked the Professor heartily. On the night in question, the Professor was in high spirits—and with seme reason. Firstly, he lutd made two jokes that had set the aupper-table in a roar, and had made the jellies shake as if t'aey feH the cold. Secondly, be had waltzed twice with pretty Fanny Ledger, and had received a smile that gave hopes of mure intimate relationship being established Bome day between the houses of Ledger and G&ster.; Thirdly, a great thought bad struck him, as he walked briskly and chirpily home, for hit celebrated Treatise on the Merrythought of the Dodo, which was to be read at (he Boyai Society on the ensuing Wednesday ht I do not wish to say that the Professor had taken champagne with more people that night than he ought, at Mrs. Fits- Jones's great annual party (though even that would only tend to show the largeness of the excellent man's benevolence), but still I must concede that somehow or other he was abnormally exhilarated, for he danced a cavalier seul as he put his Gibus on the hall-table, and pirouetted as he took off his grey opera wrapper and shawl handkerchief and lighted his moderator lamp at the flame of the expiring Palmer's nightlight. But, as I have often observed that great benevolence and good animal spirit* go together, I am sometimes inclined to think that the milk of human kindness is in gome constitutions flavoured slightly with alcohol, and therefore partakes of the nature of milk-punch. However, I leave this abstruse question to those clear-headed gentleman the physiologists. The Professor was as brave as most men, but he was that night, it must be confessed, a little nervous. His nerves were sensitive and wide awake—in the state that I should be inclined to think the London and Epsom telegraph wires are in, when idle for a moment or two on a Derby Day—that is constantly and almost fretfully expecting a message to be sent through "their medium. Hie Professor, I think, had got a sort of vague suspicion of ghosts or thieves— material or spiritual intruders, he did not know which, and he did not ore which either; for I am sure that in the one case he would have 'fallen on them with the slender dress-cane then in his hand (not a formidable weapon it must be allowed), and In the other have flung open the front door and shouted for the police. It was, at all events, owing to this slight nervous derangement, I suppose, that the Professor, aa he lighted his lamp, went down the two steps that led to the kitchen stairs, and peered inquisitively and suspiciously into the empty darkness. But, good soul! there was nothing to see there saw one blackbeetle on the wall, and nothing to bear but the watchful drudging tick of the imprisoned kitchen clock below. The bells were all up at the shutters, and the door-matt were duly removed. Trusty Mrs. Dawson had forgotten nothing. *' Pooh! what a fool I am!" thought the Professor, as he turned the key of his laboratory door, opening out of the hall to the right, and stepped in. Everything was snug and trim, the .stove was ruddy, the gas-lamps were just alight, and that was all: their little blue jets hoarding up the flame with due regard to the quarterly gas bill. How dear and bright the spirit lamp looked; how crystalline were the glass boms; how ready to go through fire And water, the rough crucibles j how grand the retorts; how red the vermilioned horseshoes of big magnets! In the exhilaration af those after- supper moments the Professor felt quite a ooy again, and the old boyish delight at the tight of the chemical apparatus came over him with his old power. " Of what use waa it to go to bed F He was sure sot to get to sleep after that night be not ait np for an hour and work P" " Work." But here « difficulty pre- •ented itself. What kind of work should Profesaor Gaster select P Tiiere waan't time to go into " the dodo's merrythought, «nd it wanted daylight to ewnine "the capillary tircula^onof the 'tadpole's tail," will of his own; hedeHded mV moment ; the Hsruggle was I be would—y«, that was it—pursue. ewarohM oa " the gutlioj uioe and the Jones'a partt ni^tposiibij %e utefhl; he might even fromhis pwaMUHwascioiunMs, wl tfe aemoty of that lobster salad, digMtod ao fecilely,deduce oertain facto net weleM to humanity—humanity, I mean, witbatkH—Hujusm. "WtfVtJu* sotof Oh, only tli® polioeman fryingthe frontdoor toaeeif it ia Drooeriv' 1 wted." I^ Trafosaot sits down at hit fable, m She leowide the atore, turntup the gat (up it flu* like a wilting spirit), r and deitadown aita down to work quietly for to a aide-table at the farthest end of the room beytnd «ee tb«t that uncracked;' " "But I think aTie - has been moving the skeleton of the Polish soldier that the doctor keeps for hia anatomical lectures, else why is ane of the skeleton's legs thrust out before the other, as ifjonr bony friend with the vacant eyes, and the Bussian bullet in his skull, had been promenadingthe laboratory in his master's absence f With a " tut-tut" of impatience the doctor puts the skeleton into its right place in the corner, *nd makes as be does it, quite a Castanet clatter with the loose leg bones; at last it it right, hanging by the usual ring, safe on its gibbet-like frame, dry brown and ghastly as ever. Now, the Professor settles down at last seriously to work. He carefully culls the best pen in hie quiver and nibs it. He takes off the gutta-percha band that encircles his roll of lecture manuscripts, and he unscrews the top of his inkstand. Yet ods medicine; be propitious, for the f'rofessor hat mounted the tripod—I mean, he has just seated himself with a plop on his rod morocco-leather-covered librarychair. Now, he flattensthe paper oratorical ly with the back of his hand, and with a slightly pompous hem 3 savouring somewhat of the British Institution, and with a slight hiccup, beginstoreadhu preliminary resume of the net results of stomachic digestion: " First. The food is churned, ground, triturated, mascerated, disintegrated, and liquefied." Here the Professor stopped, and seriously reflected whether those three last oyster patties that followed instead of preceding the liberal helping of Mrs. Fits-Iones's blanc-mange, were not rather injudicious. "2. The fata, liberated from their cellular envelope, have become oils." " I shall suffer for this to-morrow," thought the gay Professor. " 3. The sugars have not much altered, tor they are crystalline bodies,- but the cane-sugars have turned to grape-sugars, and perhaps a small proportion of them have turned to lactic, or milk acid." " I shall have a headache to-morrow," said the Professor's stomachic conscience, quite indifferent to the lecture on the gastric juice. " 4. The vegetable matters have been divided and made pulpy. The starch of some of them has turned into saliva." Here the Professor lighted a cberpot. 5\. The albuminous matters have been macerated mid some portion of them turned into peptones (how the gas flickers!); the whole has become a pulp." "Excellent," said the good little man, rubbing hia plump little hands—excellently condensed, though I say it. Such should popular science be, and would that such it were! I shall then perform my extraordinary and expensive experiments of artificial digestion. Taking a Halloa ! what's that noise ? I'm rather nervous tonight—taking, I gay, the stomach of a newly killed sheep, carefull cleaned and scented, I shall desire my attendant to place into it, bit by bit, an excellent dinner; turtle soup, salmon, salad, a slice of venison, vegetables, beer, wine, catchup, bread, pastry, and finally cheese. I shall then pour in two tablespoonfulls of my artificial gastric juice, and submit the whole to a gentle heat, showing by an electric light which will penetrate the tissues of the bag, the rapid solvency of the whole into Me colourless pulp or chyle. This lecture will lead to tremendous discussions in the papers. One will talk cleverly about it, quote the Latin Grammar, and sharp ill-tempered things. Anoifter, tar The Fleam, that clever medical paper.wtU have discussions showing that there is no such thing as gastric juice, and never was: upon which the Cricket will reply and show that every drop of blood in our bodies is gastric juice. When the whole affair is finished, the Bottler will have some album verm on the gastric juice, and will have a leader proving that a oelirf in the indiscoverability of the component parte of the gastric juice is a Tory institution. Ha! And here the Professor, pausing to take breath, actually rolled about in his chair at the images his exhilarated imagination had raised, bnt he suddenly drew up quite rigid and composed as the echo of his own laugh seemed to return to him from the bookcase behind the skeleton. Now, the Professor, though a vain little man, and a trifle of a humbug, had a certain sense of humour, and he was not so wise that he could laugh at himself. I like him for it, and I think that that merry (perhaps rather champagny) laugh did him groat credit. The popular lecturer looked at the clock. It was ten minutes to one. " Stay till two," he said," and just read short notes that have drawn up for m' Christmas lecture on ' British and Foreign Wines, their uses and abuses, with special remarks, by request, on South African Port and Betta's Brandy.' Oh that Mrs. Fiti-Jonea's champagne! there was something in it. What two glassei ot cham — H e r e the Professor again hiccuped, " But the cold air on February night (after •upper- parties) does make one hiccup. ¥H»t w.tbaHtfts®? ' " Let us firietconsider the bouquet of wine* audita causes (that'll do for them). The bouquet of vinous perfume arises from thepreeenoeandevolvementofaaubstanoe called cnanthio ether. (Here I must puttie them* little; the public like to1M puttied.) Aloobol, you know, ladies and gentlemen, is a hydrate of the oxide of ethyie |HOxOx^ —Hi). Now, if we I am not prepared to aay how unintelligible the learned Profeasor might have become had not a certain strange ahuffling stir that he heard, or fanned he heard, at thi» moment ttfuok his attention. It waa a sound like the walking of a very lame man, mixed up with the itir and diig of a moving chain and a sort of bony rattle, not at all plaasant at one o'clock in the moraiog. The sound came from the direction of the bookoase beyond the stove, the little door of which, by-the-by, at this moment sud. denly flewopen with a jerk, as if frightene The ProfttWr oould not tee very well into the dark comer, for the bright globe of the «t4aia{i shaded it fromhis eyea. When, owever, he turned hit head tlightly on «M aida, *nd thus got rid of what (without a hull) night be perhapt called the ovenhedowing gbre.tM might tight of m UUJW.V inioic, TDgwcno.iy visible to hia optio nerves, and to the eyes which may be called their windows. There was no doubt about it at alt—he saw or thought h* saw, diitinctly, TWO SKE- LETONS sitting and warming their shins in front of his stove door. One must be his laboratory skeleton, for it had the well but the other was a perfect stranger. one sat with his legs stretched foppishly out, and his long right arm hung over the chair-back s the other cowered over the fire and rubbed hit kneet, -which the fire reflexion turned to luminous crimson. But the doctor waa a brave man, and not a superstitious one. He had done his best, too, to expose the folly of table-rapping, and of the stuffed hands and lazy tongs, and all the rest of it. He did not, therefore, believe what heaaw, but attributed it at once to a natural cause. All he said was, as he rose and pointed at the skeletons, these simple words of common sense: " Diseased state of my retina." Here the Polish ghost rose, and introduced his friend with a wave of the hand as "the Guy's Hospital skeleton." Now, I may as well here premise that I am not myself answerable for the exact truth of what the skeleton said, as the doctor could never make up his mind afterwards whether the skeletons actually spoke. not lather replies made by hit inner consciousness to his own questions. " Binocular deception—occasioned by temporary vinous affection of the optic nerve—yery common after dinner." At this moment the Polish ghost coughed in the impatient way in which people do who wish to edge a word in. The Professor continued in a contemptous tone, feeling his pulae deliberately as be spoke, and making a note on his blotting pad of its codition " at 15 minutes past one, Thursday, February 15,1862:" " The blood heated; the nervous svstem by some subtle cause thrown off its balance —brain locally excited in the organ of caution—it's all that infernal champagne of Mrs. Fitz-Jones's—that's it—a species of walking nightmare." Here the Professor threw himself unconsciously into a lecturing attitude, and struck the table with a heavy ruler. The ghost getting rather impatient and a little nettled, advanced to the table, and putting one hand on hia hips oratorioally, stretched the other deprecatingly towards the Professor, whose courage increased every minufe the more scientifically heated he got. " Just one moment," said the ghost, " if I may be permitted by my friend from Guy's." " I have devoted much time to these cases," said the Professor (he was one of those men you constantly meet, who have always " devoted much tune," to whatever subject you are discussing), "and I kpow all the precedents; tbey are aU classified; there was Dr. Fernar, and Monsieur Nicolai, the celebrated bookseller of Berlin." " I often meet him," said the ghost. a About the year 1791," said the Profeasor, treading down all interruptions, " Nicolai began to be visited by crowds of ghosts." • "I was one of them," said the Polish ghost. The skeleton from Guy's nodded, and bleared through a quite superfluous eye-glass, to indicate that he was another. " Crowds of pbantasmata," continued Gaster, " who moved and acted before him, who addressed him, and to whom without fear he spoke: knowing that they were symptoms of a certain, derangement of health, such as suicidal feelings, and indeed all melancholy, arises from. ' " Ladies and gentlemen," said the ghost, entreating silence, and actually winking slyly at the Professor. " Silence sir ! You are a mere phantom, the result of hectic symptoms, febrile and inflammatory disorders, inflammation of the brain, nervous irritability, hypochondria, gout, apoplexy, the inhalation of gases, or delirium tremens. Go! You are the mere offspring of amorbid sensibility, and only fools and soepties have any belief in you!" " But one word." " Nota word; I know all your relations; there is Dr. Gregory's old hag, who used to strike people with her crutch." " MV grandmother on my father's aide," said tke ghost, consequently. "Mother Shipton was my aunt.'' " Sorry for it, for she was no great thing* I've seen too many ghosts, sir, as some great person once said,, ever to believe in them—a pack of rubbish. Tho man ^Jio believes in a ghost, 1 tell you, ought to be sent to a hospital." The quiet dittoing ghost suggested " Guy'a, and amilel. " / know the ghost in the tamboured waistcoat, and the akeleton that looked between the bed-curtains and frightened the doctor," said the Profeasor. " Daren't look behind you, though 1" said the Polish ghost, in a nagging and malicious way. At this meer the ghost from Guy'a rubbed his knees harder I than ever, and laughed till he rocked again. " Daren't I," aaidthe doctor, and turned quietly round; then, snapping back again, and catching the gentleman from Poland sliding forward to ft* and null hit coat and frighten him, be deliberately snatched up his heavy ruler, and hit the Pole a rattling blow on bit banakull) «* which the Pole grew angry, and the friend from Guy's laughed taorethanevfcr. " How about Maupertui'i ghost P That's a settler, I think," said the Pole, stepping back to a tafe dutanoe from the table, and thrusting in theTemark spitefully. "The mere fkney of a possible event. Bemember the ghnt that the captain aat flown unon in the arm-cbalr, aodthen follow ed into Ded—«h 1 Halloa I what 1 not a wor to flingat a dog—what, quite chopfallen 1 Sir, I shall put you in my next lecture." . d. "PoaH, don't*' pud both gbotbi, in a whimng voioe; " we'U go quietiy away if pm promise not W - " Miserable impMton, begone! I know I your trwki—the voice that called Dpctor Johnson—the young enaign wbo died of oveftmoki&g; at Kitchamegar, and that aame nlghtwent and tamfied wa poor sister, For no reason in the 809,Gower-street. Bahl" " But, my dear sir, a moment's patience j let me put one argument before you. Look at the haunted houses in Great Britain, the rooms where no one can be induced, 'by even the boundless wealth of the antipodes,' to sleep; look at the clashing of our chains, the white shrouds, the the groans, the " Aathe Polish skeleton here got out of breath, hia lungs being evidently out of order, the Profesaor slipped in and continued his honest tirade. "Stuff about your haunted houses— noises, all rats and draughts—unnatural deaths, bad sewers—the chains, rusty weathercocks and all the rest, the tricks of deceiving servants, smugglers, or thieves." Here the ghost from Poland shrugged his shoulders and looked piteously at the ghost from Guy's; then both shrugged their shoulders noUily. " But the wet ensign who comes and tells his lister he Is drowned at Cutchemabobbery, in the Madras Presidency ?" " Ah! what about the wet ensign ?" said the ghost from Guy's, backing up his friend's query in a posing and rather hurt sort of way. '"Curse tho wet ensign! A frivolous sister, nervous with incessant late hours, too much eau de Cologne, and the perusal of a sensation novel, has apprehensions about her brother in India, eventually goes to sleep over the piano, and dreams she sees him dripping." " But she aidn t dream," said Poland. " Go, she didn't dream," said Guy's, resorting again to hia. eye-glass. " But I aay she did," said the Professor. " She didn't." "She did." "Shedidnt." "But I attend her great-aunt, and I ouht to know," said the Professor. The skeleton from Guy's here clenched his fist, but the ghost from Poland groaned. " It's no use," said the latter. " Not a bit,' said the former. On my word of honour, my dear sir," said the ghost from Poland, trying once more, and laying his hand on the vacuity where his heart ought to have been," it was not a dream." " It was not a dream, on my conscience,'' said Guy's. " Now look you here, gentlemen,'' said the doctor, getting red in the face, and seriously angry, "I have borne this, I think, long enough, I have proved to yon both, that you don't exist; why don't you go civilly like gen'lemen ?" (The doctor rather slurred the pronunciation of this world.) " You are impostors, scarecrows, mere bubbles; air vapour, thought. Begone, or, I give you fair notice, if you are not off in five minutes by the clock, I will ring the bell, fire off a double-barrel gun, spring a rattle, throw open the front door, and alarm the street!" Ibis threat seemed to hav>> a great effect on the two skeletons. Guy's sat down and warmed his shin-bones again in a desponding manner, but on Poland touching his shoulder,they both got up and began to whisper together in a violent and agitated way. They were evidently going. « * * • t Hie doctor fell suddenly into a deep sleep. He did not awake until Betsy Jane, the house-maid, came in to " do" the room at seven A.M. That fair vestal found the gas burning, and the doctor fast asleep in his arm- chair. In alluding to the event afterwards, Dr. Gaater's friends always called that vision and sleep the result of " overstudy ;" but his enemies (and what great man is not troubled with such vermin ?) called it " too much of Mrs. Fitz-Jones's champagne." THE THIEF'S CIRCUIT.—All professional thieves are great travellers, especially the pickpockets, who, in some instances, work very hard indeed, being up for the earliest trains in the morning, and out for the latest at night. The first-class thieves do not confine themselves to Britain. They work, the Dover packets, and visit the lakes of Killarney. They go on the Manchaster Exchange, and sleep in the hotels ot New York. They know the way to the Liverpool Docks, and " wire" in the streets of Paris. They generally go on the Continent in the Spring, and remain there until the races and fairs are coming off in England. He London mobs go down to Manchaster in December, there being a large number of commercial men about the town at that time. The Manchester men will go to London when they are outlawed;—the Liverpool mobs to Manchester;—the Birmingham mobs to Bristol and Wales. Scotch thieves go into the North of England. Irish thieves come into England in the summer for the fairs and races. In the latter end of April and the beginning of Slay, the London mobs do the May meetings of Exter Hall and other places; and then start for Wales and the Midland countries, as the fairs are coming on about that time. _ The pickpockets are always at work, travelling night or day, or both as it may suit them. The migration of thieves into. Wales takes place from March up to May; the time of the fairs. Cardiff Ss the last place visited for Llandaff fair. The thieves are fond of royal progresses and follow the Queen everywhere. After the races and fairs are over, the magBmen, or thieves' go to different towns, and make up mobs for the Winter.— " ConihiU Magasint." A NEW POTATO.—A member of the Belgian Central Society of Agriculture has recommended to the attention of the society a new variety of the potato, which it remarkable in the triple point of view of flavour, abundance, and facility of preserva tion. It appears to be a variety of what is caltal (hatdon in Belgium. Its stalk grows to the height of L2in., and throws out many branches. The blossom it of a pale - violet-colour, and produces no fruit. d A field of one acre <if tbird-class quality, lightly manured, produced 22,000 kilogrammes ot sound potatoes. The neigh- 6ourij\gfannera V9R6 astonished not only at tbe enomiout produce, but at the abBeaoe of any uusound potato. The crop was dug out on October L2th. ButtT MaMtM.—St. Martin in one of th« worthJaa of tbe ftotn Calendar, and a form ofgramoMiiumn wUh tes warts, «0miU fcofe I M f W w w n f M to * My **aad ff . 