THE KEAN PERFORMANCES. ON Wednesday evening Mr. Kean appeared as " Hamlet," with unqualified success, so far as pleas- ing the audience went. It was a most animated and brilliant performance, but in our opinion somewhat too fiery for the melancholy, misanthropic Prince of Denmark, even though he accuses himself of " cursing like a very drab." From first to last, the audience was on the tip-toe of expectation, and though lasting three hours and a-half, the performance never once grew tedious. In asserting that in our opinion there was too much energy at times in Mr. Kean's delivery, which, however, told on the house, we prefer this fault to a weary and monotonous stretching out of the circumstances of this very peculiar tragedy. Young, Charles Kemble, Keen the elder, Macready, and Fechter, have each invested Hamlet with the peculiarities of their own idiosyncracy, and their conceptions all possess great merit — that of Fechter, however; depending more on "novelty of business " than depth of expression, a style which may charm for the hour, but will certainly not go down to posterity. Mr. Charles Kean's Hamlet differs from that of the other actors whom we have named in intensity of passion, and we think superior effect in declamation. Mr. Kean is not a weeping Hamlet, though occasionally nature asserts her privilege and he gives way, but not so frequently as to make us think that he still "smells of bread and butter." From the sniveling Hamlet may Heaven preserve us! The passages which appeared to us the most striking were his appeal to the Ghost, the interview with Ophelia, the play scene, and the interview between Hamlet and his mother. Hamlet's surprise on first seeing the Ghost is not expressed in an exaggerated manner — he is awe-struck certainly, but gazes upon the figure of his father "as he lived, with something of sorrow as well as fear, and the impressive pathos of his action and voice when addressing the spirit, were excellent. In this passage Mr. Kean alters the usual reading of the lines commencing " I'll call thee, Hamlet ;" he makes the climax in the word father thus — I'll call thee — Hamlet, King, father : Royal Dane, O answer me! And when he breaks from his friends, keeps his sword behind him, to prevent them from following rather than to protect himself — a point which was first attributed to Edmund Kean. We also like his manner of listening to the recital of his father's murder — he seems transfixed to the spot, and it is not until the Ghost exclaims "Farewell" that Hamlet slowly drops upon his knees, and by his gesticulation, seems to implore the spirit to stay — neither does he faint, but seems endowed with more vigour by what he has heard. The soliloquy on death was also finely declaimed, and his address to the players impressive, particularly the concluding portion "O, there be players that I have seen play." Mr Kean's idea of Hamlet's demeanour towards Ophelia is the reverse of harsh and when he breaks out into the exclama- tions against women and their beauty, it is rather to himself he speaks than to Ophelia, and nothing could exceed the tenderness with which he exclaims, "I did love you once." The irony and venom thrown into his abasement of himself when he inquires, " What should such fellows as I do crawling between earth and heaven?" had an electrical effect on the house. In the play scene Hamlet was as good as his word when he said he would his "eye rivet on the King." The vehemence, however, of his delivery of " Let the galled jade wince, our withers are unwrung," would have been sufficient to convince any but a very dull King indeed that he was the hero of the play — to us it seemed to render unnecessary the further explanation, " We shall see soon how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago s wife," — the whole scene, however, for force and animation cannot be too highly applauded. The closet scene was also very fine throughout, the success being in part due to the excellent impersonation of the Queen by Mrs. Kean The recrimina- tion previous to the death of Polonius, was sharp and bitter; and when the old man pays the forfeit of his curiosity, the look Hamlet gives his mother, as he enquires, "Is it the king?" was finely expressive of the hope that he had avenged his father's death. The interview with the grave-digger, and the address to the skull, were not very impressive; the portion "Now get you to my lady's chamber and let her paint an inch thick — to this favour she must come," was rather an admonition than a reflection. Hamlet's grief on learning the death of Ophelia was well pourtrayed, and the following lines were finely declaimed:— What is he whose grief Bears such an emphasis? whose phrase of sorrow Conjures the wondering stars, and makes them stand Like wonder-wounded hearers? This is I, Hamlet the Dane. Mr Kean, it is satisfactory to state, does not leap into the grave, to wrangle on the coffin of Ophelia. From this to his death, Hamlet's gloomy prescience of growing ill is sustained most consistently. Mr. Kean evidently gave the audience the most complete satisfaction, as he was loudly applauded from beginning to end. Mrs. Kean appeared as the Queen, for which she was beautifully dressed, and looked like a Queen. The only portion of this character which calls for more than ordinary effect is the interview with Hamlet, after the play scene. In this, Mrs Kean was admirable; her authoritative demeanour in the first part, and despair afterwards, were forcibly depicted. 'The profound sorrow which shows itself in her countenance, when Ophelia appears after her reason had departed, was very touching, because it had all the semblance of genuineness. Miss Chapman's Ophelia was a very chaste performance, and we have never seen her portion of the fourth act better gone through — she sings in sweetly plaintive tones, and draws tears from all eyes. Polonius is better understood by Mr Rogers than many who have sustained that part — although not the wisest of men, Polonius not a fool, and it is gratifying to find that Mr Rogers recognises the fact. He, however, made a few slips in his dialogue, for instance, the difference between the "ecstacy of love " and the "ecstasy of madness" is just that between sense and nonsense. Laertes found a good representative in Mr. Cathcart; in whatever other qualifications he may be deficient, this gentleman is, at all events, always earnest. Mr Everetts' Horatio was a quiet impersonation of the part, and he certainly appeared to be the man whom Hamlet said he would like to wear "in his heart of hearts." Some of the Horatios we have seen would, if the Danish Prince had been made the subject of an inquiry de lunatico, have amply proved the fact of Hamlet's insanity in calling any one of such his friend. Mr. Barry's representation of the ghost was very creditable, and he delivered his speech, "List, oh list," with something like agree- able rapidity. This passage is generally drawled out in most monotonous cadence We see no reason — at least no earthly reason — why ghosts with limited time should not speak quicker than they usually do on the stage. The dress was also admirably arranged, and gave to the figure a preternatural grandeur quite new to our colonial theatres. Mr. Bartlett's King was not so good as many characters in which this gentleman appears ; it is not, however, a part for which any actor can feel a large amount of enthusiasm. The scenery and all the accessories were in keeping, and even the book which Hamlet is reading when interrogated by Polonius was one of with the illuminated title letters of the olden time. Hamlet will be again produced on Monday next when, we have no doubt, the same crowded audience and the same deserved applause will greet its repeti- tion as on Wednesday last. "The Wife's Secret" was repeated for the third time yesterday evening and to-night Henry VIII. will be produced for the first time, with Mr. Kean as Cardinal Wolsey, and Mrs. Kean as Catherine of Arragon. PENRITH A correspondent writes as follow we : Last Wednesday, the lease for the ensuing year of the undermentioned tolls and ferry dues was sold by the clerk of Petty Sessions, at the Court-house he are, and realised as follows, viz. Tolls to be collected at the Hibbersteam Toll-gate, to Mr. William G Godwin, £303 ; Emu Ferry, to Mr. Parnell, the present it lessee, £1230 17s. ; Seventeen-mile Hollow, on the Bathurst Road, to Mr. Parnell, £1210 : all being in excess of the amounts for which the same were so bad for the present year The same day, the mere loss of the (Queen's Lodge and other brethren of the Masonic craft met at Brother John Perry's to ce celebrate the annual festival of the Lodge, a sumptuous dinner was provided for the brethren, and the UBUMI loyal and. 1 masonic toasts were drunk. In the evening there was the customary ball in connection with this festive occasion. It was numerously attended. On Tuesday, Greendale, Luddenham, and St. Mary's, South, Creek, were visited with a severe hailstorm, which. caused great destruction amongst the fruit and gardens. Indeed, the weather has been very variable,, with thunder, lightning, and showers. THE PETROLEUM TRADE The increase of the petroleum trade rapidly continues. According to the last accounts the shipments from New York since the beginning of the present year have reached 13,500,000 gallons, valued at £100,000, while those from Philadelphia have been about 4,000,000 gallons, valued at £200,000, a larger proportion of the crude oil being sent thence. Boston has also dispatched, l.öQQ.QO» gallons, and Baltimore 750,000 gallortB, > " 