>-«-' ? . ? ' LOBD BYRON AKD LADY CAROLINE LAMB. f FB0M LADT MOHGAH'S MEMOIRS ] THE correvpnndenre letwren Lady Caroline Lamb and I>dy | Morgan on the subjectif Lord Byron, together with the noble poet's last letter to Lady Caroline, moy now be given. In a rough memorandum written by Lady Morgan on a loose sbe*t of paper, in the y«nr before she commenced to kerp a regnlir diary there i» remo account of Lady Caro- line, taken dawn from her ownmr.utb. Lady Carol'ne s ac- count of her first introduo io» to Byron, and of the impres- sion made on her by the noble poet, will be read with nniverral intereBt. The lady's words must be let down in their rough state exactly as they appear in Lady Morgan a joornal. « Lady Caroline Lamb soot for me Her st"ry : Her mo ber bad a paral) tío stroke -, went to Italy : she remained there till nine years old, brought op by a maid called Fanny. She was th«n taken to Devonshire House, and brought up with her cousins. She gave curions anecdotes i-f high life -children neglected by their motliera-children Berved on silver in the morning;, carrying down tholr plate to the kilo' ea-noone'tia-ten',"t>them-fervents all at varia-ce ignoranoo of children on all snbteots-thought all people were dukeB or beggars or bad never to part with tbelr money-did not Know bread or butter was made - wondered if borées fed on beef-BO neglected in her education, she oou'd not write at le years old. Lidy Georgiana Caven- dish took her away, and she was sent to live with her god rao'ber. Spencer, where the housekeeper, in hoop and ruffles had the rnle over seventy servants, and al« a) s attended her ladies in the dr/iwinit-rooTi. Ln/y Goorgisna'B marriage was one de convenanc : Her delight was hunting butter- flies. The housekeeper breaking a lath over ber head re- conciled her to tbe matoh (to bcoome Duohess oi Devonshire.) She was itinerant of everything. Lady Spencer bad _ Dr. Warren to examine Lady Caroline. He said she had notendenoy to mudness-severity of her 'governess, and indulgence of ber parents. Her parsion for William Lamb- would not marry bim-knew herself tobe a fury-wanted to follow bim as a olork, &o.; Ill tempera on -both sides broke out together after marriage, both loved, bated, quarre'led, and made up. . He cared nothing for my mordis' she said ' 1 might flirt, and go about with what; men I plea-ed. Ke wag privy to roy affair with Lord Bj ron, and laughed ot it His indolence rendered bim insensible to everything. 'When I ride, play and nmiiBe him, he lovea me. In sickness, or sufferiug, he deserts me. His violence is as bad as my own."' i Her account of Lord Byron :- I *' Lady Westmoreland knew him in Ita'jr. She took on ker to present him. The woman suffocated him. I heard no- ' thing of bim till the day Rigirs, (for he Moore and Spencer, were all my lovers and wrote me np to theakie*. I was in the clouds.) Bogers said, 'yon thonld know the new poet,' and he offtn ed me the M S. of Childe Harold to read. I "Iroad it, and that was enongb. Bogers said,'be bas a club foot, and hites his nails.' I said, ' if he was as ngly as .JEiop, I most know him.' I waa one night at Lady Weat more'nnd's ; the women were all throwing their beads at him. Lady Westmoreland led me up to him. Ï looked earnestly at bim, and turned on my heel. My opinion, 'in my j' ur jal wa», mad, and (langerons to know.' A day or two passed ; I wag sitting with Lord and Lady Holland, when he waa announced. Lady Holland said, 'I most present Lord Byron to ion.' Lord Byron said, ' that offer was made to jon before ; may I ask why yon rejected it V He begged permis- sion to come and see me. Hie d13 so the next day. Bogers and Moore were standing hy me ; I was on the sofa. I had jost come in from riding ; I was filthy and heated. When Lord Byron was announced I fliw out of the room to wash myself. When I returned, Rogers eaid, ' Lo d Byron yon are a happy man. Lady Caroline has been sitting here in I all her dirt with us, but when you were announced, she .{led to beautify herself.' Lord Byron wished to ,como and see me _ at eight o'o'ook when I I was alone, that was my dinner hour. I said be might. Iront that moment for more than nine month», he almost lived at Melbourne House. He waa then the centre of ,all gaioty, at least in appearance. My cousin Hartington wanted to make waltzes and quadrilles ; and at Devonshire , Bouse it wonld not be allowed, so wo bad them In the great 'drawing-ro m of Melbourne House. All the lion ton of 'London assembled here every day. There wes nothing BO fashionable. Byron continued to swe»p them all away. I My mother grew miserable, and did everything in her power io break off the connection. She at lost brought me to consent to go to Ireland with her and papa. Byron wrote ne that letter, which I bave shown -you. While in Ireland, I recoived Jettera constantly, the most tender, and the most amusing, We had to go to Dublin on onr way home where sty mother brought me a letter. There was a coronet on the seal. The initials under tbe coronet were L»dyOxford's. It was that onielilotter I have Îublished in Glenarvon ¡ it destroyed me ; I lust my brain, waa bled, leeched, kept for a week in the filthy Dolphin Inn at It ok. On my return, I was in great prostration of mind and spirit Then came my fracas with the pago, whioh-made such a noise. He was a little etpiegle and wonld throw detonating balls into tbe fire. Lord Melbourne^ always-scolded me for this ¡ and I the boy. 'One dav I~ waa playingib II with him ; he threw a rquib into the ifire, and I threw the ball at his head. ',It hit him on the temple, end bo bled. He cried out, ' Oh, my lady, yon have killed me 1' Out of my senses I flow into the ball and screamed. «Oh-God-! I'bare >murdered the pagel' The servants and people in the streets eaught the sound, and It was soon Ïiread about. William Lamb -would live with me no longer. II his family united in insisting on orr separation. Whilst this was going on, and instrument* drawing out-that ils, in one month I wrote and Bent «Glenarvon to the press. I wrote it unknown to all (eave a governess, Miss Welsh) in the middle of the «night. It was necessary to have it copied out. I hod heard of a famous oopier, an old Mr. Wood head. I sent to beg >he would oome and see Lady Caroline Lamb, at Melbourne House. " I placed Miss Welsb, elegantly dressed at my harp, and myself dressed in the pogo'B clothes, looking a boy of four- teen. He addressed Miss Welsh as Lady Caroline. She showed him the author. He would not believe that this schoolboy could write «nob a thing. He came to me again j in a few days, and he found one in my own clothes. I told bim " William Ormond, the yoting author, was dead. When tbe work was printed, I sent it to William Lamb He was delighted witb it, and we became nnited just as the world thought we bad parted for ever. The scene at Brrcket Hall (in the novel of Glenarvon), was true. Lord Byron's death-tbo ghost appearing to ber--her distraction at bia death. Medwin's talk completed her distress." We may now proceed witb the correipenderce. LADT CABOLIKE hXVU TO ILADT MONGAN. ' « Melbourne House, Juno 2. " My dear Lady Morgan :-1 bave sent for and I know .not if I Bball receive, the portrait you wished to see. I am afraid yon bave seen me nnder great irritation, and under j «ironmstano s that might try any one. 1 am too miserable. You bave not yet advised me what to do-1 know not-care not. Oh God, it is a punishment severe onongh ; I never can receiver it ; it, is fair by William Lamb to mention, that since I saw you he has written a tender letter ; hot if I am sent to live by my- self, let them dread the violence of my despair-better far to go away. Every tree, every flower will awi ken bitter reflection. Fity me, for I am too unhappy . I cannot bear it. I wonld give all I possessed on earth to be what I once was and I would sow be obedient and gentle ; but I shall die of grief. ?Think about Ireland-if only for a few months - yet what shall I do at Bessborough alore ? God Mess you i lhanks for your portrait; hearing this is a ead ending to a too frivolous and far too happy a, life. Farewell; if you receive the portrait, return it, and send the letter ; it ia his parting «no when I went to Ireland with Mamma, (I anean Lord Byron's. 1 She was nearly flying because she thought I waa going to leave ter. William, at that time, loved me so muoh, that he forgave me all, and nnly implored me to remain My lire has not ibeen the best possible. Tbe slave of impulso, I have rushed forth to my own deal ruction. If yon like the draw- ing of me, wh'oh Pickett did before he died, I will try and have it copied. I trust faithfully to yosr returning my letter and both piolares. . Ever, with atecere ínteres'lag and afleotirn, " CABOLTNE." LOR» JlTBON'S TARTT LETTES TO LADT CARDUME LAUD. (Enclosed in foregoing.) "My dearest Caroline,--If teat», whioh yon saw and know I am not apt to shed- if the agitation in which I parted from yon-agitation whiob yon moat have perceived tnrongh the whole.ot this most nervous affair, did not oommence until tbe marnent of learning you approached-if all I have said and done, and am still too ready to say and do, have not safBoiootly proved what my real feelings are, and must ever be towards you, my love, I have no other proof to offer. ' God knows, I wish yo« happy, and when I quit yon or rather yon from a sense of duty to your husband and mother quit me you shall acknowledge the truth of what I again Eromise and vow, that na other in word or deed, shall ever old that place in my affections whioh is, and shall I e, most sacred to you till I am nothing. I never knew till that moment the madness of my dearest and moat beloved friend t X cannot express myself-} this ia no time for words, but I shall have a ptide, a melancholy pleasure, in suffering «bat on yourstlf can scarcely oonoeive, for you do not know me. am about to go out with a heavy heatt. became my op pearins: this evening will atop any absurd story, which the spite of the day might give rise tr. Do .yon think neu», 1 am oold, and stem anti wilful ? will other* o .er think BO ; will your mother ever - that mother to whom we-must in- deed sacrifice rauoh more, much more on my part, than she .'lill eve* know or imagine ? '? Promise not to love you." Ah ! 0»IO11DP, ¡t is pa-t promisir g. But I shall RitKb re all OODoeFslons (o the proper motive, and noter oeaie all that A ou hove already »iiuesstá, and moro thin can ever te nown.bnt io my own hf art - perhaps to yours. »' May God protect, torglve and blesa you ever and ever, more tban ever, " Ycur most attached. I " P.S.-These taunta which have drhen yon to this roy dear Caroline, were it not for your mother and the kind- ness of your connexions, ia- there anything in earth or heaven that would bave mode me BO happy as to have made you mine long ago : and not less now than then, but more than ever at this time. You know I would with pleasure give np all here and beyond the grave for you, and in re- training from this, must my motives be misunderstood ? I care cot who knows this, what use is made of it, it is to yoe and to you only that they are, yourself. I wai and am yours freely and entirely to obey, to bononr, love and fly "willi you, when, where end how yourself might and may determine." "From the confession of Lady Cerolinej'previonsly given, it will have been seen that Byron continued to write to her, while she was in Ireland. How the unhappy woman quar- rell* d In the last degree with her indulgent husband, is not told in tbece papers. That ehe parted from him and went abroad are farts involved in the statements whioh ensue ? The lettera must be given without comment. LADT CAROLINE LAMB TO LADT HOBQAN. (No date.) "No no, not that por'rait out of my hands-I oinnot hear. I will have it copied for you. I mn->t take it with me to Paris. Thank you, dear Lady Morgan for yonr advice but yon do net -understand me, and 1 do not wonder JOH cannot know me. I hid purposed a very pretty_ little sup per for you. I have permission lo see all my friends hero ; 1 it is not William'« boase ; beside, be said he wished me to ' see every one, and Lady - - called and asked me who I ' wished to see. I shall, therefore, shake hands with the ' whole court guido before I go. The only question I want you to solve is, shall I gd abroad ? shall I throw myself upon those who no longer want me, or Bhall I live a good sort of a half kind of life In some cheap street, a little way off via. the City Boad, Shoreditob, Camberwell, cr upon the top of a Bhop,- or shall I give lectures to little obildren and keep a seminary, and thus earn my bread ? or shall I write a kind of quiet every day. sort of novel, full of whole- some truths, or shall I attempt to be poetical, and failing, big my friends for a guinea a piece, and their names, to sell my work, upon the lou foolscap paper-or shall I fret, fret, fret, and die-or shall 1 be dignified and fancy mi Belf as Biobard the Second did, when he piloted the nettle up upon a thorn ? '. Sir Charles Morgan WOB most agreeable and good natnred. Faustas is good in ita way, bnt.has not all its sublimity ; it ¡B like a rainy shore ; I admire it because I conceive what 1 had heard translated elsewhere ; but the end particularly is in very contemptible taste. The over- j turo attached to it ia magnificent, the ecenery hraut'ful, parts affecting, and not unlike Lord Byron, that dear, that an^el that misguided and misguided Byron, whom I adore although he left that dreadful legacy on me -my memory. Remember thee-and well-I hope he and William will find better friends ; as to myself, 1 never can love anything better than what I thus tell yon : W illiam Lamb first my mother second ; Byron third ; my boy fourth ; my brother I William fifth ; my father and godmother sixth ; I my nnole and aunt, my cousin Devonshire, my brother Fred, (myself), my cousin next and. las', my p tit friend young Ruesell, bec use he is my aunt's godson ; be canse when he was but three I norscd him ; beoiuse he ha' a heart to win, free and kind heart; but chiefly because he stood by me when no one else did., *. I am, yours," «OL.' " Send me my portrait. I tiust toyonr kindness and .honorn-:1' I LADT OAEOLINE .HMD «TO LADT MOBOAN. (Ko date.) ' " Dear Lady Morgan,-You know not what misery and illness I have suffered since I last wrote to you. My brother William-my kind gusrdian angel-informed me to-day that you were in town and OB I am too ill togo out, and < wieh 'to consul- you about publishing my journal, and many, other things, would you do me the favour to call here to- morrow evening, or any time yon píente between eight and eleven I .Unless you meet my brother you will find no one and, as I have four horses, I can send for you, aud send you baok when yon like. "Yours, mostsiooeroly," .* CAROLINE." " P.S.-I was rather grieved you never-answered my lost imprudent letter ; fear not they bavo broken my heart, not my spirit t and if I will but sign a paper, all my rich rela- tions will help' me and I shall, ne doubt, go'witu n Almaok tiokot to Heaven." LADT CABOLINB LAMB TO LADT JIOBOAN. . October 10. «'My dear Lady Morgan,-1 ihave a*great deal to tay to you and to explain to ^ou, and I will write soon ; but I have not been well. Lady Cowper called soon .after yon .left me at Thomas'* Hotel, and promised to oall on yon and cay that I could not. I have seen berBince and found she did not ; bnt she wished to do so .auch, i>nd I now send you her card ; pray see William and my sort, and write and tell me all you think about them and ireland, and when you will next be ont. I write this solely to fulfil my engagement-saving, I leave you when I die Lord Byron'e picture, now nntfer the careof-Goddard, the original by Saunders. Pray excuse me one word until I hoar from yon, and believe me. 1 "liver most alnoerelyyours, ." CABOLIHI LAUB.'' LADT CATTOLLN LAUD 90 .LAUT HOBOAN, . - - "Dover. " My dear Lady, Morgan,-It would be oharitable in you to write.me a letter, and it would be most kind If von ' would immediately send me Lord Byron's piotdre, as far mora than the six weeks have expired, and I am again inEngland. If you will send it for me to Melbourne House, to the care of the porter, I shall be mostBinseruly obliged to you. ?* My situation in life, now, is new and strange. I seem to be left to my fate most completely,'and to take-my ohsnoe, enough or smooth without the smallest interest being ex- pressed for me. It Is for good purposes no doubt ; besides I must submit to my fate-it being without a remedy. (T. am now with my maid, at the Ship Tavern, Water-lane, hairing come over from Calais. I bave no sorvants, page, .carriage, bora's, nor fine rooms. '1 hémela choly of my situation in tbe litt e dreary apartment, is roused by thovery loud jovial laughter of my neighbours who are smoking in the next room. Bray send me my invaluable portrait, and pray thinkkindly of me ¡'everyone in France -ta'kcd much of you and with great enthusiasm; Farewell ; remember mo to your husband and family, and believe me, , "Most truly jours, * OABOLIKR LABS." '.P.S.-Direct to me, care of the Hononrablo William Ponsonby, St. Jame» Square, London. I hope yon received a letter,from me wrilt» before I left England.*' LADT «ABOLINB LAMB TO LADT MOROAK. . ' My dearest Lady,-As being a lady whom my adored mother loved, your kindness about Ada Rila, I teol (be more, aa everybody wishes to run d-iwn and suppress the vitil spark ot genin« I have, and in truth it is but small (about what one sees a maid gets my excessive beating on a under box.) lam not vain believe me, nor selfish.' nor in love with my authorship; bnt I am independent, as far ai a mite and bit of dntt can be. I thank God, being bera with all the great names of England around me ; I value them alono for what they dared do, and have done, and I fear nobody-except the devil, who certainly has all along been very par- ticular in his atttentlons to mo, and has sent me as many bait« as Job. I, however, am happily for myself, in as ill state of health aahewas if so It ust in God I shall evermore resist temptation My history, if you eter care and like to read it, ia this.-My mother baying boys, wished ardently for a girl ; and I who evidently ought to have been a sol- dier, was found a naughty girl forward, talking like Bicbard the 'third. I was a troubl , not a pleasure, all my ohildhood, for whioh reaspn, after myn toro from Italy where I waa from the age of four till nine. I was ordered by tho late Dr. Warre neither to learn anything, nor see Anything for fear the violent passions and strange wbims ti ey found in me should lead to madness; of which, however he assured every one there were ao symptoms. I differ, bat the end war, that until fifteen, I learned nothing. My instinct, for .re all have instinots, was for rnut-io, in it delighted ; I cried when it was pathetic, and did all that L'ryden's ode Alexan- der do of course, 1 was not allowed to follow it np.- My angel mi-other's ill health prevented my living at home '? my kind aunt Devonshire took me ¡ the present Duki loved rae better than himself, and every one paid me those compli- menta shown to children who'aro precious to their parente or delicate, and likely to die. I wrote not, spelt not ; bnt I made verses whioh they all thought beautiful -for myBolf I preferred washing a dog, or polishing a piece of Derby- shire spar, or breaking in ahorna to any nocompliihmentln the world. Drawing-room, (shall I say, wihtdrawingToom aa they now aay Tj looking glasses, finery or drees company, were ever my abhorence. I was, Tam religious i waa loving (?) bnt I was, and am unkind. I fell in love when only twelve yeera old with a frienl of Charlea Fox-a friend of liberty, whose poems I hod read, whose self I had never seen and when I did see him, at thirteen, oonld I obangeT No I was moro attached than ever. William Limb waa beau- tiful, and far the olevereit person then about, and the most doing in his opinions, in lils love of liberty and indepen deno'. He thought of me bnt as a otiUd- yet heliked me much ; afterwards he offered to marry me, end I refu-ed .him, because of roy temper, wb'oh waa tro violents ?*; lowever asked twice and was not refosed the tecond time, and the reason waa that IJ aioredbira. I bad three ohildion ; twodrd ; my only child is afflicted ; It is the will of God ; I buró wandered from right and been punished, I have snflered what you can hardly belfevo; I have lost my mother, whose good senae ami gen- tler ess guided me, Lhave received mora kindness than I can ever repay ; I have Buffered also, but I deserved it. My power of mind and of body are gone ; I am like the abade of what I waa ; to write was once my resource and pleasure; but since the only eyes that ever admired my mo,t poor and humble productiona are dosed, wherefore should I indulge the propensity ? God bless you ; I write from my heart, you I are one like me, who have not perhaps taken the right rood. I nm on my death bed ; pay. I ni^bt have died by a dia- mond, I now die by a brickbat ; but remember the only noble fellow I ever met with, is William Lamb ; be is to me what Shore waa to Jane Shore, 1 aaw it once ; I am aa grateful, but aa unhappy. Pray exense the Borrows tbia sod atr nge letter will cause you ; could yon be in time I would he glad to see you- to yon alone would I give np Bj ron's letters ranch else- but all like the note yoa have. Pray órense this being tot written as clearly as you can write. I Bpeak as I hope you do, from the heat. C. L. 