VALEDICTORY BREAKFAST TO ' THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. Yesterday morning the Right Roy. the Bishop of Mclbourno was entertained at a breakfast at the Criterion hotel, given by tlio clergy and laity of tho diocese for tho purpose of affording tbom an opportunity of presenting addresses to him prior to his departure for England, which' takes placo this month, in tho royal mail steamer. Tho Very Rot. the Bean of Melbourne occupied tiio chair, and the Ven. Archdeacons of Portland mid Castlemnine officiated as vice chairmen. There were about 200 persons present, many of whom wero ladies; and in addition to tho numerous and influential members of tho church who occu pied seats at tho head of tho tablo wore His Excelloncy tho Governor and Lady Barkly, who wero accompanied by Lady Bowon. Tho Lord Bishop nnd Lady Perry oocupied seats at the right and left hands of the chairman. When breakfast was conoluded a short- prayer was offered, after which a portion of scripture was read and tho To Bourn was chanted by tho assemblugo. Tho Tory Rev. tho Dean of Melbourne thon read tho following address, which boro tho signatures of the various clergymen in the dioeeso:— " To tho Right Reverend Charles, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Melbourne. " May it plcaso your Lordship, — " We, tho D;an, Archdeacons, and clergy of. tho diocesa of Melbourne, desire that your lordship should not quit our shores for a visit to England without receiving an assurance of our high appreciation of the manner in which, for upwards of fifteen years, you lisvo so worthily filled tho office of bishop, as well as of our personal regard. "Although but few of us hnvo been asso ciated with your lordrliip in the work of tho ministry from tho commencement of your episcopate, we all most cordially unite in theso expressions of esteem and love. " Wo think this a fitting occasion for refer ring to thoso evidences of Divine blessing which have been vouchsafed to this diocese during tho period already mentioned. On landing, at tho commencement of tho year 1848, your lordship found in this colony only three clergymen and three churches, one of which i was finished. There aro now upwards of eighty parishes or ecclesiastical districts, and ninety clergymen, besides many lay assistants — at tho present timo seventy-seven churches, forty- Beven parsonages, and ono hundred nnd ninety- six parochial schools are cither complete or in process of erection, and there aro incumbents or officiating ministers.' Four archdeaconries have boon created by your lordship,, embracing all the most thickly populated districts, tho organisation of which tends to improved order as well as increased vigour. Espeoially would wo congratulate your lordship on tho success which has attended your efforts, not only in preparing tho framowork of our Church Assembly, but in procuring tho Royal assent to tho act from wliioh its powers aro derived, and by which the clergy and laity of tho diocesa aro enabled to co operate effectively in rogulaling tho affairs of the Church. " Wo admit with devout humility that without tho presence and power of tho Spirit of God all church efforts and organisation will bo in vain, however earnest may be tho ono, howovor wisely contrived tho other. Paul mny plant, Apollos water, but Go.d alone givetli the increase. We would, however, express our conviction that whilst wo have thoso proofs of expansion in these recorded results, and of order and of consolidation in our arrangements, wo have what is Tartly more preoious — the Bigna of tho effectual blessing of tho Holy Ghost. " Wo fosl that tho church of this diocese owes much, under God, to your lordship's untiring exortions and oarncst prayers, and we beg to assuro you that we shall not cease to make mention of you and Mrs. Perry in our prayers, that Ho who rules tho winds and tho waves will guard you on your voyago ; that our gracious Father will preserve you in health and strength during your sojourn in England; that Ho will guide you with wis dom and grace in carrying out those plans in connection with the work of tho church in which you purpoEO to engage ; and, finally, that Ho will bring you book to these shores in tho fulness of tho blessing of tho Gospel of Christ." The Lord Bisnor in roplying said lie desired thankfully to acknowledge the kind and affectionate address which had juBt been presented to him. 'Ho must ask them to forgivo liis inability to express these thanks in n written reply, as ha had not reoeivod n copy of the nddress in sufficient timo to enable liim to prepare one. But although he felt much regret in not being ablo to read his roply, it was a circumstance which was to some extent advantageous, as ho might probably be nblo to. speak with moro freedom and fulness than he should havo done had ho committed his thoughts to paper. Thoy (tho clergy) had expressed their high appreciation in which he had filled the office of Bishop during his residence in tho colony. Ho " was sure they did not" say what they did not moan, and it would bs a poor compliment to thom, if lie did not express his feelings of gratification at motiving such on assurance from them. As to the duties ho liad to perforin, ho wished to say that his opinion of tho duties of a bishop was Tcry different to that entertained bv many persons in Eogland. His idea of the office was, that ho who held it should exercise a most watchful core over tho diocese and tho olergymon in it,— visiting them in their different parishes and parochial dis tricts, and affording them as much assistance aa ho ceuld by his counsel ; and in suoh otlior ways as wero in liis power. Theso wero tho_ principles upon which ho had acted during tho time ho had presided over the diocesa; and although in tho oaurso of that timo ho had often found himself obliged to point out what seemed to him to be mistakes or errors on the part of some of his clerical brethren," and although ho had felt it to bo Ilia duty to receive any complaint which might, be mode to him, and communicato it to the olergvman whom it concerned, ho thought ho might Bay, and their address encouraged him to say it, that he had not, during all tho time of his episcopate, given offence to any of his brathron. He believed that tho Bishop who filled his offios ia accordance with the principles ho had just stated with a desire to do his duty to God and man, would always, and in all countries, receive tho assistance and oo-pperation of his brethren the clergy. He would toko this opportunity of expressing liis thanks to tho clergymen present, and to tho whole clergy of tho diocese, for tho manner in which tlicy had always received him on. tho occasion of his visits amongst thorn, and for tho manner in which they had received his advice and assist ance. It was a groat oomfort to liim to look back on tho fifteen years of his episcopate nnd to remomber that whilst, during nil theso years, only two clergymen, had- left -tho. diocese under painful circumstances, ono had since returned, ond tho other was -now on the most satisfactory terms with himself. He was happy to Bay that whatever might at one time havo oeourred, all unpleasant feelings had passed away. Ho thanked them for the ex pression of their personal regard, and assured thom that lie highly appreciated it. Tho power of a bishop depended upon the hearty, earnest co-operation of tlio clergy, nnd lie believed no bishop had moro reason than him self to tlmnk God for the oharactcr of thoso who were associated in tho ministry with him. Thoy referred in their address to tho difficulties under which he hod commenced his ministra tion ; and it was true, that when he arrived in the colony he had only threo clorgymen and tlireo laymen to assist him. Only ono of theso clergymen (tho Dean) now remained with him, having boon associated with liim, and assisting liim during nil liis years of labour. Another (Mr. Hayes) h»d left tho diocese under painful circumstances ; but this oireumstanca had been ovorruled, and he was now in charge of a parish in Tasmania, all painful feelings having lor-g I tiiice been removed. The third, ho regretted to say, bad been removed by death. Tbo ' three laymen were still in tho diocese, but wore nbsont a short diatauco from Melbourne. It was deeply interesting to liiin to look back upon the circumstances to which lliey lmd'alludcd in their nddress, ond although few of them had been with him when ho com menced his. work, there hod been added to t ho number many who had been labouring for many years in tho dioecse, and ho hoped God would giro them life to en- nhlo them to carry out these lobou-s. They had alluded to the evidence s of Divine blessings which had been vouchsafed to them, nod theso ho thankfully acknow ledged. Tlio church hod indiod pros pered. Its influence hod been extended, its numbers had been greatly added to, and tlio number of tlio clergy had been largely in ert ased. Thoy had much to bo thankful for, nnd to God was tiio glory. Tho praiso did not. belong to liim or to any particular indi viduals, but to tho'Lord, wlio, out of liis good providence, had brought llicss tilings to pass. They hod alluded to tho division of tho diocese into archdeaconries. ' Ho wished to state that the assistance of -tho archdeacons was very groat indeed. Their position wus cvon moro difficult than that of tho Bishop, because tho clergy wero moro ready tj acknow ledge tlio authority of tlio Bishop thon that of an archdeacon, and therefore moro tact- was required .by an archdeacon in tho per formance of his duties. Ho was thankful that God hud associated him not only with the D.an but with tlireo other ore! deacon", who wero car yingouttho work allottc'd.to tlioin in the most, satisfactory manner. Ho hoped they would strengthen tlio archdeacons in carrying out this work, end that they tho ('irehdoncons) would bo ablo to exorcise o beneficial influenco over tho clorgymen in their several archdea conries, availing, themselves of tho help of their elder brethren, and assisting and instructing their younger brethren. Whilo lie had the nBsistnneo of the nrchdeaoons tho dioeeso was greatly extending, and tho population was becoming larger evory year. In consequence of this, there had been a proposition for the division of tlio diocese. He hud rcceivod a worm und earnest letter from one of tho clergy, expressing a hope that this division would tslto placo. It would griovo him to.losc any of- his clergy, but stiil it would not lead him to throw any obstaelo in tho way of tho acoomphshmont of .tho design which had boon proposed. They had alluded in their add res- to the rstablishinent of. the Church Assembly. Ho felt that this bad been a most signal act of God'B goodness to the church, and lie was much pleuscd to receive this acknowledg ment. from thorn. Tlio constitution of the Assembly hnd proved to bo quite satisfactory. Ho licvir had any fear of his lay brotlircn, and ho' hoped they would entertain no fears in respect to them. 'Tlicy, with tho clorgy, con stituted the cliurch.of Christ, and the church in order to bo happily managed, must be go verned by tlio Bishop, clergy, and laity. The manner in which the discussions had been carried on in tho-Assombly testified in a re markable niannor tbo goodness of God, as ho had onablcd them to deal with tho most difficult questions with out tlio slightest acrimony manifesting itself. The deliberations of .tho Church As> sembly lia ' tended in tho highest degree to strengthen -tlio church in this country, nnd had been tho means of still moro uniting it. Lastly, 'they had alluded to tho presence amongst-them of God's Holy Spirit, and thoy said truly that without its presence all their efforts would bo in vain. Tlioy 'could judge much more correctly than ha could of tho manner in which the work of God was going on in their several parishos. Ha trusted lliey would always.be nblu to testify to it as satisfac torily as thoy had dono to-day, and lie liopod that .God .would manifest liis great power ,.in. tho conversion of sinners and in tlio building', of -and establishing of His ohurcli. On behalf of Mrs. Perry, and 011 his own behalf, ho begged to express liis thanks for tho promiso of their praycts. Tlicy should both value these prayers, and would feel that they should he ' watched over by the Lord in the journey they were about : to make. There were few better passages in tho epistle of St. Paul than the ono in -which lie speaks of the importance cf t b prayers of liis people, and thoy felt tho full vnluo'-of tho promise which had been made, that, tbo supplications cf the' clergy would bo rnado in their behalf. ' He.' again- begged to express his thanks for the address generally, and for the kind wishes which wero expressed in it towards himself and Mrs. Perry. (Applause.) Sir W. Staivell then presented the address of tho laity, wl.i-h he read as follows:— : "My Lord, —We, tho laity of tho, Church of England in Victoria, desire to offer to your self and Mrs. Perry our best .wishes that you may liavh a' prosperous voyago to Europo. and .0 Jiujipy;. reunion with your friends, and that it ti ny plcaso' God to bless your efforts to proinntb tho interests of the cliuroh in this colony, and : to favour you with a speedy rot'irn. - ' ; - .' ' " 1 - "Ho comparison of your diocese as it existed sixteen years jigo, \wi'h its present aspect, is 'needed to convince, us.nf the .value of your ee.r- yieos. Fromn burden of reproaohfuliinactivity in. which', if then., existed, precluding .alike favourable comparison .with other churches or with, tho evidence of advancement in ex treme civilisation', tho' Churcli of England has emerged into order , ond. established itself on » firm basis. Chuiohes have been erected in all tlio various centres'- of population. A staff of olergy with auxiliary -'readers hro actively engaged throughout t lie longth and breadth of tho land. ;A provision not altogether inade quate for Their snsto'ntatiou ia annually raised, and a fprin of constitution is now in harmo nious operation for tho administration of its secular affairs. ' "If to these proofs of progress and settled- order might be. added . a cathedra! ond college, and the ' endowment of both these, noil of tho regular parochial clergy, our satisfaction would- lie complete.' Wo rcoogniae, however, in what lias been actually accom plished, an effort not altogether' commensurate with our. present condition as a colony, end wo recognise . not leas i tlio leadership of a chief 'whoso ability - nnd \ zstil aro alike -con spicuous.' j . 1. Permit lis, however, to. nay that it is this very recognition: which. affects us with appro, honsion for tlio consequences of, your absence. Alrosdy in tho' bosom of tho church lias appeared a tendency to schism - without ade quate cause, while cxtt really clouds in the' political -horizon afford' time for alarm. Wo liavo good confidence, however, in God, that lio. will avert the evils" both external and internal of ' which theso may ho regarded as. premonitory sign». --If the Apostio- Paul fqresaw. and' fprowurncd -his : converts at Epbesus of dangers which inipendod,' wo may surely bo excused som t anxiety on tho scora of your lordship's obseueo under, tho presout aspect, of nflairs- . " Tlio oonnoctioh between cliuroh and state, and tho inharmonious. action introduced into' tho latter by "any. defectiveness of constitutions in the former aro su1 je'ots'of deep interest to iho' Christian' philosopher. In an dge of general mental, culture liko tho present, it ia'-not suf ficient that Iho .clorgy should bo pious, but tlicy should . be learned- also,', that by tlieir persoual character tlicy. may command publio esteem, nnd by thoir learning ,bo, ablo to repol every attack oni their common failli. Tho union of thoso qualities' in a remarkable degree in your lordshipV character inspires ue with confidonca that you will rcquiro tliemos primary qualifications of your elorey, and Ihat'we may ontcrtnin through hope that whilo 'righteous noss nnd peaco kiss- each-other,' learning mny not bo found incompatible with pietv, nor Christian concord . with religions liberty, but that all may flourish together and become tho glory of our land, "Oneo more wo reiterate this oxpresions of our esteem an 1 good wishes," etc. His Lordship suid that in returning thinks to tho laity f- r their kind and feeling address, and for tho oxpr.-Bsion of thoir interest and regard for Mrs. P.rry nnd himself, I10 would ask them to txouse him for not having written a reply to tlio address, nnd to bear with him if ho neglected or omitted anything in tlio remarks ho was about to make. Ho felt that it would bo oil offectatiou of modesty on liis part if he were not 10 acknowledge their kind language towards himsolf. Ho highly vnlucd tlio expression of their sentimonts, beeauso, os ho hod j st lieforo Btatod, in his reply to the address of tbo clorgy, ho believed them to bo. sincere, nnd ho could not but appreciate suoh expressions, coming from suoh n body o! persons. In their address they hud introduced several important subjects. Thoy had referred back to the timo when this was only a pa- 1 of a larger diocese, and when tho bishop resided at a very considi ruble diitance from them, and when this was not called tho colony of Victoria. Thero was ono word in iho address which I10 thought should be changed. Tliey bad spoken of tho " reproach ful inactivity " which had nt ono timo cliarao torisod tho cliuroh, but ho thought this term should be altered to "compulsory inactivity," forfrom docuinentsho lindinliispossesBsioii,and which ho had referred to 00 a recent occasion, ho could speak to the fact that thero was no willing inactivity in the chinch at l?ot Phillip at tho timo aliudod to. Ho had road, at the Church Assembly a very interesting memorial to tho Archbishop of Canterbury, forwarded by the inhabitant! at about the period referred to, in which they mentioned tho exortions thoy wore moking in endeavouring to roiiovo tho spiritual drstitution which existed at tha time, and praying the Archbishop to send out ministrrs to aid them in their efforts. Thero was also the prospectus of a grammar sehoo1, which, however, was not thon carried out ; but it had since been carried out in a much wider form than could at that time havo been liopcd for. Thco wis a necessity for cvory district brnnoli of tho church having its own bishop ; but, although he would not shut l.is oyes to the great progress which had been made by tho church, ho must point out that this prognss had not been mado in cons' quence of, the individual character of tho Bishop, but merely from the fact that a bishop had been residing amongst them. It was to this circumstance, and to tho sclf-der.yiiig character of tho Bishop of Sydney— (hear, hear) — that the church hod lioen ablo to cs'ablish and extend itself in this colony. During tlio' last fifteen years great progress had been made, but still tlio means at tlio disposal of tho ohurcli wcro very inade quate for tiio wants of tho people; for they must not forget that notwithstanding the hcreus-i which had token place iu tho numbor of clorgymen, their proportion wo-, as tlio Bishop of Sydnoy had pointed out, much less then in the neighbouring colonies. Ho mentioned this to show tho necessity .which existed for in creased exertions, not only in ' maintain ing but extending tho church. Thoy hnd alluded to tho form of constitution which existed, to the constitution, in fact, of the Church Assembly. He hnd already alluded to this in liis address to tbo clergy, and ho could only repeat. that ho had. every con fidence in tho laity of the church for tho wiso exercise of any powers- which might -bo en trusted to thom. His earnest desiro had alwuys been to bring tho laity ' into earnest oo-oporation with the clergy, and lio was thankful to God for tho mriins .which had been given to effect this purpose. To this ho attiibi.ted wliutovor prosperity had attended the church in the colony. Ho did fecr some times tho ill< gal interference of individual laymen or bodies of laymen, just as ho would fenr tho illegal intarferenco of individual clergymen or bodies of clergymen, but ho did' not fear tho result , of :tho .cxerciso: of any power with whioh the Cliuroh Assembly might entrust tho lai'y. Thry also spoke of what remained to bo. -done, and referred, amongst other tiling.', to tho. orcction of a cathedra, wliioh ho supposed included the f- rmation of a citlndral establishment, and tho establishment' of a. college in . connection with tho University.' ; (Hear, 'beer). Thoy also spoke of the endowment' of the- pnrochial olorgy. These were all - mutters of impor tance and lib trusted thoir utten'ion would be directed towards them,- end their energetic -exertions. called, forth inTheir behalf. This,, however, was not tho time to enter into tlio consideration of theso various subjects. Ho could only snv that . ho entirely agreed with thom in their suggestions for t lie establishment of a cathodral and the erection of a cathedral institution ; nnd what was of moroimpoitnnce, tlio erection of a cathedral college in connexion with tho Church of England, which was one of tho objects to which the attention of the church should first bs direoled. With respect. ,to the endowment of p-jrishes, ho would not express anyi disagreement . with them,; but ho thought thero was a .much more, important matter, to bo considered, in the endowment of tlio general church. In his opinion n fund should bo formed, which should be pieced at the disposal of tho cliuroh and tho general benefit of the parishes throughout I h_ dioeeso, .so as to afford assistance to the various clergymen; Theaddress touched upon a very 'delicate point, and lie felt deeply the languago tlicy had- used, . Tlicy exprcssod their anxiety as to -tho result of his l-nving them. It would .bo the highest presumption on his part if ho wero to suppose that liis individual prescnco wcro at all ncccssury for tho well-being of the ohuroh in tiio colony. Ho knew there were difficulties to be contended with when tlio Bishop was absent, but some bishops who hid visi'od" England seemed to think that their presence amongst.t heir people wasnot. required. Ho trusted the cliuroh would not think lie was doing wrong in visit, ing England, but in refi-reneo to this part of their- address, he- would ' Bay that while ho considered tho -Bishop during his absence would, necessarily feel considerable anxiety as to what was. going on while ho was- nway, ho wbb happy to be able to entrust tlio chargo of tho diocese to ono who had been 111 connection with liim during tho whole of his labours; who nuinbored mora years than lie did ; whoso impulses, wliut-.-vor tlioy might- liavo been, which" ho had inherited from his country, having been tamed down in tho pro gress of years. Ho wns happy, hi stil l, to bo ablo to entrust tho charge of tho dioeeso to ono who had bcon tried ' for ' years amongst thom ; who had been long known to thorn ; wlio had heforo porformod these duties on his \- uchalf, nnd who would now bo supported in a manner in whioh on that occnsion ho. wns not supported ; who would also bo nss'sted by that, council of ntlvico, .which was in tact tlio council of the diocese. No bishop could thcrcfo-o loavo his dioeeso with greater confidence than lie should ; and while tliorb were lircuniitunces which perhnps might makotlic members of the caureli anxious on its behalf, I Key must remem ber thnt tlibro was no period of activity in the ohurcli wlien there were not these symptoms of danger.. There wire times of sloth and inactivity wlieji danger did not appear, but during tlio time- of progress thero would necessarily be circumstuncsa which would oauae fear. Tho address m-ntionod the fact of the existence of schism in tho church. This griovod liim greatly, but thoy must not be surprised nt ir. These indications 'of danger must make them cxerciso more self control and watchfulness, and with the a sistanco of God s blessing to prevent tho reourrenco of the evil. The parochial system which liad been introduced and maintained, when viewed in one particular aspect, tended to promote schism, hut if thry wero to introduce a con- grrgnlional avstom, on the plan adopted bv other churches, schism would still prevail, but only m 0 different form. (Hear, hear.) By tins lattor system tlio congregation would b- divided nnd nib-divided without any limitation and tlioy would cinso to bo able to oall tliem- se'ves n branch of tho Church of England. Ho trusted that whatever evils might occur they would bo able to adopt tho principles of tlio parent o-iuroh. They should, however, en- doavour to correct any defects which might show thomso ves in that system, in tho manner winch had been dono in tho parent oounlry, wlioro the ovils referred to had been felt to l ie samo extent as in this colony. Ho meant that they should encourago the building of more placee 0! worship 'in one parish, or the subdivision of parishes. This wea a sub- ,ject which would occupy n good deal of alien- tion. Schism arose' from poreocs wishing to havo their own will, nnd refusing to yiolf to ono another and to submit to that authority to which God in his providonco had subjected tbom: Ho expressed tbo hopo that those who had presented tho addri ss to him would ondeovour to maintain that due sub- mission to authority, without whioh no ohuroh could stand or prosper, nnd that, on tho ot tier hand, they would bear with tlioso who differed from them in opinion. Tho address alluded to clouds whioh wcro rising in tho political horizon, but whatovcr thoso clouds might be, ho. was euro lliey would trust, as ho did, thnt God would overrule all thingB for good. His part had nlwoys been to abstain frompoli.ics, not because ho did not consider them ofimpnrtancr, but beeauso ho felt that if ho interfered ha should bq coming into collision with his people, and thnt any good I10 might do would bo counteracted' by alienation of some of his people. Ho hnd therefore kept aloof front polities, aqd, as I his was the case, ho hoped thero wnB no ono who felt- himself estranged from the church in consequonce of any fcelirg - ho hnd shown on thoso subjoots. Not that ho took no interest in them, but as a Christian clorgyman lib felt he oould entrust thom to tha Lord. Ho thanked them again for tlieir kind address, and ho asked them all for their prayors for himsolf nnd liis wife. In conclusion, I10 neod hardly say that ho loft with tlio iutention of rolurniiig in a year or n year and six months. His lordship resumed his eont amidst loud cheers.. 1 . Tlio Yen. tlio Dean said ho hod to oall upon His Excellency to nddrosB thom, and ho remarked upon llio rather romarknblo circtim. stance that a distinguished lady who occupied a seat near him, ppoko in her netural tongue the languago whioh our Lord UBed in addressing his people. , His ExCEMRNor said ho could assuro them tlmthohad gladly acccplod the invitation whioh had boon given him to join in doing honour to ' their rcspectod diocesan before his embarkation for tho shores of Great Britain, and lio readily .took part in tho programme, and to say a four words on the subject which had been assigned to him.- Although thero was a considerable amount of speaking to be done, lite speakers had bcon bound down to ono subject, and their timo limited to ton minutes, so that it- would all probably bs disposed of. Tho topic allotted .to liim was tho colonial ' church in its filial relations, nnd 'it was ono of tho. widest importance and deepest interest. . As, however, ho was restricted to time, lio should onty.alludo to tho subject in a cursory mar.- ' ner. The. Church of England, llint vsherablo mother, numbered amongst the best, of lier daughters tlio Victorian Cliuroh of England. SI10 had novcr boon a forgetful, or indifferent , mother. In tho earliest lines the church had sought to oxtond itself, and in tliu curliest colonisation charts, -Iho ohuroh wns always.' reoognised. Times had changed, arid opinions' had also changed. Tho fear of -the temporal power of tho church, which seemed to liavo driven tho earlier Protestant ntutesmsn to incorporate tho cliuroh with the Stale, had passed away, and at tho present lime it. was no longer thought neeeesary that the. church-, should bo incorporated with iho State. The the of tlio church to the parent stem still existed, however, and had never been forgotten, by tho church. There wero always ties of this noturo in a Protestant colony, and all who heard him wonld agree with him thnt uniongst the strongest ties which existed thero were none ' stronger than those which- united thom to the Cliuroh of England. Tliesetieshadprovodstroh'g enough when all other ties .had failed, in : making the people .of America look with- feelings of sympathy and regrot to the Church of England in tho northern country. Ho -must say that this was, iu some- degree, due - to tho marvellous power -which tho Church; possosscd of adapting itself to tho wants of; now communities both in America and Australia. In New South Wales "and in this" colony, tho church availed itself of assistance from tho Slate, but in Queensland and a neighbouring colony, the cliuroh was conducted upon the voluntary eyatom. If tho ohuroh in . this colony was not indopendent'of tho parent ' ohurcli, lio could at any rslo sny that she had - rcvivod tlio oxeroise of functions whioh bad become paralysed in the parent state. Ono of the objects of the .Bishop, on his previous visit to England, was to obtain Ilor Mijeaty's asaont to a bill constituting a cliuroh assembly in this colony, end tlio privileges which had boon accorded by tho measure bad been enjoyed for upwards of six years. It was not his place, however, to allude to this subject, because it ' hod already boon spoken ; of,' but lio had simply to sny that the. Assembly was admirably fulfilling its functions. ..Without giving offeneo to either of the otber. roligious bodies, ho would say that it had brought together tlio clergy and' laity of the Ohuroh of England in'.euch a "manner as hod not been dono in any other denomination, and had enabled them bath to work together for tho good of tho ohuroh to which thoy belonged. Tho Bishop was again about to visit England, but with different objects before him. These included, ho believed, ob tuining plana for a oathcdral; tho supplying of additional clergymen ; and tho as-iatunoe.of friende of tho Ohuroh at homo in forming, a permanent endowment cf tlie ' eee' mid. the , clorgy. Tlicy would see, therefore, that in whatovcr relation they Btood to the parent ' church, they always looked to it when they required pecuniary assistance." (Laughter.) With roleronco to; his lordship's departure, ho could only say that ho wished : him "God ' speed," and no ono would . join more heaHily than himself in tho prayers for -the ; welfare of tlio Bishop anil Mrs. Perry, nnd that God would bring tliem back at tho. allotted period to resume that position in tho colony which they had so eminently adorned .during- (he Inst -fifteon ycni-s. . ' , . . Sir James Pahi ib, (ho Rov. H. H.P. Hand- - fieid, Mr. J. W. Stephen, and' tho Rpv. Dr. UHOinjy, having addressed the Assembly, the Doxology wes sunv, and tho proceedings were brought to a close by the Bishop's boncdiotion The Bendioo Munioip aii ; Erection. We undoratund that tho committees represent ing tho rival parties at the late elect ion met yesterday, with the view c.'f prcs.-cutiug and defending ultorior proceedings ns- regards Dr. Boyd's claim to' tho seat occupied by Mr.-, Gnrsed, and in all probability tlio dispute, " which is a pretty 0110 as it stands," will, bo oarried into the Supremo Court.' Tho sup porters of Dr. Boyd aro itidefutigably hunting up evidonco to provo personation nnd double ' voting. Jt is said that no loss than forty coses of this description can bo. brought, to light, tho majority of them occ'urring nt Goldm oquare.- —JJenai/io Advertiser, 15ih January. vai-is u'uvu word itxploration.— The sreond parly formed for tho purpose of ex ploring tho Capo Otwny District, started early ycatordny morning, under the. leadership of" Mr. J. M. Allan. .Thy aro flvo men, cxclu aivc of the leader, and including two oxpei'i- ' enccd miners, who havo baon used to wet sinking und "Slabbing. Tlio parly have beou provisioned for nbout threo months, but if necessary, and tho funds at tho disposal of tho Coinmittco will allow, it is contom. plated to dispatch further supplies. Tho following aro tho names of tho party :— J. M. Allan (lcadoi) and eon (F, Allan) Thomas Highnm, J. Everard, W. Willow G Lowrie, and 3. Taylor. Although tho dray with tlie loading, and tlio men composing the party, started at daylight, Mr. Allan did not lenvo tlio town till the afternoon, intending to overtake tho party on horaebnok. Previous to starting, the managing committee and a fow frionds met Mr. Allan nt tho Commercial hotel, whoro bis health and tho success of tho inlon wnB with much cordiality. Mr. Allan responded in bis uaual energetic atylo. and ho was bado farewell in n hnartw manner by all who wore present.— Warmam- Boot Examiner, Jan. 13. AHEiiisnop op St. David's. — Tho Bishop ot Sr. David s, addressing a meeting held at Carmarthen a few rays ngo, for tho purpose or - taking steps to join tho movement for tho relief ot tlio distreFB in Lancnsliiro, warmly recognized tho licroio and patient bearing of t io_ suffering operatives, and obsorved that I. heir conduct did honouv to thoinselrea and their country, and had oxuitcd much interest on tha continent. 