WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1863. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. STBAOHAN moved the second reading of the Melbourno and Hobsou's Bay Railway Company's Act Amendment Bil!, the object of which, he said, was to substitute for the word "Crown," in the 38th section of tho company's act, the words ''Governor in Council." He described the history of the measure, aud urged that its passing was a necessity. Mr. JENNER seconded the motion. He ob- jected to the company's monopolizing the whole of the land between the city and the bay. Mr. A'BEOKBTT said the bill was an attempt to impose on the HohsoiTs Bay Railway Com- pany a liability which was not contemplated when the bill was framed, and which, if thrown upon tho company, might be so worked as to ruin any company, however wealthy. Ho contended that the liability imposed by the 38th clause was, not to construct bridgea for tiafflc, but to con- nect severed lands. The bridge asked for by the municipality of Emerald-hill a line with Clarendon-street could not be required for years to come. A bridge forty feet wide was eaij, to be necessary -hut the 38th clause only contemplated bridges of seventeen feet wide. If the municipality had been reasonable, there would have been no conflict between them. Mr. IlEitVEY supported the motion, hecauso there should bo some authority to compel the company to fulfil its obligations. Mr. FAWKNER moved tho adjournment of the debate, which was agreed to. Mr. MITCHELL moved the first reading of the bill to abolish the Chinese passenger tax, which was agreed to. The Council then adjourned till this day. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. O'SHANASSY presented the report of tho Pleuro pneumonia Commissioners. Mr. Dum- laid on the tablo a report on the pastoral arbitrations, the last of which had only been received that morning by the de- partment. In answer to Mr. Sullivan, Mr. IRELAND said he was unable to give any further explanation of the intentions of the Government with reference to the Newspapers Bill than the hon. member could gather from the notice-paper. Mr. BKOOKE gave notice of a motion for ali papers and regulations in connexion with pensions to responsible Ministers. Mr. HOUSTON brought up a second progress report from the Railway Committee. It stated that the committee had taken further evi- dence, and considered the documentary evi- dence submitted to them. They reported that this additional evidence had confirmed the committee in their previous report. The House then went into Committee of Supply. Mr. HAINES proposed a reduced vote of £6,416 for tho Victoria, and stated the cir- cumstances under which it was proposed to reduce the vessel to something like a lieu- tenant's cornmaud. Mr. B. G. DAVIES asked why a house was al lowed for Com mander Norman Î Mr. HAINES said that allowance had always been made. Mr. M'CULLOOH said it was understood some years ago that these allowances wero' to be done away with. "Were these houses the pro- perty of the Government ? Mr. HAWES said he had seen no reason to depart in this matter from the course taken by his predecessors. Mr. WOODS said the Victoria would not stand tho ghost of a shot. Her cost was £18,000 a year, which was money thrown away. The money would be better spent in building an efficient vessel. Mr. ORKNEY would prefer to see the Victoria sold. Mr. VERDON remarked that not only the first, but tho second estimate had been re- duced ; and be questioned tho expediency^ reducing the vessel at all. The House, how- ever, was not in possession of the information that should be before it. There was, for ex- ample, £60,030 on the Estimates for an iron plated steamer, and ho had fully anticipated that tho Treasurer would have gone into tho whole subject at once. It was obvious that the vote for the "Victoria would be affected by that for tho other defences, and he recom- mended that the general question should bo discussed. Mr. HAINES said he was receiving informa- tion by every mail as to the character and cost of iron-plated vessels. Two plans of defence were£under discussion. Tho one was known as Captain Sçratchlcy's modified plan, and the other the floating defeuces recommended by a committee. He had takon steps to place the best information before the House." Tho Victoria would be retained, if a plated vessel were obtained, for the services which she would be capable of rendering in a civil capacity. Ho should prefer that, for tho present j ear, the Victoria should be retained as sho was., Mr. VERDON said tho arguments of the Treasurer showed that tho Victoria should either be retained on her present footing or tho vote postponed till tho general ques- tion of defence was discussed. Mr. HAINES said he'd id not support the re- duced vote. He submitted it merely in obe- dience to the House. Ho wished that the crew should not bo scattered. Mr. J. T. SMITH did not think the vote for the Victoria should be mixed up with that for an iron-plated vessel, Tho Victoria had been of great use, and ho dcBircd.to see her re- tained in all her efficiency. Mr. BnODiunn held it to be undesirable to reduce tho Victoria at present. It was pro- bable the whole of the naval and military forces in/tho colonies would Bhortly bo re- moved to New Zealand. Tho Victoria would then bo tho only defenco of the valuable propei ties lying afloat in the bay, and the means of preserving order amongst tho shipping. He would submit a motion in favour of the estimate of last year being voted. Mr. WOODS admitted the valuable services of tho officers of the Victoria, and would ho happy to vote a substantial token of his senso of those services. But tho real question was, the value of the Victoria as_ ship of war. Four plated gun-boats, each carrying a hun- dred-pound gun, could bo built in the- colony tbe plates and armour to bo btought from I England) for £00,000. Some defence«f the bay was absolutely necessary ; but tho longer the Victoria wai retained the less inclined they would be to build a better class of ves- sels. Mr. SNODGRASS defended the efficiency of the Victoria. Mr. HAINES stated that the whole saving that would bo effected by tho acceptance of the reduced estimate would be £832. Ho felt bound to take the best possible opinion from experienced persons in England rather than that of any private member, however much attention he might have given to the sub- ject. Mr. FRANCIS said they were legislating in a fog. The Ministry were asked for a reduced estimate, but this estimate was in itself open lo question. The reduction was principally in the number of seamen, trimmers, and boys. He was not disposed to repudiate the obliga- tions undertaken by a previous Government, but he could not think that twenty-two officers were necessary to fifty-three men. Such a vessel was not found necessary ju Sydney, or at the Capo of Good Hope. An application for ablock-ship might bo renewed to the home Government, and Capt. Norman might be made a police magistrate. - i Mr. O'SHANASSY could not remember a ses- sion in which this vote had not been opposed, but the House had never had the resolution to face the question boldly. It was imprac- ticable to find a good market for such a ship as a war ship, and very little would be got for hor as a merchant ship. It would be most un. wiso to part with her, especially as the shore defences had not been proceeded with. He be- lieved that if the account were cast up fairly, the Victoria would be found a saving to the country. He was in favour of the estimato being restored to whit it stood at last year, lie could not appiove the suggestion made by the hon. member for Richmond as to the treat- ment of Captain Norman, Ile knew that n.M.S. Harrier would have been sent to Hob son's Bay ; but, war having broken out in New Zealand, she would besent there. That fact was an argument in favour of tho enlargement of the vote. He did not think the Government would act wisely in sending home foi a block ship, which was an inferior means of de- fence. After some remarks by Mr. Levey, Mr. MCCULLOCH said the Government were not keeping failli with members behind them if they supported the amendment now. There was no reason why the resolution adopted some time ago should be departed from. The vote should bo postponed until the general question of defence was discussed. Mr. LEVI supported the amendment. His express object in moving the re- committal of the vote on a- former occasion was that the sum should be increased. After some further discussion, the amend- ment was carried hy twenty-three to six- teen. Mr. HAINES then submitted the vote for educational purposes ; £'2-3,000 had already been voted, leaving £75,030 of the original estimate to be voted. Ho was inclined to thi_k, however, that the amount should be increased. Ho thought the lion, member for East Bourke Boroughs would take the oppor- tunity to move an increase of £25,000. Mr. HEALES proposed to mise the whole question at once-the mode of expenditure as wtll as the amount. The amendment ho intended to submit was to the effect that the system of payment by resulta should not bo adopted ; that£3,000 should be expended in the salaries of teachers of musio and drawing ; that the " contingencies " should be increased ; and that £110,700 should be expended in the payment of grauts-in-aid according to classi- fication, subject to the provisions of the 16th Bection' of the Common Schools Act. If Ihe sj'stem of payment by results was adopted, the objects of anothor bill, and not the Common Schools Act, would he carried out. Ho had never contended that the operation of the Common Schools -Bill would be economical in its first operation. Its object was to provide more education, of a better class, at' less cost than the previously existing system gave. He felt alarm at the action of the Board of Education. That board had now Bat for nine months, and had not yet published tho rules they pioposed to issue -unless their regulations were those that had obtained circulation, and were based on pay- ment by results. The safety of the country required that the class of education to be given to the children of the colony should hu high. That was the motive that had prompted Parliament to great liberality in encouraging education, and it -would not bo satisüed with a system which was content with teaching children to road and write aud cypher after a manner. On the 31st December List there were 210,003 children in the colony under fifteen years of age. ' There were 70,000 of that number between threo and seven years of ago. Theso ages proved that the payment by results system would bo most prejudicial to the teacher. For a school of thirty the salary of the teacher would only amount to £90, while it miirbt be materially affected for tho worse by the report of un inspector. He admitted that payment hy results would not operate go injuriously in largo schools, of 200 or more pupils, but such schools were not likely to exist in any number in this colony for some yeats to come. Tho highest autho- rities were of opinion that the best íesults of the system of education existing in Englund could not be measured at all by results, and they were thus ignored by the hoard of Edu- cation. Mr. O'SHANASSY said it was almost useless to reply to tho bon. member, seeing that members had not remained in the House to hear the argument. He had commented upon rules which had not been issued by the board created under the hon. member's own bill-a proceeding which could only take place in this colony. If the members of the board were misrepresenting their constituents, why not call upon them to resign. He could understand 6uçh a courge, but the bon. member had not taken it. He proposed, instead, to make Parlia- ment tho administrator of its own act. Tho last communication he had received from the Board of Education was dated that morning, and it stated that the code of regu- lations would be ready at latest on the 9th instant. Tho hon. member should havo waited for its production. His belief was that the Common Schools Bill would fail, becauso of the limitation as to tho number of pupils and distance of schools from each other. Of the 603 existing schools, 172 were likely*io lose assistance under the 20th clause of tho act. A system of payment by results, ho might say, could not be carried .out legally. The term was unknown to the law. Ho had no intention of entering on tho general ques- tion that evening. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM thought the bon. member for East Bourke Boroughs wa3 not open to the censures passed upon him by the bon, member for Kilmore. The Boaid of Educa- tion would not be justified in considering the.motion as a harsh or unjustifiable-cen- sure upoD, or interference with, them. Tho Common Schools Act specially provided that the House should indicate how the vote should be applied. If the rule» about to bo adopted did not embrace payment by re-i suits, the resolution would be a very harmless' one. Mr. J. T. SMITH thoughtttTTTr^T should have postponed the voto till tia " gulations adopted hy the board Wcia Lew the House. ore After some remarks from Mr. HAINM ""j Mr. M'CANN, 3 aad Mr. BKODIUBD moved that progress be ported, which was agreed to. The Housa went into committee on id. Licensed Publicans' Bill. Oa the 1st cUua. Mr. OIIKNEV moved that the Chnirmnn >" "' tim chair. He derirad to sbipSffii?" this important question at"CS5 tho session. >- » i't-i ioa of ÄathÄent was negatlved *1T** MrV Í- T: .SilITn moved ll"»t proRress h» S&*h WM »SrecdtobyVe^ ^sss^S^st^wa3roätponcd' - _ There eau be no question that if tim Victoria is not a vessel of war, she ]la3 been the subject of greater hostilities than any slap of her size in the Ci,tire navy of tho empire. The battles that Lave been fought over this one repre- sentative of tho Victorian navy, have been nearly as frequent and as obstinate as those which Lord CLARENCE PAGET has night after night to sustain on behalf of the whole British fleet. And it is no small evidence in favour of our little colonial craft, that she generally emerys safo out of the shower of shot and '. shell which is rained around her I From Mr. M'CULLOCH, who assails ber I on economical grounds, to Mr. WOODS § who is bitter against her became' Í sho is not a match for the Jhgati/r or ff the Djambi, members on all sides of the *'<? House seem to take a delight in girdin» t at our colonial sloop-of-wir, Victoria -. And it must bo admitted that even froni Í her friends she receives somewhat hard £ measure. The Treasurer has no opinion 'S of her as a fighting ship, while the Chief ^ Secretary would retain her as the nucleus H o^our future Victorian navy, ii There is no doubt a great deal to be | said on both sides, as on all such, ques- S lions ; but the common sense of the Û country will hardly approve of the motion S to abolish the Victoria altogether, be- 1 cause she is not a sufficient vessel of 1 defence. The yearly expendituie on [j such an item is, no doubt, veiy large ; ' but it is a sort of expendituie which ' should not be too rigidly criticised on I economical grounds. The annual votes ;! for the British navy are invariably the '" subjects of a keen and closely-contested i debate in tho House of Commons ; and } so far as wo can remember, the ami- i inents adduced by Mr. Comm and his friends in favour of a reduction are pre- j cisely the same, and perhaps quite as ap- | propriate, as those which aie now brought ;i forward against the retention of tho ] Victoria. It is not easy to defend such 'I votes to tho strict satisfaction of j the economical reformers. All navies J are, doubtless, extravagances ; and I every ship of war in itself lepiesents a J great waste of public money. There is J not a vessel in the British fleet which | would be able to give a satisfactory | account of herself in a commercial point j of view, or which could show a balance j of profit to the state. Yet the nation j insists upon a navy, and a navy we must ¡j bave, so long as we have a commerce, | and so long as we have neighbours. I The argument in favour of the ric- | toria is precisely that which, year after I year, the Parliamentary i epicsciita rives ^ of the Admiralty are obliged to use in defence of their naval votes. It. may be granted that the Victoria does not fulfil all the purposes of a vessel ' of war, and even that slio performs her ' civil duties at a dearer rate than they ; could be contracted for in the open market. She never was, and cannot pretend to be, a sufficient defence to this \ port and shipping. She is cleaily no ! match for any of the foreign cruisers ; whick visit our seas. She is not power-'; ful enough, perhaps, to piotect the? Ileads from the visit of oven an ordinary;! hostile privateer, such as would be sent j hither in the event of a war. Yet weean-; not allow that these are sufficient reasons J for doing away with the Victoria alto- gether, at tho present time. Small and { feeble though she be, she is, as lias been ; contended by the Treasuier, a great deal j better than nothing. She represents to \ us, for the .present, that efficient natal protection which is some day to lo enjoyed ; and the very idea of such de- fence is useful in more ways than one. Although she cannot serve as a vessel of war, in a direct sense, she is ablo to con- tribute most valuable assistance to any scheme of naval defence. She is as much a vessel of war as perhaps half of tbo ships in the Imperial navy, all of whom are notre quired to be armed with steel plates, to have one hundred-pounder guns, and to take their places in line of battle. For such, war as we are likely to have on these coasts, it is certain that the Vic- toria can bo very useful, and during lier service in New Zealand, she proved that, small as silo is, she could be of great use. As a Government vessel, for performing the humbler duties of tho coast-guard for carrying relief and provision? to light- houses, for succouring vessels in distres--, for local explorations, and for fifty other minor employments, the 17c(o.'i« _» very well fitted by her size and equip- ment ; and it is at least doubtful whe- ther, even for these duties, it would not be cheaper to retain her than to liiic pri- vate vessels to do the work. Even in the event of our being furnished with » floating iron-battery of the newest con- struction, tho Victoria would be almost indispensable as an auxiliary to the more formidable vessel. The battery cou M no more do her work than she coulcl do tho battery's. The battery' would perhaps never be able to go out- side of Port PMlip Heads on any emer- gency. In any case, she would lia« » be manned by an experienced and disci- plined crew; and as the crew was ne main item of expense, if ive retain tua we may keep the vessel also. That chpese-paring policy which« OUB cut ' down both crew and vessel alto- gether, because no clear profit can « shown out of them in our animal ledger, will, .wo venture to say, command ft« little sympathy from the Victorian public. Tho petty criticisms ot w FEANCIS rest on precisely the sam grounds as those which arc, year SUK year, brought ' forward in the UT'° House of Commons by tho member w Lambeth, and by the other disciple» the school of Hirau. The I*"" has been cut down already to the loue* point compatible with the interests of the public service ; and there can be no economy moro false than that which aims at reducing tho salaries of that handful of officers which compose our Victorian navy. An objection is made that the number of officers is disproportionately in excess of that of the men ; but there ia a palpable reason why this should be so. Tho object of tho reduction was, we presume, to keep up at least the skeleton of a ship's company, -while cutting off all ex- penses not absolutely necessary. But it is easier to get men when we require them than to get officers. We may im- provise a crow of seamen, but wo cannot improvise a captain and lieutenants. The principle to which Mr. FRANCIS ob- jects is precisely that which obtains in the Imperial navy, where the comple- ment of officers in tho iTavy List is always greatly in excess of the propor- tion actually' required to command the sliips' companies in commission. Tho gentlemen who fill the superior ranks of our little navy have proved themselves highly efficient in the discharge of their duties ; and as we shall never know when we may want their services, it would be the height of injustice to them, and manifestly detrimental to the public interests, to deprive ourselves of all the advantages of that compact and har- monious organization, which is one of the main fruits of tho expenditure of past years. It is evident that in these colonies the friends of true democracy will corre- spond to the " Conservatives" of the old country. The tendency of universal suffrage, without check or balance, being to deprive intelligence and property of their due weight in affairs of state, and to set up the mero numerical ma jority as tho sole power having the right to be heard, those who understand what democracy truly is, or ought to be, will raise their voice and proclaim, " This is not it." Democracy means a people governing themselves ; if the mere majority governs, one half is ruled by the other. "A Government '. is a democracy," says BLACKSTONE, " when the sovereign power is lodged in " an aggregate assembly consisting of " all the lree members of the community," or, of course, of the representatives of a'I the freo members of the community. If, at best, a little moro than one-half only of the members of the community have any voice in the election of repre- sentatives ; or if, as Mr. HARE shows to be pobbible under the present system of election, six persona out of fifty may select one of ten candidates offered to the selection of the whole, " and the " forty-four have no voice," the " aggre " gate assembly," in which the sovereign power is lodged, does not consist of all the free members of the community, or of their representatives, and, therefore, is not a democracy. Tho fact is daily becoming more apparent, that the exist- ing system of election is a very inade- quate means of arriving at the state of public opinion, or of attaining what Gvizo's says is the aim of representative government, " to bring together, and face " to face, the great interests, the diverse " opinions, which divide society and " dispute its empire, in the just confi " dence that from their debates will " come tho knowledge and adoption of " laws and measures which best suit the " country in general." And, again, he writes-" The aim of the representative " system, in its general elements, as in " all the details of its organization, is " that of collecting, of concentrating, all " the reason whioh exists scattered in " society, and of applying it to its go " vermnent." This aim, he adds, ia attained only by the triumph of tho true majority,"the minority invariably pre " sent and always heard." This aim is certainly not reached by the system now prevailing. Mr.. HAKE likens political parties to enemies in a hostile camp, and imagines the division of the electors generally into two classes-one satisfied with the condition of tilings, apprehensive of change, " and " ready to oppose all experiments, tho " utility of which is not manifest ;" the other uneasy in their position, imagining thatsocial alterations miglitbe made which would ameliorate their condition, "and " who arc not deterred by the appreheti " sion of consequences which they do " not see or admit." He supposes a contest between those classes, not of arms, but of the peaceable forces which are brought to bear in the opera- tion of representative institutions, and that if the proportion in which these classes is found in every locality is as two to three, then the majority of every constituency would, of course, elect a re- presentative of the more numerous class. If five constituencies be taken as the entire number, there would bo in the representative assembly five members for the party of. progress, and none for the pai ty of preservation. Now, in justice, tho majority and minority ought to stand in the constituted assembly in the samo proportion as in their consti- tuents j that is, three against two. "It " is clear, as a matter of strategy, that, " by the defeat in every constituency " of the detached minorities, the less "numerous class have no means "of meeting their adversaries in the " representative council, but are < pre " viously cut off in detail." Mr. HARE illustrates his position by a referenco to the general election in Great Britain of 1852\. The aggregate number of votes polled by the majorities where the seats were contested was 291,218 ; tho mino- rities polled 199,994. These numbers, be says, may, with sufficient accuracy, be treated as represented 'by three and two ; and if the same calculations wore extended to the whole of the constituen- cies, and " taken as expressing the silent " and suppressed differences of opinion " where no contest was attempted," it would appear that 000,000 electors in Great Britain aro not represented, unless, by a sort of fiction of law, their opinions are supposed to bo ex- pressed by other means. To what a multitude of subjects of public interest, . exclaims the writer Ave are considering, havo the thoughts and studies of large numbers of that hiilf-million of voters . incapable of securing a representation by any act of their own-been directed Í And yet, says tho Edinburgh Review, " the House of Commons has been " truly described as a placo where minori " ties, heresies, oppositions, remonstrances, " and protests of all sorts are to be re " presented, and entitled to a hearing ; " and it is intended to comprehend, and " not to exclude them." The answer given to the objector to this state of tilings will be, that if Liberalism be triumphant in one constituency, Con- servatism is triumphant in another. But, says Mr. HARE, " the argument is as un-1 " tenable as the principle is dangeroua." It is not the fact, that the opinions sup- pressed by the electoral voice at one place are expressed by that of another. A writer in the Edinburgh Review, quoted by Mr. HARE, says, " The separation of " parties, according to localities, docs not " even approach completeness. Tho " numbers of localities in which any given " opinions prevail, are not proportioned " to the general prevalence of those " opinions. Large political parties are " widely scattered and intermixed " throughout the country." All this, though written of Great Britain, is equally, indeed more, applicable to Vic- toria. For there one or two broad ques- tions-such as the Reform Bill or the repeal of the Corn Laws-aie far moro likely to divide the people thai: here ; and the more this is the case, the less, of course, is the injustice done to the minority. " In the vast field " of modem legislation, in the adaptation " of our ancient institutions to a new " state of things, and in providing for " new emergencies, a multitude of " political and social problems come to " be solved, with which paiLy has 110 " tiling to do, and into which the intro " duction of party elements and con " siderationa ia not only useless, but is " absolutely pernicious." If tbis be true of the old country, it ia, or ought to be, much more true of Victoria ; and the greater is the wrong done to the unheard minority, whose opinions find no ex- pression in our Legislature. There was a strong muster of the Ancient Order of Foresters at tho second anniversary dinner of, Court Hotham, which took placa yesterday evening, 'at the Court-house Hotel, in Queensberry-street. The long room of tho hotel was decorated with fistoons of ever- greens nnd wreaths of flowers. The largo and handsome banner of the court was also conspicuously displayed, and, taken in com- bination with the various insignia of the order in which the brotherhood were arrayed, produced a very pretty effect. Nearly 100 immediate supporte« and admirers of" wood- craft" sat down to dinner, which was furnished forth in Host Brother Stirling's best stjlc. After the conclusion of the more substantial portion of the entertainment, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were duly proposed by Chief Banger Brother R. Barton, who occupied Ihe chair, assisted by Sub Chief Hanger Brother W. Poole in the vice-chair. A special round of cheers was accorded to the na mo of the Princi'Bs Alexandra. Past Chief Itauger Brother E. Alcock, in proposing tho toast of " Success to Coutt _otbam," reviewed the past history of the court, and ex- plained the causes which had operated against its well-being in its early days ; those detrimental obstructions had now been hap- pily romoved. and though the cmut was only in the third year of its existence, and although two years ago it could only show a list of twenty-two members, jet now it was so far flourishing that they had at, present upwards of 120 members. Not a singlo do ath had occurred amongst the members since tho court had been formed, and only one death of a member's wife had been recorded. In the matter of sickness Couit Hotham would com- pare favourably with any c :urt in the united Melbourne district, and this, in a great mea- sure, was owing to the vigilance of the medical officer. This toast, and those of the Executive Couucil and High Court of Foresters in England, the United Melbourne District of the A. 0. F., and the Town Council of Hotham, woro greeted with hearty and effective rounds of the " Foresters' fire.'» Between tho different toastB songs were sung by several of the brotherhood. We havo received our files of Sydney papers to May 30. At the usual half yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Hobson's Bay Eailway Company, held yesterday, a dividend at the rate of ten por cent, per annum was de- clared. This dividend will leave a balance of £1,300 to bo carried to tho reserve fund, raising it to upwards of £29,000. The statement of the affairs of the company which was sub nutted seemed to be considered satisfactory, as a vote of ihanks to the dircctois was parsed unanimously. The directors wero íequestcd to consider the propriety of taking stops to prevent thefutther transfer of shares to tho London register, as a majority of the shares are already held out of the colony, and it is feared that the local influence of tho company may be endangcrel should further large transfers be mado. If considered neces- sary, a special meeting will be called to take action in the matter. Tho chairman of tho company, Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, intimated that a schemo would shortly be placed before the commercial public for the construction of a graving dock adjacent to tho company's pier, upon a principle by which ships equal in size to tho Great Britain steamer can be raised andloweicd within forty minutes. The ordinary monthly meotiug of the St. Patrick's Society waB held last evening in the hall, wheuseveral newmembers were proposed, and the usual routine business was trans- acted. The report prepared by Mr. Duffy on the operation of the Land Act of 1862-as regards the arbitrations on the assessment of pas- toral runs-was laid before both IIouBes of Parliament last night. ' The following second progress repoit from tho Rail way Committee (Mr. Oarruthers's case) was laid before the Legislative Assembly last night by tho chairman (Mr. Houston), and read by the ilerk:-"Ypur committee have taken into their consideration the documents referred to them by your honourable House sinco the date of their last report, and are of opinion that their previous report has been fully borne out and further oonfirmed by tho additional evidence since taken." An effort was made last night in the Assembly to throw out tho Licensed Pub- licans Bill for the session. The Housohaving pone into committee at a late hour, Mr. Orkney, on the first clauso being read, moved that the chairman leave the chair, stating that his object was to provont so important a measure boing carried farther at that late period of tho Eession. The motion was nega- tived on a division, but progress was imme- diately afteiwards reported ^¡;ihout "pro gress" having been made. The feeling of tho House seemed to bo that no impoitant measure, excepting the Municipal Institutions Bill, and the Land Act Amendment Bill, should bo proceeded with further this ses- sion. Considerable interest seemed to be taken by the public in the proceedings of the Legis- lative Assembly last night. The galleries were well filled by strangers up to a late hour. The hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs, however, had the ill- fortune almost to clear the benches during the vote for educational purposes. Mr. Heales spoke for more than an hour and a half. Long before he came to the end of his speech there were but nine members left on the Ministerial side and twelve behind the hon. member. Of those on the Ministerial side, Mr. Ireland and Dr. Evans were in close conversation on a back bench, Mr. A. J. Smith and Mr. Morton fol- lowed suit; the Treasurer and Mr. Tucker wera fast asleep: Mr. Higinbotham pored over a Parliamentary paper; Mr. Brodribb sat attentive in the seat of a Minister ; and Mr. O'Shanassy employed an occasional mo- ment in taking a note of an argument to be used in reply. Nor were the followers of the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs much more attentive. Conversation, and lounging in easy attitudes, were the rule on all the benches. Tho Melbouroo hounds will meet at Oak- leigh Steeple on Saturday morning next, at nine o'clock sharp. The Ea6t Collingwood Municipal Council assembled last evening at the Court- house, the chairman, Mr. Greenwood, and Coun- cillors Noone, Petherick, Adcock, Turnbull, Page, and Flockhart being present. The pro- ceedings were commenced by Ihe clerk read- ing the correspondencs received since last meeting, the bulk of which was composed of the usual complaints of the state of some of the footways, streets, &c;, and alt>o of the ex- istence of various nuisances. A letter was aloo read, in which the writer, Mr. C. Bailey, prayed the council to award him the sum of £25, as compensation for loss he had sustained in consequence of his horse ruming foul of a triumphal arch erected by the'councll in Victoria-sticet, and by which he btuted the way was dangerously obstmcted. A letter received fiom Mr. B. P Gibson, O.E., consulting engineer to the council, in which that gentleman begged to resign his office, was also read, and the resig- nation accepted. In consequence of the time which has elapsed since the last meeting of the council, two reports of the Public Works Committee awaited consideration. In the first of these, dated 7th May, pajments were recommended to the amount of ¿30 2f. ; in the second, of 28th May, to tho amount of £170 oí. Ou the motion, that these reports be adopted, a considerable dis- cussion ensued, Councillor Noone opposing them on the ground that some of the works described were unauthorized by the council, and had also been executed upon ptivatu pro. perty. Ultimately, their adoption was agreed to. The report of the Finance Committee was then brought before the meeting, in which, after a statement of the financial embarrass- ments of the municipality, it was recom- mended that all officers and day labourers in the employ of tho council should be discharged, and concluding with recom- mending payments to the amount of £257 9s. 2d. This report was adopted as a whole, and it was decided that such labourers as should be required should be re-engaged by the Public Works Committee. The chait man then moved that the council should place £20 at the disposal of the committee of arrangement for the late rejoicing?, to euable them to meet some few accounts yet outstanding. Ultimately it was thought ad- visable! to wait for a deiinlto statement of the affairs of the committee before proceed- ing further. A ballot was then held for a membjr of the council to tako the placo vacated on tho Finance Committee by the retirement of Councillor Houghton, tho choice of the council falling upon the newly elected councillor, Mr. Adcock. The following return, showing the amounts awarded for the discovery of new gold-fields in tho year 1862, hr>s just been issued :-" For tho discovery of Donnelly's Creek, John Don- nelly, Do Crockett, and another, £660 ; for the discovery of Walsh'B Creek, John M. Con- nell, John Walsh, and J. R. Mearoy, £200 ; for the discovery of Donovan's Creek, Cor- nelius Donovan, £200 ; total, £1,050. A noto states that the sum voted for rewards for the discovery of now gold-fields, in 1802, was £0,003; of this £1,053 wrs awarded as above, and £7C0 was transferí ed by an Order in Council to item ' expenses of new gold-fields &c.;,' but £271 only wes expanded, and, con- sequently, £4,079 remains unexpended." At tho Essendon Police Court yesterday, John Watkins was chaiged with being diunk while in charge of a horse and dray on tho 22nd ult. ; fined 5s., or twenty-four hours' im prison mcnl. John Perkins and Timothy Ryan were fined 5s. each, for removing loam from off Crown lands. Francis Riley was charged by Moses Lear with allowing a savage dog to wander at largo, and bite complainant, case dismissed. Richard Butler was charged with assault, and using obscene language, on the 26th ult, in a public place, and within hearing of females and children ; fined 23s., and 20s. costs. At the Williamstown Water-Police Court, yesterday, before Mr. Call, P.M., Mr. Fr.-yer, J.P., and Colonol Rc:s, J.P., two fisher- men, named James Folks and Richard Scott, appeared to answer complaint of Mr. James Macfarlane, inspsctor of fisheries, for a breach of the 3rd clause of the Fisheries Act, 1802, for using an illegal net in the River Werribee. Mr. Pentland appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Gillow foi the defendants. Tho Bench held the case fully proved, and fined tho defendants £5 each, and ordered the illegal portions of the net to be destroyed, or, in default of payment, one month's imprison- ment each. The Intercolonial Boating Match Com- mittee held a meeting yesterday to wind up their laboure. It was simply agreed to call a general meeting of boating men on Tuesday next, to accept the resignation of the present committee, and appoint another for next year. Wo understand that the Melbourne men have about £13 in hand, and aro waiting for tho Sydney men to fix upon a die for the medals to bo iccuivcd by the conquerors. The arrangement was for each colony to pay half tho cost of the dies, and the losers to pay for tho medals, and, BO far as the Victorians are concerned, the whole affair might have been settled as soon as tho race was over, but they have not yet been able to get a decision upon the description of medal from their late competitors. Several robberies have been reported to tho police during the last few days. Information was given on Monday, from tho Model Farm, of a theft peipetrated there on the preceding night, when two hives of bees wore stolen. Tho offence nppears to have been committed in a most deliberato manner, as the be« wero destroyed by tho fumes of burning sulphur, and were found lying dead on the ground lu tho morning. A caso of burglarious robbory is also leported as commltled at Jolimont on the night of Monday last, when the residence of It. 0. Brooke, ensign of tho 40th Regiment, was entered by the kitchen wiodow, and Beveral articles of clothing and a quantity of cooked provisions were in tho morning found to bo missing. The stolen goods were variously taken from tho hall, the yard, and one of the rooms, and it was obsened that attempts had been made, apparently with an axe,' to force the doors of several of tho rooms, but without success. The building waa also in consider- able danger of being burned, in consequenoe of the wanton carelessness shown by the burglars in the use of a candle, which it appeared had been placed against a wooden partition, a portion of which had been burnt, J fortunately, without causing further damage. A special meeting of tho Port Philip Far- mers' Society will be held, at the office, 48 Bourke-street, this afternoon, to arrange tho business of the annual meeting, and to re- ceive notices of motion. There will be a moonlight parade of tho Carlton Rifles this evening, at half- past seven. In answer to Mr. Sullivan ycßterday, Mr. Ireland said he was unable to give any fur- ther explanation of the intentions of the Go- | vernment with reference to tho Newspaper Bill than the hon. member could gather from the notice-paper. The treasurer of the City Mission begs to acknowledge the following sums towards the Bible-woman for the month of May :-E. and K., £1; by Mrs. Ellerman, Wimmera, £3; Two Friends, 10s. A return was laid before Parliament yester- J day of the number of persons nominated for passages from the United Kingdom by per- sons resident in the colony, from the 1st of | July, 1802, to tbe 25th ult. It showed that the " to'al souls sent for" amounted to 7,721. Of these persons, 2,417 were from England and Wales, 899 from Scotland, and 4,405 from Ire- land. On the 25th ult., 2,013^ " passages" should have been available for persons from England and Wales, and GIO! for natives of I Scotland ; but, as the number foi natives of | Ireland had been overdrawn by 2,154, tho general total remaining for application was | 470. Yesterday, in the District Court, Douglas Bell sued Robert Kennedy Hammond for the sum of £18, said to be due as wages, at the rate of 15s. a day. Plaintiff stated that he was engaged by Mr. Hammond at this rate of wages, to take a flock of sheep, about 1,200 in number, from Melbourne to the station of Mr. G. Harker, on the Upper Yarra. In answer to Mr. Hammond, he said the distance was about forty miles ; and although he had said he ex- pected to complete the journey in about ten or twelve days, he had not then taken into consideration the delay caused by the ewes of the flock, which had been lambing on the rond, sometimes to the number of 150 in the twenty-four hours. On behalf of the defence, it was stated that the time taken by the plaintiff on the journey was most extrava- gantly long-that he had lost a large number of the sheep, and that the flock had received injury from the manner of driving. Mr. Hackett said he had no evidence before him upon which he could determine the case, and recommended the plaintiff to bring his action before the County Court. The adjourned complaint of Perkins v. Bourke, reported yes- terday, was dismissed; as the evidence called for the defence totally negatived the state- ment made by the complainant.' We have received £1 from "Annie" (who dates from Hawthorn), and 10s. from Mrs. M'Donald, Knockaido, for the poor old woman whose case was mentioned in The Argus of the 28th ultimo. There were one or two cases disposed of at the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, but none of them was of any consequence. The report of the Plcuro-Pneumonia Com- missioners was laid on the table' of the Legis- lative Assembly last night by Mr. O'shanassy. Tho Legislative Assembly lost night, by a majority of 23 to lo, agreed to retain H.M.O.S. Victoria on a war footing for the'present year. It was agreed, at the same time, that the sub- ject of tho retention of that ship should bo discussed when the geneial question of the defences of the colony carno on. The action of Munro v. Solomon, by the owner of the ship Vortigern, against the .lessee of tho Government patent slipv terminated yesterday-tho fourth day of the trial-in a verdict for tho plaintiff ; damages, £4,800. Yesterday, at the East Collingwood Police Court, Thos Watkins, alias Smith, and Ellen Miles, aliis Watkins, were brought up on re- mand, charged with violently assaulting Mary Ryding, wifo of William Ryding, and robbing her of a shawl, valued at £1, and 2s. 3Jd. in money. The malicious and unprovoked out- rage was committed in the early part of last week, at the house of tho prisoners, in Isling- ton-street, the prosecutiix having been in- duced to enter it for sholter on her way homo, as it was raining heavily at the time While putting on a pair of dry stock- ings, which had been given her to replace the wet ones, tho female prisoner snatched the 'money out of Mrs. Ryding's hand, and severely bit her hand iu an attempt to take a gold wedding-ring from bor finger. She also knocked her head repeatedly against tho wall, and whÜBt prosecutrix WBB bleeding and almost senseless from the treatment which she ;had received, her shawl was taken from her. On asking the malo! prisoner, who was present oil the time, but in a state of in- toxication, to give her the shawl, he refused, as he said he had paid money for it. Mary Cavanagh, a neighbour, stated that she had heard the sound of heavy blows, and Baw Mrs. Kyding coming out of the house without her shawl. Woolf Brascb, a pawnbroker, said that the malo pri- soner had brought the shawl to him on the 27th ult., and that it was in a wet state at the time. Sergeant Kenna, of the police force, tes- tified to the desperate character of tho female prisoner for the last nine years. The malo prisoner has also been tried nt various courts for tho desertion and ill-treatment of his wife. Both prisoners wero committed for trial, but the malo pi isoner was admitted to bail in his own recognizance of £200, and two sureties of £100 each. A protracted hear- ing was also given to the suit of James Thatchcll v. Robert Bann, for the illegal detention of an iron safe, valued at £10. The safo had been left some four years ago with a publican named Serle, who was to havo the uso of it while it was under his care. Serlo had become insolvent, and the safe had been entered in the inven- tory and sold to Bann. Tho Bench decided in favour of the plaintiff, but only allowed Cs. costs, as he had allowed such a length of timo to elapso without making any inquiries after the safe. Ellen O'Flanagan, landlady of the Glasshouse Ilotel, appeared to answer a charge of absence from her licensed house. The de- fendant, whoso husband was recently accident- ally killed, stated that alto went back and for- ward to tho hotel. The charge was held to bo proved,and the licence ordered to bo cancelled. Gr. Langhorne was summonedby Samuel M'Call for detaining a boee valued at 10s. Defendant was ordered to restore tho hose, and pay ßs. costs; or pay l63., being the value of tho hoso and costs. Frederick Phillips, for being drunk, was fined 6s., or twenty-four houTs' imprison- ment ; and for furious riding was fined 10s., or forty-eight hours* imprisonment. A óharga against Michael Donnigan, of leaving his wife without support, was withdrawn at- the request of the plaintiff, a delicate-looking female. Several small-debt coses wero also dealt with. On the bench were-Mr. W. Tem- pleton, P.M., Dr. Ridloy, and Messrs. J. P. Fawkner, G. Hailcs, and T. Greenwood. Mr. Duffy stated in the Legislative Assembly last night that ho had laid on tho Library tablo a specimen of coal from a seam found by Mr. M'Donald, assistant-surveyor, on the road from Melbourne to Gipps Land. It was the most northern vein of coal yet found in the colony, He had aleo laid on tho table samples of greenstone from the Geelong dis- trict, the supply of which was described as in' exhaustible, It was supctior to marble for decorativo purposes, but was somewhat diffi- cult to work. It resembled the verde antique, BO much valued in England. He had sub- mitted thcso specimens, Mr. Duffy remarked, to show tho manner in which sources of now industries were developing themselves. 