PASSAGE OF THE HAMLET'S GHOST. (From the Moreton Bay Courier, July 2.) THE subjoined report of the passage of the Hamlet's Ghost, schooner, from Bennett's Whaling Station, on the Chesterfield Islands, in latitude 10 degrees 58 minutes S., and longitude 158 degrees 28 minutes E., was furnished to us by her captain and owner, Mr. C. J. Bennett : Wednesday, Juno 17.-At noon she left the station in company with the barque Offley, Robinson, master, of Hobart Town, six weeks out, all well. He desired me to report him, and from him 1 received every kindness that tho caso demanded, ho giving mo charts, clothes, a compass, preserved meats, &c;, I having lost everything in tho schooner except two chronometers and a quad- rant. From Captain AA'ybrow, of tho Bonnie Doon, I received yams and preserved meats, and was also heartily ohcered by both crews, and which was as heartily answered by tho crow of tho Hamlet's GhoBt, Tho assistance rendeted to mo by tho two vessels I nsi truly thankful for, and Bhall often think of it with 1 pleasure. We had steady breezes from E.S.E. and S.E., and Ano weather. Thursday, Juno 18.-Steady breezes from S.E., and fine weather. Steering to tho S. and W. for Wreck Reef, in company with thc barquo Offley, she having kindly offered nor company and asslBtanco as fur as Wreck Reef, which was eagerly aoceptcd, os tho boat wos making a little water. Latitude at noon, 21 degrees 22 minutes S,, longitude, 157 degrees 5 minutes E. Friday, June 13.-At 4 p.m. Wreck Reef boro S.W. true 70 minutes ; steady breeze and Ano woathcr. 9 p.m., light N.E. winds ; midnight, ditto. At 4 o.m., light N.E. and showers ; at G a.m., Wreck Reef; borcW.S.W. 35 minutes; at 8 a.m., light N.N.E. wind ; parted company with Offley. At noon, latitude by observation, 32 degrees 7 minutes S. ; longitude, 150 degrees 5 minutes 15 seconds E. Saturday, Juno 20.-Light winds and variable, principally S.S.W. At six p.m. Bpoko tho brig Victoria, Henncstalk, master, six weeks out; clean : had tea on boord of her, and obtained a few candles and two tins of preserved meat ; ho told nie that tho brig Amherst and barque Carnarvon, and several American vessels, were to the southward ; we parted company from him, and stood to S.W. Winds light, and veering to the S.E. ; mid- night puffy, and heavy rain ; lightning, S.E. ; shortened sail, At four p.m., fresh breezes from S.E., and showers, with heavy sea. At noon-latitude, obs,, 22 degrees 2G minutes. S. ; longi- tude, 155 degress 54 minutes 30 Bcconds E,; squally; S.S.W, winds, and heavy Bea. 6undoy, Juno 21.-Light variable winds. Sohoonor working to the S.S.W. latitude, obs., 22 degrees 40 minutcB, S., longitude, 156 degrees 17 minutes 15 seconds E, Monday, Juno 22.-Fresh breezes S.S.AV,, and fine; noon to 4 p.m., steady and fine; midnight, puffy, and lightning from S.E. and S. ; at i a.m., nasty cross Bea on, tacked to W., windB light and variable ; at 8 ii.ni., barque Eliza, of New Bedford, Devoulc, master, in sight ; exchanged colers; was boarded hy him, and supplied with water, pork, and some oil ; desired mo to report him 32 months out, with 1000 barrels af sperm, and last from t Mongnnui, N, ¡5. At noon, latitude, by observation, 23 degrees 30 minutes S. ; longitude, 150 degrees 30 minutes E. Tuesday, June 23,-Found a strong set to tho N.E., winds light and variable ; latter part fresh breezes S.E. and S.S.E., heavy soo. Schooner standing to the S. and W, ; latter part of tho day puffy and variable, lightning to the S. and 8.E. Latitude, 24 degrees 16 minutes S. ; longitude, 155 degrees 53 minutes 45 Beconds E. Wednesday, June 24.-Puffy and variablo; nasty Bea on; Bchooncr standing to tho S, and W, ; latter part squally and heavy rain. At noon, squalls, very sudden calms, and heavy rain ; no sights ; no meridian altitude Course and distance from yesterday at noon, 116 miles S,, 31 W. Thursday, Juno 25.-Light and variablo, principally N, and N.N.E. At 4 p.m. backed to N.N.E. : heavy rain, everything and everybody wet and miserably cold, and very dirty-looking weather; at 6 p.m. puffy from N.E.,, and clear; midnight, flue breezes, but variablo ; at 4 a.m., strong breeze N.E., and due ; at 5 am,, sighted Moreton Light, bearing W.B.W.; at 8 a.m., Moreton Light bore W. 1 N., 15 miles ; at noon, steady breeze, and fine-latitude, by observation, 27 degrees 26 minutes S, ; Stradbroke, N.E. point ; boro W.S.W. Friday, Juno 26.-Light winds, and fine. At 5 p.m, Point Danger boro W. by N. AN., Mount Warning bore S.S.W. ï W., winds light and variable; at 8 p.m., puffy from S.S.W.,and heavy sea, shortened soil and stood to the S. and E. ; nt i o.m., samo weather, and every appearance of a dirty S.W. wind, rain all night; at 8 a.m., a grey clingy appearance to tho S.S.W., schooner standing in for thc land ; at noon, close in with the land; Mount Warning S S,AV., Point Danger \v. by S, ; boro up for Moreton Light; blowing strong from S.S. AV. Saturday, Juno 27,-Blowing heavy from S.S.AV. ; 0 p.m., moro moderato; at 9 30 p.m., anchored under Moroton light in5 fa- thoms, light bearing cast ; at 1 a.ni,, heavy squalls and rain from S.W., let go tho second anchor; nt 4 a.m., some weather; at 8 o.m., weather equally and showers; at ll a.m., got under way and worked into thc bay, carno to in 8 fathoms close to W. bank red buoy, pilot station-boro E. J mile ; at 7 p.m., moderato and clear, wind AA'.S.AV., Bun set clear, hard-looking horizon. Note.-In working into tho bay tho pilot boat was running out. He erosÍ ed my stern and asked mo if I wanted a pilot ; I told no, hut that I had a shipwrecked crew, and wanted assistance. He very likely did not understand me, as ho waved mc to tack and go towards thc pilot station. I did so. After standing to westward a little longer, tho pilot boat went towards Moreton Light ; a ship followed her out. A little while after, beforo dark, thc pilot boat got back to her moorings before abo come round thc beacon polst ; I bad a large whiff at tho mainmast head to attract his attention, thinking, of course, that he would send a boat off ; but no boat come. Atl o.m. tho boat parted her chain, it blowing Btrong at tho time from 8,AV,, and a strong ebb setting out; made sail on the boat and stood to the wcBt, under a balance- reefed mainsail and reefed staysail ; hoisted a light and kept it burning, thinking again a boat would come off. Thc light at thc pilot station was out, but no boat came olf. At 2 o.m., wore round and stood for what I supposed to be the pilot boat's light, intending to let go thc anchor closo to her and run a line to her to hold on to her until morning. I ran tho boat with all confidence, but was terribly disappointed to And myself close in with thc beacon light on thc point. Rounded tho boat to and let go tho anchor, und found thc anchor would not hold, thero being too much tide. Managed to eave her from going on shore i by getting her head to the westward. Again running the sailB up end cutting thc anchor adrift kept under way, tacking to and fro. At daylight made sail ; at 6 a.m. heisted tho ensign, union i down. The pilot boat como out some limo after and lowered his boat and came alongside with Mr. How, I told him I bad lost both my anchors, and wanted thc loon of one, some firewood, a little tea and sugar, and some beef, I told him 1 expected him or some one off last night-that I had a whiff up before he came round thc point-also a light after I broke adrift. His answer to mc was that he did not seo lt, but that they intended and were preparing to come this morning. Ho Bald he would go up with mo to Brisbane, and also get an anchor for me. He went back to thc boat and obtained thc articles all but the anchor, and came on board. AVc kept under way all night, and in thc morning, June 29th, were tacking to and fro usder Mud Island ; at high tide crossed tho bar ; and at 10 p.m. made fast alongside Mr. Campbell's whorf, and was very thankful for it. Had the light of the pilot schooner been burning, or had a boat come off to me after the pilot boat got to her moor- ings, I should roost likely have saved my anchors. The words, " a shipwrecked crew," in answer to the pilot boat's queBtiou, wes quite enough, I should think, to induce any man wita a grain of humanity to baie sent a boat to me, after bringing tho pilot boat to her moorings, AVho is to blame is not for me to say,-I leave that to abler hands than mine. 