DE. COLENSO AND THE PENTATEUCH (From the Watchman ) DB. COLENSO believes that, though the Scriptures may contain, as perhaps other books may, every- thing necessary to salvation, they furthermore con- tain a greater number of inveracities than most uninspired books ; not lies of which the sacred penmen were conscious, but utterly anhistoiic and incredible myths and fictions. Such aro, in his judgment, the accounts of matters of no less im- portance than the OroatioD, tho Deluge, the exodus from Egypt, nnd the wanderings in the Wilder- ness ; ol V?hi ch the Psalms, the Prophets, the Gospels, and tho Epistlos so perpetually, remind us, that, if the Pentateuch is confu ed by Dr. Colenso's Arithmetic, nearly all the following books and'writers of both Tesatments must be convicted of erroneous teaching as to the very first facts of God's dealings with man and with tho chosen poo pie. Alas 1 what then are we to do with our Bible ? Or if, with our habits of thought, having made every hope on this side of the grave and on that, rest upon its testimony, we could not, if we would alter this basis of our whole moral, being, what are we to teach our children, who are grow- ing up in these days of Broad churchism; Multitu- dinism, and Scepticism ? Dr. Colenso feels that difficulty, foresees " the shock" which " our children's faith must experience," and advises us, in misty sentences, to teach them, in short, this—that they must constitute their own Reason and Conscience the judges of when Gods Spirit is spooking to them in the Bible, and when it is not ! One of tho calmest and most sagacious of the Reviewers of the Bishop of Natal's previous work,-St. Panl's Epistle to the Romans, newly translated, and explained from Missionary point of view,-drops softly a line which, without being meant to he sarcastic or con- temptuous, is somewhat thrilling,-*'-We do not here dwell on tho obvious exegetical impropriety of flatly contradicting the Apostle !" . Now that is what we must teaoh our children tó do, when- ever their reason and conscience, or what they fancy such,happen not to accord with Dr. Colenso's Mauricían interpretation of Pt, Paul ; and, above all, they must give up Moses and the Prophets, when these are contradicted by the Missionary Bishop's arithmetical computations. It might end in young or rash minds giving np the Bible alto gether ; but what then ? 'Ihe Bishop of Natol suggests that ''it is perhaps God's will that we shall be taught in this our day among other preci- ous lessons, not to build up our faith upon a Book though it he the Bible itself, but to realise more truly the blessedness of knowing that He Himself, the living God, our Father and Friend, is nearer and closer to us than any Book can be—that His voice within the heart may be heard continually i by the obedient child that listens for it, and that ! shall be oar teacher and guide in the path of duty, which is the path of life, when all other helpers, even the words of the httít ot Boohs, moy fail us. We doubt whether that would always suffice, even for the holiest of men ; it did no*, at the la,t for Bishop Butler. But for ns, whom the litany teaches to call ourselves, terque qualerque, thrice and yet a fourth time, " misreable sinners," it is the IOBS of everything, if we are to give np the Covenant and the promises ! They were severe, 1 but faithful words, which were wi itten when Br. Colenso's former and less daring publication nnnpnrfírl -- " We hear the testimony of Christ to a far donner troth than Bis brotherhood with oar race,-eren to the wrath of God against sin and sinners ¡ a wrath so stern, inflexible, and universal, tbat even the Son if His love, when He stood in the stead of sinners, roast, not esoapo it. What He suf- fered at the hands of His enemies is SB nothing compared to this, ' nd for this there is no accounting oxcept upon the principle of jndioal infliction- All the (raero) sentimentalism so often associated with the words Father and Fatherhood should shrink back rebuked from the scene- of Gethsemane and Calvary, The Father, waa at leaBt as truly the Father .of-JesusAaof moo, nor could there be any comparison be- tween the near affection of that Father for the ority. begotten Son, and His kindness for worms of tho earth.. Yet-the Father puts into His bands tho oup of wrath which may not pass from Him.: To lay down His life was a nommandment which he reoeived of Hts Father. (John x. 18.) 4 Though He were a Son, jet learned He obedience hy the things whiohhe suffered. (Heb. v. 7.) Wo cannot imagine bow the Universe could be moro impressively taught that, the Judge ia not merged in tho Father, that unpardoned sin myst be terribly punished, and that, whoaver may be ' de- ceived' by1 good words and fair speeches,' God will not be mocked." > Into Dr. Colenso's Biblical Arithmetic we can- not here enter ; parts of.it, indeed, would demand physiological and even obstetrical inquiries ; but wo may hint to his readers that, before taking the trouble of verifying his figures, they will do well always to consider whether " tho sum " has been " rightly stated." Ho owns that he ha-t hu; lately begnn his examination of the Penta euch, and we have no doubt that it will be found he has often worked out his resnlts without sufficiently weigh- ing the terms and conditions of the problem. For examp'e, in the computation of >he increase of tbs J Hebrews in Fgypt, it must be remembered that we have at least two periods, one very much larger than tho other, which aro to be considered before we fix finally upon the shorter term ; and further, that the households as well as the fami- lies ot the patriarchs have been reckoned by many as the sources of ' tba' wonderful enlargement. When Dr. Colenso, leaving figures, rises to a moral in'uition, or judgment, he is apt to under- value some of the elements to be contemp'ated ; as in his remarks on the punishment of the Midianites, which was not more tremendous than that of the Cities of the Plain, and in which there WAB a special Teason why the sword of Israel should be the instrument rattier than what we^too commonly regard as merely natural visit ta'ion,. such as earthquake, vo!canio eruption, or pestilence. Ag=>in, as to the difficulty raisedby ona of the Bishop's surprisingly acute and sceotical Zulus to tho supposed ordinance of Moses, that a servant should bo regarded as bis master's " money," Dr. COIOUBO, in confirming Jhe man's unbelief, entirely misinterpreted the text. For, if thc master was to bo capitally punished for such cruelty as occasioned the immediate death of bis servant, obviously any absolute right of property belonging to him in the person of tbe bondman was not only not acknowledged, but was rejected, by the Hebrew Lawgiver; though Mosesw¿sper- mitted to- concede something, on this and other points, lest worse should befall, in that age of iron, owing to the hardnoss of men's hoar's. Hence our Lord,, in inaugurating a higher dispensation, re- pealed with sovereign majesty some of tho con- cessions of Moses, whose faithfulness was but that of a servant ; and himself added " a new Command- ment'' to the Ten Words n tered from Sinai. A4 the samo time, the Supreme Teacher constant- ly bore witness and appealed, both beforo and after His Resurrection, to the inspiration of Mos s and the Prophets. The Bishop of Natal daros to insinuate thit his Lord and MaBter was mistaken! To one readers it may appear more trifling, but perhaps not to Dr. Colenso if we ask him, on his own prin:iplea of philosophical theology, whe her it is Hi not confusion to suppose that the Hoo- and Arche- ga type of Humanity, when purposing to enter tho Hi world as its Redeemeryshould have so decreed BJ ; antecedently the conditions of His Incarnation,as 81 to leave Himself with power overall Nature, with jMÎ knowledge of all that is in man, ond foreknowledge Ml of all that concerned Himself and His Church; jg; and yet in voluntary ignorance of the character, ifi whether authenticor mythical, of the sacred boats. If ascribed to Moses, the prophet like unto Himself K who went before Him: Dr. Colenso demand, fj '* At what period of His life on earth is It lo be ll supposed that He had granted to Him, as y16 1' Sou of Man, supernaturally full and accurate in- ? formation on thoso points ; so th** He should be ? expeoted to speak about tho Penta euch in other ?.< terms than any other devout Jew of that day vom B have employed ?" WI bout raising the question ?. whether a Rrowth in knowledge be it in Paradise or among the angels, who ate still but truieorW that sacred , Infancy which was passe» ?/ in Galiloe-necessarily implies tnB.. .'Bi mission of positive error ; and without intruding for a moment into tho mystery ?, of the two Natures in the one Person; the reply Hr. to'the Bishop of Natal's irreverent querry, wucn ?> Gibbon would hardly have bazardod i»al°?''l( note, is not far to seek. Even the apostles ? bad the promiso of tho Spirit to guide twin m into all truth ; but He. who gave that pwp»» BJ had, as at the commencement of His Mu»8ri ? the Baptist witnessed, the same Spirit wwoui pj mensure. Even a prophet or Evnngîhst, if ». m M divinely endowed with miraculous auestauoDS ot g his doctrine, must be infallible so fur as his m s- m sago proceeds ; othorwise the God of truth must be supposed capable of making bare his arm from Heaven to set His seal upon error and falsehood If, when Chrtst began His work, with| all tho fulnoss of the Holy Ghost dwe ling m w |S God-Man, and with all the Omnipotence of W |; waiting to avouch His doctrine, H o, who was a ? j self « the Trub," oswell as tho Way and | Life, could be in error as to the very fonndati n , of His prea'ohing, and Was as liable to mistake w . Scriptures of tho Old Testament as »ny ouw devout Jew of that doy/ verily Dr. Oet cnsSK maining laith, bo " yet in our'sins." Bat, wi » controversy, the Missionary Bishop, »"er w< perverse pains and all his arithmetic, yet.'provid. himself wiser than hw Mas.or » D Savipmr.;/.1 & Ml 