BELZEBUB AND THE MINISTRY. Old Nicholas Belzebub presents To 0. G. Duffy his compliments, And much' regrets to say that ha Cannot at present ft Minister bo. In stating this, Old Belzebub Assures, oh his honor, the Glassite Club, That 'tisn't from any luke-warm lack, Of lying or dodging he holds back ; As even Judge (Jhapman himself is not For O'Shanassy's party more red hot; But the truth is, till your Councils show, Qf brawling Tips a longer row, With coarse O'SIuinassy cheek by jowl To chorus an anti-Barkly howl Of sedition and treason, I beg to be Excused from keeping suoh company. Old Belzebub has an objection To take a seat with that sneaking section, ? Who honor pawn for office fees, . And eat the dirt that J. O'S. decrees. Like Evans, Haines, and Nicholson, i A course right renegade they run ; They've done so much colonial evil, 'Twould even abash a decent devil. ; AVhat politician, except his nurse, . For Captain M'Mahon cares a curso '< Or thinks 'twould maltor if Ireland merry ; Were 'tother.side of the Stygian ferry, i Breathes there in Melbourne a mother's son, i Who'd give but half a-crown in fun ? To save from the Yarra R. Anderson ; ; Or who wouldn't merrily help to push in : Wood, Johnston, and Mitchell-nor think it a sin. ; In short, though now for a long time : Accustomed to all sorts of crime, Old Belzebub much questions whether ! He ever saw hob-nob together, In any coalition tub : Such a mixtrum, gatheruni, sillybub, lAs the ten who skulk in the big Booe's club. ; 'Tis therefore impossible that Old B .Could stoop lo such shabby society, i Thinking he owns (though no great prig), , .For one in his station 'twere infra dig; But Old B would propose in the interim, Till they find.more Tips that are peers for him. That Father Blazes should bo sub, ;To take "His place at the knavish club, Meanwhile I beg myself; to dub, Your colleague in esse Belzebub. It luckily happens the savan. Father, In air and look resembles rather The head of the Belzebub family. The public will not the difference see, He will, of course, to a nicetj suit, . And serve as Old Belzobub's substitute fi While next oh the list for promotion you know Stands Doctor B-k-s of Bendigo. He guards an outpost for the powers of evil, _ And shall gain recognition from me the devil. He did what he could at the Land Bill Meeting, So now through yourself I send him greeting, And later,-unseen he served our cause. To put down free speech and break the laws, The lambs of his llock laid their plans on Sunday. To smash the Temperance Hall upon Monday, Where Neddy O'lt-f-e led tho brute force brigade, To prance in a small Tipperary. parade, Where briefless O'L-gh-lin. usurped the . chair ;. And abetted misrule although minus horsehair, And the roughs grinned applause at spouting. : uproarious, Of M'Kenzie and Roche, and Jim Rea the notorious, Such was the demand for seditious prate, That squeaking M'Levy's was duplicate; ; And Danny MacClennaghan much did boast, ' To relate a tale of. an Orange ghost, Who'd a ten pound cheque electioneering, But Dan stood firm to the Tipsadheringt-^'* Yet the - Doctor's tailj ;Howard, Byrne and : O'Keefe, .. .. . " ? ? JZi hoc genus omhe came to.grief; They were out manoeuvred by. bold M'Intyre: Swindle on dear Duffv till we meet in fire. , \ BELZEBUB. . Brimston Hall, March, 1863. AN ACCOMPLISHED SWINDLER.-"Within the last week a swindler has made his appearance in the neighborhood of Castlemaine, whose cool audacity has seldom been surpassed. We understand the fellow has played his game at Bendigo with Bome degree of success, but as far as we can ascertain, his first attempt to impose here was at a boarding house at Forest-street. At this place he repre sented himself as the husband of the niece of the landlady, and as having, with his wife, just' ar rived from England. He said hehad retired some years ago from the colony with a moderate for-, tune,, but had left again for,Victoria with a quan tity of goods, which were then on the ship. Ilis wife: would leave next day for Castlemaine, to pay her respects to her aunt, and he remarked, en passant, that she might expect a number of presents from- her relations in the old country, witlr which he had been entrusted. Deceived by the rascal's intimate knowledge of her family connexions, and friends both in Melbourne and the old country, the landlady showed him every attention, and gave him bed and . board until Friday. Oh that day he left, during her absence, for parts unknown, without, as far as could be ascertained, carrying off any valuables. We next hear of the fellow, who assumed the. names of Osborn, Shaw, &c.;, to suit his purpose, visiting Chewton. Here.he endeavored to impose on many- persons, -by a story similar to that he had told in Castlemaine. On Friday he intro duced himself to a:Mr. Corly, saying he had re cently landed from Europe, whence he had brought merchandise for sale ; finding that New Zealand was a better market, he was about to proceed thither, and had come up to the diggings only to induce his newly found uncle (Mr. C.) to accom pany him. The victim of his duplicity invited the rogue to remain. Early in the morning the latter was seen by the wife stealthily examining a tumbler in which money had been deposited over night. She reported the fact to her husband; but in the meantime the bird had flown, with a secrecy bordering on the marvellous. The man with many aliases next ingratiated himself with a Mr. Johnson, averring he had married Mrs. Johnson's niece in Scotland, and telling her various bits of family news, which it is difficult to understand how he acquired. He wished his worthy uncle and aunt to set out with him for New Zealand, to which place he was carrying a large invoice of articles. Mr. Johnson was so deceived by the man's duplicity that he took him into his house, and entertained him on Saturday and Sunday. In the course of the latter day the guest took part in the family worship, and his loud " Amens" were truly edifying to hear. During the evening, however, ho decamped with the proceeds of the collection, which Mr. Johnson, as deacon of the church, had brought home with him. These are but a few of many like exploits of the accom plished Jeremy Diddler, for at Chewton alone he attempted to impose onfour or five other individuals. We also hear that the rascal has distinguished himself in the same line elsewhere; and it is to be hoped that ere long he mil find that mainte nance at the public expense to which his talents so well entitle him. He is a man of about thirty five or forty years of ago, and five' feet six in height, has a ligh*; complexion, and wears a slight sandy-colored goatee. He also wore a reversible coat, blue on one side, and trousers of the same color. The police suppose he has gone to Mel bourne.-A, Mail, 4th March. MEDICAL SCANDALS.-A serious charge has, we hear, been brought against a medical practitioner holding a public office in the Ballarat district, of obtaining, opening, reading, and publishing the contents of a private letter addressed to another member of the faculty. The matter has already caused a belligerent demonstration in the horse whip line, which, however, did not reach a climax, on account of the offender taking strenuously to his heels. The next act is to be performed in the court-house, Bullarat, unless the Minister of Justice forestalls it by taking aclion on a state ment of this equivocal transaction, which is said to have been forwarded to him,-BMural Star, 5th March. 