-MtS-l'KhSS AND ^ A HOUKEUGIjD 8T0UY. L* Tim Avtiioh op 'Moiin Halifax, Gisntlisman.' {from Good Worth) CiiArtHu XXIV. A POltTsiOiiT h tinio rather increased Own ''.'mijtrehol iht €Mitein«itin idtnit on tho event at Russell -a lustre. 'Nevoi was therq audi a wonderful baby, mid mvcr w n tlfato such a fitNP made over it. UiiprVn'titcd jwrwin Knight huvc called it an ugly weakly little thin# ; indeed, at tired there were such apiireuonsignu of it* riving that it hod he#i baptised in a grout hurry, 41 llenry Wri' A*eoli,' nccorning to the mother's desire, whi« )i in nor rritinal posi tion liol-ody dnred thwart, Kvcu at the end of fourteen C nyp, tho 44 sojj and brir'' was (tiU a paJjn#, rtokly, 3 Wiow lacca buby. But to the mother it whk everything. Froo) (he moment she heard !u fii-t try, Mre. AkcoU'h WLulc nature seemed to uittorgu a rJimige. 11 or very eyes— those cold blue rye* of Mis* SclinaV, took a depth and tenderness whenever cho turned to look at tho little bundle thai Say beside her. She never wearied of touchiaz tho tiny hands and feet, and Wondering at thcin, tun showing— to every one of the househoM who was favowed With a sight of it — *'my body,' as if it had boon a miracle of the universe. She was so urmUcrubly trappy and proud. Klixalwdh, too, seemed not n little prutil of tho hahy. To her amis it had first been committed ; she had stood by at it* first washing and dressing, ami hud scarcely left it or her nrieUxffi since. Nurec, a very grand personage, bad boot a lift lo jealous of her at first, hut soon grow conde scending, and made great use of hnr in the «diroom, alleging that stxch an exceedingly sensible young person, so qnict and steady, wo* almost tu* good a* a middlo agod married woman. Indeed, she once asked Elizabeth if she Was a widow, since (he looked as if she hud 44 seen trouble;*' and was veiy touch attrprisci to learn she was single and *raly twenty three year* old, Nobody else took any nonce of her. Even Miss Hilary was so cmgroswd by her excitement and delight over the baby, that she only observed, ' Klizabctit, you look rather w-m out; this has been a trying time fur you.' And Elizabeth hod just answered u YW— no more. During the fortnight sbo had seen nothing of Tom. Ho had written her a short note or two, and thu eook told her he had been to the k itch en- door several tunes asking for her, but being anhWtred that *ho was with her mihtruM upKtaiin, had gone away. 44 In the sulks, most like, though he didn't look ft. He's a pleasant 'Spoken young inan, and I'm sure I wish you luck with hiin,' said Cookie, who, tiko all tho other acrvanta, watt now ctooe Jingly civil to RlfrabctJh. Her star had risen ; she was considered in the household a most fortunate woman. It. was shortly understood that nureo— majestic nurse, had spoken so highly of her, tiiot at the month * end the baby wo* to In? given entirely into her charge^ with, of course, on almost fhbaJous amount of wapr*. ' ''Unless,' said Mrs. Ascott, when this proposition was made suddenly recurring to a fact which seetned hitherto to have qufto sllpjrcd from her mind, 'tmlfas you are still willing to get married, and think you would be happier marred. ' In that ease I w on't binder you. But it would he Kuchu comfort tonic to keep you a Httle longer.' 14 Thank you ma'am,' answered Elizabeth softly, and buriod lierscif with walking baby up and down the room, hushing it on her shoulder. If in the dim light tears fell en its puny lace, God help her, poor Elizabeth 1 Mrs. Aswilt mode such an excellent recovery, that in three weeks' time nobody was anxious about her, and Mr. Atcott had arranged to start on a business journey to Edin burgh ; promising, however, to ho hack in three days for the Christmas dinner, which was to be a grand celebration. Miss Leaf and Miss Hilary were to upjasar thermit in their wodding'dresses; and Mrs. Ascott herself took tho most vital interest in Johanna's having a now cap for tho occa sion. Nay, she insisted upon ordering it from her own milliner, and baring it mate of the most beautiful lacc— the *' sweetest ' old lady's cap tlut could possibly bo invented. Evidently Ibis wonderful baby had opened all hearts, and drawn every natural tie closer. Sdina, lying on the sola, in her graceful w hite wrapper, and her neat close can, looted so young, so pretty, and, above all, so exceedingly gentle and motherly, that her sinters' hearts were full to overflowing. Tliry ackmiwlcdgcd that happiness, like misery, wn* often brougfat about in a fashion totally unfore seen nnd iiua-ediblc. Who would have thought, for in* stance, on that wretched night when Mr. Ascott came to Hilary at Kensington, or on that dreary heartless wedding day, that they should ever have been sitting in Sclina's room, ho tm-rry, and comfortable, admiring the baby, and on the friendliest terms with baby's papa f 4 ? l'apa ' is u mAgicul word, and let married people have fallen ever so wide asunder, the, thought, 'ray child's mother,' 44 toy baby's father,' urnst in some degree bridgu the gulf between them. When lteter Asoutt was aeon stooping, awkordly enough, over his son's cra:)c, poking hi* dumpy lingers into cadi tiny chock in a holf-olarmet, half investigating manner, as if he wonderct how it 3ia1 all conic about, hut, on the whole, was rather pleased than tilherwisc— the good ungcl of the household might have stood by and siuilcd, tnistiug that the ghostly skeleton therein might in time crumble away into harmless dus!, under the sacred touch of iniant fingers. The husband and wife took a kindly, even affectionate leave ot one another. Mrs. Ascott called him 14 Peter,' and Is^gea him to take care of himwjf, and wrap up well that colu night. And when he was gone, end her sisters also, she lay on her sola with her eyca open, thinking. 'What sort of thoughts they were, whether repentant or hopeful, eolcran or tender, whether they might have passed away and been forgotten, or how far they might have in fluenced her life to conic, none knew, and none ever did know. When there came a knock to tho door, and a message fir Elizabeth, Mrs. Ascott suddenly overheard it and turned rottsd. ,-4 Who is wanting von ? Tom Cliffo ? Isn't that tho young man you arc to ho married to r Go down to him at o ate. And stay, Elizabeth, as it's such a bitter night, take him for half-an hour into the housekeeper's room. Send bef upstairs, tell her I wished it, though 1 don't allow * followers.' ' 44 Thank yon, ma'am,' said Elizabeth once more, and obeyed. She must speak to Tom some tinio, it might as wdli he done to- night as not. Without pausing tn think, she went down with dull heavy steps to the housekeeper's room. Tom stood there alone. He lookod so exactly his own self | he ounc forward to meet her so completely in his old familiar way. that for the instant ahe thought alio must bo under acme dreadful dolusion ; that the moonlight night in the Kjuare must have bean all a dream Esther, still the tally tittle Esther, whom Tom had often heard of and laughed at; and Tom, her own Tom, who loved noboby but her. 'Elisabeth : what an age it is since 1'vo had a sight of yotol^ Bui. though the m&nnor; was warm as ever—' *- in his tone A nometblng smote her, as If Duty tried To mock the voice of Love, ho v long since flown,' and quiet as she stood, Elizabeth shivered in his arms. 44 'Why, what'* the matter ? Aren't you glad to see me ? Give mo another kiss, my girl, do !' He took U ; end she crept away from him and sat down. 4| Ydta,' I've got something to say to you, and I'd bolter aay it' at-onee.-' ?4To be sure. 'Tisn't any bad news from home, is it? Or' —looking uneasily at her— 44 1 haven't vexed you, kaveli' 44 Ytxed me,' she repeated, thinking what a small foolish wordflt waa to express what had happened, and what she had been suffering. 'No, Tom, not vexed me exactly. But Invent to ask. jou a queerion. Who was it that you stood 'talk ing with, under our tree in the square, bdtwoen nine and ten o'clock, *h»« night three weeks ago ?' Thoti^b 'there' Was no anger in the voice, it was so serious and deliberate that it mado Tom start. 'Three w&kB; ago ; how can I possibly tell r' 44 Yes, you can; for it was a fine moonlight night, and yon stood thfcta a long time.' 'Under the tree, talking to somebody ? What non&cnfio;! rerfcape' it wasn't me at cul.' 44 It was, for I saw you.' 44 The devil you did V* muttered Tom. 'Don't be; angry, onJy fell mo the plain truth. Tho young .woman that was wilh you was our Esther here, wdenTabc?' ' Tor Uifc moment Tom b-okod altogether conloundefi. Then he tried to reoovor hiiiiBclt and said crossly, 44 Well arid if it was. vdiere's the harm f Can't a man be civil to a pretty' girl without being called over the coals in this wayr' Elizabeth made no answer at least not immo jiatoly. At iafcfc oho said, in a very gentle, subdued voice, — ' 44 Tom, are yon fond of Esther? You would not kiss her if you were not fond of her. Do you like her as —as you tutid|to.iibemo/'. And she lookod right up into his eyes. Hers hai no re proach in than, -mly a piteous entreaty, the last clinging to' a hope vthicii skn knew to be fulso. '** like' Esther? of course I do. Sho's a nice sort of girl, end we're very good friends.' 'Tom, a man can't be 4 friends' in that sort of waj', with a pretty girl of eighteen, when he is going to bo innr ricd to somebody else. At loart, in ray mind, he ought not.' Tow langhed, in a confused manner. 44 1 aay, you're jealous, era you'd hotter gotover it.' 'Wan t-hc jealous? was it all fancy, folly? Did Tom stand there, true as steel, without a fooling in his heart that che did nul thure, without a hop*: in whi' h blio w.w not united, hoteing hrr, and p referring hnr. with thutin dmduality end unity of love, which true love ever gives' nnd cxaf.tSi as it has a right to exact ? ? Not fhat poor Elizabeih reasoned in tin's way, but she f-dt the thing by instinct without reasoning. 'Toiu,' she suid, 44 toll me outright, just us if I w*os sonuhody^sc. and hud never belougod to you at uli, do yuu love X»lner Martin ?'? Trutlirul people enforce tho truth. Tom might be fickle, hut he- woe iiot devcitful ; ho roul-i not look into Elizabeth's eycF and toll her a deliberate lio ; somehow, he dsirod not. 44 Well then— since you will live it out of sue — I think I So Elizabeth's 'ship want down.' It might have been A very frail vcfcsd, tiuit nobody in their rigid, season would Im^Cftrntdnd treasure with, still aho did ; aud it was oD ^hyhad, hud it went down to tho bottom like a stone. ^M.WomHhiDg how fioon the oca closes over this sort of ',04d bow quietly people take— when tlioy must tako, and'fbcreis tab pupri) cishclioving it— tho truth which they Wjbjild have givco their lives to prove was an impossible lie. lcr n.n.c aiiiiuii.ft, Toiii ir.g t!n_ Hrc, an! Elua ,bc'h n»t cn htr chuir ojipoitc, without sjczvlng. Thou *he fcok oil hof btoo Ji, \fiu r«iily love token ho hr.l g'ven hn r»nn put it inlo his himd, ''What's this for? ' nB?ed lie sudJuily. 44 You tnuw. Yuu'it give it to Enficr. It'u .EbiLtr, i.ol mo, y«u must inuny now.' An' the UoiUght of Ksther, gi'Wy, flirting, usolos j'istinr rs 'J'oiii H vifo, wnh shoost more tiipn bin; could besir. 'Ihr? ►Img oj it ] ut i vm into 1j*t inihhril liuiuility a t«itein honest fell nsM-rtivn. 4* J'ni not going to blamo you, Tom; but I think f ni as g'Msi us the. 1 m not pretty, 1 know, nor lively, nor young, ut hast I'm old for my ngo : but 1 was worth h muo thing. You should not have wrvoi me m-.' Tom wait, the usunl ex- us-\ that lie 44 coulln't help it.'* Am (u«*d(nly turning r.jun ?, bebcggoJ her to furgivc liiiu, -ool net t'jj-akc iiini. She loif-aVe 'ioiu r Elizabeth Almost smile!. 4 1 do forgive you ; I'm not a bit angry with you. If I tv- i was, 1 have got over if.' _ 44 That's light. You're a -Vur souJ. Ho you think I don't like you, Elizabeth r' 4 Uh yes,' **hc said badly, 44 1 daresay you -to, a little, in fpite of r-th« r Murlin. But tiiat w not luy ^Ay of liking, and I roul'ii't stanl it.' 44 M'l.at couldn't you stand ?' 'Your hh-bing rue to-cny and anotlicr girl to-morrow, vour telling me 1 wanovt'iylbiiig to you one wuo*, and say ing exactly Uic samo tlnng to another girl the noxt. It would bo hard enough to bear if wo were only friends, but as sweetheart* ah husband and wife, it would bo impossible. No, 1cm, I fell you the truth, 1 coulj not stand it.' She spotc strongly, unhesitatingly, and fur an instant there Cowed cut oi iter boil cyca thut wild, fierce spark, lutmt in tbeso quiet huniblo natures, which is dangerous to mecdlo with. *1 ctu did not attempt it. Be felt all was over. 'Whether he had lost or guinea ; whether ho was glad or sorry, he Li.idiy knew. 44 1 ra not going to take this hack, anyhow,' ho sa' i 44 fiddling 11 with the brooch ; and then going up to her li ?* alUnijitoo, with Ireuibling hun^B, to relastcn it in her col lar. The familiar o». lion, his tontrite look, woro too inu ^h. Tcuple who have once loved one another, thnugh the iovo is dcaa tier lovo raw die) are notable to bury it all nt once, or if tiny do, its j^lo ghost ail] still come tnocVing at tho door of their hearts, 44 Uct rac in, lot mc iu.' Klirubcth ought, I know, in proper feminine dignity, to have Iwtdc Tout farewell without a glance or touch. But the did Lot. When he hod fastened her brooch, she lookod lip in his familiar lace, a sorrowful, wistful, lingering look, end then -)ung about bis neck : 44 O Tom, Tom, 1 was so fond of you !'' And Tom mingled his tears with here, and kisaod'hor many times, and even felt his old affection returning, making him half oblivious of Esther; but mercifully— for lovo re built upon lost faith is like a house founded upon sands — tho door opined, and Esther herself came in. Laughing, smirking, pretty Eslhor, who thoughtless us she was, bad }ct tho sense to draw back when she saw than. 44 Come here, Bather,' Elizabeth callod imperatively; and die i amv. 44 Esther, I've given up Tom; you may lake hiinifhc wont* you. Muko liim a good wife, and I'll forgive you. If wot — She could not say another word. Hbc shut tho door upon them, and crept up staire, conscious only of ono thought — if she could only get awn/ from them, and never see either of their faces ctiy morel And fta this fate was kind to her, though in that awful way^ji which foto— say rather I'rovidenoo— often works; cutting, with ono aliaip blow, sumo knot that our poor, feeble, mortal fingers have been labouring at in vain; or making that which socmod impossible to do, the moxt natural, caby, and only thing to be done. Row strangely oltcn in human jlifo ,l one woo doth troai upon the others heel I' How /ontinuafiy, while ono of timse small private tragedies tliot 1 havo spoken of is being enacted within, tho adors arc callel upon to meet some other tragedy from without, so that exteriuil energy counteracts inward emotion, and holy sympathy with unctiicr's Kuf.cringE stifle* all personal pain. That truth about soi row's comiiig '* in baUaiions ' may have a divine muoiiug in it,— may Ik; line of those mysterious laws which guin; the universe,— laws that we cun only tnujc in frag ment*, and guess at the rest, believing that in deep humility that one cay \vc shall 44 know even us wo are known.' Therefore i ask .no pity for Elizabeth, because ere she had time to collect liciscli; and realize in her poor confused nr.nd that she had indeed said goodbye to Tom, given liim up and parted from him for over, sho ana summoned to her mtetrc-fs's room, fhfj-cto hold a colloquy outside the dour with the poriuut-ly pirjilcxci nurse. One ot ihuRG budlcn changes had come which sometimes, af ter nil, seems safe, strifco terror into a rejoicing houae boM, and end by canying away, remorseless, the young wife from her pcarecly lotted bliss, t' e mother of many rbil^un honi her iloso circle of happy duties and yearning loves. Mrs. Ahcotl was ill. Either she hai taken cold or boon too much ei cited, or in the over-contidcnec of her recovery come slight neglect had occurred— tonic trifle which nobody Uiinkt iil ttil afterwards, ani which yet proves the fatal cause, the ' little pin ' tiiat 44 Borea through the castle wall ' of mortal hope, and King Death enters in all hia awful etalc. Nobody I new it or dreaded it; for though Mrs. Ascott was certainly ill. she woe nut at first voy iil ; and there being no telegraphs in those days, no one thought of send mg lor cither her husband or her sisters. But that very hour, whin Elizabeth went up to her mistress, and saw tho Audi ou Let* check, and the restless expression of hor eye, King Death had secretly crept in at the door of tho man sion in JiuBw?JJ-squnro, The patient woe carefully removed back into her bod. She fiaic little, except once, looking up uneasily, — 44 J don't joel qniio myself, Elizabeth.' And whtu her servant soothed her in the long familiar way, telling her filio would be better in the morning, sho smiled luntcnledly, and luraed to go to sleep. Nevertheless Elizabeth did not go to her bed, but sat behind the curtain, motionless, for an hour or more. Towards the middle of the sight, when ho* baby was brought to her, and the child mstinctivoly refused its natural food, and began screaming violently, Mrs. Ascott' 6 trvnbled look returned. 44 What is the matter? WJiat arc yon doing Nurse? I won't be parted fiom my baby,— 1 won't, 1 say!' And when, to soothe her, the little thing waa again pat into her arms, and again turned from her, a frightened ex pression raxne into the mother's lace. 44 Am 1 going to be fil ?— is baby She stopped ; and as nurse determine tcly carried it away, slic attempted no resistance, only followed it across the room with «ogcr eyes. It was the last glimmer of reason there. From that time her mind began to wander, and before morning she was slightly delirious. Still nobody apprehended danger. Nobody really knew anything about the matter, except nurse, and she, with a selfish fear of being blamed for carelessness, resisted send ing for tho doctor till his usual hour of calling. In that largo house, as in many other large houses, everybody's business was nobody's business, and a member of the family, even the mistress, might easily be sick or dying in some room therein, while all things else went on just as urtial, and no ono was any the wiser. About noun, even Elizabeth's ignorance was roused up to the conviction that souiothing was very wrong wilh Mrs. Ascott, and that nurse's skill could not counteract it. Ou her own responsibility she sent, or rather she went to fetch the doctor. He came ; and. his fiat through the whole household into consternation. Now they knew that tho poor lady whoso happiness had touched the very stoniest hearts in the establishment, hovered upon the brink of the grave. Now all the women servants Oown to tho little kitchcn- tnaid with her dirty apron to her eyes, crept up stairs, ono after the other, to the door of what had been such a silent, mysterious room, and listened, unhindered, to the ravings that issued thence. 14 Poor Missis,' and the 44 poor little baby/' were spoken of softly at tho kitehen dinner-table, and confidentially sym pathized over with enquiring tradespeople at the area gate. A sense of awe and suspense stole over tho whole house gathering thicker hour by hour of that 'dark December day. When her mistress was first pronounced 14 in danger.' Elizabeth, awart Ihat^Gre wes noon^oact but herself had taken a brief opportunity to slip- from the tpopi and write two letters, one to her master in ?Edinburgh, and tho other to Miss Hilary. The firet-ehc gave to the footman to post ; the second' she charged lum to send by special mes senger to Richmond. But he, being lazily in^linoJ, or else thinking that as the order was only given Ly Elizabeth, it wns of comparatively little roomont, posted thorn both. So, vainly did the poor girl watch und wait; hcithor Miss Loaf nor Miss Hilary came. By night hire. Aarott'e delirium began to subside, but her strength vua ebbing fast. Two physicians- throe — stood by the unconscious woman, and pronounced Diat all hope was gone, if indeed, the rase hud not been hopeless hum the beginning. 44 Where is her husband? Has aho no relations, no mother or sisters r' asked the fashionable physician, Sir — , touched by tho sight of this poor lady dying alone, with only u uurso and « servant about her. 44 if she has, thqy ought to be sent for immodiatcly.' Elizabeth ian down stairs, and rousing the old butler from bit bci), prevailed on hiin to start immediately in tho carriage, to bring back Miss Leaf and Miw Ilil/uy. It would bo midnight before lie reached Richmond ; still it mutt Vc done. ' 441*1! do it my girl,' «iid he, Idcdly; 'and 2 II tell them as gently n( I ran Neva four.' Whrn Eliralcth returned to her mi«tre&j;'« room, tho ern tors wire rli gunc, and uureo, standing at the foot of Mrs. AK-ott'sbod, was xvatching her with tho serious look whic h oven a hireling or a stranger wears, in tho presence of thiil sight which, however familiar, never grows less :;wful— a fellow- creature blowly passing from this life into tie life unknown. t Elizabe th crept up to tho other silo. The diango. inde scribable yet unmistakable, which comes over a human into when thu warrant Br its dissolution has gone forth, struck her at once. Never yet had Elizabeth socn doath. Her father's she did not remember, and among her few friends nnd con nexions none other hod occurred. At twenty-three years or age,. fib o wns still ignorant of that solemn cxperienoo which every woman must go through, eomo time, often muny 'times, during her life. For it is to women that all look in their extreme hour. Voiy few men, even tho ten dcrwt-hearted, ere ablo to watch by tho last struggle end close tho eyes of the dying. JYx li e ti.OLLfit, i.Jt the 'glanc-iA ro :nd the darkenc 1 in' m, and Uku at the still figure on the be.!, Elizubctli'H .couit'gc failed, fjlruig lovu might hase overcome thin fear — tlx '.m.iuiel ucoil '.1 yuulh im-l life from' ouiiug into con tmt with diolh end morlalily; but luvo wus not cxa tly ihc Und Utwetji Ur and Mrs. Ah oil. It wo* rather u.iy, l if J', the temlf ntera Hint would have tprung up in li« r b« urt tewnri's ar.ybooy she hat wntched .1111 tended so 4 If »l.c Mmuld civ, ^ic iu tho night, before Mini, Hilary Tims!' thought the poor girl, und glanuri unco lucre r.mn.l the (lu.U.uy 10..111, where hLv Wu« now left quite 1 nh'i.e. lor nunc, thinking wilh true worl .ly wisdom of the J rrFcivntioii uf the 4 4 n* ;ii and heir,' which was do i' the mod impuitant quci-tien now, hai stolen awav, nnd was bwy jn the next room, seeing various yuuiig vumn wh« m the ffders hud sent, one of whom wa» to *u] ji]y to the infant ihc place of the poor mother whom it Wiuld ci.\c.r I now. 'iluie was nobody left but Uracil' to wnth this dying mother, ro Elizabeth took her lot upon her, smotherod down lur frara, und wit by the hcdmdv, waiting lor tho lc;i*t cxjiicwhin of r* turning reason in the sunken faco, whicJi wtis vtiy quiet now. CenH' ioui-nct-s r.id rctnni at lad, as the do lorshad said It wuuld. Mrs. A fi'ott opened her eyes; they waniei/d from m-'o tQ si 'c. and thui she said feebly, 44 Elir utelh, wlierc's my lmby ?' '\Vliiit Elizabeth answered she never couM rcme»jbnr; jKilmpB nothing, or Ut agitation betrayed hor, lor Mrs. Aki ott (old again, — 44 Elizabeth, 11m I going to— to leave my baby ?' Sonie people might have considered it best to rejily with a lie- the liightened. cowardly lie thai is so often tol i ut Couth* Let's to the sou) passing direct to its GoJ. But this girl could not and cared not, leaning over her mistrOAB, she wliiejicred, as softly as she could, choking down the tears that might liavo oisturbed the peaie which, mercifully, seemed to lrnvo conic wilh dying,— 44 Yes, you are going very coo n— to God. Ho will wutih over bahy, aud p\c him back to you again some day, quite (ale.' 44 M ill He?' ? The tunc was submissive, half-enquiring; like thai of a child learning something it hod never learnod before— as £t-Jjna was cow learning. Perhaps oven those fhree short w ee ks of motherhood had power so to raise hor whole nature, that she lmd now gained the composure with whfah oven ti c w caXo.t soul can sometimes cioet death, and hod grown col unw orthy of the dignity of a Christian's dying. Suddenly (he shivered. 44 1 am afraid ; I never thought of— this. Will nobody come and speak to mc?' Oh, how Elizabeth longed fur Miss Hilary, for anybody, who would have known what to say to the eying woman ; w ho pel haps, as her look and words implied, till this hour had ncw-r thought of dying. Once, it eiosHoi the servant's mind to send for some clergyman ; but she knew none, and was awotc that Mrs. Ascott did not either. She hud no eupcratiriuuH feeling thai any clergyman would do ; just to give a soil of spiritual extreme unction to tho departing fiouh Her own religious faith was of such an intensely pc-raonal silent hind, that alio did not believe in any good to lc derived from a stiongc gentleman coming and praying by the bedride of a stronger, repeating set sayings with a set countenance^ and going away again. And yet wilh that instinct which cc.nics to almost every human soul, fab l deporting, Mrs. Abcutt'b white lips wlifapcrci, 4* i'ray.' Elizabeth luid no words, except those which Miss Leaf used to cay uiphl after night in the little parlour at .Stow buiy. Mio i. licit aown, ant inn trcmhling voice repeated in her mifctrecB's car,—' 4* Our Father which art in heaven,' —to the end. After it Mrs. Abtuft luy very quiet. At length 6hc aaid, 44 ] 'lra^o— bring— my— baby.' It had been from the first, und wth to the last, 44 my ' bubv. Ihc mini! face was laid clows to hers that she might kiss it. 44 He looks Well; he docs not miss me much yet, poor Iiltic fellow l' And tho strong natural agony came ujwu her, conquering oven the weakness of her last hour. 44 Oh it V hard, hard ! 'Will uobo .y toaoh my baby to remember me ?' And then lilting herself up on her elbow, she caught hold of nurse. Tell Mr. Ascott that Elizabeth is to take eAre of baby. Promise, Elizabeth. Johanna is old — Hilary may be mar ried— you will take - are of my baby r' *' 1 will- as long as I live,' said Elizabeth Hand. She teok the child in her arms, and far ahuoht another hour (fasii beside the bed thus, until nurse whispered, ' Cany it nway, its mother doesn't know it now.' Butshcein; far she feebly lnovoi her fiugera as if in scarvh of something. Baby was Ktill asleep, but Elizabeth contrived, by kneeling rown close to tho bod, to put the tiny band una or those cold fingers; they cloud immediately up- n if, and remained so till the lust. When Miss Leaf and Miss Hilar}' liamo in, Elizabeth was still kneeling there, trying softly to ta^.o the litde hiin't away; for the baby hud wakened, and began its piteous wail. But it (lid not disturb the mother now. 44 Poor ticlina' was no mure. Nothing of her was left to her child except the name of a mother. It may have been better so. ( 2o be continued. J 