VARIETIES. WESTWORTH AND HAYDOR.—Mr. S. C. Hall tells the following amusing [?], apropos of Wordsworth's fondness for talking about himself; "Wordsworth and Haydon the painter, had been dining together in IVondon, end both, rather elevated with wine, were walking along (be street, when ? young gentleman seeing that (tier wen somewhat unsteady upon their fast, offend hbaMMUnee; sad, co leaning upon hi* inn, the two great men were conducted to a coach-stand. Tuning to the young gentleman, Wordsworth said, ? Sir, yon have been coozteoos to a stranger; I win now tell you who I am. I am (be poet Wordsworth.' 'And I and Hay don) am Benjanin Bobert Bay don, the historic punter.' The joang man, who laid hitherto been a? attentive, dropped their arms immediately, and, in dignant at what he beliered to be a bow, ex claimed 'You are a pair of lying drunken vaga bonds !' and loft them in the middle of the street." PEBQtnsrt?S.—There is a story of a nobleman who, finding his housekeeping bills in a very in flamed state, determined upon desperate measures and sent for his cook. When the artiste in cap and apron obeyed the summons he was asked by his master, in a soft, confidential tone, how much he made yearly ont of his place beyond the wages paid to him. The cook, who was ? frank and oonaaen tibns mas, reckoned ap his eommisstoits, and bis gains upon truffles and fish and other nusce?aoeoos importations, and his sales of property, by strained suppositions, held to be useless; and be ***&> oat his gains at something more than £100 a yew over his wages. "Very well," said the legioal master, " you are an *wnMm?t. cook, and I can't afford to lobb you or displease you. But,this £100 a year must all come out of my pocket, and cannot cost me leas than £200, for yon must be dividing the profit of waste with my tradesmen. Now, suppose I add the £100 ft year to your wages, and you undertake to protect my interests against every one else, and take no pro fits, or commission, or perquisites of any kind?** The story goes that the cook was at first stunned by 1 the violent novelty of the proposition, then hesitated, but finally declined the offer as " contrary to his principles." He could not live without doing a little job now and then. The 10 per cent, upon an | unnecessary cwt of matt was sweeter than doable the money in coarse, common-pUoe wages. The half crown gained by a sort of white robbery is better than five shillings received in a plain matter-oMact way.— Times. ' FEKKCHSOLDMESnrItAECHnroOBDKE.—The pre cautions taken to prevent oar TsMiinr; cold, and to insure our comfort and health, I then, and think now. excessive. In the first place, if the weather were chilly, we were obliged to march in dose order —for warmth. As the day grew warmer, the ranks were opened, so that we should not be incommoded by dost and perspiration. As soon as we began to ' perspire, delirious serjeante, captains and lieutenants trotted about our columns ah/?ntj??g to men to button op their coats if they opened them, and HhnW.;,t.;n g the quickness of oux step as we approached the halt; and when we did arrive at the halt, woe to to the parched soldier who dare to touch water until be re ceived orders to do so. ?Eat bread!" "Eat c few monthfuis of bread before you drink!" "Rinse your mouth well oat before you swallow a moatbfn! of water?" "Sit on your packs, and not on the ground! You, Sir! two days talle it police lor lying down in the shade. DoyoatfimkweeandngCsrer and rheumatism about with us? Up with you! And you there, ex posing your chest to the cold air ;you*U be writhing j like a corkscrew presently !" When we arrived at I onr destination, the bustle and hurry scurry was greater. Fust duties over and the soap eaten, the officers seemed possessed; they stormed and shouted at the eight of a particle of dnst or mad on* shoe; they caused trousers to be turned op to ace that there were so damp feet; doctors Sew about in quiring after sore beels; captains grew red in the face, and threatened prisons, dungeons, and even shooting and cutting into a million of little pieces, in their anxiety to see everything orderly and comfort able. Before sunset, whether it was bivouac or village, the regiment was as quiet as a church. Next morning everybody woke refreshed, and rather in clined for another march than otherwise.— Dietem't v Ml tie Tear Bouad." Legithute SLAVERr.—The confirmed criminal must be secluded from society. Whether this is done by transporting him or by taping him in penal servitude—real hud penal servitude—at home is, co Us as society is concerned, unimportant. While punishing and ttfidndmg him, can we not atQixe him? Is slave-labour of no nee f These men have forfeited all chum to their misused liberty, and are of right slaves. There are thousands of them. Buraly thousands of slaves ought, instead of being an incubos, to be a, vaiasTole property. Wherever there is hard work to be done, we should send the sUves to doit; and as to wardens to keep them at it, bow could our soldiers be better employed than in such capacity? A life of eontxnoal watch fulness, and with some amoant of risk con nected with it, is the right life for a soldier. Each regiment would only be employed in fins Service fbr a time. Tim changing ?f frurwip. would be, for many reasons, a matter of necessity. Wherever slave- labour is wanted, these men who have forfeited their freedom should be sent. If you want to form a settlement in one of our colonies 6end your slaves to that colony, and send your sol diers to take care of them. U you want to build fortifications at home, turn tins great brute force in that direction. There should be a careful discrimi nation used in selecting the men for home service and foreign service. It would eeem, at first eight, as if the worst criminals should be those 'selected for transportation; but perhaps the really desperate character, the foul and irreelamable ruffian, should be kept at home, where prisons are strong, and where the resources of justices are numerous and irresis tible; where it is hard to find opportunities of plotting, and harder still to carry a plot out. £rans portatton is ? chance for a man, and it should be awarded to the lees desperate class of criminals, of whom there is, perhaps, some sort of hope.— Dickens's Mi Oe Year Round. Effects op Eauns Between Umtj —Among the many slight causes of impaired digestion is to be reckoned the very general disregard of eating between meals. The powerful digestion of the growing boy mikes light of all each inegularittes; but to see adults, and often those by no means in robust ImaMi, eating muffins, buttered toast, or bread and butter, a j couplo of hours after a heavy dinner, v * distressing spectacle to the physiologist. It takes at least four hours to digest a dinner; during that period the stomach should be allowed to repose. A little tea or any other liquid is beneficial rather than otherwise, but solid food is a mere incumbrance. There is no gastric juice ready to digest it; and if any reader, having at all delicate digestion, will attend to his sensations after eating muffins or toast and tea, unless his dinner has had time to digest, he will need no sentences of *?rplaT?trfi'ln to convince him of the serious error prevalent in English f*mili?i of "??*""g tea a light meal, quickly eucoeeding a substantial dinner. Regularity in the hours of eating is tar from necessary; but regularity of intervals is of primary importance. It matters little at what hour yon lunch or dine, provided you allow the proper inter vals to elapse between breakfast and luncheon and between luncheon and dinner. What are those intervals ? This is a question each must settle for himself. If och depends on the amount eaten at each I meal, much also on the rapidity with which each person digests. Less than four hours should never be allowed afier a heavy meal of meat. Five hours is about the average for men in active work. But those who dine late —at 6 or 7—never need food again until breakfast next day, unless they hare been at the theatre, or dancing, or exerting themselves in Parliament, in which case a light supper is requisite. — Letois't Phydology of Commoa Life. Judge Powell axp the Ghost.—The Judge was a most strenuous opponent of the superstitious belief in apparitions, although Dr. Fowler, the then Bishop of Gloucester, was not only a beuevwr in, but wrote several works in defence of the existence of ghosts upon earth. Judge Powell wai a great antagonist of the Bishop's, and once attempted, by the following witty device, to convince him of his error. The Judge purposely paid the Bishop an ear] v morning visit at hb palace, when the annexed conversation, occurred :—" Sinoe I caw you,*' said the Judge, "I have had ocular demonstration of the existence of nocturnal apparitions." Bishop: "lam , glad you are become a convert to the truth; but do you say actual ocular demonstration ? Let me know the particulars of the story." Judge:" My Lord, I 1 will. It was—let me see—last Thursday night, between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock, but nearer the hitter than the former, as I lay sleeping in my bed, I was suddenly awakened by an uncommon noise, and heard something coining up-stairs and stalking directly to wards my room. The door flying open, I drew back my bed-curtain and caw a faint glimmering light eater my bedchamber." Bishop: "Of a Cunt colour,no doubt." Judge: "The light was*pale blue, my Lord Bishop, and then followed ? tall meagre personage, his locks hoary with age, a&d; clothed with a long loose gown, a leathern girdle about his loins, his beard thick and grizzly, a huge fur cap on his head, and a long staff in his hand. Struck with astonishment, I remained come time [ quite motionless and silent The figure advanced, staring me full in the face; I then said, ' Whence and what art thou?" Bishop: ?? What was the answer? Tell me; what was the answer?" Judge: " The following was the answer I reoevied: —* I am a watchman of the night, a'bt please your honour, and make bold to come up-stairs to inform the family of tfadr street door being open, and that, if it were not soon shut, they would probably be robbed before morning.'" The Bishop's confusion at this reply may be better imagined than described. A Bbbjlch or Pbqioss Of AUbbiaqk,—A run* away'ring. 