MISCELLANEOUS. NOVEL DISEASE.-Thegentlemain Who caught a train is recovering. Mr Pepper is in Paris, teaching French machinists how to produce a ghost at the rate of L40 the lesson. TRIFLE FROM MARoArT.--The other day, a housemaid, having finished her dusting, in the house, was observed, from the sea shore, to be sweeping the horizon with a glass. SoME PEBsoNS ARE NEVER CONTEN TED.-" No, Sir, I shan't subscribe to your sick fund any longer. Here I have been subscribing for the last eighteen years, and I haven't derived the sligh test advantage from ityet. You must excuse me, Sir, but I object to belong any longer to a society in which the ad vantage is all upon one' side." ADVERTISro.-One firm alone in the city spends L.6,000 every twelve months in advertising; and another large establishment that had expended upwards of L8,000, reduced it (on the introduction of a partner, and by his advice) to half that sum, when the tak ings dropped off in the same ratio. They have since gone back to the original ex penditure, and their business is flourish ing again.-Aduarteis?: l-ore, IJ~hn, and WAere. By W Smith. It is said that Victor Hugo is en. gaged upon a new work, which is to be called 93," and which is to be a sort of link betweet " Notre Dame de Paris" and " Les Miserables." He has several other works on hand, but he has put all aside in order to devote himself to this A biography of Victor Hugo is shortly to be published in Paris, under~the title of" Victor Hueo, raconte par un Te. moin de sa Vie."' THEa LOST ACTIC. ExPLORER.- What a'weird and awful mystery lies still about the explorers of the North, although we know that they be dead, and may see at any time in Greenwich Hospital their last tokens. There is scarcely a ghastlier sight than that little heap ot tarnished silver forks, abanidoned in those far-away icy .solitudes. What despair must have been in the hearts of those: who left them there, and pushed on, God alone knows whither !- chamber's aJ ournal. THE LORD MIATOR AnD 5Is LADY IN aras DANoE.--The"Londofi correspon dent of the Aberdeen Free Press says : -After the ceremony of presenting the IFreedom of the City to the Prince, dancing commenced; 'the Prince and Princess leadingo.:ff with. the' 'Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress.: This quadrille, which was danced on a select spot under the chair of State, was, 'I am itifprried, a s eight fosee. The Lord Mayor is very fat and pudgy, and the way in which he disported himself.be f are the Princess was highly suggestive ;f an exaggerated humming top.. It was remarked, also, that' the Lady Mayoress carried too much sail, and also too much ballast for his Royal Highness. She eventually found a more congenial partner in Prince Alfred; whose'style- of ildan-ing was of the vigorous kind'which • reviils on high days and holidays'on the I l,wer'deck. -MORE BUsRaniNoGo.,-On Tuesday, 3'r'Peter Malym, a farmer at 'Jugiong, was bailed tip near Yass by two mounted imen, who stole his saddle and bridle. t(n Friday, Gillert,O'Meally and aiiother e ucltup M'Gregor's store At t:Humbug 1 lat, near Rurrowa, and stole L5U worth ,f goods;. " MrW. D. Campbell, of Bur r,,wa, rode up'at the' time- and- Gilbert; passed'.himself,off as ' groom,' and, led CIiampell's horse into the stable. Having i~tils got Campbell to' dismount, Gilbert politely asked' for his ;atch and moinhey, . hichkwere handed over:' It appears t hat L50 in money; ,nd' L220 in goods " were stolen by the ?three. armed' men Who stuck up Webb acid Crego's store at Burrowa.:One of the lien, Jamieson, ,is since been caiptired at tile. 'edden liountain.: "'Tootal and Slater, the two Iien captured by, the:police in the hat at J )emotidrille 'when Gilbeft andl O'Meally cctlaped, iave been comniitted for trial. h''le twvo 'Hogans,- captured at Vardy's S when Lowry was shot, have been re= minded for a week.' Bronan;,Williams, titd Watson, captured at the 'samhe' time were ,discharged. Ta.o %.ibliushrangers stuck tip Smith's puhliichouse, ten 'miles from Mudee', on T'uesdaitvmorning,;at tine o'cliiik: They took "L19, and one of Cobb's: mail' horses;, Shortly' after wasrds ,they stunck ii, Mr AlfredKNeale, from whomn1 theytook .LS, "saddle., and bridle.=Federal Stdndard, Sept: 11. A; CAVAttT O C?u;R Ano,-i'wo T miles beyond here is where the figlitinig this morning ._ebgann: Half a-dozen , dead horses are snddenly seen lying in the road, or.in the field near'by. Further :-on, and more..appear.. ;Somea of these are Sof Thursday's ,fight. Theii blo\ies. have alreadyibegiin'to sivell,: and a few lie on their backs, wilth legs :stifly projecting in ihe air Long streams of blood issue ftrim tlieir, noses. ' Gaps exist illn stone :wells, kicked over by. leaping horses. Biith thie roaandnd adjcacit patulies of :'::yolunig ferni are torn by inumerable tirnces of fYvitg hoofs. Flush faiced mac , with fleshing eyes, yet linger in tihe :mind's eye, elated by triumph, or panic :atrnok in retreat. Cheers and yells yet ring in the ear, accompanied by oaths. Tihe le?s fleet are overtaken with a " surrender ye." Perhaps an oath wits a pistol shlot is received in reply. It may inissfire, when tihe stubborn resis tant receives a ball which speedily topples himn over, while,. his asanilanst passes on to new struggles. More fre quently the answer is a hasty "I sur render," a thriwing ldoon of weapons, and a spreading 'f the arnus, to prov: themiselves deleicelees. This action must beosnszingly quick, or unpleaniit results ensue. There is no times to vwait. At no other time is there ever board so much hlard swearing as in a chariIge. Thlere is a periect chorus of oaths, firom husky bass to frantic treble. The pro unitly, painful to tie ear, is rarely touched on biy corresponidents, yet io, true idea of a fliglht can be furnished without its sulondant incorporation. Relnderedl in dliff rent iy hablit and urged by a sense of duty and pride, menii rush to their fate in the whirlpiols o companiionship, andl careoless of ctie Iuture.-New York Tri butte, A circular, advising anti-organists to smash all organs they meet, has been Iex.tensively distributed in London. The regiment of negroes in the Federal army are known by the sobriquet of blackbirds. A New York letter says that General Butler has been soumlly thralsed. by a day labourer. .A woman, named O'Brien, resailing in Vizes' Fields, Limerick, and who 1ha. been married 25 years, last week. gave birth to her first child ! The Princess of Wales dances. well and though at the civic ball heir evident want of familiarity with the "Lanceis" threw her back on the councils of her husband, this did but adda itew grace to the many graces of her mtanner. Spectator. :The first levee of his Excellency Sir C. H. Darling was held on Wednesday the 16th inst. at tire Exhibition Building. There is nothing new to describe in the manner or arrangements of the day. His Excellency, punctual to time, arrived at the Exhibition Building a few minutes past three o'clock, escorted by a troop of the Prince of Wales V. L. Horse. A guard of honor, consisting of fifty rank and file of the Royal artilory, was drawn up in front of the chief entrance. Not withstarling- the showers of rain there was a considerable number of spectators, and shortly after the appointed time the main streets and others were filled with carriages; and cabs, &c.; Altogether the levee may be pronounced to be as sue. cesful as could be desired, the attendance being maort numerous than on any like occasion. The officers and members of the University, the military authorities, ministers, ex-ministers, members of par liament, their honors the judges, minis ters of religion, merchants, laity, coun. cillors with their worthy mayor, and a nondscript crowd of nobodies made np a presentable group thatmust to some ex tent have surprised our new governor. Addresses were presented by Dean Ma. cartney from the clergymen of tie Church of England, and by Mr J. B. Were, Danish Consul, on behalf of the foreign consuls in Victoria. Among the con spicuous persons present was Mr O'Sha nasiy, and among the conspicuous per sons absent was the Roman Catholic -Bishop Dr Goold. Tile oath of office taken the other day includes the oath relating to supremnacy and is understood to have given offence. At about quarter past four o'clock his Excellency withdrew and returned to his residence in Collins street east, escorted by the Light Cavalry. A case of.bushranging,;an offence now happily so rare in the annals of Victoria, was tried yesterday at. the Criminal Sittings before Mr. Justice ' Molesworth. The prisoner was one Peter Keenan, who had been arraigned the day before, ill company with one Cain, for assaulting and r-obbing Edward Jeffcot Stack,-or, the 29th Auguat.. -Cainuhad. pleaded "Guilty;' .but Keenan, whol pleaded f "Not guilty," .had- his trial fixed for yesterday. In opening the case,- tie learned Crown prosecutor congrattilated the Conrt upontthe activity of the police as instanced in this case by detectives Black and Williams, whose conduct, as evidencing the perfection of our detective force, went far to save this country from the curse of bushranging experienced ili New. South Wales, He tben called evidence, which proved thle following' facts: -Mr Stick was ' gold -buyer atid draper 'atDayleaford, and every Satiir day he rode fifteen :miles to the 'Blue Mountain rush:to buy gold.: Ot Satur day, August 22, he met on the road,- two mert, Keehan andil Cain, who appeared to be clearing: the road. As he rode on Cain enme acnoross the ro?d, as if he were goinrg to 'iitop the horse; but the 'latter was at lull lop, lnpnd passed:on" safely. On the' followhig Saturday Mr. :Stack saw the same men, just beyond a oreek. lie looked about for a safe crossing, anid CCiin, coming forward,,showed him .the ford: Just as he was getting up the.op oirete baik, however, Caiii .caught .tlie bridle, and, presenting a revolver, told Mr. Stack to get" off his"hlorse. Mr. Stack would not;'buit Keenan comding up with an axe' led him to:change his re solve, and, half dragged, he managed: to dismount. He was next searched- and £300 5s. taken from Ihim. The bush rangerasthen ordered him into the-biush, and, after some dispute and tltreats to shoot, hie weont? and waiss tied hanid and foot near his horse, whicih was "alsd6iied up 100 yards from hiin. Th'l'l scoutmn drels then decamped ;but iin quarter of an hour afterwards Mr Stack managed to untie himself, and: mounting his horse, i followed his assailants till he lost eight of the"in'iisi?oemr icriedai. He went into tire 'Blue- Mountaii -rush ahnd told dfhis liiss. Luckily, Mr. Kirk, a storekeeper, .recognized the ment by description anrid eacl raus th'eiiformafisn they were enabled to give theie police, that on Tutesday itight Detectives Black and Williams managed to -arr$st their men. Tlte ideintifleantioi wnisnoon complete, both on the part of Mr. Stack and Mr. Kirk; a mmn named Cummina also admitted that he Ihad been induced by Keenan and Cain to join in their at tempt, hut had abandoned it before ii came off. The defence set np wase, thit there was a mistake in the identity ;but after the judge's esumining up/, .he jnry hardly Ihesitated a second in returinig an verdict of " Guilty." Sentence was post.. poned. . . T'he Criminal Seasions' ofrthe Supreme Court were continued on Thursday before Mr. Juatice Molesvorth.i" The principal event lof tie day was pnqlntr senteoce upon Keenan and Cain; thie Isuelhranigers, who hald Ieen convicted on tile previous day. Tlhey said nothing in arrest of jndgenmeot, and iris Honour, after' dwel ling upon the fact that they Ihad both eoonr previously convicted, sentenced iKeenan tor ten years' hIardl labour on tihe roadls, thie two first years inl irons, andl Cain to eight years, hard labour on the roads, thie flest year in ironaa. 1[o re markedl that hlie was innducedl to pass so light a sentetnce because thie prisoners in their treatment of thiir victim (hr. Stack) hrld not taken hilir so frr into tile Ibushi that hie might perchrinc have been left to starve to death. T'ie remainder of tire ciases were unimruportant. The Prince de Windiscllgratz, quite a youngnman, has been murdered in his bed c by his servant. The occurrence took. place in Paris. A RoYAL CoJsrostron.- According to ancient usage in Prussia, all the Princes of a Royal family must learn a trade. The Prince Frederick William, I married to the Princess Royal of Eng- r land, learned the trade of a componsitor, c at the office of Mr. IHunel, at Berlin. Not only was the reporters' gallery crowded by visitors (writes the Mel bourne correspondent of the Star), but that portion of the Council Chamber set I apart for members of the Legislative t Assembly was also invaded by the out- I side goths and vandals on Friday, to ( view the pageantry ind ceremony of proroguing Parliament. An anmusing incident arose out of this. A member finding his seat occupied by a rather i ponderous gentleman, very like a parson, directed the attentiun of the new usher c (Mr. Le Souef) to the intruder, who a when beckoned to retire cahnly shook I his head, and seemed placidly content with his situation, quite satisfied that it i was impossible to turn him out and dis- c turb the House. However the member, c who isa bit of a wag, had his revenge, for when his portly foe rose to his feet s to get a better view of the proceedings, + his hat was dexterously placed on his seat by the watchful and wrathful memn- ( ber whose place he occupied, and the t rev. gentleman discovered that on sitting I down again he had made a pancake of I his own "bell-topper." Another inci dent was the difficulty in obtaining at quorum to accompany the Speaker, and t it is yet doubtful whether there were I more than nineteen members present t after all. It appears that the charms of t the ladies, who occupied the principal t seats in the galleries, had attracted a great many members from their allegi iace to the speaker. FEARFUL ENCOUN'TER IS A. RAILWAY CAnRIAGE.-On Friday last a munrierous 1 assault was made in a railway carriage on the Lailon and North- Western line by Mr Michael Lyons, National School t teacher, of Bampiark, Ballymascallan, near Dundalk, upoun two fellow passen- 1 gers. The assailant had taken a return excursion ticket torn month from Ireland to London. As the 9.15 express train was about to start from Liverpool to Lood n he, Mr. Peter NM'Lean, and iMr James Worland, of Plaistow, Essex, en tered a second-class carraige, in which there was previously an elderly lady. After the train had started, the prisoner who had a large carpet bag, placed him self close by the window. He was heard to say something incoherently, but al most in a menacing sort of a way. Mr Worland and Mr M'Lean, who were coan. versing, looked towards him, as did also the lady, who was seated 'near the window.un the opposite side of the car raigue.i The prisoner, however, sat do.wn quietly,, and continued so until after the tr.,it hid passed the Bletcl:ey station. Then'he suddenly jumped up. from his seati and, wuith a. large open clsapkntife in his himil, r;shed Mt Mr W-orland, and stabbed him. in tlie: forehead,;'causing a most .frightful iw.vihnd.': H .his is. the act of striking aiiother blows htiMr Wor land,' whetir M' M' LeTi ino lked bliinm'~ ck on to thet seaidt This li'ad tlite' fli'ct of infuriatitius him th mlird.: ? . ` stihited to his feet.~ and wsi lou' t'.toril03 another` blw ait Mri Wuoriid, ~ilids"i'fi M.iLean seized' lii by tie thiroat, cid cliutched ithe` knife in'( hisc', riglit hanud. A;rfearful struggle ensued, soinl l'the piri sonicr drew"lh' weepa ,n throughi Ii s;:anti gonit's hand;, cuttirg sorie of tlie filgers to the bohe. 'Mir Worland ithl'niall' this time had not been idle, although sh!ock ingly wounded, and weak from' loss of blood, managetd to get behind: tihe pri. s?,ner and throw him down. The lady in the oinnpirtunent, after srrnamino for assistance for some time, fainted away. Thlie istruggle must have been a desperate on-e, for the prisoner, who was shouting loIdidly, endeavoured to rise ciid asliake the twoe gentlemen off, at the same time strikitg and stabbing, both of tlhem. For tunately.the oil lamp in:the carriage was alight, and this enabled Mr Worlhand and Mr B' Lean to wrest :the kliifeaoiut of the prisoner's hand, and: to keep him I ddwn till they arriveil t. Camden-town i station, When the ticket.collector;: en-. tered:thae chrriage lie saw the, wounded t men. covered sitsh blood hodlihitigte pri- I soeer. i Tli iles, seiite, ;viiidoss, floors, an: every place in ithe carriage were co-. vered'with flinger Imirks... Prisoner" wass at once con?iyed to :the'stautio;s lie'r?1i I made a statement to :the effect, that he believed tih:two gentldmen"sdh: i e?s, ire with him to bs tlieves, l who'initidel'lto I rob him. He saw them talking to one t another, and, making imoioi'tios. towhivds Ib him, and he thought he coioild dt';do 1 better tuin defenol hiiiilslf, if onljh 'fiii' his dearlittle oncsata hlinde: MiM'Liin's liand is frightfuly 'oiut,;"ni'lhi id l osa seriously injuired in . othler> parit f fhlife'h bbody. Mr \Yorland has been danger- I oilsly wounded,:as stated'in tlie mediduil I certiflcate- which appeiti;"iih thel Mhrl-. elooiide police. report of this: dy.. The I prisoi~or .as since been taketilelfore Mr Lowsndes, on. of thle miaiitrates at Blethl!ey, and remandedon the deposition of Mr Macleaon until Tlhursday next He volunteered no statement in reply to th9' charge, and was thentalcen to the county goal.. On searching tile prison or's carpet bag n prize medal wvas fliund awardedl to him by the Society of Arts, behides various books and papers, and he states that hoie came up from Dudalkl to be examnined as a schoolmaster at. the fortheomiltig exaisiaintion at Burlington hoiuse. The pslice antihlrities are in cinmmniniention.iwith thoeo at Duisdalk by telegrapliand post to ascertain the truth of the prisoner's statements oand. antece lodents.. 'He 'is supposed to bo insano. Yesterday Mir Woriland wasso far con. valeseent as to be able to proceed to his residlonco at Victoria-dock road. It may be mentioned that tile train, being au express train, does not stop at the in teromedliato statiolns betweon Bletchley Junction anti Canlen, a distance of be. twecen 40 aud l 50 miles, and there being no uncelns of conlumnuication between the piassengers and giartids, information of tie occlurence conld only be malde knwin oni tle arrival of the train at the Camiden station.--limes, 20thl July. The Field announces the retirement of Earl Derby from the turf. DiscoVERY OF A SAND-IONEDDEDDED Tows Is FRANCE.-A. singular dis- r envery, it is said, has been made on the i French coast, pear the mouth of the Garonne. A town has been discovered buried in the sand, and a church has already been extracted from it. Its I original plan shows it to have been built near the close of the Roman empire. The original paintings, its sculptured choir and capitals, are adorned with pro fuse ornaments, which are attracting a large number of visitors. This is all that remains of those cities described by Pliny and Strobo, although the gulf of Gascony abounds in ruins of ancient cities. " A rather singular scene," says the Alaryborough l Advertiser, "was witneessed in the main street of Majorca, one dlay last week. Two rival gold brokers, I carrying on businessat no great distance apart, had heard curious rumours res pecting each other, in fact, one of them, A, it is said, hadl been endeavouring to induce the carters to persuade their customers to bring all their gold to him, and hlie would allow a commission of threepento per ounce on all purchases so made. B having heard this, immie ldiately announced that he would give £3 19s Od for the gold (an advance of 6d per ounce on the market rate). Not to be outdone, A offered £4 for the same. Finding how matters were going, B thought, in the plentitode of his wisdom, that it would be better to ar range matters, and, with this view, paid a visit to A. After some remarks about things in general, the subject matter of the visit was brought forward, when a f rather angry discussion ensued, in the I course of which B called A 'a gentle r man,' upon which A delivered a right hlander on the os .frontis, drawing copious streams of ' claret,' and cansin,. what surgeons term extravasation of r blood around the eyes. B made his exit quickly, after having his wounds washedl by the good lady of the house. It is I said an action for assault will soon be brought in our Police Court, when the new court louse is completed." Employers of labor are " earnestly requested" to do what they can to pro video occupation for the inmigrants awaiting engaoemnent at the depot in r Melbourne. The list shows about thirty different avocations amongst some eighty i men-many of these, we apprehend, will be found unavailable at present in this country. From inquiries at the depot, we learn that there are upwards l of two hundred immigrants remaining \- undistribnted,-of the Lancashire opera r tives .and others forwarded tnder Mr. WKnight's auspices. The statistics of e these Lancashire importations are the a following :-By the Queen of the South, 20 married couples, with 14 children, a and six infants, and 1 single male were e received. The Sourtlhern Ocean brought I. 50.married couples, 50 children, 4 a infants, .4 single:. men, and 2 single e females. The former vessel reached the 1 port about 12th Angust, the latter on a. the 24th. Of the entire number received a Intthe depot, six, couples ,Ihve gone into hilred 'service, and four couples have left k ontheir own account, leaving, as will be ý seen, a large number still in receipt of I Government rations and aceomnnodation. 3 As an inducemetitto parties up- country, who may require servants, the Govern I ment have decidqd to convey free, by railway, any of these immigrants to their \- destination, provided it lies on the lines We 'need hardly :add that many of tihe s immigrants themselves are growing ir s patient, as they left England with timhe expectatioin that the demand for labor f was so urgent thnai they would be almost immediately engaged on landing. 'For, a long time past it has been sus pected that numbers of cattle suffering from pleuro.pneunionia have been slaugh tered at the Melbourne abattoirs, and the carcases sold fir food In the city and sunburbs.. This suspicion appears to be Stono well grounded, as is shown from the evidence given by the superintendent of the abattoirs, Mr Maihnel, before the l Pleur6-pneunmonila Commission. The Victorian Farme?s' Jo3ornal, which has r been publishinig a digest of the proceed. ings, says:--" ilr H. W. Mannel gave evidlence chiefly with regard ,to the slaughtering of diseased cattle for food from.whhicu we learn that it does nlot come within his duty to prevent diseased cattle being slaughltered, but he would ' report' upon them if their flesh: were to be sent out for sale. Has seen, anii iasle suffering, &c;, but didl not report. Considered the flesh of many as unfit for fiod. The flesh of all such was sent to tlie oipper to bhe Ioiled down. Haisseei? the careases of some beasts infested with hiiug disease sent out for sale; has: per irnitted themi t6o go. .I did so on'ilio greinid that the meat was whslesome, and sanl I as I wvould have eaten myself. I' most cases of disease have exasninedl the Inhige. Has eaten, in corninon with his family, bf animalns whose lngs were :affict'ed -si "fiiatt'tiny aniiniials slugh. tereul are affected with lung 'disease as far as adhesion to tile rib is i concerned. Mh y'snpervision is sufficient to pirevent iilhealtliy cattle being slaughltered for food. \\\'itlhin tile Ilst three months hlas seen nothing of the disonsE, with thie ex. caption, perhaps, of an ols cow brsught in to be slanghtered for her skin." * I * * "Kept no account of the different cases kItilledl, but with few ex Sceptions all cattle slanughtered in Sep Stember, October and Novelber were fit a for Iunman fiotl. Out ofone mobl whlich came in, 200 were hIoiled dsuwn as unlit Sfor fiood, thls remsainler were olhl antl Sconsumed, snd [ have heard of ino badl 1effects therefrom." * ;: * u I have seen lungs, apparently sound,swlhen cut with a knife, full of matter. These beasts were in good condition. In such ceases considered tihe flesh fit for food.," We thinki there ar'' lut few vlwho will ibe of !ir Mannuel's opinion, that tile flesh of diseased animalls is fit for lhuman flod. A few daysy since we gave anl extract from a consstry paper containing an ac-. count of a dlog that had been polisoned bIy eating tihe flesh of a cow, killed be cause it was seffering from the disease, and there can be no doubt but that such mIeat is unwholesome in thie highest degree. At Guildhall, all the wine at the Prince's table is stated to have cost 38s. per bottle, although that is not so re markable when one hears of port fetch ing thirty-two guineas per dozeh at a II recent sale, AcTRESSes ESon.nOED.-Iiss Lavinia Fenton has not been the only lady who has been led to the peerage by her per formance of Polly Peacham. Other re.. presentatives of the character have been similarly honored. Lard Thurlow, the E sou of the chancellor of that naue, who succeeded to his father's title on 12th I September, 1S86, was married to Miss t Bolton, of Covent Garden Theatre, on 13th November, 1813; and the famn-,us Miss Stephens, of the same theatre, is now the Dowager Countess of Essex. And to say nothing of other examples, the 12th Earl of Derby married Miss Farreo, and the late Lord Craven married Miss L uisa Brunton.- Once a Week. 'The Alrqus remarks-It seems that there are receivers in Western Australia fir property stolen in this and perhaps in the neighbouring colonies. \Ve ind the following in tile Perth Inquirer of the 25th ult :-" Information having been received from Melbourne that certain articles stolen in th"et town hadI been forwarded to this colony, search was made by the police, and property, consisting principally of gold and silver watches, corresponding with the descrip tions contained in the list forwarded from Victoria, were found on the pre mises oat a man named hMarshall, in Free mantle Marshall has been brought before the magistrates and remanded. TIne FaEsco AnRtr I hMlExICO. We read in the Mloniteur:-" The pro longation of the military operations before Puebla and the resistance our troops encounter, excite the ipu'lic, Con fidence in a rapid success having been great, the impatience felt is all the stronger upon seeing the expeditionary corps triumph over the unexpected oh stacles against which the couranee of the sohliers and the skill and devotion of the leaders contend so energetically. To these preoccupations are naturally added the qiestion of supplies of food and ammunition, which have always, how ever, been ensured sufficiently for all requirements. Thus at the date of the last official news, the 19th of April, the troops before Puebla were provided for fifty days with rations, the renewal of which was effected easily. Moreover, a reserve of three millions of comple:e rations, corresponding with a period of three months for the entire expedi tionary corps, was concentrated at Vera Cruz. As to the ammunition of the in fantry and artillery, successively shipped and added to that taken by the various detachments of the expeditionary corps, they consist-to mention only the prin cipal items--of 12,800,000 infantry car tridges, or an average of 600 cartridges per matn; 42,348 rifled cannon shot, or 675 for every piece de montague, 120 for every field piece, 1,023 for every reserve gun, 1,000 for every siege gun. To these supplies, anti to the re I sulrces of cannons, powder, and ammo nition found at Vera Criz or furnished t by the navy, will soon be added one million cartridges, 19,800 rifled cannon f balls, 9,000 shells, and 55,000 kilo granimes of powder, which are at pre sent being sent from tihe orts of St. Nazaire and Toulon. With the twofold object of maintaining the supplies of all kind on a level with the consumption, the Minister of Marine organised from the month of Marcl, independently of the monthly departures from St. Nazaire by tile transatlantic steamers, a line of vessels sailing on the 23rd of every month, either from Toulon or Cherbourg, for Vera Cruz, and which bring back on their return the mien whose wounds or whose enfeebled health render chanige of air and the attention of the mother country necessary." 