THE WATER-BABIES.* THE latest fancy of sec timen talísts is what tbey call " tho^child-heart.'* It means that grown-up persons amuse themselves with thinking "how nearly like children they can feel, and it is supposed that there is something morally and artistically good in tho process. Like all senti* mental fancies, or almoBt ' all, it is based on a roaiiiy. It is quite true that many of th 3 qualities which are most conspicuous in a child remain in tho perfect character of the adult, and it is also true that there is great plcasuro in recalling the scenes and again perusing the stories with which we wcro familiar in childhood. It \s also delightful to witness a grown-up, busy, and per- haps distinguished man, who sports naturally and freely with children, whom children under- stand, and who is as innocent and gay as they are. When these things como in the regular course of things, they are excellent; but the admirers of the " child-heart" wish them to be re- produced by every patterp person, and set them- selves to bo infantine, joyous, and unconscious. Theoretically, .we cannot law down any rule for knowing whether any particular individual ia of a young and ftvsh mind, but practically we know in a minuto whether the child-theart was made or grew. The oonsciou3 imitation of un- consciousness, the galvanised love for puerile talcs, tho hot-house interest in fairies and ! ghosts are easily recognisable whon they como [ before us. And it ought to be' said that the i people who amuse themselves with getting up j the child- heart and demanding it in others are, i for the moat part, capital creatures in their way, »nd if they are not free from affectation, ara often Rood, and pootical and literary, It woull be very unfair to say that Mr. Kingsley has joined their number. He is too clever and too original a writer to go in for anything quite so near the region of platitudes, but he goes in some measure over their ground. If he were stupid, and had not lived a good deal in tho world, ho might write exactly as tho fanciers of the child-heart would desire, Tho Water-Babies is an attempt to writo a child's story really for grown-up people, but nominally for children ; and this is tho sort of performance whioh-is dearest to those who are made sentimental by a fantastic lilting for an artificial childhood. It is a tale which has brought its author to the verge of a domain occupied by a school of writers far > inferior to himself, and this attompt to writo stories for grown-up children appears to us ' altogether a mistake ; but then Mr. Kingsley bas powers which mike even his mistakes ; sucoessee. ' - Althougb, however, grown-up people may be amused with some parts of the volume, and may comprehend how much knowledge and what a great power oí writing it required to write it, yet wo may doubt whether the_ Water-Babies is a book to give much ploasure or much instruc- tion to children. The fact is that children, of all people, caro least for the child heart They do not want stories to bo written Ostentatiously for thom. They like stories about children in ordinary life, who do things they understand, and whose small troubles or glories they can fancy their own; or else tbey Uko stories of straightforward adventure, in which grown-up people behave as grown-up people can be imagined to behave, and suffer and do wonderful things. But a child would see very few of the merits of Mr. Kingsloy'a story, and could not easily bring himself to caro for what must seem to him con- fused extravagances. A large part of the tala is exactly like a pantomime, and though a child might be pleased to see the Water-Babies aotcd, rind would then think it good fun to look at tho Shiny Wall, and the nation of Doasyoulikes, and the Fairies, Mrs. Doasyouwouldbedoneby, and Mrs. Bedonobyasyoudid, yot it is rather dreary and puzzling to read about them. Advonturo oeasos to' have tho interest of adventure whan it Hes out 'of tho region of possibility, and when there is no apparent continuity or purpose in the under I taking. Mr. Kingsley's Water- baby goes an expedition to tho Othor-end-of-Nowhero, and sees Mother Caroy and the country of the Busy-bodies, and the last of tho Gair fowl, and heaps of othor wonders ; bat all the fun and point lies, not in tho adventures, but in tho opportunities for writing about grown-up people's things which Mr. Kingsley gets out of the creation of his fanoy. Take, for example, tho following desorption of one of, the places which the Water-baby visits : There Blonds thc Pantheon ot the Greet Unsaoeesofnl, from (ho builders rf the To wer of Bibel to those of the TrofJgnr Fountains ; In whiob politicians koturoon the Constitution» which ought to havo awrabud, conspirators on tho revolutions wbioh ont to have succeeded, ooono. mistB on tho schemes which ouglt to hove ninde every one's fortnno, ptcjcotorB on the discoveries willoh ought to have Bot tbs 'l'humes ou fire j and (In duo tim«) proBidonts on tho union willoh ought to havo reunitedt and secretaries of state on the groopbnoka whiob ought to hivo ¿ono juBtnB WJII OB hard money. There oobblera ' leoline on orthopody (whot soever that m ny bo) beontise theyoonnot sell their ehren; and poe's on Ai tthettoB (whntBOtver that m»y be) brotuso thFy cannot nell fiolr poetry. Thero philosophera do mooBtrote tb ot England would ba tho freest nnd tloheat oouutry it. the world, if eh o would only tarn papist ngnin ; penny-a-liners nbnee the Tlmet, beonuse tn ey hnvo not wit enough to {.o' on ita etntf; and young ladioB walk nbout with lookota of Oharlenl.'a bair (or of some body oise's, when the Jon's genuino ntrok in unod np)/ lancrlbod with Ibo noat and opproprlato legmd-nhioh, indeed, ia popular tbroußb all that land, r>r.d whlob, I hope, you will learn to translate in due time, and to porpsnd JIUOWIBO " Viotrlz canin diia plaoait, ead vista pnalin." This certainly was not written, for tho little boy. to whom it was nominally addressed. Ho cnn Bcarcoly yet be oxpootedto onjoy the sly digs and pokes at President Lincoln, and Mr. Ohaso, and M. do Montalcmbort. Land-babies must bo a vory ndd sort of children if thoy catch tho fun of comparing tho causo/ of Charlos I. with tho cause of Onto. Wo may doubt, too, whether the morality of the book is likely to bo vory usoful to children. It is of two kinds. In tho first placo Ibero is tho usual pantomimo morality, with one fairy to whip little boys and another to glvo them good things, while, . running under . The Water Halie, a Fairy Tale for Land Babies, B>the QJV. OuurloB Kingsley, London: Macmillan aud Ca. 18u:i. i .this obvious vein, is another and more obscure j layer of instruction. If wo understand it, the main notion of the bcok is that you must do as yuu ought and not aa you like, and it takes a good deal of ingenuity to make-thia a truth that is difficult to embrace. But the Water-baby is so twisted in and about all Boris of scaGsh and slimy marine things, and the machinery by which he is taught is so overwhelming, that there is not much comfort or certainty about the lesson. The other kind of instruction is ono much more easily intelligible and much mure peculiar to Mr. Kingsley. The Water-baby, ?bef jro being a water-baby, bas been a sweep in one of tho northern towns of Eng lind, aud consequently, even in its fishy condition, it retains and exemplifies all the English virtues. . Tom, vre are told, was a brave English boy in his heart, and soho did not in the least feel afraid when he had to dive for s eve a days and nights nuder the sea, nor when ho got to the great boiling cauldron of nature, or to the centre of'creation. Ho took everything quite calmly, because, in a state of pre- existence, ho had lived in England. This is an over- powering way of telling real Snglish boys that they ongttt not to be afraid. Nor are thoso lessons about courage, in any csse, of mush practical use. If a boy Í3 a brave boy, strongly made, with good health and spirits,-and with paron's. who have ' monoy enough to lot him indulge in every kind of out-of-door exer- cise* he fancies, he will neither be reassured nor intimidated by hearing of a Water- baby who was not afraid to go under the Shiny Wall. But nothing could be less calculated to stimu- late a sluggish child or to enoourage a timid ono than the recital of adventures'on so monstrous and incomprehensible a scale Exceptional children who have been sedulously brought up to the sort of thing may bo amused by the Water-Babies, and be made botter by a desire to imitato . the virtues of this marine sweep, but they must havo been very much in tho way of hoaring about and pro fitiog by such stories to get any bene- fit from this volume. . Ordinary children would make very little of it, and a child's book not suited for ordinary children is a production dear to tho lovers of the " child-heart," but otherwise a mistake. This does not, therefore, seem to us a very favourable specimen of Mr. Kinnsley's writing ; but when we have once got over tho design, and look et tho book as written for grown up people and not for children, we can find plenty in it to admire. Mr. Kingsley is ono of those authors who make their readers like them, and even those fancies or predilections which amuse us in him also attach us ; and, as BO often happens, it is chiefly his imitators and not himself who carry his hobbies to a point whero we begin to loss all pleasure in them. To have written this book is what very few mon could have attempted with the slightest BUCCOSS. It is fuil of imagination, of clever shrewd obser- vation, of picturesque fancy, and of graphic nar- rativo. It has evidently boen a great enjoyment to its author to compose it, and his readers aro mada to share his pleasure. Chiefly wo admire in it tho.,dexlerity and the poetical feeling with which the physical-science part of tho story ÍB managed. : No,part seems to U3 equal to that in which tho life of the Water-baby is describi d \¿hilo it is yot in its infancy and lives in a little freshwater stream. The whole cpnoeption of the life of tue inhabitants of a olretun being watched, by a being like them- selves, and yet like a mau, is new and happy. We have often had fishes and worms talking in fables like men, and we have lind fairies .taking tho shape of fishes or birds ;.but the creation of a being farmed like a water-iusoct, but having the mental status of a boy becauso it has boen a boy in a preceding stage,, is a conception thc originality of which is much" to Mr. Kingsley's credit. Then the wonders of creation which this Walor-baby sses in tho stream whoa it is bom aro . described with that ! enthusiasm, that absence of perplexing details, that subordination of scientific knowledge' to a perception of artistic effeot, which make Mr. Kingsley almost unrivalled as a popular writer on natural history. Hip mind is really olivo to tho marvels of tho physical world, and especially to what aro called the small marvels-to tho astonishing formation, ways, and works of worms, flies, and insects. He feels and oatt ex- press the poetry of those common objects, and this poetry is the best thing that unscientific readers over get by reading about the details of natural history. Actual personal observation is of course better, but a mere accurate description in plain prose tells us very little. Print can only forco ns to attend to tho general results of observation, not to the details, and the gonerul results are best set before us when an appeal is made to the imagination. Wo do not geo bow Bcience could bring before a reader who had not tho advantage of using his own personal observation, a more vivid and instructivo description of tho transformation of the dragon- fly than is given in tho following passage : "- .-0 j---e.- - . Thon lio went on Bulky and lonely, as bo derorvcd to br ;"ond 'ander a bank be saw . very ngly dirty oroutare sitting, about half as big as himself; which had six legs .nd u big stamaoli, and ? mostrid ouloaa bond willi two great eyoa and n foot) jriBt like s dnnkej'c , " Ob," B»id Tom, "yon oro an ugly fellow to bo sato!" and bo bogan mading faoes nt him ; and pnt MB HOBO alose to b)m, and hallooed at bim like a very rndo boy. When, hey presto I all tbe thing's donkoy.laoo aame off in a moment, and ont popped B lon« arm with a pair of pinoors at tba end of it, and caught Tom by the nose. It dii not bart him mnoh ; but it held bim quite tight. " Yah, ah I Ob, let me go 1" oiled Tom. "Then lot me go said tho areaturo. "I want to ba quiet, I want to' spilt," . Tom ptomiBod to let bira BIODP, and he let go " Why do you want totplit r" said Tom. "Because my brothers and.Bietern linva all spilt, ond tornad into bntniilul.oroatureB wltb wingB i end I Want to split too. Don't apeak to me. I am Boro 1 Bhall split. IwiltBpllt." Tom Btood still, and watohed bim, And he swolled blmBolf end puffiid, and stretched himself out stiff, and at last-oriiok,puff, bang-be opened all down bia buck, and then np to the top of bis hood. And. oat of his incida asmo the moat slender,'elegant, Bolt oroature, as eolt and smoo'h os TOLD, bat very pale' and weak, . Uko a Uttlu ohild who hn? been ill a long time In a darb room. It moved its legs very, feebly ; and-looked about it half .Boomed, Uko o girl when she goos for tho first limn into a ball-room ; and then it begun walking «lowly up a grass stem to thc top'of the water. Torn waa so astonished that bo naver said a word, but be stared «Hb all bis eyer. And -lie went up to tbo Inp of tho water too, and peeped out to see what would Autl ca the ocoatoto sat la the warm brigit sun, u | wonderful obnoga como over: it, ? lt grew Blrong und ftrm ; Ibo moot lovely oolonrs brgan to show on its body, bino uni) yellow and black, spot« and biia ind ringi ; out odia buck ros» four groat wiogn of bright brown gause, and IIB eyuB grew co largo that they filled all ita hoad and abono like ten thousand diamonds. Tlioro ia also a good allowanoo of fun and humour in tho book, and an honost desire so to uso fun and humour as to make pooplo less afraid of their shadow*, and talco comfort in great religious principles amidst all tho dis- coveries, or fanoied discoveries, of scion tifio people. Mr. Kingsley, when ha wanta toj| bc humorous, imitates Tristram Shandy without the slightest utttuopt at disguise; but tho effect is not unpleasant, and tho; fun is more fresh std perceptible than' might be supposed. Perhaps some of the smuller crtiSces of Sterna are worked a little too hard, and we have strings of odd. words that are slightly un menning and tiresome. But the , following strikes us aa an entertaining,- and good-humoured, and substantially lair quiz on - more than one eminent person known lo every , one : - - Tho nroff asor held very strange theories about «good many things. HQ tad even got np once et the British ' Association, and declared that apes had hippopotamus Hifj^tH in their brains J uni asmen have. Which waa a Büiekiiig thing to eay; tor. if it wero so, what would b oome of the faith, hope, and < bailly of immortal . roi'liuui- ? You rcav think that there are other "j. moro important eiffelencca .bo ween" you and an ape, fuoh as being obie ta 'Pjertk, nnd *mako' " machine?, and know tight from wrong, and coy your proynrs, ond e ther little mullera of that kind, but that ' id it ouild'a faioy, my dear. N-«thing is tobe depended' on but tho great hippopotamus tout. If you h ava a hippopotamus majir in your brain, yon ero no ope, ?. though you had four hands, no feet, and were more apish than the opes cf all aperies. 13ut if a hippopota- ' rans major io evor di?0Dvered'in ono siaglo ape's brain, nothing will save yonr great-^reat.great-gieat-groat.groat. >. groBt. great. great . great - great . grea'er.g'eiteat.grand- ?' tubber from Loving buen en ope too. No, my dear little min; olrraya remember tbat the'one trae, ceitiin, änul, md ull-impcrtant difference between you ond an ' ape is, that you have a hippopotomuB major in your' bruin, mid it baa none: end^ tba', therefore, to, discover ono in ita bruin will be a very, wroog and . dangerous tbing, at whioh' t \ oiy ono will bo very much shocked, aa we may eorposo they wero nt tho professor. ? TbcogB r»ally, after cl), it don'toooîi matter; ¿ooanso ai Iiord D mdreary and others would put it-nobody bat min have J jpaopotatauais in thoir brtÍDB; SO, if a bippo, potnmua wjiu discovered in on upi'd br4n, why it vrould ' ' not bj one, you know, bat something oler. ,'" ?'?'.>.. But itu professor bt.d gone, lata soiry, to nay oven': further than that; for he had read at the British Association ' at Melbourne, Australia, ia tho year 1009, o ptpor, . whioh ousnrod every one who found himself the better ' cr uleor ' for the news, that there were not, never had been, and could not b?, any ration;.!; or bul t l ot lonni b.iogo except men, onjwhero, anywhon, or onyhow; that nymphs,' sityrp, f jans, iuui, dirntfp, trolls, olvoe, gnome«, fdrioe, broome^, nlxiOB, wiliB, hobolds, !o|i.ooliounrp, olarl. o tunes, bsnsbotB, wlll-o'- tbe. wisps, toilets, latins, magotr; *.'.. goblins, afrtte, marida, jiou», ghouls,peris, d?ovs, angele, arohcii(;«lr, imps, bejjicp, or worse, wero nothing at all, ( and pure bosh and wind. And he had to get up very eailyiu tho morning io prov,! thur, and to oat bi» break- ' . fast overnight; but ho did it, nt least to bis cwn nat fr- , f.iotior. Whereon a oertnin great divin*1, and n very . atover divino was ' he, called, bim. o regular Sad- . dabee; an! prolably ha waa quito light. Whereon tho profo.-sur, in roturo; anlled bim a ri gular Pharisee ' , and probably he wt'S qaito rlgnt to -. But, they did not. ((?ai r<.l in tbe lonot; for, wben men uro men of tho C world, hard words tun elf tbem lilio va'rr off o' dnok'a " biak. Si the profossur and tho divino met at dinner, that éveilla», ntid sat together, on tbe scit'a niter warda for an beur, und talked over tho tt&to; offcrn.Ua lafconr on tba r.ntniotia continent (for-iiobtirty tulka «hop efter bia ', o oro!), nnd cooli vowed (hot tho other waa the best.,-' aompanr be ever nut In his lite. What an advaaltge it is lo bi voeu uf the world 1 