THE LIFE AND LETTERS OF WASHINGTON IRVING. (From tlio Examiner,) This second instalmont of tho life of Wash ington Irving comprises tlio period when his literary labours wore most fruitful. Wo find him in tlio autumn of 1820 established in lodgings in Paris, receiving nows of tlio increasing popularity of tlio ' Sketch Book," which rumour asoribed to Walter Seott ; and, besides fame, its not unwclconio accom paniment in tlio Bhnpo of a hundred guineas from John Murray, iu addition to tho terms already agreed upon with tho genorous pub- lishor, who wns at tlio samo timo ongnged in bringing outan English edition of " Knioker booker." 'Though Blow to rccogniie Irviug's merits, Murray was fully alive to tliom uow, aud candidly ncknowlodgcd his mistake. " I am convincod," ho says, " I did not half know yon, and esteeming you as highly a3 I did, certainly my estoom is doubled by my hotter knowledgo of you." This, indeed, was tho oxperience of all Irviug's friends, as their intimacy grow closer. Amongst thoso friends wbb Tom Moore, whoso acquaintance Irving first made at this time, at Maurice's table d'hote, tlio poot being tlion an absontco in Paris, in conseqnanco of his Bermudon difficulties. Lord John Russell wns nlso a visitor to tho French capital just then, nnd togothcr they all three visited tho dungeons of the Conciergerie, wherein Mario Antoinette wob confined. Irving thus desoriboB tho prison:— < " It ia low, nnd arched ; tho walls of prodi gious thickness, lighted dimly by a small window. Tho walls havo boon plastered and altered, and tho whole is fitted up with an air of doconoy ; nothing remains of the old dungeon but tho pavement. In ono part is a monument placed by Louis XVIII., and around the dungeon aro paintings illustrating aomo of the latest prison scenes of lur unhnppy life. Tlio place is shown wliero her bed stood, dirided simply by a screen from tlio rest of the dungeon, in whioh a guurd of soldiers was constantly stationed ; beside this dungeon was tho black hole — lean givo it no bettor term — in which tho Princess Elizabeth was thrust n few hours previous to her 'execution. Never havo 1 felt my heart inciting with pity moro than in beholding this list abodo of wretched, ncss. "What a place for a queen, and such a quoen ! ono brought up so delicately, fostered, admired, adored.'.' | To the list of Irviug's friends wns also addod the name of Cunning, whioh causes Brovoort, his correspondent at New York, to say :-r-"You keep excellent company in Paris. Amcroon Mooro and Mr. Canning ; these aro names that aetono's blood in motion." Canning, no doubt, entertained Irving with brilliant con versation, but Mooro mado him suggestions,' which the nulhor of tho " SkoloU-Book " carried out nftorwnrds in tho 'f Talcs of n Traveller.", At this period, too,.-Trving wns introduced to Talma, by bis fellow-townsman, Howard Payne. Tlio great actor received him in a very friendly way. Of his porsonsl np- pciranco and manner, Irving saya. : — " Talma is about fivo foot ssvon or sovon and a half inches English, ratlior inoliucd to fat; with largo face and neck. His oyc9 ara bluish, and hare a' poculiar oust in llieoi at times. Tlo speaks ' English weil, and is vory frank, animated, and natural in conversation ; a fine hrarty simplicity of manner." , Of Talma's noting in Hamlet, Irving says : — " Though the ghost of Hamlet's father docs notactualiy tread the boards, yot he hovers in idea about his son, and, tho powerful noting of Talma gives' an idea of this portentouB visita tion far more awful and mysterious than oould bo presented by any special representation. The effect of this play 011 tho French audiences it astonishing. Tho doors of the theatre aro besieged at ail early hour on tho evening of. its representation ; tlio houses are crowdod to overflowing ; tlio audience continually pissos from intervals of brcatlilosB nttontion to bursts of ungovernable applause. I have Eccn a lady carried fainting from the boxes, overcome by tho acting of 'Talma in tho scene witii his molhor ; whore ho fancies he sees tho spcctro of his father." At tho close of Juno, 1831, Irving received a second gratuitous contribution of a hundred pounds from Murray, in consequence of the increased success of 1I10 " Sketch Book," which tho " Quarterly," following the "Elinburpli," spoko of in, the liighes. terms of praiso. Not insonsiblo to tho value of a high literary fiat, Irving, replying to ll urray, says, " I liavo not seen the Review, but I doubt whether any oriticism 111 it can bo so emplintio as that in your lettor. You were certainly intended for a oritlo. I . never kn'.w nny ono convoy as mueli meaning in so coneiso and agreeable a manner." This supply oamo opportunely, lor Irving was meditating an excursion to Brussels, but on tlio receipt of 'the unexpected money ho ohanged his purposo and started for London, in a hurry to witness the coronation of George tho Fourth. Irving found London "terribly dull and- monotonous after Paris," but ho was obliged to put up with it, being detained by Howard Payne'o affairs and his own. He, however, mado an excursion wiili Leslie to Birmingham, aud tho journey must liavo keen a pleasant one, for out. of it camo the picture of tlio "Stout Gentleman," thabest ofliis humourous sketches. Tlio idea given by Leslie, after a wet Sunday at Oxford, Irving workedit up with the greatest rapidity, " often laughing to himself." as is tho wont of authors whon tioklcd by their own .productions. . . . Health and spirits improved with (he opening of 1822, whon lie mado a contract with Murray for tlio publica tion in.England of " Braoobridgo Hall" : — " When the author oamo.up from Birming ham to London with tlio MS. of 1 Bracebridgo Hall,' Colburn called on him, introduced by Campbell, the poet, ond offered him a thousand guineas for it, but ho would not entertain a proposition to icavo Murray. Tlio latter had boon very anxious to havo something from him as tho season wns advancing, and whon Mr. Irving went to him, nt the instance of his friends, who probably know his too easy acquiosconce in any sum that might bo offered, I10 was induced to namo his own price, which was fifteen hundred guineas. This staggered Murray, who, aftor a moment's hesitation, began ; 1 If you had said a thousand guineas ,' 'You shall, havo it for a thousand guineas,' said Mr. Irving, breaking in. Murray was taken back by this. Ho had probably been prepared to divido tho difference and go tlio length of twclvo hundred and fifty guineas. When ho found Mr. Irving respond so promptly to tlio lessor Bum, ho sat down at onco, and drew out the notes for tho nmount, ond gavo tliom to Irm, although he did not rcceivo the manuscript until nearly two weeks afterwards. He also threw in a hnndsoma donation of books, which the author acnt to his sister at Birmingham." Irving never benefitted by his works witliont giving a part of his gains to thoso of his family who stood in need of help, and im mediately ho concludod tho bargain with Murray, ho sent two hundred pounds to his brother Pctor, who was associated with him in an unlucky steamboat enterprise. As tho summer advanced, Irving's complaint — swelling nnd irritation of tlio ankles — got bettor, ond lio mixed a good deal in gay ond fashionable eocicty, making amongst other acquaintances that of Mrs. Siddons, of whom ho says, " Slio is now near sovonty, and yet a mognifieont-looking woman. It is surprising how littlo tiino lies beon ablo to impair tbo dignity of her rnrringo, or tlio noblo expression upon her csuntor.anco. I heard lior read tho part of Constnnco at her own houso ono cvon- ing, and I think it tlio greatest dramatio hint I had for a long tiino past." A fow dnys after writing thoso linos lie met tlio peot Rogers nt Lord Spencer's at Wimbledon. Irving at this timo was besot with invitations from pooplo of whom ho know nothing, nnd Rogers gavo him somo good ndvice, " Show mo," lio said, your list of invitations, and let ino give you a hint or two. This accept — that decline — this man avoid by all means," nnd so forth, and by thosa hints appirrntly Irving profited. Wliilo a guest at Wimbledon an amusing incident occurred : — "Ho was rending, as was his custom through life, in bod. Ilis door suddenly opened cau tiously, ond in 9tnlkcd a grim apparition in tho Bhnpo of n man with a lantern, who quietly walked up to his light, nnd, with somo muttered eontenco which escaped him, extinguished it, nnd then walked out, shutting the door after him, and leaving Geoffrey in a mozo at tlio mystorious intrusion. Lady Sponcer laughed heartily when I10 inontionod" tlio incident noxt morning at breakfast. ' Oh,' snid she, ' that was my fireman ; wo onco lost a oountry seat by firo, and over sinoo lio linB hnd orders to walk tho corridors nt night, nnd when I10 detects a light from under tlio door, to extin guish it.' " Tito Deop Dene was another place to which Irving wn9 welcomed by its owner, Anastasiua Hopo, and his beautiful wife, and there I10 wroto in the lady's album somo verses which appeared in tho Cornhill Magazine shortly after his death. On leaving this olinrming nnd liospitablo abode, Irving Btartcd for the banks of Aix la Clinpelle, being Btill lame from tlio lingering of his cutaneous complaint. Ho mado n longer slay on tlio continent than ho intondod — seoing many nolablo things, with accounts of which lio filled his lottcrs. Proceeding to Ulm, ho was liousod in " a huge, o'd-fusbiomd Gorman hotel, with long galleries, or corridors, decorated with paintings, portraits and stag's borne, and tlio rooms loekiug out 011 tlio Danube." Munich, with its picture galleries and musical resourcos, greatly plcas d him, and thoro ho had a good view of Etigcno Beaulianmis, tlio stop-Bon of Bonaparte." Sulzburg lio rightly hold to be ono of tlio most romnntic places ho had over scon Vionna ho calls "ouo of tho most per plexing cities " ho was over in — " extensive, irregular, crowded, dusty, dissipated, magnifi cent, and;" to him, " disagreeable." Every thing in it, ho says, " boars the stamp of luxury and ostentation." Of tho mombers of the Imi erial family, with tlio right of whom lio was gratified, tho most interesting was " the young Napoleon, son of poor Boncy." Ho describes Jiim as " a very fino boy, full of lifo and apirit, of moat ongagiog manners and appearance, nnd universally popular. He has something of Bonaparto in tho slmpo of hia lioad and tlio lower part of liis countonnnoo; his oyea aro liko his mother's. At tho thentro lio appeared to enjoy tho play with boyish delight ; and continually turning to speak to his moro phlegmatic uncles, tlio other your.g Princes." "While in Vienna, Irving visited Iho Imperial library,' wliero lib saw the MSS. of Torso's " Giorusalemme,'' and thought lie flaw a similarity between his handwriting and Lord Byron's. Aftor four days' holt at Prague, I10 journeyed on to Dres- don, where ho led a vory gny and happy life, in tho bosom of an Eng.ish family .named Foster, at whoso houso lio joined in private theatricals. - Of tho King and Court of Saxony ho gives this pleasant picture _ " Tlio p'aco wliero I am now passing my timo is a complcto study. Tho court of this littlo kingdom of Saxony is, porhaps, tho most ceremonious and old-fashioned iii Europe, ond ono finds lioro customs nnd observations in full vigour tbat liavo long since fudod awuy in other courts. Tho king is a capital character himself. A complete old gentlemen of the ancient school, and very tenacious 111 keoping up tlio old stylo. He has treated mo with the most murked kindness, and ovory member of tbo royal family lias shown mo groat civility. What would greatly delight you is tlio royal hunting establishment which tho king maintains ut a vast expense boing his hobby. lie has vast forests stocked with game, and a complete forest police, forest mas ter, chnssours, piquors, jagot-s, etc., etc. The charm of tlio thing is, that all this is kept up in tlio old etyle ; anil to go out hunting with him, you milit fancy yourself in ono of thoso soonos of old limes whioh wo road of iii poetry and romance. I liavo followed him thrico .to tlio boar hunt. 'Tlio last limo wo had extremely good sport. The boar gavo us a ciiaso of upwards of two hours, and was not over powered until it had killed ono dog, and des perately wounded several others. It was a very cold winter day, with much Bnow on tlio ground ; but as tho hunting was in a thick . p'na forest and tho day was sunny, wo did not feel tho cold. Tlio king and nil his hunting rctinuo wore clad .in nn old-fashioned hunting uniform of green, with green caps. Tho sight of tho old monarch and his rctinuo gnlloping through tho alloys of tlio forest, tho jngnrs dashing Bingly about in all directions, cheoring tlio hounds : tlio shouts, the blast of horns, tho cry of hounds ringing through the forest, — altogether made ono of the most animating sc:no9 I ovor boheld," After revisiting Prague, ha returned to Dresden, nnd then finally took his departure for Pari". Here is su extract from bis diary at Ih ' oloso of 1823 : — "4th Decomber. — Kennoy brenkfaBtod with mo — much talk nbout the theatres — incredible tlio rivalships and feuds between the actors — Kean is impatient of having any 0110 in tho same piece that lias n good part — asked Ellis- ton lust season — ' now long, sir, am I to act with that d — d Joiuit, Young ?' — Konncy told Btory of ' young empty officer who brought nco'iunts of baltlo of Water loo —invited to Holland House — in great spirits, imagining ho should mako his way famously by giving account of the battle — talked largely at table — Lady Holland, as Luttrcll said, kept eyeing liirn with a look tlmt soemod to say, ' I'll bo d if you are ever in this liouso again.'" A littlo l iter another passogo tells of his hnving a very pleasant dinner at tho house of General Airey, who to'd a good story of an Irishman who asked nno'dior why ho did not go to eoiro publio amusement. " Why, my wife has boon dead but a month." " Woll, what of that," rejoined his friend, " slio'll novor bo deodor." Irving was nt this time projecting a second " Skotoh Book," but a short timo after, in March, 1S24, ho abandonod tlio idea, and tried to bargain with Murray for tho " Talcs of a 'Travel er," of which he says : — "Your offer of twelve hundred guineas without seeing tho MS. is, I confess, a liberal ono, and mads in yoar own gentleman-like manner, but I would rather you would seo the MS. and maka it fifteen hundred. Don't think me greedy after money ; but in fact I liavo need of all I can get just now, as I can do five pounds' worth of good with every pound I can Bpave, and sinco the world won't lot ma livo as I plcaso, I find it vory expensive to live with tho world." Two months afterwards I Irving took tlio MS. to England, and Murray agreed to his terms without seeing the MS., "arranging the business in two minutes." In England, lie renewed his old friendships, Wil - liam Spencer, Rogers, nnd Moore being bis frequent companions. Ho whom Byron sa tirised as " the bard, tho beau, tho banker," gave him til's entertainment':— ' " Dined with Rogers tele a fefs— he \rai very critical and censorious on Mooro and others — told a good s'ory of tlio French Abbes : bsfore tho French Revolution, - at the he uses of tho principal noblemen, there would bo a plito left for some obanco Abbo, and the first that arrived took it. About dinner timo : you would seo tho Abbes illegible picking their way from' tho top of ono stono to unother, ringing or rapping at tho porte-cochere, and ; inquiring y a t-il do place ! Won Monsieur tlion lie would tillup onward-. On ono occa sion, nt tho commoncomont of tlio Revolution tlioro was a party dining ; tho cart wont by car rying criminals to tho guillotine — all tho com pany ran to tho windows; tlio Abbo, being a short man, tried to peep on tiptoe, but in vo-n, so ho wont down to tho parte cochiere. As tho vehicle went by, ono of tlio victims who know tho Abbo bowed to him ; tlio Abbe returned tlio salutation. 'What! you are lii» friend— you aro ono of them — nway with liirn ! Tlio poor Abbo woe lioistod into tlio cart and hurried to tlio guillotine. Tlio company having satisfied tlioir curiosity, returned to the table ; tho Abbo's place was vacnnt. ' Mais ou est M. VAbbc V Alas, tlio poor Abbo was already headless." 801110 odvorso oriticism on tho " Tales of a Traveller" greatly depressed him, but helped to turn his thoughts in n direction wliero ho nflorwards found increase of fnmo. On tho ftii of February, 1825, his diary runs "A good night — mind excited — thinking ovor profit of an American work — Spanish lesson — ." Again — "Fob. 14. Studied Spanish all the morning," and tho samo entry appears on sovoral other occasions, Ho was writing American Essays, but thinking of Spain, and to urge him further that way, camo a letter from Mr. Everett, pro posing a translation of " Navaretto's Voyages of Columbus, ' which wcro about to bo published. Irving at first ontertaincd this proposition, and in February, 1826, lie set out for Madrid, but when Navarrete's work ap peared lio found it to consist rather of matorials for history tlinn a history itself, and led him to abnndon tho idea of translation and mako notes for an original life of Columbus. This undertaking ocoupied him closoly for nearly a year and a half, and so hard did lie work, says M. Pierre Irving, tbat " sometimes lio would wiito all day until twelve at night ; in ono instsnco bis noto book shows him to hare written from fivo in tho morning until eight ut night, stopping only for meals." When this groat labour of lore was finished, Murray gavo liirn threo thousand guineas for it. There is much relating to tho society which Irving enjoyed, and tho excursions I10 mado in Spain, but wo cannot afford to quolo further from this volume, which closes with his return, wealthy and full of fame, to liis native country. Wo need hardly add, for our extracts sufficiently show, that there is nothing of high original genius in any o£ Irving's notes, — thero is nothing of that sort, indeed, in any of his finished writings, — but tlirro is much iu the book of tlio half-vigorous smell talk of an ainiablo and clover man, who graced n somewhat higher reputation than his powers juslified. Wo .quolo tho following from Irving's memorandum book: — " Sunday, 30th Moy. — Breakfasted with Rogers, in Company with Newton, Leslie, and l'roctor, tho poet. Rogers said that when Lord Byron and Lady Carolina Lamb quarrelled, Lord Byron told him, when men nnd women fell out, tho ono that keeps tlio ground longest wins. Lady Caroline gave ia two minutes beforo mo. Lady Caroline took all Lord Byron's lotfers, mado a funeral pyro of them, put liis miniature on tlio top, l-.ad a number of young girls to danco round, singing a kind of incantation, and burnt them ; but mark you, tliey were only copies, and what makes tho ridiculousness comploto wns, that there wan no ono present to bo taken in by it but herself, and 1I10 wns in the secret. " Ho said wlicn Lord and Lady Byron sepa rated, Byron told nil his fi-ionds, and Rogers among tlio number, that lio ulono was to blame. "Rogers thinks Murray the" great loser by tho bnrning of tlio MSS., as lio bought a pott obit work not to bo available until tlio death of a man younger than liimsell ; of course lie ran a great lisk ; unovpeotedly tlio death of that person makes tho MSS. available in the oourso of a year, but ho is deprived of his bargain. "Rogers says Moore docs not recolloot tlio MSS., and lio says bo does not bolicvo ho read it ; as while in Paris lio was so continu ally ongaged he had not timo to read even his billet-doux. "Rogers suspected lio himself is handled harshly in tlio Memoir, as Mooro did not how it to liira." Byron had died at Missolonghi in the pre ceding April, and Ilia executors had insisted upon tho destruction of tho memoirs presented to Mooro. Irving, in his diplomatio capacity, attended at tlio presentation of that clover oddity, John Randolph, at the British Court. His nephew gives the following account of the ceremony : — " Mr. M'Lano and Mr. Irving called for him (Randolph) in n carriage, and they found him prepared to accompany them with black coat, and black small clothes, with kneo buckles, white stookings, and shoos with gold buckles, a word, and a little black hat.. They looked wonderingly at hia dress, so likely, with his odd figure, to attraot observation. Ho pointed to bis gold buckles. 'No sham about them. Rundell nnd Bridge, by — - — !' To some observation as to the proprioty of hia dress, ' I wear no man's livery, by 1 ' But, said Mr. Irving, tho object of a court costume is to avoid awkwardness nnd oliallenge ; thero is a convonionco in it; and at all events you don't want n sword. ' Oh now, Irving, as to a sword, you need not pre tend to tench me about (hut; my father woro n Bword before me, by !' Mr. Irving explained tlrat tho sword belonged to a different costume, but was out ofplaco in that, dress. This seemed to strike Randolph, and nnd ho unbuckled his sword afterwards, nnd left it in tho carriego. As ho was about to onlor bis nnto-oliainbor, whero tlio foreign ministers nro in waiting, lie wns, as Mr. Irving" hnd foarcd, stopped by tbo usher. Mr. Irving immediately explained who be was, and lio was permitted to pass. ' There now, Randolph,' snid bo, ' yon sec ono of the inconveniences of boing out of costume.' In tho antechamber, tho foreign ministers eyod him curiously. Admitted to tho presencc-cl.ambor, lio pro cooded Mr. Irving, mado his bow to royalty iu his turn, nnd then passed beforo other members of tho Royal Family. As lio went by tho Dako of Susses, tlio latter beckoned Mr. Irving. ' Irving,' said lie, with bis thumb reversed over his right shoulder, and moving it aigniflcantly up and down, lialf suppressing n laugh nt tho samo timo, ' who's your friend, nokey Pokey?' Mr. Irving, jealous for the honour of his country, replied with emphasis : — ' That, sir, is John Randolph, United States Minister ot Russia, and ono of the most distinguished orators of the United Stales.' "Somo timo afterwards, Mr, Irving was dining with tho Duke of Sussex, and bo in quired after M'Lsne, who had returned to his own country ; then, pursuing his inquiries, lio added with a significant smile, ' and how is our friend Hokey Pokey ?' " Randolph, said Mr. Irving, in concluding these anecdotes, a long, gaunt, thin, poke of a fellow, with no beard, small features, bright eyes, attractod attention wherever ho wont ; ho was qucor, but always wore tho air and stamp of a gentleman." The New Piiimate and the F ituae. Tho o'orgy throughout tlio Arohdoaconry of York nro signing an adr'ross which congratulates Dr. Longlcy on his removal to tho Primacy. A paragraph just published contains good news for tlio friends of church reforms. It is said tlmt several years ago Dr. Longley used tho following sentence in tho course of a contro versy : — "Nothing that I havo advanced on the subject of the Atlianasian creed is, as I , conceive, in tho least degree inconsistent with 1 my joining in tho Bentiment of Tillotson, and \ wishing it removed from our Church service | If I were called upon to give my vote upon the ttbjeot, it would be for its omution." 