EUROPEAN'S : A 8 :,SH,ENr THJftOUOti CHINESE HPjOT A gTfr»€ n===,..^3 To. the -Editor of the Ovens [and Mur r(iy Advertiser. Sir,—It is my misfortune t • be go situated, as to be subject to great an noyance and-heavy kgjes from China-; men, which causes me often to brieathe oat threatemugs; and slaughter against' them. I was so1' engaged tile other morning",when up steps one of the more; intelligent of Celestials, and in broken English enquired, • what far you cail him Chinaman.' In reply to this inter rogator I pointed to the injury I had sustained, when I was immediately answered ' Englishman tell him.' E>i (ertainiDg some doubts, as !0 the truth of this statement, rry feelings found fresh '■ vent, and I began Again to de nounce their dishonesty, duplicity anc1 immorality, while I'Pharisee-like, point ed totheir inferiority. The Chinese are, allowedly n patient race, but I had overtaxed their powers oi endurance, so no longer able io bear my abuse and boast, the Chinatriari;above referred too, was led to enoucce his opinion ot Euro peans, by giving exprsssiori to some thing like the following ideiis. * You !' s^id he contemptuously >' talk about jus tice and honor, when denouncing oui' exclusiveness, you 8f;nt your ships to openrour ports to-your commerce, and our country to your people?, agreeing bv treaty stipulations to do the same for us, but when I catne here, you put-on a heavy tax for the purpose ct proveSuiag our people coming to .this country^ which you had stolen of the black man.' You imposed on us aspeciai tax for;what 'you called a protectioa.ticket, while he referred to 'the1 claims that had been wrested' (rom them", and"the counties* acts of cruelty tp which, ihey have been subjected,'when' repeated Jae.ihdignantly •were we protected unless when we were in. prison; because we could not pay you ! Yea' ] :We were worse off than now, because we did not as much, and as our povarty kept iu :creasing-,you Had to protect too many .of us in gaol, which gave; you too mii'ch; srouble; so you gave up the "tax. You charge us with robbing sluices, and hen-roosts. /Are "all your people honest ? Does noi thecChinaman have to curry his tools home or hide them at night; least some; of , your , countrymen should : find, v them, and , either destroy or, steal .them, as they are •only a otnnaman s, ao you not: , charge him an exorbitant " ;price§ for water,, arid alj.o^ him syj little fail he can Scarcely live.v" JN"ayy'iip• you not sell him claims at outrageous rates, whieli he is ind.uced to'" give from prospects which lie -tries —salted—or doctored-4 and in the hope that you will secu.e him the peaceable possesa;on of the same, iii which, alas! li£ is often deceived- You call, him, JOgue,r-Twhyrypur. all- -rob.-hiin when 'voir1 caii'/ liiid those "of you who profess to ■bevhisi-friends-lea'tl him astray when it seives your purpose, and conn? sehljim t'f.at'yp'u jnay.,b>ji%e^bett,er'j'.aS!e 10 'plunde'r Kim. ^^,amori(Tp6lige every; thing jmd._uy, to. stop,us make andionesi 11 v i'6 gy7i he n;y g u. c a I Kft s t h i e ve s, a 11 h o u g h .you rob us with impunity. -You say we . have no conscience, and sometimes rei • fuse to hear us in court because 'we will notjkiss ,you r:. bopk^uhus hejping .to-'clef stroy thitt principle which restrains.had Chinamen, and offering inducements to good Chinamen to become had. , Aie we not as truthful-as; .you;?;-'•■"■.When you go to law, do not one"- party-swear one thing and the other. thef opposite ? . Cah" we do inore ? You call ua'gamblers) but are you not the same ? Is not t^d farmer when lie sow3 his grain, the merchant when he bujra his goods, ihe speculator when he purchases;.^! 'claimj or the miner when he works^'one^ play-* ingagame.of chance, whj.ch: is well when it ends well. Besides, you" play similar games, and if you wish to! reform us, you should set us a better examplei You tell us to respect yQiirflaws, and punish us w.hea-,we,break,themjuy.etyou do not teach^us your; language, or seek to interpret to us your laws, and al-i though-you punish us who ignorantly bVealc themj-^our- storekeepers- op'eniy! violate them by selling grog, your pub? licans b}' opening their back doors on a Sunday,on"which day,your Sunday, the grog-shops reap-; their harvest, and are not-punished as ive should be for having no busine s jicetise. y^Tou call - us.- im? mora), although w.e are more sobe:^ and in everything eite at least equal to y;)irj. ^oir ;used-to cry-out^-that we,dirtied the water ,;and ,made;thi s-fone ^of your pleas for wanting.us driven off the digj gings, but finding it was i.n admission of our industry you altered your cry], acdbecause we had little to spend yoii called us screws, but now you ivavje Lund out we like good living and speajl freely, so your storekeepers patronise us, and,' notwitbstar.dir.g rour poverty, your I collectors coate " to get "mtmey-qf us^and the -other week obtained: ever five pounds.? Forjhe O'Connell Monu rrfenr, I ejaculated ! - He was silent; and ufy head drooped with shame as I thus soliloquised,: fGan_these'Chinese apprd ciate thy- services in rtlie.causfc of civil and religious liberty ! if not* hoViwas this money obtBined? Wasyi"*' by (mis representation, by fraud, or by intimi dation ? If so, then my prayer is tha'.' thy ghost may appear, and ihy elo quence denounce those who hay- thus outraged thy memory ' Here John again burst forth, contrasting favorably their social polity, tbeblo&y;,ll>riiid mo-, ralifey, the superiority of which he con tended had cemented them so together thst they were enabltd' to boast ofja more dense population and greater an tiquity than any oiher people. I now felt it; was lime to bring our controversy to a close, fearing least, like Coleueo'3 Zulu, he . should convert , me, rather than I him'. In addition towbicb some of his strictures on my religious opin ionswere so severe that, although I was unable to answer tb^m, they appeared to me-blasphemous, *o I bid him good day, and repeated to myself those famou3'liues of Burns',— " 0 wad some power the gifiie gie us, To see ourselves as otb?r£ see us! It wad frae mo ie a blunder free us ' And fool'sh notion." ' TOUCHSTONE Stabley, July 20tb, 1863. 