MISS OBACKENBEÏDGE'S GHOST. Miu CHARLES'DICKENS' las': Christmasex'ra issn« cf AU the Year Round, has the somewhat remark able title of "Somebody's Luggage." An anther whe has'never appeared in print, notwithstanding thc most ardent and persevering attempts, in despaii leaveB bis M.S.S. distributed in and amongst varioui articles of his luggage st an inn. The luggage comes in<o the possession of the Head Waiter, who purchases it from the landlady by paying thc defaulter's bill. He then sends the M.S. to the printers, 'and eBchJnarrative is called after thc particular article of luggage in which it was found, The following is intituled : HIS UMBRELLA. It was not in the spirit of officious gallantry that I put my best foot forward, in order to overtake the lady who was walking a few yards before me, across the large field which adjoins the pretty village of Ivy ton. About the attractive qualities of her face and figure I did not care> a straw, hut she oarriod one potent charm about ber which had for me a fascination wholly irresisti- ble-she carried an umbrella. That the potency of this charm moy be folly appreciated, I ought to state that tho rain was falling in. torrents, and that, although it was early in the year, I was not only without|an umbrella, but was. also destitute of an over-coat : having carelessly left one of those useful habiliments in the railway carriage. The shades of evening were just, deepening into night, and 1 need .not-cxplain-that the sensation~of iteífig' drenched through by a rain which one can scarcely see, IB infinitely more disagreeable than the attack of a shower in broad daylight. To the eye the ap. pearance of rapid y falling rain is rather lively ihm otherwise, and to some extent counteracts the an- noyance ot a wetting. But in being made aware of the presence of moisture by the sense ot feeling alone there is something incalcu'ably dismal and desolate. There was hope in tbat umbrella (a gingham umbrella).' Surely, under the circumstances, I could solicit a share in it without being, deemed ex- tremely rude and impertinent. I stashed my way through the interminable field, and gained upon the figure. Its outline I oould plainly distinguish. It was certainly a female, the dress was of a light colour, and-n.ost important particular-the wearer of the dress carried, ss I have said, a very large umbrella--\ gingham umbrella. Moro I could not ascertain, save that tho object of my pursuit was endowed with. a. less amount of curiosity than is usually asoribed, to the fair sex. "As my feet often glided from tho slippery path, and splashed into the. small puddles by which in many places it was burdened, the noise I made must havo been considerable; and most people are anxious'to know what sort of a person is walking behind them, when they are in a field about nightfall. Such, however, waa not the case with the l»dy before^ me. Armed with her umbrella against the inclemencies of the weather, she seemed regardless of everything .'else.. ? ' As I have said, I giined upon the lady j but even when I was at her side, with my head under her umbrella (£ believe I have already described it as a gingham umbrella), she m&do; no effort to see- mo orjto avoid me. Apparently looking straight before hor, she went on as at first ; and it is worthy of remark, that whereas I marlo a. little sp'ash at almost every Btep, sho semed, to piok her way wi bout difficulty. The few cour- teous words I uttered) did not seem to reach her ear. Perhaps she was doaf ? On this supposition, I gently took the gingham umbrella by the handle, politely intending - to carry it in such a way as to confer upon her tho largest share of its benefits. Phe made no resistance, but let it go at once, and, what was very*.; strange, no sooner was it safely in my grasp, than I found myself alone 1 Yes, no one was beside me ; there I stood, whole and sole mas'er of a gingham um- brella. ? Dressed as she was in light rament, the lady, however rapidly she_ m'ght have run away, ought to have been visible in some direction ; but she was not visible in any direction. How wrong it is to form hasty judgment». Five minutes before, I bad settled in my own mind that the umbrella was the ? engrossing object of the lady's thoughts. Now, I could clearly see that she did not value it to the extent of a singlo clutch. If she had merely wanted 'o be freed from me, she might have gone with the umbrella in her hand for I did not hold it so very tight. Perhaps the umbrella was more objectionable than myself, and she was glad to get rid of it 1 The rain that rat- tled on tho silk seemed anxious to demonstrate tho utter fallaoy of this hypothesis. I felt comfortable enough in the parlour of tho Jolly Navigators, Bip ping my hot glasB cf hoi brandy-and water as a preventive against the ill effects of the welting, smoking my cigar, and idly watohingmy-let mo rather say ríe- umbrella, as it lay open before thorite. The inn was close to the station, and T by no means regretted that at least half-an-honr would elapse before tho arrival of the train that was to convey me back to town. Literally doiDg nothing, I was ready to take an interest in anything, and was not displeased when I oould hear through the open door the few re- marks made by the landlord and the customers at the bar. " Well, this ÍB leap-year," said a gruff voice. " Yes, and more than that," said another voice, exceedingly shrill, and eviden'ly belonging to an old woman, " this is the 29th of Febroary. 1 wonder if she was in the field thia evening ?" ' " Gammon, ' Baid the landlord. "Oh yesj it's all very fine for yob men," urged the shrill voice, " you'll believe nothing but what you can eat and drink and put into your pockets ; but" I tell you she's sure to be in the field about nightfall, on tho 29th of February." " Go along," said tho gruff voice. «' Why I've been through Swampy field over and over again, and I never seed nothing." " Of conrso not," assented the landlord. " Ay, ay," pursued the shrill voioo ; .« bat did you ever go through the field at nightfall, on tho 89th of February? Were you there this evening?" " Well, no ; I can't say I was," replied the gruff voice. "No ; exactly," persisted the shrill old dame. ? " And are you quilo sure you were there at nightfall this day lour year-or the day four year before that?". " Well, I don't want to fay what ain't right aedt straight," replied tho gruff voice, in a somewho discomfited tone. * t-." " And that's the wiseBt thing you'vo said yet¿" replied tho shrill voice reproachfully. ,f,Better; people than you or I'havo.rsëen ghosto 'and been^ ghosts before this, to say nothing of poor M Craokanbridge," Now my moral position, as I listened to 1 above conversation, with my eyes fexed on I umbrella, was far from elevated. I felt at 01 that the " she" of whom the old woman spo could be no other than the mysterious fem from whom I had received the gingham arti that lay open before me steaming away moisture. I therefore knew that the sneers the graff gentleman and of the land'ord were 1 just, and ye* I dared not openly enlist myself the side of truth. My evidence was all that t old woman required to save her from derisii and I was base enough not to give it. The nu I think of my conduct on that ocoasion, the mt does my self-respect diminish. If I had been some primitive hamlet, where the exist nee ghosts is admitted as a matter of course, there nodoubt I should have corrie out boldly with my i rat ive, and should have done my beat to browbi any unlucky sceptic. My conduct, I am coovinci wou'd have been analogous had I been at a pat of fashionable spiritualists. But hero 1 was ii village, too closely in . connexion with London I admit of a primitive credulity, save among t ol dost inhabitants, while the social status of I speakers was not high enough to render them pi vious to aristocratic spiritualism. For fear of ourring the sneer of a vulgar landlord and 1 more vulgar customer, I allowed truth to be j sailed without: uttering a word in its defem though I could scaraely' help fancying that t umbrella was conscious of. my pusillanimity, ai was observing me with silent contempt. . What a great man must, a martyr be, who wi undergo popular execration, death, end tortui rather than keep bis lips close, when they can J opened for the assertion of a truth 1 What aa ii measurable difference there must be between n constitution and that of-say St. Lawrence. But while my moral oourage was at the low« ebb, it was high-water with my ouriosity. Sut was my utter depravity, that the ciroumstanci whichjïepres8ed the nobler, quality allowed tl lower ono to flourish with full vigour. sneakoJ out of the parlour to the bar, ende voured to ingratis'e myself by asking for som thing cheap which I did not want ( a biscui I tbinkit was), cul tbon with the grossest affe tation of vagueness, propounded the followin question : " Excuse the liberty, but did not I ovet hear unintentionally, of course- something abot some person who walked in Borne field in pom remarkable manner ?" " That's right, master," replied a man in shaggy great coat. ~«« Oh yes, quite correct," said the landlon " but for further p rticulars you had better at dress yourself to this good lady here. You knot there's some sort of know'odge that thrive best in tho heads of elderly ladies," he added wit a wink. I am overwhelmed with shame and confusio when I write down the humiliating foot that actually-winked in return. If I were a membe of parliament, I wonder whether I should ere by the remotest chance, find myself voting wit the minority ! " Oh, the gentleman is quite welcome to hes the story if he likes," said the old lady : a moe respectable inoffensive-looking person. " I don' care for a laugh or Iwo." How unworthy was I to walk on the same soi with that heroic old woman ! I Bhall not repeat tho words of her narro tive, for it was somewhat prolix, and'abounded ii detail8 that did not beîr directly on the main sub ject. It will be sufficient to s'ato that acoordin; to the excellent lady's belief, one Miss Catherin Crackenbridge had, on the 29 h of February many years before, gone out to meet à clade -tini lover, ond had been seen to cross Swampy Fiold Since that time, nothing had been heard of her Some supposed that she was entrapped and mm dered by a designing villian ; some, that she me with a fatal accident ; some, that she committei suicide. This much was certain: that ever; 29th of February her figure might he seen-ii foot, must be seen-to cross Swampy Field abou nightfall, by any person who happened to be oi tho Bpot. After exchanging a look of bland superiorit; with the landlord-despicable being that I was -I asked if the ghost were in the habit of carry, ing an umbrella. . i ' " Ho-ho-ho V roared the landlord. . " Why of rourso it would, if it went out on a wot even ing like this. ^ Well, that's a good'na. The gen tleman has given it her there, and no mistake ; hasn't he, Jim ?" Tho man in the shaggy groat-coat grüntet his assent, with a low chuckle And there was '. -.wretch that I was;-allowing ; myself to bi applauded for inflicting a stupid sarcasm on i defenceless fomal?, when I firmly believed everj word of her statement, and was merely endea youring to satisfy my curiosty with reference tb my strangely acquired treasure. . I evet joined in the laugh, and allowed them all, the ole woman included, to believe that I regarded my self as an exceedingly witty and facetious person, The old woman merely observed that she knen nothing about umbrellas, and left the house in i state of irascibility that was not only justifiable but highly laudable. As for me, I swaggered baca info the parlour with tho air of a conqueror bj whom a worthy adversary has been valiantly de moliBhed. My surprise was not small when I per ceived that tho umbrella had changed its positior during tbe conversation at the bar. I had left it with the convex side towards the fire, and cou sequently the handle in the opposite direction, Now, tho handle was towards the fire and the con vex Burfaco of gingham towards the doof. As nc one has entered tho room, this movement was per factly astounding, yet I did not utter a single ejaculation. I snatchod up the umbrella, boldly tacked it under my arm, and stalked through thc bar, bidding a hasty farewell to the.landlord, and making the utterly frivolous remark that I did nol think I should miss the train, If all the ghosts of all the Hamlets had stood in visible shape be- fore me, I would rather have walked through them, than hare committed myself to a word] look, or gesture, that could have compromised me in the eyes of the landlord and his gruff ac- quaintance. As it was, the initial letters CC, oarved on the handle, confirmed my belief that the umbrella had been the property of the ill s'srred Catherine Crackenbridge. The umbrella, I may observe-though of ging- ham-was of no common orden > Its ivory handle was extremely massive, and richly adornad with that elabora*e tracery, which seems to be'oken an Oriental origin. The initial letters to which I have referred bad not been scratched on with the fi ist sharp instrument that oame to hand, but had been elegantly carved, Heneo it was no wonder, that when I called on my old friend Jack Slingsby, to whoso residence I proceeded as soon as I quitted tho train, be ex- claimed, in his usual elegant stylo : "Why, old boy, that's a stunning gingham you've .got there. Wei», that f's nn out-nnd outer I '' " Yes, it is rather n good one,''I answered, wit! despicable indifference ; and rpnt it in the eornei near the door, and hung rn/ hat upon it, in con formity wu h an old habit of mine, Being oí i careless disposition, I lost many an umbrella ii early youth. To prevent the recurrence of sud accidents, I now adopt the expedient of using mj umbrella as a h .* peg, whenever I make f visit. I cannot easily forget my hat, no can I take my hat without handling my um brella. "Well, but you don't mean to tell me,' pursued Jack, "that you bought that ar ide wit! your own money ? A purchase of tbat kind is no like my old friend Yorick Zachary Yorke." "No ; I did not purchase it-it-it came frort India," I replied, devoutly hoping, with tht little conscience that was left me, that I hat not told an absolute falsehood ; for, indeed, i might have come from India in the first instance for anything I knew to the contrary. Tho intelligence I had to communica'e Was o a pleasant kind, and Jack proved its exhilarating eff.ct by ordering oysters.for two,, and a libera supply of stout When this supper, with the ad' ditton of a tumbler or so of grog, had been dis posed of, I rose to depart. " Why, old fellow," said the hospitable Jack "where have you put your bat and your umbrel- la ? Bless my soul, here they are ! Well, now, I would have sworn in any witness-box that yon put the umbrella in the corner near the door, anc then clapped your hat on tbe handle, and now lo and behold 1-here's the hat on the floor in the corner next the fireplace, and the umbrella, wit! the point inside the hat, and the handle against thc walli" .The little incident in the parlour of the Joli j Navigators had too well prepared me for such freaks on the part of my umbre'Ia, to allow me tc be taken aback. " It is just as I put it, Jack," 1 said, with heedless effontery. " You put a little j top muon brandy in your tumbler, and that, coming I directly after the et' ut--" I Jack was fu'l^sober as I was, and-as for-the brandy-and-water, it had been offensively weak. I " I suppose von are right, o'd fellow," inter ' rupted Jack, with a sceptical expression ofcouten I ance. " As the umbrella is a lit'le damp, it was kind of you to sove my carpet, by using your hat 'as a basin." Simpering out eomo inanity about a friend's in- terests being as dear to me as my own, I got out of the house as well as I could. That I had not 'succeeded in obliterating from Jack's mind the re i membrance of the change of corners, was af'er ' wards mode evident enough. Though he never i saw the umbrella again, he never met me without some question as to its whereabout, or some refer ' enoe to tho odd occurrence ot that evening. I ;I, had been so much occupied hitherto in wearing ' a mask before other persons, that I rea-ly had not had time enough to feel all the super I natural horror which the possession of the umbrella ' should have inspired. Here was an article placed in my hand, by a mystoiious female figure, that j had vanished like a ghost, and that figuro eine ly I corresponded to the description of a ghost current j in the immediate neighboorhpod 1 'j hese.ciroum I stances began to impress themselves more forcibly ' on my mind, when, on reaobing home, I found my ! self alone in my bachelor Bitting-room. The um brella, which reBted against my ohair, appeared to rae in tho light of an unpleasant acquaintance, ' whom one cannot conveniently bow out, and whom one will not press to stop. What should I do with the umbrella ? I did not wish to sit up with it all night, atill.loss was. ]T, ind ¡ned to take it iDto my bedroom. I looked reflectively at the umbrella until I almost fancied it looked at mo in return. ^ /' At last I bethought me of a little room on the floor over ray bed-chamber, which was occasionally used for the deposit of lumber. Thither would I at onoe take my umbrel'a, and then redescend to the s'eeping apartment. How. .cautiously I carried it I I felt morbidly afraid of waking the servants, who slept in the ohamber adjoining the lamber room. I opened the door with a minimum of noise, that only a burglar ought to attain, I could almost fancy I WBB breaking into my own house. . I Lumber, insignificant by, day, is ghastly at nigbf, when illuminated by a singla candle, sud seen by a single spectator. The, common house- hold articles, cast aside as unavailable for irnmo dia'e use, and huddled together in a fashion totally at variance with their original purpose, have a corpse- like appearance, and the shadows they cast are portentoous. A cobweb floating about in their vicinity is an.uncomfortable phe- nomenon," and the lonely spectator shrinks in- stinctively from anything like contact with that almost intangible . substance, which seems to be compounded of feathers, gossamer, and nothing, and goes by the name of " fluff." * I delicately placed' tho umbrella against a hamper, richly embroidered with cobwebs, and crept down to my bedroom : not without over- hearing the whispering voices of tho servants, who had no doubt remarked the unwonted sound of footsteps. My dreams were disagreeable enough. The um- brella seemed to stand before me as a hugo many armed bat, the gingham forming the texturo of the wings, and a little ol aw being visible at each 1 of the corners. Then the bat would assume the shape of a human sko'eton, still many-armed, like some hideous Indian dotty : with this differ- ence, that the arms wore not in a vertical circle, but were ranged around the neck, like the spokes of a horizontal wheel. And by a Btrange move- ment the. nob had quitted its place, and stationed itself on tho point, where it became a skull, and battered its jaws, as if in unseemly mirth. I waB far from gratified next morning, when the servant, besides coffee and toaBt, brought in the umbrella, with the words, " I think you left this in the lumber-room ?,' I dryly answered " Yee," but I felt that my answer gave no satis- faction. Though the girl talked of " leaving the umbrella," she must have known very well that I put it in tho lumber-room on purpose.. " You found the umbrella leaning against thc hamper ?" I asked. " No, it was against the large trunk on the opposite Bide," replied the girl. " Of course," I said. And never did that very common expression seem less fitted to the oontext of a dialogue. An umbrella which has been lent by a ghost, which tw'M be dreamed about under the most unpleasant aspeot, and whioh, without the aid of human bands, will shift from one corner of a room to another, is not a desirable possession. Many were my efforts to get rid of my ging- ham treasure, bnt they were all ia vain. 1 left it at the'house of friend after friend, and fre- quently took away with me a silk umbrel'a in its stead, but it was invariably sent back, I have gone into somo of the lowest streets in London, have made some trifling purchase of a marine storeseller who,was obviously a receiver of stolen goods-I have placed the unbrella against his eountor, and have hurried away at my quiokest pace ; but the light of honesty has flashed at once into tho abede of roguery and crime. ,A ragged boy or girl has run frantically aftor me, with my umbrella. I bave gone to umbrella-makers, and have offei to sell or exchange the remarkable specimen their art, which I carried in my hand. But nei was the master of the shop at home when I call and never had he left any person authorised effect an exchange or a purchase. I could al wa find some one in charge, with fa'I authority to & any cumber of umbrellas j but I could never fi anybody en'rusted with power to buy one, or ta one in exchange. It struck me at last, that I would take it to t nearest pawnbroker, and offer it as a pledge foi sura too small to be refused. Iliad never un then visited an establishment of the sort, and I f nervous as I approached tho door-moro nervo when a friend, who seemed almost to rise ont the pavement, suddenly shook me by the hal and asked me" where I was going ? Wh I had quitted him, he stopped and looked af me, so that I was not ablo to- dash bold into the shop, but lingering at neighbouri windows, contemplating objects wholly devoid interest. How long I looked at some pigs' pel toes in one shop, and at some blaokitig-bo'tles another, I cannot conjecture. At last, assutni that I was wholly unobserved, I entered the tei pie of interested benevolence. " Well, sir,'' said the young man at the counl with an air more patronising than is assumed' the generality of tradesmen towards their cus'.o; ers ; " what can we do for you ?" I .» I merely come to-" thuä I began, whet I perceived that my umbrella was not under r arm. I rushed out of the shop leaving my sc tence unfinished, and. met my friend returoi from his expedition. Though he merely ma some comm jn-place remark, I could see by 1 manner that he had distinctly perceived n egress, and, chancing to look back towards t! shop, I could see the young man's face protrudii from the doorway, watching me with evident su picion. My situation was miserable. Before u ' stood an old friend of the family, a warm opule I dreaifully respectable man, eyoing me withi d mmished respect ; behind "me was an uttor strang j conjecturing that I WOB a thief. When I got homo my umbrella was in the star ! in the passage. Perhaps I had left it thore. cannot positively say whether I did or not, ht something told ma that it would be ueoless 1 I make any other attempt to deposit it as a pledg j As tho end of another February approach« a happy thought occurred to me. Why shoo] j I not, ou the anniversary of the day that ba enriched me wi h the umbrella, tako a turn i I Swampy Field and restore it to the rigbtfi ownor? Though the umbrella had been place in my hand on the 29 th of February, a day whic 1 occurs only once in four years, I could regard th 11st of March ns a very fair anniversary. Thei is this in common betweon the 29th of Februar in leap-year and tho 1st of March in other yean I-that they both follow the 28 h of Februarj ' And there was no reason to suppose that a spiri habituated to regard tho essenoe of things, woul regard a chronological arrangement merely mad ' to. adapt the calondar to mortal purpoees. I left, London by railway, and on the evonin of the 1st of March I was in Swampy Fiold wit ' my umbrella up. There was not a cloud in th ' sky, and so bright was tho moon that the countr 1 oould bo seen as by daylight. Nevertheless, '. ' walked up and down the field with my umbrella ot full spread. No object appoarod, save a grouj of boys, who took advantage of the bright moon light to extend their hours of play, and whe noticed me ns a ridiculous figure. An timbrell hold np at noon under a broiling sun, answers th purpose of a parasol, and brings np contempt oi him who holds it ; but a man who walks up au I down a field hy moonlight beneath aperfeotl; cloudless sky, with an outspread umbrella in hil hand, is guilty of an absurdity that no one is hourn to tolerate. Tho derision of the boys I endurec ' with the fortitude of one who knows that he i I in the wrong, and who justly merits whatevo befáis him. When their verbal sallies were fol lowed by missiles of mnd and stono I retreated ' without tho slightest feeling of anger against rn; ' small persecutors. Had I been in their place, '. should have thrown missiles also. \ Months and months passed away. Ever; night I bad dreamed of tte skeleton and thc bat, and tho dreams had loBt their terror believe that if I had lain from night till morn ing, without a Yis-it from the familiar spectre, '. should have felt my rest incompetent. As for th< ' umbrella, I had so often put it in one come: and found it in another, that I looked at it locomotion as a matter of oourse ; and if I ha< chanced to find it in the place whero I hai left it, my sensations wonld have been lit ' those of a man whoso wa'ch had unscoountabl; stopped. One evening, as my eye glanced, at, the ad vertising columns of the newspaper, it stopped a the following mysterious announcement. I b<n to sta' e before quoting it, that' on tho previou day the umbrella kad^come back to mo in a verj remarkable manner. I had left it at a ehoj to have it newly covered with silk in the place o gingham. It had oomehome (ss it appeared tomi of its own accord), and had brought a man with il who waited in the passage to be paid the prioc of this alteration, and who declined to quit thc premises without receiving such price. Oe being offered the umbrella instead, ht replied, " Blow the umbrella ; I've um brollas enough that I cant get rid of. 1 wants my money." (From the words I have italicised, might it not almost soom as if thit uncultivated poison had also encountered thc spectre?. I merely throwout tho suggestion, without insisting OD it;) .«* On tho 20th of February, C. 0. will call or Y. Z. Y., and claim the deposit." Thia was tho advertisement on which my eye fell. " , Now, it is not every one that can own a pro- perty in the initials Y. Z. Y. Indeed, I am in- clined to belove that I, Yorick Zaohary Yorke, am their sole legitimate owner. How great is the power of habit! Throe years before, my mind had been so occupied with the extra day of the bissextile, that I had even tried to make a 29th of February of my own, by giving a new figure to the 1st of March. Now, on the contrary, I was slow in Recalling to minti the connexion botweon the umbrella and the date of its acquisition ; and I believo a quartor of an hour elapsed before I recognised in 0. 0., the initials of the ill-starred Mias Catherine Crackon bridge. 1 he whole horror of four years ago was forced back upon me. My agony roached its crisis, when, looking at tho date of the paper, I shriokod aloud-«'. Tho 29 th of February is to dayl" Frantically rushed into the passage, took tho umbrella from its stand, and placed it on the table before me. My eyes were fixed upon it so firmly that every , other object faded, and my arms woro not only folded, but firmly pressed togothor, that I might be fully aware of tho B'rength of roy own resolution. How long I sat in this state I know not, but after a while I began to feel that J was not alone, though I could not porcoiro a companion. And there was a strango inconsistency in tho ap pearance of the room. The looking-glass was «vor the chimney-piece, and the Taxions articles oT furniture were in their places, but tbe csrtpejt seemed made of wet glass, and the walls were tratnt parent, affording a view of a flat country, ia tote last light of evening. I could hear the sonad oí rain, and could feel the drops. In defiance of «A the laws of possibility, t was in two places at -in my room in London, and on Swampy Field. A heavy weight Tested on my arm, a co'd brest!* waB on my cheek, and close beside me was a pale- face that moved its lips, as if speaking with inc greatest earnestness ; but it gavo no sound. When the face had melted away, and tita weight was removed from my ann, and thc carpet was free from wot grass, and the walk Iud ceased ta bs transpatent, the umbrel'a wt» gone! I am not aware whether any so-called philo- sophical explanation of these astonishing ex- periences may be attempted. I believe I bare related them Yon the while) with great accuracy. If I have at all enlarged on any trifling detail, oe if any deduction should be claimed by the deter- mined septic, on the score of harmless stout, or of brandy and-water which I bare myself de- scribed as (Iquote the ciDot words) ''offensively weak," or on the score of a rather confused memory, or a slight habit of absence of mind, or an indigestive disposition (inherited on the fathers) siJe) to doze after dinner, there will still renata this extraordinary circumstance to be accounted for by ordinary laws-that I never could get rid of tho umbrella (gingham) during the whole in- terval between beBsextile and bsssextile, and that I unaccountably and inexplicably lost the umbrella (silk) on tho 29th of February, the very d ty when it came home from being newly covered, and brought with it the extraordinary man I have dosoribed. . A Or.EnaïMAN IN A NEW CBARÍOIEU.-test Measday a prisoner waa taken to tbo county gaol at Glouseater* aa soon aa be wag in aide tba outer door th» poûoeoirj took off bls hindoolFj, and the lodge-boeper not traviste had time to look the-door, the fellow bonnded tbroagfe the opening with the agility of a deer. Of course there waa immediate pursuit, but twp polioemen who were pre- sent nero so startled that they wore unable to gut «e> »paed, and the few; bystanders contented themaelvee warst oalling ''Stop thief," and admiring the agility of the roo~ away, who speedily ran through Barbloan-lane to th« dooks, and.made for tbs river. At Ibis moment tho Rev. Aspioall Dudley, the gool chaplain, oarae up, and bear- ing the ory of "Stop thief," joinod in theraoe. Cl happens that tba reverend gentleman is a good example of a "musonlar Christian," os well as of the albee Ohristian virtneB.and thus, though tho runaway was Cent, he was speedily ooursod down by tbeohaplain, (who ale« happens to be chaplain of the Engineer Volunteer Oorpp,) who solzed him behind in the most approves? garotting fashion, rendered him powerless and, tomine bim round, marched bim baok towards tbs prison, act£ banded bim over to the police. Borne bystanders da« elarod they never san a finer flit raoe.-Brittol Mercury. It seems fut though a dissenter can graduate H.A. ct Cambridge, be cannot hold even o mathematical exami nerabip there. In a recent ca'e tbe authorities «eco underitocd to have soleoted a distinguished mathis** tiola'n for (heir cext moderator, but were unable to «»rey ont tbeir choice, as the 10th and SO.h Vio'., oap. 83, seo. .15, oxproesly forbids all o Oise, temporary or permanets'. to any one not declaring himself a member cf the Church of Engl «nd. Tbo GHobe intimates that Sir Hugh Boee will speedily be removed. AtroDg other charges, it is alleged that ste has dismissed an aide-de-camp, nominally for gambling, really for reasons- involving the aide-de-camp's family honour, and that he explained bis reasons and defends* himself In an order whloh the offloers of the Ioniskiliinc Dragoons were ordered to real to their men. It is co- ntoured tbut bis suooessor will be Sir Hope Grant; wb« commanded in Ohina with saoeets. T UH Cc UM-The marriage of his Boyal Hlgbneso the Prince of Wales will take plaoe in March, earlier bay soma weeks then was enllolpatod. His Boyal Highness the Prinoo of Wales has been pleased to make the follow* lng appointment to bis household t-To be Groom of tba Bedjbambarto his.Boyal HlgLnosB, tho HOP- B. H Meado. Tho Lord Chamberlain has received her Majesty's commands that the marriage of tbe Prince of Wales shall ba celebrated with tba utmoBt magniSoettca. The household of tho future PrlnoosB of Wales still comprise the Marchioness of Carmarthen, the Countess of Mtooloufleld,, tbo GountosB of Morton, and the Coante-s de Grey, ss Ladies in Wailing. Lord Karrie will be at tbe head of the Houeehold of the Prloease, Preparations have been already oommcnoed at Windsor Castle-for the aooommodotlon of tho numerous guests wbo will have tho honour of being invited to tho Prince of Walps'a wedding, wbiob we annonnoed nearly twa months ago would take plooo wi h great splendour crt Windsor. All the rooms in tho Bound Tower arit'boior; fitted up as bedrooms for tho accommodation of visitóte. Next year tbe Lovoos will be held by the Prince of Waise and tho Drawing Booma by hir ^Soyal Highness and thu Prinoeas oi Wales, -Wo understand that all tits momberB of the Boyal Family will oontinue to wear mourning ofter Obristmaa, but it will be of a slight obaracteri Her Hajeety will wear doop (nourning foe nnothor yeer. The aoaoucbement of tho Prinoesi Louie of Heeae is] expected in April. The oooouehoment «rf her Boyal Highness the Prinoeas Alioe will tako place at Windsor Castle. ACTION AOAINBT Sm GEortnn Gros* -In the Court cl' Queen's Benob, Mr. Irwin, a barrister, who ass boen fre- quently before tho civil courts, brought sn action against Sir George Grey, tho Homo 8eorotary, claiming £100,CC0 damages for tbs refusal of Sir George to lay a "petition of righi" before her Mejestr. Tbe Lord Ohaneeller, Here? Palmerston, Sir Georgs Lewis, and air. Walpole wera ult present as witnesses, the Lord Chancellor being the dre« in the list. The plaintiff, Mr. O'Malloy Irwin, will be) remembered In connection with tho Galway Paoket Com- pany. Hs alleged that be had been engaged to work (ha oompany Into a oommerolal standing, and on a question, of piymrnt be brongbt an action against Mr, J. O. Lèvera M.P. Veadiot for the defendant. ' PAMI, December 7.-Tho La Ftance, of this evening publishes the following particulars of the Inauguration of tho Boulevard, Prinoo Eogene:- "M. Dumas having: addressed tho Empiror in the name of ths Municipal Commission, his Imperial Majesty replied in tormo wbioh wo would not presume to summarise. It is suffi- cient to Btate that the speech'of the Emperor was enthu- siastically resolvod. Two portions, however, of th« address especially attraotod tho attention of the audience. The Emporor touched upon the question of the bakioc Irado of Paris, as regards its bearing upoD the lateresto of the population, and theo,continued:-'It was at first Intended to bestow upon tho transverse boulevjrd the name of Qaeen HottanBt, Bhowlng that I had no deatro to monopolise for my family tho tribute of popular homage which ought to bo reserved for oar national glorios.* The' Emperor Btat:d that ho should give a now boulevard, to bo namod.the Blah Lenoir, who, front a simple workman, became' one of the most eminena manfioturers In. Europe, and-who, after having glvoti his workmen food in times of diatroBB, transformed the» into soldiers, and msrohod at tbeir bead at a period when the country was in danger. His Imperial Majesty, in eonoludlng, dwelt upon the institution by Lenoir of ' Loans toLabonr/and said s--'His proceedings falsified tba proverb, that it is only the rloh who art able to borrow, (On ne preft ju aux riche*)'-Numerous cries oC 'Long live the Emperor and Empress' followed the apeeah of his Maj (Sty;" Tua McDsrm BABYLON.-We have held that in tho cotton manufacture was the pride, the strength, and the certainty of our future national prosperity and pesos. (Cherra.) I am afraid we have looked upon this toa tnuob in the spirit of the Assyrian monaroh of old : " Ia not thia great Babylon that I havo built for the hones of my kingdom by the might of my power, and for tba honour of my majesty I" Bot in the hour in whloh that monarch ussd these words, tho word oarue forth, " Tho kingdom IB departed from thee." That wbiob waa his pride beoame bia humiliation ; that wbioh was our pride has tecoma our bumiiiatian and our punishment. (Obeors.) That which was tbe source of our wealth-th« sure foundation on wbioh we bullr, hsB become itself th« instrument of oar humiliating poverty, wbiob compela ns to appeal to the charily ot other countries. The reed on which we leant bas gone through the hand that re- posed on it, and has piorood UB to tho heart. (Lotti! applause.)-Lord Derby at ¡Tanenctítr. On tho 30tb November, Mr.Edward Lilgb and Htrgfc Morris, potter ot Dane's Inn, wero practising fonolnfi with obeeso-knifes at tho Somoraot Hotel, Strand,-in tba Srssenoe of the walter, Morris showing Mr. Leigh tito IfTerenee botweon carte and tierce. Io making a turner, Morrie stabbed Mr. Leigh a little abovo tho groin, aa* from the effbots of tbs wonnd the unfortunate gentleman bas diod. A verdict ol " Aooldontel death" haa boee rjtarned. \ 