THE ILLUMINATIONS. London may be said to have been en fete not only from the 7th of March, when the Princess A1 xandra made her public entry, to the night of the 10th, when the marriage was celebrated fay illuminations, but for several days before and after. The preparations were in themselves a sort of festival; and it was thought that the expense which had been incurred justified a little further display beyond the one night for which they were designed, so that the principal and most coBtly illuminations and decorations were kept up for two ot three nights longer. During the whole period the streets continued to be traversed day and night by dense multitudes of people, and it was not till the gay trappings of the public buildings were finally taken down that ths great thoroughfares resumed tlreir ordinary appearance. The illuminations of London were of un exampled splendour. No such exhibition has ever been witnessed before. How much grander it would have been had it been arranged upon a uniform principle must not, however, be overlooked. The great fault was that every house and public building illu minated in its own way, without reference to its neighbours, so that the spectacle was brokeu up by iupongruitips. Upt London was yery grand, notwithstanding, on the night of the 10th of March. The only real failure was the electric light at St. Paul's, which disappointed the expecta tions of its friends. People thronged at great peril of their lives to see a dome of fi e, and beheld what the claBs-books on optics call " an oblique pencil of rays," and a very faint one, too, wandering disconsolately about the dome. A single beam of moonlight' would have produced a much finer effect. The view from the top of St. Paul's was a greater disappointment to the few who were admitted to look upon it than the failure of the electric light. Instead of beiug able to see the great fire on the high ground of Hampstcad lieaib, npthing could be discerned further north than Holboru. On tlje south the yiew was shut in by the Surrey bank, beyond which all was darkness; on the east the extremity of vision was a triangle of fiame over the Royal Exchange; and on the west the prospect was closed by St. Clement's Church. The view on all sides was bounded by a black wall; within this wall was a thick yellow haz,e nearer still was a luminous mist, and close under the standing point was a bright glare, in which the smallest object was distinctly visible. The up turned faces of the crowd—swaying about J ike a bed of flowers in a high wind—were so clearly seen in such valleys of light as Clieapside and Fleet- street, even from an elevation of 200 feet, that the features could almost be distinguished without an eyeglass. One of the great sights of the city proper was London Bridge. The beautiful decora tions which had been prepared for the entry of the Princess Alexandra still remained, and looked extremely well under the influence of the illumination, which was produced by a series of small gas-lamps placed round the pedestals which bore the Danish warriors and other pieces of sculpture on each side of the bridge. The magnificent arch was lighted up in a similar manner, the lamps running along the cornices and ether architectural outlines of the structure, and presented a very grand ap pearance, which was greatly heightened by an admirable transparency on each side. Perhaps the triumph of the city was to be found in the combination of the three noble buildings which enclose tiic open space at the end of the Poultry—the Mansion- House, the Bank, and the lloyal Exchange. The first two were illuminated in the same manner, with jets of gas disposed along the chief lines of the architecture. The long facade of the Bank, ( brought out with a single beam of light, relieved at intervals by large Btars, assumed an atr of dig nity and repose which it does not possess in the garish day. The Exchange was a brilliant success. Its pediment was also traced with a line of light, and its columns were adorned with illuminated spirals. Temple-bar was conspicuous for the novelty and splendour of its appearance, transcending all previous attempts at decoration on former occasions. Arrangements, which are said to have occupied a fortnight in the preparation, were made to illuminate a medallion of the Prince and Princess of Wales, which was placed in the centre of the principal arcb, sur rounded with flags. The entire cornice of the pediment was covered with emblematical devices in gold, and over the footways angels | were placed, holding in their hands sags of 1 orange blossoms, above which were tripods emitting incense, and over the centre and sur mounting the whole was a statue of "Hymen" holding a torch. The pediments of the arches were covered with crimson cloth, and over the centre arcli were the arms of England and Denmark, surmounted with a crown of gold, with the letters " A.A."-on each side. Drapery, formed of cloth of gold studded with red hearts, entirely enveloped the front of the Bar on both sides. The whole was lighted up with about 120 gaslights, under white ground glass globes, and the effect was very beautiful and chaste. Amongst the other public buildings that call for special notice were the British Museum ! and the National Gallery. The former dis- ' played a magnificent and artisticai device in gas, stretching along the centre of the noble line of iron palisades ; and the latter had an elaborate device on the portico, which failed for want of gas, but made some compensation I by an electric light, which, however, was not j very effective, except when it was turned on the top of the Nelson Column, to which, the whole height remaining in per- j feet darkness, it gave ttie effect 6f a sheeted i ghost in mid-air. We may add that there were several electric lights iu the course of the night in different parts of the town; one on i the top of the Monument, one at the corner of Ludgate-hill, playing on the dome of St. Paul's, and another in Regent-street, and the most successful of all from the facade of the | Polytechnic. Next to the Quadrant, St. James's-street, Cheapside, Fleet-street, Bond- street, and Pall mall, were the most brilliant and continuously lighted streets, the Strand, except near-Temp'e bar, being broken and irregular. An eccentric and ingenious individual in the Haymarkt-t ] produced dissolving views of the various members of the royal family, which excited | great interest in the crowd, the Prin cess of Hesse developing out of the Priuce.-s of Prussia with a rapidity which even Mr. Darwin's new species never rivalled. The remarks of the gazers upon this exhibition were rich and original. The wandering crowd invariably called the Princess of Hesse the. Princess Bessy, and the Princess Alexandra the Princess Alexander, accompanied by ejacu- ' lations of delight which were taken up and repeated by thousands at a distance who could not see the phantasmagoria itself. The club-houses were conspicuous for the 1 costliness of their display. The political clubs were for onee of one accord, while the military and University clubs vied in their efforts to celebrate with splendour the auspicious event of the morning. The tradesmen of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales showed their devotion in extraordinary displays ot brilliancy- Prominent amongst tliam was Mr. Poole, His Royal Highness's tailor, in Saville-place, the front of whose house was literally a blaze of light. The design was intricate and fanciful, and some critics thought incongruous and overdone; but it cost a great deal of money, and was undoubtedly one of the lions. There was also an attractive device at the house of" Messrs. Stvaine & Adeney, in Piccadilly, who have been appointed whip manufacturers to the Prince; and another ut the establishment of Messrs. Chubb & Son, His Royal Higliness's lock and safe makers. Mr. Rimmel, too, of the Strand, ought to be men tioned, who supplied London Bridge with incense and the wedding boudoir with the essence of violets. It but remains to be mentioned that the crowd was prodigious. According to the breadth of the thoroughfares were the number of lines of carriages in the centre of each street, and the average rate at which they progressed may be set down at about half a mile in four or five hours. Hundreds of carriages were out for fire hours and upwards and never suc ceeded in making their way into any of the leading streets, their occupants getting home at daylight without seeing anything he; ond the outskirts. The crush on the foot pavement was tremendous. But there was a marked difference between the We3t-end and the City. At tie W< st-end space was kept open on one side of each street for car riages to return, and the foot pavement was regulated so successfully that, although in some places the pressure was severe and occa sionally dangerous, circulation at a slow rate was at least possible. But in the City chaos reigned, and the frightful results are chronicled in the wards of the hospitals and the verdicts of coroner's inquests. In the gorse at the west end of the Poultry, and in similar spots, the crush was positively appalling, the pressure being, moreover, gratuitously increased by a number of " roughs" who kept charging the densely compacted mass out of pure love of mischief. We have alluded elsewhere to these scenes, and need not dwell upon them here. But it is only proper to add that the conduct of the people, under the circumstances, was admirable, and that when space permitted of easy locomotion they displayed the utmost patience, decorum, and good humour. - The rejoicings in the provinces were on a scale of unprecedented magnificence; nor does it appear that there was a single place which did not testify its zeal by a display of illuminations and by public festivities. In Edinburgh the scene was in the highest degree brilliant and nictiirpBniie And lllfi nrdpi* timl cafpf-*. nrifli which the proceedings of the night were con ducted offer a striking contrast to the scene which took place under the Lord of Misrule in the City of London. No carriages were allowed in the streets, and no riots or accidents occurred, lu Ireland the rejoicings went off with characteristic hilarity. There were some windows broken in Dublin and Cork, and a disposition was manifested by the dregs of the mob3 to get up a "row;" bat the Queen's peace was not very materially dis turbed in cither place. 