RURAL MUNICU'AU'JT OF GLE^OKOIIY. MEBT1NO AT NEW TOWN. A public nieetingof the ratepayers of New Town was hold at Mrs. Guylnr's, Crown and Anchor Inn Ne>v Town, on Tuesday evening Inst, at half past seven, nt which all parties opposej to tho original division o? the district, as proposed by the petition lately published in the 4 Gazette' were invited. There were present the honorable William Carter, M. L. C-. ami Messrs. II. S. B-irrctt, I{. lVorlt-y, K. Mather, ll.Kvans.S. Cato, \V. Cato, 11. .1. Marsli, J.liurum, 15. Whi-e, H. While, A. Murroll, J. S.uller, IV. A. Mackay, A. Thompson, T. White, T. 1'A'iiiiB, junior, W. lt'j'jh, G. BrammiU, U. Ueynolds, W. Jelliey, H. llro-i-n. Ford, Huglnu, &c.; The l oMoraWe William Carter, I'.sq., M. L. C. was vo:ed to the chair, and having r ;i ] the ailvertisemcn', calling the meeting, sai-f he had not had any communication with the gnitlenien who called the meeting, but he piesume.1 it was lor the purpose of advocating the same movement as the previous meeting held on the subject was called for, to i:!.-ii:n for the distrietof NewTown a fairil'n-i»iuii for I'.ir intended municipalities and to protcit against any infringement ot the rights nf th! New Town district. He thought on a former occasion, and he still thought that the whole of the district ought to be under one municipality, hut as the miJents of Glenorchy were so opposed to this, it would be useless to think of obtaining if. He presumed, liowcvtr, the trueobjects of the meeting would be laid beforeibein by the gentleman uluiiail exiled them together (cheers). Mr. S. Cato saH lie hail no dou'it they mfaht feel somewhat surprisei! at his luring called them together, but lie might state that he was under the impression, that it was necessary under the act that, the counter petition should be suit in n iihin one month from the receptiun of the fornier one, and knowing that the mouth bad more than half gone, lie thought there was no lime to lose ; however, be bad since ascertained the time allowed was two months, instead of one. The principal objects of the meeting were to adopt a protest to tho govtmment against theGlenorchy petition, nnd obtain signatures to it, and then forward it to his ];jccelieuey the Governor, requesting him to disallow the request contained iu the petition from tho 61 landholders in Glenorchy. Their request was preposterous i they asked for their boundaries to be from the Blacksnake, to the New town Rivulet. Had lliey been satisfied to take their boundary at Humphrey's Rivulet he would not have objected, but if lliey were to allow this they wonlil be assenting to their talcing a large portion of the Newtown assessments to expend on the Glenorchy District, lie calculated that fr.rni the Black Snake to Humphrey's Rivulet there would be LI 16 odd taken, while from Humphrey's Rivulet to the Newtown Rivulet there would in that small space be Ll.12 odil, and that sum they wanted to despoil Newtown of. There were many gentlemen present who could speak better than be, anu he could not therefore do better than read the petition or protest. The Speaker then read the document. That document he thought flmuld be signed «ithout delay. The township »f Now Town, as iiefiiicsl as a poiio" diairh'l, co iiin-.-:-.eeil from thebcuinl- Jary of Ilobart Town, and extended to the mite stone, and if Ihe district was to he divided at all, those were the proper boundaries. Mr. H. S. Barrett said be had given this matter some consideration ever since the first movement for Municipal Action was commenced. The Glenorchy people were endeavouring to do what the New Town people would not allow them to do, por did he blame the Glenorchy folks at all, if the Kewtowners were fools enough to allow them'(cheers). It had been said by some of those who were canvassing for the division ot the district, as defined by the Glenorchy folks, vis., the New Town Itivulet, that lie (Mr. ii) was a fool, because he would not sign their petition, well, probably he was, but it was nothing new, for be had been a fool all his life (laughter), and supposed he should be to the end of the chapter. His interest was on this side of the rivulet, but perhaps if it were on the other, he might have gone with them, for self interest was a grcatthing, and indeedithad withoutdoubt been the tiling which swayed the Glenorchy folks. They have told their people they will only require a sispenny rate, for they did not require roads as they had a fine main line of road. They also wanted to move the bead quarters to O'Brien's Bridge. Well let them hare it by all means, but if they have it let them pay forit. Now and then nt the present time lliey did sec the ghost of a policeman, but by nnd bye, under such au arrangement, they would be like angels* visits. They had also said , " oh, but there is a debt due on the Augusta Road District of L700," and he had been told so again only to-day, but be did not believe it. New Town had alwaysbeen a very quiet place, and be hoped it would be kept so. No one knew better than lie did that municipal action could not be carried on without taxation, and be knew equally well that a sixpenny rate would not be sufficient. The Glenorchy people wanted to surround themselves with theluxuriesof New Town, but i£ the New Town people would keep themselves alive, they would enrry their point (cheers). If their petition wassigned by eighty one ratepayers nod residents, ours must be signed by eighty two. He would like to know what they wanted to go on the Kisdou Road for; it was a pity they did not cotnc a little further and ask for a sixpenny rate for New Town also. They say they will take care of Glenorchy at all events, nnd they object to New Town having a voice, for they would be able to return the men they want. Oil, no, (bey mustn't come down to where the people were (cheers). New Town, they say, was a suburban, but Glenorchy was a rural district; lie thought they bad as much rural felicity as they had, true, they had not their sheep-walks, but if tlicy were not careful lliey would have n shecpwiiilt right down to New Town (cheers). They were told that New Town ended at the Beach Tavern, Sandy Bay (laughter), and gave them the Cascade Factory aud the Cascades in, and al6o Mount Wellington; these were some of the absurdities that were talked of. Let both 6ides of the question bo fairly discussed;—he would like to sec a meeting called at Cooley's aud tho Glenorchy folks invited to attend, and then they would probably be informed of some of the advantages to be derived from taking in part of New Town, He lilted to have some fair opposition and something to fight against; for they were all of one opinion at this meeting. He trusted that the protest would be numerously signed; they did not object to municipal action, but let them have the proper boundaries defined, and if they could do without roads at Glenorchy well and good, but they could not do without roads at New Town at all events (applause). Mr. Worley said when he first heard o£ the meeting he regretted that it had been called, for be believed it to be premature; but he now thought it would be productive of some good, as there would be much additional information derived from the various speeches. Some time since a meeting was called at Ooolcy's, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the 3?rime-minister, and on Friday last they did so. The deputation, however, soon discovered that Mr. ffliyte seemed rather favorable to the Glenorchy people's petition, for Mr. Whyte argued very strongly that with the Cascades and Sandy Bay included it might be an advantageous division for New Town; but he need not tell them the deputation could pot agree with this suggestion, and after some discussion between them the deputation left, Mr. Whyte having Hist assured them that the matter would receive every consideration at the bauds of the government, mid that lie would take cure and consult with the gentlemen at Glenorchy in order, if possible, tooblaiuau nimoable settlement, and that so soon as lie did so he would forward a detinite answer to them (applause); tliat answer they were now waiting for, a;id a*Fooii as lliey re- ceived the answer from Mr. Whyte they intended to call a public meeting and lay it before them (cheers). Ho protested against the bouudarS-js asked for by their tilenorchy friends; it would be contrary to justice; the police and all thuse who ought to know best believed their plan was by far the most preferable. lie thought it best to make the whole into one municipality, but Glenorchy was so opposed to this that it would he useless to urge it. he could not understand the reason of this objection, unless it was their dread that they might he ruined by the extravagance of New Town (Laughter) They were not going to hare a municipal rate at all. oh, n j, tiiey did not require it, only a police rate which under the act they were bound to levy. 'It was quite clear, if all Glenorchy were proclaimed a municipality, tJiev need not ni:ike filenorchy a road distrietat all. The tilenorchy people were probably unaware, or appeared to be ignorant of the fact that ihey werenotto be Jibe only j id^.'.s as to what would constitute an i-lfieieut poli-.-e force, for the Inspector of Police, if iu his opinion the police force was iueillcieiit, could compel tlient to provide what lie considered adequate police protection. All New Town asked was to hare thf-irown township as their boundary. They asked uo more, and they would take no less. He b.id calculated and found that it would m ike L80 per year difference to tlu ill in levying a sixpenny r ite between th§ boundary thev asked for, aud that u hich the Gleiinrchv neople wanted, and that would he of some impoita ice. He thought that tbey would, with their proper boundaries, be able to carry out mmiicip il action, by levying a municipal r.ife of h shilling, nui a police vAte of nine pence. He might aho inform them that the deputation ascertained from Mr. Whyte that it was uot the intention of the Government to withdraw the grant-in-aid to municipalities, and that n:me hilt the enemies of the Government would hive spread suji a rejnrt; the Government knew perfectly well tlmt no country municipality could exist if ihe grant-in-aid were withdrawn; he nssur.-u them there w.is not the sli^hlesf ground for sueli a report. He stated this because it had been commonly believed that the intention of the Government was to withdraw the grant-in-aid. He would however, suggest that the protest insliad of b.-in/ Finned sit once fliould remain over for n few il.-iys, until tlh?y heard something definite from the Government, and then the deputation would call a meeting. He was i i favor of this protest, and would willingly sim it, but lie threw out the suggestion, that for the iake of a few days they should let liie petition stand over, in ir.ler to obtain a definite answer from the Government which could then be laid before the meeting (applause). Mr. S. Catu said the protest was entirely in tlie bands of the meeting, and it they thought tile delay avis desirable they could have it; at all eve.its it would enable theui to have further time, and tho meeting would at its close adjourn probably to another day. Mr. W, C ito said he wished to deny the assertion that the Augusta Road J)i<triet was in debt L700. He had beard that Mr. Hilton hid only tint very day asserted they were L700 in debt. He might state that about four years ago they wished to borrow L10QJ on the mortgage of their tolls, hut the meeting had outvoted those who wished it. During the present year the trustees had borrowed L2O0 from the bank, nnd had made themselves individually liable lor it, in the event of the rates not being sufHeieu!, The/ had never yet mortgaged their tolls. Tho Chairman—You have not said if j ou borrowed the L700, or whether you are in debt. Mr. Cato said they did not owe L700, nor had they ever borrowed that sum, and tho L200 for which the trustees were responsible bad all been paid back, anil they were now entirely out of debt, and indeed Jiad money in bands— some few pounds—at tho present time, he agreed with Mr. Barrett that they ouuht to have another meeting at Cooley's, and hear the matter discussed, nnd both sides of the question fairly tir^ued, (applause). i-r. 13. S. Jiarreusaid in order tu put tin- question fully before the ineeiinu, he til ived tint the protest j -.V. real, tie adapted, and .%igne I as s jon a- {iossifi!e, an i Torwardel to the Governor. He differed with hii friend, Mt. Worley, for not only could he see nothing o'lje.-unliable in ffle protest, but lie thought; no delay should take place in sending it in, and that If possible it should be sont in to-morrow. He knew from conversations which he bad with a member of tbegovernmeut, that ministers were in favor of the Glenorchy Municipality (disapprobation), lie did not know, nor did be understand the reason why this should be, they say " you (New Town),are a pretty suburdaa Villa,and you can have your little municipality, you could meet in Town so nicely," (laughter), bethought they bad quite enough talking in Town, what with their upper house, and lower house, aud their municipality, there was enough of that. He should, as be said before, like to see the protest go in to-morrow, (cbcers), for it tbey were too backward they would find that the Glenorchy people would have all their own way. New Town would look well if they bad to say by and bye, " Please take us into your district, and let os come with jnu" (cheers). He felt in earnest in the matter, aud should not lose one hour in petitioning the government; let us begin to grumble, as was our privilege, before there was a chance of receiving an adverse decision. If they delayed until the circumlocution office had done their work, they would have to wait tome time, lie knew —when he was a member of the Municipal Council— that they bad bad to wait fur two or three months for answers to letters. He assured them, in some cases, lie had written to England and received answers to his letters almost us soon as replies were received from the government. He was afraid if tbey delayed too long that the influence which would be brought to bear oil the government Irom Glenorchy would induce them to sanction the petition from the Glenorchy people. The protest would strengthen the hands of the deputation, and he now moved it. Mr. Cato seconded. Mr, Carter reminded the meeting that this meeting was quite distinct from the one held at Cooley's, for that wob only a meeting of those who signed thepetilion, tin's was a meeting of all the ratepayers of New Town. "He admitted the protest might strengthen them, but he would suggest that a petition be also forwarded with the protest. Mr. Worley suggested that the protest should be read again, and although be was in favour of it, lie still thought it should have been moved at the last meeting. In answer to tlie meeting, Mr. Cato said tbey would be despoiled of about L5U00 assessments, by taking the boundaries as defined by the Glenorchy petitioners. C.D.C. Jones said it would not be so much, only about L3,147. The protest was here converted into a petition and.was unanimously adopted by tlie meeting, aud signed by the ratepayers present. Mr. Barrett now moved that this meeting nt its rising do adjourn until Monday evening at Cooley's, to commence at seven o'clock, nt which the ratepayers of Glenorchy be invited by public advertisement to attend, they would then have both sides of the question fully discussed. He hoped Glenorchy would turn out a good muster, and that the ratepayers to a man would attend. Mr. Worley seconded, and the resolution was unanimously carried. A vote of thanks was cheerfully accorded to the chairman, and the meeting closed. 