NEWS AND NOTES. On Monday, at the Plank Road Hotel, Ballarat, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of James Clegg, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place about the 12th instant, in the Speedwell Quartz Mining Company's claim, and was caused by suffocation from drowning, but how, or by what means his body came into the above-named dam there was no evidence to prove. The deceased was fifty-two years of age, and a native of Enniskillen, Ireland. He left Ireland when he was nineteen years of age, had lived in Canada some twelve or more years, thence went to California and some six or seven years ago came to Victoria. He stated to a witness named Richard Barratt, with whom he resided, that his mother was living in Ireland, his wife was in West Canada, and he had a daughter married. Deceased was a bootmaker, and a hard drinker, decidedly, but very quiet. He drank a great deal on Wednes- day and Friday, and on Saturday was suffering a recovery. In the afternoon witness was reading a newspaper in the Plank Road Hotel, when the de- ceased came and asked for money to get a drink. Witness got him a pint of ale, and believed he had not had any other drink that day, "but he ap- peared to have the horrors pretty strong on him." On Thursday, deceased told witness that on the previous day he had had "twelve nobblers of liquor and three pints of ale, and that he felt no ill effects of it that day." Witness saw no more of him, but identified his cap and pipe that were found in the dam. Henry Snell, miner, deposed to having, on Saturday afternoon, seen the deceased proceeding, in his shirt sleeves, towards the spot where his body was subsequently found. Other witnesses deposed in corroboration, and as to the finding of the body. James Sutherland, M.D., tendered the medical evi- dence. The business in the Court of Mines on Monday comprised the settlement of the injunction line in the Nelson and Defiance suit pending the decree therein, the taxation of the Nelson Company's costs in the suit Working Miners Company v Nelson Com- pany, the reception of the manager's accounts, and the discharge of the management. The Working Miners Company having withdrawn the suit the gold lodged in court, to the amount of £1976 12s 6d, was ordered for withdrawal by the Nelson Company, the law costs of the Nelson Company being taxed at £170 14s 8d. In the Nelson v Defiance suit there was £2705 15s 9d worth of gold lodged, and that was directed to be deposited in bank at interest, that bank being selected by the clerk of the court which would give the highest rate of interest. The manager in both suits, Mr Cowan, was dis- charged. At its rising the Court adjourned till the 2nd February, 1864. Mr Hugh Cushing, of the Sons of Justice Com- pany, Bald Hills, received a severe laceration of the foot with fracture of the bones of several toes on Friday, through getting entangled in the puddling machine gear. He is now in the Creswick District Hospital under the care of Dr Starke, and is pro- greasing favorably. It seems that there is no probability of the All England team visiting Geelong. It appears that Mr Marshall requires £500 for the team to go there; at the announcement of which the Geelongese held their breath in astonishment. The proceeds of the gates and all other sources of revenue Mr Marshall proposed to give to the Geelong club provided the above sum was paid to him. It appears that the amount received at Geelong on the last occasion of the visit of the All England Eleven was not such as to induce Mr Marshall to take the team there on the same conditions, as it is understood that Messrs Spiers and Pond lost money there. At the meeting of the Water Commission on Monday, it was agreed that the owners of boats should be allowed to place them on the Wendouree Swamp on obtaining permission from the Commis- sion. The request of the Regatta Club to be allowed to place its boats on the Swamp and build a boat- house was opposed by the majority of the members of the Eastern Council and some members of the Western, and was postponed, as was the application of "the Wendouree Steam Navigation Company." At the Creswick Police Court, on Monday, before Messrs A. and S. Lewers, justices of the peace, Thomas Yonsen, commonly known as Italian Tom, waa charged with indecently exposing his person on Saturday night to Mary Roder, a girl aged eleven years. The prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labor. Mr McFarland for the defence, and Sergeant Archibald for the prose- cution. Mr Ralph, one of the defendants in the matter of the petition of Messrs Hunt and Opie, petitioners for the winding-up of the Lal Lal Lignite Company, informs us that the debt sued for should have been reported as £7 instead of £70. The Sir William Don and Republic case is ex- pected to come on for hearing in the Supreme Court early in the Christmas week. The water is not sinking in the Royal Saxon shaft, and baling has been discontinued there. This com- pany is proceeding with the new shaft briskly. The Rising Star Company, Creswick road, has not yet got into paying ground. The men are still lifting dirt and washing, but the look of things present is decidedly disagreeable. In fact there is a growing impression that the company has been somehow mis- led by the representations made about the ground. At the meeting of the Western Council, on Mon- day, the engineer was deputed to prepare a plan of 200 acres of the Town Common, adjoining the Botanical Gardens with the view of attaching it to the latter for acclimatisation and other purposes. A tea meeting, in aid of the funds of St. Stephen's Church, will be held at the Eastern Town Hall, this evening. The weather during the past week has been of such an increasingly inclement character, that people are really beginning not jocularly, but in good ear- nest, as it were, to promise themselves snowballs at Christmas. It is at any rate practically true that though occupying such widely different spots on the globe, there is every appearance that Great Britain and her colony Victoria will be able for this occasion only to celebrate Christmas under nearly similar meteorological influences. The general run of the weather we have had lately may fitly be de- signated a prodigy. To say nothing of the all but incessant rainfall for so many months of the depart- ing year, we had on the afternoon of Monday week that sudden outburst of thunder, lightning and rain which affected and deluged the Durham, Bulla- rook, Fellmongers, Ascot, the Springs, and Coghill's Creek, but was not known to Ballarat, except by the sight aloft of a heavy black cloud, the hearing of one loud clap of thunder, and the phenomenon of a very speedily-swollen creek. At an early hour on Sunday morning last the inhabitants of Ballarat were aroused from their slumbers by heavy peals of thunder, flashes of the most vivid lightning, and rain which fell not long, but as whole water. The entire day was gusty and showery, and at about noon, the wind being from the north-west, the air was piercingly cold, the barometer so low as 27.625, and the ther- mometer 44.8. Towards evening the barometer stood at 27.725, and at 9 a.m. on Monday 27.825; the thermometer 31.2. At mid-day on Monday the bar- rometer stood 27.836. The barometer, in fact, has been sinking rapidly since the morning of Friday, when the vernier showed 28.448, The high wind and heavy rain which prevailed during the whole of Sunday night, and the early hours of Monday morn- ing must have done great damage to the crops and to the newly cut hay. Beyond the facts that the German gymnasium in Dana street has been blown nearly four feet out of perpendicular towards the Main road, that the front of Messrs Minton's shop has been stove in, that great inconvenience has been sustained by the residents in low-lying localities by the flooding of their premises, and a very general stoppage of business, we are not aware that the severity of the storm of the last forty-eight hours has been materially felt in Ballarat. As we write, though the barometer has risen to 27.836 the weather seems little disposed materially to improve. The wind prevailing on Monday was generally from the south-south west. We may here be allowed to make fresh allusion to the rainfall of the year and to bring it down to the latest moment-our material being derived from the records kept at the District Survey Office. The rainfall in the district during November amounted to 2.56 inches, and that of the preceding month to 6.25 inches. Some time ago we showed that the rainfall up to the end of September amounted to 24.84 inches, which was considerably more than fell during the whole of 1862 (21-57 inches) The total rainfall of the year so far as it had gone (i.e. up to the end of November) amounted to 33.65 inches, the largest recorded, in- somuch as the heavy rainfall of the whole of 1860 only amounted to 32.63. The rainfall of the past eleven months has been very evenly distributed, and has been under two inches in the instance of only one month. Up to 4 p.m., on Monday last, the rain that had fallen, since the opening of the present month, amounted to 2.23 inches, al- though but fourteen days of it have passed, and this measurement, added to the figures up to the end of November, makes the unparalleled, so far as is re- corded, amount of 35.88 inches for the year, so far as it has gone, or 3.25 inches more than the total rain- fall of 1860. The rainfall during the early hours of Sunday morning when registered at 9 a.m. on that day was found to be 0.28 inches, and at 9 o'clock on the ensuing (yesterday) morning 1.53 inches. The elevation of Ballarat above the sea is 1438 feet. To these general observations we may fitly ap- pend the following memoranda received from two of our country correspondents:- "At Linton we were visited, on Sunday morning, by one of the most terrific thunderstorms ever known in the district. It commenced about half-past twelve a.m and lasted for two hours-rain falling in torrents during a great portion of the time." Our Creswick correspondent remarks:- "The weather, since Saturday, has been very wet and stormy. Numbers of trees have been blown down, and the best crops about Smeaton and other parts of the district laid quite flat." The want of a local lunatic asylum, or of addi- tional accommodation for lunatics, is seen in the fact that several unfortunates, male and female, are at present detained in the Ballarat Gaol for want of room in the Yarra Bend Asylum. How many are from the same cause detained in Melbourne and other prisons we cannot say. One of the Ballarat lunatics is a young girl or rather prepossessing ex- terior, of whom it is said that some miscreant of the genus "swell" has taken advantage during her lu- nacy, and prior to her falling into the custody of the authorities. One male lunatic is laboring under the impression that he has committed the unpar- donable sin against the Holy Ghost, and that it is his bounden duty to do penance by way of fasting. He refuses all nourishment, and the gaol surgeon and his aids have had to forcibly inject essence of beef into his stomach to prevent absolute starvation. The Police magistrate attended at the Western lock-up on Monday, and disposed of two drunkards named Timothy Noonan and Thomas Moriarty. The latter was fined 15s, and sent to gaol for forty- eight hours, for assaulting the arresting constable, and the other was sent to gaol for forty-eight hours. A meeting of the members of the Cricket Club was held in the Buck's Head Hotel on Monday even- ing. Mr E. J. Lewis was voted to the chair. Mr Shoosmith, Mr Marshall's representative, was present to see what arrangements could be made with the club for the match with the All England Eleven. The following conditions were proposed by Mr Shoo- smith- "That the club give up to George Marshall the entire of the interior of the ground, reserving to itself the pavilion and present grand stand, the con- ditions of the above to be furthered by the purchaser of No. 1 booth supplying free of charge luncheon to the players, and free admission to the ground to members of the club on production of their tickets." Captain Sweeney said that they were getting nothing. They ought to get £20 from Mr Marshall. Mr Shoosmith would give £20 if the club gave up the grand stand. Mr Sweeney would be willing to give it up for £30. Mr Murray was opposed to running the club into debt. Mr Shoosmith said that the landlord of the pavilion ought to give the club a handsome donation. After some further discussion the Ballarat Club refused to assent to the above terms. Various suggestions were then made, and an agreement was finally come to as follows:- "Agreed between the Ballarat Cricket Club and George Marshall, that on the occasion of the match between the English cricketers and Twenty-two of Ballarat and district, that the whole receipts from the sale of gates, booth sites, grandstand, together with the present stand on the ground shall belong solely to George Marshall. The exceptions are that all members of the Club, on production of their tickets of membership, shall have free admission to the ground and stand. George Marshall to provide luncheons for the players, umpires, and scorers." In addition to the above Mr Shoosmith agreed, on the part of Mr Marshall, to give a handsome donation to the club towards the local expenses of the match. The days on which the match will be played are the 11th, 12th, and 13th January. This concluded the business. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes on Mon- day as follows:- Weather not permitting, and the state of the roads being equally unfavorable, the Councils are unable to obtain quorums. Tea meet- ings stand adjourned, and lawyers, their clients, storekeepers, and others, are patiently wait- ing for the summer. The meeting of the Browns and Scarsdale Borough Council to- day was further adjourned, solely I presume, on account of the weather. The tea meeting announced to be held this evening, at the Wesleyan Church, in aid of the church building fund, for which great preparations had been made, could not possibly come off, and consequently stands, adjourned till Thursday next. On Sunday special services were held at the church, the Rev Mr King and Mr Silas Hodges, of Ballarat, being the preachers. The choir, which is composed of the best musical talent in the locality, excelled itself in the effective man- ner in which it rendered the anthems and other pieces of sacred music selected for the occasion. On Monday, at the Plank Road Hotel, Ballarat, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Thomas Holden, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on the same day at the Plank Road Hotel, arose from natural causes, being caused by apoplexy of the brain. The deceased had been in the employment of Samuel Sugden, carter, for the last five or six months. He was about twenty-five years of age, and had an uncle of his own name a master-carrier, who was living "well-off"near Birmingham. Samuel Sugden de- posed that the deceased was "inclined to drink," and witness had frequently seen him drunk. "When he got his wages on Saturday night he never had any of it on the following Monday. He appeared to enjoy the best of health." Joel Bushby, proprietor of the hotel, deposed that the deceased "drank habitually colonial ale, and occasionally gin, but not often." On Saturday night the deceased was twice in the house, and went away about two o'clock , on Sunday morn- ing. He returned about nine o'clock, remained there all day, and slept there at night. When he went to bed at ten o'clock he was perfectly sober. He got up on Monday morning, had his breakfast and a pipe, and then went into the yard to cut firewood. He was cutting wood from seven till nine o'clock a.m. Half- an-hour afterwards witness' little girl came in and in- formed witness that deceased was dead. On going into the yard witness found him lying on his face with the axe underneath him. Jas. Sutherland, M.D., performed the post mortem examination, and tendered the medical evidence. At the Smythesdale Warden's Court on Monday the following causes were brought on for hearing, and dealt with as indicated:- Heale and others v Whitehair and party, application to be put in pos- session of abandoned ground adjoining the Rose of England Company's claim, at Campbell's Hill; or- der to be put in possession. Randall and party v Davis and party, application to be put in posses- sion of abandoned ground at Springdallah. The hearing of this case occupied a considerable time; a number of witnesses on both sides being called, some of whom must have committed gross perjury. The plaintiffs and witnesses proved the eight men's ground was pegged off on the evening of the 27th November last, between six and seven o'clock, whereas the defendants adduced evidence to show that the plaintiffs were not even seen on the ground during the whole of that day. The defendant Davis deposed that he marked off twelve men's ground on the following Monday, at half-past four in the morning, and the defendants came three hours after and put in their pegs. A race evidently then took place to the registrar's office, at Linton, the defendant Davis being the winner by about half an hour; order for registration for the plaintiffs. Weatherell v Lyall and party; no appear- ance. Whitby and party v Hislop and party; no appearance; Souden v Roach, encroachment on the defendant's claim at Browns. The Warden said he must have the surveyor's plan of the ground, and postponed the case for a week; neither party to work the ground in the meanwhile. The Wombat Hill Company, Daylesford, declared a dividend, on Monday, of £8 per scrip for the fort- night. The members of the Western Council have re- solved on applying to their brethren of the East for a joint meeting to arrange a uniform scale of fees chargeable at the vegetable and fruit markets in both townships. There was a change of chairs in the Loyal Bal- larat Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., on Friday evening, 11th inst., when Bro. V.G. James Eddy was elected to the N.G. chair, and Bro. Henry Scott to the V.G. chair, and Bro E. W. T. Chamberlain, was elected secretary. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, John Bowles, alias "Fly-by-Night," and John Bell were sent to gaol for three months, in default of paying a fine of £10 each, for assault and disorderly con- duct in the Main road, at three o'clock on Sunday morning. At the meeting of the Water Commission, on Monday, it was suggested that Mr O'Shanassy and Mr Johnston, the late Commissioner of Public Works, should be invited to Ballarat with the Governor at the opening of the water works. Our Linton correspondent, writing on Monday, says:- "Mr Baird, of Mount Bute, has just called and informed me that some evil-disposed person or persons did a few nights since destroy, by cutting down, half a-mile of fencing on the Mount Bute Station, on the Pitfield and Skipton road. Mr Baird has offered £20 reward for information that will lead to the conviction of the offenders." At the Learmonth Police Court, on Monday, before Messrs Thomas Learmonth and Thomas Bath, Justices of the Peace, the following civil causes were dealt with as indicated:- Daniel Mulcahy v William O'Brien-The defendant was charged with being the owner of a brindle dog which on the 8th instant rushed at and endangered the life and limbs of Daniel Mulcahy on a public highway within the shire of Ballarat; fined 20s, and 5s costs. John Brennan v Oliver Barclay, £48 14s 3d, wages as a hired servant; order for amount and 5s costs. Richard Trout, of High street, Learmonth, applied for a hawker's license with cart. This application, which had been postponed on last court day, was granted. Charles Stewart, of High street, Lear- month, addressed the Bench requesting leave to file an application for a hawker's license, which he had forgotten to do at the proper time. The chairman said that the applicant must send in his application on the next quarter day. We have received the sum of £1 1s from Mr W. Corneille, in aid of the funds of the Explorers' monu- ment. In our report of the proceedings at the Borough Council of Ballarat, on Monday, it will be seen that, with a letter from Mr Jas. Baker, was received, though not produced, a bottle filled with noxious water taken from a well- known drain on the south side of Sturt street. The following is a copy of the in- scription on the bottle- "Water of Death ! This celebrated specific is respectfully dedicated to the Mayor and Councillors of the Bourough of Bal- laarat by the ever-grateful Burgesses of Sturt Street. It is manufactured from the choicest specimens of decayed Vegetable and Animal Matter, and is guar- anteed to produce Cholera and any other epidemic. Beware of spurious imitations. None is genuine except gathered at the Corner. Sold wholesale by all the Councillors." The clearing sale of the Mechanics' Institute auction bazaar was held on Monday night, when Messrs Carver and Dyte disposed of the remaining goods. As usual, some of the goods went at absurdly low prices, while others fetched full value, the rule, however, being that on the side of cheapness. The "Death of Chatterton," for which £15 had been bid on a previous night, sold for £4. The Geelong Chronicle is responsible for the f0llow- ing:- "It is stated that Mr O'Grady intends to bring an action for libel against Mr J. H. Brooke, the liberal, patriotic, and talented member for Geelong west. The cause of action arises out of some after- dinner small talk-Mr Brooke, having, it is alleged, charged Mr O'Grady with being returned to Parlia- ment by the funds of the Victorian Association. The damages are understood to be laid at five thousand pounds." 