EARLY CLOSING. To the dtitor of the Ierald. Si::,--A letter bearing tile signature of Senex ap ': l in last Wedncesday's issue of the IHcrald ic:ut me to crave the insertion of the following -:t. !pt at a reply thereto, and I hope that argu t:llt and ussertions will hlavo their due weight ;.:ith the thinking portion eof the community. Senex ..:, " tle young men are very acutely alive to their ?o;i interests, and seem to think the public vwere created only to support shops, and shops opened oenly to support shopmen." It isone of tel laws of nature, that each iadividaal, without encroachiing on the rights, privileges, or conveniences of others, shetai hove a certaitt regard bor numaber one, and ecit Sonex shews tlhis to be the ease, for Ioe goes on to ??y that, "the public will obstinately and per voersely think that thie shops were opened as mnuch for their use and convenienae as for the henefit of thoso employedt in thtem," thus arguing that the pub !ie rrc " as ncutely alive to ttheir owas interests," as lit sssumlnes lthe slopmlenc to he. As flr as the "ont iLiu iorld" is Coneeruted permit mo to itnform him li.tst a memorial is lyittg at the bhauhs atid at the aII1t:italtlis' institlute, add ressedt to thoe tayor, re ar tiang timt to colnvee a pullic meeting, itot for ?,tirpose of closing by a smmaory proclanmation ili :laces of brc sioess-th ot saiti o the viewy of calling !'t our m-embers it their places it p?rli?ament to ' ,se an Algerineo Aet simtilr to the curfew of astiL hioe; buh, otnd I beg hlil serious attentlon- a the Isurpase of considariing the astvisahility of si tig htlates of Itsites at 6 p.m.--tni as wite oare h. t Stl",vint a tlhorouogh exSpressionl of opiion Lo hld he obtoiied, se trust that all interestd, " ther ;·tchasers or sellers ttill ttteintl." Titis is a fair, fnihtetirritd aide of rocerditre, surely, nttd lios : elady r?ectived the sfcttio of trhe mwjority of tihe y, said tlt irifltentiti peraaon. Neittiei tuilei tieers (os Itir its I hitout) tir bhiOtitet tsvet as yet signIed this shea tIIast i, it heitig the IIwsihI ii she littler that ini their ellirit io ohitlit the hooti bltc o sit uhelittintely tai iers i -tf '"' ItitInt thewie, Ittilt it thrir iwn i lree- iwill usy ''iso ti it0t piuhs e tifier six ii.m ionetx iutot S';,~t:!1aob l tt lt o ht1 in hyot ysi " le( I'rgOllU thu .:itttti"tli hut w il Ito utri iisi II wII 5+++, |o, tl+ta 100 abups will bu upoe tisl d]is /l' ", o n(tln pl t.IY lv "e, and Muse s one; adUa '• ] :V i+llelirl ,, ll r lla IIlu sll M llll?s I/i~it +l to oto,'daily." This may happen when the millenium arrives, but not till then. As for lectures and readin-rooms, nonto-atendac thereat is as much uttrihutsale to tih old committee of the mechanics' institute as to any other cause-to quote an influential msember, "the feeturea were very dry,"(I except of course the late one on Japan). However, from the recent formation of philharmou ic and discussion classes, there is seomne hope of a little life amongst even the dead bones. Senex will pardon me for imagining that he has doffed the toga virilis, and like HIercules gone to the distaff. le really must he the original Dame Partingtoo or the ghost of thle late Colonel Sibtborpe, when he permits his mind to be agitated with such foancied results from the proposed "innovations." But Senox, whilst ignoring shopmen, clerks, and such small fry, boldly steps forth as tile clhampion of the "a rtisans, and othilers, whose hour for leaving off is six o'clock," and gives a touching picture of tho distress his pets. will be subjected to if curly closing succeteds in this our town. Imagine tlhe cur sposa of the toiling mechanic, "leaving children to set fire to lthem selves.".-Iorrible!l horriblell most horriblel!l Could not the dear little things be put to bed, and strict iljunctions given to papa, that if the baby cried lie 0vas to nurse it, or rock the cradle? As for "dressing andt cleaning them, and dragging them with them," it is a likely thling to be done in dark, dreary Goulburn, oa a wet sloppy night in wilnter; why if suet things did hIappen, tihe mayor and aldermen woult have to turn out us specials, in order to prevent the loss of life thlat woult occur, if no assistance were at land, thlroughl the youngsters becosming foundered in quasgmires, or carried away down the culverts ioto tie sWollondlilly or lMulharree. I cerlainliy hope thlat ull sltopkeepers or customers sill have tie good sense to reco",,is, the existence of the principle of mutual dependence of one class on thle other, and that nio section will be carried away by a "false enlthusiasm," either for or against this movement. Let our motto be "tho greatest good for the greatest number." I am, Sir, Your obeditent servant, CORNEMIN. [If early closing involves the necessity of carry ing out Cornemin's plan of putting children to bedt sumtciently early to allow their mnothers to complete their shopping by six o'clockl, we fear it will be found as impracticable as his other suggestion, that the fathers should nurse them during their hours of workl. We cannot undertalke to insert any further communications on this subject.] 