TOPICS OF THE DAY. The rifle prizes will be distributed by Lady Daly on the Park Lands (600 yards range) this morning, at 11 o'clock. We regret to find that in consequence of an error in the Register of yesterday. which asserted that the prizes would be distributed on that day— several persons paid unavailing visits to the Park Lands. They may, however, go without fear to-day and receive—not the prizes they have won—but the best composition in the power of the Association to offer. This is the first occasion of so mortifying a failure, and we trust it will be the last. -The Government, as well as the Association prizes, will be distributed by Her Ladyship. By a general order which appears in onr adver tising columns it will be seen that the volunteers are to parade in front of the Armoury at 10 o'clock this morning, to proceed to the South Park Lands, where the prizes will be distributed. The Reedbeds Cavalry will form a guard of honour to His Excel lency the Governor, and will be at Government House at 20 minutes to 11. Yesterday we bad an opportunity or inspecting the improvements and additions that have recently been made at the Destitute Asylum. The ground floor of the building at the rear of the old Armory has been raised three feet, and another storey placed upon the top ot it. Tlub gives a few additional rooms, and some very great conveniences. The room on the ground floor formerly used as a sleeping apartment is now converted into a large comfortable kitchen, with every appurtenance for cooking victuals speedily and welL And adjoining this is a spacious and well ventilated room which it is intended to use for the j purposes of dining, co that the inmates instead of i taking their meals in their bedrooms as has been the j custom hitherto, will now be able to dine like human folks ought to. Close to tbis apartment there is a bath-room for females —a very nice and valuable acquisition to the establishment. In the middle of the room there is a large concrete bath into which hot or cold water can be turned, and around two sides of the walls there are a number of washing bowls, giving every necessary appliance for making oneself clean. Henceforward, tben, the inmates of the Asylum have no excuse to make if they are seen with dirty countenances. A broad and substantial flight of stairs leads the visitor to the upper rooms, which will be uwd for the moit part w sleeping apartment*, There are, however, a work-room, a lying-in-room. and an apartment for the none as well. All are lofty 4nd well ventilated, and present quite a comfortable Appearance, each room having a grate for use in winter. These rooms lead out upon a broad balcony, supported upon eliptic gothic arches, and neatly railed in. From it a very pleasant view of the North Park Lands and of North Adelaide is obtained. It is, however, almost a pity that this neat and well built corridor could not hare been built in front, so that the public might see the only part of the institution possessing any claims to architectual embellishment. The store room has been improved, and the men's apartments have also not been forgotten. The men now occupy the building known as the old Armory, and a similar bath-room to that erected for the females has been built for them. The bedroom has been plastered, and a few other etceteras attended to, which will materially increase the comfort of the male 'as well as of the female inmates. The whole improve ments hare been effected at a cost of £2,500, and have been most satisfactorily completed by the contractors, Messrs. Sparks & McMinn. A Parliamentary Paper has been printed, shewing the items proposed to be expunged from the "Pablic Works, Buildings, &c;" They are as follows:— Additions to Lunatic Asylum, £2,000 ; rebuilding Government Souse Guardroom, £350; Narracoorte Court House, &c;, £2,50tf; repairs to Flinders Monument, £300; fence-wall in front of Lunatic Asylum, £150; roads and footways, North-terrace and parade, £700; Port Adelaide deepening im provements (portion of £4,000), £2,500; Port Adelaide Lighthouse, £4,000. Total, £12,500. We hare received a copy of the first supplement to the Institute Library Catalogue. This catalogue contains a long list of books, carefully classified, and will be found an important addition to the former list. It is on aale at the Institute. We regret to learn that a telegram has been re ceived in the colony to the effect that Mr. Thomas McLaren, well known here as formerly having had a drapers' shop in ffindley-stwet for some time, dropped down in one of the streets of Melbourne, where he has lately been carrying on business, and expired in a very short time. Friday was a most disagreeable day in Adelaide. ! The sun was oppressively hot, and a north wind was I blowing, with occasional clouds of dust. In the evening there was a great deal of lightning, parti cularly towards the north-east and the west. The barometer fell considerably in the coarse of the day. I Hie summer meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club wQI commence on the 30th December, and last the three following days. An advertisement will be found in another column on the subject. The Government Bine Matches were completed on Friday afternoon. A list of the scores, as also the prizes, will be found in another column j The Bey. W. Harcus delivered a first-rate lector* upon Oliver Cromwell last night at the Institute. He started with an allusion to the misconceptions that were, till lately, held with respect to Cromwell. Twenty years ago he was considered a hypocrite—a regicide—and his name was mentioned to stop the noise of crying children. Now, however, his charac ter and works were better understood, and he was regarded as one of the best, bravest, and most self-denying men that ever lived. Glancing at the' conduct of Charles L, end the causes which led to the revolution which brought Oliver into prominence, he quoted from Cromwell's letters, and referred to his private and public consistency to show that bis reli gion was true and real, and not canting hypocrisy. He then proceeded to analyse those points in Ohver'a character which were considered most vulnerable, viz., the part he took in the King's death, and his conduct at the battle in Ireland. With respect to the execution of Charles, he said it was a fatal error ; but as the King had violated the fundamental prin | ciples of the Constitution, by acting without his Par liament, and levying taxes, &c;, on bis own responsi bility, the bond between him and bis subjects was severed. Then Cromwell did not take the initiative in the matter. He contended the King was justly deposed from the throne; bnt at the same time be admitted he was unjustly put to death. Poli tical crimes should never be expiated on the scaffold. He was not swift to shed blood, but he believed, with Macaulay, that Charles was judged rather by his death than by his life. Having referred to and tried to explain Cromwell's policy with respect to the battle in Ireland, he gave an eloquent and finely written mental portraiture of the great Pro tector. As a soldier, he said, he was bigb-souled, generous, and humane; as a husband he was affection j ate and faithful; and as a Cbrutian he was consistent, I devoted, and sincere. He was great as a statesman, warrior, and man, and his monument was in the liberties of the English people. He closed with a couple of quotations from D' Attbigne and Macaulsy, in commendation of the conduct and services of CromwelL Mr. W. Cavanagh, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, but at the same time took exception to the lecturer's estimate of Oliver's character in some points. Mr. D. Culley seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. Harcus replied, and the meeting ended. The Wedeyan Bazaar in aid of the Pirie-straet Trust was brought to a conclusion on Friday evening. The afldtr, which has been highly successful through out, has added, we imagine, somewhere about £400 to the fund. In the Supreme Court on Friday the rule of certiorari to quash the conviction of W. Humber stone for illicitly distilling was discharged. Mr. PaWr obtained a rule nisi to set aside the judgment of the Local Court of Clare in the case of James v. Lepps. In the Police Court on Friday Corbett and Jones, two of the three men who were committed the pre vious day to the Supreme Court for the robbery at the Golden Fleece, were charged with stealing a revolver from Mr. Finke's office, Carrie-street, belonging to Mr. John JtcDou&U; Stuart, bat were remanded for further evidence. The following is a summary of the Railway traffic for the week ending 13th October:—Port Line— Passengers, 5,290, £238 7s. 7d.; goods, 9i4 tons, 2 qrs., £234 16a. 2d. ; tolls on North Line, goods passing over Port Line, 913 tons, 2 cwt, £60 17s. 5d.; total goods, £295 13s. 7d. Total Port Line, £531 Is. 2d. North Line- Passengers—l,26l, £320 os. 9d.; goods 1,580 tons 14 cwt. 0 qrs. 4 lbs., £917 14s. 10d. ; less tolls as above, £60 17s. 5i Total goods, £856 17s. sd. Total North Line, £1,176 18s. 2d. Grand total, £1,71019 a. 4d. A correspondent sends as the following:—The quarterly district meeting of the TJ. A.O.D. was held at the Duke of Leinster Lodge-room, Kentish Arms, Kent Town, on Thursday, October 15. There were present P.P. Dobie, V.P. McDonald, P.S. Mathews, Treasurer Pearson, and 11 Delegates representing the ' various Lodges of the District. The Secretary read the balance-sheet and Auditors' report, which were adopted, entered on the minutes, and a vote of thanks accorded to the Auditors. Resolved, that the levies for the ensuing quarter be the same as bef are; that 100 copies of the district report be printed and cir culated amongst the various Lodges; that 20 fiineral regalias be ordered by V.P. Mac Donald, the same to be 2$ yards long and 6 inches wide, and tbe price to be 7e. An extra levy of 9d. per member to be made to cover the expense of the funeral regalia. A vote of thanks was recorded to the District Officers for toe action they had taken, in the Friendly Societies Act. Nominations for District Officers:—Proposed for P.P—P.V.P. McDonald, P.V-P. Aveling; for P. Treasurer—P.A. Benda, P.A. Pratt, P.P.P. Duriea; for Pwv. Sec—P.S. Mstb.ews. # The P.P. gave tb* password for the ensuing quarter. Toe meeting then, closed. We have to acknowledge receipt of Bigb/s Book Catalogue for September. There was a very good attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evening to witness the "Peep o'Day." This drams will be repeated this evening and on Monday night, and we must again urge those who wish to see a very interesting drama well pro duced not to miss these opportunities. Miss Gougen heim's engagement, we regret to say, terminates on Wednesday next, when we believe ehe will take her benefit, which ought to be a bumper. On Thursday evening the management have arranged with the colonial patentees of the new celebrated spectral illu sions to commence their exhibition at the Victoria Theatre. These illusions, popularly known as " the £ Ghost," are the invention of Professor Pepper and Mr. Henry Dircks, and were first brought out at the Polytechnic Institution at home, and subsequently used on the stages of the Britannia and Adelpni Theatres. They excited, as is well known, great ad miration both in England and on the Continent, the deception being perfect and the visionary figures not being distinguishable at a distance from living per sons, except, of course, by objects passing through them. The patent was introduced into Australia by Mr. Edward Wollaston, scientific chemist, Mel bourne, and has had immense success at the theatres both of Melbourne and Baltarat, and, in fact, where ever it has been introduced. The novelty of the thing will no doubt induce many persons to see it in Adelaide; and Mr. Solomon is entitled to the thanks of the public for the trouble and pains he has taken to introduce this ."Ghost" at the Victoria Theatre. [Abvt.]— Holloway's Pills.—The Perfec tion of Medicine.—Nothiog can surpass this restorative of the invalid. Let the maUdy be what it may, or be seated where it will, these fine purifying Pills will address themselves to its removal, and steadily accom plish their purpose. They cleanse the bl ?od, and by that means not ooh prevent the deposit of unwholesome materials, but stimulate the absorbents to remove all corrupt or worn-out substances. Thus have HoUoway**, Pills won their way to public estimation, which ia obtainable and retainable alone by what is intrinsically good. The significant^ of these remarks wiU be appre ciated by thousands who took tbesa Pills as a last resource, and derived from them renovated health ?ft?r iope ww nijsert alfcttiojwd. 