LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Alarming News. - From the Cape Argus we learn that the arrival of "Old Beeswax" in the Alabama at Simons' Bay created a wonderfull sensation amoungst the descendants of Mytheer Vaon Dunk, and the other res- dents of Cape Town. The reception of the Southern "Skimmer of the Seas" appears to have been delightfully enthusiastic, and for the time he was truly a South Afri- can "lion." Winn u,ipro«fliii>ir tl.o lhy, tho gallant Mouin»* .net a Hurihani » Bride," and innnejja X wooi-cl mid iron the ocean beauly in the presence oT n» multitude» or people. Crowds thronged (ho deeks oft hi «.terror til the üíorth," ,,»d i.nitutiu.m lo dinnoi« "'.,' BIO«omi .moil "UeoBivux" xHlh unsparing Hborul.tr Uni anny of tho lîtiglish mail stciinier '. manned v.u.N anil guvo three hcurly olle..«,» ivhicli wore duly LI. poiule, lo by the "pirates,» who "re deseribed us ti u finest liitofluIloMBiii "all creation." I1.-M.-S Vu!,,, ona also politely nnehored alongside *lho Alabama, and "friendly relations" «oro soon established bet«eon ti,, gallant ouminundors. Tho reporter of tho" Cnno"" ^irT7 who «us overjoyed at the « cordial greeting" 1,0 received from tho "gallant gonl lemon," gives a very Uniterme pho ograph ol the "Bovoi-";-Ilia faeo is «sharp aid intelligent," his wig 'î-rathor groy," his munnora «,,iiu. bio, very," and his ago four dozon years. Tho "gallant gentleinan' doon not aoom to ¡nounibcr hiniBelf with " superfluity of dress, for the only nrliolos of olothinu in which ho presented himseir to tho admiring g"j¡0 0fn!l onruptiirod reporter, «'oro " a nioustacho a la Nnnoleon " or Sirl-red.l'ott, and «a military frock coot of erov colour," hko nu N. S. \V. Y. B. At this roto "ltoes wax is not troubled with ieiy extensive tailors' bills butas ho goes « breokloss," tho "gallant gontlomaii" is doubtless of Highland origin. Tho Chief Officer of the Alabama must bo indeed a " stunnor," as ho " stands out of his pumps" at thttTOspeotablo altitndo of six font lour melles, und is thereby enabled lo koop u sharp look out from aloft for tho "Northern Lights." As the Ala-' bunill and Florida aro supposed to bo, at present, "scouring tho Pacific," they will, ns a matter of cour- tes-, drop into Port Jackson. Such an honour will, no doubt, be duly appreciated hero by tho lovers of novelty and excitement. In tho ovont of tho gallant " Old Bees- wax" visiting tho, ;. Metropolis of the Soutliom homis pltcro, wo shall .unquestionably^ invito (ho "gallant gentleman" to partaku of our" hospitality; and próvido him with a " tightoiioi'" of bread an« honey. ALDEIUIINIO Porcx ntir-y.-As publia mon in no part of tho world, particularly New South Waloj, over ono their elevation but to tim magnitude of their, virtues mid talents, wo wove much pleased to lind by an ndvortiso inont in Mbndny's papers,' that the worthy aldcrineu for Fitzroy Ward'aland so lull, in tho estimation of their eivio constituents that they woro invited to ii publie ban- quet-or ns tho invitation gracofully expressed it, " to lunch and liquor at tho Pump" in Orwell-street. The invitation having been graciously accepted, Thursday last was fixod for tho feast of 11011801180 mid the flow of pump. A commit tea was foruicd, and under its nblo management, it is needless too add, the demonstration «as a tremendous success. The "Pump," a splendid specimen of Australian untiquity in fino prcsor/ation, »as guilj^docorntcd with ribbon« and overgreons,, und from its lofty summit proudly floated tlio " meteor flag of England." 'The tables and scats woro placed in a cir "clo round the "pump," and tho splendid band of the Royal Iloinceopiithio Soeioty added liquid melody to on banco tho enchantment of tho scene Tho tables were profusely supplied with bread mid cheese, of tho most recherche quality, vthilsfcun ubundant stream of "Bo. uald's rovivor," und Cossiporo Cordial" tlowod from tho venerable nose of the " Pump," to gladden tho hearts of tho company, who imbibed tlio oxhiliraling vbovorngofrom, costly pannikins of tho purest tin, . At two o'clock pre- cisely tho dist inguishod guests of tho day arrived, and immediately took their seats on eitlior sido of tho Chair, tnnti, Timothy Thumper, Ksq,, who on this occasion ' sported tho collir of tho ancient order of Eurelia. The splendid ropnst having suiréred severely, tho chairman, in a "grent speech," proposed the healths of theirres pcotcd uldortncn, at the saino time enumerating, in alpha- betical order, the immense services rendered by timm to Fitzroy Ward in general, and " the vioinity of Orwell slrcet" in particular. liothnUlomion, whowerodreadfully cither affected by thoir feoliugs ov tho contents of the " pump," returned thankïj i., terms io touching and ten- der that tho Chairman, nimble toVcstrain tho velocity of his emotion, " wept like,', a girl." ¿Several' splcptlid speeches followed, interspersed willi appropriate songs mid music in honour of tho municipal magnates who con- descendingly contributed their quota to" ino general har- mony. Tho festivities «-oro kept up until.sun-down, «?hen, us the Herald invariably says, " thocontpuny dis- persed, all ovidently delighted with the proceedings of tho day." Wo trust this fino oxnuiplo^wiU bo folloncd by ovcry Word in tho city,, andithnt foe some thuo "lunch and liquor" will bo tho order of the day! AWFUL- WoitK,-Our senior daily " brothor chip " is certainly nn incorrigible joker. Kot au issue,- of what his correspondents aro fond of terming his " widely cir- culated and ¡nfluontinl journal," comos forth " in gor- geous in ray" from Hie "palaoo," but is brimful of wit and humour of the raciest mid most piquant description. Such funny and mirth-moving " mistakes," like tho 1111 oratorieal Treasurer's, never before excited the rcsibility of serious readers, whoso ngonies aro fearfully increased on tho following day by tho said " mistakes" being por« rectcd in " errnta " still moro convulsively comic. " Heneo loathed melancholy " is, ovidontly, our friend's motto, and a very wiso nnd profitable 0110 it is too. On JMondny last, amongst other, mu using 'mid interesting specimens of literature, our august "leader" favoured us with his version of " Tho Poodlo Pup Nuisanco Bill," a very comprehensivo and rcully " liberal " inoasuro re- cently introduced into Parliament by 0110 of our most eminent statesmen'.' Tho Pill is u," very elegant oxamplo of legiblativo profundity, and if passed, will no doubt be- come vory popular with the niombei's of tho " canino linley" of both sexes. Tho tenth clause of the Act, as givon by our iufalliblofriond, is oxtromoly neat, and runs us follows i-" For every dog laivfully destroyed linder this act, there shall bo paid to tho person so destroying the sum of two shillings nud sixpence, on proof to tho satisfaction of any neighbouring Juslico that such dog was BO awfally dostroyod by tho party applying for such reward, and that such dog so destroyed was immediately disposed of (to the nearest sausage maker ?) BO as to pre« vent any public nuisancaorannoyuiice." As this section does not define tho time when dogs moy be " awfully destroyed," w o prosunio that "proof" may bo tondored to any " neighbouring justice" by the destroyor lit any hour of the night, nnd the "hulf-bull" reward demanded. \7e can fancy tho " satisfaction" of our vrorthy friend, David Peden, ICsq., J.P., at being roused out of his " balmy " in the middle of tho night, to accept "proof" that s.omo yol|iing our nt Nowtoivn hud boon " awfully destroyed," according to law. Wo nre truly living in " awfully " queer times, and shall, thereforo, fed no great surprise, should somo " thorough liberal " seek to extend tho pro- visions of tho bit of bow-vow legislation to thoir otcners ns well as the pups themselves. We aro not fond of taking a "gloomy view" of things in general, but_«o confoss that at present there is room for appréhension, lost, through the active agonoy of a "liberal policy" tho colony be " awfully dostroyod " altogether;" BBIIXTAUI! HSBPIBM of A REAL- LIVE OAPTAIK. Tho gallant and almost incredible! feats of bravery of which N. S. Wales is almost daily tho sceno, especially among those " wild solitudes and awful SELLS ' topo- graphically and policcoflloially known as the Weddin Mountains, make her name "great in mouths of wisest eonsuro"-tho dosporato, struggle between Gardner and Sir Frod.'Pottingor, tho gallaut and determined resist- ance of Inspector Norton, tho uniform success of tlio British arms in buBhruitgingconteatsj-irratllûy not writ ton in tho Book of MoLoiie? But all tho daring dis- played in the Western Woods shrinks into insignt'fieaiico by comparison with tho exploit of a certain Eastwood, 1 who has topped tim infinite of heroism in the sonionhut mild and uuromantic regal suburb of Ne«town. _ Tho hero of the adronturo holds tho world-envied position ot .Captain to the'most cracked of nil the crock regiments i'tho"iV. R. ALU TjiKiix's," or "Nqwtown Scrubbers' - and "fatigued with tho enormous toils of « or" willi blank cartridges," lay like a warrior taking his rest "«ith bia martial shoots around him" in his tent (bedstead), whim suddenly lie thought ho "saw a noise j" to shako pfl'tlto inlluoiict) of tho drowsy god, light a candle, braco lum self up, find his sword, and hslen attontively for five minutes, was the work of a momont, mid thou ho came aware that somo ovil spirit of an acquisitive disposition wa^s trying to efTeot an entrance into his promises. " \\\ nu soul and body in tho action both," ho went to meet mo foo, and then onsaed a soeno which ¡B much better imagined than described, like Worner and tho Ghost ot tho Castle Spectro, ho stuck at nothing, and boldly »«. soiling the robber with, the'glitter of his stcord, tlio luttor turncd'round and lied before tho gallant Captain could touch him on tho ram with tho point. Unvmg thus taken tho shine out of tho desporndo, and put sovc ral cuts (guosts on'the sly of his own folmo rotninor, who has' boon giving "a small party in tho pantry) to serious inconvenience and nervous trepidation, he returned to tho arm» of Morphous, and.we are happy to say, is pro- nounced after a consultation of the must» oininent pt tho faculty to bo, notwithstuhding tho sunguinary nature of the encounter, entirely otri of danger, n fact which wilt bo speoitilly gratifying to,Captain laver, 1 .whoso ex- pressed ideas on that subject wo , havo, olacwll?«"» expatiated upon. ' * ' J - A DoimTrrjn COMPMMKXT.-Wo have often lookod with udnihtilinn at the true BritUh-soldior-liko appear mice of Captain l.n.or, , «--n form indeed , Where every god did nueiu (o set his sn«il, To gil" the world iisniirunuo of ti nulli t" but as ive gnxod, und readily udiiiittetl his mai mid capa- bilities nnd success in the pruiaoivorthy, tl.upgh some- what difficult tusk of teaching tho young volunteer ide-u not only how to shoot, but to walk (und " double, double toil and trouble," not Ui i-iin), wo did no1 ÍIIIIIKÍIID what u deep vein of satire was concoulod bunculh that buni-ded mid inoustnehio'd front broiuod and seainuil by tho almost tropical caloric generated in those lmril- fuii«lit butllu fields Ihodiiniiiiu, mid the paddocks of Cleveland ¡ bul wo soo by tho report of his farawell speech in the coluiiiiw ofoiirriKl.t-revei'ond-iinglut-äiiper.iiifiillililu-iite'iipiiblo-of. snying- er-doiug-anylhiiig-in-tho-sliglitest-doKi-reo-wroiig ¿«.uMic-oeular- miitutiuul-conleniporary, that under a maskod battery of pauogyrio, ho fire«! tim following little playful squib over the ln«nds of the devoted binni of .lono-ies, "browns, and ttobinsotis, «Seo. Speaking of the whola Volunteer body, ho roiunrki'd-" Ila ndvaiicod alato of discipline is-very gratifying to ino, and I have obsorvod willi grout satisfaction tho quick perec¡ilioii of tlio officers in taking iiilvuntugo of our defemitie position, and of the mon in selecting cover. I hope that frequent opportunities for individual practico in thin important branch of military instrueiioii may bo niriirded.* Sly Captain havers! How artfully, and yet uuectudlly have you promoted tho Voluntoor movemont ! How mnny napa! and mamas hnvo had their fears assuaged by those few- words, Thoir 'boys' quick perception of gottiiv,' onl ofhann'swny.wUlsocurüthoirJboiiig allowed to " play nt soldiors," atony rate, till til» "uiumiy" uripenrs, und tuoîr judgment in soloel ¡tig cow«-'v. ill fully justify any amount of nocturnal strolling in the domain, without i any personal injury from the questionable characters of .either sox, who prowl there during tho " tvitohing hourH of night." Wo may mid that in aecovduneo willi tho gallant CuptniiiVriiggestion, that full opportunities of instruction in this "important brunch," should bo au'orded^it.woiild bo n graceful net if tho present Min- istry could occasionally tear themselves away from thoir absorbing occupation of diing-nothing for tho good of tlio country, to carry out this laudable purposo, 03 they aro, by nature, most qualified to impart tho mysteries of "hole and corner " 'ttieties. Wo would also suggest Hint under such tuition. I ho most appropriate motto of tho corps would bo-"Tho devil take tho hindmost!" WHAT A PITY.-Notwithstanding the praiseworthy exertions of Mr Sto«'urllo obtain for lion, members tho "railway privilogo," whereby Ihoy wquld bo omiblod lo "establish little milliners" and " transport small parcels in their carpet bags," wo much regret to uiviounco that this (rilling indulgence lins not yet boon granted by tlio government. Iii tho Houso on Tuesday evening, imild breathless silence Mr S. put a touching question to lion. . William as lo whether tho government; lind any intention or carrying out tho virtuous resolution of, tho House res- pecting railway tickets of leave. In roply the minister btateil that very grave doubts existed whetltor the reso- lution «'as not an infringement ol' the 10,000th clause of tho Hallway Act of 15)58, and tho matter had therefore been referred to the wisdom ol' tlio Crown Titiw Oflieors* wigs. Wo understand llio.govei-ninont is disinclined to "carry out the resolution" for two reasons;-firs!, because their poor backs aro already breaking beneath tho weight of " censure" hooped upon (hem, and, secondly, because thoy entertain n strong repugnance to revivo the tr'aniportalion system in any form, oven tho "privilogo" of transporting members 'of parliament to their "little milliners" at the expenso of the public! " Hear, hear," say wo. Tins "IJBK'IT.F.V" llEi-oitr.-Wo havo wearily wndod through the pages of tho printed roport of the oridenru taken before tlio Select Committee in tho "Bentley" eaie-a document which will cost the country somo £700, The report_ will scarcely ropay pornsiil, unless to tho very few who.niay havo rcinniiied boopticul us to the author, or authoress, or belli, of the imposture. Tlio evidence is overwhelmingly criminatory nnd conclusive as to the originators of tho mendacious story. Tlio con- duct of Htib-iuspeulor Harrison we must admit to bo open to censuro, both ns rognrds tho course ho confesses to havo pursued, mid his subsequent betrayal of the lady (a far more heinous Bin of the two) ; but ive entirely and tinrcsorvedly concur in the opinion ho lins expressed, pix., that the " Bentley Mystery" is no longer a " mys sli'i-y," but (lint its parentage has been clearly brought home to its 'interesting and accomplished papa and mimina. A Cuitious WANT.-T11 Tuesday's Herald a gontloiniui named Kiss announces that he is"m want of " an entire Asv." Tho name of the advertiser and that of tho article he requiros cortainly leads us to a rather curious «moeia tion of idoas, but wo fancy Mr Kiss will oxperienco no elilficully whatever in obtaining the «mimili he requires the inaiket, just now. being well supplied with *. long rar'ti mis." tjitarlby, nnu nf our " privileged boros,".«, genius n ho has a disngrecablo habit of Unding fault with e.erylhing and everybody, except himself, remarked, on reading the advertisement, that the only place in Sydney where Mr Kiss could suit himself with a thoroughbred " enlire ass," «-as in tho vicinity of Maequarie-slreel, u locality that has long Been famous for tlie superior breod of "jackasses" in tho habit of browsing there. At the moment wo'did'nt exactly un>lerstnnd Sunrlby's meaning, mid before «ve hail timo to ask for nn explanation tlie «.jnie, fortunately for himself, had vanished lo attend 1111 rmigualion I KvritAoitDrNAitT Vr.iaiiT op Bpips.-During the week three fino criminal cockatoos have «ingod thoir flight from tlio cage al, Uurritnn, under what are called " extraordinary cirouinstances." Wo aro (old thal, after breaking out of their coll thoy oommjHod a burglary on f ho " watch to« w," (« hero w oro tho watchmen r) " forced the front door" passed the w gaoler's résidence," cros-ioil the innin yard " stuck up" fho cook house which thoy plundered of." brown tommy," te», sugar and other iiiuirios, and then elfected, what n líodornl Gonoral calls a " masterly rotrcal" over tlio wall, not ovon leaving a lock of their hair behind lo consolo thoir disconsolate friends, the turnkeys, for their absence. Tf IIICBO " «rnuk Sheppards" actually performed tho prodgics of priaon Immking attributed to thom, without distu.'oing tho re- pose of their guardians, nil we can Bay is that the amount ol'nocturnal vigilance oxo eisod in Berrima gaol must bo vory small ! THE AnsR.iriir.Y.-Two vpry serious accidents hnvo omu-rcd during tho «'eok at Iho Old II01130 in Mne qiiario-street. On Wednesday lltoro was a "count out," and on Thursday no " qitorutii'{juould bo mustorod. In referont e to tho first of thoso calamities, Mr W. Forstor mudo a vory affecting " porsonnl explanation" to tho etfect that on Wodnosdny evening, whilst lion. William was nobly defending (ho utility of his " works," 'ho (Mr V.) was in the Library ronding Hell's Ufa, but didn't hear tho Legislativo Boll ring nt all, a eiroumstance amounting to a " broach of privilogo " on tho part of tho soi'gcant ninjor ut arms ; for had the boll boon rung, he (Mir P.) would have boon " ntl thore" to assist in making a Houso. Tho lion, mcinbor attributed the »¡lonco of tho boll to the " rol.timnoss of tho pullio accounts," and bo lioved that (ho djsoaso had been caught by the bcll-rop», mid was consequently unlit for duty. Mr Buchanan said that ho and tho Baili of Patrick's Plains. woro in the *« smoking rooni^" prnoticnlly qualifying themselves to discuss the great" Smoko Nuisance Bill," and noithor of thom heard the bell. Mr Hotton said, ho was in the refreshment room enjoying a good " tightener"-didn't hour the bell, and if lie had «'as too busy to attend to it. Aftop ' thoso ' lucid'''explanations," Mr Speaker briefly summed up, and. tho caso was dismissed. l'OLIOB PBHDÍOAMEHTS.-Tho past wook lins ocen n very trying olio for the services of the now police. If rom Carcoar wo hear of three gallant troopors, whilst on . gaged " catching flies" in a paddock, being surprised and "dreadfully frightened" by the "ghosts" of Gilhort and Co., who, after stripping tho " dragoons" of thoir jackets mid arms, (leaving thom thoir logs,) nailed thom to a fence, and then masqueraded -for somo timo in the ' policemen's* uniform, af|er which thoy allowed thom to " skedaddle," qnd report themselves. At Goulburn assir.es, n mnn escaped a ehnvgo of murder, through n senior-sergeant- appearing in tho witness-box in tho Ítoienltal mood, anthuniiblo lo give ovidonco, for which ireach of otiquolta hu was ordered by the Chief Justice " to bo Boused in oold water," and was subsequently sentenced to six moths imprisonment for aontempt of court. At tho O.P.O. on Thursday, a Bobby, who was "suspended" on the 1st May, was " ranged" boforo the Bench for desertion from tho force, and Bontoncod to pay n fino of JBIO,'or- do o inonth a garrison duty nt Darlinghurst. At thoso decided proofs of the efficiency of the ** now system" Hon. Charles lins much reason to congratúlate himself-offering, as thoy do, a triumphant refutation of the " calumnies" BO unsparingly hurled against his " pots !" A' GKNIAL GLOW.-Tlio denizens of that " lins In TJrbo," Waverley, eortainly are shining lights in that Taro article, courtesy to their visi- tors. On a roeont visit of tho No. 2. Firo < Company for a practico muster, Ihoy actually aarriod thoir accommodating spirit to the extent of setting two houses on firo, that No. 2 might havo the pleasuro of putting thom oatt, and " returning to Sydney highly de ' lighted." \yó imagine tluit tlio olhor company would on the other blind get til* cold water thrown on them aelves instead ; for niter suoli n specimen or solf-snoriflce, it is clear tint the Wu.verltiyites du n't think much of No.l. IitPoiiTANT AMNOUNCEMRNT.-Tiu'sday nott b ing th i If east of Sal Af¡charl, we shall hnvo the honour ot u,,«..n lui.tinghei-Mnjiotx's Ministers, and thriv previous pur limiieutiu-y supporters, at our tuiituttt grund Öooie Unuqtiut, foi; which astonishing propnmliuiis uro now going on, linder the direction oi M. jjeltu.nu. A pceit liar ¡liloroit will ultiieh tu this year's festival, in i-uiisn quence of the " great Prime Minister" having graciously signified his intention of investing our much respected friend, Professor Shalvey, with the insignia of the Most Noble Order of St. Michael, as uu ncltiiowlcdgmeut of tho' I untiring exertion-« of the l'rofessor, to prouiotu tho pros- perity «if tho entire globe. 