TWO BLOCKS FROM THE CHRISTMAS FIRE. BY CAVIARE. 'Rather heavy that,' observed Major Whitley when I had ended. 'Why are young people-so fond of raising ghosts— even at Christmas ?' ' You forget papa,' said Kate, ' that Mr. Parkson was requested to sing a sentimental song, and that before complying, be explained its pur port at your desire.' ' Right my dear,' replied the Major, with an abashed air and penitent tone. ' Right always. Come and box my ears, Kate.' ' Wasn't the knight very forgiving ?' asked Mr. Davis. ?' Now, if I cared for a lady I couldn* find it in me to let her off so easily. For instance, I should challenge my rival to the cem bat, unhorse him, and cat off his nose as a trophy.' ' The age of chivalry is gone,*' said Fid, ' and God be with it,' he added ; ' its cant and fustian would not hold water in our days.' ' Right, sir,' observed the Major, ' and yet, when we were stationed in Ceylon, and bad no thir g bitter to do, we revived it a bit. We had duels over disputed cockatoos and camp-kettles. Some were wounded — some were killed in those little affairs of honour ; but anything rather than be blase.' I seized on the first pretext and descended to the Green-room. A light was burning on the table at which Lucy sat, writing. She lifted up her head as I entered, and tears were visible in her eyes. I was about to retire when she requested -me to remain. 'Three hours ago, Mr. Parkson,' she said, rising, ' I implored of you not to judge me harsbley. I as much as told you that I was bound to follow circumstances, and ask your good opinion to help me. You have broken your promise. When my heart is filled with anxiety for the fate of one to whose welfare I cannot be insensible, you came to strike me down with severe words and mortifying accusa tions. I know what you have seen. I know all', ' Lucy,' I said, ' will you pardon me for saying, that there are limits to the blindest credulity ? Perhaps I had no right to think I had an exclusive claim to your affections. The proof is plain that I had not. ? And yet, fool as I am, I have enough generosity to resign all my hopes, to bless my rival, and accept the defeat.' I sat down ; I leant my head on the back of the chair, and gazed abstractedly into the fire. ' He is no rival, I assure you,' she said. 'Then who is he — what is he ? why does he hide here like a criminal, afraid of the 'light ? Who is he?' That,' she replied, in a tone of trembling andecission, I cannot tell.' ' You will not tell ?' 'I implore you not to ask me — now.' 'Miss Davis,' I said, with a calmness which astonished myself, ' we shall say good-.bye this night. Under the circumstances, it would be unfair to embarrass you and humiliate myself.' ' No, no,' she exclaimed, we shall, indeed, not. Trnst me a day longer — one day, Richard.' ' To-morrow morning I shall leave for L ? . May his love make you happier than mine ever could.' ' And if,' she pleaded, ' the suspicions which you entertain shall be explained, and you shall know you have wronged me, where will the atonement be ?' ' In the consciousness,' I replied, ' that I have acted from no morbid feeling of jealousy -—that I have used my senses, and been convinced that my conduct has been just and honour able.' ' And yet you have been deceived.' ' Deceived ! Miss Davis. Is it deception that I accuse a lady of carrying on a secret correspon dence with a gentleman, and she acknowledges it? On your honour as a weman, did you not kiss a note, and hide it in his portfolio an hour ago ?' l» ' That is true — true.' ' Well, let the quarrel end here. God forgive you!' ' Hark 1' cried Lucy, springing from her seat and fixing a look of terror on the windows. -* My God ! he is lost.' The tramp of horses' feet, and the dull crash of grounded arms on the gravelled approach to the house, startled me. ' Gwad all the appwoaches to pwevent escape,' cried a shrill half feminine voice, in a commanding tone, outside. I beard the tread of men filing into the avenues that skirted the lawn, and the com motion which the circumstance caused amongst our friends overhead. Peering out tbrought a slit in the shutters, I could destinctly see the black uniforms and bright, bayonets of the police, drawn up in a double line facing the house. *? Lucy !' cried Mr. Davis, who had rushed down stares and stood agitated and pale in the ball, 'can anything be done to prevent a capture?' The crash of a musket-butt against the door resounded through the house. ' They will break it in a moment, Lucy ; is there no hope?' She knitted her hands accross her forehead,; and for a moment was lost in reflection. ' Papa,' she said, with startling suddenness, ' he must swing from the nursery windows into the walnut . Go, go — oh ! save him.' ? » A second crash of musket-butts at the door made our hearts leap with anxiety. Rushing up stairs, we found Miss Whitley, Fid, the Major, and the pale young man, collected in a whisper ing group on the drawing-room landing. ' Up,' cried Lucy, taking the latter's hand ; ' unfasten the nursery window and leap into the walnut.' ' God bless you,' he cried, and kissing her hands, darted up the stairs. ' Ellen,' said Lucy, to a terrified domestic, ' take all the books and papers you will find in the blue room and bide them in the air-bed. Be sure to fill it.' The servant dissappeared, and returned in a few minutes loaded with papers ; amongst which I recognised the accursed portfolio. Shortly . afterwards the hall-door was thrown open, and the police entered. There was a great clatter of feet in the ball, and a loud banging of doors, in the intervals of which the hum of voices, modified by an occasional shrieking order, reached us. In less than a miuute, a delicate knock was given at the drawing-room door, and a ir.an of some thirty summers, of slender person and. affected air, entered. Placing a glass to his left eye, be swept the room, when seeing Mr. Davis, be exclaimsd, in a minching snobbish style of delivery : — ' Beg. pawdon. Ve'y disagweeable, Mr. Davis, but my dooty, sir — ? — ' ' I can anticipate all your apoligies, Mr. In spector,' said Mr. Davis. ' Pray discharge your duty,' ' My dooty, sir, is of a pecoola'ly painful nature. But a man must not shrink, as you know, on that account.' Our host bowed. ' I am instwucted that you harbwa' a rebel here,' he continued, directing a look, meant to be facetious, at the ladies. Mr. Davis drew himself up. ' My house, sir,' he replied, with the last tinge of irony, ' never harboured a man who was ashamed to show his face to honest people.' 'Ve'y pwobable,' observed the inspector; ' 'spose I am to unde'stand that you have no rebel in your bouse.' 'You have my answer, sir,' said our host. ' Doubting that, have the goodness to satisfy yourself.' ' Because my instwuctions are,' the inspector went on, ' that ? who has taken up arms against the gwuvment of our gwacious queen, has been hiding several days in South bank Cottage.' ' Act upon your instructions, sir,' said Mr. Davis, ' You shall have every facility if you wisk to search.' ' It's pwainful — very pwainful,' soliquised the Inspector, as he tapped his dress boots with his dress sword. ' Have the men found any twaces?' be asked, turning to a constable who stood, musket in hand, on the door mat. ' None, sir.' ' Poked all the beds, fired up all the chimneys, tapped all the walls — have they V ' Yes, sir,' replied the man, with an ineffec tual attempt to suppress a laugh. 'Sergeant Watson pinked an air bed with his bayonet, and ? you should hear it speak. My eye !' ' Ah. Then draw off and repo't in the morn ing.' With these words the Inspector placed bis sword under bis arm, bowed separately to each of. us, and stalked out of the room. The men, who had tumbled down stairs from all parts of the house, quickly followed him ; and, in less time than it takes to tell it, peace and quiet were restored to Southbank. ' I breathe freely again,' said Lucy. ' Mr. ? has escaped. There is no one in the walnut.' Major Whitley,' said our host, ?' I may tell you, as an honourable man, that a brave young fellow, gifted above his years, the husband of i- charming,, and accomplished woman — a mar, whose only crime is that he has been too faithful to his unhappy country, has been my guest foi the last two days.' ' God bless him,' exclaimed the Major. ' God bless him.' 'Does the. circumstance compromise Major Whitley?' asked Mr. Davis, with same anxiety. 'Kate,' cried the Major, ' box Mr. Davis's ears.' We all laughed., .,'?1 hope he may escape the patrols,' said Fid. 'jAnd his papers,', cried Lucy. '..Oh, papa, I Feari he has no money.' 'I have taken care of that dear,' said Mr. Davis. ' I knew he was proud ; but I contrived to force the acceptance of fifty pounds on him this, morning. His papers will be safe in your custody, love.' 'Heaven prosper all brave men,' cried the Major, enthusiastically. ' Whether they forge, or weave, or fight, or write, Heaven prosper them.' 'And a double blessing,' exclaimed Lucy, with an inspired light in her eyes, ' crown the men who are not ashamed to forge, and weave, and fight, and write for Ireland.' ' Bravo ! cried the Major, striking the table. ' That's the stuff that makes revolutions — bravo !' and be struck the table again. 'Papa,' exclaimed Kate,' I declare you have broken a sugar bowl.' ' Then box my ears, darling,' said the Major, thrusting his noble bead into his daughter's lap. Did Kate box his ears? No, she kissed him tenderly and reverendly. Fid immediately gave her bis arm, and led her and the Major out on the verandah. Lucy touched the bell. , ' Oh ! I have such a wicked secret to tell you, papa,' she said, knitting her hands on the old gentleman's shoulder, and looking at him ap pealingly. . . : ' Pray, don't £.r: Mr. Parkson. Our friends .share our confidences.' ' A secret, dear.' 'Yes, papa. I have been so naughty, so im pudent, you will never forgive. Ellen fitch that portfolio.' 'I think Lucy is getting up a Christmas mystery for our edification, Mr. Parkson,' said Mr. T)avis. . ; ' ' ? 'Indeed she is not. Now you will judge, and Mr. Parkson will ;plead for me. Poor Mr. ? . You know ? ' ' Yes. I hope he is safe by this time.' ' Well, papa; a hundred- littler-things^ which only a woman sees, made me think he had no money, and I pitied him from my heart. This morning you gave me a ten -pound note as a Christmas-box. I enclosed that note in a letter and ? and — ? ,' Lucy hesitated. ' Well, dear : what did you do with the letter?' ' I kissed it,' ' Was that all?' asked Mr. Davis. 'Oh, papa, that was a j,r.'at de.4. But 1 kissed it only for the sake of dear Ireland, and then hid it in his portfolio.' 'You darling,' said Mr. Davis, passionately, as be pressed the noble girl to his bosom, 'you darling.' ' And, papa, and pray, look, Mr. Parkson, there is the portfolio, and here is the note. Read it, I beseech you.' Mr. Davis opened the letter, and took out the bank-note, and read as follows : — , 'Dear Mr. ? -Will you forgive the free-. dom I know I am guilty of in begging your acceptance of the enclosed ? Even should you not keep it for yourself, do so for the sake ol others who have incurred the displeasure of go vernment, and have no means to escape it. With this go — wherever it goes — the best wishes of 'Lucr Davis.' I heard the letter read, in a sort half- dreamy stupor, through which the recollections of my re proaches and suspicions flashed with painful force. I was penitent and humbled. Brave, generous, devoted little woman, nobly had sbe suffered, nobly had she triumphed ! Overwhelmed with shame, I turned my eyes away, only to encounter hers, deep, luminous and forgiving. We were alone. A light touch on my shoulder, a low voice in my ear: — ' Dear Richard, you are blameless. Had you been less provoked I could scarcely think that you — you cared for me.' ' Lucy,' I said, and the dear name thickened in my throat, ' You are all greatness, all gene rosity. I — 0 God pity me ! am unworthy to knew you longer.' 'No, no,' she sobbed; 'the trial was bitter —it was cruel ; let it strengthen while it humbles us.- Who is it that has not had something to regret— something to atone lor? We all need forgiveness.' '' I know,' I said, ' how you must despise mt — how the insulting words I uttered must havt stung and hurt you. Let my forgiveness be youi silence— my penance your forgetfulness.' V No,' she whispered. .' Were it a hundred times worse I could; forgive you; forget you I / could not. Dear Richard,' and she laid her head upon my shoulder — ' can you love me and speak of forgetfulness ?' ' Dearest, did I not love you I should never ' have suffered this terrible debasement. With you have been associated all the plans, the hopes, the aspirations which have grown up within mo since I shook off the wishes of. boy and assumed the; cares of manhood. If I have ambitioned riches, independence, whatever the world respects and applauds, it was for you, that you. might share them. For many years I have been build' ing up a home, that you might sanctify it. To part from you would indeed be misery ; and yet ' I deserve it.' ' Look at me,' she whispered. I raised my head — I gazed into her forgiving: eyes. All resolutions, all dreams of parting dis solved in their pure light. 'Dear Lucy, there ; shall be no parting. Whom God has united by such tender sympathies, though one should err, let no one separate. Place the dear hand in mine, and trust to me.' ' Dear, darling Richard ?' ' Only think of it,' cried the Major, bounding into the room, and drawing in Mr. Davis by the hand. 'Up comes the young rogue., sir, and asks me for Kate — to my face. And up comes '; Kate, sir, with a look which threatened that she would box my ears if I refused. What could I do but strike colours and surrender?' ' Well,' said Mr. Davis, rubbing bis hands and smilling, 'I suppose you did the. best fer 'the young culprits.' Here Fid, looking very impor- ' , tant, entered the room, Kate leaning oh his arm, flushed and diffident. , ,' ' Mr. D.ivis,' I said, taking Lucy's hand, ?? E ,'', am afraid there are more culprits, than our friends, s present. L-Jok on us. sir, and be merciful.' '; ; 'By Jove, Major, this is too much of a good thing,' said ouj host. ' Why, will no one marry me?' ' _,? ' ' ' Treason of -'ike blackest dye, sir,' exclaimed the Major, with a majestic chuckel. 'We shall be murdered in our beds.' 'We implore your clemency/ Bir, will the Major intercede for Miss Davis and me?' 'What does Lucy, say?' asked Mr. Davis, ? goodnaturedly. ~ Lucy blushed. ' , ' Silence, sir,' said the Major, with a show of mock confidence, 'is a rabid token of 'consent. Don't embarrass the young lady with questions. Pray don't?' ' My dear fellow,' said Mr. Davis, ' if Luc/ loves you, and you love her, no word of mine shall, interfere with your happiness. : May you. be worthy of her, and sbe of you. God bless you bOth.' ., ;.,.. ,,. , ... . ' There was a mqment's silence, in.the:hush of which our hearts- over, flowed with sweet delight — then the Christmas, bells clashed merrily on the frosty, air. Winding their arms round each other, the girls walked to the verandah, and gized out on. the lawn. ..And as, they. stood together in the heavenly peace of the December moon, and their shadows, mingled in a rich communion of beauty, lengthened along the floor, I saw in ene the blessed promise of a dear friend's happiness | and in her the tender realization of all noble hope. Such was my second. Christmas. The wis-* law of ' Compensation,' which balances and re julates our lives (however much the beauty of its operation may be .lost in the complexity of its machinery), presided over both, and from the darkness of one evolvedthe starlight of the other. Moralising is a prosaic function, because from, the pulpit of the heart eternal conscience preaches tn us constantly simple truths and divine con clusions,, whose importance is not enhanced by pretentious diction and mere pretentious gesticu lation. Yet, shall I be pardoned for saying, that the double daisy I have plucked from the road- . side of a common- place life holds a little moral in its tender heart and rosy surroundings — that to none of us is it given to despair; and* that the planet of Bethlehem, which led the Si^u-rds of old to the feet of the Messiah, still burns in : the cloudiest skies, and beacons us onward to the highest of alJ happiness — unlimited faith in the Providence of God ! : Surely the man may be envied who caa eat pork clioj s lor s;ipp;r ;ind sleep without & grunt. Milliners' bills -.are the tax which the male Bex .has to pay for the beaoty of the* female. ?:??'? Alas! my son, bow fleeting is all earthly bliss ! Did you ever meet a man who greatly cared for turtle soup after the fourth platelul 2 