THE MERCURY, FRIDAY MORNING, NOV. 27, 1863. AND SO the great siege of Meremere is raised. "The troops advanced to the attack, but found no enemy. The Maories have evacuated Meremere, and withdrawn into i the inter or." So our telegram tell us, and this is all it fell, except that " the end of the war is as far off as ever, and that General CAMERON will have his work to do before he subdues the Maories." For this we were not by any means prepared, and it would really have been a very laughable affair, only that it is too serious, under many of its. aspects, to be laughed at. We were put in possession in the morning of papers containing an account of the number and disposition of the troops under General CAMERON. charge. The number of the troops was supplied by Mr. BUSSELL, the minister of war, and may, therefore, be relied on. It is as follows :-" One regiment Colonial Defence Force, consisting of eight troops distributed thus: Auckland, troops (100 men) ; Hawke's Bay, 2 troops (100 Sten) j Wellington, 2 troops (100 men) ; Wanganui, 2 troops (75 men) ; total, 375, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, Waikato Regiments (the first two of 10 companies each, the third now forming), comprising in all 2,619 men, with 142 in the ' Imperial Transport Service,' but receiving colonial pay, making in all a force of 2,761 men, and a colonial army of all branches in permanent service of 3,136 soldiers. The Militia and Volunteer Forces consist of 3,176 in Auckland, 1,196 in Wellington, 552 in Wanganui, 810 in Taranaki, and 750 in Hawke's Bay. Adding all together, we get a force of nine thousand six hundred and twenty nine armed men, raised and equipped by the colony, and now on active service for the defence of the Northern Island. In addition, the colony has created a flotilla, consisting of the armed steamers Avon, Pioneer, and Sandfly, and has two smaller steamers now building in Sydney. There are 10,286 stand of arms at the various stations, and orders have been despatched to England for an additional supply of 3,500 rifles, 1,400 breach-loading carbines, and 1,200 revolvers, with the requisite accoutre- ments and ammunition." This, it will be observed, is irrespective of the regulars, which amount to about two thousand more, so that the whole force at this moment in the Northern Island cannot be less than from eleven to twelve thousand. And of the extent to which they were made available for the attack on Meremere, we may judge from the following, which appears to be in every way reliable :-" The troops are now nearly withdrawn from the inner lines of defence, and are, with the exception of about five hundred men, at the front. Their positions are taken up by the colonial forces somewhat as follows :- From Pohuro to Papakura, including all the stations on the South Road through the ten miles bush now cleared to a width of twelve chains are the first (PITT'S) regiment of Waikato Militia, now of its full strength, 1,100 strong. From Papakura to Otahuhu, including Wairoa, St. John's Redoubt, the Howick ranges to the sea, is held by the second regiment of Waikato Militia, under Colonel ELkULTAiN, was now 1,100 strong also, being composed principally of the Sydney and Otago Volunteers. At Otahuhu camp, occupying the isthmus at the Tamaki River, is the first part of She third regiment of Waikato Militia, to be commanded by Col. at present Major LYONS. There are now about 450 men of this corps at Otahuhu, and 150 more are daily looked for from Tasmania. It includes the last draught of 182 men from the South, per Phoebe. The last detach- ment of about 100 men per Kate from Sydney, and 60 men from Canterbury, who arrived a short time ago. Also, some lines dred mon or so raised in this Province, after the 2nd Regiment was full. The plan of the GENERAL regarding these corps is, to keep them behind the troops in such a position that they can take up any posts vacated by the advancing soldiers, until they reach the land on which they are to be settled, when they will be placed on the land in villages, with stockades, near enough to support one another, about a mile apart, by j companies. They will thus hold the land and keep open the communication with the capital for the GENERAL." It cannot, then be said that there was no preparation made for the attack on Mere mere, or that sufficient time had not been allowed for those preparations. They commenced early in July, and have been vigorously pursued up to the present time. Every opportunity has been afforded for watching the movements of the natives, both at Meremere, and throughout the whole of the Northern Island, and the wonder is, that such steps were not taken as to preclude the possibility of their escape. Up to nearly the last moment, those on the spot, possessed of the very best information, write thus "In military affairs we are all watching in anxious expectation for what any day may bring forth. This was the day fixed upon for the advance upon Mere mere, but it may be delayed a day or two, from the fact of the Pioneer, the new gun- boat, having burst a steam pipe in steaming down the Manukau, which has detained her until to-day in getting it repaired, and also the bad weather which we have been most unseasonably having for the last four days, and which must render the landing place at Meremere hill very difficult in face of opposition. All, however, are in daily expectation of a move, as with these exceptions all has been ready for a week past. The natives are still in great force at Meremere and Papnrata, where they have been building several redoubts and small pay to cover the weak parts of the position." The estimated number of Maories at Meremere at this time, and, in in fact, up to the very last moment, was two thousand, or from two thousand to two thousand five hundred. Against this real or imaginary force, General CAMERON masses not less than ten out of his eleven thousand five hundred to twelve thousand men, and yet when he marches up to the attack, he finds that he has no one to oppose. This is a most " lame and impotent" affair truly. It is a literal counterpart of the old catch The King of France, with his ten thousand men, Marched up the hill, and straight marched down again. Until more fully informed of the circumstances under which this occurred, we do not care to go further. But although not much given to vaticinations, it will be remembered; that we were always under the impression that something of this kind would take place, and that we never ceased to insist upon it, as a I probable thing from the first, until I now. Latterly, issued, from the confident tone of those on the spot, and from the formidable nature of the preparations by land and water, we were beginning to harbor a somewhat different opinion, but we could never divest ourselves entirely of our original one, and we now see how just it was. But we always coupled the expression of that opinion with another, which we have much satisfaction in now repeating. If the Waikatos, we ever said, do not stand their ground at Meremere, not only will they lose their prestige with the rest of the Maories as the most warlike of their race, but their lands will thenceforth become those of the British Crown, either by right of conquest, or, if we regard them as British subjects, as the forfeited possessions of vanquished rebels. Of course, this is on the supposition, that they are no longer able to recover their lost ground, of which there is not, in our opinion, the ghost of a chance, to whatever further trouble and expense they may be able to put us. There is, consequently, a serious, as well as a laughable side to this affair. There is, in fact, much more cause for congratulation, than for regret. Reverse the pick are. Suppose the Waikatos to have stood their ground, and our troops to have had to retire. What then ? We know how earnestly other tribes have been looking on, and how ready, say, how eager, they would have been to enter the rebel ranks, if there had been the least chance of success. But that is so far at an end, and when the other tribes are given to understand, as no doubt they will be, that the Waikatos have forfeited all right to their land by their rebellion, they will be long, it is to be hoped, before they put themselves in the same position. Whither the Waikatos have gone from Meremere, we know not, but south, we presume, probably never to assemble in numbers again, if their numbers at Meremere were not, as weak ways suspected, much over-rated. I What General CAMERON'S next move will be, it is impossible to say, or even to conjecture. He can hardly know himself. It must depend to no small extent on the movements of those of whom be past now, we suppose, be considered in pursuit. But whatever he does, or whatever the government of New Zealand do, they must never cease until they have made a signal example of the rebels, and rendered it impossible for them ever to take up arms against the QUEEN'S troops again. 