VARIETIES. TPsntwoeth attd SiXDOs.— Mr. S. C. Hall tells the following amusing anecdote, apropos of 'Wordsworth's fondness for tatting about himself: 'Wordsworth, and Haydon the painter, had been dining together in London, and both, rather derated ?with wine, -were -walking along the street, when a ' young gentleman seeing that they were somewhat unsteady upon their feet, offered his assistance ; and, eo leaning upon liis arm, the two great men were conducted to & coach-stand. Turning 4o the young gentleman, Wordsworth said, 'Sir, you have been courteous to a stranger; I will now tell you who I am. I am the poet Wordsworth.' 'And I said Haydon) am Benjamin 'Bobert Haydon, the historic painter.* The young man, who bad hitherto been eo attentive, dropped their arms immediately, and, in dignant at what he believed to be a hoax, ex claimed 'Ton are a pair of lying drunken vaga bonds V and left them in the middle of the street.' Perquisites. — There is a story of a nobleman ?who, finding bis housekeeping bills in a very in flamed state, determined upon desperate measures and sent for his cook. When the artiste in cap and apron obeyed the summons he was asked by bis master, in a soft, confidential tone, how much he made yearly out of his place beyond the wages paid to him. The cook, who was a frank and conscien tious man, reckoned up his commissions, and his gams upon, truffles and fish and other miscellaneous importations, and his Bales of property, by strained suppositions, held to be -useless ; and he made out ids gains at something more than £100 a year over bis wages. 'Very well,' said the logical master, ' you are an excellent cook, and I can't afford to lose you or displease you. But this £100 a year must all come out of my pocket, and cannot cost me less than £200, for you must be dividing the profit of waste with my tradesmen. Now, suppose I add the £100 a year to your wages, and you undertake to protect my interests against every one else, and take no pro fits, or commission, or perquisites of any kind?' The story goes that the cook was at first stunned by the violent novelty of the proposition, then hesitated, but finally declined the offer as ' contrary to his principles.' He could not live without doing a little job now and then. The 10 per cent, upon an unnecessary cwt. of meat was sweeter than double the money in coarse, common-place wages. The half crown gained by a sort of white robbery is better than five shillings received in a plain matter-of-fact way. — Times.' JTBEKCHSoxsiEBSHTMABCHisra Oedeb. — The pre cautions taken to prevent our catching cold, and to insure our comfort and health, I 'thought then, and think now. excessive. In the first place, if the weather were chilly, we were obliged to march in close order — for warmth. As- the day grew warmer, the ranks were opened, so that we should not be incommoded by dust and perspiration. Ab soon as we began to perspire, delirious Serjeants, captains and lieutenants trotted about our columns shouting to men to button tip their coats if they opened them, and diminishing the quickness of our step as we approached the halt ; and when we did arrive at the halt, woe to to the parched soldier who dare to touch water until he re ceived orders to do so. 'Eat bread!' 'Eat a few mouthfuls of bread before you drink!' 'Rinse your month well out before you swallow a mouthful of water?' 'Sit on your packs, and not on the ground ! You, Sir ! two days salle de police for lying do wn in the ehade. Do you think we candragfever and rheumatism about with us? Up with you J And you there, ex posing your chest to the cold air ; you'll be writhing like a corkscrew presently ! ' When we arrived at ' our destination, . the bustle and hurry scurry was greater. First duties over and the soup eaten, the officers seemed possessed ; they stormed and shouted at the sight of a particle of dust or mud on a shoe; they caused trousers to be turned up to Bee that there were no. damp feet; doctors flew about in quiring after sore heels; captains grew red in the face, and threatened prisons, dungeons, and even shooting and cutting into a million of little pieces, in their anxiety to see everything orderly and comfort able. Before sunset, whether it was bivouac or village, the regiment was as quiet as a church. Next morning everybody woke refreshed, and rather in clined for another inarch than otherwise.— Dicker? s ' Ml the Tear Bound:' \ Legitimate Slayeet. — The confirmed criminal must be secluded from society. Whether this is done by transporting him or by keeping him in penal servitude — real hard penal servitude— at home is, so far as society is concerned, unimportant. While punishing and secluding him, can we not utilize him? Is slave-labour of no use ? These men have forfeited all claim to their misused liberty, and are of right slaves. There are thousands of them. Surely thousands of slaves ought, instead of being an incubus, to be a valuable property. Wherever there is hard work to be done, we should send the skives to do it ; and as to wardens to keep them at it, how could our soldiers be better employed than in such capacity ? A life of continual watch fulness, and with eome amount of risk con nected with it, is the right life for a soldier. jEach regiment would only be employed in this service for a time. The continual changing of troops vouldbe, for many reasons, a matter of necessity. Wherever slave-labour is wanted, these men who have forfeited their freedom should be sent. I£ you want to form a settlement' in one of our colonies eend your slaves to that colony, and send your sol diers to take care of them. If you want to build fortifications at home, turn this great brute force in that direction. There should be a careful discrimi nation used in selecting the men for home service and loreigu service, it would eeem, at first eight, as if the worst criminals should be those selected for transportation; but perhaps the really desperate character, the foul and irreclaimable ruffian, should be kept at home, where prisons are strong, and where the resources of justices are numerous and irresis tible; where it is hard to find opportunities of plotting, and harder still to carry a plot out. .Trans portation is a chance for a man, and it should be awarded to the less desperate class of criminals, of whom there is, perhaps, some sort of hope. ? Dickens's All the Tear Bound. Effects of Eating Betweeh Meais.— Among the many slight causes of impaired digestion is to be reckoned the very general disregard of eating between meals. The powerful digestion of the growing boy makes light of all eneh irregularities; but to eee adults, and often those by no means in robust health, eating muffins, buttered toast, or bread and butter, ts couple of hours after a heavy dinner, is a distressi'ag spectacle to the physiologist. It takes at least f onf hours to digest a dinner; during that period the stomach should be allowed to repose. A little tea or any other liquid is beneficial rattier than oPaerwjge, but solid food is a mere incumbrance. There is no gastric juice ready to digest it 5 ap;d if «,y reader, having at all delicate digestion, will attend to his sensations after eating muffins *-P toast and tea. unlesB his dinner has had time to digest, he wfflneed no eentenees of ezpianatiop. to convince him of the eerious error prevalent £1 English families of makine tea a light meal, -rjieMy Bucceeding a substantia dinner. Eegularity in the hours of eating is ferfiom necessary-, but regularity of intervals is of primary importance. ft matters little at what hour you lunch or drne, provided you allow the proper inter vals to elapse between breakfast and luncheon and petween luncheon and dinner. What are those intervals ? This is a question each must Bettle for himself. Much depends on the amount eaten at each meal, mnch also on the rapidity with which each person digests. Iiessthan four hours should never be allowed after « heavy meal of meat. Five hours is about the average for men in active work. But those who dine late— at 6 or 7— never need food again until breakfast next day, unless they have been at the theatre, or dancing, or exerting themselves in Parliament, in which case a light Sdpper is requisite. —Letch's Physiology of Common Life. _ Jm-eE Powell and the Ghost. — The Judge was a most strenuous opponent of the superstitious belief ia apparitions, although Dr. Fowler, the then Bishop of Gloucester, was not only a believer in, but wrote eeveral works in defence, of the existence of ghosts upon earth. Judge Towell was a great antagonist of the Bishop's, and once attempted, by the following witty device,' to convince him of bis error. The Judge purposely paid the Bishop an early morning visit at hiB palace, when the amun^ conversation occurred -.—*' Since I saw you,' eaid the Judge, 'I have had ocular demonstration of the existence of nocturnal apparitions.' Bishop: 'lam glad you. are become a convert to the truth; bnt do you say actual ocular demonstration ? Let me know the particulars of the story.' Judge : ' My Lord I wilL It was — let me see — last Thursday night between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock, but nearer the latter than the former, as I w sleeping in my bed, I was suddenly awakened by an uncommon noise, and heard something coming up-stairs and stalking direefly to wards my room. The door flying open, I drew back my bed-curtain and saw a faint glimmering light enter my bedchamber.' Bishop: 'Of a feint colour, no donbt.' Judge : 'The light was a pale blue, my iord Bishop, and then followed a tall meagre personage, bis locks hoary with age, and clothed with a long loose gown, a leathern girdle about his loins, bis beard thick and grizzly, a large fur cap on his head, and a long staff in his hand. Struck with astonishment, I remained eome time quite motionless and silent. The figure advanced, Staring me full in the feee; I then said, 'Whence and what art thou?' ' Bishop: 'What was the answer? Tell me; what was the answer?' Judge: « The following was the answer I recevied .— « I am a ?watchman of ihe night, a'nt please your honour, and make bold to come up- stairs to inform the family of their street door being open, and that, if it were not soon shut, they would probably be robbed before morning.'' The Bishop's confusion at this reply may be better imagined than described, A Berach OF PBOWSl 09 MABBU&B;,— A run. 