THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. Up to the present time no defi lite arrangements have been come to as to the. formation of a new ministry. It was rumoured in well-informed c::ci! s ca Thursday that Mr. Martin would be charged with the formation of a new Cabinet, combining in himself the office of Attorney-General and Premier, but contrary to expectation the honourable mem ber for East Sydney, Mt. Willia-n Forsler, yesterday received his Excellency's comrnaud to wait upan him. The honourable member, we understand, accepted the duty, and has sugges ted some important alterations in the Ministerial Department. With the v,iiw of placing the public accounts on a better basis, it is not improbable that the office of Auditor.' General will be placed upon a different footing to that which exists at present. There are other changes which we cannot more pointedly allude to at present. It is also rumoured that we are not unlikely to have a coalition ministry, and the fact of the honourable member for West Sydney, Mr. Eagar, having had a long interview with Mr. Cowper at the Victoria Club yestei day afternoon, leads to that supposition. If we might venture upon naming the new Ministry it would be as follows : — Colonial Secretary ... Mr. Cowper Treasurer ... „ Piddington ? Audi tor- General ... „ Eagar Secretary for Wo i ks ... ?„? W. Forster Secretary for Land ... „ Robertson Attorney. General ... „ Martin Solicitor-General .. „ Holroyd ? The State- Aid party have also had a meeting, and have resolved upon withdrawing all support from any ministry who will not. make that measure one of the leading principles of their policy. , Victoria Theatre. — The nautical drama of the ' Lost Ship' was presented on Monday and Tuesday evenings with a good cast of characters and very effectively performed to. On Wednesday and Thursday the great sensation drama of the 'Peep- I o'-Day,' which contains incidents of such thrilling I interest, formed the staple of the entertainments and last night, Mr, E. Reeve's tragedy of the ' Lord of Milan' was' presented for the farewell benefit of Mr.' H. N. Warner,' the princi pal part being performed by that gentleman with the ability? which marked his assumption of it when it was first produced a few weeks ago. The comedy of ' Used up'*1' was1 afterwards played j the part of Sir Charles Coldstfeam by Mr. Warner. Between Raymond' and Sir Charles there is a wide gult and it requires a performer of (no ordinary skill to; play with anything like an approach torespecta-. bility parts so dissimilar^ but Mr. Warner came successfully through the trial and was no less effec tire in .the patriotic Raymond ithari the blase' Sir Charles iColdstream. We understand that Mr. Warner is about to leave Sydney to fulfil an en gagement in Europe ; if bo he carries with him o--r ( heartiest.' good wishes, 'Reeling cJnfid'ent)-!a'S'Wi d ?, that at no distant day he will occupy a high pos.tio : as an actor. Professor Bushell's electro biological experiments have not lost any of their attraction, and on Thursday a new comic piece de circdnstanee' . was performed by the ghosts under a nj&w; guise. The spectral illusions of coarse forrned the chief merit of the piece, but as an amusing trifle it was well received by the audience, shdfso fulfilled all the conditions required ol it, - ?:?- -i 