The new copartnery open the doors of the Government offices this morning. Approved of and sworn in, Messrs M'Cullocii, Healus and Company announce themselves to the public as the successors of Messrs O'Shanassy, Duffy and Company. During the last week there has been a setting of the house in order, and a terrible burning of waste paper. The gentlemen who have undertaken the business of government settle themselves into their places, resolv ing to transact it more satisfactorily than their .predecessors. On no other terms can they claim to be there. The overthrow of the Cabinet cannot be justified on the ground- of political action, ? unless it can be shown that the result has been to introduce to power better rulers. Frequent changes of government are ex tremely prejudicial to the interests of the colony, and the excitement consequent on ' political crises is pernicious to the public mind. It is proper that our rulers should be under the control of the popular will, but it is very undesirable that an influence essen tially destructive should be often exercised. The facility with which one set of men may . be exchanged for another, and the oozing out of political intrigues, tend to bring all government into contempt. There is, how ever, a growing aversion to changes of administration which may, in a great degree, be traced to the. intense desire of the people of the colony to be favorably esteemed in the parent country. The late Government owed both its long continuance in office and ~ its final overthrow to this ' sentiment. It was tolerated lest we might seem incapable ; of self-government, and it was ejected when - its conduct had a tendency to subvert those relations which are so fondly cherished. It is the duty, therefore, of the new Administration to frame such a policy as will secure to them the confidence of the people. In taking measures for self- ' preservation, they will be but serving the public interests. The late Government sought to uphold itself in opposition to the popular will — the existence of the present will depend on the favor it may find with : the people. It is not required to pander to ?. vulgar whims and prejudices, but to legis late with a due regard to the interests of the whole community. The task of governing has become easier through the incompetency and dishonesty of the ejected Administration, coupled with the cessation of popular agitation. The delirium that followed upon the acquisition of represen tative institutions has subsided, through the discovery of the worthlessness of trading politicians. Mr Duffy may possibly re- - sort to his old stratagems ; but we imagine that an enthusiastic Eastern Market meeting would be beyond the power of his agents. The Ministry may, possibly, be met by an Opposition numerically strong, but it will be destitute of a common ground of action, so long as their measures bring to their support the intelligence of the country. There is no reason to believe that the policy of the new Government will be other than liberal. Tf Messrs Heales, Granx, Vehdon, and Sullivan, cannot he entrusted to conserve the popular rights, there are none that we know of in whom confidence may be re posed. They, in conjunction with Mr IIigin jbotham — whose instincts have always been liberal, but who has hesitated and refined until he has nearly frittered away his position — constitute the majority of the Cabinet. The Ministry is not a coalitionbetween Liberals and Conservatives. The Opposition did not cross the floor to Mr M'Cullocii, but he to them. The new Chief Secretary has enjoyed in a large de gree the esteem of his fellow-citizens. He ? never endangered his reputation until he involved himself in close relations with the late Cabinet. He recovered his prestige the moment he withdrew from the con nection. Of Mr IIervey little can be said. He is as yet unknown as a politician, but he has it in his power not only to render himself popular, but to popu larise the branch of the Legislature to which he belongs. We have not yet arrived at that stage of unbelief when it would appear impossible for gentlemen, because they happen to be squatters, or possessed of ample fortune, to court the applause or desire the sympathies of their fellow-citizens. How worthless is wealth if it does not bring honor, and what honor can be loftier or more enduring than that of being recognised as a statesman of enlight ened opinions and generous instincts? The' unscrupulousness, the meanness, and disre gard of the public welfare evinced by ihose who have amassed wealth within the colony has been destructive to them selves. The antagonism of classes' has reached a pitch unknown in other countries where the disparity of social position is much greater. The senseless sneers at democracy fostered by a journal that owes its existence to the growth of the democratic element have produced their legitimate result — it is the propertied classes who suffer in con tests of this kind. In new countries, where labor is scarce — more especially it is the case where gold is to be had for the seeking — the working men may not only subsist but thrive, while the supe rior orders are involved in difficulty, or it may be ruin. This conviction is dawning upon those who have resisted it to their own disadvantage, and to a desire to harmonise the public interests we owe. the present Ad ministration. The senseless vaporing of our oscillating contemporary about ' good ' Conservatives who hold most 'anti-liberal' ' views on the land question,' will meet but little sympathy from the public. At a moment when there is a disposition to merge small differences, in order to save the country from a miscreant clique, and a desire to be liberal, as a means of securing population and promoting the general prosperity, it is surely odious to create dissensions, and raise distrust in the public mind through allegations of recreancy. But, a journal that betrays so much inca pacity of management as to forbid a disso lution of Parliament in one leading column, and urge it in the other, can hardly be ac cepted as a guide by the public ! The first question that the new Govern ment must deal with is that of the land, and there can be no better assurance of their liberality and wisdom than that they intend to adopt the New South Wales system, in so far as it relates to the disposal of agricul tural lands. That scheme has given to the neighboring colony population at our cost ; it has proved conclusively that when land is to be had cheaply and without difficulty population will settle and cultivate. A trial of three years enables us to judge of its working, and the fact that the Adminiatra tion which introduced it still enjoy public confidence is conclusive as to its merits. No Government ever entered upon office with fairer prospects than the present. They are placed in office as well to assert the loyalty of the colony, as to conserve the Pro testant supremacy within it. They owe their position as much to their personal character as their political opinions, for we are reverting to the sound political creed that men of shattered reputation are not to be trusted, whatever their professions. The imprudence and dishonesty which have brought mining adventures into disrepute have seriously retarded the prosperity of Victoria. In the hurry to become rich quickly, most of the dupers, as well as the duped, were involved in a common misfor tune. If rich, they suffered a diminution of their means — if needy (as was most usually the case) a condition of straitened circum stances, if not absolute ruin, was the ulti mate consequence. Those who imagine that any class of persons realised fortunes at the expense of the credulous labor under a misapprehension. In the majority of cases, the projector of a joint stock mining speculation suffered retributive justice, either by that 01 some other undertaking, as severely as the most haphazard subscriber for all the new mining companies which for a few months budded and blossomed daily in the Melbourne share market. The history of that brief era, when mining shares were perpetually rising, and no one dreamt of fall, has been often enough written. It is with its effect, which is still injuriously felt, that we are now chiefly interested. The four years that have elapsed since an unnatural and forced im petus was given to mining adventure by the ill-judged application of metropolitan capital have not sufficed to free us from the crush ing re action which so speedily followed. For this several reasons can be assigned. The majority of the projected mining com panies were not without some legitimate basis. In most cases gold in some quantity either had been, or could be extracted. The question resolves itself into one of cost of production. To expend £5 to get an ounce of gold must inevitably lead to unfortunate results, and the more vigorously the work was pushed on in such a case the sooner came the climax — often the bottom of the share holders' pockets. For the general in terests of mining it would have been almost better that such had been the universal result. In such case we might ere this have hoped to see the public taking a proper interest in mining, and, warned by past experience, doing so prudently and successfully. The quartz reefs of Victoria are practically boundless, and offer splendid rewards to the intelligent, patient, and in dustrious development of their riches. The shadow of the past overhangs them, and terrifies from contact persons who em bark in adventures quite as speculative, and over which they have even less control. The position of a party of miners who have made some progress with their work, and whose funds fail them, is pitiable, in the present state of public feeling. They may have well grounded promise of success al most within grasp, but such will avail them i little should they desire to obtain an ad vance, or sell a portion of their interest in order to carry on their works. The ghosts of past failures rise up in judgment against ' them, and the memory of 1859 60, and sub sequent years, renders them objects of the gravest suspicion. A quartz reefer in such a predicament seeking the aid of Mel bourne capital -is regarded as a mere scheming adventurer, unless indeed, he is set down as an arrant pickpocket. ' There is no need of statistics to prove that mining companies may and do prosper, when carefully and economically managed. The evil unfortunately is that opposite terms will more accurately designate the administration of their affairs. The tribute system has to some extent replaced the laxity which was once displayed in the pay ment of high salaries and extravagant wages — the maintenance of useless secretaries and unnecessary offices. Experience, brief as it has been, is in favor of mining adventures being conducted upoyuie principle of payment by results. The evil to be guarded against in tribute companies is the possibly injudicious mode of mining which may be pursued by the tri buters. They may, unless under proper su pervision, so exhaust the immediate resources of the mine, by neglecting to prospect, that upon reversion to the hands of the share holders, a delay in dividends may occur. The breaking out and raising stone by con tract is now adopted in many mines instead of the wages system. Although this defines the precise cost of every ton of quartz, it may in some cases be a hazardous mode of payment, as the contractors will not care to exercise any discretion as to the quality of stone. A ton of quartz is to thi?m^ a ton in payment, whether glittering with metal or absolutely barren. Here of course supervision may be effective in protecting the company. Experience is gradually developing quartz mining into a systematic and well-understood pursuit, but there is, in the case of many of the existing companies, an incubus weighing them down, which it is within the province of the shareholders themselves to remove. We refer to the extravagant amount at which the capital account of most of them is per mitted to stand. This is one of the miser able heirlooms of the folly of 1859 60. We find that, where companies which have lapsed have been re-formed, in stead of such sums as £20,000, £30,000, or even twice that, being put down as their value, the possessors are content with naming such amounts as £3000 to £5000, as more accurately representing the real value of their machinery and mines. Now-a- days quartz claims are valued at hundreds or thousands of pounds, not tens of thousands. These companies with small capitals are those which prosper most A smaller accumulation of profit permits the declaration of dividend, and shareholders are encouraged to give the affairs of the company some attention. This stock, being represented by an approximation to actual value, stands better in the market — is likely to he more readily realisable at par or a premium. On the other hand there are companies with immense capitals (arising from the ridiculous price given for claims) whose shares are at an enormous discount. The shareholders, perhaps, having paid high prices, lose all interest in their progress or retrogression. Their management is left to a few careless official', and so long as they make sufficient profit to pay the salaries, or ilrat there is any power to make calls, they drag on a miserable and contemp tible existence. The market price is a much closer indication of their real value than the extravagant valuations once put upon them and christened capital. We would suggest a general reduction of the large capital (where the shares are at a dis count) to something like real value — value in the accepted sense of what the exchanged commodity will fetch. We shall thus, in one instance, find a company with nearly £70,000 capital bringing'such down to be tween £2000 and £3000. Another, with nearly £50,000, would reduce to £5000 or £6000. We abstain from designating any particular companies ; but there are numerous associations for mining purposes in the share lists, in which the adoption of such a course would prove beneficial. Of course a change of this kind would not, in itself, increase the mining profits of a company. The advantages would subsequently flow from such a change. We should anticipate that the ignominy of the company's shares being at a discount woidd be remedied — that the follies perpe trated in past years, of paying inordinate sums for claims, would be obliterated by boldly meeting the loss, and wiping it out for ever— that the tone of the mining share market would improve, if a disposition of this kind was shown — that an infusion of new blood would invigorate the regenerated companies, and that, instead of leaving everything to chance and a secretary, some active interest would be taken by the directors or committee of management. Although we should strongly deprecate any return of the wild excitement which led to the formation of bubble mining com panies, it is discouraging to find so little present effort made by capitalists towards developing the resources of the richest quartz mines in the world. 