I ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL! EUROPEAN NEWS TO SEPTEMBER 2. THE QUEEN'S VISIT TO GERMANY. THE PROROGATION ADDRESS. CONTINUED SUCCESS OF THE POLES. CONGRESS OF THE SOVEREIGNS OP GERMANY. THE AMERICAN WAR AT A STANDSTILL. ARMIES SUFFERING FROM INTENSE HEAT. THREATENED RESIGNATION OF GENERAL MEADE. ENFORCEMENT OF THE MILITARY , DRAFT. RUMOURED ALLIANCE BETWEEN RUSSIA AND AMERICA. CONFEDERATES BURNING ALL THEIR COTTON* DETERMINATION TO ARM THE WHOLE MALE POPULATION. EARL RUSSELL'S ITALIAN POLICY. ARCHDUKE MAXIMILIAN EM PEROR OF MEXICO. THE TRANSPORTATION QUES TION. MEETING OF AUSTRALIAN COLONISTS. INCREASED PRICE OF COPPER. ADVANCE IN WOOL. DEATHS OF LORD' CLYDE AND DR RAFFLES. INDIAN NEWS TO SEPTEMBER 19. THE REPUTED NANA NOT IDEN TIFIED. SHIP FROM LIVERPOOL FIRED INTO BY CONFEDERATES. STEWS FROM CHINA AND JAPAN. FLEET SAILED TO ATTACK THE DAMIO SATSUMA. The City of Melbourne^ with a promptitude which is now becoming common, arrived at Glenclg on Thursday evening with the August English mail. We subjoin a SUMMAEY OF THE NEWS. The Australian July mail via Marseilles was delivered in London on the morning of the loth August, and the heavy portion arrived at Southampton at 10 a.m. on the 19th. The weather had been veiy fine, but a great storm had done mischief in London. The harvest was being got in with extraordinary rapidity. Great heat had prevailed in Paris, New York, and other places. Parliament was prorogued by commission on the 27th July. The Xtoyal Speech contained but a meagre list of measures passed, and but few noticeable features. The Queen and the younger members of the Soyal Family had gone to Germany, and the Prince and Princess of Wales were in Scotland. London in the meantime was emptied of the higher classes. Prince Arthnr haB been touring in Wales. Mr. Monkton Millies, M.P., has been created Baron Houghton, and Colonel White (Lord Lieutenant of Longford) Barou Annally. The vacant seat at Pontefract has been filled by the election of Major Waterhouse, a Con J servative, Sir Edward Head retiring from the contest. Mr. Hanbury Tracy, a Liberal, has I been returned for the Montgomery Boroughs, in lieu of the late Captain Johnson, Conserva- ' tire. Sir Coleman G'Loughlan is returned for Clare County, and Sir W. Eraser, Conserva tive, succeeds Mr. Bosfield at Ludlow. Sir James Hudson has been recalled from Turin, and has been created a G.C.B. The event has excited deep regret in Italy, and at home anger is expressed by those wbo suspect that ho has been displaced to make way for "an Elliot." It is, however, stated by official journals that Sir James has been recalled at his own request. A painful sensation has been crested by the I unexpected death of Sir Cresswell Cresswell, from disease of the heart, accelerated by his recent accident. Mr. Baron Wiide has been appointed his successor. Sir Frederick Slade, an eminent Q C., has also suddenly died, from a similar disease. Lord Clyde, who it was hoped would recover baa died, and has been buried in Westminste£ Abbey. The venerable Br. Baffles, of Liverpool, is also dead; and the names of the Marquis of Normanby, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Boa field, M.P., Mr. Jno. Labouckere, Sir Hugh Halkett, Admiral Harcourt, and Mr. Frank Fowler (formerly of Sjclney), Secretary to the Library Company, are in the obituary of the month. The Prince of Wales has visited Halifax to open the new Town Hall, and been the guest of Mr. John Crossley, the Mayor. Great disap pointment was felt at the absence of the Princess, wbo was stated to be unwell, but wbo two days after went to Bipon, to Lord De Grey's, on her way to Scotland. Bain also greatly marred the festivities. The Commissioners of the Great Exhibition have just issued their report in a volume of 200 pages, containing a complete hiBlory of the undertaking. The Times has commenced giving a summary of the contents. A meeting of Australian colonists to protest against the proposed extension of transporta tion has been held in London. The speaking was of a very decided character, and it was agreed to address the Queen, and to aBk for an interview with Lord Palmerston. The toBe of most of the English journals indicates that the recommendation of the Boyal Commissioners is not likely to be adopted in the free of a ■ strong opposition from the colonies. Various parties are actively engaged in pro- j moting emigration. Bean Close will shortly have sent 200 hands from Carlisle. The Vic toria Committee have dispatched 580 emi grants. The South Wales colliers and miners are leaving in large numbers chiefly for America. Persons professing to be unemployed operatives hare endeavoured to obtain passages to Queensland by forged certificates, aud some of them are being prosecuted. Letters in the Times complain of tbe neglect of emigrants to keep up correspondence with their friends in England. The Channel fleet has been off Leith, and b iug visited by great numbers on Sunday, tbe Admiral and the Admiralty have been remonstrated with by the Free Churchmen for affording facilites for Sabbath-breaking. The first vessel of the Galway line has left for America amid great local rejoicings. The Boyal Victoria Yacht Club has had a great match from the Isle of Wight to Cher bourg, which has excited much interest in yachting circles. Colonel Waugh has failed to obtain his discliarge from the Bankruptcy Court. Mr. Boucicault has been more successful. Governor Douglas, of Vancouver's Island, has been made a K.C.B. Dr. James Cose, of Edinburgh, and Mr. Goldawortby Gurney have been knighted. The Bishop of Columbia has been addressing his former flock at Yarmouth on the position and prospects of the colony. Dr. Carr, of St. Helen's, is named in connection with the Tas manian bishopric. A fatal aeeiiient has occurred to an excursion train on the lately opened line between Lynn and Hcwstanton, occasioned by the straying of a bullock on the rails. Five were killed and many were wounded. An alarming accident has taken place at the railway bridge works on the Thames at Blaekfriars, from the falling in of the temporary timbers. There has been a rupture between tbe Great Western and the Metropolitan Bail way Com panies, the former having thrown up the working of the underground line. The traffic has been impeded, but not seriously. A drought at Aldershott has made it neces sary for many of the military to leave. The shipment of the new Indian submarine telegraphic wire has commenced, 170 miles having left for Bombay, and 560 more being about to follow. It is expected that the com- | munication between London and Calcutta will be complete next February. The Bishop of London has bee addressed ■ by about 500 of his clergy, who deprecate an | alteration in the law of subscription at the pre sent time. He has replied that be deems some ] alteration to be absolutely necessary. The High Church and Low Church journals ] are discussing with great acrimony the appoint ment of Bishop Trower to the See of Gibraltar, ] with especial reference to the question whether as a Scotch Bishop, he will require to be re consecrated. Tbe Oratorians at Brompton are severely animadverted on for the alleged " kidnapping" | of a young gentleman, who has been admitted a Postulant contrary to his father's wish. The Wesleyan Conference has been holding j its annual meeting at Sheffield. j The Governors of St. Thomas's Hospital : have agreed to purcluise a site, opposite tbe Houses of Parliament, at Stangate, for £95,000. The Great Eastern has left for America with 1,922 persons on board. Eugene Delacroix, the celebrated French painter, is dead. A seditious meeting has been held at Slievc namon, in Tinperaiy, when a resort to violence to obtain the independence of Ireland was counselled. The Bomsn Catholic prelates have had a five . days' Bitting in Dublin. The Land Question, the Poor Law, Education, the Church Esta blishment, and the Civil Service are understood to have been the topics discussed. There has also been a great Catholic gathering at Malices, at which Cardinal Wiseman was present. The result of the enquiry into the loss of the Anglo-Saxon is reported. The captain is blamed for running his ship at a great speed through a fog, w hen uncertain as to his exact position. ' Dr. Liringstone accounts for tbe recent disasters to the Central African mission by the neglect of some of the party to take proper care of their health. Tbe Queen has caused a letter to be written, expressing " the personal feeelings of horror" with which she regards the sacrifice of a woman's life to the demoralizing taste for such spectacles as that which was re cently witnessed at Aston Park, Birmingham. This act is an unusual one, but is much ap proved. An aeronaut named Chambers has lost his life from the sudden falling of a balloon, be longing to Mr. Coxwell, who had declined to ascend, and who attributes the accident to mismanagement. Lord Palmerston has laid the foundation stone of an enlargement of the Sailors' Home, in the east of London. In the great Swynfen case the Master of the Bolls has cancelled the deed obtained by Mr. Kennedy. The Roupeil family have not yet taken steps for a second trial, and it is doubted if they will do so. The great Egmont case has ended in a com promise. The Earl of Egmont is to take the' estates, worth £12,000 a year, on payment of £125,000 to the Bev. Sir Lionel Barcll, the defendant. An important trial has commenced relative to the burning of Campden House- last year, the Insurance Offices refusing to pay the amount claimed; and charging the occupant (Mr. Wooliey) with the will 111 burning of the house. A mania for the exhibition of ghosts, at theatres and elsewhere, by means of Professor Pepper's apparatus, has set in. Humorous volunteer inspections and also rifle shooting competitions were taking place. The reports of the Government Inspector are very favourable. It is stated that Bishop Colcnso has been served with a citation from the Bishop of Ratal, and that he will disregard it as illegal. A passenger steamer has foundered off the Isle of Wight. The passengers had a narrow escape. An omnibus conductor has been killed on Holborji-hill from the racing system involved in the competition between the General Omnibus Company's vehicles aud other omnibuses. The annual meeting of the "British Asso ciation was about to be commenced at Hew castle-on-Tyne, and promised to snrpass any previous meeting. The Archseslogical Associa tion has also held highly successful meetings at Rochester. Grouse-shooting lias commenced, and, as regards both weather aud birds, tlie sports men arc very successful. Lord Belhaven succeeds the Duke of Ha milton as Lord-Lieateuant of Lanarkshire. The Theatre Boyal, Jersey, has been de stroyed by fire. One of the Channel steamers has been wrecked off Jersey, but without loss of life. Sir E. Landseer has at length completed the first model of one of the Keleon Column lions. According to the Times, it is a masterpiece. Some shocking murders have been com mitted. At Wolverhampton the body of a man has been found in an empty house in a state of decomposition, and the body of a woman, supposed to be the murderess, has been similarly found in a neighbouring town. At Wirksworth the daughter of a Magistrate has had her throat cut, in the most treacherous manner, by a young man of good position, whom bIic had rejected as a lover. The man Clarke, who was suspected of murdering and mutilating a girl at Islington, has been convicted of indecently assaulting two children, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. The liussian Government is prosecuting Lieutenant Styles, late Garibaldian army, for an infringement of the Foreign Enlistment Act, by attempting to enlist troops in England for the Polish national service. The cruelties involved in vivisection, as practised in Erance, are being vigorously discussed in some of the public journals. Garibaldi is said to be restored to health. There ha9 been no further encounter between the armies of Generals Meade and Lee on tbe Potomac. The former has escaped from Shenandoah- Valley, to the mortification of the Federal Government, whose displeasure led General Meade to tender his resignation. Both armies arc reinforced; but the South show signs of want of men and of exhaustion in other respects. The riots in Hew York have been put down, and the rioters are being punished. The Go vernment has been strengthened rather than weakened by the riot, and the conscription will be everywhere enforced. Charleston has not jet been taken, but tbe siege is being vigorously prosecuted, and it is believed that the place must fall. The raid of General Morgan into Ohio has been terminated by bis capture. President Lincoln has issued a proclama tion threatening retaliation if captured negro soldiers are not treated according to the rules of war. The PeterhofF has been condemned by the United States Court. Cardinal Antonelli has again tendered his resignation, wliicb, it is said, is accepted, and Cardinal Alfieri is talked of as his successor. Sir E. Bruce writes that the principle of giving each of the foreign authorities in China authority over their respective fellow-countiy men works well. He also reports great pros perity at Shanghai. Major Gordon has cap tured the city of Quin-sang. The capture of Nana Sahib is reported, hut some of the English journals think it a discon certing circumstance that he should, through the connivance of the natives, bo long have escaped capture, and that now evidence of another plot haB been discovered. The rumours of the fall of Herat and of the death of Dost Mahommcd are confirmed. The Emperor of Russia has granted the peasants on Crown estates their land rent free. The Japanese Government have paid the indemnify for the murder of Sir. Richardson, and the Tycoon asks for] delay to comply with all demands. * The Emancipation Society has memorialized Earl Russell not to let two powerful Con federate steam rams, constructing in the Mersey, escape. Further notes from the three great Powers have been dispatched to Russia relative to Poland. They are said to be pacific, and war is thought less likely than it was; but tbe prospect of the Poles becomes darker. Russia's preparations for war are of great magnitude. An important gathering of German Sovereigns has taken place at Fraukfjrt, to discuss a scheme for the federation of the German States ; but tbe Ring of Prussia has refused to attend, and objects to the proposals. It seems likely that the Archduke Maxi milian will accept the French Emperor's offer of the crown of Mexico. That monarch has revoked Marshal Forey's sequestration decrees. The Hon. W. G. Elliott has received his passports, but he has not yet left Brazil. Both Mazzini and Garibaldi urge " Young Italy"- to action against Venice—a course likely to embarrass the Italian Government. Tbe treaty oi commerce between Italy and England is Eigncd. The intelligence from Madagascar relative to the treatment of foreigners is, on the whole, satisfactory. M. de Lesseps has issued a monster ad vertisement relative to the Suez Canal. It contains a cautiously-expressed opinion of Mr. Hawkstan in favour of the scheme. The ob jection of the Porte has been met by the Com pany's abandonment of the right to hold the land at the sides of the canal, but the forced labour is to continue. 