SIR ATHKIELD SA YE DISTRICT ROAD BOARD. . - :r The Board met on Tuesday last- Present-] Messrs. Cook, Somsrriile. Moore, Lowe, and | O'Loughlan. " . ] The~minuies of the Last meeting vrere read and j confirmed. The Surveyor brought up his usual report on J wotks in the district. . The committee appointed to meet a committee from the Marong jKosd B>ard for she pnrpcs-e of comparing the signatures to the memorials for warded to the Government, respecting the Kan garoo Fiat boundary, reported the result as fol lows:-Out of the fifty signatures to the memorial ia favor of Strathselcssye :h irty-eight (36) vrere .TOscsd onthe Taie-To'L.aad' represented property ? bf the "annual valaed rental "of £515. Tbe first * memorial in favor of Marcng dinrict. with sisty zvro signatures. twenty (20) were found on tie rate-roll, and represented progeny cf the annual Talced Ten tal or £-50S: " Tile"second' memorial in favor cf the Marong cistHit, wfcii oae hundred; and eleven sign2tare?s sixty* were found on the rate-roll, and represented property of the annual Yalued rental of £73?.. copy of a letter rimed: by-the Chairmen of tneSiralbfifcldsaye and ilarong Boards ana trans muted to the Commissioner of Roads and Eail nays on the subject.- -was also read. It being considered advisable to add to the number of the standing committee, Mr. Moore, mo. ed, and "Mr ."Lowe'seconded, " That Messrs. Sozcerville and O'Ljuihian be added to the com mittee." Carried.' - | The Secretary was instructed to advertise for lenders, rttnrnafa'e on Tuesday, tie 25th instarit, 1 , for ccBecticg the rates for the present year: j tenders to be at per assessment, and the successful; tenderer to find security of a guarantee society | for £100. j Sundry payments to contractors were passed. ! and the Board adjonrced for fourteen days. | .. lPoiac2»CpCETS~-At the Municipal Conrt yes- 1 terdsy, before the Chairman of the Municipality, ; there were foiir persons charged with drunkenness. ITEe inagistrate, in consideration of the excitinz j times of electioneering, only fined each of them .one shilling. A man named John Kennedy, charged with as^iUing a man named Michie! Healy ai the Back Creek, was remanded for a week. At the District Police Court, before the Police Magistrate and Dr. Baraett, the following cases were decided on :-A woman named Mul .ligan, charging another woman named Mullins with using abusive language to her: the case was remanded for a fortnight, Mary "White was charged by George Chivers with using abusive language to him. Both the disputants-which they were in fact-resided, it appeared, at Kan garoo Flat, and the defendant, feeling herself aggrieved by some aspersions which she had heard the complainant had been casting on her fafr" fame, .behind her..hack,. she. had resented them in a more rnanly.manner, by abusing him to his face. The Bench very properly dismissed tbe.ca.se. ... . i'- .'; ?' ,,;,TEEATEIC.u, -rWe Tindergtandthat the manage ment of .the Lyceum Theatre have concluded an .engagetnent wi'.h the celebrated Campbell M'm strele, -now performing "with' so much success in Melbourne; they will probably appear at the termination of the engagement of ilr. Hoskins, who will appear during next week. In order to keep faith with their supporters in regard to the production of theatrical novelty, it is the intention of the management to produce the " real Ghost," as it is anomalously styled, from the Melbourne theatres as e3rlyi5 possible. The performances .of such Minstrels as the Campbells will no doubt J3ei{highly appreciated by a Bendigo audienee. ^j&eport.; speaks highly of Mr. Hoskins's abilities, land, with every probability of the ghostly element -beingadded to the prograrame of entertainments .for the next month, there is a strong inducement for investment in subscription'tickets. ytj&XfXSt; .PjBSTjjccTiox or .PaopuBxr.-It will "ti£ sgentbj?in advertisement in another portion of 'our columns that Messrs.. Coles and Farrington, ^ndanakera, of the Back, Creek, have offered a .reward of u£20i for the discovery of tbe persons Tfhor r destroyed property : on their works,' by stripping ofrthe covering used in the manufacture of bricks. It is supposed that the destruction was done.by some rivals in the trade who are incensed at them'for taking the cohtract'for making bricks for the railway, contractors at .a low price. "It is to.fie hoped that the imscres*its will be discovered and pnnished,a3,they deserve. . . 