A copy of the bow Land Act lias readied us, and we proceed to give an epitome of its lending jn'o visions. The measure is nearly as possible of the same length as that introduced by Mr. Uuffv, aucl consists of forty-seven clauses. Numerous alterations aro made in tho provisions affecting commons and lenses for other than pastoral pur poses ; but of course the most important innovations aro those relating to the sale of land by selection, and the pas toral occupation of the public territory. The whole of the clauses of the Land Act of 1802 referring to free selection are repealed. Provision, however, is made for the preservation of all existing rights, or rights likely to arise under these clauses. Persons who are en titled to select land within twelve months after the passing of the act of 1862 (including previous purchasers and holders of occupation licences), will be entitled to select and purchase allot ments within three months from the passing of the present act. The agri cultural areas are still to bo limited to the ten million acres originally indicated for selection — so that practically the operation of the new act will not extend over more than eight, million acres and a-'ualf. Of these, not less than four millions are to be proclaimed open within three months from the passing the act ; and not less than two millions are to be always kept open. No change is proposed in the mode of proclaiming areas open for selection or in the appoint ment of the Land Officer. The amount of the deposit, however, is reduced from ten shillings to five shillings per acre — the balance to be pnid. in six annual payments of two shillings and sixpence each. Each intending selector must appear personally before the Land Offi cer, accompanying his deposit with the I declaration that he is of full age, domi- . cilcd in Victoria ; and that " I am not, " in respect of the allotment "for which " 1 apply, an agent of, or a trustee for, " any other person ; and I have not " entered into any agreement to prevent " any other person to use or occupy, the " allotment for which I apply ; and " that I apply for the said allotment " m order that the same may he used " and occupied by me in my own " proper person as the conditional pur- " chaser thereof : and that I have not " selected under the Land Act of 1862, " nor become the conditional purchaser " thereof of any other allotment j nor " has any other person with my know- " ledge and consent selected under the " Land Act of 1862, or become the " conditional purchaser of any other " allotment for me, or on my behalf, " or for my uso or benefit within a " period of twelve months last past." The Grown Grant is not to he issued until at least three years after selection; nor until a statutory declaration has been made by tho selector, confirmed by the certificate of the local land offi cer, that improvements to the value of oue pound per acre have been made upon the selected land, and that the allot ment has been for at least three years, the bonajiile residence of the selector, upon paying hi;-: deposit, the selector becomes designated the "conditional " purchaser " of tlie allotment. In default of paying the annual amount of the balance, he forfeits his right to the land altogether. Provision is also made to prevent the transfer of the interest of any condi tional purchasers until the Crown grant shall have been issued, except in case of death or insolvency. Should there be more than one selector for a particular allotment, the issue is to be decided by lot, as hereto fore ; and competitors considering themselves agg'ricved by an improper selection aro still to have a remedy by appealing to a sheriff's jury. The land in the agricultural areas remaining unselectcd for three years after proclamation, may be sold by auction. The squatting portion of tho measure is exceedingly brief. Notwithstanding the decision of the Supreme Court, the rent, under the provisions of this new measure, may he less than tho amount of the assessment in 1861, in cases where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Board of Land and Works that the stock returned as depastured on one run in that year was ordinarily depastured on two or more. Power is also given to correct errors in the computation of areas, and to enlarge the time for receiving tlie arbitrators' decisions on paying interest at the rate of ten per cent, per annum. The arbitrators' award may be reviewed at the option of either the Board or the pastoral tenant, upon application to a judge of the Supremo Court in Chambers" and if it shall appear to the said judge that the decision arrived at by the arbitra tors was fraudulent, erroneous, orunjust. Compensation is to be given to squat ters in the agricultural areas for any improvements made in their runs, should they be proclaimed open for selection. Such are the leading points of Mr. Healbs's bill for nmending the Land Act. Having perused the measure but hastily, we hesitate to pronounce any opinion upon tho clauses relating to selection and sale; but wo have no hesitation in saying that, so far as the squatting portion of the hill is con cerned, it will meet with the most un- bendnblo opposition throughout the country. We are simpl)' astonished at seeingnow favours and concessions made to a class to whose cupidity the public interest has already been sacrificed over and over again, and who will meet new concessions only by new demands. Now, in addition to their security of tenure for ten years, they are to be conceded an arrangement which looks as if it might have been concocted at a conference of the " iriendly arbitrators." Mr. M'Cullocii and his colleagues have a perilous proclivity for " open " questions," and they never made a greater mistake, than by including in tho number the right of the State to exact a just rent from the pastoral tenantry. The annual trial of the progress of our Volunteers, as marksmen, has just con cluded, and, as might bo expected, tho improvement upon tho last occasion is quite commensurate with tho twelve month of experience since. In the trial of 1S61 the number of our Volunteers who earned distinction as good shots was 230 ; in 1862, the number increased to 370 ; while, in 1803, we find that 605 have entitled themselves to tho hon our. The exhibition of skill last year was pronounced by competent authorities fully equal to that of any equal number of men, either in the Volunteer force of Great Britain, 'or in the regular army; and so as our first-class marksmen are shown to be twice as many now as then, we may believe, with confidence, that the progress of our compeers has not got a-head of us. There is nothing wonderful in citizen levies being able to rival regulars in the use of the new weapons. The improved rifle — the Whitworth, Lancaster or Enfield, is new to all alike ; and though the ranks of the army possess an advantage in more - steadily constant practice, the Volunteers have a compensa ting advantage in another way. Speaking of them in the mass, they are men of more intelligence than the mass of professional soldiers can possibly be expected to be ; and there is a field for the exercise of intelligence in the effec tive management of those arms of pre cision. It, is not in shooting that tho citizen need ever be inferior to the regular ; it is in other matters that the latter is beyond his rivalry — discipline, for instance, and exactness of movement, matters, no doubt, of still greater import ance in warfare. There are ninny countries where, even before the long- range rifle was introduced at all, whole sections of the population could furnish a far larger percentage of first-rate marks men than the regiments of any army were possessed of. The mountaineers of the Tyrol are as a rule better shots than any portion of the Austrian infantry, except those particular batta lions of tirailleurs which are raised among their hills. The skill of the backwoodsmen in America and of tho boer frontiersmen at tho Cape has been similarly proverbial. The snipe- shoot ing sportsmen of tbe United Kingdom, and such of the peasantry ns were accustomed to make, or supplement, men. iiveiinooti uy nagging seniowi — teal, widgeon, and " barnacle" for the market, would have made fools of any ; regiment of the line in firing at a target. Expertness in the use of fire- i arms was never among the arcana of i military science, and since the modern in- : ventions have come into fashion it would ' he singular if persons who take to rifle practice as a pleasure nnd with the zest of amateurs were to he surpassed by those whose dexterity is acquired by practising it — and no doubt often exclusively — as a detail of professsional duty. Our volunteers have, therefore, a right not to he outdone as efficient sharpshooters by any regiment of the line; and it equally accords with pre cedent that they should not ho outdone by their brother volunteers of the old country. For, in a new country, as almost matter of course, the population have a more general acquaintance with arms than in an old one. Even here, where there are no beasts of prey to menace the safety of the settlers' flocks and herds, and no Caffres or Indians to be always prepared against on the border, the exigencies of a crude condition of society rendered only the other day the revolver, if not the rifle, a very general household or personal appurtenance. In the United Kingdom it may be safely affirmed that until three or four j'ears ago the great majority of tlie lower classes, and even of the middle ones, had no very intimate acquaintance with any deadlier firearms than the poker and tongs. Here, on the contrary, the insecurity of the early <£oldfield days compelled every man to be his own policeman ; antl though that state of things lias since gone by-, it procured us tho credit of being a ready handed set of follows capable like other pioneers of civilisation of being convorted into soldiers, without a great deal of time or trouble, il ever the occasion should arise. It was incumbent on our train bands, therefore, that they should he easily made effective, and the position they have acquired in these annual trials and comparisons of marksman ship enables us to congratulate our volunteers on their being equal to the expectation. Next month the term of service of the men at present enrolled expires, and there are all sorts of doleful con jectures as to very many of the best men leaving the force, and a sufficient number of recruits not forthcoming to supply their places. Even if this should indeed be die case — even if the bod" should collapse to a skeleton of its former self, the Volunteer movement in Victoria will not have gone for nought. It has disseminated among a considerable proportion of the youn"- men in our towns a knowledge of' drill a handiness with weapons, an expert ness with tho new rifle, and an inkling of soldierly habits of discipline. And it has disseminated also a cer- tain military tnsto — very ncces; sary in these times in overy ' country — even still more widely than i among the individuals who have been i actually under arms. In a word, it has furnished us with a body of men who, whether they continue in the ranks or not, are available as soldiers, not merely raw tyros, if at any period tho need of their services should really come about. It is tbe presence in the community of large numbers of persons acquainted more or less with military duties, and the facility thereby of forming or en larging armies on any sudden emer- ' gency, which constitute tho military strength of many countries of Europe, whose frontiers are naturally incapable of impeding invasion. Thus every man in Prussia, for example, has served in the army at one tirao or other for at least a few years. So supposing the conjecture of a tolerably general Volunteer retirement should be verified — supposing even three or four thou sand should now withdraw from tho lists, if their place be supplied by three or four thousand newmen, the available muster of our citizen soldiers would be simply doubled. But the croakers say this will not be witnessed. IVe cannot do our youth the injustice to supposo so. There may be nothing occurring at tho moment to excitoi the enthusiasm which originated tho movement, but bo must bo deficient in comn.ton sense who cannot perceive that if the thing was necessary once, it is necessary still. If our foreign relations wore a threatening aspect a couple of years ago, they may, for aught we know, look just as cloudy a year hence, or for that matter by any fresh mail from Europe. Tho amendments made by the Legislative Council in tbe Local Government Bill were con-- sldercd In the Legislative Assembly last night. The amendment proposing that licensed victual lers should not be allowed to net as members of road boards was struck out, after a discus-ion ; nnd the amendment negativing tlie proposition of tlie Assembly that members of Parliament should be allowed to pass tbrougli toll gates without charge,- was assented to. After con siderable discussion, the new clause M, inserted by the Council, providing that the corporations of Melbourne aud Geelong should be allowed to participate in the funds derived from tolls col lected in tlie surrounding suburbs, was ngreed to, with a proviso that none ol the moneys so obtained should be applied to the maintenance of streets within tlie city or town. In tlie Legislative Assembly Inst night, the Railway Management Bill was read a third time and passed. Tlie following sums were voted in committee of supply lost night : — for tho purpose of carry ing out the Common Schools Act, L75,000; for grants to Municipalities, 153,249 ; and for en dowment of Road Boards, 70,600. Mr Verdon in reply to a question, stated that he would be prepared to make payments out of those amounts to-day. Mr Tucker's motion for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into tlie charges made against the arbitrators by the lntc President of the Board of Land and Works, was last night negatived without a division, although Mr Duffy, instead of objecting to the inquiry, seconded the motion. Mr M'CulIoch, in tlie Assembly yesterday evening, stated in reply to n question by Mr Woods, ns to whether tlie Government bail nuy objection to the employment of convict lubour in tlie construction of defensive works on tlie shores of llobson's Bay, that the Government, would willingly adopt the suggestion of tlie lion member if it could .be shown that there would bo any snving by doing so ; but it was considered Hint, as tlie works were so scattered, tlie expense of providing accommodation and proper means of guarding tlie convicts would bo very considerable. Besides there was an objection to tlie cinploy- If lie saw there were nny works on which convict labour could be employed advantageously, lie would give the matter his best consideration. He bad not seen the head of tlie penal depart ment personally on tlie sulijcct, but lie had re ceived a letter from him, in which he snid that a number of convicts might be employed in tlie way proposed at an outlay of about L1C0. Mr Iliginbotham, in reply to a question by Sir Brooke, yesterday, stated that tiic Govern ment had no objection to produce tbe case and oil the opinions thereon relating to tbe subject of granting of tlie pensions applied for by tho lion C. G. Duffy nnd tbe iion R. D. Ireland, but remarked that the granting of those documents depended not only on tlie Government, but also oa Ills Excellency tlie Governor ; nnd as bis bon colleague tlie Minister of I ustice was prevented by illness from attending the House, lie could not inform tho bon member whether liis ExcelJ lency's assent had been obtained or not. Mr Bro.ke then said lie would renew the question on Tuesday. Mr O'Grady gave notice, yesterday, in the Assembly, thnt on Tuesday next lie would move for tbe House going into committee to consider as to addressing his Excellency, requesting that a sum of L1600 might be placed on tlie supple mentary estimates for 1863 in aid of the Mel bourne Benevolent Asylum. Referring to tho motion of Mr M'Lollnn, on Thursday last, imputing to members of the Assembly tlie exercise of corrupt influences to secure the passing of the Land Bill and the Electoral Act Amendment Bill, Mr A. J. Smith, yesterday, asked tlie Chief Secretary if the Go vernment intended taking any stops to relieve lion members from the stigma thereby east upon them ; aud being informed tlmt the Government bad not made up their m.tiids upon the subject, lie gave notice tint lie would repeat his question on Tuesday next. Amongst the'visitors in tlie Speaker's gallery of the Legislative Assembly yesterday, was Brigadier- General Chute, with Lieut. Richard son, his aidc-dc-cnnip, but ns is usual when nny visitors of distinction are present, there was nothing of importance under discussion. Mr Verdon, in reply to a question by Mr Levey, in the Assembly, yesterday, stated that it was liis intention as soon as public business would permit, cither this session or enriy next session, to Introduce a measure to amend tlie Audit Act, and simplify the mode of keeping the public accounts. Tlie bearing of the case Hodgkinson v. Clougli was concluded yesterday iu the Supremo Court, before a special jury of twelve. Tlie action was to recover damages for arrest, false imprison ment, nnd malicious prosecution. Both tlie plaintiff and defendant bad bad business tran saction together extending over a number of years, and amongst others the defendant became mortgagee of a station belonging to Mr Hodg kinson, named Woodstock. At tlie commence ment of tbe present year some disputes arose between them, and it was alleged by Mr Clougli that the plaintiff was largely indebted to him on account of the station. Mr Hodgkinson con sidering himself wronged, took a number of sheep off the station, with the intention, as lie stated, of pnyrng off the station debts. Mr Clougli, hearing of bis proceedings, gave information to the police, and caused him to be arrested. Mr Hodgkioson was accordingly taken before a magistrate, and committed for trial on a charge of sheep stealing. The Crown law officers declined to proceed witli tho case. Owing to several law points being reserved, and witli the view to avoid future expense to both sides, tlie jury returned their verdict in a peculiar form, assessing tbe plaintiff's damages to tbe period of bis commitment for trial at LSOO ; or, including the whole proceedings till the decision of the law officers had been given, L1000. pro vided that the full court considered thnt certain evidence as to tho defendant's knowledge of tho plaintiff's conduct hnd been properly admitted. If the Court thought that evidence inadmissible, the damages would ho L2009, provided MrClough was considered answerable for tiio whole proceed ings ; or L1000 if lie was responsible for tlie pro ceedings to the time of the commitment. Wc learn from tho Creswick Advertiser thnt great exeitions arc being mndo to render tlie dinner to Mr Morton, M.L.A., n great success. A first-rate working committee has ciiargc of tiic arrangements, and lias ensured the ntlendnnce o several political celebrities, among whom we licnr are Mr O'Grady, M.L.A., who lias taken n very prominent part in the introduction of measures for iocnl government, and Mr W. l'rnzer, M.L.A. for Creswick. In the ISuprcmo Court, yesterday, before a jury of four, nn action for slander was brought against Mr John Noone, a member of tlie Coilingwood Municipal Council. The plaintiff wns n Mr F. Hardy, landlord of tlie York-hire hotel, concerning whom the defendant had said that liis house was a resort for prostitutes and was a den of thieves. This language wns pro voked by Mr Noonc's being robbed in tlio hotel of bis watch ; nnd thnt besides having received from tbe woman a severe wound in tiic head lie was naturally irritated, and ids feelings got tlio better of his reason. The jury gave the plnintift" Lit). Tlie Melbourne Gas Company were sued by Mr Le Crcn, a clerk in the National Bank, for damages in consequence of inj urics lio sus tained by falling over an obstruction placed op posite tlio ollices of the Liverpool and London Insurance Company, in removing tlie service pipes used at the illuminations two months since. The company denied flint the obstruction was caused by them, and asserted thnt they had restored tlie pavement to its previous condition. The jury gavo tlie plaintiff L75 damages. tVc perceive by our advertising columns that tlie Melbourne Railway is again in the market. Tenders for the purchase are to be received up to the 15th of September. Tlie foundation stone of tiic Presbyterian Church, Snndridge, is to bo laid on Tuesday next, by the Right Worshipful Master of the Snndridgo Marine Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons. A Geelong contemporary reminds tiic sporting vorld nnd the sellers ami purchasers of wild fowl tii.it, nccording to the Preservation of Game Act, tlie close season commenced on tlio 1st of this mon.'.li, and that all parties are now liable to a heavy' penalty who shoot, sc'l, purchase, or linve iu tlieii' houses any of the game protected by tlie second schedule of tlie act. Tlie following is the clause tawing on this subject : — Sixth clause of the Game Act. — " If nny person shall buy, sell, or knowingly have in h's po-session, house, or control, noy gnmcat anytime, or any native game within tlio period referring to such native game . respectively iu tlie second schedule to this act, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay n penalty not exceeding tlio sum of five pounds for every head of gnme, in addition to tbe value of any such game, such value to be assessed by the justice or justices lienring the case, and at n sura not exceeding the sum of two pounds for every bond of native game so found in liis house, pos session, or control." Tlie native game mentioned in tho second schedule arc : — AVild duclts of nny kind, teal, bittern, emu, native companion, wild turkey or bustard, black swans, wild geese, wild pigeons, nnd malice Iieus. AVe were eliown, las t evening, at tbe establish ment of Messrs. Robertson and Mofiiit, Groat Bourke street, a specimen of the first blankets manufactured 111 (lie colony, and a grey coverlet made from the finest Victorian wool, by prisoners at the Pentridge Stockade. The fabric is of tlie best quality and beautifully soft. Connoisseurs la such matters have pronounced them to be first class, as regards texture and fineness. Once tbe proper machinery is imported, those articles can lie produced at a much clionper rate than at present, because, owing to tho want of tcnsles, the pile cannot bo now raised. Tiic size known to tlie trade is ten and three quarters. Tlio new sales rooms which have recently been erected in Bourke street, for Messrs Isaac Lyons nnd Co, auctioneers, stand prominently forward as amongst the most elegant and commodious buildings which linve been raised in this city for mercantile purposes. The exterior rf the edifice DTCSGIltS II verv linmlsnmo nvnlnfppfitml front. Tile building contains two fleors, each npnrtmcnt being 167 feet deep nnd 29 feet wide. The lower part of tlie building is set apart as an miction room, and the offices, which are to be of polished cedar, are to occupy a posi tion close to tbe entrance door. The upstairs room, which is of tlie snme dimensions, is to be used as a store, nnd is capable of holding several hundred tons of goods. These rooms nre tlie largest in the city. All tlie latest improvements nnd nppiianccs have been introduced for tho pur pose of facilitating the transit of merchandise from tlie drays and from one portion of tlie store to another. Messrs Lyons commence their first sale in their now rooms on Monday next. The building lins been erected for tlio proprietors by Mr T. P. Conlon, the architect, who is well known as iiaving furnished designs for some of tlie most tasteful edifices in the city. Tlie show of the A'ictorian Poultry Society was well attended yesterday both during the day and evening. 1 1 will he kept open until to night witli a view of affording those visitors who linve not yet hnd the opportunity of vi-iting it to do so; nnd we may inform them that tlie collection is exceedingly creditable aud worth seeing. At. the weekly meeting of tlie Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, yes terday, tlio Superintendent made tlie following re turn: NumberofintnntcsintheHomensreported last week, 576 ; admitted since, 111 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 54. Total relieved, 741 ; dischnvgcd from tlio Home during the weekj 108. Total nt present remaining, 579; consisting of, children cliargonblo to tlie Government, 377 ; cases chargeable to tlie Society, 202, The Creswick Advertiser again bears pleasant testimony to tlie progress of acclimatisation : "Lnstyear we several times recorded the appear ance of English thrushes in our neighbourhood. This.8!ason no less than three have taken 'up their quarters in un old gum tree, near Spring Gully, where they nre building their nest. This old tree, which in parts is Iioiiow, npponrs to be n favourite resort also for the colonial feathered tribe, which from their numbers form a large as well as a happy family." At this season of the year there is not much to mention in connection with tho Botanical Gar dens. Tlie borders aro being dug up nud reno vated, in order to prepare for tiic spring, At tlio north-west corner or tiic gardens n plot of ground has been laid out in borders and planted witli ten trees, olives, varieties of mulberries, and i'outii American clover. In tlio pnim- liouse several of tho plants are in bloom, and amongst tlie largo and varied collection nre some fine specimens of tlie dendobnum speciosum in full flower. This plant is n native of Queensland, nnd tlie species contains several varieties. The Frauciscca calig- cina is another plant which is now in full blossom, while the tliyrsaeantlius rutilaus of South Ame rica, with its long drooping flowers, presents a vcryprctf, appearance. In the gardens many of the rose bushes are Iu full bloom, while the wattle trees give forth a beautiful perfume. Tho lagoon in tlie centre of tlio grounds is very high !,WoS(TiUen? Cf "10 la.t0 ra!ns; an(1 1" mmry places tlie water has covered the paths. AVe are requested to state that subscription RMrar n- '!nfortunatc rmm'y Thomas Ritcino, of Fraukstoa, whose house, witli four children therein, was burnt on the 20th ult wV„Tre|tt,SU"'iVOr,S With0uta 1,orao dreadful calamity— have been left at tlie different wm m r8 C' ty'i ll01' that the 1 encvolent come forward will, some timely assistance, for tins honest, industrious, and afilieted family- t„ nrT!',UrS eveninS the fifth monthly mcet- bckl 4 ? m Un'0n Bui,Jino Society was Strltt r CC' 8 CoWns str<t east, J. Stodart, w tno chair (ia the absence of the Hon H Miller). Tho receipts for the evening were stated at L3125, and the number of shares sold at the meeting was 43, at an average price of L30 10s, making in oil 292) shares pur chased out since the organization of tiic society; At the Bourke General Sessions, yesterday, tlie decision of the Police Magistrate, fining a man named .loiiu Scott L50, for niding nnd nbctting in illicit distillation, at Ilotiiam, was ccnHrmed. Last night's Police Gazette contains nn an nouncement offering n reward of L100 for tiic apprehension nnd conviction of the offender wiio decoyed a child' nnmed Elizabeth Hunter, eight years old, from Islington, London, in Monsli, 1860\. This notice lias emannted from the Home authorities under the nssumption thnt tlie stolen child might have been brought to tlie colony. At tlie City Court, yesterday, two young lad3, named respectively Anstiee and Cupas, were charged with breaking into a . store in Flinders lnnc. Tlioy were romnnded until Tuesday. A woman, charged with forging tho name of Iior husband to a cheque for a largo amount, was remanded for seven days, in order that additional information might he obtained. As will bo scon from our advertising columns, tlie Rev J. Bnllantyne will deliver tbe next in Ids scries of monthly lectures to-morrow even ing, iu Erslcine Church, Carlton, on "The Books that will be opened on tlie J udgement of tlie great day, their nature and character." Tlie sensation loving public of Melbourne aro promised two ghosts in the course of next week. Our readers arc no doubt aware of the great success which has attended the production of Mr Dirck's strange apparitions in London, nnd wo nro promised a ghost equal to thnt, and one that will walk across tho stage, receive any number of stabs, and in fact lie everything that is ghostly. A patent for tlio production of phantoms and apparitions lias been taken out by Mr E. AA'oilaston, Mr II. B. Meilin, and Mr L. L. Smi'li. Mr George Fawcett lias entered into nn engagement witli this ghost, nud will introduce him to his putrons on next Monday week. At tlie Haymnrket we are also promised a stage nppniiliou, which will appear in the course of a'few nights. AVe perceive thnt tlio last appearance of tlio " Bashful yo ang gentleman," iu Birch's Holiday Trip, is to tnki place this day; nnd as this is positively the last (tlie time being iiniit-d for tlie " Ghostly Apparition"), there will be three performances; ono at Twelve, one at Three, nnd the other at Eight. The Polytechnic Inst'tuto is likely to be " thronged" during each per formance. 