HUNTING. ciiomovf* nu.T irtni the .TdHi.noutitE uoD.ins, ' Tls distance lenJj enchantment t} tbe view:'' Dear Bell,— I had the ploasure, lut wetk, of recording in your columns a elashin; ru-. with the Melbourno bounds aft«r an ont-lvlng dtor ; and to-day I present your m»ny spoi'ting readers with an account of last Saturday^ doings, which, as the old clj' doalets nv. U 'better ash Root.' Whether, however, th9 poetical, lino abovo quoted Is exactly appropriate to tho matter la band, must be according to individual taste, for the qaeatlon of distance (&3 hero adapted) depends a Rood deal oa the sort of ground covered, the ability of one's nag to go through the chase, and hU conditioned paweis of carrying his rider all the way home aealo. As to the 'view' part of tho quotation, tho fow who wero lucky enough to be np at tha kill will fully agree with the writer that it w»a the extraordinary ?? di- taTice' of tho run whioh caused the ' enchantment1' they felt at tbe final Ullyhoing their long-followed quarry, Tho meet, on Saturday, was at the favourite Oakleijh, and it was tbo first time this seas -n of rlrjwlng the kangaroD coverts, whioh so seldom hive diiappointed the master, 'ihe field wr-s notlMably bohU for bo in.leresHnj» aa occation, but it must bo boruo in mind that Victoria has not yet roaohel each taaturo age as to havo many o! her son«, by adoption or blrtb, so utterly independent of the routine of business avocations as to be able lo make holiday whea they list; nnd Saturday baing just before mail day. caused several absentees in bodily presence, aitbougu their spiritual cssono (isn't that the physio logical term?) wai with us la tho bush. The entire muster did not amount to a scoro, and not th) half of these were Iregularj/'nor wero tho ' plnlu' a tithe Tho inaiiter was on Moun. talneer, who proves a very cl»ver hunUr, the first whip on Litllo Wonder, and Ills second on Cydnuf. Tho only other known hones out wero Prince Albert, Nonscnss. White Squall, Dominie, LingDoy.andablackpcldlngonceintlieBillaariit Hunt. No sooner were tbe bounds drawn ihiough the sorub, than from tho constant splash under foot, and rcpid wetting through of our boots from the dripping undor-growtb, wu kuow that it would be heavy galloping nnd ouldlsh scenting. When, thoicforc, half hour after half hour passed away, and not a feather uor nbimpor told of game beiug about, all hands made up tbeir mi .dsior a blank day. Luckily, jasl to cause a llttlo excite mrnt and warming to the p!g-kin, a few fences had to bo crossed, but most of them wera in boggy Boll, and there wm nearly as muoh floun dering' about in tha taking off or.landhg as sohoolboys exhibit on first venturing on skates. Moreover, a largo proportion of tbo horses bad never been tried at tho jumping game, and most amusing It wm to see the style In which they did, or rather didn't, get over ihe obitaoles, most of them settling the matter by going through some how, and the riders showing coatidiinble daylight between their unmentionables and the saddle. After three hoars of perseverance on tbo pirt of ths honnds, aud scrambling amongst the caval cade, tho master called a halt on a pleasant sandf knoll, and we bad a few minutes' spell of VI r- glnny and p^cket-pUtoli Than, again to horse I for ong moro try la the never filling direction of Tootle/s-aycl Tootlo'o.and Graham ^,aad.K'Jys's I paddocks beloved of the kangaroo ; occasionally f»nc!el by tin 'flyers of the bunt,' when ou thtir bsst and Irespest pradsj hut dreaded with dire dismay by tbosa laokiug pluck and equlno ?kill, for the foaces of these aforesaid paidooks are something gigantic in the way of split siuiT. Scarce five minutes had the move been made, and pipes were not even half bnrnt out, when a bnr^.t of music from a patch of tea Ireo made tbe vary welkin ting, and the field were alinodt aa muoh taken by surprise as if the dreaded monster ol m the blackfeJIows had saddenlTT^nn ' 11 them. Helter skelter, dash, cfasf 8[n'ng ,'P before I riders Into tbo sloppy co,e '.„&'''' w,cn- 1 wore in a chevy. But, after m.ki'.H a °'Bl;'% I two or three times, it turned out £ V. '' '°t 1 snd thefaceoftbetuasUrturnwl. J ? loov S whilst those of his follow,™ toS n?' «2, I larly pleasant. A hurried cast or tw pa't;M- P in ho|)cs of coming across tho d™ ?*' ln^e P darcdhopcforsurh'asliceo'lack anri.1. .? D('ii- if ary magistrate might havo filled |1?»nIPll|?l«u.- | with five bob flues for oaths of vein;,, p P'^jes 3 ho 1 ' ' Tallyh', I ' Whon'eco!, '..'?. T»llj- $ view ? Whose voice is it ? firth- cr, [( | Soeaysone, and so thinks another i . 'J^M' I ho !' »gnln rcs^nnis a few C' imt T«Hj- 1 and Jlr. Watson gallop, off, wi?hZ -''!- off, | M his heels, to try il tile alarm be tr... g' '«* 1 Dan. R., tho utterer ot the h»l,oo V'r h]«- 1 points out irhcre the long.iailX;, i \'k®l 1 pasted him. the hounds are put '„ Tthc II * |nj' I ?aateh up the red-hot scent with a {!?&''» I of welcome and beforo you could say ?? t^^ i 'Over each valley, ((rid over each hm b°' I ^Otct each fence, each ditch, and eie 'rill i. , 1 The frightened kangaroo, the eho7o t|'5Jj 'f- 1 and cheering hortemeu,' dash awav ..i oine'i P speed. Thick tcrub, boggy creek, i hev'on« 1 .Lping P,st and rails, K ^ 'h* V I through or surmounted without tuoimii801 H daneer or difTiculty. An hones ton S' * B a splitting P5ce, ha, thinned the ev , ihi'^','' | and blood in iromentarily exuedwl ''il(1. $ hounds threw np their LadTnnTic'h ^ I kill, it is a dead ckeck. Casliog round l'^,0' | vain, for there is so much water °n tht'1, ia I that no trail can lie, snd tho fun is «» «¥ U decided to bo over by the majority i f,e '»'? I folks (i.e;, lots, relatively to the ori'nln.n,, ' ',' I number) tnrn homewards, leaviW6 .?,/ 'mtll 3 despairing .ma-ter . to make another Tv' 1 attempt to obtain n brush, and no ,,P^' 1 favourites homo, on the first kaucaron j ' S Without a taste 'of the i aw.' ShaSeJT.ii .?' I mighty hunters, of ancUntand moderi ren i*' 1 was he not rewarded for his Dalioncn «n/i i. *'? ^S Hardly, could the retiring divUlon' have^i I of hearirpr, when tho hounds fcathorcd atuf ?J i of a brake. » Hie in I hie in fi an 'l'h.c{S» 1 WaWn ; and they did hie in JthTRS,^ 1 a noblo kangaroo unrlagiiiK out before them Llf 1 frightened oat of his every «nso but . .1 ! 8$ ??peed. Oh! that kangaroo l-th,t knn™'i 1 why didn't ..ho goddess Wa, or .|,SM I takes hunting in their -special dlviuo ohe-? i reserve ths long-leggod boannor for aomeoctafi M when the horseflesh was bolter condiliocit ,°5 m the rn--m.l a little lighter I Distal,'' 1 °j I nothing to the tnarsapial, nor dlroction S» H nor fences eilhor, for it headed this wny'aud SS 1 headed that, till the best ncquumed wlili th general whereabouts could not oven buo-« «w particular wherfabo'it* the aniaul inennt t! honour aa the place of socrifico to tho rajimoj its nnc- store- At length, after somctiiuts«eem|M to solect Cheltenhcm, sometimes Oakleigh tome times Mulgrave, and certaiuly pr,,ying the n]D,v nnd staying powers tf the pursuer*, by t,lin. them over nearly every big fenco to be found in the said districts, and thp u«h every lilt of u and flush th.t:was diasgreoable, ho ' headed towards Dandononop. Of couiss, by th;, ti™ the paco bad btcome moderate, and a fewihrt checks had onabfed hutind, home, «ni| an to recover wind ; but few indeed wera tlen left of either to (hare in the g'orious and i-on. coming finish. The mastor badnjinnceil tokeca Kith tbe remnant of the Scattered pack (alarm number of young entries woro out for tbe first tlmo), but tho two whips wero long since vanlibfi and tho only horsemrn loft wero Mr. B., (,n Nor sense, tiir C. S-, on tho Ballairat nag upckeaof and a neutleman, jaBt arrived from Kngltmj oa Ling Dog Thesa four rode gamely and well to tho ln-t, albeit their tired pags slogged tbe tov rails hard, and were hardly able to recover thent selves on landing over the last leap Into the folicJ Paddock, nt Dandenong. There, in a deep hoi of the creek, the kangaroo wa? planted, and tha K frantic-hounds were baflng him aud ducking him m in turns. Jnst as tha fagged cavaliers arrived, tha E ' long-tailed 'un' ennk to the bottjm, aud thea n came tho difficulty of recovering tha lioi'y; for, ? after to long and splendid a chose, Die remain! S woro worthy of greater obsequies tlmn mug B drowning. ' Although closo to tho Police Station, B itrwasdoubtfirirany of tho Hnmauo Society's I implements would be found there ; besides, tbtre ? is an objection to drags in legitimate hunting, E so other means mast be sought. A'ot long, how- K- ever, wns there any consultation on ilie qvulh 6 vexata. Sir C. S , an old Australian kushuaa, B though n younj man, who has! .ely ci.mtiutoa m baronetcy, throT off his ' dads' and jumped into g tho water- holo, up to h's arm-piU. Fc;liog g about the bottom with bis feet, I e soon founi til R body, and brought it s if ely to lanj, i'iien, in- i| deed, was thcro a ' Whoo-oop 1' ai ihoLound] JS were sat en to break up tho pome;ii,d right fa properly and gallantly did tho delighted master W pre«oat the brnsn to tbe plncVyBsronet.whohad g bo distingnished himself oa his last appearance, in i Austr^li», for bo his now sailed for tho ''o'd g country.' Amongst his sunny memories of thii g bemiRpbere. this extraordinary chase will not be Eg the least bright; aad in rolatinc it at his Scottish B firesMe, ha, at least, will find ' 'tis distancs lend) H enchaatmeut to tbe view.' ' B NIMROD'S CnOSX. | 