PUBLIC SPIRIT IN POLAND. (From the Daily Netos Correspondent.) I have now traversed tne wuoie oreaia oi the ancient kingdom of Poland, from the Oder to tbe Dnieper, having throughout enjoyed very fair opportunities of studying the condition of all classes of society. I can only say tbat I was perfectly astonished to find how utterly undivi ded is the soul of that carcase on which the Russian, Prussian, and Austrian eagles have been preying for a century. I found but one sentiment pervading the intelligent classes, and that a determination to die rather than part with a particle of their nationality. Very tempting messes of pottage have been from time to time set before them, but scarcely one Esau has been found to aell his birthright. It is impossible to deny tbat to all appearance Kieff is a perfectly Russian city; but, for all that, since the es tablishment of the University after the Revolu tion of 1831, tbe number of Polish inhabitants has been steadily on tbe increase, till now the students of Kieft have become tbe most trouble some body with which the government bas to deal in tbe Ruthenian provinces. In closing the Polish University of Wilna and tbe high school of Kremeniee, in Volhynia, and establish ing out of their ruins the Russian University of Kic'ff, tbe government reckoned on aiming a heavy blow at tbe Poles, but the result hai quite disappointed their expectations. Tbe Uni versity of Kieff is only Russian in name; at least four- fifths of the students are Poles, and Russian is scarcely heard out of the lecture room. . A long stay in Poland—for I cannot help calling tbat country Poland of which the pro prietors of the soil are, with half-a-dozen ex ceptions, exclusively Poles — has a most de pressing effect on tbe spirits. The universal mourning worn by the women haunts you even in your sleep, and you feel that ?? black' is after Hli'tbe true ghost colour. Wherever you go you find the same poor helpless creatures herding together in the churches and even there not always free from the brutality of tbe Russian 8oldiery' Under the pretence of searching for arms toe sanctity of the house of God bas repeatedly been violated, and soldiers stationed at tbe door not un frequently subject ladies to annoyance, if not in salt, in going in and out. It is tbe attitude of vu woman which annoys tbe Russians still ; m0™ than that of the men. There is no sacrinc* » .... .,_TM,a—- — . .. '? ._ ??......-^.w^e:...-..- ' Which they will not readily submit, and their *; 'Spirit is indomitable. From the primes* Sapicba '-:'::to the petty tradesman's wife* they dtfWte them lelves heart and soul to the cause, slaving night -: and day at making clothes* conveying arms and ; a ammunition to the insurgent camp, remaining all , night under prison walls for the chance of rescu ing captives* and performing other heroic acts. Combined with this power of self-sacrifice, Polish 'ladies possess a most lively wit, which is often 'more than a match for their enemies. ?? r You are not perhaps aware that the Journal \--, de St. Petersburg invariably givet one dead as : the total of the Russian loss in a battle with the -, , Poles. As an instance of thif, when at Kieff I read in that paper the report which General Count Toll sent in to the War- office at St. ; Petersburg of ah engagement with the enemy in Lithuania. Fritting the number of Poles killed at 140, the Russian general only admits the loss ?i of one killed. 'A Polish lady at Warsaw, bearing :/. that fter *on-had been taken prisoner in a recent ],, battle, Tepaired in great distress to the general, [','„ and 'begged him to spare the life of her ton. The ' general assured her it was impossible, as after the I xest -of the 'insurgents .had surrendered her son 0 'lad 'killed '-three Cossacks. Upon this the lady. ; produced t the Journal de St. Petersburg, in 'Which 'tbe'geaeral's own report gave the total of . ^Russian- killed as one man. I am not able to; . ? dnform you how the interview terminated, but I . ? Jfear the lady did not gain her request. 