Prok: timrvto timswe obtain g'ibn ipscs of tbo innuflifc of th« pubHc ser vice, wbichi servo: to sbww1 that: it' is not nt :nll tile fiuiotrbaven imamnediiir appli- cantj: for appointment.. Eiiity of tenuir»r andl security:, of " screw, " are decidbdly desirable ;;btit' oven: tbei 10 are dearly purchased %v the- octsai liouaJ necessity off" submitting: to tlio-ci ipraie of superior officers, calilmnies whiis pered witbStnr Gliamber seore iv, . or dtarges- so ingeniously unjust-, as nlmosUtO|. ddjr refutation. Instances-ofvtbis.ISrid om- for iinately rare ; : but that' theyvsl 'louJffi ocaun-at alb is -not aacouragiiigr-tto say tlia- least — to tho> young, en thusiajts , wHo' fancy they liave.- made a( graad | cuup> by pasaing a. GJvil- Service- Gxaiaii- ; nation. The cafe-of Mr. Ha-jeme.tit, i oft' the Raillvay Department, m ay be ' iolected as. an: axqimple. Hnce- tiknn' two years, ago,, this; genthman. ap- , poars to have inciiered tha- enuri'ty of Mr. Nashi,. then SocEOinry for RailHvays, by whom-, he- wf ,s | forthwith: chargedl with a< sorias of offences tho least-, of wliialb worai 1 in- j subordination and-nsdect oftdhty. " fhe assailant- himself' shortly afterwards came '-''under- a c-eud ;" But iiiiis did not sr-vu Mr HLwhmett faomisusje nsion or, we.belie'y.O) absolute dismissal . from the public: service. Shiartajg under what- lie knew to be injustice,, a" nd bur- thsnod witltai numerous fiunily,)' £r Ham- m/s4tt roneatedlv amiled: &c;,' nn inves- tigatioa of bis case ; but ®£ ' course, in- Ministerial eyes, tha-. ruin of a mere individual faded into, insigr dficance be fore the cares of State ; and so it was only at the close of last session that Mr Hammiot obtained a com mittee of inquiry. A. " Board, in deed, had previ&uslv; taken the "matter into consideration ; , but constituted as Government Boards generally are, to be accused is to be condemned. The report of the seloct co'mmittee has just beon published; %nd, qyo perceive that, completely exo.ner?.ting Mr. IIam- mett from the 'more, serious charges, it extenuates tha 0D',y provable offence — that of neglecti-j 1 that " the P'inis'umont in this Base has 1 been out of nil proportion to the offenoe." M„r. Hammett's character has thus, b.een rehabilitated, and as a matter ol justice he is, of course, en titled to re- employment or compensa tion. But, who shall fix an adequate recompense for the obloquy and priva tion endured by bim and his family since he became the victim of Mr. Nash more than two years ago ? Our political Pepper fights hard to obtain a patent for his own particular " ghost" of Protection ; but it will require a little more logic than Mr. Jenner has hitherto advanced to con vince us that Victoria may pot bo still happily designated the Paradise of Labour. Jeremiads over colonial de cay may no doubt find an echo among those who are unfitted for tho rude exigencies of a new country, or who are probably incapable of active exer tion in any country at all ; but to those who have fallen naturally into their proper groove — to the large section of our community who have attained comparative ease through their own thrift, industry, and intelligence — pre dictions of a commercial crash must be simply amusing. Here as elsewhere, of course, the fluctuations of trade bring alternate shadow and sunshine to cer tain branches of industry, and the reckless speculation of former years has resulted in a dreary array of commercial martyrs ; but to those who are more properly termed " the working classes" tradesmen, diggers, unskilled labour ers, and, perhaps we might add, farmers — Victoria presents such an avenue for enterprise as can be paralleled by no other country in the world. Farmers who are adding acre to acre every year, diggers with a balance on the right side of their bank books, tradesmen in regular employment, working eight hours a day, enjoying their suburban residences, and making a weekly addi tion to their account in the savings bank — despite the lugubrious theories of Mr. Jenner, these are tho salient elements of Victorian society, just at present. We may indeed still enjoy the proverbial privilege of Britons, and grumble " to any extent" over political grievances, imaginary or real ; but it must he a thoroughly morbid and ungrateful spirit which would deny that our working classes have attained an unusual degree of prosperity. Material progress, however, should not be the only, if even the main object of popular ambition. Pleasant it is to forget the disagremens of the .Old World in the presence of neat dwellings, abundant food, comfortable dress, and other accessories of social enjoyment ; but we should be sorry to see any sec tion of a British community content with these as tho sole result of exer tion and existence. "Man does not live by bread alone ; " and, perhaps, a routine of endless toil is not much less endurable to a healthy nature than an unvarying round of merely sensual pleasures. Time was when the work ing man was regarded as the mere human animal, with no other mission than to be fed and utilised by his em ployer — when those who are comola- cently termed " the lower order," were literally To life's dull service sold. Where thought lay barren, and nought bred but gold. Now, however, tho worker takes his stand as one of the most valuable con stituents of society, his rights recog nised, and his interests protected by the State. The school, the lecture room, and the Mechanics' Institute have effected an intellectual revolution,' inspiring among the masses a love of self-culture, previously considered the peculiar attribute of "gentle birth." Leisure for cultivating his moral and intellectual faculties is now as indis pensable to tho working man as to those engaged in professional pursuits. " Civilization," says Sismondi, " has developed in man tho love of society. The poor man who labours has a right to a share of social pleasures — he has a right to those relaxations and enjoy ments without which life is a burden. The application of science to the arts, and the invention of machines; of con tinually increasing power, having mul tiplied indefinitely the results of the- employment of human strength; for the common advantage, the- poor have a right to their share in this advantage — they have a right that the develop ment of mechanical power should pro cure them mere rest. Civilisation has developed cultivation and' power of mind! ; it has raised the intelligence of man; it has placed him, likewise, on the way to obtain a higher moral state. The poor man- has a right also to his share of the enjoyments and virtues acquired by intelligence ; he-has a night to education for his children; to a share of instruction in his riper age, that the progress of thought may not increase the distance which separates him a from his fellow men." Fortunately, in Viotoria, at all events, the "poor" and the "working classes" are not synonimous ; but the application of Sismondi's humane philosophy is obvious enough. Our exhausting cli mate might be adduced as a sufficient argument for limiting the hours of labour, but we prefer defending such a limit upon the abstract rights of the people to moderate leisure. In a new- country like this, where it is not merely a figure of speech that the highest offi cers of the State are accessible to the humblest citizen, the advantages of an interval for study aro too tangible- to be overlooked ; and even if only re quired for the purpose of recreation, the working classes are fully justified in asserting their right. It is quite pos sible that the leisure obtained by the Eight-hour and Early-closing move ment is not always devoted to rational amusement or intellectual culture ; but nobody can deny that in the main the working classes have exhibited a dis creet appreciation of the privilege. It is a significant testimony to the excel- lence of the Eight-hour system, that it is admitted to have worked equally well for all parties ; that no employer has openly displayed any desire to violate its conditions ; and that the insidious attempt just made by Mr. Williams has been emphatically condemned by public opinion. We have never been slow to censure unjust or extravagant pretensions when advanced by any section of the community; and we should be as ready to de nounce an unreasonable trade mono poly as the squatters' appropriation of the public estate. But this struggle of the working classes to maintain a privilege so rational in itself, and won with such an exertion of thought and toil — a struggle like this deserves our thorough sympathy and support. Victoria would soon cease to be a desirable field for immigration, if the selfishness and prejudices of a few monopolists were allowed to overrule the general good sense and love of fair play. If Mr Williams now suc- ceeded in breaking the spirit of the men, he would soon find imitators in other branches of manufacture ; and the working classes might be reduced to the poverty and dependence of the old country. Need it be said that this is a cala which would tell not only upon the working classes themselves, but upon almost every other section of the community ? Fortunately, from all that we can ascertain, the workmen ap- pear to he acting with firmness and fidelity among themselves, and with such general good sense and modera- tion as are likely to secure their ulti mate success. We have Hobart Town journals to tho SCth Instant. To-day, being. St. Andrew's Day, will be observed as a holiday in the law courts and Banks. The December General Sessions for tbe county of Bourke will be opened to-morrow, in the County Court, by Judge Polilman. It will be seen by our telegram from Sydney that His Honour Judge Cailaghan,who recently met with a serious accident, by which his jaw was fractured, died on Saturday ovening. Tho business at tho City Police Court on Saturday woe very light. Sarah Gilman, a woman who seems possessed with an affection for gaol life, and who obtained, about five weeks ego, a month's imprisonment on a charge of vagrancy preferred by herself, was again sent to gaol for a month on a similar charge, similarly preferred. She had gone to the watch- house, end insisted upon being taken into custody as being without means of support. — James W. Hardrcss, a farm labourer, for desert ing his hired service with Mr Black, a former at Darcbiu Creek, was sont to gaol for a month ; and n young boy named Robert Jones, charged with stealing sundry articles from his father, was seut to Pentridge school for three montli9 as an 'incorrigible. During the hearing of tho latter case, Mr Sturt severely remarked upon the practice pursued by second-hand dealers, of buy ing articles from such young boys. There wore no cases of any public interest at the Sandridgc Police Court on Saturday. T It i, understood tha.' threecandldatcs ore idrea-ly I in the fleld for the vacant; In the representation of the Eastern Province, cau,ed by tho death of the late Hon R. Thompson. The names of these gentlemen are Mr Patrick Hnnntf, Mr Urquhnrt, and Mr Robert Turnbull. The writ has not yet been issued, and wopresumo that until this step is taken the candidates will refrain frtni publish ing their addresses. A pamphlet entitled "Instructions as lo applications for a title under the Real Properly Act" (price sixpence) has been issued from the Government Printing office. It contains a clear and concise abstract of tho steps which persons desirous of availing themselves of tho provisions of the act are required to t.ke, nnd would appear to be a usaful handbook to tliosc who aro interested in the conveyance of property. A man named Frederick Fowler, an old offender, was arrested yesterday by Detective Malnwaring, charged with breaking into and robbing a etoro situnted nt 57 Flinders lane east. A portion of the stolen property was found in ids possession. lie will be brought before tho Police Court this morning. On Saturday evening David Nott, a turnkey in the Western Gnol, fell down in n fit in Collins street. He was taken to the hospital in a stnte of insensibility, nnd notwithstanding immediate medicni aid he died during the evening. A woman named Mary Ann Duncan was admitted the same day, having broken her tlilgli while crossing n drain tho previous Tuesday, nt Clarke's station, near Mount Mncedon. She is progressing favourably. A letter wns received, on Snturdny last, by Mr Sturt, P.M., from K. Pogonowsky, the husband of tho women who, a little while back, wns forwarded ft ora Smythesdnle, nnd sent by the City Benclt to the Immigrants' Home, as having no means of support. In the letter tho husband, who is at present resident in Duncdin, exonerated himself from charges rclntive to his conduct towards his wife, and asked Mr Sturt to grant an order for her admission into the Luna tic Asylum as a person of nnsound mind. The etna of L7 wns enclosed in payment of any ex penses. The Irltcr farther stated that when corning out from Germany she illtrcsted her , chiMren so much that tbey were afraid of iter, that if he gnve ijsr any money site used to throw ! it into the fire, that site used to destroy cvery- i tiling site could lay her hands on, and she used | to labouT under tha delusion that she was the j wife of the Emperer of Germany. That terrible disease " diptheriu" is said to he j raging hi some parts of Bollnarat. Tho Star : says that the cau'.e of tho disease is stated to be the droBoage from the- Hospital, about whirl: the committee and Western Council 'are now fight ing so energetically. Also, severs! bodice of cows, wfilch' have died: of pleeco- pneumonio, are reported to- be- rotting he the vicinity of Ballaarat and catxwng some alarm, besides no little un pleasantness, Surely some ene must be respon sible for these breaches of tho eanitazy regula tions. The following statenmnt will show the condi tion of H. M.'s Central gaol, Melbourne, on Friday, 2Jth inst. For trial before the Supreme Court, 9 rea'es, 4 females ; before magistrates, 10 males, 3 females. Coder sentence, death 1, road gang, 15 ; hard labour, 80 males, 2 females ; imprisonment, 54 males, 40 females;; lunatics, 8 , males, 4 females. In default of bail, 9 males, 3. : females. Debtors, 0. Total, 108 males, GO ; females. A very extraordinary and most painful case- lias been investigated before the Castleinoine Bench, the following notice of which we take from th; M. A. Mail of Saturday : — " A young girl of fourteen endeavours to affiliate her child, and swears, without the slightest hesitation that the man wlsora she charges with the paternity is the father ; her mother swears also that the de fendant admitted so much to her in the most express terms, and that tie- volunteered: the ex pression of Ids own opinica that ho ' deserved to be hung ' for what he bad done to- the child. The defendant meets these statements witli a point blank denial ; ho swears that Uo never had any improptr intimacy with tho child, and further that he never admitted the .paternity. The magistrates, adopting Mr I'nynter's theory, I that the testimony of the mntljr re quired corroboration, dismissed the case. It must be evident that gross perjury wns committed on one side lo the otlur, and the Impression in tha court, un the bench, and on the floor, seemed to be in favour of the complainant nnd her mother. 'Ihe bench, however, deemed" themselves in duty bound to givo defendant the bonetlt oi the argument raised by lm attorney. Now, it appears to' us that tho mother's testi mony was sufficiently corroborative ofthe.com- plainant's evidence to have justified them in" making the required order. > Tho fact that the defendant had slept in the snme room with the complainant on more than one occasion would of itself, if proved, have been regarded as ample corroboration before an English bench; and were the case supported ly evidence of such ad missions as thosa said' to have been made by Moron, no amount of swearing on his part wouhl hove enabled him to escape the consequences of an tier for atliihuioa." In the Ballaarat Eastern Police Court, oil Friday, it transpired that a constable, acting as a. bailiff in possession, went out of the house to look after soma bricks ha had charge of, tho drors were shut upon him, he forced his way in and wns assaulted, wherefore the assaulters were brought up criminally. For the defence it was argucl that having left the house the bailiff had surrendered possession, nnd his re-entry wns a trespass, and the assault complained of was jus tifiable. The constable lta-1 ulso interferred to prevent the removal of a jug which wns not inventoried, and On that ground also it wns argued fo the defence that the constable wns in fault. The magistrate ruled that the prosecu tion hnd foiled, and the prisoners were dis charged. An instance of the reckless manner in which the funiMf tlic Provident Institute were lent, is thus reln(Rl to by the Tarrcngowcr Times : — An allotment of land, on the main road below Wilder's premises, was offered for solo by Richards and Carey, auctioneers, a day or two since, for the assignees of the institute, nnd it transpired that L100 had been lent upon it, shortly after it had been purchased for L30. The auctioneer's bid of L20 was not advanced upou, and Mr Richards offered afterwards to receive private offers, the b.st of which, we pre sume, would bo that of Mr Wilder, to whom the allotment might be worth nt the outsido L10 or Ll-2. Considerable dissatisfaction itas been caused (says the Geelong Advertiser) by the fact that the freight on wool by tho Martha Birnio and Cslliance now ljlng alongside tbe Yarrn street wharf, ha: been raised from three farthings to seven-eighths of a penny per lb ; while it is alleged that the Donald M'JCoy and other vessels in Hobson's Bay take in at three farthings, and pay tho lighterage to Melbourne in the bargain. On the other hand it is alleged that the Donald M'Kay is the only vos3ol loading at the lower rate, and that when she is filled up there will be a further rise to a penny. In tho face of these conflicting statements we hesitate before affixing blame upon the agents of the ships here. The Cosmopolitan Mining Company at Bal laarat declared a dividend of L20 on Friday for the fortnight, after reserving LlOO for expenses. The 8t. Arnaud Silver Mining Company have obtained 520 ounces of retorted Bilvcr, tho produce of their operations during the lost six teen days. A now reef has beon opened nt. Inkcrman, near Dunolly, by Messrs M'Alllster and Hop kins. Tlicy reported to the mining registrar that a trial crushing yielded loz of gold from four buckets oi stone obtained from the top of the rocf. The hon the Minister of Mines, R. Brough Smythe, Esq , nnd a number of gentlemen re siding in tbe district, including tho members of the Amherst Borough Council, were entertained at n banquet given on Wednesday night, by Moritz Colin, Esq., Mayor of the borough of Amherst. J The St. Kilda Borough election promises to lie a voty quiet one, as it is understood that no opposition will bo offered to the election of tho i Hon A. Frascr. Mr Jobn Oldham, the solicitor, Issued an address in the esrly portion of Inst week, j but, on hearing Mr Frasor intended standing, i resigned iu thnt gentleman's favour. Mr Hetties has been starring it nt Warrnam- booi. A local journal mentions thnt immediately nftor landing tho hon. gentleman received deputations at tho Court-house, when ids wor ship tho mayor, the town clerk, and somo members of the council, tlio chairman, clerk, and engineer of the Road Board, waited upon bim, and brought before bim several local matters, which Mr Henfra promised .to attend to. In addition to laying the foundation stone of tho new Wcslcynn Church, ho lectured on " Total Abstinence" in the evening, nnd re ceived addresses from the office-bearers of sovernl branch temperance societies. A correspondent writing from Newberry, (Blue Mountain Goldftclds), says: — A iarge number of diggers Iinvo returned to this plnco from the Raywood Rush, which they emphati cally condemn. The Alma reef continues as prosperous as ever; the stono looks splendid. Four ounces to the ton is no joko, but a fact, and when twenty-three tons yield that average, things may be said to look flourishing. Mel bourne, Ballaarat, and Sydnoy capitalists have been hero lately. Alluvial prospect: are bright ening. Deep sinking is pursued with unflagging energy at Garlicky tho prospects being of an excellent kind. At Trentham both farming and mining has received a decided impetus. This district is literally full of reefs, and tho population is steadily increasing. The M. A. Mail of Friday nays: — "Wo have scon a sample of very rich quartz, broken out by n practical miner from a leader of gold in a newly discovered reef. lie did not indicate to us the precise locnlity of the reef. This is another instance of the amount of undiscovered treasure which lies around us in the ranges and auriferous flats. Persevering prospecting and the enterprising application of capital and labour are alone required to make this goldfield abun dantly prosperous. The discovery of a new quartz reef or lead of gold would creato some thing like a sensation at Ballaarat, or even at Bcndlgo or Daylcslord ; but so apathetic are the majority of our capitalists and storekeepers— nnd we might almost ndd our minors — that we verily believe if tbe richest reef yet found were disco vered in this district, it would bo a matter of some difficulty to get It properly worked." Wo gather the following pleasing items of mining news from the Dunolly Express of 26th November: — A claim bottomed at Owen's Rash yesterday morning, at a depth of twenty-two feet, on the southern boundary of that of the prospectors, yielded a prospect of 2.Jdwt to tho tub. The prospectors can see gold in driving, and a small piece that flaked from the top of the drive yielded nearly a pennyweight. Several claims have bottomed on a little gold, about half a pennyweight to the tub, and sinking is going on briskly oil around. Last evening we hctud that two tubs taken from tho bottom of a claim newly suuk yielded 4dwt of gold. : This is tending towards new ground. A rumour bos been going the rounds for the past few days, j that a monster nugget of 401bs weight hnd been j found by n Chinnman on Sp'llor's hill, Burnt : Creek. On inquiry we found that tho report enme frora a storekeeper at Chinese Town, who states that some of his countrymen obtained first a piece worth some L1800, and subsequently another, worth 1.1DO. It is abo stated that L3 19s per ounce has been offered for the gold, but thnt Jobn is holding out for L4 Is. The locality whence the nuggeta were taken is un certain, but there seems to be no doubt a good discovery has been made somewhere in the neigh bourhood of Burnt Creek. Captain Ryland of the Co3tlemaine Volunteers has resigned bis commission. Commenting upon this fact the M. A. Mail soys: — ('There, is not a volunteer officer better "up" in the knowledge of a captain's duties than Captain Ryland is. Qooil volunteer officers are scarce. It will he difficult to fill Captain Rylnnd's plaeo in the Castleinaine.corps. Ho hnd a kuowledge of military duties when he joined at the starting of the corps, nnd it is due to him to sny that the (corps have profltted in no small degree from the instruction lie lms imparted to tho members." The cause of Capt. Rylnnd's resignation is not stated. Tho progress of the Sandhurst nnd Echucn line of Railway, says the Bcndlgo Advertl-cr, was' on Thursday afternoon marked by an inte resting occurrence — the conveyance through Sandhurst, on temporary rails, of a locomotive engine— the " First Victorian " — weighing up wards of sixteen tons. About eight men were engaged In llie process, which consisted in laying short lengths of rails, mounted on wooden fram ing, in froi.t of the. engine, pinning them toge ther, levering on the -iron monster, and offer detaching the rails, again drawing them, with the assistance of a horse, to the front, to play over again the part which they had just coma plcled: On Thursday night, by 11 p.m., the iron horse had advanced as far as View Point, juit short of the bridge over the slormwaterchnn- ncl. There hi: huge limbs reposed until six o'clock this morning, under the care of a single keeper, who wrapped up in hts solitary blanket, may huve dreamt of tho aboriginal who might, li'anketless, have reposed oh the seme spot, more so'itary stiff, a dozen years since. It wns stated that the locomotive would proceed along the main road through the muni cipal reserve on Friday morning, at six o'clock, and would in the course of two or three days arrive nt its destination beyond tho White Hills j Iinnilet, five or six miles from Sandhurst, on tho ! flret portion oi Messrs Collier nnd Barry's con tract for the Sandhurst and Ecliuca line, on ' which in a few days it would be running. Meantime n carter boastfully offered to yoke on to it bis three teani3 of sixteen horses and take it "without rails" straight through to its destina tion, lit'le thinking that in civilisation as in geology there arc eras, and that the metalled ronds and temporary bridges about Sandhurst would no more bear the weight of tho railway leviathan than the infirm earth of the Saurinn era would have b— ae the weight of the tertiary mammoth. Tho following extract of a letter received by last mail has been published by the S. A. Regis ter: — "There is much correspondence on the su'jeet of transportation to Australia in the daily popers juat now; and your comments have come very opportunely, as confirming the de termined opp-.si.ion of the colonists to receiving these outcasts. For my part, I consider Aus tralia too good for llnm. I am thoroughly dis gusted nt tho maudlin sentimentality which raises a fierce outcry at any proposition to send those miscreants to any but a healthy climate, while our troops are sent and our missionaries go to places where yellow and other fevers demand their annual quo'n of victims. In this very country the diet of tho prisoners nt Winchester far exceeds that of unions ; tho argument being that strong nnd active culprits, for whom they Imvo not sufficient work, would foil away in flesli without nn abundance of animal food. Frequently it occurs thnt vagrants or other offenders on being committed for n month, beg for six weeks, because tlicy get bread and water for a month's committal ; but then health might suffer if they were to bo kept on it for six weeks." Tho Soutli Australian Register of 20th No vember gives the f, flowing will: reference to the senrcl: for gold now being carried on In that colony by Mr Ilargrenves: — "We learn that Mr Hargrenre: left bis camp, at Lovely Valley, cn Monday last, and proceeded towards Rapid Bay. lie lias been obliged to keep pretty much to the main roads with his dray and carts during ids journey sou'iiward, in consequence of tho country being unusually wet. But be is steadily nt work, making a systematic examination of that part of the district which is drained by Gulf St. Viiieeuf. He will continue his explo ration to Capo Jerri:, and from that point will cross over to Kangaroo Island, whore lie pro poses to stay tor a period of four or five days. Amongst the reasons which induce him to "V this step is afavourable. statement which he has received from Mr Tolmer, who, ' it will be re- membored, was struck by the likely appearance of Kangaroo Island as a probable goldfleld whilst lie was engaged there on polieo duties some years ego. Mr Hargravcs, on his return from Kangaroo Island, proposes to take up his work nt Cape Jeivis and proceed northward, when lie will have an opportunity of examining the numerous localities along the ranges in which small quantities of gold have been found from time to time. An invention for preventing tho "fouling of the s— lew" in vessels propelled on that principlo is about to be patented by Mr. McLean, the In spector of Government works in Gipps Land. Mr McLean's attention, says tbe Guardian, was called to this subject by the disastrous wreck of tho Roynl Charter, and, after lengthenod con sideration b? lias arrivea at the conclusion that the principle illustrated in the midel designed by him is the only one capable of permanently counteracting the danger of foulage. Instead of having a series of loose knives, as hos bccn< formerly trial, Mr McLean makes his fan self- . clearing, and screws upon the stern-plate form-, ing the run, sharpened steel plates, which net as knives, and would have sufficient strength to cut any rope nnd even chains of common calibre which might he presented to their resistance. The Committee of the Mnry Frnser fund will meet at the Criterion hotel, this afternoon, at five p.m. An advertisement elsewhere states that " business of importanco" will ba trans acted. Tho number of visitors to tho Museums of Natural History, Geology, nnd Economic Geology, during the week ending the 28th No vember, was 784. The museums arc opou to tbe public daily, Sundays excepted, from 10 a.m. till 6 p.m. in tbe north side ofthe University. Tiie Melbourne Mechanics' Institute concert, to be given by tbe Orpbcus Union, will take place this evening. Preparations for the regatta at Learmonth, notwithstanding the weather, aro being carried on with commendable energy. The four crack Melbourne boats, says a Ballaarat paper, ar rived at 11 p.m. on Wednesday lost, and were safely deposited, by Mr Bath's teams, aL Port Solomon. They are named respectively, the " l'yne," the " Lenrmonth," the " Oxford," and tho " Thames," and were aceompnnied by thelrhuildcr, Mr Edwards, of Melbourne. Tho build nnd style of the boats liavo elicited much admiration. Tho cricket match between tho M.C.C. and cloven up-country players was concluded on Saturday, on the Melbourne ground, in favour of the former, who beat their opponents in one Innings, with 113 runs to spare. The seore of the M.C.C. amounted to 227, of which Cosstiek contributed no less than 108, while the pro vincials obtained only 114 in bo'h inning:. To day the East Melbourne club will play a match against Costlcmaine on the Melbourne ground, the use of which has been given for tho occasion. The Castlemaine Race Meeting will commence to-morrow, Tuesday, continuing on tho follow ing day. The Maiden Plate, the Great Centre Handicap (200 sovs.), the Ladles' Purse, nnd the Hack Selling Race are on the card for the first day. The second day's sp'.rt includes tbe Selling Race, the Prince of Wales' Slakes (a liandicnp to sweepstakes of five sovs. with 100 sovs. added), the Handicap Hurdle Race, the Consolation Stakes, and the Hurry Scurry. In order to accommodate visitors from Melbourne, Kyncton, Sandhurst, and the various stntions along the line, return tickets will be issued at single fares from ail stations to Castlemaine, such tickets to bo nvoflable from tho 30th Novem ber to the 3rd of December, both days in clusive. 