SUMMARY OF MONDAY AND WEDNESDAY'S NE The arrival of the mails from ] Stmdaf atgbt, and the nsM-sli . thereby hm absorbed the attentioatiT our colonist* for the pa«t week. In a eacond edition we published on Monday morning, and in to-day's number, will be found tiding* from America to 4 great length. They «hew that the savage war still continues, and an&punco; pteppratioas rfoc future- conflict. I •-«»*••; H »-; £ The intclligence frotn England ia scant, the marrngiB vf tfce P«noe of Wales, which was to have taken place last month, being the all prevailing topic. : —- Unhappflythe aiflressin I/ancas continuoa. A large meeting haa been held in London in favor of a revival of transportation. This may suit our friends at home, but not Victorians, who will resist the step by all the means in their power. The rush to Majorca, near M'Cullum's Creek, Rtill continues, and may now be safely declared a certain matter. Between twenty eted thirty boles lyive been bottomed, most of them wUb payable gold, and the trading public seem so satisfied with what ia goinj; on that numerous edifices of the usua "new-rushy" materials, have been erected on the ground. A new Btreet has been marked out, and all the allotments taken up. An official inquiry took place on Tuesday at Avoca, before G. Amos, Esq., Commissioner of Crown Lands, as to the allegations respecting Mr. Paaooe, the Town Clerk, and the late sale of Crown lands in the Avon municipality. The evidence appeared in our Wednesday's issue. The result luw yet to be ascertained. Mr. Wheeler, the brewer, haa beeu elected one of the Municipal Council of Carisbrook. We continue to receive numerous complaints of the want of a general market in Maryborough. Hie annual races at Avoca took place on Wednesday and yesterday. The sport was good. THE duty again devolves upon us of making known a want, increasing in its urgency daily, not only in the town of Maryborough but "in the adjacent district. The expediency, nay the absolute necessity,of establishing a Market for the public sale of agricultural, dairy, and garden produce, is continually being forced on our notice,and some people goBO far as to attribute personal motives to those whose duty it is to bring the subject under consideration, but who, with an in differencealmoet amounting to pervcreeness, continue to disregard it. A whole ehoal of arguments can be adduced in favor of the public benefits to be derived from a Market, but we confess to be utterly unable to discover one solitary reason against them, of course on public grounds. The farmer has now to go to the miller or consumer to sell hie grain under a bargain that roust be exclusive. No means are afforded him by open competition to establish a rate of prices, acknowledged to be so essential among men of business. Fancv methods of measuring grain by the weighing system are adopted and have * tendency in a general sense to mislead. Imperial measures are discarded, and a bushel of wheat must weigh aUty pounds, whilst a superior sample might turn the acale of aixty-eight pounds, but the bushel is called a buatel, we imagine, all the same. This does not seem to us to square with the principle* of fair competition, as to quality. A market that would bring together" the producers of the district around, on a given day in the week, would have the effect of regulating all these dis- crepancies, and would afford an opportunity for that intercourse and interchange of opinions so highly desirable in a community such as ours. Prices would be known, and purchasers as well as sellers could make their arrangements certain and convenient, which we defy them to do under the present system. People who have money to spend would know where to go for a choice of what they need, whereas now but little choice ia afforded them, and as to some articles of consumption, it is difficult to discover where to obtain them at all. There need be no extravagant outlay in furnishing a building or other place of exchange, as to corn for instance. No fine Temple of Commerce need be reared, and it cannot be difficult to determine upon a place in Maryborough where growers and consumers can meet for their mutual interest, which would be large enough to be convenient, and strong enough to be aafe. Evidence* are increasing daily before our eyes of tho certainty of a plentiful supply of produce of all kinds. Go out of the town which way you will, either by the cultivated plots at Bung Bong, the pretty and fertile banks ofM'Cullum'sCroek.thebroad acre* of Carisbrook and Moolort, or the thriving gardens and grounds on the Bet-Bet, plenty of evidence will be given to the eye alone that the supply to a market would be ample, whilst, as month succeeds month, stocks of all kinds, including poultry,—involving the useful and wholesome supply of crease and moltipljr around us. It is not to be supposed,—*t leut we find it «t» tremely difficult to suppose,—that tboce is any valid objection to establishing % Mai?, borough corn, hay, and genem market. Here U no town in England of anr oonaequenoe at all that hat not iia weqklr or biweekly market dan. Hundreds m towns that never had a aream, even of one inhabitant, of sending a ghost of a member to represent them in the I mperial Parliament(lpt alons two), hold and cherish tbetr fltarkate as the enuiaftiiemck; the commercial hebdomadal gem of their existence. A market-day in an English town, especially in the glorious autumn, is a sight to see. The farmer, with his ruddy ma, bealtby eve and firm gait; the dealer or higgler, in Us cart with bis " missis," and ducks and the turkeys craning. out of Hie. ooops and cackling noisily; the (talis oovered with golden batter, on the whitest of cloths, attended by applecheeked damsels in fte whitest of aprons j fruit, herbs, cheeses, vegetables, suckingpigs {fstywbite also) j fish (in the coast iowni), are the Mver-fiUing ooncomiiaots 6f the market*, certainly once * week. There, too, isaeeutbeoom-dealeronaiarge aoale, the tnaltater, brewer, cheese-monger, all ready to trade upon tbe advantages modities to deal in. Is there any reasonable pegativo to the question why such advantages should not be afforded here P Is tbere any reasonable doubt but that they ^•ould bofelt as benefifci to all alike ? We deny altogether the hypotbeeis that individual tradesmen would be damaged, and assert, on the contrary, that a market would do them good, not only by bringing people from a distance with certain oupplies at,* jfcated tjme» ,but -by enoouraging buyers to attend alsS. A vofry- taoderate Bcale of dues would suffice to pay Jfof tlie necessary ouHay.and for'teeping tbeplace fixed upon in proper order and safety. Tho gentlemen wfin f^ia the affairs of the town, willdo well to take the necessity of establishing a market here into their serious consideration. The admirably drawn report ofthe Commissioners appointed to enquire into tbe Municipal and Charitable Institutions of Victoria states—" The markets of Sandhurst and " Caatlemaine are in a very flourishing " condition, and bring a great accession to " the trade of those towns." The following question was put to the Chairman of the Municipality of Castlemaine:—" Do von think it generally ad- Tvisable to establish a market in a town?" ",his was the answer:—" There is onegreat " prejudice that the ratepayers in almost " every municipality have had at first, mote " especially those who are storekeepers, and " little dealers who have places of their " own. They say immediately, ' This mar- "' ket tnust rum my business.' But I " think that is a very narrow idea to take " of it, and that has been confirmed in " Castlemaine where the market has been a "great success, and a very considerable " source of revenue." That is proof positive of what has been done, and the following question put to the same gentleman, with his answerappeuded, may give some idea, by comparison, of what may be done here:— " Does the market do die town a eubatan- " tial good ?—Yes; more than anything we " have got. All the little market gardeners " come from Bullock Creek to Caatlemaine, "although it is much nearer to Sandhurst " than it is to CRstlamsine, and thus they "get their money in return; and from " Forest Town and Tarrangower (Maldon) " and very offceu from Daylasford, the peo- " pie come into t&wa; here." But we so beyond the benefit likely to accrue to the town, and repeat the District will be healthily affected, if what we are arguing for be carried out. It will be impolitic aid! short- sighted of our storekeepers and other tradesmen to offer an opposition, and we take leave to say that unless some steps be taken to set the scheme afoot, it will be an omission the consequences of which time will assuredly cause us to feel severely. ONCE a month the arrival of the mail un rolls the map of the old world to our gaze, beneficially diverts our attention from the small concerns of our immediate sphere of action, and reminds us that there are great events to attract oar attention, and great actors to excite our interest in a part of the from which we are separated, but not isolated. The intelligence received from America still claim* the greatest share of our attention; and it h manifest that the civil war Is not far from its termination. Everything betokens that while the Bouth is resolute, united, victorious, and invinoible as ever, tbe North is disunited, disn and w^Miigh exhausted. The Wi States threaten to make common cause with the South; the great army of the Potomac is in process of dissolution; the Confederate Alabama is still the terror and scourge of tbe Federal navv; a gallant exploit on tbe part of the Confederate vessels of war raised the blockade of Charleston for a time; there is discord in the Federal Cabinet, if not in the Federal camp ; and Mr. Seward, the mainspring of the war, is likely to collapse as a public man, owing to the outapoken language of the French ambassador, who has taxed the American Minister with having suggested his (M. Mercier's) visit to the Confederate head quarter* at Bxcbmond, to ascertain if an adjustment of the dispute were practicable. Such a suggestion is so directly at variance with the language held and the policy ostensibly pursued by Mr. Seward, that if the allegation can be substantiated, it will be fatal to Mr. Seward's character as a public man. The finmwal embarrassments of the North appear to increase*; tbe premium gold is rising; the term for which the bulk of the Northern army enlisted, will expire in May next, and if the genera] engagement which is expected to take place at vicksbure, should be decided in favour of the Confederates, the North will be helplessly at the feet of the South, and the abasement of the Federals will immediately precede the final and irrevocable dissolution of the Union. Turning W Europe, we find heroic Poland once more making a desperate effort for enfranchisement, with the sympathy of free men in all parts of the world; while the absolutist King of Prussia has outraged public opinion by doing the dirty work of the Cjtar. The repulse of the Bussian troop*, and their temporary evacuation of the Polish territory, is a significant {act; While the condemnation of the Bussian po- Usy by the English Parliament is »gn«t moral force * in favor or tbe Equally important imd «tBl more inflnential _ $ jfc* ^ bint action taken In *heir "by the OorwnmenU of (Jreat Britta, Austria, and IVanoe. The latest telegrams hint at the probability of an European war; but the Busstsn finances hare not aufficusntly wwrered from the stcsin impoMd upon them by the Crimean war to wamnt the Emperor Alexander in incurring *oeh a responsibility. Still tbe oontingemsy must 4ot be orerlookad; nor must we, la this P«rt of the worid, be inattentive to the Fact, that Admiral Popoff fewfc wtmduyt^ ourhaHxfun during the shay of hia vessel m Port Jackson and ^ortHiillip. The approaching marriage Of WB OH weak of what it now a past erent in tbe fihtn tense) was calling forth, all the loyalty of ott* oountrytnen at bote*, and WM alao exerdsing their llbenditr. The House of Commons has made a handsome •revision for -the young eouble, ud (he ' >itr of Ziondon has omental the Prinoeu with a magnifioeot dotation. Two of the most unfavorable item* of intelligent^ those whloh nbrto tbe oontbnanoeoftbe diltmi in Lancashire, and to the menemil of 1ruuport*tioa to Western Autralia. Friday The former is a veroments and colonies will noti™ ttayUHJl luwifiL™-™ vernment to dedawlM.*^ continent BhaU^T.^^r^; totUrfto dcmaodSVt.-, tte home authoritiTaad u if necessary. necessarv. ' a w uuiit 