SHIPS' REPORTS. THE CORNWALLIS. The Cornwallis, 648 tons, Captain Blick, sailed from London on the 4th March, and cleared Lands End on the 19th of the same month. She has made a very fair average voyage of 91 days from land to land. Prom tho time of her sailing till she doubled the Cape, the Cornwallis experienced nothing but light variable winds, and from the Cape of Good Hope to Cape Pillow she encountered a succession of heavy gales; thence along the east coast of Australia she again experienced light variable winds. During the passage she spoke a Portuguese barque, bound from Oporto to Pernambucco, by which vessel she sent letters for England. She also spoke the British barque Sea Snake, from Adelaide, and when off Smoky Cape was spoken by the Telegraph, steamer, from Syd- ney. This vessel belongs to Messrs. T. and W. Smith, of London, who intend to lay a line of vessels on for this port, provided the government will grant land orders to the immigrants who may come by them. Messrs. Wienholt and Walker are the agents here for this line. THE HANNAH MORE The Black Ball ship Hannah More, 1129 tons, Captain W. Brown, sailed from the Mersey on the 16th of January last, and immediately ofter her departure encountered a violent gale, which drove her into the Bristol Channel. During this storm she lost two of her anchors, and to prevent risk to the passengers and crew the captain ran the vessel under Landy Island till the gale had ex- pended its violence. The Hannah More had sus- tained no damage beyond the loss of her ground tackle, and on the 11th February she sailed again from Bristol for Keppel Bay, with 420 souls on board. Of these, it will be remembered that a large number were cotton operatives from the distressed districts of Lancashire. They were under the medical charge of Dr. James Robb, surgeon superintendent. The Hannah More also brings about 600 tons of general merchandise, all of which, we believe, is consigned to Moreton Bay. During the passage, which extended over a pe- riod of 130 days, there was a large amount of sickness, and a very considerable mortality—there having been 35 deaths, principally of children. At the early part of the voyage the measles made its appearance among the children, and in three cases proved fatal. About the middle of the voy- age, in March and April, cases of typhus fever prevailed, and two children, members of one family, died of that disease. Scarlatina appeared shortly after, and three persons fell victims to that malady, the last death taking place on the 22nd May, just one month previous to the ship's arrival. One case of hooping cough proved fatal, and the other deaths resulted from various com- plaints peculiar to a long voyage. The voyage has been an unusually protracted one, and from this cause provisions ran short, which circumstance compelled Captain Brown to put into Moreton Bay for fresh supplies to carry him through the remainder or the passage to Keppel Bay. The steamer Brisbane left the A. S. N. Com- pany's wharf on the 25th June, and proceeded to the bay, to convey fresh provisions to the Hannah More. Dr. Hobbs, the Health Officer, availed himself of the opportunity to visit the vessel. The Brisbane, on arriving at the bar, went alongside the Cornwallis, while the Health Officer inspected the ship. She then proceeded to the Pilot Station, and anchored for the night. At daybroak she steamed up to the Hannah More, but as it was found that there were twelve cases of hooping cough on board she did not go alongside. The Health-officer accordingly placed the ship in quarantine, and recommended the captain to bring his ship across the bay to the roads, there to await instructions to be forwarded to him by the govern- ment. Capt. Brown acted in accordance with these instructions, but had great difficulty in preventing the passengers from taking the ship's boats and landing. Indeed, bo found it necessary to break in the bottom planks of two of his boats in order to carry out his instructions. The Hannah More was released from quaran- tine about the 5th July, and upwards of 200 of the immigrants were conveyed to Rockhampton by the A. S. N. Co.'s steamer Clarence, on the 7th. The majority of them were successful in getting occu- pation immediately after arrival. THE CAIRNGORM. The Black Ball ship, Cairngorm, arrived in Brisbane Roads on the 2nd July, after a favorable passage of 92 days from Greenock, which port she left on the 28th March, having sailed from Liver- pool on the 22nd of that month. Her cargo con- sists of about 500 tons of general merchandise, besides which, she has brought 340 passengers, who are under the medical superintendence of Mr. Robert Byers. The Cairngorm has made a favor- able passage, having experienced but little bad weather, except whilst making her easting, when she encountered the roughest weather she had throughout the run. She has, we believe, some- what the reputation of being a "wet ship," and in consequence, many of the younger children be- came affected with colds, diarrhœa, and other similar complaints. Shortly after thc commence- ment of the voyage measles inadu their appear- ance, and fortunately, out of twenty-five cases, only seven were fatal, which, considering the dis- advantageous circumstances the sick children labored under, may be considered satisfactory. The last death from this cause occurred nearly a month ago—on the 7th of June. There was also one case of hooping-cough, which lasted fourteen days, but which happily did not extend itself to the other children. There were also five other deaths, one of which was a case of consumption, and another the result of water on the brain. There were three births during the voyage, two or which were those of females. From Greenock the Cairngorm brings 187 passengers, and from Liverpool 153. Among those who embarked at Greenock are a number of cotton operatives from the manufacturing districts of Scotland. There were 23 saloon passengers, and 31 in the second cabin. The remainder may be thus divided—41 single females and 150 single men, the rest consisting of families. The Health officer, Dr. Hobbs, proceeded to the bay on the 2nd July, in the steamer Hotham, and having found the ship and passengers in a satisfactory condition, passed the vessel with a clean bill. The names of the saloon passengers are Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Wilson, 2 children, and nurse; Mrs. Garbrett, 3 children, and servant; Mr. and Mrs. Boyd and 4 children ; Messrs. John Bell, William Bell, Lawrance Boult, C. Vignolles, Vincent An- con, Dr. Temple, Mr. Robert Byers, surgeon- superintendent; and Mrs. Byers. Captain Banks gives us the subjoined account of the passage of the Cairngorm from Liverpool to Moreton Bay :— She left Liverpool on March 22nd in tow of a steam-tug, having on board some 200 tons or cargo and about 169 passengers, and ar- rived at Greenock on March 22nd, where she took on board about 300 tons of cargo (including a screw ????ter in pieces) and 195 passengers. She left Greenock on March 28th, with the following passengers on board, viz.; 147 English; 131 Scotch, 75 Irish; and 3 others; total, 353 souls. She had a fair run to the equator in 22 days. lt was crossed in 26 deg. 30 min. W. longitude. She reached the meridian of Greenwich in 42 deg. south on May 17th, having to contend with light variable southerly winds and calms, and getting a good share of the "braw west winds." By June 11th she was in a parallel with Tasmania, when the wind veered to the north-east, and continued from that quarter until June 27th. When in latitude 34 deg. south, longitude 154 east, the wind changed to south, and freshened into a strong gale, with terrific squalls. On June 28th she made the land off Cape Moreton. On the 29th, at noon, she received on board Mr. Sholl (the pilot), after a passage of 92 days from port to port. BEEJAPORE. The following particulars of the passage of the Beejapore, from Queenstown to Keppel Bay, is taken from the "Rockhampton Bulletin" of the 30th June :— "Ship Beejapore, of Liverpool, 1676 tons register, Edward Brabazon Drenning, commander, sailed from Queenstown 3 p.m. of 24th March, 1863; experienced light winds up to latitude of Maderia, which was passed on 4th of April, from thence moderate breezes to the equa- tor, which was passed on 17th April; on 16th of April, latitude 1°41 north, longitude 23°38 west, boarded the American ship City of Mobile, 80 days from Calcutta, and bound to London. 17th of April, latitude 00°34 north, longitude 24°04 west, was boarded by a boat from the British ship Sir John Laurence, 79 days from Adelaide, and bound to London, had light S.E. trades, and passed the island of Trinidad on 30th April; from thence had moderate winds from north and N.N.W., and passed the meridan of the Cape of Good Hope in latitude 41°01 S., on the 13th May; and from thence had a succession of winds, varying between N.W. and W.S.W., and a great deal of damp weather, and occasionally hail, sleet, and now; rounded the south end of Van Diemen's Land on the 10th June, and passed Sydney on the 15th June, and from there to Sandy Cape, which place was passed at 4 a.m. on 24th June, had light winds from N. and N.W.; passed Lady Elliot's Island at 8.m. on 24th June, and anchored under Cape Capricorn at 8 p.m. to wait for daylight to go into Keppel Bay; 8 a.m. of 25th, light air from S.S.E., got underweigh and proceeded towards Keppel Bay: 9.30, received a pilot on board, the rocks off Cape Keppel bearing south three-quarters of a mile; 11.50 a.m. anchored off Sea Hill in nine fathoms. Have on board in first cabin as passengers, C. H. Lambert, C. Copeland, C. Brown, J. Brown, John Keating, and the Rev. T. Keating, Roman Catholic chaplain." The same journal, speaking of the passengers and their accommodation on board the Beejapore, says: - "The hiring of the new arrivals com- menced at half- past nine yesterday morning, the arrangements, with a difference of those employed to superintend, being the same as heretofore. Mr. Jardine left in the Queensland yesterday, for the remainder of the passengers, and they arrived last night, and at once proceeded to the depot. The Beejapore being bound for Brisbane, will in all probability take a few of the immigrants to that port, though many who previously intended to go there have on good grounds changed their determination, and resolved to stop at Rock- hampton. In conclusion, we may sum up these necessarily imperfect remarks by stating that the provisions supplied to the Beejapore were abundant and good, but that, on the other hand, the water was filthy, stowed away in casks, and that, with inexcusable culpability, considering the number of human lives at stake, there was no distilling apparatus on board, and the galley was far too small for the cooking to be prepared therein. These things will, however, it is believed, form the ground of a searching inquiry at Brisbane, and at any rate serve to show the charterers of vessels at home, and those holding responsible offices in them, that we look for something, more than the disembarkation of fellow- creatures like live stock, fenced up during the voyage without regard to the proprieties of life and comforts of existence." DAVID McIVOR. We take the following from the " Maryborough Chronicle" of July 9th:— "We announced in our last issue that a message had been forwarded to Maryborough that the David M'Ivor had entered Hervey's Bay. The vessel first anchored in the bay on Friday, the 3rd inst., and was boarded by the pilot on the following Wednesday. On Thurs- day morning last the Queensland steamer took her in tow to the usual anchorage at the White Cliff, and then received all her passengers and their luggage, with which she arrived safely at Maryborough shortly after dark. Notwithstand- ing some slight confusion occasioned by the dark- ness, all were disembarked without accident, and immediately lodged in the new Immigra- tion depot. The ship has had an unusually pros- perous voyage; only one death had occurred (an infant), while the captain has landed nine young immigrants not on the ship's list at starting. The immigrants all appear in excellent health and spirits—very hopeful of the future. The hiring has, up to the present time, been chiefly in the town, but few country orders having arrived. If the county is as brisk in its demand for labor as the town has been, in a week or two the whole will be absorbed. The rate of wages does not ap- pear to have been at all affected by this large sup- ply of labor, but we would caution the new arrivals against expecting top prices. Neither in agricultural or pastoral life will they be worth, for months to come, the wages of experienced hands. We believe but few are troubled with extravagant notions; the mass are thankful they are here, and are willing to fall to work the first chance that offers." The Gnering, stern-wheel steamer, made a trial trip on the 23rd June. This craft was for- merly known as the Granite City, and was em- ployed in the timber trade. At that time she had a square stern, and was a sailing vessel. Since then she has been considerably altered, having had 18 feet added to her length and her stern changed to its present shape. Her engine and boiler are of English manufacture, and were fitted up in Brisbane by Mr. Pettigrew's engineer. During the trip on Tuesday last she steamed at the rate of from four to five miles per hour against the tide. This, when the small power (10-horse) of the engine is taken into consideration, is a very fair speed. She has been fitted with a steam- winch to load and discharge cargo. She is the property of Messrs. Low and Gregor, and will be employed by them as a timber drohger. She left Brisbano on her first trip to Mooloolah at 10 p.m on Tuesday, the 30th of June, and arrived there on the following day at noon. When leaving on her return to Brisbane, she crossed Mooloolah bar at 2 p.m. on Wednes- day, the 8th July, and came too at the river bar, at 10 p.m. on the same day. She arrived along- side Mr. Pettigrew's wharf at 4 p.m., on the next day, thus making the trip within, the eighth day. While at .Mooloolah, she was laid up for three days, during which period she was thoroughly caulked and tarred externally. Her consumption of fuel is very small, she having only burnt two and a half tons of coal dining the trip, although she steamed all the way both from and to Bris- bane, and got up steam twice while at Mooloolah. From this fact it is evident that she will prove very economical in working under steam. The Gnering brought as cargo 30,000 feet of cedar, be- sides which she had four passengers. The stern paddle steamer Settler made a trial trip on 23rd June, and steamed down the river as far as Breakfast Creek, and then turned her head up the river, and proceeded till abreast of Towns' wharf; after which she returned to her moorings at Newton's wharf. On the whole the trip may be considered very satisfactory, though we are in- formed she did not attain her highest speed, the engines not averaging more than fifteen strokes per minute throughout. Her speed at that rate was variously estimated at from 10 to 12 knots an hour, but as no " measured mile" has yet been laid down on the river, it is difficult to form a true estimate of her capabilities in this direction. During the trip the engines did not work above sixty pounds pressure on the inch, though her boiler is calculated to withstand a much greater pressure. She steers remarkably well. A number of gentlemen inte- rested in the river navigation and in the engi- neering profession accompanied Captain Jackson on his trip, and were hospitably entertained on board by him. Just after the vessel came along- side the wharf, Mr. Palmer, of Towns' Wharf, proposed the toast of " Success to Captain Jack- son's Enterprise," saying that as he himself was largely interested in steam navigation, he could not but wish all success to Captain Jackson in his attempt to introduce a new style of steam river navigation. In reply, Captain Jackson said it gave him great pleasure to meet with such cor- diality in a place where he was a stranger, and he heartily thanked them for their kindness. Thus terminated the Settler's first trip under steam on the Brisbane. The now river pilot boat for the Fitzroy left, Brisbane for the scene of her future employment on the 30th June, in charge or Mr. Henry—late a boatswain on board the Clarence. This little vessel is about 35 feet long and about 7 feet beam, with a draught of 3 feet 6 inches of water. She has ample accommodation on board for six men. She is rigged as a fore and aft schooner, with square- headed gaff-topsails, and when sailing on Monday, the 29th June, her performances were considered very satisfactory by Lieutenant Heath, the harbor master. From her small size she can easily be rowed at the rate of three miles an hour, by three men with sweeps. The whole of the rigging was made under Lieutenant Heath's supervision, and the sails were made by the crew of his own boat. The blocks and all the ironwork used in her fittings were made by tradesmen in Brisbane. She is named the Era. The schooner Prince of Denmark was wrecked on the Bampton Reefs, during a very heave gale on the 19th March last,—the same gale it will be remembered in which the Everton was stranded. The wreck was caused by the chains parting, when the schooner ran ashore on one of the islands of the Chesterfield group, at which place Captain Bennett had a whaling station. While on this island he constructed a large boat out of portions of the wreck and some cedar boat plank, which was among his stores on the island. This craft he rigged as a schooner, and named the Hamlet's Ghost, and in it he embarked, with ten men, for Sydney; but encountering foul winds off Smoky Cape, he put back to Brisbane, where he arrived on the 29th June. The subjoined is taken from the "Bombay Gazette" of the 28th April last; and is a report of the proceedings at the Fort Police Court, Bombay, on Monday, the 27th of that month. From the penalties inflicted it would appear that the magis- trates at Bombay do not consider desertion as a trivial offence :—"John Power and Isaac Williams seamen of the British ship Prince Consort, were brought up, charged with desertion. The pri- soners, it appeared, from the evidence of James Aitcheson, were articled seamen of the said ship. Between the night of the 17th and 18th of Novem- ber, 1862, the ship being in Moreton Bay, the prisoners deserted. The prosecutor found his boat missing, and he had to pay £5 to a fisherman to get it back. On Friday last the prosecutor found the prisoners on board the ship Conway in Bombay Harbour. The magistrate ordered the prisoners to be sentenced for twelve weeks each in the house of correction with hard labour, and to for- feit all clothes left on board, and all wages due up to the time of desertion, and to pay the expenses incurred by thc master of the Prince Consort out of the wages earned (if any) on board the Con- way." 