THE EVERSLEY GHOST, AND HOW IT APPEARED ON CHRISTMAS NIOHT. A CHRISTMAS SKETCH. IY T 1Vr SAUTHOR OFr " LHIOCrION .5aron.' [Conoluded from Thursday.] Before coming down'to dinner to-day, Lord Stoughton, finding his fosoes all exhausted, pocketed some wax matches with his cigar case, and now he finds those useful. He takes them out, strikes one, and by its,light looks about him. Ile. is in a dark oak-pannolled passage, with small pieces of armour hanging all down the walls. At the further end is a door, which he walks towards and opens, and finds himself in a sort of small hall. At right-angles .with the passage which he has come down is another,, evidently' leadingito the inhabited portion of the house. On the opposite side of the hall is another door, which upon opening, Stoughton finds to be the entrance to a staircase, "a really ghostly concern," as he says to himself. It is spiral, and high up in the walls are small windows, through which the frosty moonlight streams, rendering Stoughton's wax niatcho compara tively useless, whereupon he blows it out. "Egad, this is a curious place," he says to himself, " but without a light I don't see what use there is in going any farther. I think I'll go hack." He is, accordingly, just going to return, when down the passage loading from the inhabited portion of the house comes, what for a moment makes even his heart, unbeliever 'as he is, stand still. A tall slight figure of beautiful mould, dressed all in white, comes rapidly along towards the staircase. Stough. ton's momentary panic is over, and he slips behind the door, determined to see it out. As the figure passes him he endeavoms:to see her face, but cannot, as it is entirely in the shade; but the moonlight falls upon her dress, and he thinks that is familiar to him, although by whom it has been worn he cannot remem. ber. The mysterious female goes quickly up the staircase, and through a door at the top, which she closes after her. Stoughton, his heart still beating queerly, creeps up the stair case after her, and peors through a' chink in .the door. The White Lady has stopped to light a candle and then passes on along a landind. A door closes with a little sharp slam at the 'other end, and Stoughton ventures through the staircase door. He finds' himself in an old broad passage with alternate doors and win. dows all down it: these are latticed windows, and one or. two are swinging uneasily to and fro on their hiniges, their bolts having given way. ' At the cxttimo and is a door which Stoughtoen knows leads`'t lto turret; t suite, and'he feels that he is regularly within' the dominions of the Eversley Ghost.. "Bah," i he utters as he leans against one of the, win. I doyes and looks out-into the' frosty moonlight I scene, " bah, ghosts' don't light danidles to light 'them to turret chambers, '.that's giit6 evident. I'll unravel this Whito:Lady mysthr'y 1 before .to-night's. over, I'll'bet two to tobne.' I( should like to follow' her in,-lmutno;'.Iwilli give her a little start first by reeiving her as she comes out,'and'will then see wlhat.shbhs a got hidden there. Who the deuc i iishoe, I' wonder? I know I've seen :thdtJdres?:to-. .night;-can't be that pretty Fanny Bell, can it ?-bedad, I'm by no means ante: it.iesi't. By. Jove, I'll see how. ghosts ilike human embraces., I, can't hurt by: giving kiss' to any nontlhis season, and there's,no.fearof my; kissing a Gorgon. No. one 'but:a:.pretty woman could have that figure..: It's deioed cold waiting, though; I.wish sh she'd comie A' cigar would not do,:I suppose, it would alarm her ghostship. What the -- well I won't swear, but what; the: diokbns can any one want up hero at this time of night? ' Oh, at any rate I've found tho.Eversley Ghost;. bat. thien there's that story about Fred's -face at the window. . Bah; it's the invention of some stupid old fool of a rustic who's drank too much, of the 'Everaley beer.. By Jbve, its awfully cold ;'when is she coming, I wvonder ?" So" musing,. Lord' Stoughton findsi the: time pass very slawl?', ind hol'.itteinpt to wile ;it aiway -' ,with; .looking 'out ?of .'tli?? window. Then he begins to feel e"painfnlly' oold, and heois halffalling'iito an 'nncodmtort. able 'sleep,. as he hears:a 'distant: doorl creak: "Comingnat'last," heo mutters;, iasuting to wards; the door 'at :.thoe end of the passage,' " Now,shall the ghost 6of Eversloy, receive a swoot reception." A step comes downi the passage the other sido'of ho door;.Ttieh oupg, -puor -peeps. through. theitckyhole. He :sees a white figure coming down: towards the door without a candle. "So'much the, better-' he thinks, "now for it.". The handle is grasped, turned, the door opens quickly, and the white figure glides rapidly into-the arms of- Lord Stoughtooi. " SiveetNoroh Eversely,; permit me to embrace you," he says, as he kisses her on both cheeks.. ' " Oh heaven who are you" comres, in a sort of half shriek from the White Lady, then a long convulsive sob, and then she is quite still in' Stoughton's arms, but he., is in an awful' state of mind. He has recognised the voice of the ghost, and lie holds 'in 'his arms the, soiseless form of Lisna.EuerIsly. . "I ' have kilipd hcr"''le exclaims in ant agonised tone. 'What :I: confounded idiot I have been. How shall I revive her ? but'she is coming to o heoiself,""and as lie f:ols hor move he covers her face .with kisses, calling on her not to be alareed, that is but Charsie, old Charlie Stoughton, her old playmat.:; and then wheon sholinds she is safe, she burest into tears and chdeivdurs to withdraw from his embrace, bht he drajs her closer to hii;:, and calls her by the most endearing of names. Very improper isn't it? but then you must know that he loves her, and her tears have drawn forth 'the strong pure love of a manly heertas the dew draws forth the perfume of some ex quisite flower. And then again she is too weak to stand by herself, and she is aware that a ' wilfu' muan maun hao his way," and so re mains at rest upon that strong loving breast; besides she is not sure that it is wrong, for he is talkinga great deal ofnonsenee about always seeking and finding security in those arms throughout her whole life; that no one .elso should ever love her or have anything to do with her, and that she should be all his and his alone: and by the time he had done this rigmarole, she has found voice to say'" Oh Charlie,' which however unsatisfactory to ' us, the said Charlio thinks the perfection of eloquence, and instantly bends down and-but what rightlhave we to look on at this scene? so let us turn to the window until it is over. It is a queer place to settle an engagement in, but there's no doubt when we look round again that it.is settled, and Charlio is only just beginning to' remember what bronught him here. "But what on earth has induced you' Sgo your rounds to-light, otl, Ghost/of Ev?islhy," hlesays to her, as they lean against the open door." "Oh, don't ask me dear Charlie," she says entreatingly ;" I dare not tell you." "Why I thought you were so dreadfully timid of ghostri," 'remarks Stonuhton, "and hero you are wandering, about a haunted house by mobnlight, without a reason you can give." Line is silent, and Charlie goes on " Come my pot, I mustlmow what you have hidden up hero." . . a " No Charlie, I cannot tell yod," she answers firmly;" but he says coolly': " Then I must find out for myself." "Then yoh are more ungenerous than I thought you could be," she answers quickly, but hie laughs softly,. and touches her cheek with his lips " Gently, weo.one., Why naotconfidoin me ? I will give you the whole of my ability in helping you-dearest, your.secrets are mine now. Why not confide in me ?" The moonlight streams on her face as she looks up trustingly, and says, "! Charlie dear; I will;" and then,:lowering her voice; she says pointing towards the Turret Chamber," Fred's in there." - S"In there," says Stoughton. "Good heavens, what do you mean??'. "Hush, and I will toll: you, all. about it. About three days ago I was in the house spinning, and I heard my neine called, and I knoew directly from the voice, that it was Fred. I made my way towards the spot whence the voice proceeded, and there, hidden in the brashwood,'Tfound thodear old boy. He had been for some time at sea in a: merchanntman, had earned a little money, and had come on unable to resist a sight of the old home. When he saw me he called me, knowing that I' should 'do all in my power to help him. I asked him to come home, but he would not untiltithopardon'.of-Papa was guasrenteed-unto him.: This I knew would take time, and so I induced him to come and hide in the Turret, knowing that he was safe therem-the passage from theo.left-swing to the.right is through my room, and so I have an entire command over. ,,! the access that way, and he .hoped- that- the fear of the Evereloy Ghost would ?oe suflicient to keep' the passage which: leads from the Great Hull free from intruderi.' I brought h'im 'some of his own clothes from-his old iroom, and plenty of rugs and blankets to keep him warm, and managed to'smugglo some food to him at night. It seems that I have once or twice been seen, and hence the report that the Eversley Ghost has Ibeenabroad., I came here once before to.night to' givd him' some' food, and I came just now to warn him to keep away from the window, as he had twice been seen." " But, Line dear," says Charlie, "what is the use of all this caution ?" " Don't you see, dear, that if papa suddenly discoveted Fred was back he might drive him from the house, and Fred says that he would never return if once driven out' again." "Can I see him, dear?" Stoughton says, eagerly remembering the conversation between Mr. and Mrs. Evershey which he heard while dressing.: "I'think. that' I can restore him td his mother to-night " - i" Oh ! yes," Lina says, catching at his mean. ng. 't Come with- me. If' you only gain papa's pardoiiI' Will love you all the days of my life." - ' " "That's the leastI oexpectof you, my darling, whether I do or not," says Stoughton merrily, as they go through the passaoge which leads to the tuiret suite. Through these rooms they go till they arrive at a small door at the end. ," Wait here," Lina says, ' and I'will go and lot-him know you are hero." ' Sh passes.in, and in a momentreissues and' beckons Charlie in. He enters and finds, by the olight of a dark lantern, asmall luxuriously. furnished room, in the contro' of which is sttnding a tall, good.looking young ma;, vory mnih'hbroneed and burnt, but with a plessant bright" express'on. Heo has the same do. termined look about the lower part of his face' which is possessed by the Squire. Ho'eomes forward and seizes Charlie's hand as he says "I little thought, Charlie, the last time we parted thatthe next time I should see you I should be hiding and cowering like a thief in the night in my'own 'father's house." "Nonsensoi Fred," Stoughton says cheerily; " you are not cowering here. You have only to go down stairs, I pledge you my word, to be ro. ceived as the prodigal son." Frod's:eyes brighten up. "Oh! how do you know that' he will forgive meo ?" "I heard himn say to-ia," says Stoughton, "that he would again hear that---. Hluish,"' says Fred, nervously, 'don't mention that. I smu eadly. I willg' atonce wvitli y 'ou." aon The Squire and Mrs. Evoisley aire still sit ':ting by the library fiir talking of Fredwhen LonrdStoughton enters"the roomt" 'I heard a conveorstioiP:todayy Sir,". he begins, " be. twoon you and'Mrs. Everaloy about your son. Would you bleisa me or curse me were I to restore him to you P" "Bless you with my latest breath," says the Squire starting up, while Mrs. Everasly clings nervously to his arm-" You know where he is, Charles ? Oh, bring him to me I" Fred is outside, he hears his father's words, and in another moment is .in his mother's arms. We will not gaze upon the first extacies of such emotion, so we will hasten away to the ball-room. The dancing is going on with un. slackened energy and the kissing is il an equal state of vigor-the ball is nearly over, but no one appears tired. See, the door opens and there is a general silence and pause. The Squire, Mrs. Everaloy, Lord Stoughton, Miss Everaley, and a tall young man with them, enter the ball-room. Every eye is turned on the young man walking between Mir. and Mrs. Everaley-all recognise him but all are afraid to speak, till theo Squire ad. vances to the middle of the room and says in a:broken voice-" My friends, God has Ilmen very ginaiohs to me this blessed Christoas. My son that was lost is found I" Then comes such a cheer as never had been heard before in that old Hall, and every one rushes forwvard to seize Fred's hand. He is quite overcome, and it is a fine sight to see the repentant son leaning on his reconciled father's breast weeping like a child; the old Squire all the time crying himself, and calling on his son not to be unmanned. Then the Squire's emotion takes a jovial turn, and no declares that they shall all join in the "Sir - Roger Do Coverley," which concludes the ball; and so every one, including Fred, gets for himself a partner, and such a " Sir Roger DoCoverloy" has never been danced before in Everaley. And now it is over; and with three cheers more for the Squire and Master Fred, the humble gluests depart in the highest state of extaey; for Fred's return has been the crowf-. ing point of their enjoyment. Lord Stoughton leads Lina up to the Squire and Mirs. Everaley as they stand in the centre of the Hall with Fred. "If you have found a son, Sir," he says, " I fear you have lost a daughter; for the Elveraley Ghost here has consented to haunt Stoughton Grange for the " future." " The Squire has expected this. " Say rather, not that I have lost a daughter but that I have found two sons;" he says with tears in his eyes. " God bless you my children," says Mrs. Everasly, kissing them both. Hark I There is two o'clock striking. In the words of the immortal Judy Callaghan, "It's a cold frosty night at two o'clock in the morning." Our merry Christmas has come and gone; and all I have now to do is to wish my readers a very Happy New Year ! 