MR. LOWE'S LAST. (From the Spectator ) Titr. Vice-President of the Committee of Council on Education has shown himself a man of action. He is clearly not inclined to let the grass grow under his feet j rd Vins? full of energy, and very little pos- sets ed b; ......i. Oo can \ ena at ion for existing institutions, human or divine, he is able to work wonders. Wo we quite aware that "Popular Education is generally voted a bore; and amateurs may well be excused for their unwillingness to wade through a vast heap of minutes and correspondence, in order to ascertain the merits of the pupil- 'teacher system, or the peculiar vices of the capitation grant. But if any young and ambitious politician is a curious to see how much absolute power may, under our jealous and well balanced constitution, he grasped by one vigorous and determined man, let him reflect on the late history of this educational question. Led by Sir John Pakington, the Conservatives, who were discontented with the inert nature of the old code, ap- pealed against this King Log to a Parliamentary com- mission and terrestrial Piovielcner, in the person of Mr. Lowe-, gave them King Stork, the new code, in its plate. Against the, new code a great general agitation was raised and the Conservatives although they had publicly promised not to make it a party question, drifted into a contest on the matter. All the country was roused; young members of Parliament feel) followed their leaders, and old members were crammed for the occasion by the clergy and principals of training schools. It was imp sible that Mr. Lowe should resist such a storm. Nor did he try. He knew better how to manage Englishmen as constitutionally represented in Parliament. He first appealed wMi a frank semblance of resignation to his opponents, and inquired, " If these regulations do not suit you, what is it you want?" The), however, wretchedly ill-it formed on the affair, and only half-hearted, quite declined to construct any ' system of their own ; while yes they were forced to confess that some reform was required, and that Mr. Lowe's destructive measures were not altogether unnecessary). Hereupon the Vice-President offered them a second or recrossed c ide, which, for very shame's sake, they could not cautiously condemn. It was apparently less stringent, but in reality much more elastic than the first edition. The objectionable clauses were toned down, infants escaped individual examination, and particular mention was made of cross questioning in sacred history. The ghost of the great educational opposition was laid. Mr. Lowe's antagonists had exhausted themselves in their great effort. Politeness and public business alike forbade a continued dissent from his propositions, and a code was enacted which, while it actually abolishes the old high standards and payment for means, sacrifices the simplicity of its original design to popular clamour. Thus, by bend- ing to the storm, the Vice-President allowed it to pass over him, and has ever since been able to continue his operations in the most perfect quiet and security. Since that period of danger and difficulty his course has been one of smooth and uninterrupted success, and piece by pieces the old minutes have been abolished, like the W.ell of Athens, to the sound of harmoniums instruments. The House of Commons fondly imagined that it had secured itself against any secret and material change in the administration of these grants by the last two articles (160-161) of the code, which declare that all alterations must be public by printed, and that no action must be taken on such changes until they have been submitted to Parliament and laid on the table of both Houses for at least one calendar month. But an active official is no more to be checked in a course of reconstruction by such constitutional ch sp, than a clergyman can be restrained from Theology by subscription to the Articles. Still doggedly choos- ing, as at last, the Parliamentary recess as the time of his operations, Mr. Lowe in the autumn brought out the new regulation for drawing grants regulation which pampers the scier ce and art debris at South Kensington. gives lavishly from the public purse ii r children drawing in town schools, and virtually excludes the poorest populations from all benefits to be de rived from such teacher g. The substance and effect of these minutes were fully explained in our number of January 17th. The Vice President leathers force as he goes on, and now, on the 21st of March, culminates a new boat against t i nig 'schools Like stir- in the tin li" takes him on enact me by one He had lulled the ss industry us the spin ed speculations! f Deans Arch deacon, not come tr) gentlemen, met) comparative security, by detering alters mus of their re- publicans and so had Stilled to a great extent the oppos men which the), headed by the red chamber Mr Buirrby, were ready to make to the revised code But no -v their time li is conn. In r mu vice, dated March 21st, an entire reform is ord meeting tlotxistng system of grants to them, Bill a new plan for begin.; them to starve gr usually is a train g d Hie bran s h therto given for students Queen .. scholar , lecturers and assistants in ti^ming-.cho Is an entirely abolish d and a to all different bursting is niMitu ed in their place Armed 1 the obscurity ct official language it is no easy matter for Bru items to the over what the new requests us actually field It may, therefore be well to state them 1 n ill 1 The Loth wife of Council give notice that in January, 1864, they will ascertain what has been the average animal turn paid to each naming school during the years 1861 2 of 2 They will in 18th n Y to each school four fifths of this average annual sum and in 1865 three-lift I and so on in gradually a nation, until in 1863 they pat of this average some nothing that will the a original system of grants gradually die out, and he who had in the course of five years What then is to the its place 5 i I In January), ISOt, their Lordships will swear I am with regard to each mining school what number of teachers train el in it for two years have in 1863, completed the prescribed period of prob more (that n, have been two years in active duty as teachers of below Is), and become qualified to receive certificates from their 1 lordships, in schools under inspection On each of these teachers passed and approved in 1863 their Lordships will, in lbs grant to the training school £20 being males, and £11 being fe sales Here, again, the Vice President looks to results, and pays only for approved work 4 As the ' average grant ' diminishes-, so this grant for results will increase Thus, in 1864, JCD, or £14 a head will be granted on all the teachers approved in 1863 in 1895, on all approved during Third 4 and so on until, in 1863, these sums will be paid on the number of teachers approved during the five years 1863 7 In lSGStlu, average giants will have ceased altogether, and the of on approved tcneheiswill have come to this matter by After wilds, in 1869, and in each subsequent year, the earliest years of the hive will be replaced in the calculation by the year last ended 5 Lett the training schools, flush of hopeful students, and presuming on the Vice-President's liberality, should ruin the national exchequer, and again vex On saving soul of Mr Gladstone, certain lia its, are imposed on the possible harvest they might be p from the above regulations The annual grant to raise li ming school must not exceed 73 per cent of the expciulKurc of Uitt institution, nor must it exceed the sum of £50 per head (in female training school?, £30) f reach student in residen t> M through the year in which the grant is paid 6 No more Queen s scholarships will be given, but young persons may not be admitted to the train nig school without undergoing examination by the inspectors There are one or two more regulations of no real impo tance , the above being the man of the novelties proposed in the minutes of March 21st It is impossible to say in figures what will be the immediate effect on the training schools of this lia. portent minute The it troduction of the Revised Code, as well as the nature of these regulations, must make it one main what burn any one of there in motions will gun from Government in 1864, or the next year Tor, is shown above, it will depend not only on tie up her which they admit and train, but still) on the number which man g rs of f choo s require, that is, on the number of vacancies for mastership created!)) the de* her re. tiger ance of teachers i now in possession And further, another oh mint of uncertainty is introduced in the adulation that is one on whom a grant is payable nutt time passed through prob tion successfully But the truth i that be ruts the fresh elem fits of uncertainty introduced by this minute, train in g schools were already seriously affected by the regulations of the new code and natural causes, the number of candidates for an at sun to their wabarady dunn idling, and the difficulty of placing out passed students in situations was increas- ing, and it was being already felt that too many of these institutions have been formed P>r example, the two counties of Durham and York contain four , whereas two, one for men and the other for w men, would have been amply sufficient for the wants of the whole four north of counties T king will these five s into consideration, it ajpeuroTi- bible that of existing tram ng schools son c will expire at once, and others will pre ling a In gering existence, while very few will reach a condition of permanence and remain in its tons of the country Some, no doubt, will be cried nt or cc The last words, of the mine coa tra ning schools is on ii m , name)), " the gran s for students examined in December will be paid, although the colt gi is net re opened a the following year The US Vice-President does, then, c attempts e the earl) de mine of some of these sets of educational purl nine past-, and has kindly provided a sum to enable them to wind themselves up decently and celebrate their obsequies His. words a ore quoted have mist under all) the si end of novissima verb,' and such they will probably be four d by all those trum g schools which, founded in no real demand, but established by the wl him of clerical papers, have already pot deep into debt, and antic parted for years to come grants which were only vote d winnall), and are to be no longer given We wonder what will be done with these commodious buildings, no longer resounding with the voices of lecturer-", assistants and principal-", and the first efforts of young students on the harmonium Other training schools will drag out a pre canons ctiotince, feeding on the supply of pupil teachers already apprenticed, and filling up the vacancies in situations which yet remain, until the last helps being withdrawn, they, too, disappear and are forgotten A few, a select ie v, purified in the flame of tribulation, and having passed through suffi rings more easily imagined than describe d, will emerge in a condition of bumper tive it dirty, and, 1 having outlined the great persecution of 1883, may reach a blis ful pene 1 when lavish educational expenditure is (nee more in vogue, when I the globes eels ii ii and terrestrial are once more studied within their walls when the trade ions of 1846 are again revised, and the great Mr Lowe is remembered with shad doing pity as a nephew minded fanatic 