THEATRICAL J'EUl'ORMANCEà OF GHOSTS. IN the Monitor of (the Herald. Pinafore remarks of the ho v. G. H. Moreton, on the Ghost illusion, at present time are exhibited at the Prince of Whiles Up to Homo, which appeared in the Herald of Monday last, induces me to i for a few words in reply as I feel conscious that at no period of my lesseeship of the theatres in Sydney and Melbourne, have 1 wear out raged the public time of decorum), or purchase! por formances calculated to lower the Milgo in the examination of its patrons, the nv. gentleman takes as come on to an illusion in which. the patentee he thought proper to affix the title of " Ghost," and which is simply a refit el son of certain figures in a bags piece of plateglass in fact nothing more than Mr. Moreton vices every morning wbmheloohB into his own mirror, the only difference being that the glass is mining the quicksilver, and the n flame turn is produced by a powerful light thrown on to the figure in floored. If this calls for so severe a condemnation as that indulged in by the rev. gentleman, who ought (if sincerity by an ingredient in his opposition to extend his objections to the use of magic lanterns, the exhibition of dissolving views, diorama, and oron sculpture and paint- in-the stereosCOpe. in particular, should be denounced, , as through the latter medium ghosts have been presented to the eye, in every imaginable form calculated to excite ridicule. Judging from the tenor of his remarks, however, as long as the illusion was confined to the " legation to " ghost, namely, that which in intended to convey the idea that the shadow represents the form of some one who his " passed over to the in quality," the math r would not have been noticed ; but when it is used to personate living men, and in such a way as to excite laughter instead of four, to indicate how the senses may be deceived in a most ludicrous manner, his indignation is roused. I repeat that if the ghost is to be condemned in one case, it must be in all, and, therefore, (be rev. gentleman's crusade should not terminate with the illusion of the Prince of Wales. With regard to the representation of scenes which are considered blasphemous Mr. Moreton is perhaps not aware that a law exists prohibiting any such performances. We all remember how in childhood we were made familiar with ideal spirits, and how the subject was further illustrated by turnips being scooped out into which a bit of candle was stuck, that the light might shine through the holes that were intended to form eyes, nose, and mouth, so as to look like a human skull ; how that great English institution " Punch and Judy," was brought into the school playground, and not only a ghost, but the generally accepted form of Satan himself, made to perform antics which, according to Mr. Moreton's opinion, report sent " most solemn and momentous subjects." I can hardly doubt whether any " thoughtful" poison over associated the ghost in Punch and Judy with the eternity of joy or sorrow of which it will partake." The rev. gentleman is much grieved at the pugnacious phobia. Now there is really nothing very different thing in this-the same may be seen in any Christmas pantomime If instead of such scenes 1 had selected an episode from the (terrible war which is now devastating America if I had represented the outlines of contending armies slaughtering each other by thousands, I question very much whether Mr. Moreton would have noticed the matter. 'I might have shadowed blood is flowing like water, with heaps of mangled dailies, and dying features worked upon by the fiercest passion, and I feel convinced that not a so hint to would be via been uttered against such a use of the apparatus. I am quite ready to give Mr. Moreton credit for the best infectious, but instead of wasting his time in admonition on the shadows within the walls of the theatre, let him endeavour to crush the reality of vice outside, ninety- nine per cent, of which had no connection with a theatre. The rev. gentleman's objections to the theatre, as being a place well calculated to demoralise the minds of its frequenters " is, of course, founded on individual opinion. Theatres are frequented by those who are sup I used to embody the morality of a country-by royalty, by the judges, legislators, magistrates, clergymen, and the most respectable members of a community. The authors of "Rasselas" and "'the Sublime and Beautiful, no mean merit teachers- wore the personal friends an! admit crs of David Garrick the most virtuous Queen that ever sat on the English throne, and who now occupies it, has proved a good patron to the profession-the loftiest genius in the world writes for the stage; and men who have been regarded as the greatest benefactors to mankind are associated in some way or other with it. Are these all demoralized ? The profusion of an actor, like that of a literal teacher, is open to abuse. Some Christian priests have, at one time or other, been guilty of almost every offence in the category of crime. But is this a reflection on the Church? I should be sorry to think so. In conclusion, Sir, I may confidently appeal to the many thousands who have visited the Prince of Wales Opera House since the opening night, as to the manner in which it is conducted. I appeal to them, whether they sea or hear anything to offend the most scrupulous, either round the doors or inside the house; I have been highly complimented by those whose good opinions are no less valuable than Mr. Moreton's, on the success of my management in this respect, and for which I am involved in vexatious law suits. 1 now take leave of the controversy, as in the course of a few days I intend to show the public how the ghost ills sion is produced. I have the honour to be, Sir, yours, etc. W. S. LYSTER. 