CAMPBELL'S CHEEK TVESLEYAN" - CJ1UHCH. " ' ' ' ' ' On:Monday afternqon',' the foundation 'stone of the Wesloyau Kq>y GhapeljDampb'eH's'Creek, was. laid by E.'- S; Parker," Esq., of ITbunt "Frariklyn. The ceremony "attracted a large crowd of persous connected with tho: dehomina- lion as well as others, and wus. watched I with great interest. .Conspicuous ouitho ground were tho. bnunera belonging to the .Sunday. School, wliiflh, with tho many coloured dresses of ithe ladies present, gave tho scene <ii yeiy gay ap- penraiito, Tlie proceedings eonimenced by 'sjng- ing a hymn, after wliicli aii; appropriate' prayer was offered up by the IlovMr Gray. ; The Ixov J.'B. Smith reada.psalm, tho Hov J-. Hiu-court deposited a' document in tlio cavity of the, stone, containing the mimes of the Governor, the ' min isters/of tho circuit, those of tlio architects.' con- tratsfors," tho building cqminittoe, &c.;)'ulso apian of the 'circuit, a qojiy of the A/. A. AMI, &o.; Tho Ktono Iiiiving vccnV .lowered,' Ate A'arkei- pi-o- nbunccd itfivell and truly laid. in tlie hame'ot' Dip Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Ho then alluded to tho spirit bf .Snddticooiun, Infidelity, &c.;, pro- .vjiiling 111 some sootions : of the Christian churcli, nndi said such doctrinos would novor characterize ; tho ministration within thoso walls'.;'- The gi:ea,t -''e4TOQtI'%rafili&:6r01iHsfiaiiilgrt''' that' had 'been E reached in the early hges, of the Chureh wouljl 0 lienrd there. Thfey. wero engaging in ho ro- manlic, no, doubtful, work/, s for.. . they wero, well amretT iay- jiig ol' thgtfqimdjitioh stono.:. Within iliat edi- lico many slaves', of Bin, and Satan woulik.be, 're- i leased from: their chainsi-'many a guilty siiiuer \TOul3'lioar,/rfs?if-fi'diu''God,himsclf, a vbico -pro- . \- claiming pardon. — Not -yc fow. of tho chjldi-on as- < ..sbmbicu around him ho hoped' wouldJgrow lip tp- glorify Gbd!ih::IM£Ufofiiihtl lt'6'''oiijoy a life of .glpry horeaftor., They haXoiily .to/opgago, in. -th d'iobd'Sy'oilf -with' hted 'ad1' heart, '.'npd1 they iniglit bo sui-o a blessing would 'followrK It i was no p-vaggorution 'to /'iay; that :!miwy a," glorified spirit- Would hereafter blosa Gdd that'tfiathliapel ' had horn erected, Tho materials, the stfUQture 3 3Esrjr perscteShoe3. I «sf sir ia&fe; doadpf in tte g«gg- 3icc35fi«riLs Ta&.bsS&siheyhidrzet; 5 zwAdecgpeiXio pxsnXefe&mzazssi; Ite to'.SEve 2EE13I2I szzfls, tsA to increase to- i'temna-af G-pL Wteocrer the gress pnrrips iicc ste wane foiririhSr preuted, Vt es- iwiat -iFCiSe s2nsyr m:'.tfce swxess 01 = .A cteteter- WeaJejaiasa was a calbop | system, xsi ers teii ns peratezjtser Riterdi- rte of tree.: rergwj®- . 1 cjetter w-mfeitei an esrraffii and: efcqnen! oA- 'il tess a&zrisi; tepe ites_ God would tits- i -j-rJ tUcc -gii# TFESX ef tibfiST SSZ&0&\- _ \ Tr SeaSsr Scie<5 ihsu tame for- Ifieard. xzd deteteed eSategr «a ibefoandztton- ; fjrrJ saeteteg so eis One Me gd, as E ter arte BsfaBto, teid down a bunch of grapes, :: -eifoSi ilr PcAsr, Ft s happy inspiration, pat S TCP to 'Essafou ssd she erode was fold and retold I rill rr ted resisted 22s StL Erenicallv, the j teste -was bought ted psesenzed to a. htte sex I" T fc-jn- ja she eSgbms, there was a tea, which 5 TO pt-rrrkjr. cf fer a Teay large number of | " As she pri?5e ssassteg which followed, after 3 sszrer br&eZer-; J. Bartuxst, E- S. Farkev, il 'F-". was ctBsd to the cteir, aad expressed the 5 5m assure he fdt at, presiding on so interesting an itecc- He was gjad that ea that occasion his 1 dniaes wcari-i te light, as shey had _aa excellent 'i their xs&srA;, who would enierizm them for tetter site heosnM. He rqmeed that they had ( osnz seised a res bri!d fog, and he; finnlybe- i Esrei they would "ml live to derive benefit by it. | He vesM stepte say, before he sat down, "Go 3 ea aha prospsr. ... S MiHoSea. the seerefaay, rrad a lht of dona- ; adjexte paid towards the new chnrcb, in- | sstctzI 'Lssdscd sobsciiptioni of £20 i each, te touzUng in all to £215. A further sum 1 j 22 <" treasurer's tends raised the total to £259 I y4 e. The tea had vzodoce d £50, and the offer- 5 ca ste stone attei £10, making in all nearly 1 Tte Her. Mr Hareocrt also felt glad they had tte Vzugten choir present, as their was no ne- I eesslv for Kim Jo niake a speech. It was a rule | of the society that no ail conld te allowed from j ' J building fond, till two thirds of the entire ! cost should be raised by subscription. -The j original estimated cost of the bjiilding was £1,350 j of which the church had promised to raise £600, ! leaving a debt of £130, afier getting Ja grant of j £305. Permission had been given the Church to i build on these estimates. The lowest tender, i however, turned out to be £1,318, and the extras it was calculated, would increase the cost to £1,500. Having, however, some very earnest men on the committee it was thought the dith- cultv might be overcome. The ladies also -liad contemplated a bazaar, .which it was thought might produce a large portion of tho deficiency (£150). They would therefore no doubt be able to get £1000 with tte grant in aid, and that would leave a debt ofL-500. This sum they had reason to belieTe could be borrowed at a low rate of interest. He hoped in conclusion to have the pleasure of opening what would undoubtedly be the best building in the Circuit. After short addresses by the Bev, Mr Tonkin, the Her. J. B- Smith, and others, a Tote of thanks to the Chairman, the ladies, the choir, etc., the meeting separated, highly pleased with the evening's proceedings. During the evening, the Vaugban choir sang several of their choicest pieces, in a very spirited style. "The building was crowded to excess. Plans of the new building, exhibited on the occasion, show that the edifice will be or very handsome one. The front elevation is neat, but orna mental, and contains a large stained glass win dow, with three bays. The whole .of the, side windows are also of coloured glass. 'Tie 'inte rior is arranged in the 'most modern style, a dais beiug'substituted for a pulpit, and the roof is designed so as lo reflect the sound downwards. The dimensions are., 60. feet by -ID feet, -but here- after it- is intended tp construct- a vestry at the rear, that will lengthen the structure 16 feet. The architects are, Messrs Crouch afid Wilson, of Melbourne ; gnd the contractors, Messrs A'ottage and Howdcn. The buildmg is to be completed within four months. 