SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. JACK TARS, AHOY! HEAVE-TO, my hearties! I am going to spin a yarn as long as the skysail halliards, the afterpart of which you may stow away for a life line. Bear a hand, boys! back your main yard and open your ear-ports. Soho! steady a starboard; well there, well; belay weather main brace. Now stand by to coil away, my bonnes! After I have paid out a few fathoms of slack I shall pay out something specially spun for you, with a jolly-boat full of pigtail and brass tinder boxes. But hold on a small bit, and let me hoist my number and show my colours, lest you should suspect I am some hungry land- shark, wanting to swallow your "dunnage." Well, I claim to be a friend of sailors, and I will defy any one to disprove my title to that distinction. 'Tis true I am not a professional sailor (as the cockney fellow said, when he voyaged round the London Tower ditch in a baker's trough), still I know all the ropes on board a ship, from the spanker sheet to the flying-jib downhaul. I can hand, reef, and steer—or I could do so when I was young and able—I could also splice a rope, strop a block, or do an odd job with a palm and needle; though only in amateur's style. I have been shaved by Neptune's barber, with a razor like a saw, and shaving paste a la tar too; and have been bled and blistered by the same amphibious func- tionary, who, I am sorry, I cannot recommend, either as an easy shaver or a satisfactory surgeon. I have doubled Cape Horn in winter, though in doing so I was nearly doubled up myself with cold. I have scudded round Cape of Good Hope under bare poles, but have not the slightest wish to scud round it again in a similar way. I have made several long voyages, and scores of short voyages to sea, and I have had scores ot sailors in my service, at sea and on shore too; so I may without presumption say I know some- thing about sailors and their peculiarities. I have always felt a strong interest in their welfare; and it is that friendly feeling which prompts me now to take up my pen. I am as true a Briton as ever loved roast beef and baked potatoes, or lustily roared "Rule Britannia." The union jack is flying at my mizen peak, and that is a sign that I am not a pirate, or a privateer, which is about the same thing. Yes, I recollect, I felt a strong affection for seamen, long before I ever stepped on a deck, or knew the flavour of salt junk, or the colour of salt water. Many a time have I sat, when a boy, under a tree in Green- wich Park, and listened to a tough yarn from some old weather beaten tar, in a quaintly cut blue coat and cocked hat, a timber leg, and his face the colour of a cedar chest; and as he has stumped to and fro, with his telescope under his arm, as if he were pacing the deck of the forecastle; narrating the while, in his sea lingo, the exciting particulars of the action, in which he received that slash on the check, or that smash on the nose; where his starboard arm was disabled by a splinter, and his larboard leg carried away by a chain shot; I have felt, as he touchingly described his sufferings, my soft young heart move, and almost melt away, like a lump of pitch in a hot ladle. I can call to mind too, !he tender emotion which nearly suffocated me, when for the first time, I visited Greenwich College, and the Dreadnought Hospital-ship, and saw many of the poor old veterans on their "beam-ends," total wrecks; and many others "hove down in their bunks for repairs." I ever after- wards felt a virtuous disposition to thrash the vulgar street boys, who cruelly delighted to tease some of those poor old pensioners, as they hobbled through the streets, by shouting "there he goes, old timber toes." I recollect too, when I was a schoolboy, how l used to admire, and envy, the natty little midship- men, whom I occasionally saw on shore, dressed in their gold-laced caps, blue jackets with gold buttons, and white ducks. I used to think they were all em- bryo heroes, and that no profession was so full of adventure, romance, and eclat as theirs. I longed to be a middy, for I fancied they always wore "white ducks" and faces as bright as their buttons, and re- joiced in the favour of the pretty girls and fond old matrons all the world over. Of course, I had then never seen middies as I have since seen them in a gale of wind, huddled under the lea of the long boat like half-drowned chickens, or dancing beneath the break of the poop, on a cold stormy night, to keep their toes from freezing, dressed in rough monkey- jackets and worsted comforters, sou'wester hats, and tarpaulin trousers. There was very little romance about them or their rig, at such times. There was no more shine in their buttons then than in rusty rivets; and "white ducks" were as scarce on deck as white swans. I shall never forget when, on my first voyage, being stationed on the quarter-deck, opposite to a tall power- ful sailor, with a cutlass in my hand pointed to his breast; and I was peremptorily ordered "to shove it through him if he moved." Poor fellow! he did not move, fortunately for me; for had he done I am sure I should not have obeyed the captain's orders; and then I should probably have incurred the captain's wrath, which would, doubtless, have been attended with uncomfortable consequences to me. I dare say there was a necessity for prompt action of some kind at that time to quell the rising mutiny, though I dispute the necessity for the extreme harsh- ness that was used. And when I afterwards saw several of the sailors lashed up to the main rigging, and flogged with a thick rope, I seemed to feel every stroke on my heart. If the marks are worn out of those poor fellows backs—which doubtful, if they be alive—they are not worn out of my memory; although more than a score of years have passed since that time; and my opinion of the transaction is the same now as on the day when I was shudderingly compelled to witness it—viz., that it was a piece of refined cruelty, for which there was no warrant. Poor Jack tars! I have often since that time lain in my cot on a dark stormy night, and listened to your dismally-merry shouts and songs, which were half-drowned by the discordant howling of the wind through the ratlines. I have often, too, had troublesome fears, while you were aloft on the topsail-yards, lest the rigging should be chafed and rotten in any part, and, during an extraordinarily heavy lurch or a violent pitch, the masts should carry away with a horrible crash, and I should see you no more. Aye, and I have often, at such times, got up and gone on deck to lend you a hand, when the sails were wet and heavy, and the ropes run stiffly through the blocks; and you were glad of my little voluntary help. The officer of the middle watch, too, was often glad of my company when on his dreary duty. I can call to mind many dismal nights, far at sea, in latitude 61 degrees south, when running under a close- reefed main topsail, and the goosewing of the foresail, and the sea like a huge black cliff high above the taff- rail, threatening every minute to overwhelm us. And one night in particular, when the decks were white with snow, and the wind roared through the shrouds like thunder. Not a stitch of canvas could be spread on the groaning ship, which was rushing through the foaming waters like some mad monster of the deep, and the officer of the watch stood by the steersman, too anxiously engaged in conning the course, to be glad of my company or my conversation. Two men, as white as millers, were lashed to the helm, and skilfully they performed their arduous and responsible duty. "Steer steadily, my brave men," I shiveringly apostrophised, as I hurried below to my comfortable cabin; "but one false turn of the wheel, in this frightfully heavy sea, might broach us to, and send this stately ship and her gal- lant crew, with her ton of gold, and her forty sleeping passengers, to the rocky caves below;" and as I turned into my warm cot, how much I sympathised with those poor fellows on deck!—how much I felt indebted to sailors! Doubtless many of my readers have felt in a similar way. I have also seen a ship trembling like a terrified steed, as she rushed before the fury of a pampero, off the Brazilian coast; and while some of the sails, which had been blown from the gaskets, were flying in rib- bons, and making a noise like a hundred stock- whips; and while the strong masts bent before the blast, like bulrushes; I have seen a sailor, with an axe in his hand, lay out on the main yardarm, and cut away the chain topsailsheet, which had got foul, while other equally brave men, at the imminent risk of their lives and limbs, cut the flapping tails from the yards. Such feats of daring deserved something more than coarse fare and four or five pounds a month. I recollect, too, on one occasion, while going into a bar-harbour, in a steamer, in a hard gale, a heavy sea struck the vessel on her port quarter, and swept the deck. The vessel would surely have been dashed on to the rocks, about half a cable's length distant, had not the man at the wheel, though drenched and hurt by the wave, kept at his post, and by adroitly putting the helm hard a-port, brought the ship's head round, just in time to save her striking the stones. Brave fellow! I could have hugged him, as I put a trifle into his hand In token of my admiration of his seaman- ship. And I have been on board a steamer, off this coast, when I would have gladly given seven years' income to have been safe on shore. When the green seas were tumbling over the vessel, and carrying away chain boxes, and everything moveable, from the decks —when the blue lightning played dangerously about the masts and funnel, and the pealing thunder was heard in horrible concert with the roaring of the wind and waves—when the anxious captain and his officers were eagerly looking for Sydney lighthouse through the thick rain and black darkness—and when many of the sea-sick and terrified passengers below were fearing ihey would never see that welcome light again. How much I felt indebted to sailors then! By the way, I remember on one occasion, some years ago, while lying wind-bound in a northern port, hearing several wealthy colonists—at a dinner table— describe a fearful night they had passed in a favourite coasting steamer, during an easterly gale. They stated that the captain kept on the bridge during the whole of that protracted passage, exposed to the full force of the storm; and on the vessel getting into Sydney the next day, he had to be carried below, and put to bed, being completely exhausted. I heard those gentlemen confess that they owed their lives, on that awful night, to the unremitting watch- fulness and skilful seamanship of the captain, aided, of course, by his able officers and crew. But whether those wealthy colonists ever acknowledged their obli- gations in any more tangible shape, I am not aware. It they have forgotten to do so hitherto, this little reminder should stimulate them to their duty, it would afford me great pleasure to know it.* As I write, I have harrowing reminiscences of my visit to the ill-fated Orpheus, about ten months ago; at the invitation of a beloved friend, a most promising young officer (and a true Christian too), who perished at his post, in the sad wreck on Manakau Bar, on the 7th February last. I inspected nearly every part of that noble steam- ship, which then lay at anchor in Farm Cove—and as I walked round her decks, I could not but be struck with the healthy and cheerful appearance of her gallant crew. A finer lot of young seamen, I never beheld. Poor fellows! it is sad—sad indeed! to reflect upon their untimely fate, so soon afterwards. That melancholy wreck, engaged my thoughts by day, and my dreams by night, for weeks after its occurrence. Often I have imagined I heard the heart-wrenching shouts, ot those one hundred and ninety noble fellows , ringing in my ears, as my fancy has pictured the terrible scene, at the moment when the lofty masts fell crushing over the side, and launched them head- long through the boiling surf, into the gaping jaws of death. While that proud ship, her strength so late the boast Of those, for whose untimely fate we wail; In grinding fragments strews the rocky coast, Few of her crew remain to tell the tale. Our tears have fall'n o'er that sad, sad event, For those whose hearts so desolate are made; But God hath only taken what He'd lent, It was His will, and it must be obeyed. * * * * * * * Yes, I sympathise with sailors most cordially. I love them as a class, more than I do any other class of men; and I feel glad to observe any public move- ment for their benefit, or private movement either. Those excellent institutions, the Bethel Church and the Seamen's Home, have my heartiest good wishes for their prosperity. Of course I do not mean to say that sailors are all "pretty boys," all honest hearted, and harmless, though rough and rollicksome. I have, I am sorry to say, met with some very disagreeable characters at sea as well as on shore. I have occasionally sailed with intolerable nuisances, yclept "sea lawyers," with tongues as long and as lively as seals' flippers, though not so harmless; I have also met with lazy, drunken, and dangerous fellows, and with inveterate grumblers—men who would do any- thing Old Mischief prompted to annoy their captain or officers; and I have also seen captains and officers who would do anything to annoy their crew. Still, such characters, though by no means rare, are not plentiful; and I have met with honest and true men in an overwhelming majority, and I believe that most unprejudiced travellers could make a similar report. Just an hour ago, my respected old friend John von Sindbad was seated opposite to me, and cheering me with his sprightly conversation, as he very often does. Though a septuagenarian, or nearly so, with his head as white as a boll of cotton, friend John Von can remember, as clearly as if it were but last Tues- day, when but a youth of fifteen, he jumped sword in hand on to the slaver's blood- besmeared deck, just after she had struck her colours to the British frigate of which he was then a middy; and his eyes dance again with honest emotion as he relates how his willing crew knocked the irons off the poor famishing prisoners confined in the slaver's hold. Though decidedly a man of peace now, and a faithful servant of the Prince of Peace, and though many years have elapsed since he was a man of war, I be- ieve that, if there were a sudden call for volunteers to repel an enemy's fleet just entering our harbour, good old John von Sindbad would be as springy as a young powder monkey in a minute; and would shout out amongst the foremost of the brave naval brigade in Sydney, "Holloa! to your guns, boys— death or victory!" Ay, and I doubt not there are scores, or even hundreds, of plucky old tars in the colony—though they have long lain up in ordinary— who would heartily join in the war cry, and in the * These lines of a long since departed poet were, it is said, on one occasion, quoted by Admiral Lord Nelson, and are, alas, I fear too true:-- "God and our sailor we alike adore In times of fear and danger—not before. The danger o'er, both are alike requited— God is forgotten, and the sailor slighted. action too—would fight like their valiant forefathers, who made Britannia queen of the seas. "Tricks of trade" are an abhorrence to every honest hearted man; but incomparably so, in my opinion, are those diabolical manœuvres which are sometimes practised in various parts of the world, even in these days of advanced civilization, and which deserve the gallows as much as bushranging, every bit. Nay, if there were any excuse at all for the gallows, it would be that it is needed to punish such unmitigated ras- cality. I allude to the trick of patching up old worm- eaten vessels with putty, tenpenny nails, and other trumpery, and making them look as fine as ginger- bread fiddles, with paint and pitch, whitewash and yellow varnish; then sending them to sea, with rigging as rotten as their timbers, with ground tackle and boats to match, and with half-rotten stores too. Ugh! coffins and body snatchers! my patience is gone. I cannot express my horror of such positive bar- barity in anything like rational terms. I feel ready to roar like a hurricane, though I do not approve of "blowing up" as a rule. If I only had the supervision of those tinkers for a short time I think the exercise would do me an amaz- ing deal of good. Would'nt I make my boomerang whiz about the heads of the man-slaughtering, money- grubbing, bone-grinding rascals, if they were within my fling. I'd make them fancy the weed-wrapped ghosts of all their poor drowned sailors were shriek- ing in their ears, the victims' chorus. And if that did not effectually scare them from their homicidal trickery, I would muster a volun- teer corps of sailors' wives and widows, armed with old marlinspikes, belaying pins, grindstone- handles, and galley pokers, and hunt all their enemies on board one of their own old leaky ships, then tow them to sea a little way, and make them pump "long spells" for their lives; in the meantime feed them on their own damaged stores, and make them sleep in the damp dirty forecastle, till they looked as blue as mouldy biscuits, and as lean as lamplighters ladders. And we would not tow them into port again till they heartily repented of their wicked cupidity, and promised to build sailors' almshouses ana orphan schools out of their ungodly gains; and promised also, never again to send a ship to sea that they would not be willing to make a passage in them- selves. I beg pardon for this rather intemperate digression; but when I think of the heathenish doings of those wholesale undertakers, those merciless widow- makers, I feel as savage as an old bulldog with a tick in his tail. But I fancy I hear some impatient son of Neptune exclaim, as he hitches up his nether garments, and grins like a "leather-jacket"—"Odds! blow me through a bunghole, shipmate. This yarn of yours arn't no use to us for a 'stand-by;' it's too fine for a knife lanniard or a hammock lashing; it arn't strong enough to haul up a snapper or a flat-head, much less do us for a life line. Avast heaving, governor! belay that lady's bobbin, if you please, and pay out something handy for us, as you promised to do, when you first hailed us to heave-to. We don't want any more wordy sympathy, and that sort of music, because, though it sounds as sweetly as a jew's-harp, it isn't very satisfying—as the hungry sailor said when he swallowed a snowball. We are nice, handy men in a squall, as everybody knows who has been to sea; and most people will own that they would be very short of sugar and tea, and one or two other things, if it were not for sailors. Oh, yes, Sir; all the world knows our wonderful virtues and sometimes we are appreciated too—by timid passengers in very bad weather especially. "As for those savages who send rotten ships to sea, or ships with rotten stores on board; it's very kind of you to blow them up for us; but it's no good firing your popguns at them—you might as well try to smash a sea-horse's skull with a blunderbuss full of ripe geebungs. Let 'em alone, poor beggars! they'll catch it when they get to Davy Jones' locker; there's no doubt about that—that is to say, if they don't mend their manners before this life's cruise is over. "You please to bear a hand now, Mr. Boomerang, and spin something worth our while to coil away in our sea chests." "Ay, ay, my hearties!" I reply, "I will do so; so stand by for it now. Well boys! You know that old age often overtakes seamen as well as landsmen, and the former are peculiarly liable to many pains and infirmities besides those which are usually inseparable from old age. You active young A.B.'s (able seamen) can now skim up to the main- truck, and slide down again by the backstay, or lay on to the yard-arm in a gale, as nimbly as trained monkeys; and you can do a hard day's work and laugh all the while, for your sinews are as tough as a coir hawser, and your well-formed supple limbs as stiong as capstan bars. The winter winds may howl along our iron coast and lash the sea into lather, but they are as harmless to your hardy frames as zephyrs from a lady's fan. So long as you have a good ship and a good offing you care no more for the equinoctial gales than an albatross. But hold on a small bit, mates! I am sorry to prognosticate bad cheer, but I must be faithful, or I should not be your true friend; bye and bye, old Time will make most of you shiver in the wind, if your lives be spared. Old age comes prematurely to the sailor, and he is frequently attacked with an unwelcome train of disorders, especially in- duced by lives of hardship and exposure, and some- times of culpable neglect, and excesses of various kinds. Rheumatism, and other painful affections of that class, will probably coil round you, and disqualify you for able seamen's duty. At the call of the boat- swain—"all hands reef topsails," you could no more take your old place at the weather earing, than you could dance a hornpipe on your head. Perhaps all your bones will ache as if you had been under a coal shoot for twenty minutes, or been caught in a hurri- cane in the middle of a cocoa-nut plantation. As a sailor, you will not be worth your beef and biscuit; and if you are not fortunate enough to get a berth in the galley as cook or cook's mate, you will he roused ashore like an old rusty cable, that can't be depended upon or a sprung spar that can't be fished. Then if you have not got friends, who are able and willing to give you your daily rations, and a place to sling your hammock for the rest of your life, you must make the best of your way to the Benevolent Asylum; or else wander about the streets, without home or habitation, picking up a precarious meal where you can, and sleeping under gateways, or door- ways, or under the trees in the Domain, with the dark clouds for your blanket, varied only by a night's lodg- ing, now and then, in the watchhouse, by way of a luxury. Shipmates! this is no overdrawn picture from im- agination, I assure you; and if you doubt it, just pay a visit to the Benevolent Asylum any day in the week, or get up early on any Sunday morning in the year, and go to the Temperance Hall, to the breakfast for the destitute outcasts. You would see many poor old sailors, jury-rigged, stagger into those places, the latter place in particular, deplorable looking objects, without a shot in the locker, without a cover from the storm by night or by day; ill-clad, hungry, diseased, and friendless. Poor old tars, whose best years have been spent in hard service; but now, dis- abled and unfit for sea, they are cast ashore like drift wood, or sea-weed, to be tossed about on the rocky strand of poverty, by the surges of misfortune, till death terminates their earthly sufferings, and they are rattled away to a pauper's grave. I repeat it; this is no flight of fancy, but a sadly accurate, every- day picture from real life, of which any of my readers, be they seamen or landsmen, may satisfy themselves, without much trouble. "Messmates, help a brother sailor! All you able seamen can help some of these poor old disabled brother tars, if you have the will, and many of them would be very grateful if you would throw them a tow-line or a cork fender. But my present object is not so much to appeal to you on their behalf as it is to warn you to look out tor yourselves, and make a provision for your old age, when you will be unsea- worthy, and I am going to tell you a good plan of doing so. Now carefully log down what follows." I will assume that I am now addressing an active young man of twenty-one years of age. Well, brother, you may make a comfortable pro- vision for your wants in old age by means of a deferred annuity. I will simply explain to you what that means, By paying yearly, the sum of seven pounds two shillings and sixpence, which is about two shillings and ninepence a week, or about fourpence-halfpenny a day,—which you can surely spare—you may insure fifty pounds a year (with bonus additions), to be paid to you as long as you live, after you have arrived at fifty-five years of age; at which age, I dare say, you will begin to feel you have had enough of sea service. You can insure for a larger or smaller amount, than fifty pounds, at the same rate; and a man of any age may make a similar provision; only, of course, the older he is, the higher rate of premium he will have to pay. There are several insurance societies in Sydney, and I think their rates do not materially vary; though in the Mutual Provident Society, from whose tables I have given the foregoing illustration, insurers, or annuitants share in the profits of the busi ness. You would have no difficulty in making the above provision, if you were disposed to do so, either in Sydney or in other parts of the colony, or the adjacent colonies; for you will find offices in almost every principal town. There are many other advantages offered to the careful man, besides a deferred annuity by those excellent institutions, of which you could acquaint yourselves, by getting one of the Society's printed rules, or by applying for information to any of their numerous agents. I may, perhaps, try to ex- plain some of those benefits to you at some future time through these columns. The expense cannot be a real obstacle to you, for even at the present rather low rate of wages, I believe it would be possible for any steady seaman to save enough to pay an annuity premium, and put some- thing in the Savings' Bank too. I would strenuously urge seamen in particular, but landsmen also, to lose no time in making that easy provision for their life's winter. Shipmates! my yarn is very nearly spun out; but before I whip the end of it, I want to ask you to get the Sydney Mail of 11th instant, and read a sketch written by me about my poor friend Louis, the sailor, who was washed overboard on his voyage to New Zealand a few months ago, and let me urge you to do as I trust poor Louis did, viz., live in preparation for the awful call, which death will make upon you, at some time, and you know not the time. You are peculiarly exposed to danger, and like Louis, you may be washed overboard without warning. The late afflictive casualties on our coast are terrible admoni- tions to all those "who go down to the sea in ships." And now my hearties; fill your sails and go on your voyage; I hope you may have fair winds and fine weather. But hold—luff up a bit; listen atten- tively to these few words before we part company, get such a chart as I gave to poor Louis (if you have not got one) a Holy Bible—study it carefully, and fre- quently; steer by its directions; and then when the stormy seas of life are passed, you and I shall enter with flowing sheets and flying colours the placid haven of Rest above, and there let go our anchors for ever. Darlinghurst, 13th July. 