SOMETHING LIKE LECTURING Though the pleasing terrors of the optical ghost have not yet earned to attract a throng of curious spectators, Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic Institute, has devised a new source if excitement in j the shape of an it:tere.iini-: and m*trurtive lecture on one ofthe most awful t<>**i> ?of the <Jiy. *?* Burning to death eld savin!; from death" is tha alluring title of his diaeoar*e_, and ss every unhappy victim to the ignited crinoline has supp'*ed hr*n with a sort of ghastly advertisement, it is by no means wondei Toi that his rooms are crammed to repletion. People know that Mr. Pepper is much too wise in hia gene* ration to attempt to inetruet the t> only, to lecture drily on. tho chemical properties of combuslihles and iaoombasHb!**l, or to disconrse with unspiced erudi tion on the subject of asbestoe*. Iney ore well otvaro thai a grand "lensation seW d tone k;od or another is m preparation for them, and, indeed, il ta ons of Mr. Pepper's great qualities that he knows how to flavour his rations of science with -.-tie*, of the strongest relish. Unmixed is the Bali?fe.*ti..n with which theeoecUtors behold hum es he tests the < il.cia.-y of various antidotes tox- ombuatton, by Ijolding a *-ie--*-*>f ruuslin saturated with each.in ttie flame of a lam-.*. Phosphate of am monia, that produce* carbonitat ion without r-irabus tion, or, to use shorter words, .blackens withont a blaze, is regarded with greit respect. More lightly esteemed is borer, which allows the flame to give a sort of red-hot appearance to the muslin, and loads one to conjecture that- if it wi'l prevent people from being actually consumed, it will not insure them against the dianoe of being grilled. Contempt, shire J by the lecturer, is feU for alutp/ which seems to be endowed with the negative virtuea of a chip in the porridge; while tongstate of soda! and the "patent incombustible starch" com mand murmurs, of applause. Still tbe pleasure as yet felt is mainly of an anticipatory k*n(L The "patient incombustible starch" manu factured at Bushton-street, Hoxton, and sold at the Polytechnic, is obviously the article to which the whole lecture is intended to leal, but everybody i* convinced that its virtues will be shown in a more elr-firing tnam-mr than the preservation of a miserable piece of muslin. The conviction is justified by the event. With two grand ''effects" does the lecture conolune. Far the first Mr. pepper brings forward a lay-figure, attired like a lady largely be-crtnoltned, and stands it on a plate of iron. A light applied to the skirt of the dress soon causes the -figpre to ba lost in a pyramid of flame, and come of the more | susceptible of tho spectators shriek aloud at the frightful Representation of a too frequent reality. With the aid of blankets the flames are ettinguished, but the d:lapidated ap pearance of the figve is perhaps 'even more appalling than tbe brilliant destruction of its | garments. Now for tho second eff-ct* We have already seen the Cato of tbe damsel who wore crino- I-na, bat world not use "patent incombnstibte stan-h;" ws have now to behold the - reward of prudence, Hot a lay * figure- bat b rail lady, attired in a doly prepared garnient-, takes ber place ou the iron plate and confidently walks up'and down between to rows of flame. The fire lightly piers npon her sfcirt, and leaves her nnscathed, triple she br-avoiy tempts it to do its worst. Here is on excitement of the most legitimate kind—the appearance of peril combined with the reality of perfect safety; a?lon din with his neck warranted not to break, even io the I event of a felL Applause, of wlu'ch the young lady has a share, is trsn-aandotis* and-—" What need of further argument?" cays ProfeeaorPepper. He has given his nudttors capital'premtsos for a syllo?i?-a, and ifthey cannot draw the conclusion they must be dull indeed.— Times. 