j PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE fl IdMHSLATrVK CoCHCIt. WM Wednuiay, 8rd June. WM Tbe President took the chair at ten minutes psst - BB four o'clock p.m. BB Mr Mitchell laid upon the table a report from lite B Chief Medical Officer. 3 Mr Holl said that seeing that the Government bad B very wisely resolved to keep np the steam rloop B "Victoria on ber proper footing be would withdraw m the question respecting that vessel, of which be had §| given notice. M Mr Mitchell moved-"That'a message bç carried B to the Legislative Assembly, requesting them to ex- 3 punge new clause £ of the Electoral Act Amend- 1 ment Bili the same haring been agreed toby the M Council by mistake, on occasion of a re-committal of I thc bilL" Ü The motion was agreed tn. ¡¡J The House thea proceeded to the resumption of H the debate on the second reading of the Mel- ff bourne and Robson's Bay Railway Act Amendment 3 BUL The motion for the Becond reading was carried after a lengthy discussion, and the bill was com mitted. 3 The Melbourne and Geelong Corporation Acts Amendment Bill was then further considered ia committee when Mr Fitzgibbon, town derk of tbe Melbourne Corporation was beard at the bar ia B opposition to certain portions oT the measure. fl [Lett sitting ] ;| LEOISIJ.TIVK'A.SSEHBLT. jj Wednesday, 3rd June. % The Speaker took the chair at half-past four | o'clock p.m. h Mr Snodgrass asked the Honorable the Chief I Secretary whether the Government had had under I consideration the serious losses inflicted upon nam- .... I bera of .the working class of this eglojua J»-?t^**" I failure"ojLthj_Pj»»afW lBUWJiT;~Wîth the view ot j -uuiuiug sume guarantee for the future as to tbe 8¡í liability of such institutions. \i Mr O'shanassy replied that the Government^ | bad the subject under its consideration, but-"*1 would be impossible to carry through n-"0881011- '& measure on the subject during the p>-',nment « '¿ He considered, however, that thfv« *ne House, Frauds Bill, which had alreadyases of the kind _ would in some measure moon, member was pro- - alluded to. The object of¿fie Government of aa bably the appointing Jtnassy) did not think- that auditor, but he (Mr followed by much benefit to . ; sucha course wo»** - tnepublic -ve notice of an amendment which ; MrHeale^Q m0ve in committee on the Beal SÈ JS-'f'Amendment BUL I fíStain M'Mahon gave notice thaf on the fol- 5 «wine day he would move that the names of Mr toward, Mr Cohen, and Mr Francis be added to tbe ¿ed committee on the Victorian Railway*. Mr Pope gave notice that on Thursday he would ¿c the hon. the Commissioner of Railways and loads through Captain M'Mahon if it were true bat goods forwarded by railway to Sandhurst and Jsatlemaine were delivered to consignees without ihargefor such delivery, and if so why consignees at gauarat were charged for delivery of goods tor warded to them? . Mr Macgregor naked the honorable tbe Treasurer whether the Government intended to apportion, to the several Presbyterian denominations their re spective shares of ihe grant-in-aid to Religion for 1863, in accordance with the schema adopted as to those denominations in respect of the grant for last year: and if so, whether the Government had ob tained the Crown law officers', or other professional opinion, asserting the legality ot such apportion ment. _ ._ ?für Haines, in reply, stated that it was the inten tion of the Government to apportion the grant ia such manner, and that the opinion of the Crown law officers was favorable to tliat apportionment. Mr Macgregor called the attention of the honorable - the Treasurer to a recommendation contained in the report of the Commission on municipal and Charita ble Institutions, namely, that until a general system for the support of charities, embracing Melbourne and Geelong, shall have been adopted, the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society and the Geelong Female Benevolent Association should receive some asaist ance from the State; and asked whether the Govenr ment intended tagive effect to such recammendfjWW by placing a snm of money for that purpose ur»» additional estimate for 1863; and if so, to wuat amount in each case. . . Mr Haines said that he considered the scaebes mentioned were of a loo*» character, but seeing Hat municipal bodice rae debarred from granting money in aid of such institutions, he would consent co place upon an additional estimate a snm of JÊ2S0 as a grant to the Melbourne society, and one of i 150 to tbe j Geelong society. . . Mr Daffy rose to state that at a later hour intbe eveninglhe^onMbcrirerjare^to l.g.wttftt. ^fi^eply to a question from Mr M'Cann Mr O'shanassy stated that he bad Communicates by telegraph with the Governments of South Aus tralia and New South Wales on the subject of the Intercolonial Tariff Conference. He received a reply from South Australia on the preceding evening, ta the effect thjit the Government of that colony in tended to take action on the tariff regulations. He expected to receive an answer from New South Wales in the course of the evening, and -if that answer was favorable to the disclosure of the reso lution arrived at by the Conference, he would be prepared to lay a statement of its proceedings be- \ tote the House at once. V Mr Wood then briefly mored the second reading \ of the Municipalities Act Amendment Bill. It in volved, the hon. member stated, no general prin ciple. During a short discussion which ensued, - Mr Sullivan said he was surprised at the state ïientof the hon. mover of the second reading, that no principle was involved in the bill, when pursuing an insidious course which the present Government had insinuated as to so many Bills lately brought forward by it. The Government bad introduced a clause giving a plurality of votes to certain owner» of property. He considered that the present Go-~ vemment was taking the power out of tile hands of the people, bit by bit, and that it would be better for the Government to say at once that it bad made a mistake in former legislation and openly legis late in favor of the possessors of property. (Hear, ' hear, from the Ministerial benches}. Mr Wood said that it was intended to withdraw the clauses ta which the hon member alluded. Mr Sullivan expressed bis satisfaction at hearing the Government admit that it had made a mU^y^ in the"matter, and 6aid be would offer no further opposition to the second reading of the bill. The bill was read a second time and committed. Several clauses were considered and agreed to. Clause 14, providing that upon receiving a petition to that effect from twenty ratepayers of any common "single borough" the Governor in Council might divide the borough into wards, was opposed by seve ral hon. members, on the ground that the number of petitioners was too smalL It was ultimately resolved to amend the clause by-the provision that such peti tion should require the signature of one-fourth of the total number of ratepayers. On clause 15, " Union of Boroughs," an amend ment vesting such union in the power of the majo rity of ratepayers instead of in the Councils, was carried against toe Government by a majority of St to 17. The House then adjourned for refreshments. The following from the Argos ÍB supplementary to our report published on Wednesday: In tiie Legislative Council on Tuesday - Mr Fawkner moved the adjournment of the de- >. bate on the Robson's Bay Railway Company's Act Amendment Bill, which was agree 1 to. Mr Mitchell moved the first reading of the bill to * abolish the' Chinese passenger tax, which, was agreed "~ to. The Uouncil thea adjourned. | lu the Legislative Assembly, on Tuetd ty, Mr Haines proposed a reduced vote ct £?416 for the Victoria, and stated the circumstances under which it was proposed to reduce the vessel to some thing like a lieutenant's command. Mr B. G. Davies asked why a house was allowed for Commander Norman? Mr Haines said that allowance had always bees ju ade. Mr MfJnlloch said it was understood some year» ago that these allowances ware to be done away with. Were these houses the property of the Go vernment? Mr Haines said be had seen no reason to de part in this matter from the course taken by his predecessors. Mr Woods said tbe Victoria would not stand die ghost of a shot. Her cost was £18,000 a year, which was money thrown away. The money would be better spent in building aa efficient vessel. Mr Orkney would preter to Bee thc Victoria sold. Mr Verdon remarked that not only the first, tat the second estimate had been reduced; and he ques tioned the expediency of reducing the vessel at aO. The House, however, was not in possession of tte information that should be before it. There was, for example, £60,000 on the Estimates for an iron plated Bteamer, and he had fully anticipated that the Treasurer wonld have gone into the whole ques tion at once. It was obvious that the vote for the Victoria would be affected by that for the other defences, and he recommended that the general question should be discussed. Mr Haines said he was receiving information by every mail as to the character and cost ot iron plated vessels. Two plans of defence were ander discussion. The one was known as Captain. Scratch'ey's modified plan, and the other the float ing defences recommended by a committee. He had tcken steps to place the best information before ll» House. The Victoria would be retained, if a plated - vessel were obtained, for the services which che would be capable of rendering in a-civil capacity. _ - He should prefer that, for the present year, das- ~ Victoria should be retained as shs was.' ~ . * Mr Verdon said the arguments of the Tresurer > snowed thai tb« Victoria should either be retained, - on her present footing or the vote postponed till the general question of defence was discussed. Mr Haines said he did not support the reduced vote. He submitted it merely in obedience to the House. He wished that the crew'should not be' scattered. Mr J. T. Smith did not think the vote for the Victoria should be mixed up with that for an iron plated vessel. The Victoria had been of great use, and he desired to see her retained in all her effi Ci Mr'ßrodribb held it to be undesirable to reduce the Victoria at present. It wes probable the whole of the naval and military forces in the colonies would be shortly removed to New Zealand. The Victoria would then be the only defence of the va luable properties lying afloat1 in the bay, and thc means of preserving order amongst the shipping. Ile would 6ubmit a morion in favor of the estimate of last year being voted. Mr Woods admitted the valuable services of the officers of the Victoria, and would be happy to vote a substantial token of his sense of those services. But the real question was, the value of the Victoria as a ship of war. Four plated gun-boats, each car rying a hundred-pound gun, could be built in the Colony, (the plates and armour to be brought from England) for £60,000. Some defence of the bay was absolutely necessary; but the longer the Vic toria was retained the less inclined they would be to build a better class of vessels. Mr Snodgrass defended the efficiency of the Vic toria. Mr Haines stated that the whole saving that would be effected by the acceptance of the reduced estimate would te £832. He felt bound to take the best pos sible opinion from experienced persons in England rather than that of any private member, however \-- . -'-*'nn he might have given to the sub Mr Francis said they were ligusiBtuig .- , ^ .>e Miuistry were asked for a reduced estimate, bot reducftimate was in itself open to question. The trimmêïtwas principally in the number of seamen, ship might be renewed to^ »g Government, and Captain Norman «rnght be ^ a magi¿ Mr O'shanassy could not rememr*, _ ««.50,, ¡" which this vote had not been opposed, b« the House had never had the resolution to face tht "nestiol] boldly. It was impracticable to find a good t^ket (or such a ship as a war ship, and very little wwj be got for her as a merchant sbip. It would b most unwise to part with her, especially as the shari defences had not been proceeded with. He believe* that if the account were cast up fairly, the Victorii would be found a saving to the country. He was ii favor of the estimate being restored to what ii stood at last year. He could not approve the sug gestion made by the hon. member for Richmond ai to the treatment of Captain Norman. He knew that H. M.S. Harrier would have been sent to Hob son's Bay; bnt, war having broken out in Nen Zealand, she would be sent there. The fact was ar argument in favor of an enlargement of the vote He did not think the Government would act wisely in sending home for a block ship, which was an in ferior means of defence. After some remarks by Mr Levey, Mr M*Culloch said the Government were not keeping faith with members behind them if they supported the amendment now. There was nc reason why the resolution adopted some time agc should bc departed from. The vote should be post poned until the general question of defence was dis cussed. Mr Levi supported the amendment. His express object in moving the re-committal of thc vote on a former occasion was that the sum should be in created. After some further discussion, the amendment was carried by twenty-three to sixteen. Mr Haines then submitted the vote for educational purposes; £25,000 had already been voted, leaving £75,000 cf the original estimate to be voted. He was inclined to think, however, that the amount should be increased. He thought the hon member for East Bourke Boronghs would take the opportu nity to move an increase of £25,000. Mr He ales proposed to raise the whole question at once-thc mode of expenditure as «ell as the amount. Thc amendment he intended to submit was to the effect that the system of payment by results should not be adopted; that £5000 Bhould be expended in the salaries of teachers of mnsic and drawing; that the "contingencies" should be increased; and that £110,700 ehould be expended in the payment of grants-in-aid according to classification, subject to the provisions of the 15th section of the Common were adopted, xne oqivio ut -»«jnw K^^-^IM. not the Common Schools Act, would be carried out. He had never contended that the operation of the Common Schools Bill would be economical in its first operation. Its object was to provide more education, of a better cías.», at a less cost than the previously existing system gave. He felt alarm at the action of the Board of Education, That board bad now sat for nine months, and had not yet published the rules they proposed to issee -unless their regulations were those that bad ob tained circulation, and were based on payment by results. The safety of the country demanded that thc class of education to be given to the children of the colony Bhould be high. That was the motive that had prompted Parliament to great liberality in, encouraging education, and it would not be satisfied' with a system which was content with teaching children to read and write and cypher after a ir.anner. On the 31st December lan there were 210,000 children in the colony under fifteen years of age. There were 70,000 of that number between three and seven years of age. These ages proved that thc payment by resu'.ts system would be most prejudicial to the teacher. For a school of thirty the ealary of tbs teacher would only amount to £90, while it might be materially affected for the worse j by the report of an inspector. H» admitted that payment by results would not operate so injuriously in large schools, of 200 or more pupils, but such schools were not likely to exist in any number in this colony for some years tocóme. The highest authorities were of opinion that the best results of the «ystem of education existing in England could dot be measured at all by results, and they were thus ignored by the Board of Education. Mr O'shanassy said it was almost useless to reply to the hon. member, see-iog that members bad not remained in the House to hear the argument. He had commented upon ruks which had not been issued by the board created under the hon. mem ber's own bill - a proceeding which could only take place in this colony. Ii the members of the toard were misrepresenting their constituents, why not cali upon them to resign. He could understand such a course, but the hon. member had not taken it. Ile proposed, instead, to make Parliament the admiuistratur of its own act. The last communica tion he lied received from the Board of Education was datr-d that morning, and it stated that the code of regulations would be ready at latest cn the 9th instant. The hon. member Bhould have waited for its production. His belief was that the Common Schools Bill would fail, because of the limitation as to the number of pupils and distance of schools from each other. Of the 603 existing schools, 172 were likely to lose assistance under the 20th clause of the act. A system of payment by results, he might say could not be carried out legally. The term was un known to the law. He had no intention of entering on the general question that evening. Mr Iliginbotlmm thought the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs was not open to the censures passed upon bim by the hon. member for Kilmore. Thc Board of Education would not bc justified in oonsi Juring the motion aa a harsh ur unjustifiable censure upon, or inference with, them. The Common Schools Act specially provided that the House should indicate bow the vote should be applied. If the rules about to bc adopted did not embrace payment hy results, the resolution would be a very luuinless one. Mr J. T. Smith thought the Treasurer should have postponed the vote till the regulations adopted by the Board were before the House. After some remarks from Mr Haines and Mr M'Cann, Mr Brodribb moved that progress be reported, which was agreed to. The House went into committee on the Licensed Publicans' Bill. On the 1st clause, Mr Orkney moved that the Chairman leave the chair. He desired to stop legislation on this im portant question at so late a period of the session. The amendment was negatived by twenty-four to thirteen. Mr J. T. Smith moved that progress be reported, which was agreed to by twenty to seventeen. Thc remaining business was postponed, and the House adjourned. HÁKIFT VEBSD8 O'FABRELL.-In the matter of the Queen 00 the prosecution of Hanify v O'FarreU, a very important point was decided, on Tuesday last, by His Honor the Chief Justice, in reference to the coats incurred by private prosecutors. The point arose on a summons to amend the record. Mr Smyth, who appeared for Mr Hanify, applied to have the record amended, by adding the finding on the second count of the indictment, so that the costs might be taxed. Mr M'Kean, who represented Mr O'FarreU, objected to the looa ttandiaí Mr Smyth, as the case had been virtually a Crown prosecution, Mr Hanify having omitted to get the leave of the Court to prosecute privately. Mr Smyth stated that Ur Hanify had received permission from the Attorney General to conduct tbe prosecution pri vately. His Honor said that the Court ought to have been applied to, and, neglecting so to do, prevented Mr Hanify from recovering the costs of the action. His Honor offered to refer the matter to the full Court expressing himself, however, satisfied that hi» ? visw of the case was' correct, Tbe omission is some what serious, inasmuch as the costs are about £434. -Herald, 3rd iva», 