.SYDNEY, TUESDAY, JAN. 27, 1863. THE amusements of the people constitute a problem in social science. Among large com-' munities, it is obviously a matter of importance I to provide for the hours of recreation. Dissipa- tion and vice are too opt to enter into pub1 io entertainments; and sceneB of. pleasure ton ofttn degenerate into scenes of profligacy. This is one of our social dangers, bat one that may easily be avoided. The question certainly does not assume the importance among us which' it does in such mammoth cities as London or Patts. But _ it is evident that our population is increasing rapidly, that it is eager in the hnnt for pleisure, and that nil classes join the chase with equal ardour. Perhaps there are few c'.ties which are so favourably situated, and offer such facilities for the healthy pleasures of its people, os Sydney. The harbour is a scene of endless and aim'st unrivalled beauty. Its winding tibores abound in the picturesque. To do justice to their beauties would tax the genius of tho moBt cultivated artist. The Botanical Gardens have long been the suVject of our praises, and they deserve it. Nature furnished a worthy ground- work for art, and her rugged charms have now been tempered into faultless beauty. It is im- possible to overrate the importance of this spot to our social welfare. It is no costly toy leading us into senseless extravagance to gratify a sense- less vanity. It is a source of pleasure open to all classes, conducing no less to physical than to mental health. It is dear to the hearts of our cilizens, for no one can be insensible toits charms. The addition to its attractions in the performances of the military band, until recently, was fully appréciât- d. No one could help'regretting the necessity which led to their withdrawal. The large attendance on the band day clearly showed how much the eloquence of music was appreciated. It is wise to gather the people together under such auspices ; it is wise to cultivate a feeling of social kindliness and harmony ; it ÍB wise to cultivate a love for music, and a love for naturel beauty. But our pleasures are over. The paradise of the Gardens on the band day is now a Paradise Lost to ns. For tbo beadle hath entered in, and bis flowing truncheon warns us from its gates, The sight of happy faces ; the short and simple pleas tm s of the poor, brought gall and wormwood to the heart of BUMBLE. True; he has not left us entirely to our misery ; he hos. been graciously pleased to permit our ot ondance within the Barraok-yard. The at- tractions which are wanting in the Barracks are amply atoned by tho attractions which, in his opinion, a*e not wanting in himself. We have asked for flowers, and he gives us bricks. Wo have asked for a greeu sward, and bo gives us a gravel walk ; we have asked for waving trees and rippling waters, and he gives us stone walls and barrack windows. Why did he not choose some airy summit on the Sand-hills? The view would be more ex« tensive, and. the site would be quite as pleasant. There is no one, of course, who eau presume to question the powers of a parochial authority. But the beadle himself has deigned to render a reason : and the reason he renders is sufficient to explain his conduct. Ho tells us that the physical powers of the bandsmen are unequal to a march of a mile and a half, and tho performance of three or four pieces of music. He feels bound to show some consideration for their poor feet, and he thinks they ought to ride in an omnibus instead of marching on foot. The tenderness of BUMBLE for his soldiers is marvellous. It is not long since he showed that his tenderness extended to their souls as well os to their poor feet. For he forbade the distribution of Wesleyan tracts among Wesleyan soldiers ; and he forbad the attendance of Wesleyan soldiers at Wesleyan chapels. We aro not wanting in a spirit of be- coming revorence for our parochial authority. We have . hitherto restrained our rebellions feelings, and have expressed our- selves in the mildest language. But BUMBLE has rocontly declared that ho considers us paltry fellows, and that the contempt he feelsfor us is profound. Anything we ctn say will only add to the profundity of his contempt. Tt was quite superfluous in BUMBLE to express bis con- tempt for public opinion. He had already given a praoiioal proof of it : for no ene would have ventured to act as he did, who WHS at all influenced by public c pinion. But BUMBLE has yet to learn that no one, whatever his position may be, can afford to treat public opinion with contompt. This is a lesson which he must assuredly learn by heart. Every ono has read the story of the morbid sau sagc-mnker, who in ono of his melancholy fits threw himself into his machinery, and rashly converted himself Into sausages. Tbe fate of tbe sausugo-maker typifies the fate of BUMBLE. He has wilfully thrown him?cH into the machi- nery of public opinion, and rushly converted himself into sausages. Nothing is left of bim but the mere buttons of his soniul reputation. BUMBLE'S demonstration at tho LAHDPnoBouart dinner was worthy of himself. We may con- fidently say that no society of English gentlemen ever witnessed so thoroughly vulgar an exhibition. No society of English gentle men was ever insulted by so marked a display of bad tasto and bad feeling. It shows us the immense importance which BUMBLE attaches to his sayings and doings. He obviously consi- dered that to propose tho tonst of the Army in bis presence, was only an insinuating method of proposing his own health. He obviously con- sidered that the real " hero of the evening" was not tho gentleman who bad explored a wilderness, but tho grand military beadlo of the colony. Such a ludicrously false estimation of htB own importance is quite in keoping with bis parochial character. But we can BBsurohim that tho publio are not in tho least degree in- terested in his opinions on any subjeot, and that lt mentions his name only when he thrusts himself into unenviable notice. Wo are as fully aware as he ÍB of the fact tba*, hois irresponsible. For no one but an irresponsible official would dare to play the part of a petty despot in this country. Wo confess that we consider this question of some importance. It is apparently a trifling maller, but it is in reality a serious matter. The publio has for years past beta accustomed to tho servioe» of tba millisry tami, Long established easton) is generally considered to confer a right. With' nut looking at the ma'ter in that light, we con» aider that the public should not* hive been deprived of BO cheap a pleasure without Buffi dent reason. The omnibus reason is a p-iltrj snhterfige. The colony pays upwards ot £15,000 a year for its garrison. Besides this, Colonel HAMILTON himself receives £1 a da; for performing the laborious duties of an Inspector of Volunteers. We tbink that the sum of ¿£15,000 might very - well oJver the additional expense of ten-atad-six "a week for an omnibus. Tf it would not, the Legis- lature would cheerfully have voted an ad* diiional ten-and six a week : or the public would cheerfully subscribe it at the garden gates. But there are other reasons besides money reasons involved in this matter. lt is generally considered that a garrison is under some Blight social obligations to the citizens. For the garrison has nothing to do beyond its daily round of dritl-andpipeclay dutieti; and it is on all sides received with the'warmest social welcome. In a city like this, all that soldiers have to do, is to "feed on the roses, and lie on the lilies of life." If the military band devotes two or thrèe hours a week to the service of thé publie; it makes a vet y slight return at a very slight sacrifice. The want of couitesy displnyed in this matter is striking. Colonel HAMILTON'S preîecesaors have not only allowed the band to ploy in publio once a week, but they bavé also granted it by '* kiod permission" jon' tither occasions. When it is considered^, that the greater number of .thoro' who atterd the Gardens on the hand c?ay are ladies, it is difficult to conceive an excuse for Colonel HAMILTONS conduct. It is arbitrary' and illiberal in the extreme, and ean meet with no defenders. HUMAN credulity is often ludicrous, {ar more frequently deplorable. Time was, and not very long ago, when it was a crime to deny the reall y of witches, ghosts, and goblins. Our ancestors believed in them most devoutly, and many a victim they sacrificed to their faith. Thousands upon thousand's, of each sex and of every age, were persecuted, hanged, and burned, to avenge or to extirpate that which was no hine but a falsehood. The faith, the iniquities and the atrocities which the faith engendered, are all gone. Bot the agents and the artifices by which men were trained to believe that the earth was peopled wilb evil spirits remain, quite ready to impoBe upon the ignorance and credulity of any who are worth cheating. The world has always oontained imposorp, simply because the world has always contained subjects fit to be imposed upon. It is most improbable that tho superstition called spiritualism will ever reaoh the terrible dignity once attained by witchcraft. If it could, tho one faith would be as disastrous and as detestable as the other. But tho men who now attempt to disseminate a faith in spiritualism have not the capacity, nor the powers necessary for influencing any but a sma'l minority. They are not likely to git into schools, colleges, or churches, where they might operate upon children, or childish persons, without contra- diction or opposition. Whatever is to be gained by the profession of spiritualism, the object cannot be such as to attract men of any but very mediocre abilities, and unambitious views. At present it is hard to say whether pretenders or their dupes are the most numerous. But a slight examination of the subjoot would convince most people that there are both,. There are some who believe because it is con- venient, or pleasant, or profitable to believe ; and there are some who believe because they really tbink there is some truth in -spiritualism, or terouao they cannot discredit the testimony of friends. With those who aro paid for be- lieving it is needless to argue. Those who want fees, thoBe who want to be exalted, feared, flattered, or otherwise gratified, may obtain what they want by pretending to hold inter- course with the spirit world, and so long as it serves their purpose, they will be steadfast be- lievers. Money and glory may alter their con- victions, but assuredly not fuels or logic. As to those who have any sincere faith in .the truth of spiritualism, it may> bo questioned whether they are able to distin- guish between the real and the mythological. Some men are so extremely credulous, or so partial to the mysterious and the impossible, that scarcely any imposture ia too gross for them. There are people who think and assert that they will never die, neither they nor any of their religious faith. Each sees friend or brother borne to the grave, time after time, and yet his faith remains unshaken. The departed brother was imperfect, and therefore he died. But he, tho survivor, has a firmer or better faith, and will live for ever. If sane men can be so credulous of that which is invisible to all the world but themselves, and so incredulous of that which is as plain to themselves as to all tho world beside, what ÍB the value of their testi- mony, or of any similar testimony unsupported by facts? For the truth of events which occur in timo or place too remote for verification, we must depend upon the evidence of other eyes than our own. But the truth or the falsehood ol spiritualism can be ascertained without trusting to those who may be unable or unwilling to report the truth. The thing can be tried by experiment, and the experiment is so easi ly performed and so decisive that there is no need lo trust any one. Any two or three or more persons may try it, and judge for themselves. They take their seats round a table in a dim, or darkly lighted room. Laying their hands upon the table, and joining finger to finger, so as to form what is called a circle, they sit silent and sofemn. After a few minutes the table ought to tip, or crack, or turn, or jump, or slide, as if some one were rapping upon it, or moving it. .The sound, or the motion, is the solo foundation of spiritualism. If there bo neither sound nor motion, then there is no- thing - nothing unusual, nothing marvel- lous. But if there be either, then the sonnd or the motton is attributed to the presence of spirits. Tho unbelieving attribute it to thoTpresence of some one who knows how to do it without being seen. Anyhow, be or she who can manage so much, can manage all tho rest ; can either spell out nonsense, or tell Hes, which is all that has yet been done. If the table give no response, one way or an- other, then there is an end of the whale affair. Those* who assert that they havo been more aancoesful mast be the victims of a delusion, or an imposition, and in either case their testimony is worthless. That the. Creator, and ruler of this world, would permit the spirits of departed men to return and influence the conduct of the living, is quite,; inconsistent with faith in His beuifi* cenoe. Tbe recognised Interference of the dead with the affairs of the living would inevitably lead to calamities the most deplorable, and to iniqnitisB the moat a'roción». ' 