! ADELAIDE. I Monday, 7 p.m. R A meeting of squatters was held to-day to preient an address and testimonial to Mr. Morris, chief in. specter of scab in sheep. Mr. Morris stated, in reply to the address, that at the prisent moment there nu not one scabby sheep in the colony. Since he had held the office, there hed not been one hundred scabby sheep destroyed. Markets continue thc same a« last report. I Thc Margaret Thompson and Kellermoat hore clero cd for Sydney with wheat, flour, and bran. THE PLTJTO.-The loss of this unfortunate steamboat it now pretty cettrin. Her commender, Captain Bowden, s mott respectable man, well-known for máuv yam In oo> i nexicn with this port and New Zealand, has" left a wifo mi seven children, entirely unprovided for. We uto piad'to leam thnt Captain Norrie and Mr. Richard Hill m eoôe'i. vourir.g to raise money in tho hopo of holpingthisdcaerrioir caso of dis tress. At the Odico of thia Journal, also, doa», tiona will bo tbinkfnlly received. THE HOLY LAND.-It was advertised that yeîtorhy evening e lecture would be delivered in th« Kowtows School nf Arts by Mr. Charles Fansbwa Evered on (ha I Holy Land and Jerusalem, illustrated by a mo ring diorama, and enlivened by saored mnsio. At oight o'olock tho row wm- w«ll filled, but there was neither music nor lecturer, Every arrangement appeared to have been mads, however, for tho pictorial exhibition. At half .past eight it waa an. iiounccd that Mr. Kvereste hud forgotten his lecture, tait bo bad gone to Sydney to fetch it, and that ho would pro- bably bo back in a few minutes. This we &ro; informad was not tho case, but that tho absence of tha leoturer waa owing t i a serious accident that befel his assistant just os he was mounting the omnibus to proceed to Newtown It appian that the Bffihtant's knee came in oontaot with tho wheel, the vehicle continuing in motion, thus causing so serious aa injury to his knoe oap that immediate medical aid wasneoes sary. Mr. Everestohad, in consequence, to bava his BSiiiWt taken to bis house, and see him properly attended to. Thia unfortunate occurrence delayed bim until too lato to cla- rence the lecture. The audienco kept their seats with re- markable good temper until a few minutos ti nina, when, as Mr. Everestorlid not appear, their money.was'rsturofiu tboy left the School of Arts. JONES' MAr OP THE SEAT OP "WAU IX KEW ZEA- LAND.-To a lurgo majority of the publio in this 03lony,as well as in the mother country, tho islands of Ne» Zoalind are a ttrra incognita, of which people who nre frank enoagh t ) confess the fact know little or noihing. Thia having always been the case, elabóralo accounts of tbs different wars between the Maori people aud the British soldiers and colonists have ever been moro eagetly scanned in Australia and in England than readily underU-jod. Any atop, there fore, that may tend to throw u light npon the topography of the present seat of war will doubtless be vory aooeptible; and the more so, as the aspeot of the exiotiog conflict ii daily becoming moro serious. Thus wo are glad to toa that an excellent lithographie m np (drawn by Mr. J. Jones, ger graphor, of this city) hriB been published, by a référença to which the pb} fical aspect of the country now desolthd by civil strife can be estn at a glance-the oporations ol tho contending forces being thereby rendered perfectly intelli- gible* This map is a carefully exoouted copy of a larger map lithographed by Mr. J. Varty, at Auckland, and pub- lished in connection with the Baily Southern Cross. MEMORIAL TO TUE MEMOUY OF TUE LATH MU. IV. T. CAPE.-A pablio meeting of the pupilo of tha lato Mr. ff. T. Cope, convened to confider tho propriety of raisings suitable memorial to bis memory, ww huid in the District Court yesterday afternoon. Mr. Saul Samao!, M.L.A., W8B voled to the chair. Tho secretary, Mr. David Forbes, rend the minutes of tho preliminary meeting, oat of which the present gathering had arisen, ns also latter« from Messrs, Broughton, W. Forster, E. Lee, W. Long, and 0. Eagar, in whioh those gentlemen expressed their sympathy with tho movement, regretted their inability ta attend, ana, In some instances, forwarded contributions in furtherance oftheobjeot of the meeting. Judgo Dowling remarked that, considering » hat Mr, Cape had done for theta, li could not be doubted that sometning ought to be done to perpetuate his memory. It had oocurrol to him that fail might be done by the ereotion of a mural tablet, or by Cathedral windows, bat the most suitable memorial would, he thought, be the establishment of an'Exhibition from tha Grammar t ohool to the University, He moved the follow ing resolution, which was unanimously assented to: " ïhat in tho opinion of this meeting it i» desirable that er me mernot lal be raised to the memory of Ur. ff. T. Capo." Judge Dowling: then submitted a proposition to the effect that the most appropriate mode of carrying; ont the foregoing resolution would be to found a Soholaiehlpla conneotion with the Sydney Grammar Sohoo), and be read a letter from the head-master of that institution respecting the matter. While tho appropriateness of establishing an Exhibition in oonneotion with the Grammar Sohool-for many yaars the sceno of Mr. Cape's labours-was goaerally admitted, it was yet thought undes rabie to restrict tho ad- vantages of the proposed Scholarship to candidates fromany ono school ; and that it would bo a mow worthy and lastin; recognition of Mr. Capo's cxtondod usefulnssa » found an open scholarship in tho gift ol the Senate of the University. Tho following résolu tion, moved by tho Rev. A. H. Stephen, BM was accordingly, after some discussion, agreed to- In» tho most desirable and appropriate mode of ef&ottng;^ tas object of tho foregoing meolutiou is tù subsciiba a fund not lets than £500 wbotewitb to found an opon Scholarship, » be called the ' Cape Scholarship ' within the University' Ol Sydnty." There was some conversation respecting taa desirability of limiting contributions to the «ubeoriptionio Mr, Capo's pupils, but the more general opinion wai ttl j tho lists should be open to tho publio, nnd a decidion to Wt effect was arrived at. The gontlemon present, with tba ad- dition of a few names, formed theruselvoa into a coramitt« to carry out the object of tho resolutions ; seven to form a quorum; vir., Judgo Dowling, MOSBIS. S. Samuel, M.L A., C. J. Mein, W. Macarthy, J. J. Joaephïon, T. "VVeodon, J. Perry, J. Kednian, M. F. Josephson H. Bradloy, W. Laidley, Kev. A. H. Stephen, «. Thornton, J.P., G. A. ManBÜold. G. Lord, M.L A., Dick, D. Forbes, T. J. Jaques, J. Marlin, Q.C., M Jj*/' G. Bagar, M.L.A., W. Norton, D. F. .Roberta, and A. Manning. McsBrs. Forbes and Mein wore appointa* jou» I BecretaricB ; Judge Dowling and Mr. G. Thornton, tr* sums. It was understood that before the meeting soy» I rated tho sum of £150 had been subscribed. Thabtutue» was ended with a voto of thanks to tho ohairman. THE LATE CAPTURE OF LOWRY. - On Thursday, one of the warders of Bathurst Gaol arrived in Goulburn, and positively identified the body of the man shot on Saturday last, by senior-Sergeant Stephenson, as that of Lowry. Mr. Kater, the clerk in charge of the parcel of bank-notes stolen from the Mudtree mail on the 13th July last, also arrived, but he was unable to identify the body as that of one of the men who robbed him, though he stated there was a re- semblance in the features. The whiskers having been shaved off since the inquest, with the view of taking a plaster cast of the features, may have led to some hesitati- on Mr. Katers' part; but there can be scarcely the shadow of a doubt that Lowry was one of the robbers on the occa- sion, especially when it is remembered that he and Foley, who was positively sworn to by Mr. Kater, were captured together in the first instance, and effected their escape together from Bathurst gaol. The Joint Stock Bank, therefore, will be doing no more than what is right in paying the reward over to Mr. Stephenson; and the directors may think themselves lucky in having recovered an almost sufficient number of the stolen notes to enable them to pay the reward without further loss. On Tuesday night, Mr. Stephenson received a telegram from the Government promoting him to the rank of sub- inspector. The announcement has been regarded with general satis- faction. - Goulburn Herald of Saturday. * '1 HE OÏJSHA.-The operatic; seaeon for tho proaent year »tiroinatcd with tho " Huguenote," on Saturday evening, n will ba remembered that tho new Prince of Wnloa Thea- tre.was opened to tho publlo on tho 23rd of May last, when So opera of " Martha" was performed, and sinco that ttino îwonrr-six different operBB have boen placod before tho pub lin Ave of which bad never before been produoed hsre, MBielv-tbo "Huguenots," " Amallo," " I Puritan!." tho .'Lilly of Killarney," and the " Crown Diamonds, two others "¿a Fille du Bogimont," and " Conorontola," hi'l only besn partially given in this city some yonrs ago, and »'Norms" was also parformed for tho Drat time hero by tho mcrcnt company. Th«o twenty-six operas aro from tho «nrks of Mozart, Mcycrboyer, Wobar, Auber, Bellini, .Boni'etU Verdi, Bonedict, Flotow, Wallaco, Balfe, and Rooko R' "8t which contains a most favourable com- ment ' upon tho ability and gena-nl oomplo'o ÍLB of Mr, Lysler'a corps musicale. Tho house cn Saturday evening waa orowdod-and whether lt waa that tho audience was unusually enthusiastic, or ?whet is moro probable that tho principal artistes wero déni- ions of creating a lasting impression of tho magnificence of lhe work they wero developing, OHrlain it is, if tho frequent 'demonstrations of satisfaction may bo (liken as a critorion, thoy surpassed all thair ?«rêvions efforts in tho "Huguenota." In tho two flirt nets thoro aro not many passages likely to evoko the BPCIBUBO of tho ordinary listonor beyond tho solos of ?Urbain, and Marguerite, tho duot between Baoul and Mtir merite. and the " Piff-paff" by Marool. Miss Hodson and Jlndemoisollo Durand wero, of ooureo, loudly applauded rhrmishout. Tho groat demonstration, howevor, was after (he fourth aot, when a perfeot storm of applause burat forth cn tho fall of the curtain-nn andienoo was nevor moro thoroughly carried nway. Madamo Esoott and Mr. fquircB, "whilo adhering striotly to tho musioal rolouiing, reaoh the highest ruin of Thespian art, and sppral to tho noblest sympathies of the nudienoo Kith a force which ovorpowera oil restraint, so muon Jo they seem to be impelled by that "ouo for pas elun " which might be supposod to oome directly from the Kilon of roalitv. Indeed Madame Escott fulfils tho in- junction of Horace, who¡ in tho lino "Kcspiooro ox emyfor vila) morumque jubobo," counsels tho skilfa Imitator fo Keep Nature's great original in viow, And ttaenco tho truthful images pursuo. Tho ovation Madame Escott and Mr, Squires reoeived was ¿o h gicat and desorvod. Mr. AV. S. Lystor waa loudly called for, and aftor the upplauso with which ho was grootod Jud subhidfri, Mr. Lyster addressed tho audience, oxpraj- j tin? bifl thanks for tho support he had received ;-ho bo lioved that in no city in tho world, with tho nnme nurabar el inhabitants, was the lyrio drama better patronised than ja Sydney, and ho would set apart a portion of tho year to opcratio performances. In entoring on the dramatio season, iii assured tho uudienco thut no effort would ba wanting on Us patt to place beforo them tho beBt works of tho srent dramatists. Mosses. Wharton and Farquharson wore seit called before tho curtain, and woro warmly T>lsuded. Tho Lyrio Drama for a timo retiros,-but t¡¡6 recollection of tho many pleasant hours spent in listening to that universal language, whioh appoals'allke to savagery and civilization, to infancy and ago, to tho philo- sopher aod tho orator, to the educated and uneduoatad, will fnrBlth niariv charming reminiscences. OI'ÏNIXO NIGHT OPTIIE PRINCE OP WALES THEATRE. -Lust night was tho opening night of tho Dramatio Soasan at the Prince of Wales Theatre, on whioh oosasion his jjcclUncy Sir John Young and suito honouroâ tho per- formances with their patronage. Thoro was also a very eton dec! pit. it being cAloulatod that not less than twelve hundred po,sons wero there present. Tho performancia cemmencod with tho beautiful domostio play of " The Willoi? Copse," which was produced with, now Boonery painted by Mr. W. J. Wileen. Nearly every member of tho new company at the Prince of Walos was engafçei in this piece, which was vory creditably represented, tho on ltrtniumtnlo of tho oveniug being concluded with tho j romantic drama of " Raymond nnd Agnes," or " the Bleeding Nun of Lindenburgh." In this piece-ai in the jjiet at the Victoria-" Tho Ghosts," or spectral illusions Mere very cloverly displayed. Both pieces will ba performed Bgain to-night. 'fun GHOST AT THE VICTORIA -Yosterdoy evening a I very crowded houto Bssembled at tho Viotoria Theatre to S wilress the production of " Tho Caallo Spectre," in whioh j vero introduced, at the dose of every act, thone startling Í effects recently discovered in England by Messrs. DIrokea I and Pepper, and now generally known under the desi^na \ tlon of "The GhoBt." This singular opt'toal illusion waa I ¡preesnled by Mr. William Pitt (the authorised ngent of I Professor Pepper and Mr. Dirokos) with unqualified sue jj cess, and was recoived with enthusiasts marks 1 of approbation. The dietiaotuess with whioh tho i gbaitly figure is rendered visible is truly extra- is ordinary, anil must be teen to bo understood, ji That tho opparitlon is nothing moro than a shadow is, p severthelefa, incontestably proved by tho fact that tho fe lamp placed on a tablo behind it shines through the figure. ¡j It moves, and perform» its appropriate part, with an ap fe palling precision and clearness that cannot be viewed fe without unmitigated astonishment. To those who are in I tho Bocrct the matter is, of courBO, easy onough lo undor I ettnd, but even to them the wonderful manner in whioh I tho actor can go up, aB it were, to the spsctre and be mixed S tip with ifH figuro has o very weird and unearthly aspaot. I lhe piece will probably run for many nights to oomo. At tho end < f the Castle Spectre thero was a unanimous oill tor Mr. Warner and Mr. Pitt. OUTER DOMAIN.-The band of the 12th Regiment will perform the following selections of music (weather per- mitting) at three o'clock p.m. ; Conductor, H. Prince. Pro- gramme :-Quick March, ''Aunt Sally," Jones Junsur ovtrturt', " Martha," Flotow ; selection, " Zitnpi,' Hiiold ; waltz, " Water Sprite," Ceute ; selection, " Ne Teuchel! pas la Reine," Boisslet ; quadrille, " The Widciopr," D'Albert ; selection, " ll Travatore," Verdi galop," the Leviathan," D'Albert ; God save the Queen. CORONER'S COURT.-The City Coroner held an inquest iteteiday at the Argyle Hotel, on view of tho body of a «aWtuun named Thomas Smith, who lived in Ciinbridüe Btrat. PcceaBtd was between sixty and soventy yeirs"of ?ape, hod been sober for some month«, bat had lately com- plained of a pain in his hoad, and had suffered from a aild ; on Thursday ho was muoh worso, and had to stay at home. Deceased fpent most of Saturday afternoon by the flr*sido ¡ he slept for a timo, and then went into the yard; there ho Ul down, and having been assisted iota the home, expired about half an hour afterwards (Ova o'olook). Verdict : Died suddenly from natural causes. A rider wag addad, in agreement with Dr. Wright's evidence, te tho effoot that death wna accelerated hy tho want of timely medical advioe. -Tho inquest respecting tho death of Timothy Cusack («ho was ihrown from his horse in Parramatta-streot about a fortnight ago) waa roBumod yesterday. Eight witnojsas vero examined, and the case was adjourned for further evidence. j ACCIDENT AT THE REDFERN RAILWAY TERMINUS -A accidunt ocourred at about on« o'clock yesterday, to William Heard, goods' Bhed porter, railway terniiimi, Red- fern. Ho was nBBiBting to Bhunt two goods trucks whioh were being drawn by a couple of horBOS, whon, by Borne atschance, he got his feet jammfd betwoea the points ne»r the signal poBt, and was unablo to ox'rioata them before he ma knocked down by tho approaching wagons, the four weela of which passed ovor and smashed bath his ankles, ita unfortunate man fell under the truoks, but was not ttherroo injurod. The poor fellow was at onos removed ?i^ri0* U" fo,low workman to the Terminus Hotel, v Ie D,r,,Gr8yi WB0 bapponed to be passing at the time, tondajred his wounds, aud ho was then removed in a spring tat to tho Infirmary. At u lats hour last night one of his tp waa amputated, and it was thought not improbable that tbeoihor would have lo be taken off also. ACcïDBNT.-About half-past seven o'olook last night, a lillie boy namod John Carlyle Blipped off the kerbstone ia Mey-Btrcpt, Surry Hills, and, falling in the gutter, broke Wi arm. Ho was taken to the Infirmary, where the frao tared limb WBB set. RïroitT THAT KINO KADAMA. IS NOT DEAD.-Papers lara been receivod in Melbourne from Port Louis (Mau- ritius) to ihe 8th July. The Colonial of that date says : - ''A vogue rurrour, tho preoise souroe of which was unknown to ns, had already come to our knowledge, to the tikct that Radsraa II. was net dead, but hud been carriel »way by night from his palace by a baud of conspirators, *ho keep him a prisoner in some concealed spot in his dominiona (/aid to ba near the tomb of tho Queen mother, ««which no ono is allowed to approach). Th*t whioh hitherto had been moroly a vague report now assumes some tangible shape, in consequence of tho narrativo whioh hu leen oublished in tho Echo du Fcuple\>y an old na'iva of Iscar, Jacques Saido, recently arrived at Mauritius, o, os bo himaelf states, was involuntarily ono of irs in tho more or leas melancholy dram» that has en accomplished at Tananarivou. Tho narrative ch we allude contains details not wanting ia ¡y, and bears a oortain stamp of truthfulness, whilst borate's privato letters that have been reasivei amatnve, to which many parties have refused to any credence." .LADY SIIOOTINO.-The gentlomon of our diatrict aiiontUy relieving the tedium of their daily pursuits fit to tho Murrumbidgee and its vioinity, where they cllintr Bport in wallaby shooting, these boautlfal s being st present found in vast numbera ia th < ourbood of the river. Mr. Freostono last week shot one day. As many as twenty have been seoured by o sportman,-Golden Age. :SA - Somo very rich Bpeoimens of auriforous quart resterday brought to our office for inspection by Mr ?land, of Tuena. Thoy surpass the samples of «tone ,to us last woek from Bimbenang, though tho latte no best wo had seen for somo time. Mr. M'Ausl »nd ied UB that they have a twelve horse-power engine on onnd, and that they are busily ongaged in orashin answerable succees. Most or tho specimens wo r >fe ts obtained at about fifty feet from the surface; an« r luna of them from tho surface itself.-Bathurs Prcstloi Saturday. «re requested by Messrs. Chas, Mooro and Co. to dlroot tb. lon ot the boot and shoo trade to their salo of a largo aa cut çt teasonablo goodB, thia day, nt U o'clock, at the! yitt-Btrcot.-AJ>Y. "ino and 8plrlt Merchants..-Messrs. W. Dean nndCo. har «ed ns to direct especial attention to their highly iraport&n; L i' '"y» comprising CoBens' Bhorry, Hanfs an Wrtninea, key geneva, Marten's and other caso brandloi ?r, rum, beer, &c.-Auv.; "M. L. E. Threlkeld and Co. will hold BOmo Importât tau day, comprising-first, at Barker's Wharf, Launcosto »a oats, at 10; second, at their rooms, Gcorgo- street, t '?M wooiiK Buonaparte, tho cargo of Mauritius sagai ULZLJ iava snKars ex Mathildo, and a largo aaaortmci ..SI B.storca and general groceries ; third, at half-past V ¿"3° JJ wines and spirits ox 8U Josoph, alo, portar, &o.; Taylor's Wharf, at S, codar, ;tho oargo of tho Mai 