SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, 1st Jane. Tbe Bailing of tbe Aldinga baa been postponed till Wednesday. Cleared ont.-Torres, for Sydney, with hay, flour, wheat, and hides. The prospecting for coal at Welshpool has been suspended (writes our Melbourne correspondent), after a jwnsiderabU^DuJih^ trial shafts, several of which have been lost through the badness of the drift, or through the want of com petent miners to do the work. It is understood that operations will not be recommenced until after the winter months. In tbe meantime, the inhabitants of the neighborhood will probably prospect other ground, as a grant from Government has been ob tained for that purpose. The election for the Southern Province, the poll ing for which took place on Monday, is confidently expected to end in favor of Mr Bear. The common report is, that Mr O'Shanasey has done all he can to promote that gentleman's success, and that Mr Daffy has been exerting himself on behalf of Mr O'Brien. Whether this indicates any unfriendliness between the two Ministers I know not, says our Melbourne correspondent, but it is set down to the very pro bable fact that each of the Ministers desires to in crease his personal influence in the legislature. A GHOST STORY.-There is a strange rumor on Campbell's Creek of a mysterious nocturnal visitor at the Ajax claim, Bolivia Reef. It may be recol lected that some time ago a poor fellow named Coombs, a shareholder in the company, and a re- markably tall athletic man, was suddenly killed by a fall of rock in the mine. The story runs that a few nights since the apparition of the deceased ap peared to another member of the company while in a stable, on the claim. The latter, a total abstainer, and a very steady person, was too frightened to speak, and requested two of his mates to watch with him on the following night. Whether at the orthodox hour of midnight or not, we are unable to say, but at a moment be tween sunset and cock crow the phantom was again discovered by two of the sentinels, the other one failing to detect the unearthly visitant. It is said, moreover, that the advent of the spirit was he ralded by a cat, which on being shot underwent seve ral metamorphoses, till it finally assumed the outlines of a superhuman form. Unless the vision was en tirely the creation of an excited imagination, it is probable the affair has grown out of a mischievous practical joke. The topic, however, is evidently an unpleasant one among the men on the reef. Eminent poets, divines, and philosophers in the old world have believed that ghosts do walk the earth after they have "shuffled off this mortal coil," but the one on the Bolivia Reef is the first we have ever heard of on the gold fields.-M. A. Mail, 1st June. RAILWAY IN NEW ZEALAND.-The works of the Lyttelton and Christchurch Railway are progressing steadily onwards. The stone embankment bas con siderably advanced into the sea, and we found, on visiting the works underground, that a long length of the tunnel has been completed to rte lull size, and it is now, with the exception of a short length at the entrance, nearly finished to the extreme end of the main drive, some 500 yards. The material now being bored through is of a comparatively soft de scription, but very tough, and appears to require a very large amount of powder to dislodge it, There is still a very copions stream of water flowing down the tunnel into the sea. On passing into the tunnel ou the Heathcote side of the Hill, we found, that nearly all the brickwork that is at present required is com pleted, and that the rock is taken ont to the foll sizo of the tunnel, with the exception of a 6hort length at the end of the brickwork, and about the same length from the end of the main drive. On this side the tunnel has progressed about the same distance into the hill as on the Lyttelton side, making altogether some few yards over 1000 completed. The contrac tors have been taking advantage of the fine weather daring the past month to complete all the earthwork on the line between Christchurch and the Ferry at Heathcote. A great length is now ballasted ready to receive the permanent way. The railway bridge over tbe Heathcote, which is of timber, is in a very advanced state, and we are led to believe that before the rails, &c; can arrive from England, everything will be ready to lay them in their places. A very substantial fence ia being rapidly erected along both sides of the line of railway, so protected by ditches that it cannot possibly be injured. Ca the site of the proposed a barf at Heathcote we saw the locomotive engine-the first of its family in New Zealand-and it was a matter of surprise bow thia now cumbersome-looking piece of machinery has been got to where it ie in safety.-Lytulion Tima, 14th May. ExTBAOBDINASY DlSCOVEUY OF G OLD IN SOSSEX. -A few weeks ago, a laborer named Willis» Batcher, in the service of Mr Adams, of Rober s bridge, who. occupies a farm st Mountfield, while ploughing on the farm, turned up about eleven pounds weight of gold in a solid state. From ¡ta appearance be supposed it to be old brass, and sold it as such for 6d per pound. It subsequently passed through several hands, until it came into the posses sion of a man named Stephen Willett, a fly-driver ia Hastings, who had been a gold-digger in California and recognised the - true valueol the metal. The story became noised abroad, however, and reached the ears of the lord of the manor on whose property it had been found. Willett was taken into custody on the (»arge of refuting to give up tbe gold or acconnt for its disposal, and on Saturday last was finally examined on the charge, Mr Lewis, from London, appearing for the prisoner. The charge against bim Wa« dismissed, on the ground that the juittoea bad no jurisílctíon^-fSI* Zürn, 3rd Mardi 