M&f.; Pöus SADD AND DOUAY.-Another oonoert will te elvan by these talented arriate thia evening, on whian oooaaion MajorHall and tbe Vlotorlan Bille oompetitotB and their'friends have signified tbeir intention of being present.. Tbe programme ia a very interesting one, and es M. Doney ia entirely reoovered from bia reoent indie, position, his exquisite aiolonoello performances Will oauae tho greatest delight, lt ia: to be hoped that the pnbllo ol Sydney will give evldenoj of their g-od laste and appreciation of (rue talent and geniaa by a warm support of tbiB entertainment. SODDEN DEATH.-About six o'olook yesterday morning, a widow, aged 00 years, named Margaret Mooro, died soddenly at her BOU'S rettidenoe in Wellington.otraet, Newtown. An inquest on tba body will be held before tba Oity Coroner, this morning. THE TIIEATHES.-.The snooess of the "Ticket-of Leave Man" at the Prinoe of Wales Theatre was snoh as to require no change in tbe performances during the past week; nevertheless, the. manager, in order to give tbe fr« q linters of the theatre the opportunity of seeing Mr. Jefl'eroon in as many of lia well- known Impersonations as possible, ptodased Dion BoooiosaU's diam» of " Tbe Oototoon," on Saturday evening. The pieoe is well known io Sydney, having boen pla j ed at both tba other theatres by Mr. Jt liaison and other aotors. On this ocoislon, however, it had the advantage of new aoenory-elegant and artietio-and a very perfeot mise tn scene in general. Tbe burning of the eteamboat ia effeotive, end the oane brake, with waving flowers and oom, remarkably well managed. Salem Soudder is one ot Mr. JaSdrson'a best part«, quiet and natara!, with all the vivaoity belonging to the OIBBB he represents. The oeletitv with whioh he anticipâtes and ¡oils tho attaok of M'Olosky ia very striking. The nuotion scene is one of the best in the pieoe-exceedingly effective. Bogers aa the I taottoDOer, taking bis chaw and bia blandy smash-is I inimitable; whilst Mr. F. lounge's fame as a delineator of " nigger" cboraotera is well anelalned by his version of bastllng Unole Pets, aryinQhimself, os he eoolda the " brook IriBh" for doing tba vary same tbing. Miss Quinn imparted genial graoe ta tbe eharaater ol Zoe ;. Mr. B»rrj, too, enasta tbe repaleive character of M'Clo-kr, with great (oroe and judgment. - Wo should prefer the altered version ol the Ootoroon beooming happy at 1 tat, by hoing saved from the cffeota of tbe poison, and marrying George Peyton bat as it is, it will drew orowded honees all fie week; and rxext week Mr. Jefferson plays a fare« nell round of bis prinoipal obaraoters. At tbe Victoria novelty bas succeeded ia gaining the eupport of the pab- ilo ; varions dramoB have been prodnoed, and the flret three nights of tho past week Mr. Busnell exhibited biB blologioal expi riment », whioh WBre certainly very amusing. On Thursday tbs interesting drama (by Fal* caner) of "Peep O'Day" waa again played, and proved to bare lost none of i s attraetiene« The nt w arrangements with the oxj-ottlointn lights are now need in produolng all moonlight and " ghoatl)" effeota. An amusing lntlo original looal extravaganza, (we believe by Mr, Morton, ? very olever adapter;, wa« aaooesa'ally i îrjduoedon the s ¿me evening. It is called .?Fifteen minutes with spirits (ind water)" and aeiveB a doable purpose ; the introduction of tbe " Ghost" effeots in . new phase,-a aeries of photographia portraits of lite si zo, wbiah by tbe attendant Panoh in waiting (Mr. Howard) are explained to o weary dreomer (and tbe an« dienoe), by very alever sbelshei of the political and other Sydney oolebiiliei of tho day, and eapeoially alludes to reoent doings in the Publia Works Department. Oo Friday Mr. E. Reeve's interesting drama of " Raymond della Torre, Prinoo of Milan"-one of the best and most otaste productions of the B.oBon-wao played to a crowded boase. Tho character of Mary of Padoa is ox. aotly united to Mts. Poole's style of acting, abe gives great intensity to tbe author'a powerful delineation. Mr. Bnrford's Ezzelin is also well marked, and most of tbs other characters received ample jnstiee. The o:medy of "UaodUp" concluded the performances. On Ibis occasion it was converted into a faroe, so thoroughly did Mr. Warner divest' the character of Sit Charles Coldstream, of all tho gentío». manly ease, eleganoo, and nanobalanoa for whiob it b ao been rondered famoOB by Charles Matthews, Sir Witf'jam Don, and other representativo?. On Saturday, "Riobard tho III." and a looal extravaganzi, " Wa)a and tdeans." The drama of " I'aulino" ia now in coarse of represen- tation, MÍBS Harr>et Gordon, said to ba s talentod vocalist, and clever vaudeville aolross, will shortly appear here, end a Mr. Hyden, aomodisn, it engaged. Mr. Charles Dillon and Mr. Barry Sullivan will also shortly return to tbiB theatre Wbolasal* and Ratall Grooeri,|Storakeo'«»r», sci olhert, ar« ramlndad of Motin. Stokaa, Craig, and Co.'a Salo, Thia Day. of Tea«,' Bagara, Ollmoo'a Slorea, Cooy'a Ham«, Carrants, Caadlas, Sta.. «to ,to he held, et their Room«, I'ltt-fllraar, Cortil,at tl g olook ptorayt, . 