INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. (PBOII 0UB. OWN OOK-BBSPONDBNT.) DUNEDIN, OOT. 17. Tho news whioh I have to commnnicite on | this occasion is decidedly more ii terestiag than any of your Otago correspondence for a number of months past. The two circum- stances which give it this interest are tho alleged discovery of now diggings not mora than a day's journey from Dunedin; and th, safe return of Dr. Hectcr from the Weit Coast, with most favourable lepoits of the overland route by which he came, and of the port in which ho loft his vcßsel and the othor members of the expedition. Of the two circumstances, the discovery of the new diggings has naturally excited the greatest furore. < Within the past week-in fact, within the first few days after the i-isae of the prospectors' report-the exodns from Dunedin was only inferior to that which oc- curred on tho occasion of the di»covciy of tli3 Dunstan gold-field. Between Ü.000 and 3,033 people thronged the road to the now ground, proceeding in coach, on hone- 1 back, or on foot, with the u ual accom- paniment of swag and implements hastily procured from tho gratified retail dealers of the town. At tho outset, great expectation.* were entertained of the new Eldorado. Tli9 proximity of the ground was looked npon as a groat thing for Dunedin, as it no doubt would be. And this was a hope much en- couraged by the prospeotors' report. Situated on the west bank of the Taieri River, the pround was r, presented by them as not more than twenty-five miles from town, as confut- ing of several gullies, -with only two or thr 53 teat sinking, nine or twelve inches of wa «h dirt, and rough gold at the rate of one penny- weight to halfan-ounce lo the dish, and al having the'advantage of a supply of timbar within easy distance. The shortness of the journey, though it is over a rough country, enabled the crowd so soon to reach tho locality, that, not many hours after the first report, we had statements from numerous visitors to the ground. Theoarliest were entire contradic- tions of tho projectors' representations, who, with their diggings, were voted " duffers." These were succeeded by more favour- able accounts, a few of the paities oa the ground, having hit upon spots which pro- duced a percentage more to the dish than the prospectóla had obtained, and it is now ascer- tained that a few have done very well ia small rich patches, some averaging two ouncas per day per man, others about £2 sterlioz, and in one caso a party cleared in the week £100 to each. These were, however, the plums, which were few and far between. The majority could only obtain the colonr, whioh is easy work ia all the numerous gullies adja- cent, audit ia now the general verdict thit, while it may keep a emaD community toge- ther for a limited period, the place will never be a gold-field. A force of 100 men, it is cal- culated, would work the place ont in a fo ¿r weeks, though it is possible a nnmber might obtain a sutalstenee by fossicking, and, tho character of the whole district being decidedly auriferous, it is likely that it will reward a few to prospect the country during the summer more thoroughly than has yet boen done. A matter of fully more Fubstautial interoat than the discovery of ntw diggings is tho result of Dr. Hector's expedition to the west coast. After the report by the Maori baat mera, who returned prematurely from the ex- pedition, that Dr. Hector bal broken his arm nt Preservation Inlet, considerable fears wera entertained as to the result of bia expedition and it was au agreeable surprise to all when! it became knowa that he had arrived in to wa by coach from Like Wnkttip, which he hal reached by an easily available pass communi- cating with a luke and navigable river on tha coast. A detailed leport of the expedition which was, of course, undertaken 'more wlfi fecientifio obj ctsthan mere surveying has not yet boen published, but at a dinner whlc*x was given to Dr. Hi ctor a few days after his arolval, ho described his jonrney Bufliclently fully to niako it apparent that a discovery of the utmost Importance to the interests of tho jirovlnco has boon mode. The existence of a iii ay track, 01 a line oF country fit for it railway, was scouted us a chimar* of vfcatern exploration, notwithstanding tha »ssertions ot diggers who had pro- ceded Or. Hector, but that such exists <tn I that it connects with a good harbour fir small craft, is now & certainty, and a cer- tainty which 1 have no doubt will bj matter of as much interest in Milburn ne as it is hero. According to Dr. H> dor's elescriptlon, afcor i tilling in at" Jacob's River to ship soma Maories, ho proceeded on his way to the waat, making a partial exploration of the Bounds ti tJip Bouthwutd ofr Wust Cape, .but without making obser valions of any particnlgr lntar<wt. ' ." i" > . i, -'? a -, * At Preservation Inlet (where his arm was d's ¡I. cated, not broken) were noticed imimnsa ¡quantities of splendid granite, capable of bain ; j ¡easily quarried and shipped, as the vewl-t | could Ile alongside in tho deep-water whfch I extends to the base of the rocky cliffs whioh i 'rise precipitously to a great height. Very I good coal was noticed at Paterson'a Point, j but not under circumstances holding on hope of its being profitably worked. Tim vessel called in at Thompson's Sound, and i Milford Sound, and Dr. Hector made an ia-! vehtig&tionof; tho head of tho l.tter sound but found it shut in by a perfect wall of mountains 4,000ft. high. Sailing north- ward, he came to Martin's ' Bay, and wu ranking for the Awarna River, when he wat led to oxamino the middle of a bay a id di.-covered a river of considerable size. U¿ this river, cdied by the natives tboKadsku, Dr. Hector navigated his littlo vessel, ant .cume up to a lake nnmed by bim the Kakaio Lake, one or two miles in width, and tea to twelve miles in length. Into the other o-it o' this lake another river entered, and ui» thiB Dr.Hector proceeded, leaving theschoiaec in the lake. Following the river for BO a » miles, he found a valley, which.after trondinr f r a short distance iu an easterly direction. d vide*, one branch leading down to the 'IM .tnauL'ike, and the other to the Wakatip i Lake. Dr. Hi ctor followed the latter branoU of the valley, although ho could have ta iel a much shorter route to the Wakatip in i line with the Greenstone River, but he wlsha I to avoid th-i bush, and the valley was clair throughout its distance. Only foi ty-six hou -s of actual travelling were cotisumed from low- ing the schooner to reaching Queenstown, an I it could not have been done in much less tims. U he Kaduku and Kakapo livers now for i considerable portion of their length throiji j ichallnvial plains, extendingfor two or threa miles on either side, suitable for settlement. The Kaduku river average« a quarter of i mile in widtb, and at its mouth is split by an exttnsird sandspit, has a bar at its entnt'ici .with not less than ten feet of water. Til > entrance is somewhat exposed, but, by ths construction of some slight works, could b) rnado available ,for voäsel« of small tonnig» Rut Dr. Htc'.or is of opinion that to mate tbo route available, Milford Haven WJU'.I h ve to bo made the port, and a road could b > cosily constructed to the Kaduku River, whioh its navigable fer light draught t-t tamers or (.mall craft up to the Kakepo Lskj. Tai river li a-iinsr to the valley is of unimportant E;zo, and only navigublu for boa'p, hot a roal could easily be mado along its b mki. Th i Kaduku River narrows to about l81) yards >i jew miks from its entrance, but haBagool channel, with from twelve to twenty fi« (.et of water. It is subject to tidal in- fluences, the ebb and flow being ia fia: f'iir weather, and in the absence of freshets, < bout four knots an hour. The available r gricultnrtl land U about4,000 acres of rlo'i soil, and tho timber is large aud valuable. Ta li chest altitud o of the loute is not moro than i 1800ft. above the sea level, and 400ft. ab tv the lovel of Lake Wakatip. Such ia a shor fit scription of the route It is available at al M a*ons of the year. The distance from th Kakapi lake on the west coast to tho raoutt of tho Greenstone River is under fifty miles and all that is required is the cutting of t track of »bout two miles through the but ft dm the Gre natone to tho valley. In s'io ¡dementing Dr. Hector's account by som. ' neiteB, tho Daily Times Bays:-" The geologic» character of the West Coast country is n > favourable 11 the presence of gold, and w may say, on authority, that Dr. Hector i tlimly of opinion that no paynblo gold-fiel exii-ts westward of a line drawn from the Mt taura through the Wakatip Lake to th. Awarua Riv.r. Gold may possibly exist b3 tween the An uTau River and Casca I Point and acrosB to the Ohau Lake ; but it I Dr. Hector's opinion, that to the east sid i o the fracturo caused by the Wakatip, and so b the east and north, must be looked for th payable deposits of gold. We have the doe to.-'s authority for strongly cautioning tho3 miners whose spirit of adventure leads th > to the West Coast, not to go with the expend tion of finding gold. Copper, Dr. Hector ox petts to find, as he saw evidences warranyin that expectation." The second report of our gold-fields' c>m missloncr, or gold-fields' secretary (which i ver may be tho title of the office held by M Vincent Pyke), has just been published, and i cntainly contains an array of facts an figures which gives a different ides of 11 attractions of the Otago Diggings to win might naturally bo formed irom tho lit lugubrious accounti from tho more Alpin dintricts of the province. Unusual as til character of the winter has been, it is ascei tained, oven by the escort returns, to h w 1 roduccd only a small per centage leas thai the other seasons of the year, whereas in th years 1801 and 1862, the quantity of gold ol t Mined WAS about half the produce of the otho seasons, the weekly escorts having then falloi 'o a minimum which gave riso to serious bu fortunately ungrounded, apprehensions as ti ti o futuro of Otago as a gold-prcducin c untry. Without following Mr. Pyke throng' bis very full and interesting leport, I ma onoto the fact that, while the first year of th diggings produced 394,200 ounces, the secern 3tar produced 460,531 ounces, the Bprln M ason of this second year, whi h immediately pieceded the Dunstan discovery, havintr bier the least productive of the whole period Analysing the escort returns which makethi total, Mr. Pyke states that tho Wakatip gol 1 ¡field alone has ia seven months contribute its much as 101,825 ounce*, the firi-t esoir therefrom having arrived in January last, th. r te of proluce being thus about 27,000 ounce pt r month During too same year the Danst a n*h seat down 185,730 ounces, and Tiiapek 1110,637 ouncea. In quoting these fígaros, i has, however, to bo remembored tuat th escort returns are considerably within th n ark. For the year ending in July last, t'i exports of the province amounted to 614,33 t unces, exclusive of 9,240 ounces shipped n ol her ports than Dunedin; and at the mai ilute there were 23,057 ounces lodged ii the Treasury in excess of the am > in i n hand at tbo end of July, 135Î Trie number of minera at present lu cu i rovinco id calculated at 16,000, ami th. morago for the twelve mouths is taksu a 14,000 ; and with this, or oven a much gr, ato nuning population, Mr. Pyke has conti ioac in Otago continuing for a long series of year to afford highly rcmuneiative employmen uur a fiold tne limits of which aro idoutlcs «uh tho boundaries of the provinco. From the different digidngs the reports at a! pn sent all very iavour.tblo : and tho Motin Ii'a dUtricf, which is tho newest, does n « .mo in pop ii a- estimation, producing over iniimght vary tair quautity for afitLi so t< euiitly opened up. The lnst fortnightlyeseoi arrived in to t n on the 0th inst., and brougl 1U,685QZ , the Dunstan figuring as the moi productive field, tho Lake district next, am uixt to these Tuupeka and Mount Ida, t'j latter producing 2.162oz. The body ot Sergeant Garvey, one of tt itiiiuuted constabulary, who had bsen di t., alched to fie locality of a n<jw lush ne¡ ti e Ida burn, and who failed to return with! .1 leasouable time, was found among the sao ..I the mount ¿tins by a volunteer party, wh in home days tcoured the country m searo ni bim, The poor man, oveicome by col Hid exhaustion, lind «ought tho shelter i » mo rocks, und thorn died undi r circuir i-tnucâB somewhat »miliar to those uf tho fal loi your famous explorers. Being a man wa it UH much respected, and who had distli . i.ii>hed himself during active service in tt ( r.mea and elsewhere, his remains were r moved to Dunedin for interment, the funen lu iug numerously attended by members < Uf Government servlco and by the gener, I u hilo. At the Princess's Theatre, two special nove ii s have lately been produced. The first, iii.tmatlsed vorsion of MIBB Braddon's storyi .-urara Floyd, was very creditable as ti iinidon eflort oí tho pen by which it Wi i apted for the stage, and Its success was ooi ii erably promoted by tho skill of the Been t Hinter: but, as ne ted, tho play had certain i w of the attri lutes of tho story. With n lUr cast, it might be different. Tho BOCO: novelty-" Professor Pepper's ghost,"-here I II duced in the play of "Tho Corsican Br II ers," has been quite a BUCC&S;?, though on t' u it night tho mechanical arrangements filh in their object, The spirit refused tj II 'Bed; and anotlur piece, in which the s. wees of a supernatural visitor were not i quired, was substituted for the night. Tho arrival of tho barque Harburg, fro California, placed us ton days ago Inrecei ni American news to the 14th of Soptomb lu t, from the tangled ekcin of telegrams, ».is difficult to diaw muoh more informât! ;l an was brought by the previous mail. Wi tho exception of tho Juvirnas cargo frc Atlc'aido, and a quantity of oats from Soi land, the Harburgs cargo has been the an "lain freight which has been received with the inontb. OOT. 19. Wo are all in a state of suspenso and nnxle about the steamship Aldinga, which was d uti the morning of tho 16th ; was advertís I j sall on the 17th, and has not yet appean A great deal of easterly weather has prevail til ring tbo week post, and a dense fog fa ottrhung the coastline-elicumsiauces whi niity partially - account for her non-nrriv, i Lut Ehe has'hitherto ken BO punctual on ; ¡' . . ! . lier pa'sagep, that her dc!ay excites alarm, rt is understood that arrangcmontu are brin* ninth; for'.tho' despatch of the I»t«rc')loiiWl Company's steamer Lord Asbloy, which Is thj only available veEsal in port. II A M. I The Aldinga has arrived, aid 1 laves in tin evening. Sha encountered very tempesluon t weather, with an unusually heavy sea. ' | ' NEW SOUTH WALES.' . I (FEOM THE S. M. UEBALD. OCT 20.) TBE CLERK oi' THE EXECUTIVE Council,. i Wo understand that the appointmen t of do rk < of the Executive Council, whicli is no loncar to bo a political office, has been offered to Mr. I Alexander C. Budge, who has hitherto bool acting as clerk to the late occupant of that office. The salary that was n celyod by Mr. Cha'le» Cowper, jua., was £000; und that by Mr. Budg-', £360 ; but as 'the clerk of the Executive Couucil will nowreceivo £500, with an assistant at £100, a saving is shown of £353 i per annum. MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE.- On Thurt l day evening last-Mrs. M'Gregor, of Berlanç, left Toney's public-house, at the t"p of. Ara- luen Mountain, to return homo. Tho sun WM down at the lime, aud the nightanythioghut I favourable foi a female to ride through, over | a wild country, unattended. In tim morning, as Mrs. M'Oregoi- bad not retched home, search was made,and her horse, with saddle and bridle on, was found. Her husband, with some friends and neighbours, has been out over since, bat up to the date of the latest ia 1 telligancc from Major's Cieek, no clue can bi found. It is much to ho feared that Mrs. M'Gregor wits thrown fiom her horse, and in the darkness of the night has fallen into so m i of tho deep guilla or ravines which abou ad in this part of the country, in endeavour!».; to Teach her home. If such should turn on tobe the case, but little hops r> mail M hat sha will be found, for if dead, her b idy would ia all probability be devoured by native does, a$ was supposed to be the case with alad wb> was lost in tho same part of the bush soma years sinca. COACH STOCK-UP.-The coach which left Forbes ou Friday morning was stuck-up at Engowmby the five notorious bushraniers : bnt luckily they were disappointed, no m til being forwarded from Forbes on Friday. RonnEBY AT NEWCASTLE.- An oxtenúva jewtdltry robbery was perpetrated last ni^'x1; at the shop of Mr. James Williams, in Huntjr Mreet. The burglars effected an entrance by boring holes iu the panel undi meath the shop window, and cairied off au iron safo and a quantity of jewellery. Tha value of the prorerty stolen is unknown at present, but it is supposid to be over £200. THE BUSHRANGERS AT CANOWINDRA. (FROM THE BATHURST TIMES, OCT. 17.) Yesterday, news reached Bathurst that Gil- bert and his gang had paid another visit to Canowindra, and, investing the town, and held it against all comers tor three days and nights, their proceedings being characterized, by a cool audacity which has hitherto been unequalled. The tragedy of bushranging is a thing of the past - it is now such a familiar every-day matter that it has become a broad farce. The bushrangers made their appearance late on Sunday night, or early on Monday morning, paying a visit to Mr. Robinson's hotel, and taking from him about £3. After this, the farce commenced, some of the gang were placed so as to guard the approaches to the town and everyone who made his ap- pearance was taken into custody and brought to the hotel, where he was told he must remain, but that he might call for whatever he liked, at the bushrangers' expense. No restraint was imposed upon them, other than that they wore ordered not to quit the town, the bush, rangers amusing themselves in a variety of ways, holding a robber's jubilee. On Tuesday morning, at ten o'clock, Messrs. Hibberson, Twaddell, and Kirkpatrick drove up to Robinson's, where Ben Hall informed them that he was sorry to inconvenience them, but they really could not be permitted to proceed on tbeir journey, and he must therefore trouble them to leave their vehicle and put up for a while. On getting out, O'Meally, who was present, saw a revolver in Mr. Kirkpatrick's possession, and presenting one of his own weapons at that gentleman's head, he compelled him to give it up, remarking that they did not require it, but as it might be used against them it was as well to take the precaution of keeping it out of harm's way. He promised, however, to leave it at Mr. Loudon's residence at Grubbengong, as they intended to pay him another visit before long. This, and the robberry of the £8 already mentioned, were the only items of violence committed during their stay. A first-class dinner was ordered for the three gentlemen, and the cost of this as well as everything else called for was defrayed by the gang. Every dray and team that passed was stopped, and the men belonging to them were lodged, fed, and supplied with drink, free of expense. There were twelve or fourteen drays drawn up in a line, and not the slightest attempt was made to interfere with the loading they contained. Bundles of cigars, purchased by Gilbert, as required, were thrown loosely on one of the tables in the public house for all who cared about smoking them, and a huge pile of sweetmeats was also provided to suit the taste of others. Everyone was em- powered to call for what he liked, but the bushrangers drank nothing but bottled ale and porter - the corks of which they insisted upon having drawn in their presence. Great festivities were kept up, and, from the descrip- tion given of the gang, they entertained not the slightest apprehension of being disturbed, and did not seem to think that they were in- curring any risk. Amongst a variety of amusements, shooting at a target seemed to be the favourite, and nothing occurred to mar the revels, except the accidental dropping of a carbine, which went off and sent its contents flying past O'Meally's legs. To some of the residents in the neighbourhood who desired to visit their homes, leave of absence of an hour's duration was granted - passes being given to them, duly signed. In one or two instances, where the time allowed was exceeded by the passholders, Ben Hall went after them, but on meeting the individuals returning, he contented bimself with admonishing them for their transgression. Or, one occasion Ben Hall said he must go and look after " the policeman;" and, getting on his horse, he rode to the barracks, where it seems a constable is stationed, and ordering the man to fix the bayonet to his gun. and place his revolver in his waist, he drove him before his horse down to the hotel, where the others amused tbemselves with him for a little time, and, taking his arms away, told him to go in and enjoy himself till he received further orders. There were about forty persons detained altogether, and the reason given for adopting this course was that they bad a number of scouts out, and they were desirous they should return before any one left the town. They recounted several of their exploits, and expressed a llvely contempt for policemen generally, and their officers in particular - saying that when the police came all they had to do was to ride away. It is said that Messrs. Hibberson, Twaddell, and Kirkpatrick were anxious to resume their journey, and upon representing to Hall the fact that the river was rising, and unless they were allowed to go at once they might, be de- tained for days before they could cross, they were allowed to take their departure at four o'clock in the afternoon. The same night the ruffians stuck up Mr. Grant's place on the Belubula, and burnt it down, to wreak thelr vengeance on the owner.who had dared on a former occasion to give information to the police. They said they were overlooking him when he was directing the police, and saw him point out tbeir tracks. We are told that information of the Canowindra business reached the inspector-general on Thursday, but the matter was looked upon as a mere canard. Besides the visi to Mr. Loudon, the bushrangers intimated their intention to re-visit Bathurst shortly. (FEOH MB t'REE l'BESS, OUT. 17.) A gentleman who arrived hero yesterday from Forbes relates aseries of cb cum stance«, .which go to show that tho bushrangers hava been in close proximity to their oin haunts. He started from Forbes on Wednesday morn- ing by tho four u.m. coach, and when about two or three miles on the Foi bes Bide o( " German Jack's," a man was seen standing behind a large tree, growing within a sow nut- ui mu roon, AS ina coach ap. preached him, fe horses walking, ho al yanced carelessly, twisting his pipe between his ilDgor and thumb, with hi* cabbae» treo hat slouched over his left eyo, so as to hide one half of his face, or otherwise mules his features partially irrecognisiible, and sur- veyed thei passengers moBt minutely, and having satisfied himself that the troopers wera not there, ho caielesslv turned on his heal .Tust provjously, Mr. Campbell oí Goimbla' accompanied by his brother and two other i' carne up on horseback, all armed, having ou ¡ double-barrelled ondtbree singlo-barroUedsho'; liU.DS"^,wltn rn'-v. one «amrod amomrst t ia lot. These gentlemen told the passengers 11 look out as Gilbert and his gai^g wem cío,! at hand, they themselves being on the searoi for the marauders. They passed onlntai direction from which the coach had com i the man before alluded to casting an unxloui glanco after them, and then watching th> \- coach to the turn of the road, from which point he was observed to dart away »ii dirarp'ar over an adjoining ridge. Half a mile further on, our informant observed th) track of a horse's hoofs coming down to th? toad from behind the ridge in question, ant going along the road in the direction of To >. Ig ng, near which place it waa afterward i ascertained the bushrangers were encamp ti the same night. The features of the bash telegraph were well known to twogentlemai j in tho coach, wbo remembered him as an old j * pal " of Ben HallV, and who had lived as j Gitllcn's some twelve months back with thai j individual, and is frequently to be* seen ia Forbes. Three trropots, stationed at To) j trong, wero told of what had occurred, when they started off, saying "they would BOO-I e-atch them," and putting spurs to their I hoists, our informant says they went at BUC'I < a pace through a soft sandy paddock th ii j their horses must have been blown botan they were a mile on their way. It'was ofter 11 ords ascertained that they reached Mur;,, ' and thenca made their way to Eugowra, meot I ing no bushrangers, as these gentry are not s > particular ia keeping to the main road. To ' warda evening the Eamo three troopers roi» i quietly back to Murga (where our informant I had bt-cn detained) in company with eight or ! tiiiieothers, with whom it seems they had falle i in during the day, coming from tho direction ia . which ttoy were going, and shortlv aflerward-t itliey left for tbeir quarters. Mr. Catnpb-ll I »rd his party also came to Murga, without having encountered the bushrangers, an I wvio considerably " chaffed" upon their ad ,\enture with one ramrod. The next day, at '<iur informant passed Toogong, hi learno I [ili-it the gang had campea on Wednosday 'riUjht within three miles of that place, an I ¡in the precise direction taken by the bus') Iteligiapb. ^^^^^^^^^^^^ 