TUB MODERN ALCHEMIST. Was he right who speculated of the olche- mifits of old, llmt under the pi- nrch for tho philosopher's stono they sought to pierco through myflteries that veil tho truth ns it is in W»»i4i , »i» anvil, VI JU » I.Uill B.l I'j-'Cli III lUUlir- my is man ? Said the Arabian Alipili, " O man, that which thou ecckcst, find within thee." Said tho great adept Snndovigius, f Man contuioB mysteries which tho philodc- phorp, using tho light of naiurp, eco as in a mirror." Said tho great Avtophm?, who oe- Burcs us thnt ho wrote at the ago of one thou sand and twonly-Gvo his tractoto ujion tho pro- longaii -n of life, in tho phiiosoplier's stono is contained evtry secret. "Dceoct, thorefore, continually said he, 11 for except tho bodies ho broken and destroyed, imbibod and i made subtle and Hue, thriftily nnd intelligently managed till they are abstracted from or lo?o their grossnsss, all our labor will bo vain." 4< I have lived," said Artcphius, " one thou- sand an 1 twenty -five yeai'a." Itig«cvon hun- hred yoars since ho said that, but the grave of Artephiua, where is it ? Can it be that he still drcocts continually ? Hove I lost my wits in tho study of your secret hook, O master of ths innermost of man? Was it true, or did it only seem to me, that at the ninth hour of tho. ninth day of tho month nine, of November, tho book rose qb I read in it, tho parchment, cover of my Arte- phius softened, and spread into the fresh skin of the philosopher himself. " Most patient votary," ho said, "I will lio hidden no mora from you behind thnt screen of Tollum. I am alive still, and I do decoct con- U'ntnlly. Behold, therefore, I bid you to my care !" The phantom took mo by the arm und led me forth into yellow fog, through which, peopled hy dancing lights and dim uncertain shapes, he guided mc to tho broad waters of a yellow fitrcum that I crossed dry -foot. But 1 had not gono far upon tho other batik before I reached the homo of tho great li rv dragons, and passed into a valley, where I hr.r.d them in tho dark ness screaming over head. Yet, so full was my possrssiou by tho dream, if it were dream, that I felt as one who had Jived with dragons, and walked fearless . Ah me, sad shades ; ah me, sickness and wooriness! Do we npproaoh the cave? "These," said Artcphius, "are tho feeblo of this world who lio about my pcrUl, watching tho uncertain flight of a greA life-cater who hovers over them. On nomc lie pounces, others lie will leave. Ifo would he geared from uil if those knights had their will." For I saw also that, there were brave kni'lita hurrying without pause hither and thither among those who had been hero thrown out to the dragon, knight a brandishing plrungo weapons of bright steel, guiluit knighta pointing their t Jancfs ut tho flying enemy, attacking him nl60 with powder and ball, so thnt not seldom this hungriest of ull the dragons flinched ond fled. I made obeisanco to theso noblo warrio s, and left them gathered in a knot to hold their shields over one prostrate child towards whom tho lift-eater pounced, and against whom he darted out his tonguo most greedily. 41 Day by day, year by year," said Arte- phius, 44 generation by generation, century by contury, that dragon hn3 been dovouring human life before tho threshold of my cavo. Yet, thanks to these knight., fighting with arms not seldom tempered by my art, he xnissrs mods." Frogmen's of burning air addod their radianco to the dim light of u»y, as through a long closed solitary way wo nune to a Ucor opening on tho steps by which wo should dcscond into the cave itself. But about that door the mist suddenly thickened and threaten ing shapes gathered, thnt I knew wcro shapes not of tho living but of tho dead. They fought against u$, and ngninst each other, with their unsubstantial arms ; but as the door opened a great light ahotio out of tho cave, in which they blackened and wero burnt ns- by consuming fire. The door waj opened by tho groot SflndoTigius, who satd in a loud voice as wo descended tho steps, 44 Mnu contains mys teries, whioh the philosophers ia using tho light of natut'o boo." I saw the adept Sandovigius no more, il But lift up your eyes," and Artephius. "Who stands- by yonder crucible? It is tho Arabian Alipili, that princo of ndepls. Come, now, aud with his help let us search into So I went down with Artephius into tho cave. There, as I stood on the stone floor, wallod in with retorts, crucibles, and secret ninny-colored essences of man and earth ond things thnt grow upon tho earth, confined in crystal (for by such mysUric3 tho cave waa lined, to tho north and to tho south, ond to the cast, aud to tho west), I saw tho storehouse of nature's miracles. ' Sol aud tho body of Mercury woro there, and antimony, which contains within itself its own vinegar, also tho whito earfrb and tho sulphur azuriuc ; there, too, I siw Medea's brotb, and the indissolu ble matrimony between Siccum and Hurnt- dun;, the Frigidity conquered by tho Oalidity, and tho whito woman becoming the Red Man. Among tho wondcra of that place was a little mimic wilderness of sand, hot cs from tho simoon confined below it, both good for tho myslical rejuvenescence of tho epirits that will oomo when an Artephius calls. Again, I saw also a furnace ; again, tongues of lire on strangely-covered tables. Upon one tablo n touguc of fire shot forth beside a globe of frost ; and -on another I b3yt iron eating air, while tho profound Alipili was measuring its mouthful. As I stocd among such wonders I bowed reverently before Artephius, who held a little bot tie in his hand, and cad to ine, " Let us now look into man." A heavy spirit of irreveroMce possessed me then, aud I answered, < It seems to mo, O Artephius, that this bottle contains a mnull portion of cocoa, in large brown dry flakes. .Do you propose making me at homo in your den with a cup of cocoa, boiled ior us in one of these your retorts ? 44 Cannibal," aaid Artephius, do you pro pose with mockery to make man-tea! This," and it rattled as ho shook it, 44 thw, fugacious trifler, ia part of the dried liver of a man, who died in torment of Medea's broth five years ago." At these words my bones wero to be heard rattling within me, and I disappeared into the reoesflcs of my bIiops. 44 Come forth," said my guide ; " fear nothing. Come forth, or I will extract you ohetnicaily from those allocs of yours." 44 Pardon me, if I wo3 pr. cipilnte," X said, as I rose, 41 and show me Iho solution of this motter." " I was about to do so," said the alchemist. "Hero, in this botilo, is some of the dry liver dissolved in London porter." With a wry face, I replied 14 Artephius, I do not ask for that solution. Explain to me tho wonder of tho liver that is dry and chinks." 44 Why," said tho sage, 44 when people's bowels aro brought to nv» " "By three and nine," said I, 41 and, in tho name of the Concentrated Salt of Nature, U it thus, O Artephius, that, like an old sooth sayer, you look into mau ? " 44 1 am a soothsayer, no doubt," answered Artephius, 14 and om now old ouough to know that I can search into tho remains of man with the moat satisfaction when they do not offend my nose. Behold, therefore, thai dish in yonder oven ; it contains the rotting sto mach of & glutton. Take it out and smell to it." 44 Exouee me, no ! But are you really bak ing it for your own " 44 Disciple of tho ndepla," said Artephius, 44 1 am not baking it. In this oven of mine tho £re is set not under tho meat, but up tho chimney. Look up into that, chimney and tell me what you see ?" 44 1 see, O master, a lambent ilnmo more brilliant than peven times seven WilW-tbe "And what do you look up ?" "I feel as it wero o great wu/.. rushing nnd whither tho lira points the wind rushcrf. J-ct the duv is still nnd calm." , _ Even bo," Enid Artephius, I moke the irind my servant, nnd lie blows over those entrails, carrying up their humidity and their foul odours into tho outer air. When the vapour of it i3 all gone, yonder gluttons atomaoh will remain, with ajl its oontained secret!) dry in my hand a little crystal will contain if, and I may know w' otbir ho dit d of ; food or prison when Twill. Rut if I had naked the fire to help tho wind, fire would hnvo been too masterful, and front boforo liia ruging many secret# would hove fled." " Aud in this dry cake of a man's livor there waa n great accrct found ?'' " Tltoro wna found," said Artephius, " tho accrct that live.1 with n murderer, ntn of bin brend, drink of his cup, curled itself at its heart within hia bed by night, rodo unseen on liia neck by day, weighing hi. heat! to tho oar! h, choking him, furrowing Ids fucewith the murks of its thin cruet tingire. I powdered ns much of this corpse-cste ns n dninty man might tnko of snull' within his fingers, nnd the littlo pinch of mortal dust spoke, hcing questioned ; the secret also stood ghadly nnd largo brforo me, to denounce its keeper. 'J'he phich of dunt sufficed to Jiang n murderer." " Rut how," T nsked, "enn tlie dust speak ?" " Stand by," said Artephius, " whilo I question it, nnd let your eyes ntlend, for tho questioner of linture admits answers only by u way of 8preeh"ntore vivid tban that by the c9r ; speech must bo to (he eye. only, and will Itcro use words thnt remain with ever-present testi mony bearing witnoss to nil people nnd all times. Wo trust not passing aounds, gore when they nro uttered, present only to tliOBO who wcro present and attentive at tho instant of utterance, and dependent for their pre servation upon memory that may fail of its trust. Tho language in which nature speaks to theso who question her is vividly distinct, nnd yiolds commonly together with tno word its living record." Artephius having thus spoken, tho profound Alipili placed in u crystal tubo a Ik tie of tho powder of the corpsc-cnke, and having mingled if, for confusion, with tho coinplox distillation of burnt malt, called by tho vulgar, porter, gave it to tho hand of Artephius. Call this," said tho philosopher, " if you will, the complex fluid from the stomach of one who is thought to hnvo drunk dcatiiin some un known form of Medea's broth. Now see, I lot it rest. Does it contain heavy matters thnt will settle to the bottom? If eo, among these will bo undissolved parts of n heavy poison, if nny be here, or of thn food in which thnt poison wns given. Something fnlia. I pour ofl'the upper liquid into its own glass, to bo heroaftcr questioned, if I wish to question it. I pour water upon this eettlcmcnc to wr.sk it clean, nnd pour that water off. I throw nothing nwny. A second time I wnsli it, and pour offtho water. Upon tliia absorbent paper that will suck i's moisture in, I place that settlement, lumpy nnd whit-, you see. Bibulous paper over it as well as under it " But hero I interrupted him, nnd said : "I bcc, 0 Arle phius, that the sago Alipili now warms a shining knife, and flic knife is pointless, and it. will not cut. Expluin to mo that enigma, before you proceed." "I proceed to if," said the philosopher. "I take that wormed knife which tho adepts call a spatula, and press it upon tho thick blotting- paper) under which lies that whito settlement. If it be earth, it dries. If it bo fat, it mclt3, nnd makes a stain upon the paper. That hot knifo over tho suet told rnc onco how a child had boen slain cruelly and traitorously with poison mixed into its Christmas pudding. There is no stain here. Tho paper dries. Now, therefore, I prepare for this suspected bit of grittiucss, pursuant to tho . decrco of nature, wIiobo laws are my laws, the ordeal by fire." A littlo crystal tube, too small to contain one sigh of nn infant's breath, nnd at the bottom of tho tube that dry morsel nf settle ment, together with n little soda fliix to aid tho molting. Up leaps a tonguo of fire. " First 1 discbargo humidity out of tho crystal." With tho tonguo of lira Iho whole length of tho lube is licked. " Aud now," said Artephius, " for tho ordeal." Tho bottom of (he tube glows into rod heat, and behold, thorn rise two nooses or rings, one that mounts highest is brown, tho other . has a st.'el-grey lustre. " Tlmt is tho glitter of the mctnl arsenic," said tho adept. "But I have here cunningly devised a mogio eyo that is a servant of the cavo. Mnko it your oervant, O my friend." I used, therefore, Iho magic eye, and by its help saw every eight- sided crystal that mado up the nooso of arsenic that had risen iu answer to Iho questioning of fire, and had denounced the murder don6. " But if the firo deceive ?" I nsked. " They who sit in tho light of nature ques tioning what ia in man, liaro many Eorvants, and aro taught by many voices. One witness may sufllco, yet wo depend not upon ono alone. I can call liithor a dozen to bear, each in its own different way, consenting witness to tho truth of what tho ring has told us," " I havo heard," I aaid, " O master, of tho Magus Hugo Itoinsck, who spreads a filmy web of copper 111 which to entangle and catch oven tho ghost of such a secret." , " Here," said iny guide, " is a fragment of that web, no broader than an infant's finger nail, and I wiil oatch in it. tho Booret that, now lurks in yondor oolorles3 water that I last povrod off, if any trace of tho secret havo really passed into it." ' A littlo of tho water was poured by the ndopt Alipili into a crystal tube. IIo questioned n few drops of tho biting acid, -known as hydro chloric, and when it hnd replied that- it was itself entirely freo from arsenic, added them to tho water. Then tho wntsr In as boiled, and as it boiled Artephius dropped into it tho gauzy web. Instantly the copper caught the arsenic in its meshes, and wa3 to be seen displaying it with a sad faco of iror. grey. X'10 gauze wus taken out, washed in pure water, dri d between blotting paper, rolled into a tiny pellet, placed ot tho bottom of tho crystal tube, called a reduction tube, for the nrdeal by fire, and mado ret hot, when, behold ! again aleo the ring spoke. " And was there not," I asked, "also the spell of a Marsh spirit?'' " You oliall stand by," said my guide, "and know also the secret of the Mursli magus. Behold within this crystal prison-house tho ha'.tlo fought between the acid last used and tho offended metal zinc; sea how they boil with anger as they fight, and t ho good fairy hydrogen eseapss from the uproar. If I place iu her. way, ns sho is flying, anything that contains arsenic, slis cannot keep herself from ita defilement — sho becomes arsennretted. Through tho drying earth, heaoed at the gates of yonder crystal gnllary, she Hies till, iu the narrow passage set midway, ahc drops as she flies some of hor arsenic, covering tho thin walls with a lmir-brown film. On sho 5003 till she plunges into yondor silver sea, where the rest of tho poison she bringo v. i : 1 1 her darkens also the Bilvcr with the hue of crime. Dissolve ono grain of arsenic in three thousand gallons of water, and our fairy servant hydrogen will from a liLtlo cupful of that water bring up tho metal, nnd will lay it here distinctly visible before me in the narrowed passngo of " that morsel of gloss pipe." As tho great alchemist of tho past and of tho present spoke, I marvelled, and my eyes grow dim. Tho fog seemed to clos.e in upon inc, and the ghoBtly shapes closed in upon mc with the fog. I11 forms pale, haggard, and dishevelled, they wero thronging about tho alor.der little pips of glass, and upon that frail narrowed passage, slender n» whipcord, which displayed tho damning evidence, they writhed as tlioy beat- with shadowy ham mers and with yellow bony fists. They beat, but did not break it. Then methought that strip of glass, slender r.s whipcord, stretched and twisted itself ns into rope, and wiigglcd itself like a ghastly make iu and out and to ond fro among those phantom?, coiling about their feet, their arms, their neck. And as I beheld tho prodigy I lienrd a voice resound ing that cried iu an unknown tongue, yet after I had heard it, as I thought, a tongue not wholly unknown, these strange words of por tent 1 " At verum Tellus, Acr, Actherque, Chaccque, Acquoroque, ct Cur.ipi, Rhndop.eia Saxa loquenter." Not wholly unknown, for methought tho voice was the voice of the great poet Luoan, and tho signification of theso words was that earth ond air, ether beyond, Chaos iteclf and tho great, waters, and tho plains, and 1 ho very atones, ahull havo speech to make known tho Truth. fpjBut tho voico of Artephius recalled me, and again I bohold tho sage, holding a crystal vessel in his band. " Herein." ho 3aid to me, " ia cartli takon from where it luy nearest to the corpse in an old grave. It contains muoh arsenic from decay in tho eirlh of the miaoial stone called iron pyrites. Here in this crystal is confined a piece of tho body tlmt lay iu tho tamo grave." "But that is not flesh," I said. "That fatty waxy mass resembles dirty spermaceti, or congealed whito honey." " Oil its way back into dust, to such a sub stance may the alchemy of tho grave reduce your body," said Artephius, "when ita time shall come. But observe: In all the chemistry that lias gono on within tho enrth, under the hot sun and dronchiug rains, wherein the grave now swcltcrod, now was soaking, while skin and fle-h wcro psesing to this change, ono okungo ia not included. The body lay in tho earth that contained arsenic, yet not u trueo of the poison has il tuken from tho earth in which it Joy." " I nm glad," I said, " that Artephius still lives. But I bcscccli you show mo yet another of theso secrets." " Medea's broth can contuin fow tliingB more deadly than corrosive sublimoto. Dero is broth that contains a trace of it, with hydro chloric acid. I aciduluto a little of it, nfier pouring it into tliia shallow cup of platinum , I dip into it a slip of gold leaf, that lies partly on tho surface of tho other metal, nnd lo ! now tho great spirit Gal vanism is evoVcd. Suddenly and silently, falling on it liko a eloud-slmdow, there lies tho hidden mercury spread largoly over tho gold. I dry it, roll into a smnll pellet tho darkened gold-leaf, submit it to the ordeal by fire, and what marvel is here, lo ! Mercury himself ascends. See, again. Upon this littlo plate of porcelain a fow colour less patches of wator thnt bus touched tho poison strychnin. One patch remains colour less after I have added this drop of the oil of vitriol. I place beside it now n pure und limpid drop in which that cunning B0I09I1 imp, Bichro mate, lies concealed. I cause him now to run at the suspected stain ; instantly ha has soarchcd it to the innermost, nnd having found tho evil trace of strychnia, boo how cloTerly ho telegraphs to mo what ho has learnt. First he speaks by displaying a deep rich blue signal, which ho changes then to purple, then to crimson, then to a brick-red, whieh last I10 will continue to display for hours. Those words to tho eye are unmistnkeablo. Other imps servo me, who aro not less sure detectives or leas clever denouncers of strychnia. Tho Potassium imp called Forr- cyanido; Peroxide, the gou of tho witch Man ganese, or that other Peroxide, who wears armour of lead, arc all as clever as Bichro mate." "But," I said, "your alchemy that lifts so etrong a hand of waruiui; and denunciation against crime, that is so far more wonderful and so infinitely moro useful than that you practised when at tho ago of 1025, O ray Artephius, you wroto your Seerot. Book, Hint alehemy has yet new heights to scale. Of yonder vegetable extract the sago Ahpili has just whispered to mo thnt a tilho of a grnia kills, and it is diffused in a liorb of which the last of our Medcns made a deadly brandy for tho comfort nnd solace of thoso whom eho slew ns she nursed them with a cruel mockery of kindness. It 13 truo (bet sho has not escaped tho sword of tho law." " It is true, nlso," said Artephius, " that there are poisons which, if their victim sur vives long enough, may pass out of a mnn's body b:foro he drops into tho grave ; there are nho poisons tlmt by lapse of time decay within tho grave nnd leave no trace behind tliem. De clare not these to tho profane. But of this be assured, that whenever men nrowiso enough to make prompt search into the truth, there is no cunning that shall master ours, neither can any poisoner bo wiso enough to know with certainly how ho shall prevent tho gavo itself from yielding up his secret, or tho dead from being raised up by tho magio of a cavo like this into the damning wituoes of his crime beforo tho face of alt the living." With that thought in my heart, I ascended out of the oavo and roturned to my own home, whore I found, still lying open 011 the table, the fame Secret Book of Artophius in which I had been loading. And as I sat down before it, and again rend in if, I thought how vain and puny' wore tho aspirations it records, how dead 'ts wonders. Surely Arte phius, sevin conturies ago, must havo been threo thousand years younger than Arte phius, tho alchemist of this deorepid old year, eighteen sixty-two. And it occurred to me, upon consideration, as not strango that Arto phius, now wears a hat and a black frock-coat j also, it scorned well and right as well cs true, that there should bo an Artophius here, an Artephius there, with a oavo hero, and a vault there, for their alchemy ; also, it occurred to me then, thnt the Artophius whom I had visited did not converse with "OhB" nnd "thcue," and antique forms of phrase, but diseussod marvels as great as if ho did, in tho natural manner .of a genial, and by no means mouldy, Englishman. Neither was his famulus, Alipili, robod in hieroglyphics, nnd orowncd with tho oeven planets in a Mother Shiptou hat. But what of thnt ? Was tho wonder of thoso things less than if I had Been them among the owls who frequent tlieruius of unothor Bnbylou, because the river I crossed in iny journey, on u dull November day wus our own Thames, crossed dry-foot by tho handsome aid of Lon don bridgo— becauso the dragons flew over me by help of nil arch spanning the road that goes down by a great railway terminus, towards a famous placo where the sick lio aseombled, and the busy doctors battle for their rescue from the jaws of death. What if these bo but modern ir.nvrola, and this story of a visit to tho Cavo of Artephius is discovered to he, after all, only a bookworm's account of un hour with Dr. A. S. Taylor in tho laboratory of Guy, 8 Hospital. A DirraiENcn of Ofixion. — Good diet makes healthy children ; but the South Sea I.dandcrs think that healthy children mnko goad diet. Sukoehy in Afghanistan.- Tho Afghans, from their rough and hardy modo of life, acquire by oxpcrionco a number of very prac tical, though to be sure, uncouth methods of righting themselves, their horses, and enttle, that may suffer from accidents. Their opera tions for the reduction of dislocations in the human subject are most original, and if report Bpcaks ut nil truly, equally successful. For a dislocation of tho thigh, tho unfortunate patient is sweated and starved for three days in a dark room, the atmosphere of which is heated by fires kept burning night and day, and tho effects produced by this high tem perature are increased by drenching the patient with copious draughts of warm rieo. water or thin gruel. During tho interval that this treatment is enforced on tho patient, a fat bullock or buffalo is tied up and fed ad libitum with choppod Btrnw flavored with salt, but is rigidly denied a drop of water. On tho third day tho patient is mado to ride tho bullock or buffalo astride, a felt alono intervening between himself and tho animal's hide ; his feet are next drawn down and fastened tightly under tho animal's belly by cords passing round tho ankles. All theso prcliminurico arranged, the animal is then led out to water, and drinks so greedily and in ordinately that its belly swells to near double it3 former size; tho traelion produced by this on tho dislocated limb is sufficient to bring the wandering bono back to its socket. The method of reducing a dislocated shoulder is quito a3 curious and interesting. It is managed thus : tho hand of the dislocated limb is firmly fixed as close to Iho opposilo shoulder as it can ba by cords tied round the wrist ; between the bend of tho elbow and the chest is placed an empty " masak " (u goat's Dkin wator-bag, in common use throughout Oriental countries as a means of carrying water,) which is gra dually filled with water j the weight of this suffices to overcome the rcsistanceofthc muscles before they havo borne it for n quarter of nn hour, ami the head of tho bono (lies back to its socket with tho usual sound. Most masaks, when full, weighs close upon a huudrodwoiglit, and many much moro than this. For a reduc tion of dislocation at tho anklo joint, tho injured extremity is placed in a liolo dug in flie ground and corcred over with soft earth, whioh is firmly pressed down by stamping. Tho limb h then pulled out by force, in this manner : a rope with a loop at ono end is fixed tightly to' tho leg, just below tho knoo. A man stooping down puts his head through tho loop and rests tho ropo on the baok of his ncok, und then gradually raises himself to tho erect posture. By this action tho buried foot is drawn nut of the irround with the ioint roturnod to its natural position. — Journal of a Political Mission to Afghanistan , in 1857. By II. W. Belled. 