I THE EARTHQUAKE AT MANILLA. I A correspondent of the Overland China Mail fur nishes the following :-" Manila, 4th June, 18G3. On tho 3rd instant, nt half-past seven in the evening;, a circumambient flame was soon to rise from the earth and i^irrl tho city of Manilla, and at the samo time a most terrific quaking of tho earth took place. It lasted scarcely a minute, but in that short space nearly the whole of fair Manilla has beon reduced to a heap of ruins. The a'oomination of desolation has taken possesion of hor palaces, her temples, and her dwelling-p'.acos, and death and cieitruction have ridden triumpbhriily .over the land. Wo believe that upwards of * thousand have been killed, and many thousands wounded, but it is impossible to say. or to estimate/ Scarcely an odifico has escaped 'without dead or wounded. The good priests, their choristers and sacristans, and the faithful who were hearing the vespers of Corpus Chriiti, have beon jnoarly all buried and suffocated under the ruins of tho cathedral, and other churches. Tho only church that has escaped wholly is St. Augustin, the same that withstood tho tremendous shock of 1645. The palace and nearly all tho public and private, as well as commercial edifices, have either been thrown down or shaken from their foundations. Thank God, not a single foreigner has been killed, but two, we hear, have been seriously hurt, though not danger ously. The Rodriguez property, left to the British nation, and where tho British Consulate was, has been entiroly destroyed, and is nothing but a mass of ruins, .We must felicitate Spain'on tho conduct of her subjects here of all classes ; during this great and sudden trial they acted admirably. The Go vernor-General and tho Archbishop set a brilliant example, which has bten copied nearly by all, of calmness, fortitude, resignation, and cnergetio sym pathy. The city is deserted nearly, for the edifices threaten to fall suddenly, and there may be (though Heaven forfend it) a repetition. Before tho earth quake took place, sulphurous odours wcr* perceived, rumbling like the firing of ordnance, a*d then like tho approach,of an immense locomotive and train. Tho flame that surrounded the city was seen from the Bay to ascend towards the sky; and another, a triple snaked one, came from the land over the water to tho shipping, and threw them up at least two or 'three feet ; whil# on slioro tho earth has everywhere sunk at least two feet God help us ! we are all sick and nervous, and require all our faith and confidence to sustain us. Details next mail. Adiau." . SIR C. DARI.IXG'B PRIVATII SKCRKTARY.-We (Herald) understand that Mr. H. Lionel Warde has been appointed private secretary to his Excel lency. Sir C. Darling, K.C.B. ; THK MURDIR or CONSTAIILE O'BOYM.-The Gcelong correspondent of the Argus says that the alleged' murderer, - Murphy, of Con,stable O'Boyle, at Warrnambool, was brought up by the couch to Geelong on Wednesday night, and safely lodged in gaol, to await his trial. TIIB SUDDEN DEATH of a poor girl employed by one of the Court milliners has evoked an out burst of public indignation against the long hours, crowded workrooms, and stifling sleeping black holes of those establishments. Lord Shaftesbury ' demands immediate - legislative interference, and large body of the public echo the cry; but of course the thing Would be intolerable in the esti mation of others. THE ANGI.O-AUSTRAI-IAN EI.ITVKX selected by Parr appears to meet with the unanimous ap proval of cricketing authorities in the mother country. The sporting press teems with assertions that the Eleven will be the most ^brilliant band ever brought together in the field, and it seems to be recognised that no second team which could be' formed at home, would hare a chance with them. County interest appears to be as lively in England as crer; and it is noted with satisfaction that Parr has not confined himself to any particular district, but has taken the; acknowledged cham pions .of each cricketing shire. Nottingham is represented by. Parr, Tinlcy, and Jackson ; Sur rey by Lockyer, Caffyn, and J. Ciesar; Cam bridge by Tarrant, Ilayward, and Carpenter; Yorkshire by G. Anderson ; Kent by Willshire ; and the list is completed by the name of Mr. E. M. Grace, the gentleman player whose feats with both , bat and ball, were last seasonV woiider. Argll.l.. , i ;;RKSIGNATIO*! OP AVOLUNTEHR. CAPTAIN.-WC: nnderstand, says the Ballarat Star, that Mr. W. C. Smith has.sent in his resignation /as, cap tain of the Rifle Rangers to Major Wallace. No reason has been assignedun the communication for taking the steps ; but having been present at the Com manding Officer's parade on. Wednesday evening, wc happen to know the cause that has led to it. The major, had formed the corps into divisions, and shouted out for Captain Smith, to take charge of No. 1 Company. The captain had retired to the orderly room, and finding that he, was absent the major sent for him,.and on Captain Smith ap.-, pearing on parade, Major Wallace said, ." Captain Smith, you had no right to leave -your company without leave; ncTer do so again." Captain Smith; then ; retired to the orderly room after saying something to tho major, the purport of which we did not catch, and this,, it appears, is the cause.of the resignation.-, ' ' ; . ; : ,."GIIOST" IN PARIS.-A Paris lector ssiys ::-" We arc promised, a, sensation drama; Ze Stcrel He Miss Aurora .is about to be produced at the Theatre du .ChAtelet., In addition to the imost magnificent scenery, dresses, and decora tions,;the..Polytechnic invention for the" produc tion of ghosts has been puichased by the manager, for 20,000 francs, and Mr. Popper is now in Parisj' superintending' his work. No less than three ' departed spirits' are to make their rentrec in the new drama, and are ' to come like spirits'-and having, says the advertisement, 1 walked, acted, and talked'-' so depart.'" 