PORT ELLIOT. [From our own Correspondent.] June 23. The late heavy rains have had a most beneficial influence on the young crops, and they are looking Very promising, but unfortunately there are a good many who have rant yet finished seeding-indeed the whole district is later than tmul—and tbej conse quence will be a late harrest; let as hope it will be a prolific and remaneratiire one. Hie bridges over the riven Inman and Hjndmanh are now almost oampleted, and vSL be ready for opening ia about ten days or a fortnight; tfae latter bridge is said to be one of the finest strnctares in the colony, and reflects tfae greatest credit on the designer (Ux. Sogen) and the contractor (Vtr. Gouge.) So unnecessary time should be lost in opening them for traffic, as it is very dangeroat crossing the rivets in the winter time. We expect to have a grand gala day when, they are opened. I regret I cannot speak ao favorably of the progress of the tramway or jetty ; frome eotne unexplained esose both are now at a stand. The tramway ia waiting the retain of Mr. Rogers from Adelaide. The mining venture at Encounter Bay seems to be progressing favorably; the lode has been struck, and some fine specimens have been brought to light ; the proprietors fed confident as to the resnlts. Our usually quiet township was enlivened on Saturday lost by the opening of an aaction mot, where a variety of sundries were sold. The pro prietor (being bis own bellman on the occasion) walked through the streets with a huge bell in bis hand, and with stentorian longs annoanced (he salt was tbaut to camajanca. Among the tniueement? held forth to the public were luctfer —?-*-*??— in original hoses, oat of which none had been token for private use thereby insuring the buyer the full quan tity of the aforesaid article ; and genuine tobacco, which could be sold cheap in consequence of having paid do doty. I regret to add that his efforts or bit logic did pot seem to reward him for hie trouble. Considerable interest seems to be manifested m the approaching elections for District Coanct?on in this ward, and two or three names have been menbkraed aa likely to contest for the honor. The members of the Episcopal Church here anti cipate a great treat next week. The Bev. Canon Rassell is to give his celebrated lecture on " Ghosts;"* land whether his idea of the supernatural may be realised or otherwise, there is ao doubt but a pleasant and instructive evening will be spent; as I perceive in addition to the lecture tome rery eKcefttnt music—both vocal and instrumental—is provided, as well as some favorite recitations. We are also to be favored with a sermon (com the rev. gentleman in our church the Sunday following. The Rev. Francis Williams is to officiate next Sunday. The proceeds are to be devoted to the completion of tfae interior of the church. As AvtTASu Position. —A letter from Stutx gardt ?aye: —"One night a destructive fire broke out in a houae adjoining our Zoological Garden. It was a horrible spectacle to see tfae Any of the i animate, terified by the eight of the fire, and by the extreme heat Nothing could exceed the rage of the ferocious inmates of tbe garden, particularly of the lions and bears, and, ia order to calm them, die keeper* were obliged to be constantly deluging ' them with cold water. Tbe military authorities sent a, detachment of riflemen to fire on the animals in case it should be found impoeslbla to ,a*ve them. Fortunately that extremity wa* not * found, pecessary, as the fee w*j 