. BISHOP COLENSO ON THE PENTATEUCH. Tie Pentateuch and Book of Joshua, critically examined. ;Bj tbe Bight Rev. John William Colenso, D.D., 'Bishop of Natal. London: Longman and Co. 1862. (From the Christian Observer) Thebe i» an important note added to the new edition of Mr. Birks' volume,* on ' The Human Element in Scripture ; ' from which we shall copy a few sen tence*. It is Mr. Birks' object to insist on ' the im pertsnce of recognising fully ' this element, -without which we have, in reality, no testimony of men like ourselves tothe historical truth of the Old and New Testament. It is one great fact, that throughout the whole Bible, in every part, God speaks to us. It is another great fact, that throughout the whole and ia every pert, men like ourselves speak to us, and bear tatimony to the things, the words, and actions, on which our salvation depends. The first of these facts natures us that the Bible is all true. The second appiistB us that, mingled with its Divine attribute of truth, there will always be the human attribute of sir ability, and even of tmiil error. We must take the two tot'tthfr; just as, in the person of the living Word of God, Christ Jesus, we had at once the Mighty God, the Creator. He who ' is before all things, and by whom all things consist;' and yet, a poor little infant in a a manger — a child learning his lesson*, and finally, a man who was wearied, hungry, athirst, who groaned, and wept, and died. Coleridge was unable to grasp this double truth ; and so he shrank from making David and Moses ' mere organ pipes ' through which an Invisible Spirit ' discoursed celestial muaic,' he went to the other extreme, and desired to regard their books as mere human writings, except in those passages in which it was distinctly recorded that ' God said,' &c.;, &c.; But Coleridge was wrong, both in what he assumed to be the usual theory of Inspiration, and in what he tried to substitute for it. The sacred writers are, to use Archbishop Usher's illustration, ' God's secretaries.' He leaves them real men, capable of giving honest and re liable testimony, like any other men ; but He carefully watches over them, so thit not one untrue or improper word shall be given forth in His name. When an earthly sovereign desires his secre tary to write a letter in his name, will he not take care that the letter, when written, shall faithfully ex press his meaning ? Yet there may be one or two im material inaccuracies in the document, of which he does not care to take notice. Thus, to return to the Bible, Matthew and Mark tell us, that the women at the sepulchre - saw an angel ; while Luke and John, with equal cxplicitness, state that there were two. 'Why were these discrepancies permitted ? Most as suredly, because if the four evangelists had been di vinely overruled to describe every event with precisely the same particulars, we should have had no four human witnesses at all, but four 'organ-pipes' through which one Divine Spirit played one and the came tune. Thus writes Mr. Birks :— 'In the history of our blessed Lord four testimonies have been provided ; and though each is distinct, they have been closely woven together into one seamless robe of historical truth. One evident purpose, ful filled by thin peculiar structure of the narrative, is to secure, by the concurrence of four human witnesses, so strong and clear a proof of reality in the Divine '' portraiture, as to force conviction upon'every thought lul and candid mind. To neglect the human author ship in this case, is thus to run counter to the plain design of the Holy Spirit, in choosing this particular form for the message. It turns the pledgee of truth find sincerity, in the voice of the four Evangelists, into stumbling-blocks and paradoxes; and robs the Gospel of one main clement in their moral power,' (pp. 479, 480.) Of that which forms the topic of Bishop Colenso's volume, Mr. Birks thus speaks : — ' The Pentateuch is the first main portion of the sacred history, — the basement or pedestal on which all the later books repose. The human clement, in tbe doctrine of ts inspiration, consist* in its being the genuine work of Moses ; the Divine, in its being a real gift from the Spirit of God, and composed under His heavenly teaching and guidance. Experience and reason prove alike that these two elements are so closely united, as to be virtually inseparable. Once deny the Mosaic authorship, and the strongest pledge for the Divine authority of the book disappears, and is replaced by a presumption of its merely human character ; and indeed that it is nothing better than sv skilful and 'successful forgery. How can we pos sibly believe that a series of Divine messages have begun with an open fraud on the credulity of man kind?.... The genuineness of the Pentateuch, the human element in its composition, is thus the logical starting puint, by which alone we are guided into an apprehension ofits true character, as the word of the living God, the 'pure and holy fountain-head of all later revelations to mankind.' (p. 479.) Bishop Colenso admits his inability, resembling that of Coleridge, to grasp this double truth. He says:— ' God i- my witness ! what hours of wretchedness have I spent at times, while reading the Bible de voutly from day to day, and reverencing every word of it as the Word of God, when petty contradictions met me, which seemed to my reason to conflict with the notion of the absolute historical veracity of every part of Scripture, and which, as I felt, in the study of any other book, we should honestly treat as errors or misstatements, without in the least detracting from the real value of the book ! But, in those days, I was taught that it was my duty to fling the suggestion from me at once, ' as if it were a loaded shell, shot into the fortress of my soul,' or to stamp out desperately, as with an iron heel, each spark of honest doubt which God's own gift, the love of truth, had kindled in my bosom. . And by many a painful effort I succeeded in doing so for a season.' (p. 6.) i But where was the occasion for all this 'wretch- edness ' and ' desperation ?' Had he but honestly and thoughtfully adopted Archbishop Ussher's view, every real difficulty would have quickly disappeared. . Mat- thew and Mark, inspired and caused to write their two gospels, honestly said that which they believed — that tbe women saw an angel at the sepulchre. ; This .-was truth from their pens, and it was also true in fact. ' Luke and John, with equal sincerity, wrote that the women saw two angels. And this also was a fact. 1 ? ; How frequently, in common life, do we see two per sons, or two things, at one moment, and only one per son or thing, In the same place, a few moments after ! This sort of discrepancy is an inseparable feature in , human testimony. In our own history, we find three of the chief actors or cotemporaries giving three differ ent dates for such an event as the raising of King' 1 'Charles's standard at Nottingham; while the king's own private secretary gives a wrong date, by a whole month, for Charles's departure from Oxford. And if ' four men had witnessed the murder of Mr. Perceval in the House of Commons, and had, separately and apart, written four narratives of the occurrence, there would have been like discrepancies, and yet probably no untruth. This is universally found to be the case. Wo see, as a fact, that it did not seem good unto the Holy Ghost to exclude all such immaterial discre pancies from the Gospels. And we may easily discern, as a probable reason, what would have been the in evitable result of making all the four Gospels alike in every particular. Men would have reasonably ob jected that never, since books and writing were known, had four independent witnesses been found to give . precisely the some account of any transaction. This narrative, therefore, they would have -argued, or rather, these four narratives, all so marvellously alike, were evidently concocted,— the whole was a concerted story, and the pretence of four genuine and separate ' witnesses was a fiction and a fraud. For want of accurate ideas, therefore, of the nature and boundaries of inspiration — in short, for want of theo logical knowledge — did Bishop Colenso venture into the field of sceptical criticism without tbe needed armour, and he soon received some fearful wounds. But we cannot stop to go into his personal history ; his forty-eight pages of preface and introduction must be passed over without further remark : for the sub etence of his book consists of about 130 pages of ' in superable difficulties,' designed to lead the reader to conclude, first, that the Pentateuch was never written by Moses ; and, secondly, thai it is in many parts un true, and, as a whole, a monstrous and incredible fable ! To these 130 pages we must now address our selves i for if they should prove to be worthless, then the 'prefatery' and 'concluding' remarks can have no kind of value or importance. . The Bishop's theses, then, arc these two: 'That the Pentateuch, as a whole, cannot poesibly have been written by Moses, or by any one acquainted personally with the facts which it professes to describe ;' and secondly, 'that the so-called Mosaic narrative, by whomsoever written, cannot be regarded as histori cally true.' (p. 8.) Let us see, then, what are the criticisms by which he hopes to establish these two fearful charges. 1\. That with which he opens his attack, astonishes us by its narrowness of view, and its carping spirit. It turns upon this verse, in the account of the migra tion of Jacob's family into Egypt :— 'And the torn of Judah, Er, and Onan, and Shelah, cndPhareZfOnd Zarah; but Er and Onan died in the * The Bible and Modern Thought, By the Rev. T, B, Birks, land of Canaan; and the sons of Pharez. Hezron, and Hamul.' (Gen. xlvi. 12.)» Bishop Colenso then sets to work to prove, that Hezron and Hamul could not have been born at the time of the migration : and hence, that the whole nar rative is untrue, and unhistorical. Docs he deal with other historians after this fashion i Is there nothing in Herodotus or Xenophon but exact, literal truth ? Or. when he finds an incorrect statement in these writers, does he throw their works aside, as ' not his torical, because not true ?' If so, then he can have no history at all, and is in perfect darkness as to all the past. ' Aye, but we are dealing with 'inspired writings' now, and have a right to loik for absolute truth.' Has Bishop Colcnso never considered the question of inspiration in its various bearings? Doe s he not know that no writer of any authority supposes that the Holy Spirit inspired men with the knowledge of the commonest facts, or of things which passed under their own observation ? Scott's definition of inspira tion runs thus : — ' Such a complete and immediate comamnicat'on, by the Holy Spirit, to the minds of the sacred writers, of tliose things which could not otherwise fiaee been known; and such an effectual superintendency, us to those particulars concerning wliich they migh: other wise obtain information, as sufficed absolutely to pre serve them from every degree of error in all things which could in the least degree affect any of the doc trines or precepts contained in their writings.' Tin's distinction is obvious, reasonable, and import ant. For instance : The details of tbe creation of the world would, in all probability, be immediately im parted by the Creator to the mind of Moses ; for these were events which ocenrred when no human being was present to record them. But when Moses himself had a conference with Pharoah, he would be able to describe what had passed without any special aid from the Holy Spirit. And when we meet with eenealogits and family-lists, such as this in Genesis xlvi,, and in Chronicler, and in Matthew i. and Like iii , the most rational supposition is, that they were copied from the public records then extant. This list then, in Genesis xlvi., was not given by Moses on his own personal knowledge ; for it con cerned an event which happened long before his time. It was not given to him by ' an immediate communi cation from the Holy Spirit ;' for, had it been so, it would have been peifctt, and liable to no criticism. It was, there can be no doubt, an old record, written in Jacob's or Joseph's days, and handed down to the times of Moses. It could not have been written in the year of the migration, for it (probably) contains the names of some who were not then born. Or, perhap3, we may say, that it might have been written at that time, and have received additions and corrections afterwards. Thus the verse before us may have stood at first : 'And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah : but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan.' And subsequently, the brief sentence may have been added : ' And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.' In this form the document would come into the hands of Moses, and thus would it be transferred into his history. We ought not to forget, however, that there is another solution of the whole difficulty. In Genesis xxvi. 34, we learn that Esau (twin with Jacob) was forty years old when he took to wife tbe Hittites* daughter. This gave Rebekah the excuse for seeding Jacob away. (Gen. xxvii. 46.) Hence, if he reached Laban's house in his forty-first year, and was married to Leah and Rachel in his forty-eighth, there would remain a period of more than eighty years before his going down to Egypt, when he was 130 years of age. (Gen. xlviii. S.) In this interim, there was abundance of time for Judah's birth and marriage, the death of Er and Onan, the birth of Phara, and his marriage, and the birth of Hezron and Hamul. it seems strange that this very obvious solution should never have occurred to Bishop Colenso; but we can not see that he even alludes to it.+ Bishop Colenso, however, demands, even in matters of this kind, perfect, accuracy, and absolute certainty. In other words, he loses sight altogether oi the human element ; or forgets that, wherever man is found at work, there error will invariably be found to accom pany him. Is the Bible, then, full of errors ? No, not full ; but in several places, such as that before us, and in the accounts of the Resurrection, and in the accounts of Judas's death, discrepancies have been pointed out. Those discrepancies, however, concern no doctrine, or precept, or important tact. What, for instance, can be more immaterial than the question now before us, — whether Hezron and Hamul were born before the migration, or a few years after ? Or what matters it, whether one- angel, or two, appeared to the women ? Or what importance is it, whether Judas died of simple strangulation, or whether the rope broke, and he fell, and burst asunder in the fall ? But Bishop Colenso, after this most weak and futile commencement, plunges into his own peculiar element, and favours us with a series of arithmetical problems. These, at first, interest us by their novelty ; but we soon find them altogether vain and nugatory, and then they grow inexpressibly tiresome. 2\. The first of these is as petty as the contention about Hezron and Hamul ; but it is far more prepos terous. Bishop Colenso finds repeated commands in Exodus and Numbers, that ' the whole congregation' shall appear before the door of the Tabernacle, or 'before the Lord.' He takes out his pencil, and begins to calculate. The whole width of the Taber nacle was eighteen feet; therefore he argues, that, ' allowing two feet in width for each full-grown man, nine men could just have stood in front of it.' And thus 'the whole congregation, in ranks of nine each, allowing eighteen inches between each rank, would have reached a distance of more than 100,000 feet, — in fact, nearly twenty miles !'' (p. 33.) And hence he concludes, that ' it is inconceivable how, under such circumstances, the whole congregation could have been summoned to, attend at the door of the Taber nacle, by the express cemmand of Almighty God.' (p. 34.) Not more 'inconceivable' than a grown man, who has hitherto been supposed to have an average know ledge of ordinary affairs, should complacently print and publish such trash as this ! The first thought that will occur to most leaders is, Where can this writer have been living, that he should be so utterly in the dark as to the commonest usages of mankind; Matthew of Westminster tells us, that in a.d. 1297, tbe king being involved in two 'wars, and finding it necessary to lay heavy burdens on the people, sum moned the people of London to meet him at West minster Hall, where he addressed them, and explained his position; Bishop Colenso might take out his pencil, demonstrate' that 60,000 or 100,000 people ? could not stand in, or in front of, Westminster Hall, and 60 prove that the story was ' inconceivable,' and that Matthew's chronicle was " unhistorical,'- i.e. ' untrue. 'But 'all common-place people could tell the Bishop, that such things occur in common life, every' year :— that 20,000 men are frequently summoned to meet in Guildhall, which could not admit one quarter of them. We allude to these cases merely to show that, among men, nothing is more common than to summon a vast multitude to a place, without expecting one-fifth of them to attend. We know, indeed, that the summons to appear before the Tabernacle was a summons to an infinitely more august and awful meet ing. But the Israelites were, often forgetful, un grateful, and rebellious. We will assume, however, that, on some occasions, great multitudes would gather round the Tabernacle. And, in such a view, we say that nothing could be more absurd than Bishop Colenso's idea, that they would stand in a close column, composed of tanks of nine men each, with eighteen inches' between each rank ! Has Bishop Colenso lived until the mid age of man, without having often beheld large assemblies of people ? At a county meeting, at a borough election, or before an attractive booth in a fair, large numbers will often congregate. But did any men ever behold, or did any rain befare Bishop Colenso ever dream of, such a thing as a vast assemblage of this kind drawn up in close column, nine men in a rank, with eighteen inches between each rank ? Such a notion seems to bespeak a man who has lived in a college-quadrangle all his days, and never saw real, living, every-day men and women. Practically, however, the objection comes to this :— That, because the people of Israel in the wilder ness were very numerous, tlurefore it is ' incon ceivable ' that God should have called upon them to appear before Him at any particular time or place. And, so stripped of the absurd details which Bishop Colenso has thrown around it, we believe that * It is rather unfortunate that Bishop Colenso's very first qno sation from Scripture should be a misquotation. The pusage, as it stends in all our Bibles, is this : ' And the son of Judah; Er and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah : but Er and Onan died in the land or Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.' Here the writer first sets down all Judah's sons. Then he cor rects himself by two after-thoughts : 1. That Er and Onan had died In Canaan : 2. That Pharez had two sons, who filled their \+ If Bishop Colenso had consulted Kennicott and Horsley, he might have found this position fully made out. Dr. Kennicott has shown, that the stay of Jacob In Padan-aram, often hastily sup posed to have been twenty years, from Gen. xxxL 41, must have been at least twice twenty years, to allow time for the transactions Soon, Mix., xxr. He enppo»e» Jacob to have been 61 at the time of his marriage, and not 77, as often supposed. But the real age may have been somewhat earlier. Thus, too, may we reconcile Gen,uii, 41 witlixxx.il. ninety- nine men out of every hundred would reply, that they saw nothing "inconceivable " in it. 3\. The next objection is only a duplicate of the last. That Moses should call the people atound him, and read to them all the words of the law, is said to be 'inconceivable,' because the people were so many. Yet men of all kinds, learned men, critical men, at well as humble and teachable men, have read these plain averments of the Penta'cuch for these many hundred years, and have found nothing inconceivable or incredible in them. 4\. Then comes the question of the extent of the camp, and the difficulty of carrying on the ordinary aflaitti of life, in a mass of people ' forming a move able city of twelve miles square.' But how is it that Bishop Colenso forgets that the passage of the Israel- ites is not the only instance upon record, of the march of an enormous mass of people ? Herodotus tells us, that the army of Xerxes consisted of 5,283,220 men. We do not hastily admit that statement ; but we do not charge Herodotus with falsehood. Mr. Grote says, that 'the disparaging remarks which it has drawn duwn upen Her, doiuf, ore in no way merited.' He adds, that ' we may well believe that the numbers of Xerxes' army were greater than were ewr assem bled in indent times, or perhaps at any known epoch.' Bishop Thirlwall takes the reduced estimate, of those who actually passed the Hellespont, at ' 1,700,000 /ont, pud 80,000 hortc ;' and addf, ' There seems no sufliuier.t ground for supposing that these estimates are greatly exaggerated.' But if Bishop Colenso had taken either ot these estimates as the basis for a series of arithmetical conundrums, he would easily have satisfied himself that the stories of Herodotus were ' unhistorical,' and perhaps wholly untrue ; and pro bably he would have gone on to say, as he has done in the case of the Pentateuch, that ' the book, as a whole, could not possibly have been written by Hero- dotus. or by any one acquainted personally with the facts which it ptofetsed to describe.' One other remark, made by Bishop Colenso, at the close of this sixth chapter, presents a sad proof of tbe cartlmeness with which many of his accusations have been penned. He copies Leviticus iv. 11, 12, a* com manding that ' the priest shall carry forth without the camp, the skin of the bullock, his head, his legs,' &c;, ' and burn him on the wood with fire.' He then adds, ' the offal of these sacrifices would have had to be carried by Aaron himself, or one of his sons, a distance of six miles.' 'The supposition involves an absurdity. But it is our duty to look plain facts in the face.' (p. 40.) Why, then, did not Bishop Colenso look this plain fact in the face? Why, before he built an objection on the narrow ground that 'he,' the priest, must carry forth the offal, did he not look, cither to the Hebrew or to the Septuagint ? In the Hebrew, us Mr. Joseph M'Caul has already reminded him, he would have found that the phrase 'carry forth' would have been more literally translated, ' cause to go forth,' i.e., get rid of, or send away. In the Septuagint he would have found, that while in verses 7, 8, 9, ' he,' the priest, is constantly epoken of— in v. II, 12, the translator changes it to ' they,' mean ing, obviously, the priest and his attendant!. And so the Bishop's supposed ' absurdity ' vanishes. He has found, in fact, what is vulgarly called ' a mare's nest.' 6, 6, 7. These next three objections ore given in chapters vii., viii., ix. They are all petty, and of no value. Bishop Colenso is astonished that the num bers of the people in Exodus xxxviii. and in Numbers i. should be the same. As if it were at all improbable that a census, once taken, should be kept, and used for calling over tbe people six months afterwards ; the difference, probably, being too ineignificent to be noticed. Then comes an objection to the statement, that the children of Israel ' dwelt in tents.' Bishop Colento finds that 200,000 writs would have been necessary, and then asks, ' How did they acquire these?'' It has been replied, that most travellers in the East could inform Bishop Colenso, that even now, the common Arab tent, for a whole family, consists of little more than a long shawl, stretched over a few sticks. The third objection is, that the children of Israel are said to have been ' armed ;' where did they get all these arms ? Now, premising that a statement that a body of men were armed, and dwelt in tents would never be taken to imply that every man had his sword, and shield, and javelin, and his own tent, we simply send Bishop Colenso back once more to the case of Xerxes. 1,700,000 Bwords and spears, and 80,000 hoises, would prove more perplexing than even the tents and arms of the Israelites? But really this tort of hole-picking is wretched work. 8\. The tenth chapter is given to the Passover, and the eleventh to the march out of Egypt. In bath, ' in credibility ' is the charge. But why more in credible than five hundred other statements, both in the Old and in the New Testament; or than a thou sand ether facts which we read in history ? Even in the chronicles of our own little island, we read, that in 1297 King Edward I. sent over from the Nether lands a summons to his liegemen to meet him at York to proceed to Scotland to chastise Wallace. And we arc assured that, even in the short days of January, there assembled at York 100,000 foot soldiers, and 4000 horse. Now, remembering that York itself was only a town of less than 10,000 inhabitants, we might easily propose some of Bishop Colenso's questions : How were these 100,000 men and 4000 horses lodged, in the days of snow and frost ? Where did they find 20,000 tents ? Who provided them with food and drink, &c;, &c.; Yet we start none of these difficulties; but, finding the statement in credible writers of the very time, we accept it as being something near to the truth. 9\. Next we have a number of questions as to the maintenance of the children of Itrael in the desert. The answer to this part of the case is very simple, and very easy. Bishop Colenso proves, from divers travel lers, that the wilderness was a wilderness ; and he then argues that how vast numbers of sheep and oxen could be maintained in it, is inconceivable, and the fact itself incredible. We shall not qusrrel with his views of the matter any further than by observing, that those views are imperfect, and therefore untrue. He fiist forgets that the bordering countries, Moab, Midian, Edom, &c;, were then in a far more prospe rous condition than they have ever been in modern times. The change to their present sterility has been the reeult of the Divine judgments, denounced in Jer. Slyiii., Ezek. xxv.; xxxv., AmoB i, ii. ; and it forms bo inconsiderable element of the question. But hU main omission consists in resting all his calculations on a supposed ordinary state of things. The passage of the Israelites is never represented in Scripture as a customary or ordinary transaction, but as wholly supernatural. Throughout the whole of Moses' ad dress to the Israelites in Deuteronomy, this view of 'the case is constantly insisted on : 'He knoweth thy walking through this great wilderness; these forty years the Lord thy God hath been with thee'; than hast lacked nothing,' (Deut. ii. 7.) 'Thou shalt remember all the way which the Lord thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness. .'..[. Thy raiment vexed not old, neither did thy foot swell, these forty years.' (viii. 2 — 1.) ' I have led you forty years in the wilderness ; your clcthes are not waxen old upon you, and thy shoe is not waxen old upon thy foot. You have-not eaten bread, nor drunk wine ; .that ye might know that I am the Lord.' (xxix. 5,6.) Throughout Scripture the passage of the Israelites through the wilderness is spoken of as a wonderful' and a Divine work. The angel who accompanied the Israelites (Exod. xxiii. 20) web ' the Angel of the Covenant'; He who, when on earth, by one mo ment's volition, made five loaves a sufficient provision for five thousand men ; and, by a similar act of power, brought an hundred and fifty-three great fishes to 'the side of Peter's boat, where, previously, there was not one to be found. To measure the acts of such a .Being as this by human limits and human experience is the merest lolly. 10\. The next points— that the Israelites were almost too many for the promised land— is a palpable error, arising from neglect and oversight, The bishop looks only to the land which the Israelites, blamably, were satisfied with possessing. But the territory promiseJ to Abraham in Gen. xiv., extended 'from the river of Egypt, to the great river,— the river Euphrates.' That they neglected to occupy this large dominion, was their sin. (SeeJudges ii.) But it in no way affects the original promise. 11\. The next difficulty, like the last, is of the bishop's own making ; it exists not in the Pentateuch itself. In Exodus xiii., it is recorded that ' the Lord said unto Moses ... It shall be when the Lord shall bring thee into the land of the Cannanites ; . . . thou shalt set apart unto the Lord all that bpeneth the matrix . . .the males shall be the Lord's.' Thus, for a certain time, then future, all males that ' opened the matrix ' were to be set apart for the Lord's service. But, in the second year after they had come out of Egypt) lt pleased the Lord to make a new arrange ment. He took the tribe of Levi, in the place of the first-born of all Israel. This occasioned a numbering of each, — the tribe of Levi, and the first-born, — in order that that the exchange should be made quite equitable. But who were ' the first-bom ' that were then to be numbered ? Not the men who had been born fifty or seventy years before, but those who had been born since the giving of that law. Clearly, the enactment, which, at its first enunciation, looked forward, could not be otherwise read. On being numbered, the first-born of all Israel proved to be 22,273. This was among a population of about two millions. With this result Bishop Colenso quarrels, and from it he draws all kinds of absurd results ; such as that ' every mother of Israel must have had, on the average, forty-two sons ! '— Results which certainly do not flow from anything said by Moses. He tells us that, in London, the whole number of births in a year is 96,304. The population of London may be about the same as that of the whole camp of Israel. But the periodintbe caseof Itrael was not one year, but one year and a month, or two months, or more, added. If we take the whole number of binhs to have amounted to 110,000 or 120,000, and allow one-half to have been females, then we shall find that out of 60,000 male-births, more than 22,000 were the first-births of their mothers. And hence the only practical result at which we arrive is this : that in the joy of their deliverance a large number of the young people of Israel had married. This is the only solid result of Bishop's Colenso's inquiry, and we find nothing sur prising in it. As to his wonderful supposition, that 'every mother in Israel must have had forty-two sons,' it is simp'y absurd. It rests on no basis what ever. Yet he concludes this chapter with the cool remark that, 'By this time, surely, great doubts must have arisen in the minds of most readers as to the historical veracity of sundry portions of the Penta teuch ! ' 12\. But this last piece of arithmetical criticism introduces us to a large and substantial question, at which we rejoice. For in truth, we are getting weary of Bishop Colenso's arithmetical problems, and are glad to come, at last, to a question of some breadth and substance. At the close of the chapter on the first-born, be adds, that his reader's doubts as to the veracity of the Pentateuch 'will be confirmed into a ceitain conviction, by its appearing plainly, from tbe data of the Pentateuch itself, that there could not have been any such population as this, to come out of Egypt,— in other words, that the children of Israel, at the time of the Exodus, could not, if only we attend to the distinct statements of the narrative, have amounted to two millions ; that, in fict, the whole body of warriors ceuld not have been two thousand.' (p. 80.) We say, that we rejoice to come to a plain, broad issue like this ; for the Bishop's success or failure on this point, may fairly be considered as a test or token of the value of his whole book. lie rests, be it ob served, on ' the data of the Pentateuch itself,' to show that the whole story of an exodus of 600,000 men, or of an aggregate of about two millions in all, is plainly incredible, and a mere fiction. Three chapters are devoted to this question, — the 16th, 16th, and 17th. Of these, the 15th. requires no notice, since it is devoted to a proof that the sojourn of the children of Israel is Egypt was 216 or er 215 years; with -which statement we do not quarrel. Having established this point, the Bishop next goes on to prove, in chap, xvi., ' that it is quite impossible that there should have been such a number of the people of Israel in Egypt at the time of the Exodus, as to have furnished 600,000 warriors in the prime of life, representing at least two millions of persons of all ages and sexes, — that is to say, it is impossible if we will take the data to be derived from the Penta teuch itself.' (p. 101.) And how does he establish this position ? By the most transparently fallacious course. He selects a few cases to prove that from Jacob's migration to the Exodus was just four generations. He next assumes fifty-four males (from Gen. xlvi.) to be the root of the question ; — he allows to them each four and a half sons, and he thence finds that in Kohath's days ' there would be 54 males ; in Amram's, 243 ; in the time of Moses and Aaron, 1094 ; and in that of Joshua and Eleazer, 4923 ;— that is to say, instead of 600,000 warriors in the prime of life, there could not have been 5000.' (p. 103.) And thus, obviously, the books of Exodus and Numbers are not one whit more reliable than the ' Arabian Nights' Entertain ments ! ' It was this sort of way of using arithmetic which made a practical man once say in our hearing, ' Oh, I never care for figures ; — anything may be done with figures.' Let us observe how Bishop Colenso brings out this startling result. He begins by assuming a growth of four and a half sons to each married pair ; he then says, ' Let us suppose that they increased in this way from generation to generation.' He then allows but- four generations (an entirely fallacious supposi tion), and so brings out his result of 4923 males. Now, at page 26, he had himself said, — ' Benjamin, though called a ' youth,' was more than twenty-two years old, according te the story, at the time of Jacob's migration It is therefore quite possible that he may have had ten sons, perhaps by several wives.' Now, we do not agree with him in this conclusion. But it is his own, and he might as well have argued upon it as upon the cases of Levi and Reuben. ? He might have said, as he did in their cases : ' Let us suppose that they increased in this way from gene ration to generation.' The results would have been rather startling. If Benjamin, at twenty two, had ten sons, those ten sons, twenty three years after, might have had 100. . In the 46th year, the aggregate would have exceeded 1000 ; in the 69th, 10,000 ; in the 92nd, 100,000 ; in the 116th, 1,000,000 ; in the 138th, 10,000,000 ; and before the 216th year had arrived, they might have peopled the continent of Asia. Such is the absurdity of arguing from one, two, or half-a-dozen cases. The essential point in the Bishop's argument is, that there were only four generations in 215 years. He makes this out by selecting three or four cues of long, lived people. Levi lived to be 137 ; Kohath, his son, to be 133 ; Amram, to be 137 ; and Moses, at the date of the Exodus, wai eighty years of age; But Gosheu, generally, was not peopled with octogena rians. Why doeB the Bishop shut his eyes to other equally plain facts ? Joseph's two sons were born to him before the days of famine came. (Gen. xli. 50.) It was in the second year of famine that Jacob went down to Egypt. Ephraim had been born when Joseph was about 35, and the 215 years begun when he was about 39. Ephraim would be about 21, when Joseph was 56 ; and Joseph lived to be 110. In these last 64 years of his life, three generations of children sprung from Ephraim. (Gen. 1. 23.) As 146 years, of the 215 years' sojourn, still remained et Joseph's death; and as 76. years had given him Ephraim, and three generations of Ephraim's children, what was the future prospect ? Clearly it was, that (to use Bishop Colenso's words), 'supposing they increased in this way from generation to generation,' the number of generations between Joseph and the' Exodus would be ten or eleven— not four. And, in fact, in I Chron. vii. 22—27, we find a posi tive confirmation of this; as it is there stated, that Joshua's descent was thus traced : — ' Joshua, the son of Nun, the son of Eliehama, the son of Ammihud, the son of Laadan, the eon of Tahan, the son of Telah, the son of Rephah, the son of Beriah, the son of Ephraim.' But this genealogy, since it opposes the bishop's.' five or fix selected cases, he ' dismisses, as most pro bably erroneous, and at all events as of no importance whatever.' (p. 100.) The sad truth is, that Bishop Colenso seems unable to see, or to recognise, any fact except such as may serve his purpose. He finds five or six cases, in which men, living long, married late in life, and had few children. In these cases, four names bridge over the whole period of 215 years. But the cases of Benjamin, with his ten sons, born (the bishop thinks) before their father was two-and-twenty, and of Joseph, who saw four generations in his own household, by the time 75 years out. of the 215 had expired, are fatal to the whole theory. We are told, also, both in Genesis and Exodus, that the children of Israel ' grew and multi plied exceedingly.' (Gen. xlvij. 27; Exod. i. 7.) But this would be impossible with a people having only four generations in 215 years, and having only four and a half sons in each family. A very important circumstance in the case, but one which Bishop Colenso drops wholly out of view, is, that at this very period a change was taking place, both in the duration of man's life, and also in the usual period of marriage. Abraham lived 176 years, Isaac 180, and Jacob 117. But Moses, in the 90th Psalm, says, ' The days of our years are threescore and ten,' or perhaps fourscore. And this shortening of life led to earlier marriages. Isaac' married at forty, Esau at forty, Jacob still later in life. But Bishop Colenso believes that Jacob's youngest son had ten sons by the time he was two-and-twenty, and he cannot avoid seeing that Ephraim, Joseph's youngest son, had children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, in little more than fifty years. Yet this great change is entirely left out of view in his calculations. The truth is, — and Bishop Colenso ought to have recognised it,— that no approach to certainty can be mode in these matters by merely picking out a few isolated cases, and building up a system upon results so obtained. The laws of human increase have been investigated, and we have the ascertained facts, with the general principles deducible from them, in many treatises of established reputation. From one of the best known of all these, we take the following sum mary of ascertained results :— 'In the Northern States of America, where the means of subsistence have been ample, . . . the population has been found to double itself, for above a century and a halt successively, in Icsb than twenty five years. . . In the back settlements, -where the sole employment is agriculture, and where vicious customs and unwholesome occupations are little known, the population has been found to double itself in fifteen year;. , . . According to a table of Euler, calculated on a mortality of 1 in 36, if the births be to the deaths in the proportion of 3 to 1, the period of doubling will be only twelve years and four filths.'* We are not bound to accept Mr. Maltbus's extreme conclusions. We should ourselves demur to his sup posed 'doubling in twelve and four-fifths or fifteen years.' But remembering that we are distinctly told that God promised Jacob, ' I will there make thee a great nation,' and that He Himself took au interest in their rapid incrcsse (Exod. i.), we think it not at all an extravagant belief that their numbers doubled every eighteen or twenty year?. But with what figures should Bishop Colenso begin his arithmetical computation? He very absurdly drops out of view the females and the servants. In one place he really seems to believe, that almost all Jacob's grandchildren were sons ! Of the list given in Genesis xlvi., he says:- 'It is certain that the writer intends it to be understood that these seventy were the only persons , and these two the only females, who had at that time been born in the family of Jacob.' (p. 103.) This is one instance out of many, of the bishop's ignorance, or disregard of the ordi nary habits and customs of the East ; both as shown in the Bible, and in the writings of numberless tra vellers. From the first page of the Bible, the females of the patriarchal families are never mentioned, ex cept when it is needful to do so. And in the East, at this moment, as in all former times, to speak of a man's wife, or for a man himself to speak of his Wife, is universally regarded as indecent and improper, if it can be avoided. The Bible tells us nothing of Adam's daughters; yet the bishop, we suppose, would admit that Adam must have had daughters, if the world was to be peopled. So, we have a full list of the sons of Shem, Ham, and Japheth, but not a wcrd of any daughters, although the daughters were, undoubtedly, as numerous as the sons. Tbe came rule applies to the list of Jacob's grandchildren. One grand-daughter is named, and only one. Why her name was introduced, we cannot tell; doubtless for some reason which has dropped out of sight. But that Bishop Colenso should believe that eleven men in one family produced, by their eleven marriages, fifty-one sons and only one daughter, is only a splendid example of ' the credulity of scepticism.' Having denied to Jacob any granddaughters (except Seroh daughter of Asber), Bishop Colenso next ques tions his having had any servants, and gives eight rcasons at page 114,' for thinking that he went down to Egypt with his sons and grandsons, and not a single attendant. One ef these reasons if , that Joseph was sent alone to seek his brethren (Gen. xxxvii.), ergo, Jacob had no servants. But why did Bishop Coleruo forget Gen. xxviii., where Jacob is similarly Bent forth alone, although, in ' chap, xxvi., it is positively declared of Isaac, tnat ' he had great store of ser vant?.' The truth if, that Bishop Colenso can see nothing ua the Pentateuch except that which creates difficulties and leads to doubt. How could he over look, or forget, such passages as these ? — In Gen. xiv., Abraham arms his own servants, 318 in number, and pursues and defeats the four kings. In Gen. xxiii , the children of Heth say to him, ' Thou art a mighty prince among us.' In Gen. xxvi., Isaac, went forward, and grew till ' he became very great.' In Gen. xxx., Jacob 'increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maid-servants, and men- ser- vants, and camels and asses.' In Gen. xxxii., he sends to Esau to say, ' I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and men-servants, and women servants.' In Gen. xxxiv., two sons of Jacob storm and take a city, capturing all their wealth, their sheep and oxen, . their wives and children, and all their spoil. In Gen. xxxv., Jacob came to Luz, ' he and all the people that were with him.' Bishop Colenso must, at various times, have read all these passages. He sees also, at chap, xlvii , the plain words, 'Joseph nourished his father and his brethren, and all his father's household;' and yet, because in chap, xlvi, the names of only Jacob's own descendants are preserved, he casts into non-existence ' all tbe household,' and believes that Jacob and his sons came down into Egypt like a family of gipsies, each man with his ass, and with his children in the paniers. Verily, there are no bounds to the credulity of a sceptic ! But, to return to the question, What would bo a rational and consistent view of the numbers of Jacob's family and household when he went down to Egypt? We believe the following to be a low esti mate: We find Jacob attended by his eleven sons and fifty-one grandsons. In the lists of Adam's descend ants, and of Noah's, we similarly find only the sons particularized ; but we feel no doubt that the sons of Noah and the sons of Jacob had many daughters as well as many sons. We believe therefore that the children ana grandchildren of Jacob, who went with him into Egypt, were above one hundred in number, if the daughters are included. They probably amounted to about 110 or 120. For the 'men- servants and women-servants,' spoken of in Gen. xxxii., and for ' all the people that were with him.' alluded to in Gen, xxxv., we are willing to claim only three or four hundred, which is probably much' below the truth. We conclude, therefore, that the whole 'household of Jacob,' which, came into Egypt, amounted to at least five hundred persons, of all kinds, and of both sexes. And thus we have the first element for the computation of their after- increase. Five hundred persons, or thereabouts, went down into Egypt, and they would find there some addition in the household of Joseph. To all these ' the law of human increase' is to be applied. Mr. Malthus says, that men have sometimes doubled their numbers in fifteen years, or even in twelve or four- fifths. But we decline to adopt either of these extreme suppositions, snd are willing to reckon upon a doubling in the. longer period of eighteen years. . What will be the result of this sum;i.e, of a popula of 500, doubling every eighteen years, and numbered again at the end of 215 years ? Any one may take out his pencil, and in lees than one minute, find the answer. The doublings will be twelve, and the total will be at least 2,048,006. Where, then, is the 'impossibility,' which bishop Colenso so confidently asserts, 'that there should .have been such a number of the people of Israel in Egypt, at Ihe time of the Exodus, as to furnish '600,000 wan-ion, representing at least 2,000,000 of persons of all sexes and ages.' We take a moderate number at the starting- point ; we adopt a far lower rate of increase than Mr. Malthus allows ; and we have claimed nothing for the special promise of Jehovah, ' I will there make of thee a great nation.' ' And yet the total appears to be precisely correspon dent with the recorded fact. The supposed difficulty 'vanishes ; it was a chimera, and nothing more. 13\. The 20th and 21st chapters hand us back to more of the bishop's arithmetical problems ; and of these we have had quite enough. The priests and their duties constitute the chief topic. The priests had so many offerings to present, so many lambs or doves to kill or to eat ; and how could they possibly get through all this labour? Where could so many as 260 young pigeons daily be obtained ? Many of these questions and difficulties are merely the difficulties always raised by ignorance. All travellers tell us of the vast quantities of pigeons which come into the markets of Egypt; and Bewick, in his book on Natural History, observed, long ago, that a single pair of pigeons would multiply, in four years, into 14,672. ' It is certain, also, that in many places, the duties of the priests include the duties of the priests arid their assistants ; and this is a sufficient answer to' most of the bishop's queries and doubts. 14\. As one of the final objections, bishop Colenso exclaims : — ' How thankful we must be, that we are no longer obliged to believef as a matter of fact, the story related in Numbers xxxi., where we are told that a force of 12,000 Israelites slew all the males of the Midianites, took captive all the females arid chil dren, seized all their cattle and flocks, and burnt all their cities,' &c.; He then adds,— 'The tragedy of Cawnpore, where 300 were butchered, would sink to nothing, compared with such a massacre, if we were required to believe it.' Some one told Dr. Johnson that he did not know a certain thing, and that he was thankful he did not know it. The Doctor exclaimed, ' You are thankful for your ignorance, are you ? ' To which the angry disputant replied, 'Yes, sir, l am!' Well, then/' curtly replied the Doctor, ' you have a great deal to be thankful for.' How much scepticism and unbelief Bishop Colenso means to ' be thankful for,' we know not; but a little will be of small avail. For instance, what good will it do him to be thankful for his unbelief of Numbers xxzi:, if lie cannot disbelieve 2 Kings xix. } The wholesale slaving of 185,000 men in one night; was surely as terrible a ' massacre ' as that of Midian. * Malthus on Population. Vol. 1. p, 6, But we will suppose him to stretch his unbelief so far as to reject the books of Kings as well as the book of Moses. A much harder task is yet before him Does he believe that such a city as Jerusalem ever existed ?Does he believe that it was destroyed by Titus? Does he believe that eleven hundred thousand persons, men, women, and children, perished in this siege by the most horrible modes of destruction, and that all the survivors were sold into hopeless slavery ? Further, does he not know, that this dreadful visi tation was foreseen and foretold by Him who was the Divine personification of Unspeakable Love ? Does he not know that Jesus, foreseeing all this, could weep over the devoted city, but could not, or would not, spare it ? Does he doubt that all this vast ar immeasurable amount of human suffering and wretchedness was ordained of God, and executed by His special permission ? If he does not believe all this, we should deem it waste of time to argue with him. But if he is n. sceptical touching the deeds of Vespasian and Titus we should like to know what he gains by disbelieving the books of Kings, or the books of Moses. If I believe, that God showed himself a God of vengeance in the greater case, what do I gain by rejecting the thought in the smaller ? We have here got out of the bogs and swamps 'Colenso's Arithmetic,' and find ourselves on, the higher ground of morals and theology. We feel a re lief in so changing the atmosphere, and willingly confess that the only two points in the book which are worth a thought, are the old, well-trodden ques tions of the tolerance of slavery, and of the judgrntni poured forth on the Canaanites. We might, indeed content ourselves with reminding the bishop that both of these questions had been worn threadbare before he was born ; but we will not take refuge in such, a plea A few words on each of these two questions shall bring this article to a dose. It has pleased God to deal with mankind in the way of gradual improvement. When the children of Israel were separated from the rest of the nations as peculiar people, they were sent to the law, as to a schoolmaster, to be gradually advanced. At that time, slavery and polygamy were universal among mankind ; and our Lord has himself told us thatt it the treatment of wives, it was not attempted to brinf them back to the purity of the first days of Paradise 'Moses, because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives; but from the beginning it was not so.' (Matt. xix. 8.) The sjm might be said of slavery. Remembering how ' sm necked a people ' the Hebrews were, we can easil] understand how stubbornly they would have resisted a command to adhere, through life, to one wife, aoj to free all their daves. Hence, the Mosaic codeonl] commenced that improvement which the Gospel U carried foiward. And it is somewhat strange, tht] the very man who, in Natal, tried to draw back fiol the purity cf the Gospel into the greater licM of Judaism, now cries out, in the matter of slaver] against the old system as intolerable, when compare] with the new. Bishop Colenso desired to toletal polygamy in his diocese, following, in thismaitjl the custom of Israel in ancient days; but when rl finds in the laws of Moses a modified tolerance 1 slavery, hie moral sense Is revolted ! Let him carl visit to Virginia or Louisiana, and he may find cler gymen, and even bishops, who will be shocked at his lax ideas on the law of marriage, but who will stoutly maintain the excellence of the Mosaic slave laws An impartial man will see in all that Moses did,! great advance in the right direction. The wife ail the slave both received protection. The sbsoiul power exercised over slaves, even in civilised ni;i»J like Greece and Rome, was taken away. Tii;pml of punishment was left;— indeed, without it, slanil could scarcely exist ; but it was limited, and mj stealing was made a capital offence. In Jit u of M dignandy wondering that the Mosaic code went J further than this the bishop would have done ben to have compared the laws of Moses with those M other nations of ancient days, and to have ackas J ledged the important improvement. ? On the other and still larger question of God's M vemment of the world, we are happy to find ul Bishop Colenso is not one of the Baden Powell schools believing that all things happen by an unalterable law or destiny, and so reducing the Deity to a mere name He declares, again and again, his belief in a ' God Providence ' (pp. 149, 151), and his certainty that there is such a thing as a ' moral government of tge world.' This being so, the only question that remians is, whether there is any greater difficulty in the deal ings and operations of God, which are described in the Bible, than we find in the dealings and opetaticns of God in the world around us. Mr. Rogers has forci bly remarked that — ' He sends forth His pestilence, and produced horrors on which imagination dares not dwell ; horrfl not only physical, but indirectly moral ; ol'ttn trafl forming man into something like the fiend so nifl say he never can become. He sends His famine, iM thousands perish, — men and women, and the ibfl that knows not its right hand from its left, — in fri°lB ful agonies. He opens the mouth of a volcano, ifl buties the population of a city in torrent: of bursifl lava. Diseases, in infinite forms, in endless varieties of anguish, are racking and torturing myriad* ? human beings in all ages and countries ; appareiB without any reference to the moral worth or turpiw of those who suffer. All such phenomena in fl works and ways of God are, to all appearance, nolH opposed to our conceptions of equity and gooditfB than the so-called ' difficulties of Scripture. '' I If Dr. Colenso had taken the obvious course ofbH corning a theologian before he became a bithop, I would have made up his mind on these points l« before he went to Natal. He would have weijheiiH pondered the innumerable proofs which surround B on every side, of the benevolence of the Great Ciall He would then have tried to estimate the wondrfl fact that ' God SO loved the world, that He gave fl only-begotten Son, to the end that men should fl perish, but have everlasting life.' Against tisH might have placed the aforesaid ' dirEculiuH whether those connected with the overthrow of SoS and Gomorrah, the temptation of Abraham, the ? truction of the Canaanites, and the long-endafl punishment of Israel ; or those which Mr. Kogen'H pointed out, as existing in the ordinary govenvH of the world.' And unless he had differed hwm other moral philosophers deserving the namcB would have seen and admitted that the proofs of G« love are irrefragable and overwhelming ; while ? facts which we merely cannot understand, areisofl any degree comparable with the affirouH proofs. The fly perched upon the -W of St. Paul's, and trying to 4 out the architect's design, is only a faint ? semblance of a human being, striving to grasp, to S derstand, and to pats sentence upon, the justice ? benevolence of God's government of the UniveB Surely we overlook, oi neglect too much, the M leesons of the book 'of Job. That most ancient* wonderful s:ory w»s not handed. down to usrM to perpetuate the vain efforts of Job and hiaUB friends ' to find out God.' It is toli us in the plufl end most intelligible language :— ? 1\. That V God is the king of all the earth,'' ? ' His ejes behold, His eyelids try, the children* men.' ' ? 2\. That the powers of darkness, as well as the -»? of light ate all controlled by Him ; and tbat, am tense of an overruling permission, the prophet UM with truth and force, 'Shall there be evil ia the -m and the Lord hath not done it? (Amos iii. 6)» *«? thus enlarged in another Scripture,—' I ''iB light, and create darkness ; I make peace '''.ffl evil : I, the Lord, do all those things.' ' Pm xiv. 7.) ? 3\. That to 'bring good out of evil ' is HU p«W prerogative; and tbat in Job's case, tte V''TM «vil with good ;' just as He has promised W«« the end of time for all who follow in the sttpsoM 'All things shall work together for good to iWJ love God ; to them who are the called, acco«u»« His purpose.' . J What follows, then, but the final words ?*!*? the moderator, who interiMMEd between J°D, ,;,? friends ; and who, with the suffering patriarch.0;* him, thus concluded his argument;-' TpucWM Almighty, we cannot find turn out ; He ''^ijH in power, and in judgment, and in plenty of W M will not afflict.' Words which are exceedeOi m ever in fulness and power, by the great aposW M he exclaims, ' O, the depth of the riches, WJ wisdom and knowledge of God ; how f^M are His judgments, and His wBys past ^mM For of Him, and through Him, and to Him. »? things : to whom be el°rY i°r cveri Amcrij ? M ? Defence of the Eclipse of Faith, P- ^ I 