ODDFELLOWSHIP.—THE GOVERNOR's VlSIT TO WILLUNGA. Thursday, the 17th Decenihcr, was kept as a high festival in Wiliunga. The intimation that His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly would honour by his presence the opening of the new Oddfellows' all was hailed with delight by the people of the township and the residents around it. Early in the day liags were hoisted in dill'erent directions, and mare elaborate attempts at triumphal decora tion were made at the bridge entering the town ship, at the Oddfellows' Hall, and the Alma Hotel, which displayed an arch over the entrance of ever greens and roses of unusual size and rare beauty. The principal stores were also decorated with ilags and evergreens. An important ease—Sparge v. the District Council—had occupied the coca! Court the previous evening until 9 o'clock, when it was adjourned until S oil Thursday morning. The matter consumed so much time that the Speeial Magistrate, .Mr. H. J. Feake, was unable until the last moment to prepare an address to be presented by the Magistrate to His Excellency. Other bodies also delivered addresses of welcome to His Excellency, who in eaeli case returned suitable replies. His Excellency was not expected until 1 o'clock, but he arrived at 12 o'clock; and even at that time persons eager to welcome him gathered about the entrance of the township, and some rode oh" to meet and escort the viceregal cavalcade. His Excellency and party, which included the Hon. Chief Secretary, the lion. Treasurer, the Collector of Customs, and the Chief Inspector of l'oiica, proceeded to the Bush lun, where several gentle men of the district were introduced to Sir Domiuick Daly. At 2 o'clock the Wiliunga Volunteers were drawn lip opposite to the Bush Hotel, and the procession started for the Oddfellows' Hall in the following order:—Volunteers bearing the liag of the Wil langa Company; bearers with the great banner of the -M-17- District; His Excellency, Sir. Colton, ALP., and Mr. G. Hamilton ; the Hon. Mr. Avers and the Kev. E. K. Miller; the Treasurer and the Collector of Customs ; the Wiliunga Lodge of Oddfellows, two and two. in full regalia. Arrived at the new Hall, the banner was placed at the entrance, and His Excellency and suite ascended the steps. TUB ADDRESS. Mr. Martin, Chairman of the District Council, read and presented the following address;— "To His Excellency Sir Dominiek Daly, Knight, Governor-) n-Ghief of South Australia, and Vice-Admiral of the same. "The District Gouncil of Wiliunga, on behalf of their constituents, have great pleasure this day in welcomiug your Excellency for the first time to this township. "Although we cannot boast of a rich mineral district where * wicked wealth is digged up,' yet, as agriculturists, we think we justly claim a con siderable quota iu the production of those necessa ries indispensable to our existence; and in conse quence, therefore, to share with our fellow-colo nists iu the ea'.oghtm awarded to Soutir Australia at 'The World's Great Show' of producing the finest wheat in the worhl "We wish more particularly at this time to express through your Excellency our uudeviating loyalty to our beloved and Most Gracious Queen, whose virtues we trust may be imitated by ami handed down to our great nation's posterity by Her Majesty's illustrious family. " l'ermit us also on this occasion to indicate our appreciation of the great boon and free institution, the 'District Councils Act,' assuring jour Excel lency that- it has worked admirably, and that in its operations it is proved to be weil adapted to meet the requirements of our colony, it having already been productive of much good to this our new and free country. "We beg also to convey oar high appreciation of your Excellency's able qualities, as Her Ma jesty's representative in this province, and trust you may be long spared to continue that govern ment you have so successfully begun. " Signed on behalf of the District Council and District of Wiliunga. "Thomas Martin, Chairman. "Wiliunga, December 17, lStiU." His Excellency said — I thank you very sincerely for the warm reception given to me upon this the lirst occasion of my visiting your beautiful district, I had promised mvself this pleasure up m a former occasion, but I was com pelled to forego it, and relinquish for the time my intention to pay you a visit. I had heard much of the beauty of your district, but from what 1 have seen this day I can say that it has not been exaggerated, ft is true that I have seen it under circumstances most favourable, whether we con sider the richness of the cr ips now ready to be gathered, or the beauty of the weather with which we are favoured. I thank you especially for the thoroughly loyal expressions contained in your address. It is my great satisfaction, on all such occasions as the present, to receive similar assu rances from the people in every portion of the colony to which my visits have extended. I am happy to believe that this feeling will be as durable as it is now general" You have been pleased to express your approbation of the course pursued by me iu tlie government of this colony, it is very gratifying to me to receive this assurance of approbation from an intelligent puriion of the community near enough to the centre of action to be really well acquainted with the manner in which the Government is con ducted. You are, I am happy to hear, satisfied .with the working of your Municipal institutions, and that to me is an additional proof of your in telligence. it has been my lot to assist in the introduction of such institutions into a British colony very far awaj and many years ago, and in no instance have they produced discontent where they have been honestly carried oat. Let the spirit of party be overcome and jobbery avoided, and such institutions produce unmixed good. 1 am pleased to liad that you know their utility and work them to the general advantage, as any honest and intelligent community can work them. They hare another advantage. They are the nurseries from whence the Par liament must be replenished. When the age of tills colony is considered, it must ire ad mitted that it has made great advances, and it is impossible to predict the limits of its future progress. You have ample room to employ profit ably tvves'.v times your present pop-matron, ami I hope 1 tliail hear ho more of tne stupid outcry against immigration. There is no country in the world where immigration can produce such great, immediate, and permanent benefit. I trust that 1 shall be able to pay many future visits to your His Excellency's reply. The officers of the VYillnnga Lodge approached, when 1*. G. Grafter read and presented the follow ing address:— " To His Excellence- Sir Dominiek D.iiy, Knight, Governer-bi-Chief of the Colony of South Aus tralia, Ac,, Ac. "Tlie officers and members of the Loyal Wil iunga Lodge of Oddfellows present themselves before j our Excellencj- with the deepest sense of j-our condescension and kindness in accepting their invitation to the opening of their Hall. " The happiness and good order of a people are much promoted by the example which, iu social and domestic life, their rulers show them. The like blessings we invoke on cur gracious Queen and tbe lloyal Family, we most cordially pray wiil descend on yourself, Lady Daly, and family ; for the people you govern see with pleasure the silken cords of love and affection which bind you to each other. " Tlie endearments of home, the kindred ties of husband and wife, father and child, are largely promoted i>y laeans of our extensive Society, a branch of which is now before you By its almost universal kistruuientalily many of every country and dcnominatiouaie aided in the painfui passages of life—in sickness and bereavement. " The fast increasing numbers of our Order here render greater accommodation necessary. To meet this the building, the opening of which we tliis day inaugurate, has been erected. Joyfully, then, do we hail j our presence here on tills aus picious occasion, feeling that iu the bosom of your Excellency beats a heart responsive to the sorrows and troubles of humanity. '"Welcome, then: thrice welcome to Wiliunga! ! Maj' its circling hills and sunlit slopes recur to j-ou with pleasure for-many a future year; and may we, your people, have in store a repetition of your visit, which at this moaieut confers such a general and heaitfclt satisfaction. "Signed on behalf of the Lodge. "lirehard Chatter. "James Hughes. " -Joqx Hardy. "John Allen. "Each. Williams." | His Excellency—I beg to assure you that I receive this address with very great pleasure. I liave had great pleasure in responding to jour invitation upon tliis occasion; but this is not the first time that I have met Oddfellows. 1 under- ] stand your institution weil. I have had annortu- ' nities to see its working in various parts'df the j world. I know the principles which govern it 110 ! weil not to be prepared to appreciate your bcuevo- j lent actions, and to feci pride iu acknowledging the loj-a!tjr which has ever distinguished jour • Order. The increase of your members and your : enterprise in building a Hall for yourselves are j pleasing aud creditable. You can now hold your ! meetings iu an edifice free from the reproach too I often unfairly east- on the houses where Lodges j usually assemble, and where travellers are com- ■ pelled to look for accommodation. The sooner ail I • odges are removed from even the best-couducted j hotels the better, as tiiej" will thus avert pretext I for unfair imputations—not that I mean to say i that the like was ever exneiienccd by j-our ! Lodge ; but 1 know that such has been the case j elsewhere. I thank you heartily for the welcome I you have given me, aud I hope I shall have many j future opportunities of visiting your beautiful dis trict. Captain Atkd:s-)X, of the Wiliunga Volunteer Company, read and presented the following address: — "To His Excellency Sir Dominiek Dalj-, Knight, Governor-in-Chief of tlie Colony of South Australia, Ac., Ac. * " On behalf of the officers and men of our com- : panj", we beg to testify our great pleasure in j I welcoming j-our Excellency to this disirict;attlie j same time, we wish to assure you of the loyalty j and respect we entertain for you sis Governor of | this province and representative of Her Majesty our Most Gracious Queen. " Tlie knowledge that you take a lively interest | in the \olunrec;s is a strong incitement to pro mote their efficiency, end thus secure tlie appro bation of you Excellency. The encouragement of : ynur presence conduces to tuouse emulaton and jiromo:e competition ; and we heartily hope that : the welcome you will receive here to-day, the amenities of the place, and the knowledge you will gain of its people, will induce j ou to revisit us at our future ride-matches. "Most cordially do we untie w,th our fellow townsiuen in whiting Ladv Daly ami family health and happiness, and to yourself, as our Governor, long life to wear the l.iureis your just adminis tration lias earned. " Cafe Atkinson. "Lieut. Snoswell. "Surgeon Jay. " Wiliunga, December 17,1801." His Excellency—I am very thankful to you for ] this address, and f do not think the volunteers re- j quire to lie assured that I look upon them as one of the most creditable and essentially useful inslitu- , tious in this colony, which is circumstanced as every other country is where no standing army is , sustained. It- is pleasing to see orderly citizens armed, not for offensive operations, hut to be pre- I paied to act efficiently on the defensive, should an ' emergency—which God forbid—arise to require their services. ft is that profound policy of being in I peace prepared for war which has raised the mother country, great as she always was, to a higher position than ever amongst the great nations of the earth. Great Britain, with her | matchless navy, always stood- high; but on no.j former occasion did she occupy such a proud posi tion as at present, when she has 1(10,000 volunteers. Dot only enrolled, but well drilled, equipped, and determined to defend their country to the last extremity. It is far from my desire to see the industry of the colony misapplied, or its interests injured, by too great a consumption of time iu dri.l or rifle practice. A sufficient time could be devoted to these purposes without in any way interrupting the proper performance of business duties. With such reasonable attention they could greatly increase their efficiency. As marks men, the volunteers of South Australia did not suffer in comparison villi the men of Wimble ton, aud with practice they might reasonably hope to attain still greater proficiency. I must, however, impress upon your consideration the im portant fact that without drill more than half the value of the marksman is lost. For the kind manner in which tlic volunteers and people of Willunga have expressed themselves towards me, I can only say that I do not deal in professions; hut when the time comes for me to leave South Australia the people will have no cause to doubt the sincerity or my attachment to thein, or my desire to forward their interests. For your kind vishes for Lady Italy and family I liave to return inv most cor.Iial thanks. (Applause.) 1 Again tiirceeheeis were given for ills Excellency, and the like for Lady Daiv and family. Mr.'E. J. Peake, Special Magistrate of the Distuc", read aud preseuted the following address: "To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight Governor-in-Cluef of South Australia, Ac. "Mav it please your Excellency— " We the undersigned, Bench of Magistrates of Willunga, offer your Excellency our congratula tions on this occasion of your first visit to Wil lunga, and venture to hid you a hearty welcome. " We trust your Excellency's visit to this district may afford you pleasure, as it is doubtless a source of (treat gratification to us and the inhabitants of Willunga and the neighbourhood. "Our district is eminently agricultural, and we trust your Excellency will derive some satisfaction . in your journey through the country at this season, and at the sight of a contented, industrious, and loyal people, occupied in gathering a rich harvest from their lands. "May we, in conclusion, express a hope that though this is your Excellency's first visit to Wil lunga, wc maybe honoured on future occasions by other visits equally gratifying to us and the people at larire. "We have the honour to he, your Excellency's obedient servants, "E. J. Peake, S.M. "it. Bosworth, J.P. "J. S. Mackintosh, J.P. "X. S. Kali, J.P." flit Excellency said— I feel. gratified at your kindness in presenting this address to mc on this my first visit to Willunga. That 1 have not visited this important district before will I hope be attri buted to the proper cause—the very proloage 1 session ofParlinincut which prevented my leaving the vicinity of Adelaide. I had actually made ar rangements to come, hut afterwards was compelled to liefer that pleasure until this day. I can only say that I am so gratified with all I see and hear th -it 1 shall take an early opportunity to repeat mv visit, perhaps accompanied by the ladies of my family, (Hear aud applause.) THE LUNCH. His Excellency having replied to the various addresses, fie was escorted by the Lodge officers to the rear of the new Hal), where iunefi was spread in a temporary booth erected for the occasion. Xiie District Officers of the M.U., who hail lent the district regalia to give eclal to the aifair, aud attended on special invitation, were, by some un fortunate oversight, not presented with tickets, or introduced into the booth; and feeling indignant a; the supposed slight, withdrew without taking any further part, in the proceedings. There was an ampie supply of good tilings, and the company came welt prepared to do them justice. Mr. J. was seated His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, the Hon. Mr. Ayeis (Chief Secretary), and itr. G. Hamilton (.Chief Inspector of Police). On the left of Die rtllJlil-tll-lll .1 . I,., TT— T l V . as Croupier; lie was supported by Mr. Kell, J. P., the itev. Mr. Howie, and the officers o! the Wil lunga Lodge. The iter. E. IE Milier said grace, and on the conclusion of the repast the Lev. Mi. Howie returned thanks. The Chairman, on the removal of the'cloth, proposed "The Health of Her Gracious Majesty the Queen."' ft was, he said, a source of general congratulation to ali loyal subjects that tier Majesty liad so far recovered from her sad be reavement as to he able to appear iu public. The toast was drunk upstanding, the band play ing the National Anthem. The Chairman again called for bumpers, and proposed "The Prince aud Princess of Wales aud the rest of the Itoyal Family." Public attention, he said, was directed to the conduct of the Prince of Wales in the natural desire to ascertain his fit ness for the high position which he was destined to fill; bat he (the Chairman) hoped it would be . _ _ „ — - pre sence there that day. A knowledge of the couutry v. as necessary to enable His Excellency to ad minister equal justice to all districts, and His Excellency liad given sufficient reason to believe that he was animated by a sincere desire to know thc wants of the colony, and a determination to exert himself eo the utmcst to remedy every eviL (Applause.) He said this without the most remote desire to flatter His Excellency. He hue" been but a short time amongst thein, but his rule had been mild, firm, and dignified. (Applause.) The colonists generally believed that his high duties were performed in a manner conducive to their best iuterests. The two Houses of Parliament, so well represented there that day by the Chief Secre tary and the Treasurer, shared in the same opinion. There had been some misapprehension as to the time of His Excellency's arrival that morning, or a much larger concourse would have greeted his arrival. He gave "The Health of His Excellency the Govemor-in- Cliief." Drunk with applause, the band playing "St. Patrick's Day." llis Excellency said he must be very insensible nil more than unreasonable if he were not highly gratified with the reception he met that day. He must express his- regret at haviug arrived a little too soon for the full operation of their arrange iorget. His friend, the President, iu proposing his health, had, in kindly andcompfimeutary language, expressed approbation of liis past conduct" and gave hun credit. for the Kptitinmni, i........ ;ave him credit for the sentiments which he cer tainly entertained. He was afraid, however, that ncss said perhaps too much in favour of his deeds; but it was impossible for the President to say too much for his desire to promote by all means iu liis power the interests of the coiony. (Applause.) It was his duty, as it was his pride aud pleasure, to do so. It was the first duty he owed to liis Queen, as it was also liis first duty to her people entrusted to his government. He would leave nothing untried which came within his sphere to forward their iuterests. How far he had up to the present succeeded it was for them to judge. Such eft'orts as they were pleased to say met their full approbation would not be wanting in future; but, as he saw that the Chairman had a long list of toasts to get through, he would not adl to tlie heavy duties of that gentleman by ; consuming time in a long speech. He hoped, also, that other gentlemen would follow liis example, and he would conclude uy returning liis hearty thanks for the manner in which the toast had been proposed and honoured. Dr. Mackintosh, Vice-Chairman, proposed "The Army, the Navy, and the Volunteers" iu a few appropriate sencnees, naming Wellington and Nelson as types of the army and navy. Looking ! at what the English volunteers had done at Wim- i blcdou, he thought the South Australian volun teers were not far behind tlieir brethren in England, whom they had the courage to challenge to a trial of skill. (Applause.) The toast was drunk with an ause. Air— "Red, White, aud Blue." Major Douhlas, in responding, said it must be gratifying to the several branches of the service to be no:ice.I in that manner, and iie had no doubt that before long another name would attract atten tion and be destined to live in history should an emergency arise to call for great courage and pro found strategy, such as was exhibited by tiie great naval and military commanders referred to by the proposer of the toast. — „ indepen dence and prudence, to represent the people i properly. It was no easy task to master the J complicated business of legislation. It aiso re quired courage to meet the opposition, not always generous of parties advocating conflicting inte rests. Tiie constituencies should not select men as representatives who promised largely, but those only who would calmly think out and unflinch ingly work out measures for the public good. The toast was drunk with applause. Air by the band. The Hon. H. Ayeus said be hail much pleasure in responding for the Legislative Council. The mover liad' well pointed out the diffieul- i ties that beset legislation, and he could say, without any desire to disparage their neighbours, , that the Parliament of South Australia contrasted well with the Legislatures of other colonies. He j thought nine months in the year w;ls too much to i consume in legislation. (Hear, hear.) The recess was considered a holiday for Ministers. He could say that day was a holiday to him, but he would have to work double tides for it on his return to his office. It was he thought, the duty of Ministers to see the various districts of the colony, and to take themselves personally acquainted with the people's wants and wishes. There was another advantage 111 occasions like the present wlficl ilcli the people ought rot to lose sight of—thev rave oppor tunities to demand explanations, and "if the district had any cause of complaint he hoped thev would not i■'i the Chief Secretary oil" until he had given them satisfactory explanations. (Hear aud ap plause.) present the ghost of a ltoad Bill with which iie was haunted. (Applause aud laughter.) He had, 1 in walking amongst them, endeavoured to j recognise old familiar faces, or to trace te- | semblance-- to tlie.qj in the joyous groups I of juveniles, but the altered appearauee of the place and the people put him out of his ; la!i:ude. (A laugh.) /They had been told that day of the beauty of the district; but, looking at the ladies, he was tempted to speak of the beauties of the district, who, judging from the number of children about, were as fruitful as_ they were ! fair and fascinating. (Laughter and applause.) j Mr. I'eakc hail well expressed the difficulties which a member of the House of Assembly liad to eu- , counter. Men who went there to listen to argu- I merit could not and should not Ire tire mere | delegates of a district. It was essenlial that they ; should be free to use their judgment for the j general welfare. Tliat was his first holiday since ■ he took office, and if the old acquaintances lie saw around him had as much pleasure in seeing him as he had in seeing them great good would I have come of that holiday. With regard to the ] road he greatly admired it, and he was also greatly J (leased at seeing the style in which His Excellency landied his team. He thought his own minis terial chief, who was present; might take a lesson from the manner in which a restive indication was arrested, and ali the team well kept in hand. (Ap plause.) Mr. Martin Bcroess proposed "The Agricul tural and Pastoral Interest" The majority pre sent were, he said, interested in the first, iud he was certain they all rejoiced in the prosperity of the other interest. They had a splendid crop o£ wheat this season; but he thought tho time had arrived for the farmers to turn their attention to other cultivation. The tonst was drunk with applause. Air— " Sons of Australia/' ^ ftlr. Loud responded, referring to the depressing influence of former bad seasons and low prices 1 wcutv years ago he met Governor Gawier at the Horseshoe, and no one at that time could predict the present growth of the agricultural interest, hroin what he saw of the rising generation lie had no reason to apprehend any failing off in the agri cultural interest for the future. Mr. T. Martin proposed 44 The Health of the District Officers, M.U." A better guarantee of then: being the right men in the right place could not be found than tlie fact that thev were the elected of upwards of fifty-Lodges. There was no response to this toast. Dr. Mackintosh proposed "TheVisitors." They felt highly honoured by the presence of His Excel lency and the gentlemen from all quarters who visited V illunga that dav. His Excellency" returned thanks. The feelings of the visitors might be better expressed bv another, but as he had been placed first on rife list he would return tliauks for the visitors. He had to return thanks also for the elegant hospitality with whicn the visitors had been entertained. Mr. U Hamilton* propose,I "The Health of Lady Daly and the Ladies of South Australia."' Drunk ™h applause. Air—'"Hole's a health to all good lasses." His Excellency returned thanks upon behalf of Lady Daly aud the other ladies of iiis family lie felt certain that on his reporting the maimer m whicn that toast was received ho would he reminded of a promise to take them to that bcau tiiul uistrict made some time ago, but which he had not been able as yet to carry out. He also returned tliauks for trie belies of the colony*. Mr. Haudy proposed "The Press." Drank , -with applause. Air — " When the southern breezes play." Mr. Paukinsojt briefly responded. Dr. JAY'proposed "1'lie Health of the Chairman " who had, he said, retained their good opinion as a memoer winch ue won as a candidate. He liad pleasure in proposing the health of the Chairman lhe Lhaikmas returned thanlis for the honour , , . «uui«a 101 me Honour done Jiiui in askiug him to preside upon that occasion, It, migUt not bo out ox place to say that T nut, inj cui ui piace to bay tJiat he contested that district at the urgent request of niany friends. He felt iliis deficiencies at the time, but promised to do his best; and be had attended regularly to his duties in the House. Nothing should be wanting on ills part to perform to the best ot his ability his duty iu future. He hoped t.iey would soon have the pleasure of seeing His J-.xceileucy accompanied by Lady Daly aud the Mis.-Cjs Daly. (Applause.) He proposed " The Health ot tlie Vice-chairman." Dr. Macsiniosit returned thanks, and this closed the midday proceedings. , , . J'HK DM JIEETIN'G. iiie debris of t.ie lunch v.ere rapidly cleared away, and toe tables loaded with the lighter delicacies proper to the tea-table. A succession ot blooming damsels aud serious young men, with a tolerable proportion of matrons and iuveniles, ' occupied the booth, and discussed cake and congou for two hours with evident gusto; for "they < laughed consumediy. At length tlie primitive but well-used banquet-halt was deserted, and alt seemed eager to get seats to witness the formal opening of the new Hail, and to hear the concert 0, .. OPENING of THIS N;-;\y HALL. bhor-ly after the doom were thrown open every seat was hllcd; there could not indeed have been fewer than out) persons present. Lnr1? took the chair, and hating glanced at the objects of Benefit Societies generallv ex- < I htrltJ?*? tla" ' r- eNpecmtiyus of those ) ,. -Jhtit Liuit commodious room would be realized. He then requested His Excellency to formally open the Hail. * His Excellency saidLadies and Gentlemen— The very clear manner in which the Chairman has explaineu the objects lor which tliis excellent and Yveil- liiiished building has been erected renfiem h ^ foriuo to adTOrt to that point. AD »lu,y is therefore very smijMe, and I have great 1 lme pleasure also in v« ltncasiug the interest taken in these proceedings by tue numerous and respectable assemblage I see -rC !U0" / vs, R05r t° declare that this build ing i=, open for public purposes, and 1 trust that it will long continue to he as great au advantage to ihelrticruTpiaule.)m3'jUtlSmeUt a creditto « D-'d.CmviTF.t then read the following report-— Mr. Cuau-inaa, your Excellency, Ladies and iTtjntleiueii— ''IDD'tft0 the business of onr Lodge lias been f !" f ^ 11 Pt'Mic-house, aud manv have kept back from becoming members chieflv on that a9\ourit. Moreover, from the continued increase of members the room lias become too small for morn^S and uhS^^fed cm?*1 ™ cherlsUed 'It consisted first in obtaining the public svm tWiVi i W2S ue> /"p-d 1 "Ui happy and say, came forward to our help most liberally by subscribing about £100. "lo eflect, secondly, a loan. This we also did by borrowing £2oJ at tile low rate of 8 per cent, peraunain. ,.:M A'je e upon winch the building stands was ^ ofrr respected friend and the late Mr. E. Rowlands. Mid supply of tlie slates of roof, the carting of c., w as also given and done free "-i,/"*; price of the building was £300. i'lli -m ,V(jrth;,u'ile,i .hashed, is estimated at "^1 ;i remaining of 4£23j. [rii ? ^0:U!uit,lCi we Jiuuitiiv thank I . ilUe.ril1 support yoa have rendered us, ana frits:-, now that our township will have the convenience of a public hall, that rnueb good may abound to a}] concerned." *= y 1™ . , THE CONCERT. nSsT, eutertainmeut went off with great i ^ 0 co','-v of ,tlle Pragramme wiU l show that tho music selected was good, and the ■ ladies and gentlemen, aided by Schrader's Band, &15S& *** watosa ^ ^ tracer; Keciration. Sceue from fajsuvspeare; Duet, Murmuring Sea: fo.-tru • I ' Glee, Breathe soft, ye Wines i>, ,;r ;. . ' sort, ye tvines; frcutation, Spanish Ohampion; Solo, As I view t.iese Scenes; Glee, O happy, happy, liapju- pair; I anstrumentu! .Band; Band, Wedding Afareh Dff - D'da?ki s Banner; Solo, Cigars aud Cognac; J;>7PaLSolok.The¥arp /T ~5 ' Q iiicmuy j j\ ma; ooio, lfte nam that once through Tara's Hails; Solo, Alonzo and ^ , ,.leu, H1? ««iilows homewards 1 iLstiumental Land; Duet, A Voice from the I-Cross and 