ENGLISH EXTEAOTS. RoASTíD to übatii.-Esther Sponce, a servant girl, in the employ of Mr. Bishop, of Southampton, was passing aorosB the room by the grate, when her dress, expanded, hy crinoline, ignited, and before assistance was at hand every particle of her olothing was burnt away, and the poor oreatnre was literally roasted to a olnder in the steel cage in which, in common with thousands of her Bex, she had encased herself. Her piteous screams for help awoke Mr. and Mrs.-Bishop, the latter of whom, thinking the house was on fire, and alarmed for the Bafety of her ohlldren, oanght up two of them, and rushed out on to the roof of tbe bonne, where she wsb Been by sevoral neighbours, in a position of great dan- ger, making her way with the children along the open parapet, lo the next house, whioh «ho happily reached in safety. Mr. Bishop, on going down, found the poor girl lying on the landing at the top of the kitchen stair to all appearance nothing but aheap of »mouldering ashes Her excruciating agonieB terminated in death about lou' hours altor the acaident. Troosebs and Petticoats-When mon wore titih panlnloons, women wore skimpy petticoats. It was at this time that the Frenoh Lord Ogleby, in a faroet giving his tailor an order for pantuloons to fit olose, than his akin, ends with this warning :-" Mind, that if loan-get them on, I shall not,take them." Towards tho end of the last century the hYonoh Revolution shook with all other things, theempiieofdresB. Itgaveliberty to the limbs of men ! it emancipated them from tight clothing hair powder, and pigtails ; it banished breoohos aud buckles, and introduced trousers. Pantaloons lin- gered for a time ¡ but the steady tendenoy of the age was as much to looser olothing as to more liberal ideas, Indeed, the two went together, and the trousers waa for some time adopted or opposed, and reprobated as an outward and visible sign of political opinions. Cyril Jackson, the Dean of Christchurch, exerted all his authority and influence in his college to put down trousers, regarding them au symbols of revolution ; and his suo oesB in enforcing the tight apparel brought upon bim nn expression of regrot that the dean bud contracted tho loose habits of the age. At this period tho female fashion was behind tho male in ease. The pettiooat was bo narrow that it was difficult to walk in it. It wns in fact, ft pantaloon of one leg for the two legs. The waist wasjust under thoarmpita. This thraldom waabroken by the Peninsular war, whioh introduced what was called tho Spanish dress-very pretty indeed, but only the Spa- nish of the Bingo. Ab ii'to indemnify themselves for their long restraint in the narrow clothing, the ladies thon shortened their petticoats very liuerally,and ankles woro no mystery. But emannipation was yet partial and im- perfect, the parallel to the trouser bring still wanting; but it carno with a vengenco with the crinoline. The crinoline ia the peg-trouaer exaggerated, and turned the oppoaite way -the peg nt tho waist ; tho wide end downwardB. Women now live in tent»-under canvas as it were. They expatiate within there airy enolosurea. They delight in the free and easy. All their ways are mioonfined. They walk up and down within' their premises. They have succeeded in the encroachment which would be described by Blackstone as milking a arger estate than they are by law entitled to. They have enormously aggrandised themselves. They are topographaoiaily thrice what they utcd to be in circum- ference.-Examiner. During the past week tho weather in the noigbonrliood 0f liathurst baa been cold and wet; and uuow fallon at Caloola. Flkbnno in tur MooNsniNR-Alii.ta boy, thirteen rears of age, named Henry Lowry, residing nosr leek ham Rye, was on Tuesday night expelled his home by his molhor for eome trifling mi.demonnour.. Ho at once ran away to a corn field oloso by, and on lying down in the open air fell asleep. Ho slept throughout, the night, which was a moonlight ono. Some labourers on then way to work, seeing the bny apparent y asleep, «rmired bim ; ths lad opened his eyes, but declared ho oonld not see. He was oonvoved home, and from tbenco to nu oonlar institution, where medical ndvice waa obtained. The siirveon affirmed that tho loss ot the Bight resulted from sleeping in the moonshine^ Tho boy is tptallj blind, and few hopes aro entertained rf Ins ultimate recovery.-The Times, Sept 4. A new iron-elad frigate of a peculiar obaraofor is to he built at Chatham. It will bo "covered with one urn form thiokness of iron-plate," and »ill haye a poweitu battery of guns at hor bow. Tho battery will be so placed as to mabie the guns lo bo fired straight ahead, while the solid iron-plalod bow will bo cirried up sufficiently hich to form a sort of tower in whioh the guns wil be stationed. Tho extremity of tho prow «ill ho tiirwisbod with a hnge steel stem, hhnped i-omewhat like R cleaver, and this formidable weapon will cut completely through a hostile ship whon used as a ram. This frigate will be called the Lord Warden, and another is to bo built to b named tho Lord Clyde-a graceful oomplimint to tho merits of the deceased Field-Marshal. Some experiments have been mailt» at Chatham Dock- yard, in the presence of Captain Funahawe, the «uneun tendênt, and sevoral other officers, to test the merilH of Captain MoKillopN patented plan for submerging véasela in a mnohino, for the removal of graBS, weedB, and shell- fish from their bottom without the necessity for docking. The report is stated to confirm the succesB of the prin The Fnorer.-Oood old Doacon A--, having occasion to spend a night at a hotel, waa assigned a room in which there were three fingió beds, two of which already contained occupants. Soon after the light was extinguished a man in ono of the other beds he"cn to »nore so loudly as to prevent his falling asleep. The tumult inoreased ns the night woro away, until it carno absolutely fearful. i-'ome two or three hour« after midnight the snorer turned himself in bed, gave a hideous gioan, and beoame silent. The Deoeon bad supposed tho third gentleman asloep until at this intiolure, bo hoir I bim exclaim, "He's dewl I (bank 'God ! He's dead [-Harper's New Monthly Magaiine Hottest Day op tub Crnturv-The extraordinary temperature experienced in I'aris this summer has drawn the following remarks from M. J A. Barral, Professor of Chemistry :-"Sunday, August 9th, was the hottest day, not only of ihe present year, but of this century. ' In some place» the thermometer marked 102'2Fahr. in the shide at half-past two p m. ; it marked 96 8 at half.past fjur. In'the ann the temperature was 149 F. To find a temperature equal to the above wo must go book full a hundred years, It ¡b a curious oiroumstanoo that in the north of Paris the beat has not been so oppressive. In London the thermometer has not averaged more than 72 F, and we learn from the French coast that, both at Oieppe and Etretât, on Sunday, the weather waa bo chilly as to make a resort to great coats neoeBBary." We are about to complete a great telegraph line from London to India, through deserts the sovereignty of whioh ¡B claimed by predatory Arabs. Lieutenant Colonel Patriok Stewart of the Royal Engineers, who distinguished himself so much during the Indian Mutiny has been intruBted with the general management of the line as muoh bb a reward for gallantry as in recognition of the services be has rendered in constructing telegraph lines through the wildestdiBtricts of India During two years this distinguished officerhasbeen examining the line of route ; and it is nownnnounoed that before next Marob v/o shall have at command daily oommnnioation with Madras, Calcutta, and Bombiy. The Arab ohiofs through whose territory it passes ore to be engaged by a subsidy to protect the line, and on their good faith and power to enforce order among their followers will depend the Buccess of the undertaking. The Milan Valette mentions certain experiments with heavy artillery, lo test the strength of some iron plutos for ship armour, manufactured by M, Bandoni, of Lecco, out of the common iron of Lombardy. Thoy are stated to resist better than any manufactured elsewhere. Bonrlli'b Printing TeleorÁpii.-.v now era in tele- graphy was inaugurated on Saturday, the ground seleoted being from Livoipool to Manchester, parallel with, though not exnolly upon, the position of tho first trial ot tho English railway system. This waa the transmission of telegrams by lionelli's printing telegraph, by which the messages aro forwarded and delivered in a distinct Roman typo. Tho first message sent from tho Man- chester end was addressed to the office of this paper with a request to know if it was satisfactory, and wo were enabled to reply without dolay to our cor- respondent in the affirmative. The advantages of the Bonelli system are rapidity and Rcouraoy, and these ore attained through the passage of a rule of typ» under a comb containing five toeth, eaob of which ¡b insulated and represents the termina- tion a line wire. Thus it will be seen that the instrument requires five line wires to work it efficiently, but the same ivireB are used for the up and down traffic and as the rules of type 'pass under tho comb, the musBDgeBnre legibly printed off at the rate of 400 words per minute, with accuracy amounting tooertaitity. Any orrors aro corrected before the despatch of the message, and thus tho transmission of them is ohecked at the out sol. It is well known that all telegraph mars ocoiu in transmission, either by the sending or recoiving clerk, or the nmanuem.is ; but by Bonelli's system all theBe difficulties aroovercome, and wo have for the first tim« attained that preoision, the want of which bus been suoh a serious drawbaok to all other telegraph companies We oongratualato the promoters ot tbe Bonelli Telegraph that tbey have nohieved so greata suocei-s, and ob their sys- tem enables thom to make a reduction in the charge of transmitting telegrams, we do not donbt they will be amply rewarded for tho anxiety exhibited in order to bring the line and apparatus to the public notice. Liverpool Albion. Polygamy in Bengal -It is believed that at Cal- cutta the Hon. Rajah Deo Narain Singh intends to introduoe a bill to lesson the evils of polygamy. This is a very delicate question and will bo dealt with tenderly. In 1850 the leading Hindoos of Bengal petitioned the legislature to put down a curse which practically is as bad as infanticide and worse than suttee. The question is a moral not a religious ono ; and that a Hindoo member of council from the Boored city of ICasi or Benares Bhould deal with it is a great advantage. Tin bhasters nowhere do more than tolerate polygamy, and it exists in Bengal in n. hideous form unknown elsewhere. Three centuries ngo, when Bengal was ruled from Gour by AdiBiir, alow-oaste king, he found thoro was not a Brahmin in his dominions who could perform oertnin ceremonies, owing to the persecution of the Buddhists iu farmer limes Ho accordingly applied to the King of Kanoje, who Bent five Sagnio Brahmins, venerated priest-", who mannged to preserve till tho hour of their death, for their funeral ceremonies, tho sacrificial fire lighted by their parents on the day of their birth, and fed daily by fuel and olarified butter. From these fivo have de- scended a whole orowd of Kulin or priviliged families They are simply hereditary spiritual poers ; and as no father will marry his daughter, if of a oertain oaate, except to them, many of thom live solely by suoh mar- riages^ Twonty wives is a common number for a Kulin Brahmin to have; but there are cases in which one man hnB 180. The polvgamist does not feed these wives, but visits the richest of them at their fathers' houses, und is in fact maintained by his wives. In many cases whole families, consisting of sisters, aunts, and niecos ara mar- ried to orto avaricious sensualist. You may imngine the moral evils which flow from this, and understand how, as a social abuse, nativo opinion would like it put down penally. Information is now being colleolod by the rajah to see how muoh further legislation can go than this. Letter from Calcutta. Perhaps no public man has had the courage to send to the Ohambor of Death, as it is called at the Times ollie» and ask the editor do let him have a look at his "Lifo" Sometimes, however, these "LiveB" appear before the breath is out of t jo body, as reoently ocourred in tho caBB of Lord Clyde. The Times takes great o.ire about theso mattors. ,someyearB ago a report was brought to the offioe at eleven o'olnck at night that Lord John Russell was dead. Mr. Walter, who goes to theoflioe muoh more frequently than is supposod, happened to ha there. A consultation immediately took placo with writers and editors, anda gentleman of tact und oxpori onoe was sent off in themiddlo of tho night to Oliesham place, to enquire tho truth or falsehood of tho report He booh discovered that it arose- out of exaggerated re- ports of a slight indisposition, whioh had been magnified into tho dent h of tho noble Lord; but, short as was his absence from the oflico, in the interim amplemonna had been takon to meet tho omorgency-tho fatal osBliet hud been opened, the reoord of a life wh'oli would form in it Belf no unimportant chaptor in the history of the country was displayed, and au nrmy of biographers, editors, and printers were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman, and fix the pioturo in ita frnmo befoie tho morning light dawned upon the kleppers of London. When the messenger returned, and it was found that the intelligence was false, tho raomoir was re-consigned to its resting-plaoe in the oasket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and tho world wns informed that the Times waa rejoiced to bo ablo to st«te that the rumour of the illnoss ot bo distinguished a noble man was wholly without foundation. 