POLICE COURTS. : ' CITY COURT. Saturday, 15th August. fBoforo Mr Sturt.l Robbbry from the Person.— William Condon and John Leary wore charged with lobbing a drunken man named Henry King. Tho prisoners wore seon by some young man to taKo tlio prosecutor into a right-of-way, and after somo dispute about money they knocked him down. Tho prisoners said that tho money had been given to thom to tako caro of, and on tho prosecutor being colled, ho admitted that ho had dono ei. Tho prisoners were then discharged, nnd tho prosecutor fined for drunkenness. A Bad Boy. — William J. Buckley, a young lad who had sorved a scntenco at Pontridge, was placed in tho dock charged with stealing n watch from his mother. Ho took tho watch from his mother's room, pawned it, and wont to see "Tho Ghost"' at the theatre. Mrs Buckloy said that slio would send (he boy to Port Albert, and ho was discharged. ' Falsb Pretences.— Thomas Thompson, alias Morrison, was brought up, on remand, from Oollingwood,' charged with uttering valueless cheques. Tuero were several casoB against tbo prisoner, and ho was remanded until Friday. i-aecbny. — Mary Foley, already under two sontences, was brought up charged with steal ing two thblo cloths. She pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to ono month's imprisonment. . SUBURBAN COURTS. . Emerald Hill.— At this court, on Satur day last, John Drummond, James Jenkins, William Blundoll, David O'Brion, Charles Cook, and Daniel Clancy, were each fined 10s, with 2s 6d costs, for driving on tho wrong sido of. the road. — John Dawson, summoned by Richard Morton, for evasion of toll, was ordered to pay 20s, with 7s 61 oosts. — Frede rick W. Jackson was summoned for baring no accommodation in his liconsed house,- tho South Park hotel, but tho case was dismissed, as the person who had bought Jaokson'a in terest, promised' to furnish the house, and apply for a transfer of tho license within n fortnight. ' Tho presiding magistrates wore Messrs. Finlay, Martin, and Thistlothwaits. Kioiimond. — Tho cases on tho list, at this court, on Saturday last, had to be postponed, Mr M'Crea, J.P., being tho only magistrate in attendance. SandridOr. — There were no cases heard at this' eourt, yestorday. wlliilamstown. — Sarah Oshorno was charged at this court, on Saturday last, with making, use of obscene lsnguage on tho pre vious evoning, and was admonishod and dis charged, on promising to amend hor conduct. 