SP0N'í ANE0CJ8''QÉNERÁTÍ0Ñ.*' '? (From thi Saturday Reuiew, Deeember SO.) / ..c.-¿i:: .' THERE - aro certain causes wbicli, though con- stantly, in dekat, are,constantly in rebejljpus.up- rising. , There is a rasoination in certain opinions I which snatches at evidence, which resists demon- stra iou, whian looks -onV a drawn battle as a ¡decisive vio'.pry, and triumphs at every pause'of, : the enemy-the fascination of mystery. Ghoais and apparitions survive all the attacks of mcthodU cal science. - Spirit.rappings are proved-over; aud ovor dgain to bè impostures^ without in any def j gree .diminishing their , noisy , potrusiveness. ¡Ignominiously driven from ono camp, ¡ the rebels i are seen appearing in ano her spot, as loud and confident as ever. They are hover defeated they only retire, for *' siratcgio reasons."_ i .Wo are -vèry'ifar from wishing to p'aeé Spon/ taneous Gonoration ona- level with Ghost-1 or; Rapping Spirits^-B ill -/arther ^rotn ' wishing';, toi liken its advocates to' the believers In gbogts (aad Mr. Eume. It is a scientific question, and is, *at< any rato in our day, handled by Boiontiflo men,1 in à serious spirit. ( Bal there isia it tl^e fascination of a rebellious heterodoxy the desire' tp^fly'ia tho face pf the schools, and to got a step nearer to tho mystery o', creation, whioh' mnkés men' snatch pt evidence^ ahd^residt the accumulation bf inductive1 ,pró'of, very muoV in the' style', tonie proposion . leeoni de Chimie ttde Phytqui Profanely* 1861. Par. MM. Jamhi, JJebray, Clou, Becquerel et Pasteur. Puis s 1862, ¡jardee,.ot. other insurgent oauses. Nor do we re- ? gret tbe faot we thus indicate. A great advan'aa-e i reB9Ls_ffOîi*ilb^lJtt88ïgan^Sfl._Theykeep-tho iptellïgencealert, they save us from sleepy ortho- doxy and indolent acquiescence, and they enlarge the boundaries of knowledge. , In the credulous days of early science, men easily believed that worms origina'ed in putrefy in".matter, that eels were developed out of mud, arid that sticks and leaves falling into the water became transformed there into animals. They believed anything in those days, on two condi- tions-firBt, that it should be unhesitatingly as- serted t and, secondly, that it should not directly contradict existing opinions, or superficial obser- vations. ' No one doubted-doubting is an art which comes- late in the history of man. Nor was there any obvious ground for doubt that eels sprang from tho mud, < r that worms sprang from putrefaction. . The observed facts were of eels suddenly, appearing in emp^y ponds where no eels were seen before, ant" worms" suddenly appear ing in wherever me it waa putrefying. The suc- cessive phenomena pf generation wore too little understood to suggest a doubt. Spontaneous generation was the quiet orthodox belief until Redi, the Florentine poet and natural- ist, opposed and vanquished it by his enlightened scepticism. The reader, who only: knows Redi, the poet, by the Baccho in Toscana, will do well to make the acquaintance of the naturalist, by his Opuscoli di storia Naturale, (recent y reprinted at Florence). He will there read how Redi watched tho development of the " worms" in decomposing meat, and, finding that they became familiar flies, sagaciously concluded that the parent flies had de- posited their eggs in tho meat, which explained the apparent sporimneous generation. To provo th. t the meat only served aa a nidus, - Redi covered a piece with fine gauze.- Immediately flies were seen hovering over it in great agitation. The odour of the meat attracted them ; hu', alas I they could not fulfil their in&tjncts-they; cou'd not de- posit the eggs itt this admirable ne3t. Failing in their' attempts, they made a compromisef and de- posited their eggs upon the gauze. It is needless lo say that thegauzo was insufficient as a nidus, and that the meat presented no ''worms." This was for a time decisive. From that diy. te this, only an occasional speculator, in daring disregard of evidence, has ventured to maintain the spontaneous generation of flies much les3 of eels. But in 1745, Needham, a Catholic prie t _and an excellent observer, re- opened the question on new ground-tho obscure and ill-nndewtood field of infusorial life. Since then it.bas also been, carried imo the still more ob'scu e field of en'ozm ; for it is the unfortunate charaot ristic of this cause, to be always most dis- credited where bur knowledge happens to be most precise-BB the horizon widens and the darkness rolls away, this doctrine retires deep r into the shadows. Needham produced a great sensation, but he was finally si'encedby Fpallanzani ; au j the orthodox party grew more assurrd of -the justice of its mottój omne vivum ea ovó-or, as we find it necessary'nt w to word ir, omne vimtm ex vivo. ' , The doctrine had become so thoroughly dis- credited that the schools were in profound quiet. Tn 1869 this quiet was disturbed by M. Pouchet, who pre ented himself b jfore the august body of Academicians ss the ardent advoca'e: of the proscribed, cause, He was toa eminent a man ' to be poohpoohed ; . arid his statements of experimental results were too startling to be ignored. Ho was equipped with all the material of war, oed flung down a gauntlet which cou d not be left lying there. Champions in abundance presented themselves; and to this day the fight continues. In France, England, .and.Amer¡ca,íhves'iga!orB are busy with infusions, purifying, the air, inventing obstacles to the pos- sible accoss of germs from without, and proving to their entire satisfaction that spontaneous genera- tion is a first truth-and an antiqua'ed absurdity. It is some satisfaction to refLct that all this , labour and discussion have not been :' without, collateral advantages. The least ' of the lessons thus learned has been the necessity of camion in experiment. As to I positive results,'they, as just intimated, at present far fróm^ harmonious. The eminent chemist, M.. Pasteur, whose , researches, i.have thrown the most discredit on the statements of M. Pouchet, finds a contradictor in Dr. Wyman, of Harvard Col e¿>e (American Journal of Science, July 1862), who repeats M. Pasteur's experiments with. oppo- site-results.. ;i . ..' d . y w ; Our readers will, not call upon us to decide, a question still sub judice ' But we shall not with- hold pur opinion, that the balance, of evidence mirkedly leans to the orthodox side ; andwith regard to the somewhat' staggering, experiments of Dir Wyman, weleave them to be tested and critictsed by M. Pasteur, or others-at once, how- ever, denying his poBi ion tba "all.ovu and spot os in as far as we know onythiog about them, are destroyed by prolonged, boiling." It has been ascertained, by ,Mr.. Lewes, that the spores of Aspergillus are not destroyed-are not even ap- preciably affeoted by boiling ; and wo really know BO very little of the ova of infusoria that it Í3 peril- ous to generalize about them. , In the Leçons de Chimie ct de Physique now before u?, M. Pasteur gives, as his conribution, a rapid survey of the controversy, and of his own researches. The first point sa isfdCtorily eitab lished by him is tho existence of a variable quanti y of organic corpuscles, indistinguishable from tho germs of inferior organisms, floating in the dust of tile atmosphere. As this point is of incalculable importance, we will briefly indie-te its proof. He places ¿ some'?> gun--cotton; in a glass i ube,' and thtough the tubo pasaos a given amount of atmos- pheric air. "The air, ofoourse, carries a .variable quantity of dust, as every one sees when a sun- beam slants athwart1 a roonu < This dut, ora jlarge pfoportiotf.of it, is nrrestod by the cotton (fibres, which act as a 's!rainer of, the. air. The 'potion is.then dissolved in either.. After a lapse pf some hours all the dust will havo fallen to the bottom of the tube. It is then washed and .trans por ed 1 into , a , watch-gläs?,,'-, where the liquid-is - Buffered-to- evaporate,- and-the duBt iie tàbmittèd to- chemical reagents-capable pf discriminating its various consti uen's. These ¿re foündto be paiticlea of.inorgahic rhatter,atarch, Yegètdb]etfibréè, and spherical ,and ovpijl globules, trac spirent andi filled with granules con aining ijuclei-in a word, presenting tho unequivocal- ns fleet of ova or,sport8. :W^thout pretending to say of wlíát ihese'ará ibo ova pr spores, on pou; . af- firmer la ressemblance parfaite aveo des, germes d'orgánismeB inférieur», voila lout." .." ; ' j To his M. Pouchet and'hte adherents objeôt th .t the quantities are.too small to account for the universal and abundant presence of infusorial! lifo in infusions àt> decaying - áúbBtanoefl. -M. Pastour replies that the quantiti^sjare indeed variable, but qjtita. ..sufficient uto\ account íór"tho - phenomena.: Affer a storm, tho transparence of the a-'r is1 due, in a great rnoaBurp, "ho- th|nlts,".tD the "Jair^Th¥ving~ bWerV'downthe'floatingfçliwV; and perhaps tho¡ density of fogs is tb'a great' ex ent dopehdont on the amount of atupondod ¿ast. Butin the ordi- nary condition of tho attnoaphiro, in fha street whero hi; lives, he has collected se VJ ral thousands of those organic corpuscles in the course of twenty four hours ; and the rapidity with which infusoria multiply is well known Haying proved th-t the air is aventóle of ova I and spores, or let us simply say of organic cor- puscles, the next s'ep is to prove that these cor I púsoles will devolope into infusoria if introduced j into a flask which contains a decoction of organic substances and air carefu'ly freed from germs. Without these corpuscles suoh a decoction would never, it is affirmed,.show signs of life; with these corpuscles the infusoria are certain lo appear. The experiment of control has great fierce. Instead of placing these corpuscles unaltered tn the decoo tion, he first alter« them by intense heat, such as may be presumed to destroy their vitality, and trien no organisms appear. Another curious result of M. Pasteur's experi- ments is, that not only are the quantities of eor puscles very variable in different places and dif- ferent states of the atmosphere, but that, the greater the height ab ive tho suriano of the earth from which the air is obtained tho rarer are these cor- puscles ; so that on the Mer dô Glace, out of twenty fl asks opsned at that height, only one re- vealed the entrañad of corpu^o'es, and these prob- ably were carried by the clothes of the experi- menter. Now that scientific balloon ascents aro frequent it would be eminently desirable to try tho effect of a'rnospheric fir admitted into à decoction at the height: of some miles above the earth. Even here there would be various sources of error, against which it would be necessary to gu rd. Nevertheless, if a sufficient number of experiments wera made to eliminate the acciden s, a tolerably constant negative would be a strong confirmation of the hypothesis that, unless the air brings germs into an infusion, no life will appear. Reviewing the whole controversy, we may ca'l attention to two cardinal facts. First, in propor ti >n as our knowledge becomes more extendive and moro exact, there is a corresponding limitation of the possible field for spontaneous generation; and tho strong presumption is that this retreat of tho doctrine into narrower and narrower limi swill be pursued until it ¡B final y excluded from science. Secondly, even with regard to the obscure ques- tions of in'usorial life, it is certain that the air constantly carries g rms in its floiting dust, und that thia is at. least oue known source of the phenomena invoked by the advocates of Spontane- ous Generation. Now, al hough the establishment of tiiis ono source does not positively exclude the possibility of there being other sources although be generation of some infusoria from germs does not ex lude the possibility of spontaneous generation in othe cases-it leads to a very strong presumption that the ordinary laws of generation, observed with such amazing unifor- mity throughout the whole region of the known phenomena, will obtain also in these unknown phenomena. 