BISHOP COLENSO ON THE PENTATEUCH. The Pentateuch and Book of Joshua, ci it wally examined. l!y the Bight Rev. John William Colenso, D D., Bishop of Natal. London : Longman and Co. 18G2. (1 rom the C/it istian Obsct i er ) THERE is an important note added to the new edition of Mr. Birks' volume,* on "The Human Element in Scripture ; " from which we shall copy a few sen- tences. It is Mr. Birks' object to insist on "the im- portance of recognising fully" this element, without, which we have, in reality, lio testimony of men like ourselves to the histotical truth of the Old and New Testament. It is one great fact, that throughout the whole Bible, in every part, God speaks to us. It is another great fact, that throughout the whole and in even,- part, men like ourselves speak to us, and bear testimony to the things, the words, and actions, on which our salvation depends. The first of these facts assures us that the Bible is all true. The second apprises us that, mingled with its Divine attribute of truth, there will always be the human attribute of errability, and even of trivial error. We must take the two together ; just as, in the person of the living Word of God, Christ Jesus, we had at once the Mighty God, the Creator, He who " is before all things, and by whom all things consist;" and yet, a poor little infant in a a manger-a child learning his lessons, and finally, a man who was wearied, hungry, athirst, who groaned, and wept, and died. Coleridge was unable to grasp this double truth ; and as he shrank from making David and Moses " mere organ pipes " through which an Invisible Spirit " discoursed celestial musió," he went to the other extreme, and desired to regard their books as more human writings, except in those passages in which it was distinctly recorded that " God said," &c;, &c.; But Coleridge was wrong, both in what he assumed to be the usual theory of Inspiration, and in what he tried to substitute for it. i The sacred writers are, to use Archbishop Usher's i illustration, " God's secretaries." He leaves them ' real men, capable of giving holiest and re- liable testimony, like any other men ; but He carefully watches over them, so that not one untrue or improper tvord shall be given forth ia His name.- When an earthly sovereign desires his secre- tary to write a letter in his name,'will he not take I caie that the letter, when writicn, shall faithfully ex- press his meaning r Yet there may be one'or two im I material inaccuracies in the document, of'which he does not care to take notice. Thus, to return to the Bible, Matthew and Mark tell us, that the women at the sepulchre saw an angel ; while Luke and John, with equal explicitness, state that "there were two. Why were these discrepancies permitted ? Most as- suredly, because if the four evangelists had been di- vinely overruled to describe every ovent with precisely the same particulars, we should have had no four human witnesses at all, but four "organ-pipes " through which one Divine Spirit played one and the same tune. Thus writes Mr. Birks : " In the history of our blessed Lord four testimonies have been provided ; and though each is distinct, they,. * The Bible and Modern' Thought. By the Rev, T. R. Birac, I U.A. New edition, with an attendix, 1882. ' have been closely woven together into one seamless robe of historical truth. One evident purpose, ful- filled by this peculiar structure of the narrative, is to «ccure, by the concurrence of four human witnesses, to strong and clear a proof of reality in the Divine portraiture, as to force conviction upon every thought- ful and candid mind. To r.cglcct the human author- ship in this case, is thus to run counter to the plain design of the Holy Spirit, in choosing this particular foira for the message. It turns the pledges of truth and sincerity, in the voice of the four Evangclis's, into stumbling-blocks and paradoxes; and robs the Gospel of one main clement in their moral power, (pp. 479, 480.) ,k , Of that which foims the topic of Bishop Colenso s volume, Mr. Birks thus speaks : " The Pentateuch is the first main portion of the «ncred history,-the basement or pedest.il on which all the later books repose. The human clement, in the doctrine of its inspiration, consists in its being the genuine work of Moses; the Divine, in its bein? a real fcift from the Spirit of God, and composed under His heavenly teichmg and guidance. Experience and reason prove alike that these two elements are so closely uni'ed, as tobo virtually inseparable. Once deny the Mosaic authorship, and the strongest pledge for the Divine authority of the book disappears, and isicplaccd by a presumption of its merely human character; and indeed that it is nothing better than a skilful and successful forgery. How can we poa iibly believe that a scries of Divine messages have begun with nn open fraud on the credulity of man- kind?_The genuineness of the Pentateuch, the luman elemsnt in its composition, is thus the logical starting point, by which alone we are guided into an apprehension of its true character, as the word of the living God, the ¡pure nnd holy fountain-head of all -later revelations to mankind." (p. 479.) Bishop Colenso admits his inability, rciembling , that of Coleridge, to grasp this double truth. Hu ssys : " God is my witness ! what hours of wretchedness have I spent at times, while reading the Bible de- voutly from day to day, and reverencing every word ot it as the Word of God, when petty contradictions met me, which seemed to my reason to conflict with the notion of the absolute historical veracity of every part of Scripture, and which, as I felt, i« the study of any other book, we should honestly treat as errors or miestutcments, without in the least detracting from tie Jeal value of the book ! But, in those days, I was taught that it was my duty to fling the suggestion fromme at once, ' as if it were a loaded shell, Bhot into tte fortress of my soul,' or to stimp out desperately, as w ith an iron heel, each spark of honest doubt which God's own gift, the love of truth, had kindled in my tobom. And by many a pitiful effort I succeeded in doing so for a season." (p. 6.) » But where was the occasion for all this " wretch edr ess" and " despt ration ?" Had he buthoncstly nnd thought fully adopted Archbishop Ussher's view, every Teal difficulty would have quickly disappeared. Mat- thew and Maik, inspired and caused to write their two grspelp, honestly said that which they believed that the women saw an angel tit the sepulchre. This waa truth from their pens, and it was also true in fact. Luke and John, with equal sincerity, wrote that the women saw two angels. And this also was a fact. How frequently, in common life, do wo see two per- sons, or two things, at one moment, and only one per- son or thing, in the same place, a few moments after ! This sort of discrepancy is nu inseparable feature in human testimony. In our own history, we find three of the chief actors or cotemporaries giving three differ- ent dates for such sn event as the raising of King , Charles's standard at Nottingham; while the king's own privatesecretary gives a wrong date, by a whole montn, for Charleys departure from Oxford. And if four men had witnessed tile murder of Mr. Perceval in the House of Ccmmons, and had, separately and apart, written four narratives of the occurrence, there would have been like discrepancies, and yet probably no untruth. This is universally found to be the case. We sec, as a fact, that it did not seem good unto the HOLV GHOST to exclude all such immaterial discre- pancies from tho Gospels. And we may easily discern, ts aprobable reason, what would have been the in- evitable result of making all the four Gospels alike in every paiticular. Men would have reasonably ob- jected thatnever, since books and writing were known, had foui independent witnesses been found to give precisely the same account of any transaction. This narrative, therefore, they woulci hive argued, or rather, these four narratives, all so marvellously alike, were evidently concocted,-the whole was a concerted story, and the pretence of four genuine and separate witnesses was a fiction and a fraud. For want of accurate ideas, therefore, of the nature and boundaries of inspiration-in short, for want of theo- logical knowledge- did Bishop Colenso venture into the field of sceptical criticism without the needed armour, and he soon received some fearful wounds. But we cannot stop to go into his personal history ; his forty-eight pages of preface and introduction must be passed over without further remark : for tile sub- stance of his book consists oi about 130 pages of " in- superable difficulties," designed to lead the reader to conclude, first, that the Pentu'cuch was never written by Moses ; and, secondly, that it is in many parts un- true, and, as a whole, a monstrous and incredible iable ! To these 130 pages we must now address our- selves ; for if they should prove to bo worthless, then the "prefatory" and "concluding" remarks can have no kind of value or importance. The Bishop's theses, then, are these two : 'Tlut the; Pentateuch, as a whole, cannot possibly luve been written by Moses, or by tiny one acquainted personally with the facts which it professes to describe ;" and secondly, "that the so-called Mosaic narrative, by whomsoever written, cannot be regarded as histori- cally true." (p. 8.) Let us see, then, what are the criticisms by which he hopes to establish these two fearful charges. 1\. That with which he opens his attack, astonishes us by its narrowness of view, and its carping spirit. It turns upon this verse, in the account of the migra- tion of Jacob's family into Egypt : "And the sons of Judah, Hi; and Onaii, and Shelah, and Pliarez, and '¿arah ; but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan; and the sons of Pliarez, TTe:ron, and Hamul." (Gen. xlvi. 12.)* Bishop Colenso then sets to work to prove, that Herron and Hamul could not have been horn at the time of the migrn'ion : and hence, that the whole nar- rative . un'rue, and unhistorical. D-^s he deal with oth'- stciians after this fashion? _.?> there nothing in lie. (lotus or Xenophon but exact, literal truth ? Or. when ho finds nn incorrect statement in these writers, does he throw their works aside, as " not his- torical, because not true?" If so, then he can have no history at all, and is in perfect darkness as to all the past. "Aye, but we are dealing with 'inspired writings' now, and have a right to look for absolute truth." Has Bishop Colenso never considered the question ef inspiration in its various bearings ? Does he not know that no writer of any authority supposes that the Holy Spirit inspired men with the knowledge of tim commonest facts, or of things which passed under their own observation? Scott's definition of inspira- tion runs thus :- i " Such » complete and immediate communication, by the Holy Spirit, to the minds of the sacred writers, of those thinr/s which could not otherwise have heen Xtwicn ; and such an effectual supeiintèndency, as to those particulars concerning which'they might other- wise obtain information, as sufficed absolutely to pre- serve them from every degree of error in.all things which could in the least degree affect any of the doc- trines or precepts contained in their writings." This distinction is obvious, reasonable, and import- ant. Por instance : The details of the creation of the world would,, in all probability, be' immediately im- parted by the Creator to the mind of Moses ; for these were events, which occurred when no human being was present to record1 them. But when Moses himself had a cpnferenee with Pharoah, he would be able to deicnbe whot, had passed without any speci_,aidfroiri the Holy Spirit. t And when we meet with genealogies and family-lists, such as this in Genesis xlvi., and in Chronicles, imd in Matthew i.-and-Lulíé iii ,'the «lost rational supposition is, that they were copied from the I publicrecords.thèn extant.. This list, then, ia Genesis xlvi., was'not given by Moses on his,'own personal, knowledge ; for it con cerneel'tn event which happened long before his time, It was not given to him by "an immediate communi- cation from the Holy Spirit ;" for, had it been so, it would have been "perfect, and liable to no oriticism. ft was, there, can be no'doubt, an ojd recorJ, written in J»çpb's or Joseph's ,days, and' handed down to.the tunes\pf Moses. .It could not have been vVritten in the IfiL £9' fwgïttfwn, for it (probably) contains the names of somewho were not,then horn. Or, perhaps, 71?**5*fc ^u "WnaT been.writtenat .that :£'_;. amM?i?, received additions and corrections ^.ttwards., . Thus the verse before'us-may have stood V And the eons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and . It is rather unfortunate that BUhon Colenso's xnrc «mt "'"«' ff_ÄtoH___i?of ^--*ÄÄC Ä m: * Ttat Ph"ez had twoso_.%_od_irtheir Shelah, and Phare?, and Zarah : but Er and Ouan died m the land of Canaan." And subsequently, the brief sentence may hive been added : " And the sons of Pharez were He/ron mid Hamul " ., . _ ._ In this form the document would come into the hinds of Moses, and thuB would it be transferí ed into hishistoiy. , We ought not to forget, however, that there is another solution of the whole difficulty. In Genesis x_vi. 34, we leam that Esau (twin with Jacob) wis foi tv years old when he took to wife the Hittitss' daughtei. This gave lUbekih the excuse for sending Jacob away. (Gen. xxvii. 46.) Hence, if he reached Laban's hou-e in his forty-first year, and was married to Leah and ltachel in his forty-eighth, there would remain a period of more than eigh'y years before his going down to Egypt, when he was 130 years of age. (Gen. xlviit. 9.) In this interim, there was abundnnce of lime for Jucuh's bitth and marriage, the death of Er and Onan, the birth of Phare/, and his marriage, and the birth of Ilc/ron and Hamul. It seems strange that this very obvious solu'ion should never have occurred to Bishop_ Colenso; but we can- not see that he even alludes to it. * Bicbop Colenso, however, demands, even in matters of this kind, perfect accuracy, and nbsolute certainty. In other words, he loses signt altogether of the human element; or forgets that, wheiever man is found at work, there error will invariably bs found to accom- pany him. Is the Bible, then, full of errors ? No, not full ; but in several places, Buch as that before us, and in the accounts of the Resurrection, and in the accounts of Judas's death, discrepancies have been pointed out. Those discrepancies, however, concern no docirinc, or precept, or important fact. What, for instance, can be more immaterial than the question now before us,-whether Hezron and Hamul were born before the migration, o* a few years after ? Or what matters it, whether one angel, or two, appeared to the women ? Or what importance is it, whether Judas died of simple strangulation, or whether the rope broke, and he tell, and burst asunder in the fall ? But Bishop Colenso, after this most weak mid futile commencement, plunges into his own peculiar element, and favours us with a series of arithmetical problems. These, at fit st, interest us by their novelty ; but we soon find them altogether vain and nugatory, and then they grow inexpressibly tiresome. 2\. The first of these is as petty as the contention about Hezron and namul ; but it is far more prepoa tcious. Bishop Colenso finds repented commands in Exodus and Numbers, that "the whole congregation" shall appear before the door of the Tabernacle, or "befóte the Lord." He takes out his pencil, and begins to calculate. The whole width of the Taber- nacle WHS eighteen feet; therefore he argues, that, " allowing two feet in width for each full-grown man, nine men could just have stood in front of it." And thus " the whole congregation, in raBks of nine each, allowing eighteen inches between each rank, would have reached a distance of more than 100,000 feet, in fact, nearly Ucenty miles !" (p. 33.) And hence he concludes, that " it is inconceivable how, under such ciicumstsnces, the whole congregation could have been summoned to attend at the door of the Taber- nacle, by the express command of Almighty God." (p. 34.) Not more " inconceivable" than a grown man, who has hitherto been supposed to have an average know- ledge of ordinary aflaus, should complacently print and publieh auch trash as this ! The first thought that will occur to most readers is, Where can this writer have been living, that he should be so utterly in the dark as to the commonest usages of mankind? Matthew of Westminster tells us, that in A.D. 1297, the king being involved in two wars, and finding it necessary to lay heavy burdens on the people, sum- moned the people of London to meet him at West- ' minster Hall, where he addressed them, and explained his position. Bishop Colenso might take out his pencil, demonstrate that 50,000 or 100,000 people ' could not stand in, or in iront of, Westminster Hall, ' and to prove that the stoiy was " inconceivable,1' and , that Matthew's chronicle was " unhistoricnl," i.e. untrue. But all common-place people could tell the Bishop, that such things occur in common life, every year ;-that 20,000 men. are frequently summoned to meet in Guildhall, wliich could not admit one quarter of them. WTe allude to these cases merely to show that, among men, nothing is more common than to summon a vast multitude to a place, without expecting ' one-fifth of them to.attend. We know, indeed, that the summons to appear before the Tabernacle was a summons to an infinitely more august and awful meet- ing. But the ' Israelites were often forgetful, un- grateful, and rebellious. We will assume, however, that, on some occasions, great multitudes would gather round the Tabernacle. And, in such a.view, w c's ay that nothing could be more absurd than Bishop ' Colenso's idea, that they would stand in a. Close column, composed of ranks of nine men each, with eighteen inches between each rank ! Has Bishop Colenso lived until the mid age of man, without having often beheld large assemblies of people ? At a county meeting, at a borough election, or before an attractive booth in a fair, large numbers will often congregate. But did any msn ever behold, or did any man before Bishop Colenso ever dream of, such a thing as a vast assemblage of this kind drawn up in close column, nine men in a lank, with eighteen inches between each rank ? Such a notion seems to bespeak a man who has lived in a college-quadrangle all his days, and never saw real, living, every-clay men and women. Practically, hovvcvvi, the objection comes to this : That, because the people ol Israel in the wilder- ness were veiy numerous, therefore it is " incon- ceivable " that God should llave called upon them to appear befoie Him at any particular time or phce. And, so stripped of the abiurd details which Bishop Colenso has tlirovvn around it, we believe that ninety-nine men out of every hundred would reply, that they saw nothing "inconceivable" in it. 3\. The next objection is only a duplicate of the last. That Moses should call the people around him, and read to them all the words of the law, is ssid to be "inconceivable," because the people were so many. Xet men of all kinds, learned men, critical mea, as well as humble and teachable men, have read these plain averments of the Pentateuch for these many hundred years, and have found nothing inconceivable or incredible in them. 4\. Then comes the question of the extent of the camp, and the difficulty of carrying on the ordinary aflaits of life, in a ma«s of people " forming a move able city of twelve miles square." But how is it that Bishop Colenso forgets that the passage of the-Israel ites is not the only instante upon record, of the march I of sn enermous muss of people ? Herodotus tells us, that the army of Xerxes consisted of 5,283,220 men. We do not hastily admit that statement ; but we do not charge Herodotus with falsehood. Mr. Grote sajs, that "the disparaging remarks which it has drawn down upon Herodotu», Brein no way merited." He adds, that "we may well believe that the numbera of Xerxes' army were greater than were ever assem- bled in ancient times, or perhaps at any known epoch." Bishop Ihirlwall takes the reduced estimate, of those who actually passed the Hellespont, at "1,700,000 foot, and 80,000 horse,-" and adds, "There eeems no sufficient ground for supposing that these estimates are grestly exaggerated." But if Bishop Colenso had taken either of these estimates as the basis for a series of arithmetical conundrums, he would easily have satisfied himself that the stories of Herodotus were " unlnstorical," snd perhaps wholly untrue ; and pro- bably he would have gone on to saj-, as he has done in the case of the Pentateuch, that " the book, as a whole, could not possibly have been written by Hero- dotus, or by any one acquainted personally with the facts which it professed to describe." i One other remark, mado by Bishop Colenso, at the CIOBG of this sixth chapter, presents asad proof, of the carelessness with which many of his accusations have been penned. He copies Leviiiçu» »v. 11,13, as com- manding that i "the priest a_.ll carry fbrth without fie, camp, __e skin of,the bullock, his head, his legs.'V e.,- "and burn-him on the-wJod with fire." iHe then adds, " the offal of these sacrifice« would have had to be carried by Aaron himself,- or one of his sons, a distance of six miles." "The »opposition involves an absurdity.' But it i« our duty-to look plain facts in the iaoo.V (p. 40.) ? - , ¡ Why, then, did notiBishop Colenso look thi» plain fact in the face? Why, before he built an objection on the narrow ground that " he," the priest,' must carry forth the- offal, did he not look, either to-the Hebrew or to theVSeptuaginf? ~In the Hebrew, aa Mr. Joseph¡M'Caul has 'already reminded' him','he would! have found' that the phrase "carry .forth"' would have been moie literally translate-, ». cause to' go forth," t'.e,, get rid of, or send away. - In the Septuagint he would have found,'that whtle'in verses 7, 8, Si, " he," the priest, is constahtly'spok'en of-in v. 11,12, the translator changesjit to " they," mean- ing, obviously, the priest and i_i_ attendant». And so the .Bishop!, supposed f< absurdity", vanishes." Ho" haa foundj in.fact,lwhat isvulgarlyicalled "amare's nest.!', i n .ii , --j j' , , A , r g> 6» 7. These next three objections are given in .J* H?ish..DP C5 _!° hl"} fOMoltei Wennicott and Horsley, he 5?l_ÍhÍ_AS&d.t;,,topr0?0o_ ful]y »««V, Or. Kernott ho. shown, that the stay of Jacob in Padan-aram,' often nastily'sop _^.Mhaw*^Uen_7J»eaM» ftom Gm i«U41Jm_thave K'1 If"'twlco 'Senty y«*". w al'ow time for the transactions M £_ ¿fT1-' XIX\Ho «;PP<»«s Jacob to have been J7 at the time of his marriage, and not 77, as often supposed. But the real a_e chapters vii, vin., ix. They are alt petty, and of no value. Bishop Colenso is astonished that the numi bers of the ptople in Exodus xxxviii. and in Numbers i. thould be the some. As if it were at nil improbable that a census, once taken, should be kept, and used for calling over the people six months afterwards ; the difference, probably, being too inaignificent to bo noticed. Then comes an objection to the statement, that the children of Israel "dwelt in tents." Bishop ColenBo finds that 200,000 tents would have been necessary, and then asks, "How did they acquire thete?"" It has been replied, that moat titavellers in the East could inform Bishop Colenso, that even now, tlie common Arab tent, for a whole family, consists of little move than a long shawl, stretched over a few sticks. The third objection is, that the children of Israel are said to have been " armed ;" where did they get all thfBe arms ? Now, premising that a statement that a body of men were armed, and dwelt in tents, would never be taken to imply that every man had his sword, and shield, and javelin, and his own tent, we simply send Bishop Colenso back once more to the case of Xerxes. 1,700,000 swords and spears, and 80,000 hoiscs, would prove more perplexing than even the tents and arms ot the Israelites. But really this sort of hole-picking is wretched work. 8\. The tenth chapter is given to the Passover, and the eleventh to the march out of Egypt. In both, "incredibility" is the charge. But why more in. credible than five hundred other statements, both in tlie Old and in the New Testament ; or than a thou- sand other facts which we read in history ? Even in the chronicles of our own little island, we read, that in 1297 King Edward I. sent over from the Nether- lands a summons to his liegemen to meet him at York to proceed to Scotland to chastise Wallace. And we arc assured that, even in the short days of January, there assembled at Yoik 100,000 foot soldiers, and 4000 horse. Now, remembering that York itself was enly a town of less than 10,000 inhabitants, we might easily propose some of Bishop Colenso'« questions : How were these 100,000 men and 4000 horses lodged, in the days of snow mid frost? Where did they find 20,000 tents? Who provided them with food and drink, &c.;, &c.; Yet we start none of these difficulties ; but, finding the statement in credible writers of the very time, we accept it as being something near to the truth. 9\. Next we have a number of questions as to the maintenance of the children of Lrael in the desert. The answer to this part of the case is very simple, and very easy. Bishop Colenso proves, from divers travel- lers, that the wilderness was a wilderness ; and he then argues that how vast numbers of sheep and ' oxen could bo maintained in it, is inconceivable, and the fact itself incredible. We fihall not qusrrel with ' his views of the matter any further than by observing, that those views are imperfect, and therefore untrue. He fiist forgets that the bordering countries, Moab, Midian, Edom, &c;, were then in a far more prospe- rous condition -than they have ever been in modern times. The change to their present sterility has been the result of the Divine judgments, denounced in Jer, xlviii.', Ezek. xxv., xxxv., Amos i., ii. ; and it forms no inconsiderable element of the question. But his main omission consists m resting nil his cslculitions j on a supposed ordinary state of things. The passage of the Israelites is ntver represented in Scripture as a customary or ordinary transaction, but as wholly supernatural. Throughout the whole of Moses' ad- dress to the Israelites in Deuteronomy, this view of the case is constantly insisted on : " He knoweth thy walking through this gre&t; wilderness ; these forty ' years the Lord thy God hath been with thee ; thou hast lacked nothing." (Deut. ii. 7.) "Thou shalt remember aU the w_y which the Lord thy God led ! thee these foity years m the wilderness.Thy raiment waxed not old, neither did thy foot swell, these forty years." (viii. 2-i.) " I bave led you ' forty years in the wilderness ; your clothes are not ( waxen old upon you, and thy snoe is not waxen old i upon thy foot. You have not eaten broad, nor drunk ! wine; that ye might know that I am the Lord." (xxix. 5, 6.) - t Throughout Scripture the passage of the Israelites through'the wilderness is spoken of as a wonderful ', and a Divine work. The angel who accompanied the , Israelites.(Exod. xxiii. 20) was " the Angel of the ; Covenant " ; HE who, when on earth, by one mo- ment*« volition, made five loaves .a sufficient provision ' for five thousand men ; and, by a similar act of power, , brought an hundred and fifty-three greaVfishea to the side of Peter's boat, where, previously, there was not, one to be found. To measure the acts of such a Being as this by human limits and human experience is the merest folly. (To be continued.J 