A few days ago, summer was generally understood to liavo arrived. The pro cess of moulting seemed already to have begun, and a change from warm wool- ens to cooler " fabrics - — as tailors and drapers insist upon calling the materials with which we cover ourselves — was manifestly beginning to operate. Now, however, we have gone back to leaden -Bkies, weeping clouds, muddy streets, and the universal employment of um- orellas. The world out of doors lives at this moment beneath silk, alpaca, and gingham. - The thermometer has sunk from 85 in. the shade to 00 in the 8un, if that can be called in the sun where there is nothing in -.the arch overhead .save one blank pall - of sullen humidify ' alternated by the briefest intervals of blue. The domestic fire lias been re-lighted, the ;snugness of indoors has . been exalted into .it's proper ascendancy, the bleak winds of the south-West , or south-east— for they do not seem' perfectly clear as to their source — come shrewdly up from their antarctic home among the icebergs, and. whistJe round' our dwellings brmgin0- \- with them all sorts 'of associations.. -Tire -topic of the. time, is the weather. You- s. cannot take a dozen stops-.along the street but you are met by somebody dolorously exclaiming that the weather is execrable, . or . that winter, has come again, or that we : were all mistaken in supposing that summer had arrived. .All sorts of post ponements tako place in consequence of this recurrent-, rain., ' Esthetic gentle men who give readings and .lectures in the suburbs to Christian Young Men's Institutes, repair to the scene of their promised labours prepared to enlighten, to instruct, to . amuse, and generally to astonish by the oxtent of their erudition and tho marvellousnoss of their elocu tionary attainments, and. they find possibly nine adults and half-a-dozen boys, with blue uoses aiid cold feet, awaiting them, ready to award such glacial applause as may be possible under the circumstances. The theatres suffer proportionately from the same cause; and if Kemble, Edmund Kean, Macueady, Rachel, and Feciiteii wore combinodin tho. person of one stupendous phenomenon of liis- triosic genius, he would scarcely be able to draw full houses on such nights as wo have had of late. Nothing short of life and death, or a dishonoured bill, or a capricious and jealous mistress, or the duties;of a journalist, could scarcely induce any sane man to venture forth at the certain risk of being wetted to the skin, chilled to the bone, and made utterly miserable throughout his whole nnimal economy. It is undeniable that these thermo- metrical and hygrometrical changes .influence us very much more than we are at first sight, perhaps, disposed to admit, and it is neither ill- timed nor unprofitable to consider how far our social progress is modified by tho re currence of' these contingent conditions. If ethnological distinctions are caused by climatic influences, and if climato consists simply in tho range of the thermometer and tho density of the atmosphere, then is it certain that this present rain will exercise a modifying effect upon our destiny, tho extont of which nobody can well foresee. Those who are given to indulge in nice specu lations and subtle imaginings, tell us that the smallest disturbance of the ocea a is communicated by undulations to the remotest part of the great world of waters. A stone dropped into the sea, say at Iceland, would thus cause a tremor of the waves that wash the southern shores of the south island of New Zealand, or the plungo of one of the sable beauties of Tahiti into tho depths that encompass that Elysian member of tbe groat Polynesian group would communicate a disturbance that should be felt at Spitsbergen. In like manner, tho influence of this unex pected rain may be traced in the future by its consequent operation upon our remote posterity. Without going too deeply however into speculations which rather affect our descendants than ourselves, it may not be entire unprofitable to consider how we are influenced by the direct and immediate operation of what seems to be an accidental interruption of the usual cycle of meteorological pheno mena, more especially as concerns some of our domestic habits and modes of living. It is very manifest that we are yet undergoing but a pro bationary experience of the sea sons of this part of tho world. We have taken a sample of wea ther ns the probable representative of all the rest that may occur, and when we discover that the course we have marked but as tho normal succes sion of events is distinguished as much by cont:ngencies as by a close adhe rence to the arbitrarily settled course we have defined upon scarcoly sufficient data, we -try to assure ourselves that the seasons are changing. And yet we have had aforetime seasons of ex cessive rain, and floods that have de stroyed much property, and for all that we have gone about ns if floods were impossible, and as if rain could come only upon days indicated by the nlmanac. In this spirit we have spent our money, both public and private, and hence at this moment there are few houses in this city which are not either flooded below, or saturated through the roof. As to back-yards and rights-of-way,, they aro canals or lagoons, as tho case may be. In the matter of roads and. bridges up the country, it is said that within the last few days property lias been destroyed to the extent of more than thirty thousand pounds, and- we have had a melancholy instance in which not only property, but human life has been sacrificed by tho non-observance of those indications which former wet seasons might have afforded. It is confessedly the most valuable kind of wisdom which comes from experience, and perhaps in this belief we shall go on putting up insecure wooden bridges for some time longer, when all at once we shall discover that stone structures with solid foundations are after all both the safest and the cheapest. Perhaps we may in time too, find out that it is possible to build houses which are capable of enduring sudden changes of weather without suffering disintegra tion. .If practical wisdom should indeed come to us in this way, we may not greatly regret the tempestuous squalls which are passing over us just now about every half hour or so. The Himalaya, with tho 50th Regiment on board, arrived in tbe Bay ye9tcr.lay afternoon, after a passage of sevctity-nine days from Eng land, bringing English nevs to the 10th- Sept. The troop's consist of 810 rank snd file , and 40 officers, under the . coinniimd of Lieut. Col. R. Waddy, &B;, who arc eu route for New Zea- : land to reinforce' GencfaljCamcron's army. The following nrc tlie names of the ship's officers ; Edward; Lacy, captain; G. D. C. Henderson, eenler lieutenant ; N. C. Baron, and V. 8. Vauder Meulon, lichtpnants ; John Thompson, master ; W. J. Griui'dy, second master ; W. T. .Wilson, surgeon ;T. H. Symons, chief engineer; H. B. Wyritcr, assistant surgeon ; Norcott D. ,E. Roberts; assistant paymaster ; C. H. Stone, ditto. The names of the office: a of the 50th ate as follows Lieutenant Colonel and Colonel R. Waddy, C. B. ; Majors and Brigade Lieutenant Colonels If. E.v We ovc, and F. G. Hamley; Captain R. M.' Barnes ; ' Captain and Brevet Major D. W. Tupper;. Captains G. W. Bun- .bury,. J. Thompson, R. II. P. Doran, T. D. Lee, C.R. Johnson, W. ptinbtar, and C. A. F.Creagh; Lieutenants F. Fnlkner, W. H. Wilson,' H. E. W: Preston, 0, it King, G. H. Turner, W. H. 'Barker, W. R.,Wlilte, W. Lr-JHcury, O., Gold smith, nnd J. H. Vender Meulen; Ensign J. F. F. Rolleston, C. M. Churchill, G J.C. Allar- dice, A.yS. Campbell, D. L. Grnnt, J. E. C. Doveton, K. Douglas, A. Hunt, and II. R. Worthington; Captain and i'ayinnrter J. Nolan; Lieutenant and Adjutant E. Lcaeli; Quarter master J. Turner; Surgeon J. Frnser, M.D.; Assistant Surgeons G. F. Davis, and H. Lamb j Mrs Waddy, Mrs Bunbtiry, Mrs Crengh, and Mrs Nolan, with Mr and Mrs Gosner, wore amongst the passengers. Tho Himalaya wlfch putin for the. purpose of coaling, will probably leave the Bay' this afternoon. The annual nomination of candidates to re present tlie various wards in the City Council was held yesterday. In only one of tho wnrds was tho retiring Councillor re-ilcetod, Mr .Lyons being returned without opposition for Latrobeward. For Gipps ward,- Mr Hughe, whoso term of office lias expired, was opposed by Mr J. Cowcll, but tho show of hands was declared in favour of tho former. In Uourko ward and Smith ward, the old Councillors, Mr Grant and Mr Wecdow inet with opposition at tbe hands of Mr J. Phillips and Mr J. F. Arnold, but tho new men wcro declared to be in a decided minority. The polling for these three ward will come off on Thursday, tho 5th inst, - between the liouvs of nine a. in. an I four p.m. There will be no clectiou for Lonsdale ward, as, according to tbe opinion of counsel, the Mayor, who is the present representative of that division of the city, will not vacate his sent till November next. In the moan time tho several candidates' are doing their utmost to woo tho sweet voices of tho burgesses. Mr Arnold, one of tho nominees for Gipps Ward, held a meeting last night at the Foresters' Arms Hotel, and again another one nt nine p.m., at the Seven Stars Hotel, Madeline-street. At the latter meeting tne following resolution was carried; — "That tho electors now present protest against the decis'on of Alderinnn Harbison, in declaring tho sh-iw of hands in favour of Mr Weedow, when the electors now pre: en t declare that the majo rity was largely in favour of Mr Arnold." An unanimous vote of confidence in Mr Arnold was ogiecd to. The state of tho weather, which during the Inst week lias caused so much discomfort to Mel bourne residents, has been rqunlly unseasonable throughout all the country districts. The pro vincial journals arc full of accounts descriptive of what may certainly be regarded ns rocterco- loglcnl phenomena. It is agreed on all bauds that tho present season is most exceptional in its character, and the readings of the barometer in ail parts of the colony for some days previous to tlie commencement of the present bad weather has been sue); as to warn us of unusual atmos pheric disturbances. The state of the roads in- nil directions is a prolific topic of complaint, and in many places traffic lias been cutirely suspended. Speaking of the inclement weather, a contemporary says: — "In connection with these atmospheric .phenomena, it is worthy of remark that two eclipses — one solar, the other lunar — will take place this month. An annular eclipse of tbe sun will take place on tlie 11th inst. It will be visible nt Melbourne and other places in the colony, beginning at 6'40pm., and ending after sunset. A partial eclipse of the moon will take place on tlie 25th inst. The end will be visible in the metropolis erd else where, the moon rising eclipsed. The isst contact with shadow will take place at 8'1C p.m. Wo might ask meteorologists whe'her the ap proaching eclipses have anything to do with the rainy weather and other characteristics of fho present season V We have Hobart Town advices to the 30th, and Launccstbn to the 3lst ultimo, but the intelligence is meagre: — The Hobart Mercury- says great complaints are made nt Invercnrgill in reference to the hay shipped from Hobart Town ; in same instances lumber, and lu others mouldy rotten rubbish, being packed in tlie bales. The following is an extract from a pri vate letter on the subject : " We have ha-1 great complaints about the hay being pressed with bucIi immense pieces of timber. The loss is serious. We lind some of the bales weighed ; then removed the wood, and found the pieces weighed oGllis, and, In same Instances more." An action was commenced yesterday in tlie Supreme Court, against the Board of Land and Works, by a contractor, named James Burns, for work and labour done iu the erection of a bridge end; approaches on the Bnllanrat and Amherst road. The amount claimed was L2100, which the Board disputed. The case will be resumed this morning. . The cases tried at the General Sessions yes terday were of slight public interest, two sailors, Jnraes Murray and George Stewart, being sen tenced to a year on the roads for maliciously- using tho knife; three housebreakers, Ennis Randall, John Cammed, and Alfred Smith, re ceiving sentences, the two former of two years', and the latter of three years' hard labour. We Icarh, says the Star, that Mr Herman, the victim of the ruffians who robbed him at the Telegraph Toll-gate, is so far recovered as to be able to get about. His medical adviser, how ever, is of opinion that lie will suffer for a long time from the effects of the cowardly- assault. Wo understand, also, that Mr Sliarpe, who was injured some time since by tlie machinery at the Ballaarat East Company's works, has nearly reeovereil from the accident. With reference to the assault on Hnrman; we learn from the Star that " tli3 mystery that has enveloped the tolI-b»r outrage is now In a fair way of being fully elucidated, thanks to the vigilance and activity of our local detectives. Acting upon tho new light that recently dawned upon them, as to who the perpetrators of the outrage were, detective officers Hudson and Hyland proceeded lost week to the Blue Mountain . Rush, and after much diffi culty, thero arrested another of the supposed offenders. Tho officers brought their prisoner as for ns the Creswiok lock-up an Saturday night, and from that place to B.il- laret on Sunday. This prisoner has since been fully identified by Harmon as one of the two men who b:at him so unmercifully. Tlie offender is described ns being a powerful man, over six feet in height, and proportionately built. The prisoner will be brought before the magistrates at the Eastern Police Court this day, in company with the other man now in custody on the seme charge. A third person implicated has not been arrested ns yet, but it is anticipated that he wilt not very long elude the vigilance of the detective officers. Rumours ore afloat that one of the prisoners now in custody, more or less implicated in the outrage, will appear, not in the dock, but'in tho witness-box, when the de tails of, and the causes that led to, tlie outrage will be fully made public." From the Post of last night we learn that the two prisoners, named Watson and Short, were brought up at the Police Court, yesterday, but that, the inquiry was adjourned for a week. A deputation from the Borough Council of Sandridge will wait on .the Commissioner of Crown Lands this morning, j at- twelve o'clock, respecting a site for a manure depot for that locality. . The 43rd and 08th Regiment, from India to New Zealand, were to leave by the Arracan and tlie Lady Jocely n. ; They were to sail a few days after, tlie Himalaya. It may be of interest to some of our readers to learn that the odmira-.ly written letters of tho special correspondent of the Timos in tlie Con federate camp are from the -peii of -Lieutenant Butler, one of tlie two young Englishmen who, it will be rccellcctcd, threw themselves into Silistria, and who acquitted themselves with such conspicuous valour , in the defence of that place against the Russians, At the time of the' siege of Silistria, Lieut. Butler was special cor respondent of tbe Times in Wallachia. We aro sorry to learn that the Polytechnic ghost has met with a disaster id tlie Cnstlemaine district, which might almost be placed under tho heading of " Fatal Accidents." It is thus re lated by the Mount Alexander Mail " Up- cjiintry roads And ..rioketty. bridgffs.hayc, proved - too much for the . Polytechnic ghost.7- As our" readers. are aware, a large sheet of plate glass forms thenhlcf part of.tbe apparatus with'-whieb the optical illusion is effected. After appearing in Casllemainc/Mr 'Merlin took'hii ghost and the wizard to Kyn'etm ; they then visited Dayles- ford and Guildford. - On oil- these journeys the' ghostly glass was packed most carefully; still it received very.. severe, shakings. At.. length Mr' Merlin and -Professor Schiller attempted to reach Yandoit. ' The heavy rains had reduced the | roadi to a condition which , is better imagined than described.. A certain creek had to be passed. The vehicle containing tlie precious paraphernalia was dragged ' through tho mire with great difficulty. While on tho rough bridge, and in attempting to get It ovar, tho jolting was so severe that tlie largo sheet of glass was rcdnccd to what Paddy would describe ns .' smithereens, ' and the professor's 'magic table,' and other goods and chattels, were re duced to small atoms. Mr Merlin's loss by this nceident will bo rather heavy. It Is a wonder the vehicle was not capsized bodily into tho creek." A man named Connor Ryan was " stuck'up" on the 23rd ult, nt Viva Mile Creak, near Lancc- ileld, by four men under arras. It appears thev entered the hut Connor was living in, and ticdliim and two other men up. The robbers then ransacked the place, and took eight- onc- p'ouud notes and some silver away. It Is believed that Connor being "nn old hand," docs not liko to giro nny. information about his assailants. Wo learn that a teleg-nm had bcon received nt Ceylon, prior to the departure of tho Hima laya, that tho St Leger was won by Lord Clifilcn. Tlie Array and Navy Gnzette says that Lieut. Richardson, 70th Regiment, has been appointed (provisionally) aide-de-camp to Brigadier— General Trevor Chute, commanding at Mel bourne. The trial of the Princess Selnrri-Barberim and of her friend Cavnliere Quattromani for alleged Bourbonist tendencies has just come off in Naples. The- interest excited by it was In tense. After a trial of nearly a week tlie Princess bos boen acquitted, but Quattromani has been sentenced to ten yenr-' Imprisonment and n flue of 500 francs. The Duchess Cosal- nuovo was daily in court with the Princess. The committco cf the Melbourne Regntla held their Inst meeting, previous to tlie night of gene ral entry, at Marshall's hotel, yesterday evening — Mr Hnrcourt, of Footscrny, in the chair. Though the proceedings were of a conversational character, a deal of business was transacted. The arrangements for the reception of the Governor were completed, as far ns possible : tenders were received for the erection of tents and marquees; and the order of rowing, as advertised in Pell's Life, determined to be strictly adhered to. Com petitors arc reminded that the entries close to- u'glit, at Marshall's. Should theprcsent unpro- pitious weather change, there is no doubt that the Melbourne Regatta will be regarded as a holiday occasion, the more par.ieulnrly as it will he held on the anivcrsary of tho birth of his Royal Highness the Princo of Wales. The prizes ore at present on view at Messrs Walsh Brothers establishment in Collins street. (l. report from Peris that the Emperor has ordered the reinforcement of tlie naval squadron on the const of North America is calculated to give rise to some speculation. This will not be diminished by the additional statement that all the diplomatic agents of France nbsent on leave are ordered to return to their posts. At a meeting of the Royal Society, yesterday evening, Mr F. C. Christie, of Williamstowa, was elected a Member of Council In place of Dr Mueller, appointed Hon. Socretary. A paper was rdsd by Mr Ellery on a method of deter mining personal equation, and Dr Mueller made some remarks on n species of trnxis discovered in Mexico, from the root of which a substance resembling metallic gold bad been extracted. On Saturday night Messrs Witkowskl Brothers, Baliaarat, had a magnificent show of gold in their shop window, in BridgA street, which attracted a large crowd of spectators. Tho gold was principally lu bars; and comprised some 300(1 ounces, valued at over LI-2,000, and was the product of Ballaarat mines, both quartz and alluvial. A New York journal recently received, states that " Madame Anna Bishop and party are at tracting the most enthusiastic attention during their summer tour la tlie British provinces," It will be remembered that it was reported same time ago that this lady had been burnt to death. Pleuro-pneumonis— or, at least, some organic disease which the farriers call by this name — seems to be spreading rapidly among tlie horses of the colony. Tlie provincial journals have mentioned a number of different coses lately, In which horses lmve b.-cn found to ba afflicted wilh affections of the lungs and pleura, and we ate credibly informed that many of the cab horses of Melbourne have been and are now being treated for the complaint. We are by no means satisfied that this epidemic is appropriately designated " pleuro-pneumonin," but the fait of Its exist ence is at least wortli investigation. It Is not improbable that the adjourned ex amination into tbe result of tbe scab specific experiments at the Model Farm, which was to have been resumed to-day, will liavo to bo again postponed, in consequence of tho Inclemency of the weather. It is generally supposed tint the sheep healed with Hayes's specific will prove to bo elenn', but it is thought that the recent heavy rains will be v:ry much against a satis factory examination of the fleeces. The Queensland correspondent of n contem-. porary furnishes the following : — I learn from indisputable nutkority that the President of tlie Legislative Council, the Hon. M. C. O'Connell, is about to receive the honour of knighthood In recognition of his services to the colony. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the Hon. Gilbert Elliott, received the tender of a similar honour, but he declined it. It is not for mo to inquire into his motives for s > doing, but it is a fact that he is next heir to a baronetcy or earl dom, and he may prefer to wait for his reversion falling in. a The members of the Church of England seem to be gradually awaking to a sense of their re sponsibility to the heathen, and to nn interest in missionary labours. Besides the mission to the aborigines of this colony, they have one also to the Chinese in the neighbourhood of Yackandan- dah, wherein ten converts have already been baptised Into the. Church. Tho meeting to be held tills evening in St. George's Hall, under the presidency of his Excellency the Governor, is to be specially in aid of this latter mission, and as It is to be addressed by some clergymen who were formerly missionaries themselves, and who can there'ore speak from experience, it will no doubt be bolh interesting and instructive. The speakers are to be the Rev. G. P. Despard, late of Patagonia; the Rev. W. Chalmers, from Borneo; the Rev. A. Pyne, from St. Clair, Lake Huron ; and the Rev. H. Wilkinson, formerly of Roarkic, Northern India, In consequence of . the municipal elections there was no meeting of the City Council yesterday. , A meeting of the Melbourne Anglers' Society was held yesterday afternoon, at Marshall's : hotel, but the business was of a private nature. The Rev. Dr. Beg, who is A new Arrival in the colony, -will deliver a lecture in connexion With the Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, at the Temperance Hall, Russell street, this even ing, At eight o'clock. The euhject selected by. the rev. doctor for his lecturo is " -Diseases induced by hidulgenco in intoxicating liquors." No charge will be made for admission. There is 1 a rumour of -gold boing struck in- payable quantities at Baijnrg station, twenty- six miles fromBenalla. It may not be uninteresting to many of our readers to learn (says tho Dayleaford Express),, that witlda; a few milea of Daylesford, resides a veritable brother of Gilbert, the bushranger. He Is engaged in "tilling- a farm upon the banks of the Caliban, not far from the Farmer's Arms ' Hotel, on the Malmabnry rosid. Wo have been in&rmed; that Mr Gilbert expresses considerable regret .at the course ; of life his brother Is lead- " " I 'am 'informed (writes the Star's Melbourne correspondent) that Mr Wllmot, the Govern ment officer who acted as auctioneer at A recent ssle of . Crowit' lands in the neighbourhood of Hamilton, and, into whose conduct an inquiry was keldAt tbe instigation of a squatter in the locality, baa given notice, of action against that person in. the Supreme Court, damages being laid at a largo amount. We have reason to be lieve that tho Star's correspondent is raisin- formed." Mr Wilmot feels so much nggrtcvod at the decision of tlie Board of Inquiry, that ho has applied for leave to bring forward additional evidence, with a view of inducing them to re consider tbeir decision.- ' 