THE LIGHT LITERATURE OP OTHER DAYS. ! WnicH among us bas read the novels that delighted our grandmothers ? The age of Motion which filia the nterval between the sucsjt glow of Olivor Goldsmith and Madame D' Arblay and the orient prime of the author of " Waverley," is regarded by most as an impenetrable gloom peopled only by the nightmare phantoms of the Minerva Press. Most people, perhaps, forget that there was, or are ready to assume that there could not have been, such a thing as light read- ing in those dreadful days, red with the memory of the revolution of tho American colonies, and tho.shambles opened by anarchy in France. As a question of fact, however, there unquestion- ably was literature that passed for light. Whether it would maintain this character in reference to the standard of to- day is a very different ques- tion ; for buoyancy is wholly dependent on the medium in which the experiment is made. Very likely what floated then would sink now. There is a tide in the affairs of books as well as men ; and it may not be wholly due to any inherent aptitude for liveliness whioh this generation possesses that we find the style and taste of our grandsires slow and sombre, and cast aside those literary " square toes" in which they delighted to stand at ease, or look only in the linings of trunks for specimens of the polite and elegant literature of the last quarter of the eighteenth century. But this, too, is a precarious resource ; for the very trunks which they lined have passed away :— Q îandoqàidem dat» saut ipjis qa?qna fata Bepalohrie. And scant indeed are the remains extant when we -consider the probable mass of once existing material^ and the really short time which has since elapsed. Perhaps the best place to " prick" for speci- mens of this class of literature is an inn in some third rate country town-not the preten- tious hotel which opens,its ambitious arms to the railway, and placards ; its " Gladstonian" vintages in the coffee room, but the quiet yet capacious hostelry which this latter haB stared out of countenance. Here ycu may find a quiet elderly room commanding a fine vie tv of tho sign- board, and containing a Morphean preserve of the literature that once was " light." Here you may kill a wet day by a rather slow death. The taste for this sort of poppy seed and treacle mixture will never probably extend itself far, but, to jaded appetites, sated and gorged with the unwhole- some green fruit of certain railway bookstalls, we would recommend a course as relatively wholesome reading. The externals of the volume differ less than might have been ex posted from those of a conventional and familiar type. If it once belonged, as is probable, to a circulating library, it will show the familiar undress uniform of greasy "marble" turned up with sheepskin leather, which has descended to our own day, or at least to the Bulwer and Disraeli period. Here is a specimen before us—call it " Eugenia and Harriett," for the sake of a name that is charac- teristic without being distinctive. It runs into four thin volumes of less than two hundred pages eaob. " Eugenia" and " Harriett" prove, on opening it, to be two delightful female friends who correspond, and who in their letters pour out to each other tho story, with every inci- dent diluted in quivering gushes of emotion. One is, or believes herself to be, a'widow-the other is an opening bud of maidenhood. The elder lady has inspired a French nobleman of the highest and purest principles with the ten- derest and most,.hopeless of passions ; the younger speedily fascinates the supposed he'r to an earldom. (Suddenly ¡tis discovered that his birthright is void-that he is but a changeling for tlie rëâhheirwho died in infanoy of small-pox; and heart- rending scenes ensue. After the due amount of suffering and : sj mp .'.thy, it is dis. covered that all is right after nil-that it was the changeling who died, the reil heir who sur- vives. Meanwhile the auppósed widow is as» tonished at seeing the apparition, BB she thinks, of her husband, who of course proves no ghost, but his fleshy self rescued from Indian wiles and Spanish bonds-not the monetary but the penal-and restored by the agency of the gal- lant Marquis- de St. Hilaire to'her arms, who retires to spend the residue of his existence in the musings of romantic friendship. This is a sketch of the plot. But who shall do justice to the sentiments ? It is astonishing from how sublimi a fountain of principle all ' the emotions of the volume spring. " The world appears to consist of personages cf tho highest f iBhipn and the trnosf unsullied goodness. A portion of these suffer from the machinations of base intriguers, or the adverso chances of honourable warfare. ; Bot' the base intriguers are almost wholly i ff the stago ; wo bear of them only, or read their lotters, and they aro kept out of tight of eyes polite. A monster of female spite and treachery mingles indeed in the remoter scènes of the plot; but she is a Spanish countess who merely practises, like Calypso and Circe of old, on tho constancy of the hero, in order to keep the ball of advonture a little longer on tho roll. Tho Indians, too,-into -whose-hands -he - -falls tonoh not a hair of his * hoad-lot'tilo i the scalp-hut their obie', who liss lost a-s in tho ba'tle, solemnly ncíop's'h'rn.inttea'l ; a: his principal embarrassments ai iso from the foi urgency with which ihey endeavour to lura bi into adhesion to their tribe, ar.d their wish seo him " married and settled" among thoi The illusion of the " noble" savage, " wild woods," waa not yet dissipated, or was, in spi of the acknowledged unreality of the cbaractc kept conventionally alive for the purposes of fic tion. And this leads us to the real weakness all this class of literature. The good, if there be any, and tho bad specimens among it, have this in common-that their authors ignored the fact of life, and would not write down to human nature as they found it. In this anterialism it shows a d clension far below the parallel writers of the preceding age whom wa have mentioned, even as they sink far below the earlier models of Defoe and Swift. The drift of these writers of tho close of the eighteenth century is in curious contrast with their aim. They wished zealously to check tho.growth of false and fatal principles in society—they positively teem with pious, and, as religion was then politely understood, directly religious reflections—they are elaborately larded with moral maxims. If romance reading could implant virtue, surely the readers of these tales must have been model paragons. Such was the view which these writers took of their own vocation. On a faded cover enveloping a tale of the period we find the following advertise- ment of its virtues :— ' the chaste simplicity of its style, tbe originality Its charaoters, and tha moral whioh it conveys, rae so excellent, that it can never fade on tha recolleetion. It is impresslve. It can neither be treated with levity ni reflected on without a consciousness that we ourselves are tba children of error, and that it is only by tba prac tice of superior virtue we can expect to enjoy superior happiness." That the author, or rather authoress, thus self-commended, had some, points of popularity in contemporary eves, is plain from the fact that this is the fourth edition which drew from her this sober encomium of herself. Then we are further informed that tho spirited publisher had determined to " embellish" this reprint " with an entirely new set of engravings by very supt rior artists." Words cannot convey any other than the faintest image of tho result attained b the artists in question. Here is one of bi achievements before us as we write. A lady c the highest fashion is standing before a : music" instrument, which looks rather .like a child1 crib with a side taken out, and a big music bool set on end thereon. One of the ladios wears 01 her neck & kerchief folded into a soi cf rouleau and thrown baok-a fashio of course imported from Paris, an adopted, we '. fancy, from the toilet tber characteristic of the hals des victimes. Th attitude of the fair musician looks OB if de signed in illustration of Pope's description o certain1 inmates of the " Cave of Spleen :" Here living teapota stand, one arm leid out, One bent; the hand!» thia, and that the spout. . Yet with these high ethical aims and lavish artistic embellishments, we cannot think the literary food thus provided for the imagination was healthy, when viewed as the staple article of consumption in its own kind. With principles wholly opposite to those of Rousseau and Kotzebue, it borrowed the method of their school too largely. It sentimentalised every- thing. It drenched every action in emotions and "sensations," until a boiled cabbage soused -in melted butter gives, perhaps, the nearest idea of the result on the taste of the reader which any physical analogy can convey As regards style and manner, the work is in literature what the copper-plate copy-slip, with capitals and flourishes, is in penmanship-not natural, but utterly above and beyond nature. The conversation of the vorious characters, too, or their correspondence, differ the one from the other just as small text differed from round-hand, and round-hand from large hand-not otherwise-not as handwritings differ, i.e. naturally ; for nature has been, as a preliminary process, evaporated away from the writer's conception of men and manners. ' We proceed to cull another specimen. It consists of four thick and goodly volumes, which ore to those of the previous work a6 the fat to the. lean kine of Pharaoh's vision. The hero is a younger brother, with a soul above the peerage and estates to which his elder bro- ther is heir twice removed, but into which the latter duly steps in the last ohapter of the last volumo/a'ter tiro opportune deaths. Tho heroine is a charming creature, full of spirit and fire pl nature, the daughter of a colonist of the New World, before the visions of pure and perfeot liberty bad received ' the rude dissipation which we have lived to see. She is throughout the work the victim of unprincipled intreague ; de- coyed, abducted, and distressed, wandering in post chaises and stage-waggons ; changing a gorgeous hat and richly-laced mantle for a squat and faded bonnet and a handkerchief-pattern ßhawl ; often nearly rescued, but by the machinations of the vile and the self-interest of tho mercenary again thrown back into the toils; until, roving at large in the wilds of London, she stumbles upon her own fathor, whom the hazards of a lawsuit and the chances of an inheritance have brought thither from the wilds of America. Tho hero finds her sitting on his knee in strict filial em- brace, and is prepared in hasty ignorance to re- nounce he^.for eyer, and with her the belief in tho purity of womanhood and the hopes of a blissful fexistencé. Then follows the explana- tion, and a scone which resembles a passago from tho libretto of an opera done, into prose. We lay down the book with the thought that' all is over at. last; but no-the same villany which has so long practised on the daughter's happiness now besots the father to whom Bhe is thus suddenly restored. Embarrassments arising from the lawBo.it throw bim unexpectedly into arrest for debt, from which he is as unexpectedly relieved by the lofty generosity of another damsel errant, who o'rcu'ates" through tbe story, cherishing a hope- less passion for the hero, with no apparent object except that of serving thiB exigency of the plot. " Never had any circumstance merely pecuniary," " we' here read, " so warmed , and elevated the heart," of that model man, trie lover; until, in the, transports proper to tho situation, "he hesitated not to de 'declare" that* the young lady, "ought to accept of and use tho notes " (bank notes", of course), which the letter of the \--onerous "cousin" enclosed. The author, without troubling himself, or rather herself-for hero too we aro following the outpourings of a Indy's mind- abont any acknowledgment of this bounty by tho recipients, rushes on to tho happy release of the father, the slow recovery of the moiher, who had sunk into a state of temporary lunacy through her daughter's abduction, and the nuptials of the principal parties. The roguish lawyers are exposed and ruined ; tho rakish captain, who had persecuted tho heroine,-exohanges in tho twinkling of nw eye his commission for ono in a corps goiniç to the Capo, and so escapes tho righteous ven- geance of the released fa'.her and reinstated lover ; and (he curtain falls on clasped hands, heaving bosoms, and gushing eyes. Here is a specimen of the grandiloquence which gives, by its contrast with the hob-a-nob style of our most popular present novelists, a sort of fantastic relish to the fancy diologue of other days. The " heavy" father loquitur, in reply to urgent en- treaties to abandon his projeot of return t« Amarica: " Yon agree' with ms that trno philanthropy does not oonaldt ia loving John, sod Tooma», «ed Georg«, tai James, broanaj thoy are our brothers, our cousin-, out nrigbbours, our oouotrymen, but in benevolence to th« * ta ole human raoo. ll that bo true, Itt me atk jo« whether I tao be thoroughly contented here, wberel see that the miaeiiea Inflicted by tbe eocial compact greatly eicoed the happiness derived ire m it ; nbc re I observe an artificial polish, glaring bat faileciouB on one Bitte, and OD tho other rea) and bitter wretchedness; where for s prest part of the year my e rs are every «eek abocke* by the cries of hawkers, informing mo who has been dragged to execution ; and where, to como directly borne, it is at the mercy of any rascal, lo «bom I have giver) an opportunity of cheating me ont of tea pound», ta ewear e debt against me and carry me to tbe abodes af horror, wiero the malefaotor groans io iron», the debtor' lan. imbibes in despair. . Ia or ia not this piolure trut 7 , Wherever a thinking man enjoys the most uninterrupted domestic felicity, and sees his species the most content that is his country. On thia burst of eloquence, which would have done justice to any " stump " in the new country or any pot-house of tho subsequent Hunt-and- Cobbett period in the old, we make no comment. The race of lady novelists has not become extinct nor is likely'to become extinct, on either side of the Atlantic ;" though they probably appeal to no more such standards of opinion as universal " philanthropy " and the " social com pact." But what is worth remarking is, that the stately minuet movement of the above sample is maintained throughout the four volumes. Tte attempts at humour have a gravity of their own. Landladies are mercenary and servants artful ; but all keep the buskin and the strut, and but faintly relieve the tragic gloom which they are meant to enliven. We sigh for a passage of tho artless Partridge, or a sally of the random Roderick ; but the mantle of Fielding and of Smollett has not descended to this morphine-tinctured period, in which our grandmothers first loved and- crédite posteri— even laughed. That mantle has been torn to tatters, and woven up again with heavier fibre, to form wrappings for the mummies of the sepulchral literary period between the ages of Tom Jones and Waverley. Perhaps, we ought, on the whole, to be thankful that these venerable fantoccini of the romancer's art have been swept into the duet-bin of time. Yet, as children, when the wet has spoilt the garden or damped the park, love to ransack an ancient wardrobe, and to array themselves in what they find, it may be found amusing, and even by contrast, instruc- tive, to rifle again this old-world frippery of fic- tion, and turn once more the discoloured pages once wept over by The race of yore - Who danced our infancy upon their knee. ========================= MUNICIPALITY OF MARRICKVILLE.-A general meeting of the Council took place at 7 p.m. on Friday, the 13th instant. Present:- The Chairman (Geraldd Halligan, Esq.), and Messrs. Andreas, Amner, and Mose ley. -The following business was transacted: The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con- firmed. It was then proposed by Mr. Amner, seconded by Mr. Moseley, and carried-That tenders be invited for the formation of a further portion of the Addison Road, according to the approved specification. The clerk re- ported that the contract entered into by William Moore, for stumping, a portion ot Gannon's Road, had been satisfactorily completed. Mr. Andreas proposed, and Mr. Amner seconded-That tenders be invited for stumping a further portion of Gannon's Road, in continuatlon of a previous contract. Carried. The finance committee passed sundry accounts furnished by the clerk, accounting to £38 0s. 8d., and brought up their report. It was proposed by Mr. Andreas, seconded by Mr. Moseley, and carried- That the report of the finance committee be adopted, and pay- ment authorised. On the motion of Mr. Andreas, seconded by Mr. Moseley, the clerk received an advance of £12 to pay expenses until the next meeting. Other minor business having been transacted, the council adjourned until Friday, the 27th Instant. WooixinnA MUNICIPAUTT.-A meoting of the Wool- lahra muniolpal oouneil was held on TuoBday, evening, the 17tb March. Présent- Mesirs. Trioketl, Holds, worth, Thompson, Oatley, Bdwirda, and Guilfoyle. Mr. Thompson was voted to the chair. The minutes of the prevlona meeting were reid and oonfirnpd. A petition was presented by Mr. Thornton, from oeiUin inhabitant! of Darling Point, in rof Upper and Lower Yarramba riadr. It was moved bf' Mr. Oatley, seconded by Mr. Guilfoyle, and cairied Tbat the patition be reoeived, and that tho matter ba referred to the improvement committee for consideration and report. The repcrt of tbe finance oommittee wa« brought np by Mr. Oatley, recommending payment of aooounta amocnting to'£51 Ar. Od. It was moved by Mr. Tbca/sor, aeoonded by Mr. Tiiokett, and oarrfed-Ttet tbs report be. adopted. The report of tbe aaaeaeaaent oommittee waa brought up by Mr. Oatley, recommendloe; tho adoption by the oounoil' of tho newly prepared aEBBSBment, It waa moved by Mr. Oatley, seconded bf Mr. Triokett, and carried-Tuât the report of the asaeaa mi nt oommittee be adopted. Notloe of motion wat banded in by Mr. Thompson, that the matter of granting permission to oertain applicants for toiftag a portion of the reserve, . at Double Biy, tor the purposes rf ' ?, i orioket , gtound. ba dlsouased at the n.xt meeting. Pursuant to nottoe it waa moved by M'. Thompson-That the report, of the improvement oommittee of Ibe loth Instant be adop'ed. Tue motion waa aoconded by Mr. Triekitt, and carried. Pursuant to notice it was moved by Mr. Trickett, seconded by Mr. Holdsworth, and oirried- Tnat the oonooil will oonaenl to borrow a Bum of money not oxoeediog Ü3000, for the purpose of carrying ont per- manent impriv.ments in the mnniolpality, vii, the ereoiion ot a oaunoil ib'amcer, and' the oonatruotion of a jetty at Double Bay, and' that the council will take the necessary - stepB for carrying the Bamo into affect-' aa' soon aa possible; Prevlona to the motion being oarriod, a division waa" oalled for by Mr. Oatley, with the following result Ayes, MesBia. Triokutt. Holdswonh, Edwards, end Guil- foyle. No, Mr. Oatley. Pursuant to notloe, it wac moved by Mr. Triokelf, seconded by Mr. Holdsworth, and caned-That the oounoil will toke into oontiJeta tion the substance of an advertisement whioh appeared, in the Strati newspaper, on the D.h February last, with reference to the proposed alteration of a. portion of Nelaon- ttraot, by oortain inhabitants living in that n»fg"abourhood. .. The oounail thereupon resolved, thai . it t ia not . oompetont to any person, or persbnr, after ' having laid out or dedicated a road,, or way for pnbllo purposes,, within tbe municipality, to close or alter snob, road, or other WIBB to interfere with the same, without tbe aanotlon of the Council,; Pursuant lo uotioe, it WOB moved by Mr. Oatley, seodndediby Mr Guilfoyle, and carried-Tbat the eilorj of the Olerk of tba Council bo increased ¿00 pa annum, to date from the commencement of tba.present year. ,', A.lttter was handed in by Mri,Alfred Vino, thc surveyor, praying for a Uill'(uttber extension of time. It was moved by Mr.' Holdawortb, seconded by Mr. Guilfoyle,und carried-That an additional £30 ba paid Mr. Vino CD account of contract undertaken cy him, and: that à farthorBumol £20 be piid in a fortnight'a time, ebould tho half of tho map ba furnished complete, , and also that an extenaion of time (six weeba) be granted to that gentleman for (be finishing of (be' wotk. , The nanua of the auntldi for.tho 0onttaotprB,for. the erec- tion of a aounoil chamber were banded in, and approved by tbe Counoll, and Sitnrdiy morning, at half-past st vtn (Slat instantjfixèd for tbe contractera to meat tba memberB of tbe oounoil on tho ground, in Ocean, ttroet, to flx tba elle for tío aime. The Coanoil adjourned until tho 3l8t instant. Tns PuiLOioriiBn AND TUX FOLÍOSUAIC.-After all the talk about tho increase of crime, how much lesa of that have wo to trouble na than tho ancient Greeks had I Oicgeuea wont about with a lantern to discover aa honoatman ; where* aa X employe Ida bull's-eye to detect a thief.-Puneh. 