NEWS AND NOTES. On Friday, at the Springs, Bungaree, Dr Clen- dinning held an inquest on the body of Ah Gow, whose death, according to the evidence and the ver- dict of the jury, took place on or about the 2nd inst., and arose from congestion of the brain. The body was found in his own hut, at the Springs, on the 9th inst. The deceased was a miner, resided by himself, was from Canton, and about thirty years of age. He was much addicted to the smoking of opium. Mr Richard Bunce, surgeon, tendered the medical evidence. The sailing match on Lake Learmonth between Mr McKenzie's boat, Stag, built by Johns, of South Yarra, and Mr Thomas Bath's boat, Nereid, built by Anderson, of Geelong, took place on Thursday last. The coming event had for several days caused con- siderable excitement in the agricultural district, which resulted in a large assemblage at the ap- pointed time. The shores of the lake were gaily decorated with flags, those on the respective pre- mises of Messrs Rennie and Howlett being especially conspicuous. On Wednesday evening a strong re- inforcement to the Lake Learmonth fleet had arrived from Geelong in the shape of three boats consigned to Mr Clement Etter, the enterprising proprietor of the Weatherboard Hotel, situate at the south-west- ern angle of the lake. These boats were duly launched near Mr Etter's residence on Thursday morning, and their arrival being unexpected, their appearance on the lake was an agreeable surprise to the people of Learmonth, and they were warmly greeted on their arrivai at "Port Solomon," where Mr McKenzie has lately erected a very useful jetty. Among those present were several of the principal residents of the district, as well as gentlemen from Ballarat. Mr McKenzie's boat appeared to be de- cidedly the favorite previous to the start, the know- ing ones all declaring that there was not wind enough to enable Mr Bath's craft to distinguish itself. The result, however, proved the contrary, for after a very keenly contested race round the lake, over a course which had been buoyed off for the occasion, the Nereid came in first, by a short distance, amid great acclamation from the crowds assembled at Port Solo- mon. Boating at Learmonth having become an estab- lished fact, many of those who heretofore shook their heads and ridiculed the idea that the water supply channel would ever do any good, now acknowledge their error and freely admit that Mr Morton's water supply scheme is not the failure they anticipated, but, on the contrary, that it promises to become a work of great benefit to all landholders in the neigh- borhood. In addition to the jetty erected by Mr McKenzie, among the improvements around the lake, may be noticed another jetty erected by Mr Bath at "Port Howlett," and a small enclosure planted with trees by the same gentleman on the sand bank at the Ballarat side of the lake. Mr Etter, moreover, has obtained from Government a piece of land under lease on the south side of the lake for a mulberry plantation and pleasure grounds. A public meeting has also been called for Monday next, to take steps to induce Government to vest in trustees for a public park or recreation ground the remaining unsold land around the lake, and the land forming the banks of the new water channel. A meeting of the managers of the Burrumbeet and Windermere Farmers' Common was held on Thursday, at the Bridges Hotel, at which were pre- sent Messrs Robertson, Vaughan, and the chairman. The minutes of the previous meeting were confirmed. Tenders from four persons for the situation of herds- man for the common were then opened, and Mr Wm. Walker's tender at £150 per annum was accepted. A man named Lee was brought before Mr Young, J.P., on Friday morning, on the charge of abscond- ing from Smythesdale with a clock, which had been entrusted to him to repair, belonging to Mr Stod- dart, of the Nugget Hotel. Mr Lewis, J.P., attended at the Western police lock-up, on Friday morning, and disposed of the following prisoners, viz.:- John Lowden, who was fined 5s for drunkenness, Anne Smith, for a like offence, was cautioned and discharged. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Cricket Club, on Friday evening, Mr W. H. Foster was elected president ; Mr E. J, Lewis, vice-president; Mr Robinson, secretary and treasurer ; and Mr D. Sweeney, captain. The following were elected a committee of management, viz.- Messrs Sweeney, Greville, Goujon, Murray, Morris, and Kington. Mr M. J. O'Connor, accompanied by the Hon. J. B. Humffray, M.L. A., waited upon the Hon. the Presi- dent of the Board of Lands and Survey on Thursday, as a deputation from Smeaton. Mr O'Connor pre- sented a memorial from the inhabitants, the prayer of which was to the effect that a portion of the land now gazetted for sale being a portion of the Farmers' Common, in the parish of Smeaton, be withdrawn on the grounds that there were 17,000 acres of land already alienated at a high price, and no other available land for commonage within the parish. Mr O'Connor pointed out that if the 3000 acres of the common proposed were sold it would only leave an average of a little more than one acre of commonage to seven acres of purchased land. It was also stated that the farms were not of sufficient size to enable farmers to keep grass paddocks, consequently the commons were more necessary than in some other districts. The Assistant-Com- missioner (Mr Hodgkinson) said that the Smeaton district was more liberally provided with commons than any other, the acreage being originally 34,000 acres, and several other commons being within five miles of Smeaton, and available for the farmers' use. Mr O'Connor pointed out that when the District Councils Bill came into operation a large portion of the common would be outside the district. Mr Heales said though it were so, and not under the control of the local body, the inhabitants would still be entitled to share in the commonage. Mr O'Con- nor stated that the opposite side of the creek was often not to be reached in winter, and the water frontages were not suited for agriculture, but might become valuable water rights for machinery &c.; Mr Heales said that as far as the prayer of the memorial was concerned he could not comply with it, as he thought there was plenty of commonage, and the farmers in the Legislative Assembly represented the commons as a nuisance, as harbors of thistles and pleuro pneumonia &c.; The best thing probably to do with them was to sell them. Mr O'Connor then requested that a Swamp near the Castlemaine road might be withdrawn from sale, as it was useful both to teamsters and carters from Melbourne, Castle- maine, and Bullarook, and was used as a camping ground, being the only convenient spot having water. Mr Heales expressed a willingness to comply with this request and the deputation withdrew. We understand that Atheling, one of the horses entered for the Champion race, is suffering from pleuro-pneumonia, and the probability is that this promising colt's career is over. This horse was scratched for the Champion Race on Thursday. A meeting of the Glendaruel Agricultural Society was held at Coghill's Creek on Monday. Present -Mr S. S. Johnson, President (in the chair), and Messrs Spiers, Lanagan, Tinkler, Matthews, Shea- han, and G. S. Kemp. It was resolved that Mr Lanagan be authorised to appoint a person to take care of the show yard at Clunes. Various accounts were passed for payment, and the following account of subscriptions received was given to the secretary: -Per Wm. Matthews-David Muir, £1. Per N. Lanagan-Wm. McDougall. £1. Per R. Havery, £1 ; J. Bell, £1. Per R. Tinkler, £1 ; McDowall and Gray, £1 ; A. McCubbin, £1 ; T. Lang, £1; W. Dunstan, £1 ; H. Tyson, £1. Per P. Sheahan, £1 ; D. Jones, £1 ; -. Lawrence, 10s. Per G. S. Kemp, £1 ; J. Barrett, £1; R. Dyer, £1 ; P. Mark, £1 ; John George, £1 ; T. Bath, £1 ; J. and T. Ogilvie, £1 ; - Taylor, £1 ; James Baird, £1. At sunset on Sunday will commence the Jewish year 5624. The ensuing Monday and Tuesday will be observed as close holydays-the places of busi- ness of all members of the Hebrew persuasion re- maining unopened. The Day of Atonement falls on Wednesday, 23rd inst., which day will be kept as a "white fast." The meeting of the Creswick District Road Boad did not take place on Thursday in consequence of the new bill having passed. All the members, with the exception of Mr Birch were present. A depu- tation from the Board, consisting of Messrs Miller, Anderson, and Bromfield will proceed to Blanket Flat on Saturday, in order to ascertain if the in- habitants of that locality are desirous of having it incorporated with the Creswick Shire. It is pro- posed, for the purpose of forming a Shire under the new Bill and returning nine members, to sub- divide the Creswick Road District into three portions in the following manner :-1st. Smeaton division.- Commencing from where the Bullarook Creek crosses the western boundary line, following up the creek to Mather's Smeaton Hotel; from that point following the Smeaton parish boundary to Kirk's Hotel; thence by the main Castlemaine road to the Deep Creek. 2nd. Bullarook division-Com- mencing at Mather's Smeaton Hotel, follow- ing up the Bullarook Creek to allotment 4, section 2, Parish of Dean; thence along the road to the Comet Hotel; thence to the Adekate Creek; and thence to the southern boundary line. 3rd. The Spring Hill division would lie to the west and south of the previously named divisions. Mr Macey was instructed to see Mr Bowman, of Ascot, in reference to a design and motto for the seal of the new council, and Mr Miller, who would be in Mel- bourne on Tuesday, was directed to take the neces- sary steps for having the Creswick Road Board District proclaimed a shire. He was also, while in Melbourne, requested to call the attention of the Government to the necessity of having certain allot- ments in the vicinity of Smeaton withdrawn from sale and reserved for supplying the district with fuel. A public meeting will be held at the Road Board offices, Kingston, on Thursday next, for the purpose of discussing the proposed subdivision of the district. As an instance of how criminals sometimes escape justice, we may mention that a Chinese having been caught at night in the fowl-house of Mr Tredennick, at Mount Pleasant, when brought before the Eastern Police Court, last week, feigned insanity, and Ah Coon, the interpreter, stated that he believed the prisoner to be insane, whereupon the Bench dis- charged him on the charge of attempted larceny and had him remanded for medical testimony as to the state of his mind. The medical attend- ant at the gaol gave it as his opinion that the man was insane, and he was further re- manded for the testimony of two medical gen- tlemen to warrant his committal to Melbourne. On Friday he was brought before Mr Young, at the Eastern Police Court, when a certificate was pro- duced from the medical attendant at the gaol certify- ing that the man was fit to be discharged, where- upon Sergeant Larner drew the attention of the presiding justice to the adroit means whereby the prisoner, with the aid of the medical testimony, es- caped judgment on the charge on which he had been arrested. The presiding justice cautioned and dis- charged the accused. The only magistrate who sat on the bench at the Eastern Police Court on Friday was Mr F. Young, who, after disposing of a case of alleged lunacy, ad- journed the Court until Monday, as the Government had made no provision for supplying the place of Mr Clissold, police magistrate, pending the arrival of Mr Foster, P.M. There were some charges on thc criminal sheet and several small debt cases to be disposed of when the Court adjourned. Messrs Baker and Hassell, Justices of the Peace, sat at eleven o'clock on Friday morning, at the Eastern Police Court, to hear the appeal of the Llanberis Company v the Eastern Council. The Council assessed the property of the company at £250 per annum. The Bench reduced the amount to £200, with power to have a case stated for the Supreme Court. On Monday, a meeting was held at Coghill's Creek, for the purpose of considering the division of the district as proposed by the Ballarat District Boad Board. Mr Sheahan occupied the chair. Mr Nicholson having most lucidly explained the advan- tages that would result from the contemplated divi- sion, Mr McCubbin moved, Mr Mathews seconded, and it was carried unanimously- "That this meet- ing approves of the manner in which the district is proposed to be divided into three portions by the Ballarat District Road Board." After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting dispersed. The committee of the General Short Hours Asso- ciation met at the Camp Hotel on Wednesday even- ing last. A communication was received from the Trades Benevolent Society, intimating its entire sympathy in the objects of the Association. Much dissatisfaction was expressed at the conduct of some of the bootmakers, in keeping open beyond the usual time, and it was remarked that those firms who, by their large business connections and extensive pre- mises, were placed in a superior position to others in the same trade, were, nevertheless, the most irregular in closing, or, strictly speaking, the most regular in keeping open after their neighbors had closed. It was resolved to hold a general meeting of the Asso- ciation on Wednesday, 16th inst., at the Camp Hotel, when some very important business would be brought forward. The Rev. W. L. Binks, of Geelong, will preach two sermons in Wesley Church, Lydiard street, on Sun- day next. Collections will be made in aid of the building fund for the Wesleyan parsonage just erected in Barkly street. At the Warden's Court, Creswick, before Mr Dow- ling, on Thursday, the case of the Princess Alexandra Company v Surprise Company, for encroachment, was heard. The Warden found that the encroach- ment had been made, and ordered the defendants to pay the sum of £51 12s, being £30 as compensation, £16 16s costs, and ten tubs of washdirt valued at £4 16s. At the Smythesdale Police Court, on Friday, Ah Lung charged with stealing from the dwelling of John Sloss, at Smythesdale, on the 4th instant, 3 pairs of boots, 1 pair of pincers, and 1 axe, valued in all 30s, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor in Ballarat gaol. The civil business was as follows :-Police v Creed, the defendant was charged with having permitted his pigs to wander on the street; fined 7s 6d, and 5s costs. Same v Oman, the defendant was charged with furious riding through the public streets on the 4th instant; fined 1s, and 5s costs. Ah Sheng v William Henry, the defendant, a lad, was charged with setting on a dog to attack the complainant; postponed for one week to allow the defendant's uncle to point out to the police the owner of the dog. Inspector of weights, &c.;, v Anne Bentinck, for having in her possession a pint measure unstamped; withdrawn on payment of 22s costs. Same v Thomas, for having in his possession a spring balance unstamped; with- drawn on payment of 22s costs. Same v Kent, for having in his possession a unstamped pint measure; case withdrawn on payment of 22s costs. Same v Fisher, for having in his possession a half-pound weight which had not been stamped; case withdrawn on payment of 7s costs. Police v Andrew S. Ward, for keeping up a sign on his house which implied that fermented and spirituous liquors were there sold ; postponed for fourteen days, the defendant having intimated his intention of leaving the house. A slaughtering license was granted to Camul Reed, of Scarsdale; and hawkers licenses to Ah Chand, Henry Warnecke, and Walter Andrew, all of Smythes- dale. At the police court, Creswick, on Friday, before Messrs Lewers, Boyce, Richardson, and Cooper, jus- tices of the peace, the following civil causes were heard and disposed of in the manner indicated:- John Hannah v William Hussy, £5 14s, balance of wages. The defendant brought a set off of £4 against the plaintiff for losing a saddle and bridle; order for £1 14s and 2s 6d costs. Peter Luchow v C. H. Louis, £10, cash lent; order for amount and £1 3s 6d costs. Pegler v Bellamy; struck out, the plaintiff not having appeared. On Thursday, Josef Jacinta Rodriguez, a Portu- guese, was brought up on remand at the Creswick Police Court, before Mr Dowling, P.M., on a charge of lunacy. The evidence of Dr Roche having been corroborated by that of Dr Steel, the man was re- manded to Ballarat for medical treatment. The performances at the Theatre Royal this evening promise to be highly interesting. In addi- tion to the "Bleeding Nun," and the farce, "Cool as a Cucumber," there are to be some illustrations of ghosts reminiscent of the late fancy dress ball in Melbourne. "Comic ghosts" are, in fact, promised, and we suppose that since the world began, a comic ghost has ever been a startling novelty. Mr Sy- mons is to appear in this portion of the entertain- ment, and there is little doubt that, whether or not the ghosts are comic, he will prove as attractive as he has ever been in the characters he has assumed on the boards of this theatre. 