The second Progress Report on the Land Act was laid on the table of the Assembly yesterday evening. It is an appropriate sequel to the first, and may be denominated further disclosures regarding the Land Swindle. Part the first announced the failure of the Act to promote settlement, and gave a narration of the mode by which the squatters defeated its operation. Part the second shows how the measure has failed in the branch which relates to the assess ment, and how the squatters have contrived to outwit the Gcvernment. Taken together, the two reports pronounce the condemnation of the Act in its entirety. When Mr Duffy, at the beginning of tha.session, defended his measure, he admitted a partial failure, but in one point only. Now he admits that it has failed at all points — that not merely is a large portion of the public domain lost, but the revenues which ought to accrue from the remainder have suffered a se rious diminution. As usual, he endea vors to cast the blame oa others; he even by implication repudiates his own measure, and casts the responsibility of it on the Parliament. But it is the arbitrators who are the victims of his wrath. Forgetful that they are of his own appoint ment, he tells us that they have turned out to be a pack of knaves ; that they have con spired to assist the squatters to commit fiaud, and have themselves endeavored to cheat the revenue by demanding payment for work that they have not performed, as well as by charging fees in excess of what they were entitled to. Now seeing that a large proportion of the arbitrators were appointed for services rendered to the Government, which means the practice of knavery, or on the recommendation of squatters who meant to make the most of the privilege of appointing their own judges, it is not surprising that Mr Duffy has not got grapes from his thistles. If the arbitra tors have cheated the country in order to do the squatters, who obtained their appoint ments, a good turn, they have but followed the example of Mr Duffy himself, whose whole land policy has been from the begin ning a stupendous fraud, designed for the benefit of those who placed him in office. Without accepting Mr Duffy's sweeping condemnation of the arbitrators, we endorse the somewhat late opinion that many of them were incompe tent, and more untrustworthy ; but, at the same time, we must express our belief that ?they were appointed because of the posses sion of one or other of these qualities. There are many of the arbitrators whose integrity is unquestionable, but the insinua tions of their employer, as well as the curious results arrived at, demand from them explanation. We may cite, hew ever, one appointment, in proof of the policy that guided the selection in many others. Mr T. J. Breek was an ar bitrator for the Government, and was spirited away just at the moment he was likely to be wanted in the Loddon affair. He assisted in the survey, and he it was who told our reDorter. and manv others hn sides, that he marked water reserves on the plans, and was astonished to find after wards that they did not appear. The report, which appears in eietenzo else where, sets out with a narration of the ' manner in which the valuation of the runs ' was made.' We are informed that the only object of the Board was ' to determine ' what rent Crown tenants ought to pay for ' the use of the grass ; the grazing capabi ' lity alone was ordered to be ascertained ' by the Board.' Each district surveyor was ordered to make a return of the runs within his boundaries, classifying them ac cording to the basis laid down by the Board. Messrs Ligah and Skene were then in structed to consider the returns, and assess the value of the runs. Mr Duffy meanly endeavors to exculpate himself from blame, by assuring the House that the original classification wa3 prepared entirely by the gentlemen named, and that he departed from it only in one instance, where there was a dispute. The increase of rental was millions of acres, whose vested' interest had been placed in greater jeopardy than ever. Of the holders of 1242 runs 379 paid the assessment fixed by the Board, amounting to £47,594. Appeals to the number of 689 were lodged, from which runs the estimated rental was £324,057, and in 174 cases there were neither appeals nor payment of rent. Mr Duffy then goes on to say that in ap pointing the arbitrators he in every in stance sought. ' the advice and assis i' tance of the Cabinet either to recommend 'ft or sanction the selection,' Knowing what Mr Duffy means by the Cabinet, we are readv to believe that there was the most perfect accord. But why should the choice Df four or five untrustworthy persona be tetter than that of one ? It is only where there is honesty that there is wisdom in the nultitude of counsellors. Mr Duffy, not withstanding his candor, has mode a most inaccountable omission, which the House ught to compel him to repair, he names of the Government arbi ators are given, as wen as tnose ^pointed by the County Court judges. Why e there not added the nominees of the uatters likewise? We might gather from 9 list matter both of instruction and amusement, and possibly learn more of the reason why the assessment scheme has been a failure. The result of the appeals is, that of 689, only 18 have been given in favor of the State. The gross rental fixed by the Board was £299,828 ; that fixed by the arbitra tors, £153,920 ; showing a reduction of £145,908, or a decrease of nearly 50 per cent. The arbitrators' fees, chargeable to the Government, as claimed by themselves, amount to £19,020 ; esti mated at the rate of three guineas per diem, which Mr Duffy thinks is sufficient remu neration, they would be £9116, or nearly £10,000 less. We turn next to a circum stance in connection with this arbitration, which appears to us to annul the whole proceeding. The Land Act especially provides that in no case should the estimated carrying capacity of runs fall below the assessment returns of 1862 ; and yet, after making all proper deductions for the diminution of the area of runs through sale, it appears, according toMrLiGAB,that the total return is 6 2-5ths per cent. Ies3 than was collected the pre ceding year under the old system. Conse quently, instead of £386,015, as fixed by the Board, the pastoral lands will yield for 1863, £228,317, less £19,020, the cost of collection. In 1862, before the nine yeara' leases were granted, the income from the assessment was, in round figures, £306,000 : in 1863 it will be about £100,000 less. There is evidently some discrepancy between the estimate of Mr Duffy and Mr Lioar. The latter says the reduction by the arbitrators is 6| per cent, on the rental of 1862, but he adds, in a way not easy to be explained, that the decrease in revenue ' may be more than ' twelve per cent. , supposing the £14,365 ' due upon runs in relation to which the ' licensees have neither paid nor appealed, be ' ultimately lost to the Treasury.' It is quite evident that Mr Liga.r's figures are erroneous j and for an accurate statement of the revenue for 1862, and that estimated for 1863, we must refer to the portion of the report bearing the signature of Mr Duffy. He gives the fntal nnvmontfl nnrln,* tVin f\\\A arrat-nm fr\v 18C2, as £306,268, and Mr Ligar's estimate for 1863 is £228,317, which, estimating the cost of collection, is a reduction of about thirty-three per cent. The SurveyorGene ral will, doubtless, be able to give some more intelligible explanation of the sliding scale of deficiency — from 6jj ' to more than ' 12 per cent.' — than can be gathered from the report. We are told that the Government propose ' immediate legislation' on the subject ; in other words, they intend to repudiate their own arrangement. They must be permitted to legislate no further ou the land question or any other, but we pray the House to beware lest by discordant and crude action it sends the Ministry to the country with a false but bewitching cry in their mouths. The proposal to remove the Courts of Law and Equity from their present inconvenient position at once commends itself to the good sense of the entire community. Who is there that in some capacity or other has not suffered by being dragged away from the busy haunts of men to the terra incognita where horsehair and ermine reign supreme ? x nai out oi xne way corner oi me city wnere Latrobe and Russell streets intersect, is one of the most distant points from the busi ness portions of the city proper which could possibly be found. The only persons whose convenience is consulted in the present locality of the Law Courts are the denizens of the contiguous gaol, the police constables in the barracks across the way, and the occupants of houses of doubtful reputation, which abound in the neighborhood. Upon the pavement and around the porticoes of the Halls of Minos andRHADAMANTHus, may constantly be seen groups of dejected jurymen and wretched witnesses, restless as the penniless ghosts upon the hither side of Styx — hovering in painful anxiety for the hour of release. Conscious are they that their own private in terests, are being sacrified upon the altar of the public service in furtherance of the ends of justice. All possible means are taken to evade the banishment from business which a jury summons or a subpoena as a witness entails upon the vic tim. Nor is it the public alone — the clients, witnesses, and the like — who suffer. The lamuiars oi tne courts are tnemseives seriously inconvenienced. Barristers are com pelled to vacate their chambers and await in dreary incertitude for days the calling of the particular case in which they may be engaged. It may be that, with some, pro fessional incomes do not justify their em ployment of an office representative. Time which might, be profitably occupied i3 utterly wasted in hanging in undignified idleness about the purlieus of the courts. The attorneys and their clerks are equal, if not greater sufferers. To collect witnesses all anxious to escape, aud whom they are unwilling to offend by compelling into need less attendance, is a Herculean task only to be accomplished by keen practitioners, whom long practice has made perfect in the art of cajoling. It is needless to recapitulate arguments agamst the present site oi the Courts and the Law Offices. The constant tenants are themselves extensively incon venienced. ? To make way for the peri odical gaol- deliveries, the Civil Courts which thViu^a;^«ie TjiSffir grading. The maj,8tL^f An '^selves de by the absolute S&?* h^a» » lowered form of decent apphC7 °fr *e °utward witn extreme satisfaction Vi * 1S 'lerefore c/fort is at length to be nS ♦ °bserye an grievance which is so geS,-° ¥' rid °f a Some one hundred and toLf^P™8™'. firms, and individuals h J resPectable to the Mayor of MeL*™ Pressed huWsof MdbS^oZSf81? and ^: puioseof consider^ th?^ J^?1*' for «'-? mong the Courts of ^Law ad fr of re' «»e hundred b^tSh ™ **«&&£ «* Je Stained to 8Un°rnd Si^res' I ^ has, in ^y«» The ^'i-u a public mp*f — 'emand, t views in DrJ& , Impounding «y which atP onep 8hape- Ti* (which ough Tbe°r ^ ^Cbnrhi to so-called Western M Tuldemg ruins I as an enduring reproach to the Corporation of Melbourne. They ought to rejoice in tho opportunity to be rid of so unsightly an ex crescence as the bluestone gables which excite the wonder of the stranger to Mel bourne from their obvious present useless ness. Some ten or twelve wholesale potato and fruit dealers, who mi^ht just as well, so far as public conve nience or advantage is concerned, be located anywhere else, monopolise a site which might be applied to a purpose of much wider usefulness. There is there ample space for the erection of Courts suffi ciently spacious to answer all likely re quirements for centuries to come. For the preservation of the archives of the Courts and the accommodation of the law library proper provision should be made — a matter absolutely impossible in the present limited building. In any case some change in this respect is inevitable. It is therefore im portant that if fresh expenditure. is to be in curred, such should be in a locality where the public will receive some equivalent advan tage. Law Courts in Collins street west would be in most convenient proximity to Chancery lane, where lawyers most do con gregate, as well as to that wasps' nest of the legal profession — Temple Court. The bar rister need not leave his chambers until warned that the cause in which he is en gaged is closely impending. Witnesses and jurymen would not be obliged to absent themselves for an unbroken day, but could at worst pay flying visits to their money making workshops. They would be readily accessible to the communications of their clerks or other employds. The facilities which would be afforded all parties would rob the law of half the terrors it now pos sesses for its suppliant votaries, The present buildings occupied by the Supreme Court need not be useless. Por the holding of the Criminal Courts they possess some advantages which perhaps render it desirable that these should not be removed. For the retention of the Nisi Prius Courts in their present position, there is not one single advantage that can be named which would not be largely outweighed by their establishment upon the site we suggest. No reasonable argument can be adduced against the present movement. To the City Council the Western Market is all but valueless. A3 a market for the supply of vessels, as this was originally intended to be, there is c\ery day less need, through the concentration, of shipping interests at Sandridge and Wil liamstown. The river craft that come up the Yarra are scarcely worth mention — and if a market for their use is really a desidera tum, there is space sufficient in the trian gular area bounded by the line of Cole's Wharf, Flinders street and the Yarra, for such a purpose. The residents of West Melbourne are neither so numerous, nor, we are confident, so selfish, as to desire the waste of the ?valuable site of the Western Market for any purpose less important than that proposed. The present is just one of those move ments to which everybody wishes well, but which may possibly fail through the want of vigorous and unanimous action. The opportunity now offers itself for a decided expression of 'opinion. The force of num bers as well as weight of position are required to make the effort a success. If the citi zens of Melbourne fail to help themselves now, they deserve to suffer all the inconve niences of the present remote courts of law in tenfold aggravation. It is necessary to trouble our readers with a personal explanation relative to the tele graphic intelligence which for some months past has, through the medium of Messrs Greville and Bird, appeared in this journal. These gentlemen, be ing the accredited agents of Mr. Reuter the celebrated European telegraphist, have succeeded in establishing an extensive business, of a similar character, in this and tho neighboring colony of New South Wales. Nearly every newspaper of any influence accepts their telegrams, and within a very short period they have obtained a monopoly almost as complete as that of their European correspondent. It is obviously of the greatest importance that telegrams should be free from the suspicion of unreliability, and that no mere canards Bhould have given to them the stamp of trustworthy intelligence. We have no wish to impugn the business integrity of Messrs Greville and Bikd, but we have- reason to suspect that our telegrams have not always been founded on authentic information. We are sorry to add that the suspi cion has been strengthened through the course taken by that firm in a matter which, iibonajidt, admitted of ready explana tion. After the close of the sittings ol tne in tercolonial Conference, an article appeared in this journal relative to the alleged breach of faith by the Tasmanian and New South Wales delegates. It was founded partially on Messrs Grevixle and Bird's Sydney telegram, which was intended to lead the public to suppose that the New South Wales - delegates had betrayed confidence. We have reason now to believe that the alleged telegram was grossly incorrect, aud that it was from Tasmania only that the information came. The annexed letter from the pro prietor of this journal to Messrs Greville and Bird will afford the best elucidation of the matter. . - — \r. iUGS. bave col f,Ih I' ^ I 'for to purports to ««». Ta iUBtoleZ7' T ?' dated 23rd ^ whole of tlio rosolut^T' ** *f stated tt«t the colonial ConferenSce uSTfd *? ttt tho int-*- Bession in MolboS had ^P1™0^ closed its and the resolution? w!? tra??Plxe-1' & Sydney, this offi™ T._ I Fere aocordias-lv forward £ ^tosar^ZL ^gravereasonsfor on the above dTS«l r Wflgnn,, for, not ' transpired' in S^n^^ re/erred to h** tho folio Wg day f33thfiteBt aU- ?» n. not till I here in a teiog^i r^ffi &T;?/ T VUhm-li the morning of fliflSWi/™. *'''«? On Town Aiverthet of f Co°roftte-ff*rf month. wflrn JZZ'J* . th° ?Oth of tho samn jonrnal contained tho ZoTfT*'- md ttat 'about the Conference r, I th° ^'nnation supplied by voS ^Proceedings which was evening. ie^n, I tfTu °f '? ° sa™ the proceedings were Ltlri , '° doubt ffiat any. member ol -thn r ^ disclosed in Sydney by telegram The SvSTvr00',08 ^W^by yonj nn ♦!.„ i...i .... '.yiney journals oimiru.ni .i_I_j.. make no allusion to anv h™ TTf- deleS*tes, U of tho Sydney dele™??/ n ? °f falth on tto Par' ^cconc5able^th°theSf7cat stataT^T f^« Moreover, on turnin^L « 1, m tho 'elegram. find a telegram Tiro^v }° ^° of Ole A''Wre, I 23rd A™f^£i ™m y°nr '.'a in Melhovrnl djj supplied to too Aaeonl} Cou/eronco which was when -any doubt existed as to the correctness of the copy forwarded, and I have therefore formally to re nnest the production of the original telegram re ferred to, bearing the date of Sydney, 23rd April, 1883\. I was informed by your Mr Taylor, that you carefully preserved the originals, so thero can bo no difficulty in complying with my request. For the credit of the journal I represent, I feel bound to see to tlio bottom of this matter ; and ns your own credit is at stake also, I cannot conceive of your throwing any obstaclo in tho way.— I am, gentlemen, yours obediently, £? Snra. Mesaro Greville and Bird, Telegraphic Agents, Melbourne. It will be seen that Messrs Gbeville and Bird could easily have dispelled Mr Syme's suspicions by the production of the original telegram. It was part of the arrangement that' they should do so ; and the request was reasonable, since there was no demand of the authority on which the statement was given, but simply the production of the original message. With that request Messrs GrkvilIjE and Bird have not complied, but have chosen to evade it in terms which we arc afraid will not improve their position in the estimation of the public. The fol lowing came to hand yesterday morning : — Groville and Bird's Telegraph Office, Hall of Commerce, Melbourne, Juncl, 1803. Dear Sir, — Your letter just receivod makes no reference to the renewal of our engagement with you. We therefore desire you to understand that we consider ourselves free from any obligation to supply you with our telegrams after this ovening. Your as sumptions respecting tho Intercolonial Conference telegram are wholly incorrect. Your application to sea the source of our information is just as pertinent as an application from us would bo to seo the manu script of some of tho leaders in the Age, that wo might ascertain who is tho writer. If you havo not faith in us, you do yourself an injustice to use us. We are prepared to explain anything we have done at any time whero wo seo occasion for it. Our telegram contains tho Tariff, which some men wouTd give something to seo, but havo been refusud just as persistently as you will be.— Wo are, dear Sir, your obediont servants, pro Gbeville and Bihd, Henry Tavlob. D. Syme, Esq. In order to show that we have reason, in the absence of explanation, to suspect col lusion, we place side by side the telegrams that appeared simultaneously in the New South Wales and Victorian journals :— (SYDNEY EMPIRE, 2-lTH APRIL.) The deliberations of tho Intercolonial Conference have transpired. Thoy are unanimous for a uniform tariff. Condemned ad va lorem duties. They urged that a tariff should be as sented to by each Legis lature, and passed without delay. Future modifica tions to bo made by a Cou ferenco specially sum moned, who should also consider the difficulties with reference to the dis tribution oj intercolonial duties. Thoy recom mended that the colonies should arrange so as to se cure to each colony the revenuo to which each would bo entitled. They adopted an address to tho Crown again3t transporta tion, and recommended that the Governors of tho respective colonies should protest against the re newal of transportation to Australia. Thoy rocom mended that tho emigra tion question should ho dealt with as a whole, by tho Parliaments of tho respective colonies. They recommended that through delegates, a general scheme should be harmo nised for granting certifl cstea of compctoncy _ to masters of vessels trading to the Australian waters, S3 well as to ongineors ; and also certificates for the seaworthiness of ships —the certificate of ono colony to be recognised by all. They also re commended a commission to reconsider the light house question. They deemed it inexpedient to consider at present tho proposed fortnightly mail Beivioe with England vin Sydney. They were also of opinion that direct elec tric communication with England was premature. The question of a general Court of Appeal was left undecided. They recom niemled that probates and lettors of administration issued by one colony should bo valid in all ; also, that tho bankruptcy laws of each colony should be assimilated. They re commended that incorpo rated companies should lie liable to bo sued in all, anil that leUei-3 patent issued by one colony should be valid through out nil Australia ; and that there should be n uniform system of weights and measures. The subject of federation was not touched upou. AGE AND OTHER VICXOMAN JOURNALS, 2lTH APJIIL. It has transpired that the delegates at tho Inter colonial Conference have, amongst other things, unanimously agreed upon the principle of uniformity of tariff, condemned ad valorem duties, and agreed to a tariff, to be submitted to each Legislature, deter mining that futuro altera tions or modifications shall be made by a Conference specially appointed. The Conference experienced a difficulty in tho distribu tion of intercolonial duties, and ultimately recom mended tho colonies to make such arrangements as should secure to each the revenue to which their position and commerce entitled them. The immi gration question is to bo dealt with as a whole upon a plan adopted by each Legislature generally har monised. The bankruptcy laws are to be ossimilated. Tho Bubject of a fort nightly postal communica tion, via Sydney, was thought inexpedient. Tho question of electric com munication with Europo was also thought inoppor tune. Tho Bubject of fe deration was not mooted. An address from the de legates in Conference as sembled was adopted against the renewal and continuance of transpor tation to any part of Aus tralia. These embraco the principal points. Tho tariff agreed upon, it has been determined, will, on a certain day, be an nounced in the Parlia ments of New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, and Victoria, by tho Government of each colony. Itwill beBeenthatthe one telegram is aniere paraphrase of the other; and it would require no small degree of credulity to believe that a person in Sydney and another in Mel bourne should each, on the same day, frame messages in terms so similar, even if it were probable that the secrets were simultaneously divulged in both colonies. Wo adhere to the impression that the news came to Melbourne from Tasmania, and was transmitted to Syd ney, with the color of having been divulged by parties in Melbourne. The statement supplied to us, in common with other of our contemporaries, would, if that supposition is correct, be a mere compilation from the Ho bart Town papers, and did not pass through the telegraph office at all. 'We confess frankly our suspicion that we have been made the medium of imputing dishonorable conduct to the Sydney dele gates, and can but express our extreme regret. Our relations with Messrs Gke Tille and Bied are now at an end, and we inust ask the indulgence of the public pend ing fresh arrangements, which, we trust, will be of a more satisfactory character than those just terminated. In the Legislative Council yesterday afternoon, tlie president took the chair at ten minutes past four o'clock. Mr Stp.achan moved tho second reading of the Melbourne und Hobsou's Bay Railway Act Amend ment Bill. Mr Jenner seconded the motion. Mr a'Beckett moved as an amendment that the bill be read that day six months. The amendment was seconded by Mr Hiohett, and supported by Mr Fellows. On the motion of Mr Fawknek tho debate Was adjourned till tho following day. Tho Chinese Immigration Bill was received from the Assombly. On the motion of Mr Mitchell, it was read a first time, ordered to bo printod, and the Bocoml reading made an order of the day for Tues day noxt. _ Tho House adjourned at twenty-fivo minutes past «n o'clock until this afternoon. In the Legislative Assembly, the Speaker took tne chair at half -past four o'clock. Jlr Anderson laid on the table two departmental r°P°rt9 pn tho subject of immigration. ., r O'Shanassy presented a progress report from !jj-'euro -pneumonia commission. Mr Kicuabdson presented a petition from the residents of the South Barwon Municipality against the Newspapers Bill. Mr Brooke gave notico that ho would, on the fol lowing day, move for copies of all correspondence, minutes, and regulations connected with tho subject of pensions to retiring Ministers. Mr Duffv laid on the table a second progress re port in reference to arbitrations on assessments of pastoral runs in this colony. Mr Iubland, in reply to Mr Sullivan, referred him to tho notice paper for information as to whether it was the intention of tho Government to proceed with tho socond reading of tho Newspapers Bill. Mr Duffy called attention to two specimens of coal and greenstone, found in tho neighborhood of tho overland route to Gipps Land and that of Guo long respectively, now deposited in tho Parlia mentary Library. Mr Houston brought up a further progress report of the committee on the Railway Traffic De partment, stating that, having taken additional evidence on tho subject of their previous roport, they found their previous conclusions fully borne out thereby. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill, tho Local Districts Bill, and tho E ast Collingwood Improve ments Bill, were each receivod from tho Legislative Council with amendments, and Friday next was ap pointed for the consideration of tho amendments inado in the two first named. Several orders of tho day baring been postponed, tho House went into committee of supply. Mr Haineb moved that tho sum of £9100 bo grantod for amended estimates in connection with the Victoria steam sloop ; £674G 5s for salaries of 53 persons, officers, and crow, whom it was proposed to retain ; £650 2s for the salaries (during January and Feb ruary) of 42 oflicors and men whom it was proposed to discharge, in order to carry out a resolution agreed to by the House ; and £2003 133, six months' pay, on tho cessation nf duty, to the officers and men discharged. Mr Veedon opposed tho reduction as impolitio until tho House was in possession of a fuller statement from tho Treasurer relative to tho provision which ho intended to make for the defences of the colony. Mr Hainks explained that ho was monthly in expectation of advices from England relativo to tho cost nnd ma nagement of an iron-plated steamer, to defray tho expeuBO of which it was intended to placo a sum on the estimates not to oxceed £G0,000. Whatever provision might be made, it would not, however, affect the disposal of the Victoria, which would be as indispensable for matters of a civil, rather than a military, character, ns she was at this presont time. It would too, he thought, be extremely injudioious to disband her present crew, which might prove ex ceedingly useful for defensive purposes on the arrival of tho plated steamer. Mr Vehdox thought tho speech of the Treasurer extremely inconclusive, and announced his intention to oppose any reduction, oxcepting in connection with a well-coHsidered plan of colonial defences. Mr Buodmbd moved, as an amendment, that tho estimates of the previous year bo adopted in their entirety. Mr Snodgrass spoke in favor of tho vote, and Mr Haines explained that if the reductions proposed were made, so much would require to bo paid ag compensation to those in connection with the vessel whose pay had been reduced, that a saving of only £832 would be effected. Mr Francis opposed the vote, and Mr O'Shanassy supported it, briefly re marking that it would be extremely injudicious to dispense with tho Victoria at tho present time. Mr M'Culloch said that if the Government agreed to tho proposition of the bon. mombor for St. Kilda, they would bo acting in opposition to what they promised on a former occasion when the question was beforo the House ; and Mr Haines, in reply, again referred to the small paving which would bo effected, which, he contended, was altogether too small to justify tho House in objecting to tho pro position then made. Mr Verdon and Mr Ramsay supported tho amendment, Mr Woods opposing it. The quostion was put and tho voto increasod by £4250 10s; tho vote as originally moved also being agreod to. After some discussion tho re mainder of the voto for compensation on cessation of duty was withdrawn by tho Treasurer. Mr Haineh then moved that the sum of £75,000 be voted for educational purposes. Mr Heales submitted a resolution for the distribution of the vote, which also provided that no portion of it should bo expended in accordance with the system of pay ment by results. In tho course of an address, which, ocoupied upwards of an hour, he compared the results which would accrue under the regulations issued by tho Board of Education with those which would have taken place under the bill which Mr O'Shanassy in troduced to tho Assembly, and which the House rejected, and lie found them so nearly alike that he camo to tho conclusion it was Mr O'Shanassy's Act, and not tho Common Schools Act, agreed to by the Legislature, that the hoard were giving effect to. Ho showed that tho system of payment by results was in England yet on its trial, was by tho best authorities there con demned, and was in its cnaractor totally different to tlie system of payment by results which would ensue hero. In addition to which it was admitted by tho best authority in England that payment by results altogether failed to measure tbatwhich was the most valuablo portion of education in after life — intellectual and moral training. He cited the testimony of English and colonial authorities to show that small schools, not admitting of classification, were twice or three times as expensive, and ODly half or one-third as efficient, as large ones ; and that under the new regulations teachers would be impoverished, and placed at tho mercy of local committees, the standard of education degraded, and many small schools shut up, in support of which opinions he quoted tho memorials presentod by the Church of England, Wesleyan, and Presbyterian bodios in opposition to tho regulations ; and ho observed that only ono body of any considerable number had refrained from opposing the regulations —that body the Catholic one. Mr O'Shanasst contended at length that the regulations of the board not having been submitted to the House, the House could not Btep in merely on pre sumption of what might bo done, and on the strength of information which had been surreptitiously ob tained, nnd anticipate its movements, or supersedo_ it in its administration, and the more especially as its constitution bad never been questioned, and as those bodies, tho Church of England, the Presbyterians, and Wesloyans, whoso interests wero said to bo afi'octed, were represented in it, and by tho majority, tho remaining two members being the representa tives of the Roman Catholic and Jewish bodies. Tho 20th section of tho Common Schools Act, ho said, was fatal to tho proper working of tho measure, inasmuch as it would, by fixing a standard of numbers and distances beforo schools were to bo supported by tho State, havo the effect of doing away with 172 schools out of 603, these boing in the outlying districts whore no other larger schools would be convenient. Mr Higinbotham considered thnt the House was perfectly justified in agreeing to the resolution proposed by tho lion, member for East Bourke Boroughs, as if tho regulations of tho board did not in any way involve the sys tow of pay ment by results, it would bo harmless; and if, on tho other hand, that system was involved which had been so generally deprecated, it would only bo a necessary interference on tho part of tho House to prevent its being resorted to. Mr J. T. Smith suggested that the vote should be postponed until tho regulations of tho board had been laid before the House. After some further discussion on the motion of Mr Brodribb, who argued that it was unfair to voto on the question without tho regulations having been laid before the. House, progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again next day. The Licensed Publicans Act Amendment Bill was further considered in committee. Mr Orkney moved that tho chairman leave tho chair, with the view of shelving the measure until next ses sion. Tho proposition was negatived by a majority of 24 to 14. , , , The remaining business was postponed, ana at twenty-five minutes to twelve the Houso adjournod to 4 p.m. on tho following day. 