AN AUSTRALIAN WAKE. The case of Ryan against a man rejoicing in the unusual name of Abel Death was of this extraordinary character. The reader may start as at first I own I did? when I found I had to deal with such a bill of particulars as the following items, which disclosed that a man was summoned before me to pay for spirits drunk at his own sake, and that the wake. man stood on the floor before me as defendant. The bill was of this character:?" Abel Death, farmer, debtor to Phillip Ryan, publican. For sundry spirituous liquors furnished for the wake of Abel Death and drank thereat, £3 10s.; six pounds of tobacco, pipes, and cigars, '£3; total, £6 10s." The facts of the above case were these :? Death, the defendant, came home one day, and was suddenly seized with a violent at. tack of delirium tremens. Mrs. Death be came alarmed, and sent for the doctor, an ex-convict, residing at the neighboring town seven miles off. The doctor was quickly in attendance, and on inspection of the patient, declared the case to be hopeless. He pronounced it to present a complication of maladies beyond his medicinal b1c.H1 to cure. It exhibited, he said, manifestations of sanguineous apoplexy, combined with half-a-dozen other incurable symptoms, not one word of which Mrs. Death understood. However, it was enough for Mrs. Death to know that her Death must die that evening and the doctor advised that the best thing that could be done was to allow him to die in peace. For this purpose he recommended that the patient should be removed to a barn or out- house, and there laid upon a bed until the vital spark had fled. He was accordingly removed; and Mrs. Death, desirous that every honour after the fashion of her country (Ireland to wit) should be paid to bel- Death, told the doctor there should be a " fine woke" that night. To this the doctor assented, and moreover accepted on invitation to form one of the party to attend the wake. As it would have taken some time to go to town and purchase the " funeral basements," or rather the funeral beverages, Mrs. Death prevailed upon the doctor to write an order to a publican in town to furnish suitable supplies as specified in the above bill of particulars. With this requisition the doctor complied, and towards evening the messenger came back with the goods as ordered. A hasty visit to the patient found him motionless, with his eyes closed, symptoms, as the doctor said, that usually precede the calamitous event at hand. It was agreed amongst the party? consisting of Mrs. Death, the doctor, and four or five convict servants in Death's employ that the presence of Death should be disposed with, and that they should wake him by proxy. Accordingly j body was placed in the room of the house in which they assembled, on which Death's body was supposed to be placed at a " pleasure of the imagination." The other parts of the ceremony were complied with strictly. The tobacco-pipes and spirit bottles were in constant requisition throughout the night, and the intemperate carousal lasted until morning. By that time the party fell asleep, and by that time also Death receives was restored to his senses. He had a sound sleep; the sudden and severe attack of delirium tremens which he had provoked by three days' booze at a neighbor's house abated, and he was soon " himself again." He got up and on entering his house was astonished at the display of bottles before him, and not less so by the number of sleep, ing partners in his establishment. They woke up and were at first inclined to take him for a ghost, as they had looked upon the doctor as an infallible prophet, whose predic- tion of Death's death that night was sure to be verified. He was determined, however, to convince them that it was no ghost but death himself. He seized the poker, for offence or defence, as the exigency of the occasion might require, and soon brought the whole party to their bearings. On these facts being proved with as much gravity as the nature of the case admitted, I dismissed the claim against Death, adding, to the plaintiff's inquiry, who was to pay for the liquor?" " I suppose the party who ordered it." " On this hint he spoke." Six months afterwards, in the same circuit town, the doctor figured as the defendant at the suit of the same plaintiff, for the sale item. The doctor's defence was that he only obeyed the bidding of Mrs. Death in writing the order; bull held that, though the doctor was protected as to any medical prescription he might write, yet he had no authority to drench Mrs. Death and nil Death's more (the doctor inclusively) at his patient's expense and Spirits. Accordingly I made him pay the bill. The only honest claim he had upon his patient was for rendering him the service of leaving him alone.? Thirty Years' Residence in New South Wales and Victoria. by R. Therry, Esq. 