-ieJmON^VEB32SEM3c-~ ----- ,; ! £B)raaL!em'3-tatfirewg3,-:.. ,r, The most tempting' *4wa?hBemfflitB wMai appear in the daily newspapers are theme in which a*terge and -certain in^m^ ?witiijiglit^ 'gentle- manly occupation, and.no mental wear and tear, are promised for. a small payment. This form of advertisement always catches a large class whose natural industry has probably ieen nipped in the bud by a small cash legacy. The harm that two or three-hundred pounds .may do is aieyer con sidered by those Mends andrelklaves who divide i iheir little properties on equitable principles i amongst a great number of legatees. . . A isum f xnac wui not open a aecem; soap, ox secure a, -leeent partnership, or do more than pay two or £hree years' rent, or buy a grand piano with all the latest improvements, or .f tart a Bank, of Deposit, or purchase a treacly copy of one t-f the ? old masters, ?will^ often, have a direftd jnflnen.ee j on the formation of character. It will make an I idle man more idle ; it will lead a procrastinating { man to -'procrastinate still further ;' it will drive a gentleman of a wandering turn into the folly of conventional travelling, and it may sow the seeds of extravagance in a man who is not strongly tainted with imprudence.- - A small legacy or capital may do many worse things than these, which we. jnight easily ..enumerate, but there is one thing ^which it ia almost sore to do — it will cause its 'possessor to listen with a ready ear to the voice of iiie first charmer who charms with ordinary advertiHins wisdom. A case in the Court of Common. Pleas, reported yesterday as ' Conran v.. Janes,' is a proof that a little capital is a daigerpus thing, and, as a lesson to persons about to speculate in. a small Tray, we may re-state it with advantage. A short tame ago an advertisement appeared in. the columns of a contemporary, which was admirably drawn np to _catch i3ie eye of small capitalists. It ran as follows:— 'To Ladies said Gentlemen — 3For £150 an established income of £200 a year, without occupation. Apply per sonally to Messrs. Sloperand Co., 51, Moorgate street, City.' There was something particularly attractive about this advertisement. . Some wary epecula 'tors -with limited means may have thought tiiat it promised a little too much, or that under -the smiling- surface of those large profits was hidden a fearful pit of loss^and despair. The announce ment, however, drew, more than the average number of -oersonal -applications, and the result, was that a Mr. Conran, a chemist and druggist, paid the money, andjbund himself in possession of a. very singular property. It was hot a ** halfpenny hatch' in a back .street of the suburbs : it was not a turnpike in a public road receiving the tolls for the fag-end of -a contract ; it was not a baked-potato-can of the advanced order of construction; it was not the embalmed body of Julia Pastrana,, nor the speaking auto maton of M. Faber, which has now turned up again as good : as new in Paris, after having exhausted London cariosity fifteen years ago. It was not a half-share, in. 'Deerfoot,' the olive-coloured pedestrian; nor the lease of the Eoyalty theatre ; nor a panorama of British Columbia; nor a share in a Borneo coal mine; nor a promise of-a seat in. Parliament. It was not a living gorilla, nor a dead chimpanzee ; but nothing more nor less than a metropolitan bogie. It was one of those light and elegant structures which .made their appearance about two or three years ago in 'a few of our principal thoroughfares, which ;by night look like turnip headed ghosts set up to frighten horses, and by daylight stand covered .with' advertisements in -places where he who wishes to be run over may .read. Hot to keep ihe readerany longer in sus pense, this property was nothing more nor less than the illuminated advertising column .which stands between the end of the City- road 'and Unsbury-sguare. The price paid to a Mr. Janes, the proprietor, was £150 in cash and bills, and the gentlemanly occupation, which- was lighter than amusement, was at once entera -upon by the purchaser. Like all people going into a business which he knew nothing about, he believed all the statements about the profit to be. derived from the column, and had no fear about the interference of the parish authorities. If anyone had attempted to lead him astray about the value of drugs and chemicals, .or the profit of a chemist and druggist's shop, he would doubtless have had a ready and sensible answer ; but hankering' after that undiscovered Golconda, which most peopleJbenWe to be hidden an every other business but their own, he paid his money and waited for extraordinary returns'. In a few weeks he found that the productiveness of his street eyesore had been vastly over-rated. It was ugly and obtrusive; but not profitable. 'Many of the advertisements were stuck - up without authority from the advertisers, or paid ibr at a much lower rate than he had understood was charged by the previous proprietor. .After a few weeks' barren ownership of a structure ?which was little better than.alamp-post,he became discontented, applied for his money back, and failing to get it, brought ian-action 3bo recover it on the ground of misrepresentation. It was proved in evidence that the column had been bought at a public sale for £9 15s,, being one of the structures originally belonging to the Ulu ininated Advertising Company. (Limited), The plaintiff had doubtless read the newspapers, and was not ignorant of , the failure of that Company, hyt for all that he:. thought he could do more with the property than ihose who had created it. The defendant — a Venetian blind-maker— must also have once labored under a similar de lusion when he snapped up«uoh a troublesome and costly bargain. According to his statement on oath, he had spent £40 br $50 in repairing the column, in putting pavement round it, ana in negotiating with the parish authorities to prevent it being removed. He. was not satisfied ?with his purchase,, so he sold it to Mr. Conran through Mr. Sloper. .Mr. Conran was' not satis fied with his purchase, so he. insisted upon Mr. Janes taking it back through jtfr. Justice Willes and a common jury. The column still stands— : an eyesore to the . public, and a hideoas warning to two speculative tradesmen; each of whom will, probably for some time to come stick to a business which he understands. . . - 