SECOND SIGHT. Stroo; •one] of limb, and fleet of foot, with crisp, , auburn etuis, with cheeks like hard red apples, and eyes glowing like stars, Angus M'Lean was surely not likely to be the victim of nervous disease. His family said he had the gift of second sight. But we have been accustomed to consider these " children of the mist," even when they happen to belong to the stronger sex, to be weak, even as hysterical women. Their bate to be emaciated, their nerves withoi^ toBi,-«ri if they «ee into the neit world, we judge it ia because the rail of flesh it fretted so thin by disease, that it becomes as it were transparent. But Angus M'Lean was no hysterical, nervous, or nerveless being, bearing about the miaety of unmanliness and seeing ghosts in every graveyard. He was a man of few words, and never told aught that he had aeen that common eyes could never see, unless it were to do some good, or avert tome eviL And be would have been a brave friend or foe who dared asked Angai ghostology. What was told simply, seeming sense of the marvellous. I remember a night in Edinburgh when I wat young and inexperienced, with hot blood in my heart and my head, that a singular adventure befel me. I had been sent by my father to the Horns public-home to meet a drover, who waa to pay him tome money. I had received the money, and should have gone directly home, for the sum WSB very considerable, and I waa not one to venture on my own strength. Then this house, to which I was sent, had fallen under suspicion as a place where our national morality waa not respected as it. should be. But I troubled mvself little about rumours. X waa young and full of enthusiasm, and pleased to be busted by my father with so important a matter. Mv father was so much an invalid, that he usel to call me his hands and feet. We had been in pecuniary difficulties which it had taken all our fortitude to bear, but this money wat to set us free, and make my father as much at ease as a man with moderate wants and enough to supply them, can be. I went then with an excellent heart to receive tbia money, which was duly paid me. I pat it safely in my pocket, and was about to return at once to my home,; when a tall, pale maa, who sat apart in (he coffee-room, interested me, and I lingered for one moment, thinking what might *U book hn that iw WM reading. As 1 looked at him he raised his eveato mine wiQi a glance of qukk intelligence and tioted bit book, keeping hit plaoe with bia thumb between the leaves. Husn he sddressed me as if by the feeling of a common sympathy, and said: "Young gentleman, do yon happen to be familiar wiUi ' Tbe Cotter's Saturday KiridP" No* Buroa was my idol, and that home scene, with its piety, purity, and poetry, was sacred to ne, I expressed my feeling with the enthusiasm of youth, and the atranger teamed delighted with tny sentiments, but he sighed heavily. " Ear from home," said he, "this exquisite word painting brings all I love dearest before me so clearly, that I am saddened in spite of myself." X pitied the stranger. The stranger's heart, 0 wound It not. A yearning anguish it Hs lot- These words thrilled through my heart, and I kept beside the gentleman when I ought to have been on my way home. At length X spoke of going. "Myyoung friend," said the lover of Burns," you will go got till you have drunk to the memory ofScotia's bard." He sjpoke gravely and tenderly, and I joined bimover a bowl of punch madeol " the Dew off Bon Nevis," meaning to leave my fascinating friend after a tingle glass. But I was fated not to do this. I listened to his musical voice, as he quoted liberally, from Burns, and landed him aa liberally. I had never a strong head, and the national beverage and the national poetry, I suspect, were too much for me pretty soon. I remember that the gentleman remarked that "the higher sentiments should not be exposed before the vulgar," and in illustration of the remark he proposed that we should go into his own private room, which adjoined the coffee-room, but was fitted ference: " Do you ever play f" At home I had never been allowed to play at backgammon, and probably for this reason I was very fond of the gauie. I said I liked no game better; and we began to play. I was very much excited by the punch, and by all Uie circumstances of the evening, and after a time I found we were betting largely. This seemed only natural, and I went on staking my father's money and winning the stranger's. I remember having a confused notion that if I took the gentleman's money when I had wan it, the play would be gamkijj, wad no longer th» innocent game J had consented to jday. Therefore, though winning largely the stranger's money, I refused to take it. He urged the gold upon me, telling me that he should take my money without scruple, if be won it. A pile of gold lay at my elbow that X had won and refused to take, when he hegan to win from mc. " Win your own moner in welcome," said I; "I will stake it'all, and twenty guineas beside, on this throw." As I said these words, a heavy hand was laid upon my shoulder, but I was too much under the influence of the punch and the game to notice it. " Woo, bv all the Gods," said the gentleman. " Hand over vour twenty guineas." " Won—but with loaded dice, and from a boy who stakes hia father's money with a professional gamester who has made him drunk," said the deep voice of Angus M'Lean, who had come unannounced and at midnight into this room, which had semi-public character, and as we afterwards learned was often used for the nefarious work of the professional blackleg. Angus knew the house well, but such had been the accuracy of his information this night, that he would have found me, if he had known nothing before of the house or its charac- : tor. As Angus spoke of loaded dice, the gambler cried out " A base falsehood." At the same time he attempted to sweep them from the table. But Angus was too quick for him. He coolly put them in his pocket, sayint, «I will joist save this wee bit of evidence, and you, sir, may call me to account whenever you like." The discomfited gambler scraped up his gold, and slunk out of theroom. Angasdrew am through his own, and essayed to L me away. I was weak from the effects of the liquor, and violently affected by tbe opportune appearance of Angus. The thought that I had been within a hair's breadth of ruining my poor fkiher came upon me, and sobered me, like a deluge of oold water. Now Angus M'Lean always spoke Seoteb when excited, though in the main he was only an English-speaking cosmopolitan, having spent several years in London, and having no pride in hie Scottish idiom. Ye pair caliaot," said he to me, aa we rged into the open air. " I did na ken ye at a*. To tbink of your bein' clean wud the night, just real daft, and tbrawing awa' your puir auld father's last bawbee." X heard him, and yet I seemed not to hear him. I was in a dream-like state, and suffers! myself to be led home and put to bed by Angus, as if I had been a child of two years led by the hand. When I awoke next morning Angus was beside me. He brought me a bottle of soda-water, which somewhat cured the confusion in my head, besides quenching a burning thirst. " My poor boy," said Angus, " do you remember i"' The rush of recollection, though confused, the shame of my conduct, the ruin, the miser)' that I had ro narrowly cscaped bringing upon my poor father and our family, overcame me entirely. I nearly i fainted. I believe X felt in that moment all the agony that would have been my father's portion, if Angus had not interposed his strong arm between me and that most accomplished knave and hypocrite, who had me wholly in his power. After a few moments of keen remorse X revived, and replied " I have but a confused recollection." As t reflected, the incidents of the first part of the evening came out one by one on the background of memory with much clearness. " But how came you to think of coming to to Hons, Angus, and at IS o'clock at sight?" Iaaked. "I will toll yon,"said he, very serisusly, thst yon way know how Providence watches over yon; but I trust you will not therefore ever tempt Providenoe again. Laat nigbt I retired at ten, and, as is my custom, I was asleep the minute after my head touched the pillow. At eleven, I swoke with a violent palpitation of the hsart, and I saw that gaming room at the Horns, and you «nd that gamester at the table. I caw him ply yon with spirits. I saw thst you played at "dice, and Isaw.too, that hit were loaded. I watched you both u he allowed you to win, and I thought of vour poor father, and the ruin that wat being wrought for him. I saw all this in a moment, at one sees a landscape, and take, in its features of houses, hill, and vale, in a single fltth of lightning, and I sprang from my bed, dressed me as rapidly as my agitation and trembling would allow, and laid my hand on your shoulder at the Horns at toon at my limbs would bear me there. And if your life had depended or. my speed, I would hare trusted myself sooner than any horse I ever saw." " You saved me from life-long remorse, and my dear father from ruin, my good Angus/' said L My heart was too full for adequate expression. " Give God thanks," wat ray gift. It was the second sight, Allan, ana all our gifts are from tfod. Therefore we ahould use them wisely. Keep my secret, Allan, and I will keep yours, and we will both be thankful all our days, to the good Providence that had us in keeping." Though this occurred many years since, I have never before communicated tbe facts to any person. I would like to have this and other strange experiences of mv friend explained. When X have spoken with him on the subject, he has always said, " It is my gift, Allan. It never cornea at call, and I am glad it does not, but it always comet for good. I thank God for it, and I am sure you do, Allan, for had you not cause ?" 