INQUESTS. - Sudden Death op a Lunatic— -The District Coroner held an inquest, on Tuesday, at Mr Harcourt's private lunatic asylum, at Pascoevale, on the body of an inmate, named Sarah Holmes, who died there on the previous day. The deceased, who was thirty-eight years of age, was received into the asylum on the 14th of October last, suffering from chronic mania. She was then somewhat emaciated, and very dirty in her habits, and, besides, had bruises on her legs, and required to be fed. She was also violent at times, but it was never necessary to place her under restraint. After her admission she became much better, and was gaining strength rapidly until the morning of Tuesday last, when she was suddenly seized.with a shiveiing fit, and became unable to speak. Some stimulants were administered to her, and a surgeon was sent for, but she died before he arrived. On the evening before her death she seemed in better health than usual, and ate heartily. Dr. Edward Barker, who made a 2-ost mortem ? examination of the body of the deceased, deposed that the membranes of the brain, and the brain it self were greatly congested. There ? were also old fibrinbus deposits on it. With the exception of some old pleuritic adhesions, the lungs were healthy. The heart was somewhat enlarged', but it was, nevertheless, healthy, and so, also, were the other organs of the body. The cause of death was con gestion of the brain and its membranes, from natural ' causes. Dr. Barker stated that in his opinion the j lif e of the deceased could not have been saved, even ! although medical assistance had been procured when { she was taken suddenly ill. Dr. Youl, who had at- j tended to the deceased during the time she was at - the 'Asylum, was then examined, after which the jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence. Fatal Affray. — Dr. Youl, city coroaer, held an inquest, on 4th inst, at the Hospital, on the body of a man named Chorle3 Clarke or C. A. Stack; who died there on the 2nd inst., from a fracture of the spine, caused in a quarrel with a man namei Boyle, on Sunday last. By the evidence adduced,, it ap peared that the deceased and Boyle were both em ployed on Mr Anderson's farm, at Greensborough, and were, along with several other men, engaged in milking cows on Sunday morning last. Boyle threw some water on the yard close by where he was at work, and, as it flowed over to where the deceased ' was sitting, the deceased told him to desist or he would put his head in it. Boyle replied that he was not able to do so. No more then j passed until they had finished milking, when Boyle ! took off his coat and said they could ' Have it out.' j They both seemed very anxious to fight, but they wore at that time prevonted, and they resumed their ' coats and walked towards the hut. As they went along, they called each other names, when all at once the deceased, without any notice, ran at Boyle, who was carrying a bucket of inilk, and knocked Him down. They then fought a round, in the course of which Boyle was knocked down again. On getting up, he said to the deceased, ' Shake hands, Charlie, and we will stop it now.' The deceased, however, would not do so, and they then went into a paddock and renewed the fight. At the first bout, Boyle was knocked down, after which he and the others who were present, wished the fight stopped, but the deceased again refused. They then went at it in right earnest, and after another, brief struggle, they both fell together, the deceased under. On attempting to get up the deceased could not stir, and complained of his neck, and that he had lost the use of his body and arms. Ho was imme diately conveyed to the hut, but declined to allow medical assistance to be sent for. ' As he was no better, however, on the following morning, he was conveyed to the hospital. The fight, according to tho testimony of several witnesses who wore examined , was fairly contested throughout ; and, had the deceased ! been willing, matters might have been satisfactorily settled before it had proceeded so far as it did. Dr. James, resident surgeon at the hospi tal, deposed that the deceased was suffering from paralysis of the upper and lower extremities through the fracture of his spine, when he was admitted into the hospital, and that he died two hours afterwards. A post mortem examination of tho - body showed that the hreast-bone was broken, and likewise the fifth cervicle vertebras, which was also displaced and pressed against the spinal cord. . The cause of death was fracture of the spine ; and the ; jury returned a verdict to that effect, and, at the ' same time, found Boyle guilty of manslaughter, i upon which charge he was thereupon committed for trial. Buried by a Land Slip.— A distressing accident occurred on Tuesday, at Fitxroy, whereby a man named Peter Miller lost his life and one John Harris ? was seriously injured. Both men were at work ; excavating a cellar at the rear of Mr Alexander's butcher's shop, in Gertrude street, when a large slip of earth took place, by which Miller was completely '. buried alive. The other man, who narrowly escaped I a similar fate, received some severe contusions on | the head. A number of willing hands immediately set to work, and Miller was dug out as soon as possi- ' j ble, but. he was then quite dead. His death must ' I have been almost instantaneous. An inquest was held on the body, and a verdict of accidental death : returned. Fatal Accident on the Collingwood Gold Mining Company's Claim.— Dr. Youl held an in- ' quest on Thursday, at the Melbourne Hospital, on the body of a man named Robert Mackie, who died ' there on the -2nd instant, from absorption of pus through an abscess in the chest, caused by an injury accidentally received on the 22nd of Sep tember last, in the Collingwood Gold Mining Com pany's works. The deceased was employed by the company as general manager, at the time of the accident, the circumstances connected with which were as follows : — The jack of the pump having got out of order, it was rendered necessary to lift ' '' two or three lengths of the pump with the clack ''?' door upon it. In doing so, a chain was used '.!' which had been brought into the yard by one of '?'' ?the;men, but which was not the property of the company. The deceased, at the time, was standing on a stage about fifteen feet down the shaft, guiding the pump, when the chain broke, and his hand was severely injured. It was under his direction that ' the chair was used for a sling, as the blocks were ' too small to use the four-inch rope supplied by the ; company. Shortly after the accident it was found [ necessary to convey the deceased to the hospital, '' where, on examination, his hand was found to be so ' much shattered that it was deemed advisable to ''''? amputate it immediately. The case, according to . the: evidence of Dr. James, the resident sur- ? -: geon, went on very favorably, and, on tho '. 9th October last, the deceased was made an out-door patient. In a 'few days afterwards he '\\\ was, however, re-admitted, suffering from perecar- . ditis, and though the usual remedies were applied,: - he gradually sank and died. He never complained:' ' of his chest during his illness, although it had, ' doubtless, . been injured at the time of.' the ''„ accident. On a post mortem examination of ; his body being made, pus was found .'tp'. ' be deposited in the substance of the brain and on its surface. The brain itself was pale, but healthy. Immediately over the chest there was some pus, and the articulation between the first and second bones of the sternum was destroyed by an -. abscess. The pus in the absgess had made its way; ,', into the cavity of the chest, and there was also some deposited in the lungs and liver. The heart was ? quite healthy, and there was no perecarditis. . The cause of death was absorption of pus from the, ,: ? abscess in the sternum, and the jury accordingly re-. '.'.'/ turned a verdict to that effect. ' ' Poisoning by Strychnine. — Case op Recovery. ?' —The following is the report of the treatment of a ; curious and rather mysterious case of poisoning, ad- ' ,'? mitted into the G-eelong Hospital on Monday last. '': The young woman has bKen going about the town ''''' lately, representing herself as the wife of a squatter, and besides engaging a great number of servants for ''' ' imaginary situations, she. has ordered large amounts; of goods from various tradesmen of the town, to the value of several hundred pounds. The unfortunate creature is said to have exhibited symptoms of lu nacy occasionally. The following is Dr. Reid's re port; :— Mrs ? , aged 22, was admitted into the Geelong Hospital, on the 2nd November, at 12.45 a.m. She admitted having taken eighteen penny worth of strychnine, but positively refused to allow herself to be treated. In spite of her resist ance, a powerful emetic was [given ; the emetic \ not acting promptly, the stomach pump was used and this was followed by free vomiting. A large quantity of castor oil was then injected into the stomach by the pump. About five minutes after the vomiting ceased very violent tetanic spasms set in ? foaming at the mouth with lividity of the counte nance and obstruction to respiration, dilation of tit© ; pupils and great rapidity of the pulse. An injection x of half a drachm of extract of conium, well mixed up with; three half pints of warm water was imme diately thrown up the rectum ; the spasm soon after ceased, and the woman foil into a lethargic state. Cold water iniections worp. f.hmi na*i\ anA t,,i.«a ? * not absorbed of the first injection was ejected though the tetanic condition lasted till about seven p.m., yet the convulsions were of small intensity subsequent to tho use of the coninm. Whenever tlte woman felt a fit coming on chloroform was admin istered, and she got ease. She knew of their ap proach by feeling great pain all over the body and then any stimulus to the surface would induce a con- ??''? vulsion — chloroform removed this condition. To-day she is doing very well. The strychnine was takesa ' twenty minutes before admission to the hospital U'; J- and, on an empty stomach— Qedonn Advertiser November 4. . ' * ? . ?Vf Ghost ! The Ghost !— Whether the late ac cident which occured to Mr Merlin's ghost.prodne mg apparatus has caused the spirits to disperse and perform on their own account we are not prepared to state, but one of a most formidable appearance .has visited a farm held under an occupation license on Dr. Baynton's run, to the horror of the party re siding thero, who, we are told, endeavored to obtain clerical assistacco, and, this being rofused him he ; tried carnal weapons, but without success, as he was so scared on hearing the ghost speak that he threw them down and took to his heels, never once daring ? ' to look back until he had placed a considerable dis tance between him. and the would-be conversant spirit. As far as we can learn, the ghost makes its appoavance only on Friday night, in the form of cue of the fair sox, and invites the horrified inmates to. follow it no one knows where. A large party have valiantly resolved to proceed to the haunted house and capture the ghost or perish in the attempt. We would advise the 'ghost' to ceaso its practical ]okes, as the receipt of a charge of shot sufficient to peel the wool off an bppossum would be a bad ter mination, ta ft ?? lark,'— Kyiieton GicawKan, Nov, 3, 