THE NEWS OF TIIE DAY. Exempted as we have be?n now for a month since the Black Wednesday that closed the year 1862 from very oppressive hot winds, we have hardly a right to complain of the modified hot blasts under which Melbourne sweltered yester day. Nevertheless, the heat was very intense, and the sufferings of her Maiestv's Victorian subjects severe. In the shade, in a cool atone house, the thermometer registered 9D ° . The wind was not high, but the unclouded sky, save where the sun glare dimmed the horizon, sent forth gusts of more than tropical heat. Tho heat was not modified by a sea breeze, so tiat we may expect a repetition of the Turkish bath tempera ture of yesterday. The Bmoke of Beveral fires was observable in the direction of the Dandenong ranges, and other localities around Melbourne- «nd we may anticipate reports of other confla grations. A meeting of sq lat'.ers interested in the Mur rumbidgee district was held at Messrs Kirk's Ba xaar, a few days ago, to consider the condition of things on one or more stations in the district, upon which several free selectors have taken up thirty or forty-acre allotments, and impounded cattle and horses. A memorial was adopted to the Governor of New South Wales, but we can not imagine what relief can be hoped for from his Excellency in the face of an Act of Parliament. We understand that the committee for the re lief of the suffering cotton spinners of Scotland, remitted the Bum of £550 by the Bombay, making a total of £1550 already remitted. We believe that a further Bum of £500 subscribed has yet to be collected. The departure on Saturday afternoon of the Red Jacket for Dunedin, with 900 passengers, brought an unusual concourse of persons to the Sandridge Pier. There were probably nearly a thousand persons present, the greater number of whom were friends of those on board. By far the greater number of the passengers appeared to be bona fide diggers, and several had taken their passages three weeks ago by the Maupertuis. The vessel hauled off the pier a few minutes after six o'clock amidst the cheers of the assembled spectators. Several other vessels, including the City of Melbourne and the Gothenburg, are laid on for the new Eldorado. The usual monthly meeting of the members of the Horticultural Society will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. Chair to be taken at half-past six. A boy named Joseph Morris, about twelve years sf age, was brought to the Hospital on Saturday forenoon, suffering from a broken arm, received at Sandridge Pier, by beincr accidentally caught in the winding gear of one of the engines used in loading and unloading cargo there. A man called Joseph Nobbs, was also admitted into the Hos pital, from Collingwood, suffering from injuries to the face and eyes from the discharge of a blast at the Collingwood quarries. The blast had bsen charged in the usual manner about 50 minutes before he ventured forward. Both cases are pro gressing favorably. Amongst numerous additions of models to the mining section of the Museum added during the week, is an interesting American invention, presented by Mr Bland, for fixing the iron shoes on the stamp heads by a simple conical tenon. This has been tried at Clunes. and found to be productive of great saving of time and money. Some annual rifle matches and sperts are to take place at Pentridge, on Wednesday, 4th February, the principal feature of which is to' be the competition for the Sumner cup, presented byT. J. Sumner, Esq., for the best shot. There are to be all-comers matches, foot-races, and other sports, and they will take place in the Village Reserve, between 12 and 6 p.m. It is probable that the forthcoming encamp ment at the Bar won will be well attended. Returns havfi already been received at the Volunteer Office of 1000 men being prepared to attend, and it is expected that, when the remain ing returns are received, this number will be increased to 1400. Barnum, Baron Munchausen's ghost, or the discoverer of the great sea serpent must be amongst us taking notes. The following in tho form of a letter to a town contemporary is gravely going the round of the country press I have lately discovered in a stony creek, fifteen miles from Castlemaine, the bodies of three abori gines, quite whole, and not wanting in the v!: smallest details, but which are petrified into solid marble. When I first saw them I thought they were actually alive, until on going closer I noticed the eyes. They are in a sitting posture, and the veins, muscles, &c.;, may be distinctly traced through what is now a group of stone blocks ; they are in a splendid state of preserva tion — even the finger nails, teeth, &c.;, are as per fect as they were 500 years ago. One of them has a stone axe by his Bide, without any haft.' The writer forgets to mention that the date A.D. 1363 is inscribed in letters of brass on the solid marble. A married couple once fell out, as Hi rried folk will do, on relative notions of human happiness and connubial bliss. Patting on the climax of apostrophe, Mr Benedick summed up to his ine briate spouse — ' You was drunk on Monday, you was diunk on Tuesday, you was drunk yesterday; do you expect to bo a perfect hangel on hearth f' Our contemporary, the Border Post, must have notions something like those of the Cockney Bene dick, for thus he illustrates the matenal, if not the moral progress of Beech worth : — '- Fifteen men in a ' happy state' were counted on Sunday even ing between Deep Creek and Beechworth. There is yet some little trade to be done round the old town,' There is an opinion common that if Australia is not 'ignored' in England, there is a good djsl of English ignorance concerning Australia. The Australian and New Zealand Gazette, however, takes ome pains, and a good deal of articlemak ing, to prove to us that a 1 -eal journal is very mueh in the wrong in saying so ; that we are not only well known, but highly appreciated in the old country, even to acknowledgment in the aristocratic columns of the Morning Post and Court Journal. 'Victoria not known in Eng land .' exoIaimB our Anglo-Australian contem porary, ' why, a thief runs across the world from Warwickshire, and finds a Rugby detective quietly waiting at Sandri 'ge to inform him he is ' wanted.' ' Th& liveliness with which dry proceedings in some of the up-country courts of justice are oc casionally garnished, speaks more of the license than for the taste or notions of dignity of provin cial bars. These things are doubtless considered witty or humorous, or we should not find them Bo frequently accompanied by ths stenographic comments of 'laughs' and 'laughters.' It may be a Boeotian nature in a sunny clime, but ?we must confess to n frequent inability to dis.. cover tne pome oi me numerous jokbb anu jone lets, torts against good Queen's English, and retoits agairst good manners, in which our learned lawyers so often indulge. To go no fur ther back than the case of the railway clerk, Murray, at the Ballaarat Police Court, on Friday, reported elsewhere, but with the le&al; jokes excised, we find the examination of a witness quite needlessly interrupted by a remark of the prisoner's adviser, that he was ' with the court,' to which prosecutor politely and wittily retorts, 'I wish you were out of it.' Here again is another brilliant dialogue, and exchange of com pliments. A witness has deposed that all the items of an account were initialed by the prisoner. MrKabat; 'That is very satisfactory.' Mr Thompson : ' Not at all.' MrKabat: 'No, not to you, but it is very satisfactory to me.' We print dialogue fashion, to show how admirably these things must tend to the improvement and legibility of legal reports. Perhaps provincial at torneys deem it a la Chesterfield, but at a long dis tance, to pay indirect compliments to the offioial head of the profession in Victoria ; but all the sallies of all the police courts cannot come up to the wit and originality of Mr Attorney- General, the other evening, on moons and green cheese. Or it may be that it is admiration of the brilliant and well mannered interruption of speakers on their legs which characterises the oratorica' watch fulness of an illustrious chief in another Assembly Be this as it may, the local reporters are the chief offenders in giving publicity to such senseless and impertinent interruptions of public business. The honorary secretary of the Bendigo Liberal Association has sent us the following, as the pro- gramme of the principles and objects of the So- ciety: "The Bendico Liberal Association is formed for the purpose of securing united action amongst earnest reformers in all matters relating to the representation of the people in Parliament. The primary objeot of the Association will be the conservation of the system of manhood suffrage, and the complete registration of parliamentary voters. It will be the general object of the Asso ciation to secure the return of members to Parlia ment pledged to support liberal principles, and especially such as have given their adhesion to the following programme : — 1. Payment of members. 2\. Improved land legislation — securing free selec tion and de'erred payments. 3. The abolition o^ state aid to religion, 4. The honest administra tion of the Common Schools Act. 5. A reform in the constitution of the Legislative Council, by the reduction of the property qualification, both fox members and electors ; by provisions for more frequent elections, and by investing the Governor of the colony with power to dissolve the House. 6. The economical expenditure ef public funds. 7 The abolition of the export duty upon gold. 8. The mining interest being of the first importance for the prosperity and continued advancement ot this great country, no person shall be supported by. this Association \vV o will not pledge himself yto- use his utmost exertions to bring about such mea sures aB will further develope that interest.' The office-bearers are:— President, Henry Lee; Vice- Presidents, R. O. Smith, M.M.B., and Joseph Millen; Hon. Treasurer, John McIntyre, J.P. Hon. Secretary, W. P. Nicholls; and a commit- tee of thirty. The Bendigo Advertiser, in mentioning that cotton plants obtained from Brisbane, in Queens land, are now in flower in the Botanic Gardens at White Hills, Sandhurst, states that the seed ob tained from the Melbourne Botanic Garden never came to any good. The director of the garden at White Hills is in hopes of being able to raise Bome good plants. Theoretically, the seed of the cot ton plant ought to be, and is, considered one that quickly loses its vital force ; but we lately Baw some seeds of three varieties — Sea Island, New Orleans, and Brazilian cotton, the growth of 1859 or 1860, which had endured the voyage from New Orleans and Rio de Janeiro to England, and was thence carried to Melbourne, arriving in Novem ber, 1862. It was Bown by way of experiment. The soil, sandy, hot, and^dry, was by accident ' oicneu ux.utpi, once uy a tmgnL inunuer shower, yet in about ten days the seed all vege tated freely and strongly. The usual weekly meeting of the City Council will be held to-day. Accounts are recommended for payment to the amount of £1074 2s 2d, the principal item of which is £595 7s 4d to the City Treasurer for salaries. The Finance Committee recommend that the duties of the valuators be apportioned as follows : — Lonsdale Ward : Messrs Westall, Donne, and Hart well; Bourke Ward : Messrs Westall and Donne; Latrobe Ward: Messrs Hartwell, Johnston, and Westall; Gipps Ward: Messrs Hartwell, Johnston, Heales, and Phair ; Smith Ward: Messrs Heales and Phair. ^r- Wragge has given notice that he will move that the Council resolve that in future when ap plications are invited from persons desirous of filling vacant offices under the Corporation any candidate personally soliciting the votes of the members of the Council shall be declared dis qualified, and that notice to that effect be given at the time of inviting the applications. Cr. Hill has given notice that he will move that the Public Works Committee be authorised to call for tenders for the erection of three street fountains, presented to the Corporation by T. Napier, Esq., in such places as the Council may determine, at a cost not exceeding the sum of £25. The remainder of the business is simply of a routine nature. I The bi-monthly meeting of the M'lvor Cale donian Quartz Mining Company was held on ^ Saturday, at the offices of the company, Collins street. The directors' report was read, from ' which it appeared that the late manager, Mr Ross, j had declined to give up the books and safe be longing to the company, until he was paid a claim J of £i5 for salary, he owing the company at the ' same time £500 for over-due calls. The directors had offered to pay him half his salary, and to place the remainder to the credit of his account, but this Mr Ross declined to do. The result at the meeting on Saturday, was that the directors were authorised to pay Mr Ross's salary in full, an amendment that he should not be paid having been lost by a majority of one. The rething com mittee of management were re-elected, and the meeting adjourned until Saturday next, for the appointment of a new manager. Mr Moule occu pied the chair. David Murray, a clerk in the Government rail way office at Ballaarat, was charged at the Police Court there, on Friday, with embezzlement. The facts disclosed are certainly, to say the least, not creditable to the system and vigilance of the Go vernment railway management. The original amount of the defalcations, as shown in evidence, is set down at £112 18s Id, but subsequent to the charge being made against the accused, and when called upon to account for the money, it appears that he made two payments and reduced the actual deficiency to £39 18s Id. His business was to receive all moneyB for the transmission of goods, and then initial the book opposite the various amounts received, subsequently entering the amounts in a cash book. These two books did not tally. Here is a curious passage from the evidence of the chief auditor : ' From information received from the station master at Ballaarat east, witness came toBal aarat for the purpose of audit ing the books in November. The books were bo much behind-hand that it was impossible to audit them. He gave instructions to the prisoner to write them up, and in a few days visited Ballaarat east again, and found the books in a similar state as he had found them before. Witness gave in structions to Mr Cameron, the station master, to have them written up as early as possible. This was done, and the result was a deficiency.' Mr Downes says he audited the books 'several times, probably three or four times a month,' but this, if it tallies with the statement that the deficiency occurred between the ' 1st of November and the 4th of December,' does not say a great deal for the audit. On the other hand, the station mas ter, whose duty it was 'to see a correct monthly balance sent to the auditor's office,' excuses him' self that he was not in the practice of going over the books every morning before receiving the cash from the prisoner, because it ' would take a day to do that,' but this, even if admissible, does not exonerate the system, ! The charge preferred some days ago against a member of the Legislature in his local capacity of Chairman of a District Road Board, has been ac cepted and explained by Mr G. G. Morton, mem ber for Ripon and Hampden, and ex- Chairman o ^ the Ballaarat District Road Board. At a meeting of that Board, on Friday, a statement of facts by the Finance Committee, at the instance of Mr Morton, was submitted, showing the manner in which the honorable gentleman, as late chairman, has dealt with the centractor'a deposits, and Mr Morton is there exonerated ; but it will be seen that the committee admit that ' the manner in which the transfer of the moneys of the contrac tore' deposit account has been conducted has not been business-like, and while they regret that on both sides a certain amount of remissness is ob. servable, they would at the same time state that the result has not been injurious to the public.' It is not surprising that public suspicion should be aroused, when it is admitted that the chairman of a public board has had public moneys placed to what is virtually a private account, albeit even though it be urged that it is for public convenience. It seems to have been the practice of the board, and a most objectionable one, during Mr Morton's chairmanship, to pay the money deposited by con tractors as a guarantee for performance of works to a separate banking account in the chairman's name, and on completion of the works, the con tractors were paid by cheque from the chairman. I When Mr Mo: ton retired from the chairmanship in November last, there was a balance due by him of £268 6s 6d, which he did not immediately re fund because there was a disputed item of £7, Mr Morton having been charged £100 when he only received £93 on the contractor's account. As a matter of honor between a chairman and a board, one would imagine the settlement of dis puted itemB ought to have been an affair subse quent to the drawing of a cheque the moment the chairman's duties were officially at an end. The fact that items oould be open to dispute proves the impropriety of any kind of private accounts connected with the administration of public funds. The Geelong Exhibition at the Mechanics' In stitute closed on Saturday, after a mo moderately successful run of six weeks. It is stated that upwards of £600 have been taken as admission money and for the sale of cata logues. The General Sessions for the County of Bourke commence this day. The calendar is a heavy one, consisting of 51 cases, some of them in volving serieus charges. There is one charge of manslaughter, that against Martha Andrew ; one of cutting and wounding ; one of attempted suicide ; and a charge of assault, with intent, I against the youth M'Intyre. There is a charge of bigamy, and two of forgery and uttering. The remainder consist of cases of various forms of theft and robbery, obtaining money under false pretences, and embezzlement. Under the latter head the Post-office clerk, Ottiwell Moore, will be placed on his trial at these sessions. The vacancy in the Australian steam passtn. ger service, caused by the loss of the Royal Charter is about to be filled up. We take the following from the Bristol P ost : — ' Our fellow citizen Mr Patterson, the eminent ship-builder, has just been entrusted with an extensive order from Messrs James Baines and Co., the proprie tors of the well-known ' Blackball' line of Aus tralian packets, of which the Great Britain, whose continued successful passages to Melbourne every Bristolian must look upon with pride, is the principal ship. Mess s Baines and Co. having purchased a large iron steamer named the Jacquard, of Havre, recently engaged in the French transport service, she has been sent round to this port from Liverpool to be lengthened, thoroughly overhauled, and refitted by Messrs Patterson and Son, The Jacquard is now a vesssl of very large sizs, being 1700 ton-; ru-gist?!-, and her tonnage will be increased to 2100 tons, and her length to 300 feet. She will be supplied with new and powerful engines by Messrs Fawcett, Preston, and Co., of Liverpool, will be fitted with new masts nnd rigging, the lower and top masts as well aa the yards being of iion, and it is ex- ' pectod that the alterations to be made in her will occupy about four months. When finished, she will be one of the most complete, handsomest, and finest steamers that have ever left this port. She is intended for the Australian trade, to run alternately with the Great Britain, doubtless to supply the vacancy occasioned by the loss of the Royal Charter.' A case occurred at the Geelong Police Court, on Friday, which has occasioned no little excre ment in the district. A man named Stuart was accused of gross acts of indecency towards some young girls. The evidence against him was clear, and the stipendiary magistrate entertained not a doubt on the subject ; but the opinion of two municipal magistrates ex officio overruled the judgment of the lawyer, and the offender walked off scatheless. The judgment has excited great indignation in the locality. The Getlong Adver tiser of Saturday says : — ' So great was the feeling of indignation on the part of the public at the ex traordinary decision of the Mayor and Mr W. Blair, yesterday, in James Stuart's case, that a number of the parents of the children examined, as well as other persons, threatened if ever they caught him at the same trick3 again, they would Lynch him on the spot, without judge or jury.' Shortly after two o'clock yesterday afternoon a fire took place in Victoria street, which cleared a largefrontage for future ' city improvements.' The premises destroyed by the fire were weatherboard tenements, known as 'TheNoah's Ark.' belonging to Mr O'Shanaasy. The only occupied portion was tenanted by a Mr Cunningham, a boot and Bhoemaker. The Melbourne Fire Brigade speedily brought the irresistible Yan Yean water power to bear on the block — too late, indeed, to save it from destruction, but in time to preserve the adioinine oremises. occunied bv a shoemaker named Dart, which were separated from, the burn ing tenements by a narrow right-of-way. The only other property to which any danger was likely to accrue was Mair's timber-yard. Follow ing the Melbourne Brigade, the North Melbourne Brigade soon arrived on the scene, and assisted to keep the conflagra'.iou from doing further mischief, in which they were completely successful. The excessive heat of the day, the thermometer regis tering over 100 in the shade in the vicinity of the premises, even when the fire had beenextinguiBhed, made the firemen's duty ns enviable task, and soon scared the few citizens whose curiosity had led them to the spot. We understand the pre mises were fully insured. The consecration, by the Catholic Bishop, of the new Catho'ic church of St. Joseph's, in Otter slreet, East Collingwood, took place yesterday, in the presence of a congregation numbering some five hundred persons. The building is a very unpretending brick structure. Its dimensions are 72 feet by 22 feet, and its cost (including fittings) is £900. After the consecration the Rev Mr Scully (of Sydney) delivered a discourse, in the course of which he insisted on the necessity of combining religious with secular teaching in any efficient system of education. The musical service was Haydn's Imperial mass, with the trio, A (e prego Mailre mio ! as an offerto rium ; and Paleatrina's beautiful quartette, Alia Trinila beata, in place of the Benedictus. Madan.e Testar, and some of the principal vocalists of I St. Francis's choir, were engaged for the oc casion. ' Mr W. S tit t Jenkins, not content w'.th the publicity which his poetic effusions find in the olony, forwards to the leading English j urnals for 'perusal and kind insertion' some lines written on the appeal of 'A Lancashire Lad,' which had, as he informs his English readers, been sent to Melbourne, and 'were there posted on the walls and in the windows of lhat great city.' The Athenasum was also favored with one of Mr Jenkin's circulars, which may account for our contemporary's humorous remaikB about Poets Laureate in general, and the Poet Laureate of Victoria in particular — Mr W. Stitt Jenkins to wit. ? 