THE STAGE GHOST. Our . Melbourno correspondent says:-"Pep per's ghost mads its first (Australian) ap pearance on Monday evening at-the Haymarkot Theatre, and the opinions relative to it aro as nume rous and ns raried as tho stories told of the original Cock Lane ghost. Soma of the spectators (jour reporter among; tho number) saw it to advantage. Others saw only the edge of its garments ; and others again who thought they'had picked out the best places in the theatre (exactly in the raid lino of it), did not see it at all. But all agree-the latter class somewhat angrily-it must be admitted that tho .'illusion was complete." The fact is, that the present arrangement doss not admit of the ghost being visible in the midline of the theatre, the angle of reflection being insufficient for tho purpose. The manner of its production is this :-The stage is oc cupied by two sccnes-a background, and a stago scene in the foreground. The stago scene is cut away on either side, leaving in the centrt a screen, in tho shape of a huge pillar in a vaulted dungeon, affording a convenient opening on either side for the appearance of tho ghost. As it thus stands, persons walking behind Miese openings, between them and the background, will be seen under their usual con ditions by the audience ; and they will be seen none the worse if the opening is filled up with a sheet of glass. Such a sheet of plate-glass, highly polished, was placed in the opening at a very considerable angle, so as. to, reflect to the audience an object placed behind the screen .or pillar. . The glass being transparent, at onco reflects this object to tho spec tator, and permits the spectator to seethe back ground behind the glass, so that it is impossible for liiia to distinguish the one from tho other, the re flected object appearing just as far behind the glass as it is actually in front of it.. With this result, alio, that as the object really advances towards tho back of tho stage, the ghost (reflection or apparition) ap pears to advance (in the plate-glass) from tho side of tho stage towards the contro of it, but at some con siderable distance behind the glass opening. There are, of course, many difficulties in the way of a suc cessful apparition. In the first placo, the reflected image bears no comparison in strength to the actual objects Boen through the glass, and extraordinary means are requisite to bring it out. The means adopted are three : first, the lowering of the stage lights, so as to reduco the appoaranco of the natural objects-this is, of course, quite in keeping with the idea of a midnight or dungeon visitation thick gloom and darkness. Tho second means is by making the direct object of sombre colors, the ghost object of white, which gives a much brighter image than any other color when reflected. The third mean3 is by artificially increasing the illumination of the object. To effect this, light is thrown on it from an oxy-hydrogen light, hot visible to the audience. By this means, the strength of tho reflected image is brought *p to that of the direct object, and made to appear even more solid and startling in appearance. The piece played yesterday evening was the "Castle Spectre," in which Evelina's ghost appears three times. The first appearance on this occasion was an unraistakeable success. The ghost appeared with all the solidity of a living person, and it was with a mattering of astonishmont, therefore, that Osmund's sword was seen to cleave it in vain ; it passed on re gardless of his steel, and ho fled in affright. Tho second appearance was marked by no unusual event. But in the final act, Evelina was seen to embrace hor husband Reginald, nnd when Osmond would have smote Reginald,her substance passed through him, and she confronted Osmond, who again fled in terror. This was undoubtedly the most successful appear ance. There is an additional difficulty, in the fact that the actor sees nothing of the ghost behind the glass. To hiin it is a non-existenco ; he embraces nothing,"and cuts down nothing-not oven a visual appearance ; and unless his motions aro accurately placed, he commits an absurdity. Some dissatisfac tion was expressed with tho ghost, inasmuch as it had a life-liko and solid appearance, too real for the conventional ghost which Btalks tho stago in a cloud of gauze, and really looks something a little super natural. - - . A TWOPENNY EVENING NEWSPAPER, rejoicing in the name of The Telegram, is about to be added to the list of our metropolitan journals. It is to brought out under the auspices of Mr. George S. Hough, who states in his programme that, " a residence of eleven years, and an inti mate daily intercourse for eight years, under every phase of social and political life, as a repor ter and journalist, justifies him in this somewhat bold, but not perhaps under all the circumstances, an uncalled for expression of confidence." With regard to newspapers generally, we may observe, " more the merrier." And it is to be hoped that Mr. Hough, in his endeavor to enter upon "" a new era of journalism," will meet with better success than has hitherto attended similar enter prises. One feature he purposes to introduce for the especial consideration of the ladies, is to be known as the " Feuilleton," in imitation of some of the European Continental journals. , " W k hear," says the Ballnrut Star, " that the Union Bank of Australia lias accepted a tender for the erection'of the new bank, near Craig's Royal Hotel, for a sum of £7,000." , . TUB COLONIAI. EPISCOPATE.-How. is it that one-half of the colonial episcopate are always in this country, or travelling from or to it ? There are six colonial bishops now in London, namely Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney; Dr. Perry, Bishop of Melbourne; Dr. Fulford, Bishop of Montreal; Dr. Russell Nixon, Bishop of Tasmania; Dr. Cplenso, Bishop' of Natul; and Dr., Twells, Bishop of , the . Orange' River Territory. Dr. .Gray, Bishop of Cape Town,1 litis recently left, Two others, Dr. Hills, Bishop of Columbia, and Dr. liyan, Bishop of Mauritius, arc on their way to England.-London Paper, . DINNER TO Mn. MORTON, M.L.A.-Tho mem ber for Ripon mid Hampden (Mr. Morton) entertained at a public dinner at Lcarmonth on Monday Inst by bis constituents. The entertain ment took place at the Carsc of Gowrie Hotel, and about sixty gentlemen sat down to dinner, Mr. Hath, of Ceres, presiding, The toast of the evening, the health of the gue«t, was driink with great enthusiasm.-Arcerts. ANOTHER Fatal ACCIPKNT, owing to the late heavy floods took place, we are informed, at the crossing place of tho Campasnej .on the road from Mount Alexander to Barfold. A man named Stewart, in the employ of Mr. Brvden, was driving a buggy from this gentleman's station at Mount Alexander to his farm at Barfold, on Sunday evening last, and notwithstanding the heiglU of the river and the forcc of the curront, very im prudently made an attempt to crops. It proved hut too fatal. The forewhoels of the buggy had barely reached the water when the horse lost lii.t footing, and soon horse, buggy and driver were swept irresistibly along by the remorseless cur rent. Another party renchod the ford at the same time, but with more prudcncc did not at tempt to cross.-Kyneton Ohnnrmr.l PRIX'S But.locks.-Mr. Stephen Ilolgate, on Tuesday, disposed of two fat bullocks belonging to Mr. Orr, of Ores wick, which were bred and fed on the station of Manifold, to Mr. Paterson,; of Bridge-street, for-the sum of £50 5s. The bul locks, we understand, are of the primcst quality and in excellent condition, and their equals for weight and sizo have not been seen in the district. ~Slar: 