SMALL-BEER CHRONICLES. (From AU the Year Bound) I WONDER, with all my power of wonder, whaf. an- cient-quite ancient-small talk was Hire. How ; can.one get an idea of it ? Was there any small ta'k in the days of Julius Caemar ? Was all their dialogue in tbe '* Friends, Bomana, country- men".style? Impossible. Any antiquarians who may find themselves in fnture ages speculating about iis, might as well take their ideas of our modes of conversing from the Parliamentary Iie por's, aa we our notions of classic chat from the speeches in the Roman forum. The Bard of Avon -of whom it has been sometimes remarked by partial critics, tbat he was acquainted with man- kind-was evidently of opinion that the ladies and gentlemen of Rome and Antium talked to each other much as [those of his own time were in the habit of talking. When the conspirators meet in Brutus's orchard, they at once begin a common place conversation about the night, the time when the day may be cipooted to dawn, and the exact position of the san when it rises. Valeria's con- versation, taken asa specimen of that of a fine lady of the time, is light and frivolous in the extreme, and p'entifully interspersed with the interjection " La!" an expression, by-the-by, which it is ex- tremely difficult to imagine was much in uso in the days of BrntuB. I fancy that we would most of us give up a good many pages of Livy, or Cornelius Nepjs, it we cou'dhave in exchange some authentio and de- tailed account of the small-talk and the small-life of the ancient lime. Tho small- beer of those days though certainly chronic'ed to a certain ^extent by some olaBsio au hors.isnot recorded comple'ely ana exactly enough. It is well to refer me to the Satires of Horace, and other light literature of tbe period : I still say it is not enough, and that I would sacri- fice half a dozen Odes of Horace and a play or two of Aristophanes, for a Small-Beer Chronicle of the time of Augustus-jaaV nB 1 would exchange many an antique statue and gerri, for a plio o graph of Socrates, ora carte de visi o of Oleo-, piltra. "What did a Roman " swell" say when ho ar« rived at tho house where he bad been asked to dinner ? What was the nature of his conversa ion betwoon the moment of hie so arriving, and the I timo when ho performed the nnoom'brtablo < feat of dining in a recumbent position, and propped up on eaoh of hia elbows alternately. Onoeengogod in this laborious achievement, of course what with tho difficulty of sw. Ho wing in such a position, what with the pins and needles in his elbows, and tho other miseries incident to the posi- tion, ho must have had enough to think of without tr-uhling himself to mike con- versation. But tho meal over, and Publihs Claudius on his legs agaio, what did he say ? Did he ask Publia Claudia whether she bad been walking on the Quirinal in the morning, and wheller there were many people there? Did he say that he had just heard that. the Corne- liuses were going to let their villa on the Tiber, on account of he "damp, and that the Metellus Cimbers were going to take it for the season Î And Publia Claudia what did she say ? Did she rermrk that the Corneliu 63 would be a grea loss to their society, and that she heard the Cim- bers were horrid po^p'e, horrid style, espaci ally the girls, and that detestable Sophronia Cimber going to bo married < to young Castor Oleum, who was so very nice-what a dreadful pity I I suppose this was the sort of thing that rea'Iy went on. I suppose human nature has always boon the sam», and that when Pnblius O audius heard young Castor Oleum called nice, his very gorge rose at the idea, and that' he pro- nounced C. O. to be much too smooth and slip- pery for his taste, and disparaged him-just as we do in the present day, when we get tired of hearing Aristides called the just. ' .While P. 0. and his fair companion are talking thus, tho Metellus Cimbers themselves sweep into the-I was going to say room-into the marble hall-and Publia makes a little grimace, and asks the youth with whom shebas been gossiping, if he thinks her remarks were overheard ? " How cautios one ought to be," she says ; " here aro the very people.-Dear Mrs. Cimber, how glad I am to bear we oro to have you for neighbours ; you know our villa is next but onë to tho Corneliuses, which I hear yon have taken.'' " How very plea- sant," says the lady addressed, gathering her robes about her with a graceful air, " How often have the Corneliuses spoken of the many graces of the fair Publia Claudia. How muoi we shall see of you 1" " And then," says Publia. " we are to have a weddin», I understand-your dear little Sophronia. Really, Mr. Castor Oleum is a most fortunate porson." .« Ah, we'll'' the other remarks, " we aro all very we'l pleased. There is not much money, to be sure, bnt, there's a nice little property just beyond the marshes. We spent a good deal of time there during the Ides of March, when there is the least danger of ague. Of COUTSO his property is chiefly cognoscas, in buffaloes-such herds of the monsters ! Poor little Sophronia used to be fright- ened out of her wits." " Ah 1 very good pro- perty too," puts in Publias Claudius, who has been standing by. " I wieh I had a few hundreds in- stead, of a lot of shares in that confounded Aque- duct Company." But here old. Cimber draws our friend aside, and begins to ques ion him. "*By the-by, now,'ell me about that Aquedoet Company. How is it geting on ?"" How is it getting on? Do you want some shares ? ,You shall have them for ' half their value," s íys poor deluded Publins*; " the ! thing may turn np trumps, you know, only I've 1 been kept wai ing so long that I'm thoroughly tiok j of the whole concern."1 ' Was it like this? And while old Cimber and young Publius were talking about shares, did j Publia Claudia and Sophronia OimVér eye each other's dress and begin to talk of the robes of the | period, and how they were io bo worn next season ? Did one praise the lovely fillet in the other's hair, j and receive, in .turn, congratulations on the girdle with which -she was encircled ? And Mr?. Cimber Bnd Publia Claudia's mother, what were ttíey | about? Were they discoursing about servants, and the difficulty of getting them to send up warm | plates to eat the venison upon? No doubt ihe talk was of this kind; and next morning ons of the two young ladies ran round to the house of the other/and they both had agood long chat, about the party, as they sat and warmed themselves atabràzen chafing- dish on three legs, perfectly classical, and perfeetly nncom for' able. And then as to what are called the dark ages, the time between the period railed ancient, and the middle ages. I am inclined to believe that if ever there were a time when there was no small-talk at a'l, it was during the dirk ages. .Ono cannot imagine a Goth making himself agreeable in general society. I suspeet that in utter default of this valuable commodity ot Small-Beer conversation, these benighted people ¡ used to have professional bards to amuse them and do the talking. There can bo little doubt that this was so, these wrotched boors being en- tirely incapable .of using any of the milder forms of speech, and only able to ask for meat and drink, and . to defy eioh other to mortal combat. The fight over or the hunt over, or the victorious descent upon a neighbour's property over, the young Goth flings bimset down upon a bear's skin, ea's a haunch or two of venison, swigs off a gallo a of wine, and 'hen-when he ought to be in the humour for a little light conversation roars ont in a loud voice for the bard. The bard appeals with a bald head and a three stringed harp, and the " entertainment'' begins. With regard to the middle ages it wa3 dif- ferent, and. one Bees one's way more dearly. We have got to the " Grammercy" and " Marry-come up" period, and know where we are. Not that even now we ave in a flourishing ago for Bmall talk. Small-beer conversation--great and glori- ous institution-requires a high state of civili- zation for i's development,, and with the pro- gress of civilization it progresses too. We o in- not, then, expect to find it in the condition in wh:ch we oonld wish to see it, even in the middle ages; all weean say of it is, that there was* more of it than in the dark period just preceding. And here it would seem natural that we should refer for information to the pages of those among our writers of romaneo who havo sought to illus- trate these periods in their works, and who have, doubtless, been at considerable pains to search ont the manners and customs of tho time. I have, however, no intention of trusting in so important a matter to theBe speculative gentry. . I cannot fall in with their notions of the Small-Beer talk of the medieval period. I cannot believe that there was in the conversation of the time BO . much "Grammeroy;" or that the expressions "Nay, mistrosB," and-VMino host,", were BO continually in requisition as tiley would have us believe. Why should we put any confidence in these writers of medieval fictions? Do'we not catch them nap- ping in their reports of modern conversation? Does any one, for instance, ever say «' Humph,", or "Pshaw," in the present day? Yet the flame wri ors who tiro most liberal with their "grqmmer ciea" and " marry-comes-up" in the medieval ro- mances, will he cortain, when they condescend to portray, modorn times, to adorn their pages with " humphs" and ,r pshaws" innumerable. Now thia shokes, one|s belief. Wo hayo the " Marry como-up " on the Barrie testimony as the .'« Humph.'" . The last ¡B a dolmion--why should wo believe in the other? I have expressed a doubt as to the flourishing condition of small-talk ? in the'middle 'agre, and' the more I ponder on thia important topic tho stronger does that dqnbt become We find tliesa medievals provMed with professional talkers - or bores-who wero called jesters or fools, and who were U3ed for the same purposes as the bards of tho dark period. It is hard to say whether the bard or the jester wa* the moro finished boro. It is true that the bard held on the longes', and holding on long is one of the principal chancer istics of a bore. Then he h id an aggravating ap- pearance- long white locks and a venerable board. Re was a musical boro, too. ' Tho only thing in bis favour 19, that he was not funny, as tho jester was. The bad, the atrocious jokes of the fool give him a' claim to a h'gh position in the bore fraternity; but then they were soon over. And then, it is to be supposed, they set the conversa- tion going. " A mighty pretty conceit, by're lady," says the knight. <' l'fakins, fair sir," answers bis lovely companions, " it doth surpass ye comprehension of us poor donzellés." " Nay, mis'ress,'' the knight replies ; and then off they go-Granimercy, marry-oome-up, quotha, &c; &c.; As to the Elizabethan period; we can have little difficulty as to the Small- Beer conversation of that time. It is a dis'ressing thing to think of, but I am afraid it is impossible to ignore the fact that it was an age characterised socially by a vast deal of what we now call " chaff," and bad pun- ning. The Bard of Avon, already handsomely alluded to in these pagOB, is oar authority here. That poet, knew the manners of hts time and the tastes of his time, and was naturally much in- fluenced by both. Also, was there ever anything like the amount of chaff introduced into his dia- logues? Even in tbe moBt serious " business" this is brought in somehow or 0 her. Hamlet makes a pun when the spirit of his father calls him, and struggling .to get away from his friends, that he may fol'ow the ghost, declares that ''he will make a ghost of" the man who hinders him ; and shortly after he chaffs the ghost himself, call him an " old mole," and even a " true penny," which is still more disrespectful. So in the other plays. The " chaff," for ins'ance, between Richard thc Third, aud Lady Anne, or, indeed, between, that potentate and everybody he com s noar, is some- thing prodigious. In Aa You Like It," where the serious matteris not tragic enough to require such relief, w' at wonderful amount of this same pun ning and courteous retorting do we meet with. What a wondrous specimen is Rosalind .of. a " young lady of tho period." If we aré to regard her in that light, we shall find onrsolves irresisti-. bly impelled towards 'he confusion that the j chat between the swains and the damsels, of the Elizabethan time; entirely consisted; of repattee. What a "terrible s'ate of; things J Look, again, at Beatrice, in " Much: Ado About Nothing." There is almost more; courteous retorting and modest quipping with her than witV Rosalind herse'f. And what is the in terence from all this, if it be not as I have said, that the Fmall-Beer conversa'ion- of the Elizabe- than time consisted altogether of quips and re- torts ? A youth of the period enters tho long low room in which are assembled a group, consisting of his sisters and possibly a friend of theirs, on whom, perchance, the said youth ha'h cast the eye of affection. " " I come, my mistresses," says the youth," to carry you all to the Globe Theatre, to Bee a play of worshipful Master Ben Jonson's." "It were,not proper, for you to carry me," says tbe object of his aftection. '« You carry your head too high, mistress," quips in a sister. i " An I carry you not," retorts the youth, " you will carry too much mud into the play-house, for the streets are of the dirtiest.'' " If I carry mud you sholl "carry splaBheB, Sir Malapert, for you must needs walk behind me." j A nd so they go on making themselves agree- able in a snappish s'yle, whioh we of this age find | it difficult to relish, but whioh1 apparently suited t the trunk-house and ruff period very nciely. I Let us leave speculation and fancy, and come back to fact, as becomes one who calle himself j a Chronicler. I have been reminded that in my former conversation-chronicle nothing was said on the subject of ihe. professional talk ot this our day, j and nothing about the manner of conversation ob- taining among the lower grades of our community. ¡Now, with regard to our professional talk, there ie nothing moro remarkable, nothing moro evident, I nothing more praiseworthy, . nothing with which ,the Cnronic'er of Sma'l Beer sympathises moro keenly, than the aversion of professional men to ta1 k about their professions. As a rule, they look upon it as a thing dane in bad taste when injud ci eui amateurs or" others foroi thom to talk shop. There are many reasons for thi°. A man who labours hard at his calling all day has quite enough of it while actually a", work, and when he j ge's into society is glad to escape. Some men, ( again, are proud and morbidly sensitive to any weak points in their professions. The barrister is ashamed of some of the technical absurdities which characterise his calling. Bis reason winces as he puts on a horse-hair wig and a pair of bands, with no earthly reason discoverable why he should dd so. The author does not enjoy bavins; his workö talked of in the same breath with those of a young lady in her teens. Tho artist remembers that be was engaged that morning in pinning a piece of cotton velvet on a large doll, called a lay figu e, in order that ho might have a piece of drapery to copy, the ao'or remembers that he has just been trying on some tin armour and a set of Charles the Second cutis ; and the general medi- cal practitioner thinks of the amount of colouring matter he has ordered for mixtures in the course of h's life, and of aqua distillate--and ho, too,' quails when tho shop is brought forward. No doubt all this is morbid, and inexcusable, and un- practical ; still, such elements go for somotbing in keeping many men BÎlent ab out their professions : while in the case of some others, and more espe- cially in the case of the less honest professors of the three back arts, there is a strong conviction that it is as well to keep up an air of mystery, IcBt the public should get too intimate with them, and lose some of their respect through familiarity. . Al'ogether, then, when gushing ladies and gen- tlemen will talk tomen about their professions, they must run tho risk of being thought wanting in tact, and also of exposing their own ignorance, which is commonly on pro'essional matters pro- found in the extreme. I feel this myself so strongly that though I am tn'my own "socrët estimation a mighty pretty sportsman, arid a shrewd''judge Of horsifldslij' I would as soon think of engaging with à gamekeeper, or a horse-dealer, in half an hour's chat on Ihooting pr norsekceping, as I would of discussing modical jurisprudence with Professor Taylor. ? . " One more reason'! and a very.sound one, there is, why men should not .talk about ; their 'work; and that is the awful danger of evapora- tion. That wiso old man, Sir Joshua Reynolds, warns ibo àtudents in one of his Iee'urea against talking among each other "of thc pictures they art) going to paint, And ho ÍB right. WordB are 0 safety valve, but sometimes they lot offsteam that is wanted for praotical use. Most of tts hare ' - known mon who pnirif their' pictures¡ « nod writo 1 thoir books mnl invont their mechanical o ntri vanccs, ay, and do thei virtnous nets too in words, and 1: think we must gone ally h»vo remarked that they ara nono bf them the most: able of performers in their respective lines. That thoro is such a thing as professional talk, however, it is not for your Small-Beor Chronicler to deny. When men of the same calling got to- gether, they will sometimes talk professionally, Booking counsel and support from one another natura'ly enough, fdr many are the points on which most of UR have misgivings, and many aro the party-walls in our moral natures which require to be occasionally shored np. This is one kind of professional talk. Another is that which takes place between a professional and his client, when they mest on business, Of course this sort of con- versation is confined to certain professions. When a military or naval hero, for instance, is engaged in "'business," it is not talking that goes on, but something muoh mora serious. The principal professions of which talking is an integral element, are law, medicine, dentistry, and portrait-pain" ihg. Tho professors of a'l these callings have thoir par- ticular ways of lightening their labours with con versa-ion. The lawyer's style I should be disposed to call the cheerfully-plural style. This obtains ooca siona'ly, also, in medicine, but it is in its highest perfection among solicitors, lt is very condescend- ing and impressive. " Now, ma'am," says a smiling gentleman, un- folding 6om9 enormous shoots of parchment, with mysterious wafers dotted over the surface, «» We must not be alarmed. These are mere matters of form, ma'am. We lawyers are all sad; rogues, ma'am, and we make things look ns for midab'e as we cm-bnt we must not be alarmed ma'am-we .must not be alarmed. Now, ma'am, you see we just put our little finger-no, not our left lit le finger, but our right little finger-that's it- that's it-upon this wafer-no ma'am, not that wafer, this one. We are a little flurried, a little flurried-natural enongh-and we say, merely formal, ma'am-* I deliver this as my act and deed'.-you do'iver, ham, ha, as your act and deed. Why that's as it should be. .Nothing very alarm- ing in it-no, no, only we 'nwyers, you know, ma'am, we make it all very imposing, you know, to. serve our own purposes. So now you see, ma'am, we are q lite ourselves agaio, and we've signed oar little document, enabling our cousin, Michael O'Flannegan, ha, hum, to have and re- ceive, ha hum, our little property with, hum, ha, a view to the investing of the same in-Irish Flax Company-and so on-that will do, ma'am. Un- commonly nico part of tho oountry this-ah 1 its little we poor smokedried lawyers see of nature Mr. Tapely, have the goodness to tie up these deedB." This cheerefully-plural, or plurally cheerful, style has long been in vogue in legal circles. It used formerly also to bea good deal affected by old apothecaries of the shirt-frill and silk-stock- ing school, and was found to be,very comforting and sednctive : the medical man seeming to take up your shattered constitution, and identify it with Hs own flourishing constitution, just'ts the solici- tor took up your affairs and made them his own affairs, thereby giving you on ineffable, but utteily unfounded sense of security, which conld be com- municated in no ohcr way. The cheerfully-plural style is, I am sorry to say, fast disappearing from mode- n society. Is there any happy, any doubly-blessed, indi- vidual living in the world who is unacquainted with the manners and customs of the dental fraternity ? What other thing is eo terrible as the light conversation which gentlemen of that profession have recourse to while preparing to operate. How awfully cheerful they are. How does Mr. Scrunohem receive you when yon'enter with a face like an inflated bagpipe ? " Good morning, Mr. Chopfall, I've not had the pleasuro of seeing you for a very long time. I hope you are very well-a little troubled with a tooth, eh ? I see your faoe is a good deal swelled, yes,' yee. Come, sit down and lot's have a look-let's have H look-open a little wider if you please-ham' hum- yeB, there's a sad offender here, Mr. Cbopfall. Dear, dear, dear, dear,-yes, yea-I think we ought to get rid of this tiresome fellow for you, ch ? You'd rather not-well just ns you lille, bu', if I were you, I would certainly be rid, of him in no time.-Does it hurt you when I press? Ah, no doubt, no doub\ Come Mr. Chop tall, toke my advice now-courage, sir,' courage ; it's only the affair of a moment. You will ? Why that's right-hat's right." (Mr. Scrunch em ret'res to a neat marblo table, and pulls out several exceedingly shallow drawers you watch his proceedings with fevered interest dialogue resumed.) '* I see yon were engaged the other day, Mr. Chopfall, in that very remark- able case"--rattling sound of a metallic nature " of, of, Culpepper versus Pepperoni"-instru- ment selected from armoury-"ab, remarkable case, very remarkable case indeed"-instrument exchanged, with additional rat ling, for a more deadly one-" jes, gentlemen in your profession must seo a curious "-addi ional weapons seleoted with rattling, in oise of failure of those first chosen ; Mr. ffcrunchem returns from table, and looks you in the faco as if he were a harmless ac- quaintance- «. Now allow me to ask yon, Mr. Chopfall, were you entirely satisfied with the line taken by the Senior Counsel iri' that case ?"-Mr. Sorunchem receiving an incoherent reply, goes, round to back of chair-" I merely ask, you know -open-from a feeling-a little wider-'-" It is impossible to goon. The situation is too horrible. I wonder whether it is mistaken mercy to talk to a man under [tho circumstances about Peppercull versus Culpepper. Such con- versation apprarB to me to aggravate tho misery of the transaction. Yet the united wisdom of the whole profession seoma to have lcd ita members to the conclusion that it is right to engage their patients in such discourse. For my part, ¡ I think thoro ought tobo a'band of music_very loud music-in the operating-room, and that , at the moment of extraction there should be suoh a sudden crash of drums and trumpets-nay I wonld not object to a discharge of musketry-that you really should not know what1 had happened to yoti¿ so great would bo the general nervous shock of the moment. Tho only danger would be that the shock might really' unsettle the sufferer's reason, and ho might go ont into Saville row a gibbering maniac from that day forth. So, perhap?, it is better as it is. ' A Wost ail professional talk bolongs to ono of these great cl»asea-tho legal and the dental. Even tho porlrait-paiuter has not been able to Btrike out anything wholly distinct from, the lino adopted by the two professions just mentioned, fíe, like tho dentist, is a deceiver, though not genernlly suoh a 'gay deceiver ; for it m iy be taken, ns a rule, that all dentists are cheerful, arid that all dentists' eorvants aro dismal. The troth, which the ¡ mas'or disguises, the servant royoals. The portrait- pninter is a deceiver. Ho is ólwayB trying to take you in, about the length of time which hiB operations will ocoupy. He protonds to be in good spirits when I he feels that the nose in his portrait is out of draw ing. Ho protends also to take an interest in con« versa'iou whioh 1>e soarcely attends to, in order to "gottbe requisite twinklo in an old gentleman's eye; or to prevont a yoimg lady from yawning, till her nose is rod. When aman hos to converse with such objeots in view, it is n wonder if he can keep the talk going at nil, andi should think it not unlikely that a Blight incoherency was sometimes the result of the attempt made by artists to discourse u pon the American question or tho garotte movement, while he is wrestling, with that deadly enemy on the canvas before him. I believe this to bp ; the hardest professional talk of all, and-if cohérent the most creditable. , . Of all the Small-Beer whioh it has been my lot to chronicle, these last oozings of the conversation vats have been the most difficult to register, tho most frothy and uncontrollable, bursting out first in one place and then in another, to my confusion. Therefore, if this Cbroniole should appear to have something ol a disjointed oharaoter, I beg to say that it is no wiso my fault, but that it is entirely attribn'ablo to the peculiar nature of the liquor £ have had to register, Even now, when I thought I had finished and chronicled the last drop that had to be chronicled, I find thore ia still a pint or so bubbling up and insisting on being noticed, whether Hike it or not. Tho last" pint I have to chronicle is rather a low-class liquor, but it muet net bo neglected. , As to the converjo tion of bur lower orders, it Boems to me to be obit.fly of two kinds.' It consis'B of simple statements relating to beer, and in tho course of which tho expression "arf a pint" occurs incessantly, and of complex statements as to their own Pflairs generally, re- lating to injurios by them sustained, and by them resented, and which narratives are inter- spersed throughout with tho words " I s sys" to an extent which surpasses all human compre-, henBión. "I says-ho says-she sajs"-these three forms of expression compriso almost the en- tire conversational resources of the plebeian popu- lation of Britain. Consider thc talk of a couple of lodging-house servants, ns you rm y overhear it by snatches, in any low neighbourhood, on a Satur- day night: " So she comes down, into the kitching, arid she says, 'olding the broken glass in her 'and, sho says, . Who done thia V she says ; so Mar ha, sho soys, 'I'm sure I don't know,' she 'ays just like that, she Bays ; so thfnslio turns round upon me, quiot fierce, and ' Then yon dono it,' she sayï. ? I done it,' I soys, ' begging your pardon, mum,'I says, ' I novor done nothing,' I Bays,''of the sort,' I says, ' no, nor yet Marths,' 1 says, ' not'if it W8B my dying-day,'I says, « Very well,' abe says, ' I'll find out who done it yet/ she says, * and then if I don't stop it off her wages'-she says -'I'll know,the reason why,'sho says.'' .; . Or, follow a couple of workmen, and listen to their dialogue : "« No,'he says, 'wo do not,' he saya; 'you haves to furnish your own scaffolding,' ho says, ' and: you set it up for yourselves,' he says. ' And them's the ¡terms of the job? I says. 'Yes,' ho says, 'themis the terms of the job,' he says, ' and if you don't like it,' he says, '-you can leave it,'he says. 'And do you . think/ I Bays, ' that workmen such as me and my mates,' I says, just like that, Isaye, 'is a going to undertake a' job on such terms os them?' .George,' he sBys, ' whether ycu undertake it, he says, 'or leave it,* he says, 'it ross with your own choice about the matter,' he says. ' Very well,' I says; . then all 1'ave to say is that neither menor my mates,' Isayfc, ' will 'ave hany think to do with it,' I says,1 on terms ns is con- trary to the trade,' I Bays. For I know'd they was contacted to do the job by a givon time, and I know'd they cou'dn't get nobody to work different to what I said. Well, next evening I was 'avirig arl ojpint with Jem round at tho King's Head, when who should come in but this ere Hoakum himself. ' Oh,' says he, as soon ns ever he ketched sight of me, ' you're tho very man I want'd,' he says. . I've' soon the governor,' he says, * about that thore arrangement,'he says, \ aneV he's agreeable to make it all eight,' he sayB, ' if so be as you and your mates can begin tho job at wunst,' he says. . So wo'ad arf a pint to make it nil square, as you may say, and I says, . Mr. Hoakum,' Tsays, ' it is not unknown to you that a man must look arter his hown,' I says, * and thuffore I hope,' I says,' ns there ÍB no bi 1-will betweenst us,' I says. ' Georae,' ho says, ' you 'ave the right to make thc best bargain you can,' he says, 'and so here's wishing of you luck.' " I hope that tho conversation-tap is now ex- hausted to the very dregs, and that we may get. away to the chronicling of other matters which a',1 this time hnvo boen necessarily neglected. Tries NEWCASTLE GIUNEB.-Nothing bnt disaster has attended tbe introduction of those orsnes ss loading facilities at oar port, ' Always, a constint eourae of wra-Rllng and dispute, those oranes, through tte law courts and tbe proBB, bavo kept na in a state of unenvi- able and perpetual notoriety. Tao contractors for those now in dispute with tho Wallsend Oompiny and tbe - Minister for Works, were mined by their, contract, and .the failure' ortho, boUBoond of the cranes was a'conse quenee. TWIJO In their short ezistenae bavo the cranes tn qneption been subjeot of lawsuits io wbiob'tbe Minister bas been o party in oaoh instance,' and with, whatever sucorsa on hia part in a legal point of view, wi b nsoBt prejudicial cffiiot to UB in a oommercial Boneo. On tbe failure of these, tbe Engineer ic-Ohlef tried bis, band , ot Worane designing, and " whither from deaign or otherwise, nothing could have been more unfortunate. Always in a obronlo stato of breakdown, parties grew afraid to plaoa a vessel underneath it after, the ease of tbe Viotory, wbiob wes no viotory at til as f r as the credit of the pori waaoonoerned, but o 'al dla. eouragoment end rpproaoh' toonr meohonloal capabilities After . many eonbbinga, tbo Wallsend Company shortenedthtir "jib" a little, and found, (biato answer the|r o*n purposes well enough1, by "boxingj"-up alt ,,the real of tho shippers and defeating the general purpose. At length they obtained a competent resident engineer who understood ' his ' busi- ness, and who suoeooded in putting and..,keep- ing tho oranes in admirable working order for them; no break-down having sinos occurred. Hy this judicious move tho trade bis been kept oxolusively supplied, and has amply :repaid the company .the aoBf, ss well BB having secured them a virtual monopoly. The imported cranes, wbioh bave lain on our wharf encum- bering it for tbe laBt fix months, will oooaelon a largo .nd nnneoesBary outlay fer want bf a littlo foreoaat and, foretbougbt on tbe part of those wno manage exceedingly well, to mismanage tbcBo affaire The other crane im. ported ' in' tho Everton gol wrecked at Moretón Bay, and if there is anything , ominous* in ' there occurrenoeB it will go harj with our;"lrade to preserve it from anffartog a aimilar fate. Wo are not doing nearly the trade: in ooal we ought to be doing, while vessels of largo tonnage are continually leavlop Sydney in ballast-roared frcm coming near a port ren- dered so remarkably notorious by blundering and fortu- itous ?dminlstrationv Tba Bellambi ooal' owners, labouring under all thoso Batdral disadvantages wbioh are known to exist at their pert, nevertheless steal a marah on us, and in spi'e of thosa disadvantages, sbtp ooals-" In,abundance to tho foreign marketB around us, and deserve all they obta'n as tho reward of that tsot and energy wbioh they display, and for tbo w<nt ,of, whioh, wo suffer,, and tho trade of the port languishes. It is anticipated, after all. tbat tba Government will purobaeo the Wollsond eisner;11 Tbey should have done tbis at first, and at ono», and have saved UB and them the 'dlsgraoe that baa ensued. AU that Individual enterprise nan aohieve will not oompen aite for that want of oolleotive (kill and wisdom, essen- tial to the management of great national oonoerns, and tho ooal trade of tba oolony, in conjunction with our nirbonrs, is a truly notional and not a looal interest, whatever incidents of » looal character may attaeb to them.-NewattU Telegraph, May 3, 