_SAUT ISSTTB._ THURSDAY, 20TH AUGUST, 1863. THE VERY LATEST SENSATION. WE fondly imagined a short time ago that we had witnessed all the scenes that could be enacted in the parliamentary circle. The startling novelties introduced by the late Ministry seemed to hare fairly exhausted the repertoire, and we deemed nothing was left but the stock incidents with which the dul Xiees of the parliamentary season is ordinarily enlivened. But the legitimate has not yet displaced the sensational drama. Even as Professor Pepper's ghost has opened up an immens? field of novelty for the stage, so has Mr Minehan'? discovery of the parliamen tary hobgoblin reyealed new wonders and fresh sensations for the House and public. And there is a wonderful similarity between the two discoveries in sensational effects which have been made publie in Victoria about the same time. The theatrical ghost is remarkable for its likeness to real life, so is the parliamentary one. The theatrical ghost is the reflected image of an actual existence highly illuminated, while the parliamentary hobgoblin is generally supposed to reflect that which existe, though Some further illu mination is required« Oo tba »Uge $9 , haunted being struggles, vociferates, fights, and shrieks out, but the-implacable ghost remains, the avenging image of his own evil deeds. In Parliament there is no less fighting, struggling, and vocifera tion, hat the dread shadow cannot be laid, and is recognised by an easy but not simple public, as the image of the evil deeds done in other days. Thus the stage and Parliament of Victoria draw to wards each other, and sensations of a lively character may be obtained from both, capable no doubt of new developments and still further liveliness. The sensational effects of the O'shanassy management were of a coarse and vulgar character. They were mainly I based upon the principle of causing sur prises, hy denying things clearly unde-. niable, and converting fact into fiction and I fiction into fact. But the new sensation in troduced by Mr M'Lellan passes all these vulgar attempts in splendor and success. There does appear after all to be some reality in the effect produced by Mr M'Lellan, and though the reflection may give the actual image exaggerated proportions, we at least have the satisfaction of knowing that there is a reality somewhere, even though we cannot find it out. The sensational scene of Tuesday last is the greatest hit of the season, but we believe that other scenes will yet be produced which will bring out the new hobgjblin in brighter colors and with greater semblance of reality. Leaving, however, the sensational aspect of the question, which will be more regarded by home than colonial readers, we think that it is desirable that attention should be drawn to the result of the discussion on the charge brought by Mr Sinclair against Mr Wilson. Our contemporary the Argus, which is much more famous for coming rapidly to conclu sions than maintaining the conclusions it comes to, declares that " the one briber named has answered the charge," and implies that because Mr Wilson has denied he has dis proved. It is undoubtedly highly unbecom ing for any journal to give an opinion on the merits of a case involving the personal honor of a member of Parliament, when the evi dence is not complete and the House has appointed a committee to investigate the whole question. Moreover, we have yet to learn that denial is disproof, and can remem ber other denials ' not less emphatic which, however, turned out to be untrue. The merits of the case, however, have to be de cided by the committee, which will have ample means of weighing the whole evidence obtainable, and needs no further discussion at present, except such as is required to guard the public against the unwarrantable infer ences drawn by those who have an interest io stopping further enquiry into the alleged parliamentary corruption. In any view ol the case there are ample reasons to regret the low state of parliamentary morality. Whether Mr Sinclair sought to obtain s bribe, or Mr Wilson sought to bribe him, the public has equal reason to urge a strict in vestigation. One offence is as great as thc other, and it appears to us that one mus! have been committed. The public does not care in the least for either side beyond thc extent to which a question of parliamentary morality is involved, but it does care to find out at whose door the guilt lies, and to mete out such punishment as the gravity of th( offence deserves. Supposing for the moment that Mr M'Lellan's charges against the un known six should simply turn out to be nc more than that the six sought for bribes anc obtained them not, have we any great conso< lation here ? To those who can view nt question except as a party one there will doubtless be wonderful comfort in the dis covery that the bribes were not given, bul how will this elevate our sense of publii morality ? No one who reads the discussioi in tko LogúiatUro Accomlilv on Tuesday las1 can fail to be impressed with the fact that s gross wrong has been done, on whichevei side it may be. We find no comfort in con demning Mr Sinclair instead of Mr Wilson We are concerned for our parliamentary reputation, and this is damaged, whoever maj be the guilty person. There is no escap« from this. Whether bribes were offered oj bribes asked can make but little difference, anc thoss who are so ready to condemn Mi , Sinclair will do well to remember tha nothing is gained to the public by eithei 1 view of the question. Moreover, it is con trary to all experience and to all commor sense to suppose that a number of personi would be seeking for bribes unless they hac good reason to suppose that they wouk obtain them ; and thus a belief in one sidi of the question necessarily involves a belie in the other. Much stress has been laid upon the facti j that Mr Sinclair did not get the contract ti I build Mr Wilson's brother's house and that th) house is not even yet commenced; but the leas consideration will prove that these facts di not affect the case. Mr Sinclair believes tha ' he did not get the contract because he refused in writing, to pledge himself to vote for thi lengthened tenure to the squatters ; and thi is reason enough, in all conscience. The fae of che house not having been yet commencée renders the whole case still more extraordi nary. It is not usual to call for tenders fo building a house that is not to be built; ant we may reasonably ask why this extraordi nary course has been pursued. We hav Mr Wilson's own statement that he said th building of the house depended on th squatters getting the nine or ten yean tenure; and though this has been got, th house is not built. We express at present n opinion on the strange fact, further tha i that it certainly militates against Mr Wilso j more than against Mr Sinclair. The bane of all our parliamentar discussions on personal charges is the ha earnestness with which they are cai ried on. In this present case thei appears to be no possible way of burkin i the enquiry or making things pleasant. 1 Mr Wilson is not guilty Mr Sinclair is. Ti ' punishment that the proved guilty merit the false accuser should be liable to, and i this case there can be no plea of ignorant Mr Sinclair has made a solemn accusatioi and Mr Wilson has given it an unqualifie denial, one must therefore be stating what i not trae. The House has hitherto proceedc on the principle of letting these things aloi as much as possible, and would escape tl present investigation if it could, but if tutu; scenes of a like kind are to be avoid« there must new be no hesitation and i delicacy. We agree with Mr Sullivan, th " it is time that the aspersed character of tl House should be vindicated," merely addii that the character of the House is as mm concerned in the accusation that certa members sought for bribes and got them nc as in the charge that certain other membe offered bribes which were refused or accepte and that, in ordinary cases, the fact of perso: seeking for bribes is tolerably good eviden that bribes are obtainable. THE WEATHER AT MAHYBOBOUQU.-It is much be feared there will be another extensive flood this district. The rain came down heavily on Mo day night, and fell throughout yesterday in thoroughly unrelenting manner. The mail coa from St. Arnaud had to return, ia conséquence the rise of the Avoca river. Traffic was, of COOT put an end to for vehicles between Mary boron and Majorca, and a large amount of business at t Carisbrook Police Court bad to be left undone I cause, BJ we bear, Mr Crespigny, P.M.,could not j over the creek from Majorca. We expect to hear atore damages to bridges and other creek and rivi side property. The reservoir here is nearly lull, a the water will shortly run jute* thc by-wash cc struct^ ipr U« Mfety.-M, mi fi. Adt«rtif*r, li 