MUNICIPAL COUNCIL, The usual meeting of the Municipal Council took place on Thursday evening, at eight o'clock, in the Town Clerk's office, in William street. Present, His Worship the Mayor, and Alder men Grant, Feez, McKelligatt, Palmer, and Rutherford. The minutes of the last meeting having been read and confirmed - The Town Clerk brought under the notice of the Council the Town assessment, which re quired reading. Alderman McKelligatt had declined to undertake the work. It would therefore be necessary for some other member of the Council to see to it. It had taken him nearly three weeks to prepare it. His Worship enquired of Alderman Grant whether he would give his assistance instead, and suggested that he should report how the matter stood ; and also that Alderman Feez should assist him in the work. Alderman Grant expressed his willingness to do so. Alderman Feez said be should be happy to render his assistance, but that he would be un able to do so as he intended proceeding to Bris bane by the next steamer. His Worship said he also intended going down by the next steamer. Alderman Grant: All the town seems going down - at least the Municipal Council seem His Worhsip thought it was no use in ap pointing anyone who like Alderman McKelligett would either decline, or was unable to act ; and he was opposed to the Council having to pay for the service performed. As it was a work that as he was informed-could be done in four hours, he would suggest their devoting some of their spare time to it now, and again at the next meeting. By this means it would soon be got through. Alderman Feez did not think devoting four ; hours only to it was the proper mode of dealing with the matter. The assessment of the town should not be properly adjusted in such a limited time. Each section should be taken separately. Alderman Grant : A classification of each name on the list would save much time and trouble. The Town Clerk had stated that all could appeal but non-residents. His Worship: And those - that is, all absentees - I would assess at as high a rate as possible. CORRESPONDENCE. The following letters were then opened and read. 1\. From Mr Nobbs, landlord of the Criterion Hotel, regarding permission to lay a pipe for a drain from his premises across Quay-street. His Worship thought that permission in this case had already been granted. It should be done in a similar manner to the drain for Mr. Skardon's premises. A six inch pipe would therefore be necessary. Alderman Grant thought such a pipe much too small for the purpose. It would require at least a twelve inch pipe, otherwise it would be a useless job. 2\. From Mr. James, as leasee of the wharf, complaining that several of the principle mer chants and others, had refused to pay his charges for wharfage of their goods, and stating his inability legally to enforce payment of the amounts thus due, and desiring the Council to allow the same from the sum paid by him for the lease of the wharf. His letter contained a list of those who had refused payment-among whom were the names of Messrs. Feez (£33), Hutchinson, Hunter, and Co. (£33), Haynes, Brown, and Co. (£45), the Police Magistrate and Collector of Customs (£7), Headrick, Livermore, and Co. (£2 3s. 4d.), W. H. Clarke (16s.), the Engineer of Roads, &c..; His Worship said, the matter could not be discussed then as there was not time. It would be necessary to get counsel's opinion respecting the legality of the wharfage dues ; if it were against them they would have to lose the money and some other steps would have to be taken. He thought it-to say the least-a display of excessive bad taste for the townspeople thus to fight against what was their own interest, and the right of the Corporation. The wharf was a great benefit to them, and was erected for their benefit and convenience, and yet they opposed contributing their share of the expense of its maintenance in good condition. Alderman Feez said, that for his part it was the first he had heard of his being considered a defaulter in this respect. He considered that he had paid somewhere about £50 too much already to the wharf. It was not his fault if they wouldn't apply for their money. One thing, however, was quite clear-that the wharf regulations wanted revising. He decidedly objected to some of the charges which he con- sidered most exorbitant. His Worship said, they had no power to revise or alter the wharfage fees until tie expi- ration of the present lease. He was certain, however, that the rates were not anything like as high as they were in Sydney. For instance flour there was charged at a much higher rate than here. If parties absolutely refused to pay these rates, and persisted in such refusal all they had to do would be at once to prepare a case for council's opinion, and bring the matter to an issue. The Town Clerk had better be in- structed to place himself in communication with Mr. James, or his agent, and see that a further application be made for payment of the out standing fees. For, as in the case of Alderman Feez where no proper application had been made, it might be that parties were unaware that such amounts were owing by them. It was clearly the duty of the Council to support the wharfinger in such cases, and they would do s0. Alderman Grant expressed a similar opinion. After some further remarks on the subject from Alderman Feez, His Worship said he would not consent to any allowance being made to the wharfinger for the unpaid fees. The lessee should pay his rent as it fell due, and lay any claim he might have before the Council at a subsequent period, when it would be their duty to try and recover the outstanding amounts. Alderman Feez again somewhat warmly repudiated the fact of his being considered in the light of a defaulter, and denied that any demand for payment of the money had been made. He remembered having once a con versation with the wharfinger on the subject, when the latter complained about some parties not paying the wharfage, and he said his claims would have to be enforced. Alderman Grant said the Council was unanimously of opinion that Mr. Martin was justly entitled to the wharfage fees. Alderman McKelligatt enquired how long the lease had to run. The Mayior: - I believe it extends until next October. The following tenders were then opened. STUMPING STANLEY STREET Denis Callaghan, 4s. 6d. per stump; Joseph Pye, 3s. 6d. per stump. Alderman McKelligett said he was not aware that any resolution had been passed for stumping this street. He was under the impression that the resolution was for forming Derby-street. The Mayor moved that fresh tenders be called for, the sums charged being in his opinion much too high. Alderman Feez was of the same opinion. FITZROY STREET For metalling this street there were three tenders, vis O'Rourke, Prendergast, and Smith. His Worship moved that Prendergast's tender to metal the street twenty feet in width for £13 10s. per chain, being considerably the lower, be accepted, The other tenders would involve more than double the expense. Alderman Grant was of opinion that only twenty feet wide would be found to be far too narrow to accommodate the traffic. His Worship said the roadway would only be required for the purpose of bringing the stone from the quarry into town. There was no general traffic in that street. The Town Surveyor informed the Council that eighty-six chains of the road would have to be metalled. Prendergast had tendered to metal the road twenty-five feet wide for £18 15s. per chain. The expense to the Corporation if his tender were accepted would therefore be £1613 10s., in addition to which there would be a further sum of £1000 for the stone used on the work which the Corporation had agreed to find. If it were decided to make it 25 feet wide, the expense would be about £3000. Alderman Feez thought they were hardly justified in spending so much money upon the work. His Worship said that in his opinion the street should be made thirty feet wider from Bol sover street far as the wharf. Alderman Grant was also in favour of this. He would, however, like to know what difference it would make in the expense of the job. The Town Clerk said it would make a difference of twenty-five chains in the labour. Prendergast had agreed to form the street at £12 per chain. According to His Worship's motion it would have to be formed and metalled from Canning- street to Talford-street thirty feet wide. This would be sixteen chains at £23 10s. a chain, or in round numbers it would cost about £400 extra. Alderman Grant seconded the motion which was carried. NEW WHARF Two tenders were received for this work : £ s. d. John Boyd . 394 0 0 W. E. Smith.384 18 O Upon the motion of Alderman McKelligatt seconded by Alderman Grant, Mr. Smith's tender was accepted. MOORING POSTS AT THE WHARVES For this work four tenders were received, viz. - W. E. Smith, £6 5s. per post. John Boyd, £6 per post. Richards, £10 " Grandison, £10 5s. per post. The Town Surveyor informed the Council that about ten posts were required. He estimated their cost at £5 each. Upon the motion of Alderman Feez seconded by Alderman Rutherford, Boyd's tender was accepted. LITTLE QUAY STREET For the formation, metalling, &c;, of this street tenders were opened. From S. McCormick, for £930. From B. F. Collins-for £23 per chain. (There are twenty chains to be done- making the tender £460.) From W. E. Smith, for £670. From O'Rourke, for £76». His Worship said he was opposed to the Council receiving any more tenders from McCormack, he having declined to carry out his previous contract when his tender had been accepted. Alderman McKelligett thought the Council should not be too hard upon the man. All men in these matters were liable to make mistakes, and McCormack had been led into making a mistake, which be found out, luckily for him- self, before he commenced the work he agreed to perform. Alderman Grant moved that Collins' tender be accepted. Alderman Feez wished to know what steps had been, or were to be taken by the Corpora- tion as to the removal of the buildings in this lane. The TOWN Surveyor said he had heard that it was intended to contest the right of the Cor- poration to remove these buildings, so that he should like to have the point determined whe- ther he was the right person to serve the notices. The MAYOR : There is no question of right in the matter. It is a simple police case, that could be settled in ten minutes. Alderman Feez: You remember Mrs. Par ker's case. She had to remove her house. Alderman Grant: One thing seems clear enough to me : the width of the street is clearly stated in the Government Survey, and we are entitled to the full width given. The Mayor: It is, no doubt, an unpleasant matter, and expensive ; but people should not build before they had dearly ascertained whether they had a right to the ground they built on. Alderman Grant: We must take all the houses down that encroach on the line of the street. The Mayor: The contractor must distinctly understand that the full width of the street must be metalled, and these parties will have to take down their houses at their own expense. Alderman Grant : We had better instruct Mr. Burstall to gire them all a written notice. The Mayor: We had better give them seven day's notice. Alderman McKelligatt thought this far too short a notice. The Town Surveyor said, that in the case of Messrs. Haynes, Brown and Co., and Messrs. Hutchinson, Hunter and Co, whose stores were within the line of the street : the road would not probably be required just then by the Con- tractor for another month, and seven days would not suffice to make the necessary alterations. He would suggest a month's notice be given to these parties. Messrs. Haynes, Brown and Co.'s store was either nineteen inches or one foot nine inches on the lane. The Mayor : Well then, suppose we give all those who reside on the upper part of the lane seven days notice and those of the lower portion fourteen days. Alderman Grant thought this would be very invidious. All parties should receive a similar notice. The MAYOR explained that by so doing they would only delay the work. Alderman Grant: If they don't take action within the seven days we must pull down the houses. The Mayor: We are bound to support the contractor, and he cannot commence his work until he knows the exact width of the road, and have that width ready for lane. Why the Cor poration cannot even trespass on the footpaths as these parties are doing. There is the case of the Pyrmont Bridge Company, in Sydney, where that point was clearly settled. After some further discussion on the subject Alderman Palmer (who had shortly before entered the Council Chamber) seconded Alder- man Grant's motion, which was carried, and the Town Clerk was instructed to give notice to those parties in the lane whose dwellings encroached on the road to remove the same at once. THE LOWER DAWSON ROAD Alderman Feez presented a petition with 350 signatures attached, urging upon the Council the necessity of improving the Lower Dawson Main Road. The former petition on the sub ject had been rejected on account of its not being respectfully worded. With this case at all events that fault could not be found. It was very temperately worded, and merely prayed that a further sum of £35ft, in addition to the £350 already voted, or is all the sum of £1000, should be laid out upon the road. The Mayor informed Alderman Feez that it was only necessary for him at the present stage to move a resolution that the petition be re ceived. Alderman Rutherford having seconded this resolution, Alderman Feez gave notice of his intention to move at the next meeting that the required sum be granted for the purpose men tioned in the petition. UPPER DAWSON ROAD A tender was then opened, received from Messrs. MacDonald and Dewar, for making stone culverts for the Upper Dawson Road. In answer to a question from an Alderman, the Town Surveyor said, that the extra ex pense of having the culverts made of stone instead of wood was £100. The Mayor moved that this extra expense be incurred, seeing that it was so very trifling in comparison with the great advantage that would be derived from the alteration. Alderman Grant could not see where this immense advantage would be, if half the culvert was to be made of stone and half wood. It should, in his opinion, be either wholly of the one or the other, not half of each. It wasn't the action of the water that caused the decay of the wood s0 much as the constant moisture and damp. After some further discussion between His Worship and Alderman Grant, when it was ascertained that the total cost of the culverts, as proposed to be erected, according to the new plan, would be £1069, original estimate, for wooden culverts, bring £959, the expense of each culvert being about £14, His Worship's motion was carried. THE QUEEN'S WHARF The Town Surveyor brought up a report on the state of the Queen's Wharf. He stated that having examined it, he found the piles to be all sound, with the exception of the longi- tudinal ties, which were partially destroyed by the cobra. The diagonal stays were perfectly sound. He had cut a piece of one of the ties as a specimen of the ravages of the cobra, and now produced it for the inspection of the Council. The shore piles would shortly have to be renewed. The new ones should, in his opinion, have copper sheathing. Alderman McKelligatt thought the Mayor could give the necessary instructions to repair the wharf without any formal motion on the subject, especially as it appeared to be a matter of only some £30. Alderman Grant pronounced the specimen of the ties, taken from the wharf, now produced, to be a piece of a swamp sapling, and not blood- wood, as supposed by some to be. THE CORPORATE SALE YARDS. The Mayor then gave notice of motion that the Corporation Sale Yards be erected on the ground (five acres) set apart for that purpose by the Government. COLLECTING THE RATES. The Mayor also gave notice of motion that the Town Clerk should have the sum of £50 per annum given him in addition to his present salary as a remuneration for collecting all the municipal rates and taxes, and for serving the Corporation notices, and carrying out their warrants. ASSESSMENT OF THE TOWN The Mayor said he now wished to call upon those parties who had undertaken the assess ment of the town, to bring up their report, (Laughter.) Well, he thought it was high time the report should be prepared. They had been about it quite long enough. MAP OF ROCKHAMPTON The Town Clerk produced a map of the town recently prepared by Messrs- Laing and Den Taaffe. After it had been inspected by the Council, Alderman Palmer thought it might be as well if the Corporation presented one like it to each of the Aldermen. (A laugh.) Alderman Rutherford: And one also to each ratepayer then. (A laugh.) Alderman Feez: One should be purchased for the office. Alderman Grant: Yes, but not such a one as this. It's much too small for that purpose. We want one four or five times as large. Mr. Burstall is preparing one, I believe. Mr. Burstall: There isn't the ghost of a chance of me preparing one for some time to come. I have got my hands much too full al- ready to think even of such a thing. COMMITTEES OF WORKSAND FINANCE The Mayor then gave notice of his intention to move that a Committee of Works and of Finance be appointed. It would be a saving to the Council of much time now wasted in fruit less discussion. At this stage of the proceedings some sensation was created by a statement made to the Council by a man named Donoghue, who had been present during the previous delibera - tion on the tenders that had been opened, to the effect that his tender for stumping Stanley Street had never been read or taken into consideration at all. This, he maintained, was very unfair and unjust, he had been put to a great deal of trouble in running half over the town to find sureties, as was required, and now, after he had given in his tender in time, it was not even looked at. The Mayor inquired to whom he had given the tender, or where he had put it. The man replied that he had given it that morning, at about ten o'clock, into the Town Clerk's hands there, in the office. The Town Clerk firmly denied this, and affirmed that he had never seen the man in his life before. Douoghue maintained the truth of his state- ment notwithstanding, and a search was at once instituted everywhere about the office, for the missing tender, but it could not be found any- where. Another man here came forward, and made a similar complaint. His tender, he declared, he had put into the letter box of the Town Clerk's Office, that afternoon, at about four o'clock. A fresh search was made, but unsuccessfully, for the missing tenders. The men thereupon complained loudly of such treatment, and the trouble and incon venience they would suffer in consequence. The Mayor suggested the possibility of the tenders having been surreptiously stolen by some party interested, and men tioned that on one or two occasions when he had been to the office, he had found it open and quite deserted. This should not be allowed. Alderman Grant said the letter box appeared to him to be open to anybody. It should be kept locked, The matter then dropped. FINANCE The following payments, on account of work done, were then ordered to be made : : W. E. Smith, on account of new wharf, £20. E. T. Collins, for road leading to river, and punt approaches, £15. J. Boyd, on account of ferry steps, £15. Prendergast, on account of forming, curbing and channelling William-street, £115. Alexander Boag, for quarrying stone, £30. Messrs. Collins and Donoghue, for punt approaches, £50. Messrs. Mac Donald and Dewar, £80 Messrs. Overend and Roberts, for approaches to Queen's Wharf, £76. A Boag, balance due for Custom House wharf, £179 10s. Wages (five men) £35 18s 10d. The Council rose at a quarter before eleven o'clock p.m. 