—■ — — : i LATER FROM AMERICA. VIA SYDNEY. By tbo Uruguay, from Cnlifornin, intelli gence from tbo neat of war in America has oeen deceived to tlio 19th September. Til a papors contain littlo intelligence in Edition to that already to band by tbo Kfed Sea telegram, Fort Sumter was still held by. tbo Con federates, who, according to last advices, woro busy repairing it. An attack on. tbo Federals forces under General Burnsido, was made by the Con federates on the 19th Septoinbor. Their object was to turn Burnside's ilauk, and thus get between Cumberland and Chat tanooga. Tbo. attempt, however, was un successful, after a battle Which lasted for six hpurs. It was renorted that Richmond wna Win* evacuated. -Age. English and Aiub Houses. — Your rating renders may. be Interested in hearing , 'that' the much-vexed point as to the merits of English and Arab horses has just again been tried in Cairo. . AH .Pasha, who has the finest stud of Arabs in Egypt, maintained that ho English horse.could run against an Arab for four miles. His Highness Halim Pasha offered to run Companion, a well-knoirn racer here, against him-for any sum he liked. The match was run from the first station on J® desert to Oftiro*, The English liorso which , was bred, I believe by lord TJib blesdale, won in a canter, by more than half a mile. Such a crushing defeat has taken all courage out of the partisans of the Arab horsfes. What astonished the natives most was that Companion, beating his adversary by so great a distance, was perfectly fresh, and quite ready to turn round and run the distance over again, while the Arab was quite exhausted and blown.—The Timcs. Chinese Industry.—I saw a man who had a plot of ground, in which he was going to plant out some cabbages. He knew there were beetles and other insects in the ground which would eat them, so when it was all ready, he puts bits of cabbage leaf, about two feet apart, all over the plot, placing a stone on each to keep it from being blown away. He left them for a time, and then visited them at intervals, finding insects at work on them each time. These he killed, romoving care fully the remains for fear of their scaring away the brethern. At last, when he could catch no more, ha planted out his. cabbages. All this I saw with my own eyes, and the good man. seemed to. think there was nothing unusual In it, but that it was the most natural way in the world of securing the safaty of his vegetables at the,cost of a few leaves.—Colonel Filter's Three Years' Service in China. Singular Phenomenon.—The Louisville Journal records a.singular phenomenon. It says that tho Ohio river at that point has been for "some days dyed of tliu deepest green, and that tho surface of the wa'er was overspread with a thin scum of the same color. It o-oe? on to say fihat the river " has been in "his remarkable condition for several day.", and we can find no one who is at " 'all capable of giving a singly, reason for It. The rnaiter perplexes the oldest steamboatmen, who declare that they never beheld anything like it before. The scum" is on the water as far up the river as Cincinnati, we understand, and perhaps above there, for we haWuo intelli gence^ qri the subject above that point. Tho same is tfi.e case down the river for hundreds -of miles. Such a thing is certainly a verv mysteiiousjphenomenon here, and we do not know how to account for it. Great fears are entertained that it will produce sickness in this neighborhood and along the river." The Journal calls for an explanation of the phenomenon, which is no doubt due to an unusual increase of some of ihe lower orders pf vegetable growth, not in itself dangerous, though it may indicate a stagnant condition of the river, which would be likely to occasion sickness. A Giiost Club,-—-Among the oddities ot the. day is the establishment of a ghost clufc —not, as might bo supposed, a club for the assemblage ol genial spirits, but an institution for the organised research into the possibility of a traveller returning from those bournes to .iVbicli wo all look forward with interest. The club is in downright earnest, as may be gathered from the fact that tho committees advertise for a "haunted house," one whose reputation is well authenticated. Doutless, the answers will be numerous; and if, after minute research, the committee of the Ghost Club succeed in re-ostablishing the respect ability of the hitherto supposed haunted mansions, by proving the charge unfounded, their labors will bo highly, useful, as tho number of so called haunted houses that are closed and gone to decay in and about town, under this moirldeiing and blighting repu tation, is ridicuiously large. Wo know of half a dozen such. The reader, wishing a pleasant drive out of the suburbs, may choosiSFinchley road, and just before the corner of the road, made celebrated by the halt of the Woman in White—namely, that diverging to Frognal and West Hampsted—he will see a stately ruin imbedded in trees, quite in tho ghostly :stylo. This place we believe bears the reputation of being the habitation of a ghost, and is, doutless, at the service of the club, though the old keeper, who receives the gratuity of the credulous inspector, pooh poohs the idea, and if not the profit it raises. It has, however, its bit of real romance, well vouched for by this cicerone, namely, the walling in of a wife for two years, without her seemgaray of light from heaven, or the aspect c-f her fellow-beings. This is the story the person tells, and gives very minute particulars of many other matters highly interesting to the gobemoucke, with 'he name ot th6 Blue | beard, which is one not pew to fortune and to famo.—Court Journal. The following laconic epitaph, car.vod on a Spanish tomb-stone, should bo remembered :— "I was well—tried to feel better—topk phy sic, and here I an>." The cheapest excursion you can make is into the realms of fancy. JVo return ticket is required ■ „ • A young spark, in Schenectady, suffering from a too strong sensation c( tho more tender feelings, defines his complaint as an attack of /aw-itude. A Partizan paper says " it is a mistake that the (opposite) party plays upon a harp of a thousand strings. The organ of that party is a lyre." " Solomon, I fear you aro forgetting me," said a bright-eyed girl to' her lover the other day. " Yes, Sue," said slow Sol, excusing himself, "I have been for getting you these ! two years." Lord Chesterfield said that tie cultivation of music was a low occupation for a gentleman. " If you want to amuse yourself with music," said this pink ol politeness, " hire a fiddler to play for you, but never fiddle yourself." " Dick how is it tbnt you are always pos sessed of such a store of fun ?—where do you get it. I manufacture it. I can make it out of nothing: for instance, I could make fun of you, but for friendship's sake." 1 livo in Julia's eyes," snid an affected dandy in Colman's hearing. "1 don't wonder, at it," replied George, "since I observed she had a stye in thorn whon I saw her last." Mixed Government.—" I guess," said Jonathan Downing, writing from Canton.to his uncle in America; " I guess there really be but two sorts of government.in the nature of things—bamboo, ,ns in China; bamboozle as in the old country ; but we in the United, Slates use' em both, and.ours is the greatest government in the universe—bamboo for the niggers, and bamboozle for ourselves. Not Vicious but Playful.—Is jour horse perfectly gentle, Mr Trotter?" " Per-' fectly gentle sir The only fault he has got— if that be • a fault—is a playful habit of extending the hinder hoofs, now and then " "By.extending the hinder hoofs you don't moan kicking, I hope ?" " Some people call it kicking, Mr Green; but it is only a slight reaction of the muscles—a disease rather than a vice." Exit Green whistling. A Deceiver.—''Paddy, honey, will-ye buy my watch ?" " And is it about selling your watch yon are,. Mike?" "Troth, it is, darlint." " What's the price?'' ''Tin shil lins, and a muichin of the cratur." " Is the watch a dacent one?" "Sure-, and l'v had it twenty years, and it-, nivir, once desavod me.' " Well, here's your tin, and now tell. too, does it go well ?" " Bedad, an' it goes faster than any watch in Connaught, Munster, Ulster, Leinster, not. barrio' Dublin." ."Had luck to ye, Mike, then you have taken me in ! Didn't you say it nivir desaved you ?" "Sure 7°!" ^ ^ DOr ^ —'01' ^ depended on A doctor lately informed his friends, .in a large company, that l,e had been eight days in the country. 'Ves,'says one of the partv; it has been announced in the Times.1 < Ail J'; said the doctor, stretching his neck im-, portantiy; ' pray, in what terms ?' Why as well as I can remember in the f, .Mowing- ' \- 'There were last week seventy-seven "deaths less than the week before !" ' A. bishop, seme little while past, o-Qt into conversation with a little Irish boy who was cleaning his windows. Fnding he was a Roman Catholic, the following colloquy took: place :TDr.T—: You believe, th2„, that I shall belost? Boy No, Sir. Dr. T—— How so ? You believe that those who die out of your church are lost? Boy: Yes sir Dv. T-rr—; Well, if I were to die now ] should die out of your church. Boy i lmi' you might be saved because of your '"iiicon-1 saveable ignorance!' . '/ Truthfulness. Kant in Konigsbei-n was snrrounded by., Englishmen, and by foreigners of all nations—foreign ami IWlisii* merchants; and; he pronounced the main characteristic feature of the English as a .nation to lie in their severe reverence for truth. This from him was no slight praise for such was the stress he laid upon -veracity' that upon this one quality he planted tile whole edifice of moral excellence. General integrity eould not exist, he hold, without veracity as its basis; nor that basis exist without superinducing general integrity I his opinion many besides Kant will see cause to approve. For myself I can truly say, never did I know a human being, boy ci girl who began life as a habitual undervalue! of truth that did not afterwards exhibit a character conformable to that beginning; such a character as, however superficially "correct under the steadying hand of self-interest, was" not in a lower key of moral feelintj as wull as of principle.— Be Quince//. Edward Irving and the Shoemaker,' —A . certain shoemaker, radical and infidel ■ was among- the number of those uiid'-r Irving'k special care—a home-workman, of course always present, silent, with his hack turned.,, upon the visitors, and refusing any communi cation except a sullen humph of implied critiv cism, while his trembling- wife made her de-' precating- curtesy in the foreground. The way in which this intractable individual was finally won over is attributed, by some'tellers' of the story, to a sudden happy inspiration on li ving's part, but by others to plot and intention. Approaching the bench one day the visitor took up a piece of patent leather'1 ' then a recent invention, and remarked npon: it in somew hat skilled terms. rIho shoemaker ■ went on with redoubled industry at his work • but at last, roused and exasperated by the speech and pretence of knowledge,, asked' with g-rent contempt, but'without 'raising- his eyes, ' What do ye ken about leather?' This was just the opportunity his assailant wanted ; for Irving, though a minister and a scholar; was a tanner's son, and could discourse learn-i edly on that material. Gradually interested and mollified, the cobbler slackened work, and listened while his visitor described some pro cess of making shoes by machinery, which lie had got carefully up for the purpose. At last the shoemaker so far forg-ot his ceution as to suspend his work altogether, and lift his eyes to the great figure stooping over his bench. The conversation went on with in creased vigor after this, till finally the recu sant laid down his arms. ' Od, you're a decent kind of fellow; do you preach ?' said the vanquished, curious to know more of his vi sitor. The advantage was discreetly, but not too hotly pursued 'I and on the following Sunday the rebel mado a defiant, but shy appearance at.church. Next day he encoun tered him in the savory Gallowgate, and hailed him as a friend. Walking- beside him in his natural talk, the tall probationer laid his hand upon the shirt-sleeve of the shrunken sedentary workman, and marched by his side, along tho well-frequoutnd streot. By tile time the)' had roached t he end of their mutual way, not « spark of ro.-i-tance was left in the shoemaker. His children i.enceforward vent to school; his deprecating wife went to the kirk in peaco. He himself acquired that suit of Sunday ' blacks' so dear to the heart of the poor Scotchman, ami became a church goer and respectable nicmbor of society; while his acknowledgement of his conqueror was ^conveyed with characteristic reticence and concealment of all deeper feeling- in the solf-excusing- pretence: ' He's a sensiblo ir.an yon; he kens about leather.'—Mis.OUiphaiCs Life of Irving. The following will interest teetotalers:— 'Hyson' means 'before the rains,' or 'flourish ing spring,' that is, early in spring ; hence it is often called 'Youug Hyscn.' 'Hyson skin' is composed of the refuse of other kinds, tbe native terra for which is ' tea skins.' BofuseJ of still coarser description, containing many stems, is called 'tea- bones.' ■' Bohea' is the name of tho hills in the rogion whero: it is collected. 'Pekoe' or 'Pecco' means tho 'whito hairs,' tho down of tender leaves. ' Pow chong,' 'folded plant.' 'Souchong,' ' sin: 11 plant.' ' Twankay' is tho i.amo of a small river in tho region where it is bought. ' Congo' is from a term signifying ' laloiy from tho care required in its preparation. -Dr, Guodall, of Eton.—This gentleman was proverbially fond ui punning. About tho same time that lie was made-Provost of Eton, he received also u stall at Windsor. A yotn^ I Jady of his acquaintance, while congratulating him on his" elevation, and requesting him to give the young ladies of Eton and Windsor a hall during the .vacation, lmppenfld to touch the wig with her fan, and caused the powder to fly about, upon which the doctor exclaimed —• My dear, you see you can get the powder out of the cannon, hut not the hall.'—Captain Gionoiv's Reminiscences. , A Charming Flower.—A wife full of 'truth, innocence, and love, is- the prettiest flower a man can'wear next his heart. . ..The Greatest Certainty-.—The time is near when the great and the rich must leave this land and his well-built house; artd of all the trees of his orchards and woods nothing shall attend him to his grave hut oalc for his coffin and cypress for his funeral.—Bishop Taylor. Jonathan in England.—The Durham university have just had built an. eight-oar boat, which is so exnetly poised that the rowers are obliged to part their hair down the middle to keep their balance ! " Geologically speaking," says Hood, "the rock upon which hard drinkers split is quarts Nevertheless.—A paper the other day, in mentioning an accident, staled that thb sufferer was attended, by three surgeons; nevertheless he was likely to'recover. A Western editor thinks that Columbus is not entitled to much credit lor disco.veririov Ameiica, as the country is so large he could ( not well have missed it. . L , Where is ,your father ?'' said an angry master to the son of his habitually tippling domestic. "He is down-slnirs, Sir." Gstt-irig drunk, I suppose?' "No, Sir, he, ain't," What then ?" " Getting,sober, Sir."' Chinese Art of PrtESEtiviNG Hea'lth. —Be virtuous; govern your passions; restrain your -'appotites ; avoid' excess, and ' high seasoned food ; eat slowly, .and chew, your .food well. Do not eat to full,satiety.' Break fast betimes; it is not wholesome to go out fitstiogv In winter a glass or two of wine is •:an .excellent preservative against nn-wliole some air. Make a hearty meal about noon, and eat plain meats only. 'Avoid salt ineates : those who eat them often have pale com-' plexious, .\ a stow pulse, and are full of | ,c,ori-upted v ,humours. Sup betimes, and "sparingly. Let your meat t be neither too much nor too little done. Sleep not until ■ two hotns after eating. Begin your meals .with a little tea,, and wash .your month with a cup of it ^afterwards. "Yon may drink wine, but never liiore th'Ari' iwa or' thsee small 'glasses. The most important advice which ;can be given to every person maintaining the .body..in due temperament, is to be very i 'moderate in all tho use ot the pleasures of | sense; for all excess weakens the spirits. Walk not too long at' once. Stand not for hours in the one,posture; nor lie longer than necessary, In winter, keep n.>t yourself too hot, nor in summer too cold. Immediately after you awake, rob your.breast where your ■heart-lies with.the palm of your hand. Avoid a stream of wind. . ' • A Warning to the Peevish.—I once witnessed a spectacle in the Liverpool Zoolog ical Gardens which I shall never forget. In a large deep pit there were three bears ; ,two verylarg-e the other quite small. I dropped a bisfiuit for tho little one, which he began to ti^f. The large hears, being full of frolic, took away the. broken pieces of the biscuit Several tirnos with their paws, and returned theQl to liira. The little one was testy and fiercb; 'snapped, and snarled, and bit at his jocose- companions. The big bears put up ,'with this lor a while without resentment. But .the little one could not fo-;get the insult; he 'went on' quarreling and snapping. In a few /moments, to my surprise and horror, the great ,-bears begun to growl; and, being angry,'set, „upon the poor little thing, bit him completely' tiiioui-h the bowels, and laid him dead on the :spot. I looked" on and received instruction. I said to myself, if men will not put up with trifling annoyances, but resolve to fret and fume and resent them, they must expect from parties as meddlesome as themselves, but with rt-ieat power, formidable injuries, and it may be ruin. Let a man once acquire a character for peevishness, we may conclude that in social lite he will be avoided ; and should lie give himself airs before power and authority' m public, he will be chastised ; and if still troublesome, as a member of an organized society, lie may" expect' to be doposed.— iSermons.on .-Peevishness-. . flow the Old Chiei- was Astonished by A Colt —The Governor had one of Colt's pistols in his belt, and one of his revolving rilles always in his hand; and I had the old minie, with whose powers, you are. somewhat acquainted. I had let out the idea that the Governor's gun could shoot all day without I reloading, which- made an illustration neces sary. They were all anxious to see it "set in motion," and I placed the door of our tent, which was part of a cow skin stretched on a hoop, at the distance of sixty or seventy yards with a bull's eye in the centre. The whole village had assembled; and the Governor took" his position and went off—one! two! threo ! four! five 1 six !—I then stepped up and told him that was enough, I presumed; and while tho old chief was assuring him that thev were all convinced, and it was a pity to wasto any more ammunition, the Governor was slipping thejempty cylinder oft'and another one on, with six. charges more, without their observing what he was doing—he offered to proceed, but all were satisfied that his gun would shoot all day without stopping, and this report travelled ahead: of ns to nil the -tribes we ever afterwards visited in that region. 