Reminiscences of Captain Gronow, related by himself. f From the London Examiner, 1 This is a pleasant military and social book of anecdote gossip, illustrated with a few odd sketches from contemporary prints of the notabilities of nearly half a century ago. Captain Gronow passed from Eton ia 1812 to an ensigny in*the First Guards, and joined Wellington's army in Spain, with a detachment of 500, reinforcements, that arrived in time to take part in the crossing of the Bidassoa and the occupation of Souh's comfortable camp across the river. In the winter of 1813 the Guards were stationed with head-quarters at St. Jean de Luz. ' The mayor cf the town, thinking to please 'the great English lord/ gave a ball at the Hotel de Ville. Our Com mander-in-chief did not go, but was repre sented by Waters. I was there, and expected to see seme of the young ladies of the country, so famed for their beauty ; they were, however, far too natriotic to appear, and the only lady present was Lady Waldegrave, then living with her husband at head-quarters. What was one partner among so many ? The ball was a dead failure, in spite of tbe efforts of the mayor, who danced, to our intense amusement, an English hornpipe, which he had learnt in not a very agreeable manner viz. when a prisoner of war in the hulks at riymouth.' 'ihe mayor's hospitable hornpipe was more rational than the luxury of an ensign, the Hon. W. JDawson, whom Captain Gronow first met with at St. Jean de Luz. ' He was surrounded by muleteers, with whom he was bargaining to provide carriage for innumerable hampers of wine, liqueurs, hams, potted meat, and other, good things, which he had brought from England. He was a particularly gentlemanly and amiable man, much beloved by the regiment r no one was so hospitab'e or lived so mag nificently. His cooks were the best in the army, and he, besides, had a host of ser vants of all nations — Spaniards, French, Portuguese, Italians— who were employed in scouring the country for provisions, lord Wellington once honoured him. with his company ; and on entering the ensign's tent, iound him alone at table, with a dinner fit for a king, his plate and linen in good keeping, and his wines perfect. Lord Wellington was accomnanied on this occasion by Sir Edward Packenliam and Colonel DcBurgb, afterwards Lord Downes. It fell to my lot- to partake of his princely hospitality and dine with him at bis quarters, a farmhouse iu a village on the Bidassoa, and I never saw a better dinner put upon table. The career of this amiable Anaphiiryon, to our great regret, Kas cut short, alter exercising for about a year a splendid but not very wise hospitality. He had only a younger brother's fortune ; his debts became very considerable, aad he was obliged to quit the Guards. He and his friends had literally eaten up bis little fortune.' But his debts were not paid by the friends among whom he had been so '-much beloved.' The Hon. H. Townshend, *' com monly called Bull Townshend/7 was among the officers of the Guards ta&en; prisoner in the sortie from Bayonne. ?* He was celebrated as a bon vivtmt, and in consequence of bis too great indulgence in the pleasures of ihe table, liad become very unwieldy and could not move quick enough to please his nimble captors, so he received many prods in bis Itiack from a sharp bayonet. After repeated threats, however, he was dismissed with what out American friends would be pleased to designate ' a severe booting.' The* late Sir Willoughby Cotton was also a prisoner. It really seemed as if the enemy had made a choice of the fattest officers.' There was no lack of care taken by the French to keep victuals out of the way of the English. ' About the same time General Harispe, who commanded a corps of Basques, issued a proclamation forbidding the peat antry to supply the English with provisions for forage, on pain of death ; is stated that we were savages, and as a proof of this, our horses were born with short tails. I saw this absurd proclamation, which was pub lished in French and in the Basque Languages, and distributed all over the country.' Quartermaster-General Sir John Waters was a master of Spanish literature and patois, who could act the muleteer, the toreador, the priest, or the hidalgo at dis cretion, and assume any turn of character be pleased. As he spoke French with a German accent, in France he played the Alsatian, aad by help of such, skill, and the keenest faculty of t observation, he was in valuable to Lord Wellington as an amateur spy upon the enemy. Once he was captured .? — ' A troop of dragoons had intercepted him, and carried him off ; and the com * manding officer desired two- soldiers to keep a strict watch over him and carry him to head- quarters. He was of course disarmed, and being placed on a liorae, was, after a short time, galloped off by his guards. He slept one night under durance vile at a small iun, where he was allowed to remain in the kitchen ; conversation flowed on very glibly, and as he appeared a stupid Englishman, who could not understand a word French or Spanish, he was allowed to listen, and thus obtained precisely the in telligence that he was in search of. The following morning, being again mounted, he overheard a conversation between his guardb, who deliberately agreed to rob him, and to shoot him at a mill where they were to stop, and to report to their officer that they had been compelled to fire' at him in conaequerce of his attempt to escape. ' Shortly before they arrived at the mill, for fear ibat they might meet with some one who would insist on having a portion of the spoil, the dragoons took from their prisoner jhia watch and purse, which he surrendered with a good grace. On their arrival at the mill they dismounted, and in order to give some appearance of truth to tueit story, they went into the bouse, leaving their prisoner outside, in the hope that he would make some attempt to escape. In an instant Waters threw bis cloak upon a neighbouring olive bush, and mounted his cocked hat on the top. Some empty flour sacks lay upon the ground, and a horse laden with well-filled flour sacks stood at the door. Sir John contrived to enter one of the empty sacks and throw himself across the horse. When the soldiers came out of the house, they fired their carbiues at the (supposed prisouer, and galloped off at the utmost speed. ' A short time after, the miller came out and mounted his steed. The general con trived to rid himself of the incumbrance of the sack, and sat up, ridittg behind the man, who, suddenly turning round, saw a ghost, as he believed, for tlie flour that still remained in the sack had completely whitened his fellow-traveller and given him a most unearthly appearance. The frightened miller was * putrified,' as Mrs. Malaprop would say, at the sight, and a push from the white spectre brought the unfortunate man to the ground, when away rode the gallaut quarter-master with his sacks of flour, which at length bursting, made a ludicrous spectacle of man and horse. *? On reaching the English camp, where Lord Wellington was anxiously deploring his fate, a sudden shout from the soldiers made his lordship turn round, when a figure, resembling the statute in D»n Jiian, galloped up to him. The duke affectionately shaking him by the hand, said — * Waters, you never yet deceived me ; and though you have come in a most questionable shape, £ must congratulate you and myself.' ' When this story was told at the club, one of those listeners who always want somethingmore called out, * Well, and what did Waters say ?' to which Alvanley replied — * Oh, Waters made a very flowery speech like a well-bred man.' ' At the battle of the Nivelle. 'The colonel of an infantry regiment, who shall be nameless, being hard pressed showed a disposition not only to run away himself, but to order his regiment to retire. In fact, a retrograde movement had com menced, when my gallant and dear friend Lord Charles Spencer, aidecamp to Sir William Stewatt, dashed forward, and, seizing the colours of the regiment, exclaim ed, * If your colonel will not lead you, fol low me, my boys.' The gallantry of this youth, then only eighteen years of age, so animated the regiment, and restored their confidence, that they rallied, and shared in the glory of the day.' Captain Gronow recalls stories of Mary Anne Clark's dispensation of commissions and church preferments, and tells of society in London ia 1814 as seen by an officer of the Guards, with Portman street Barracks for his point of view. There were four- bottle men in those days. The late Lords Panmure, Dufferin, and Blayney, says Gronow, were even sixbot tle men. As for the opera, ' Tbe greatest vocalist of whom I have a recollection is Madame Catalani. In her youth she was the finest singer in Europe and she was much sought after by all the great people during her sejour in London. She was extremely handsome, and was con sidered a model as wife and mother. Catalani was very fond of money, and would never sing unless paid beforehand. She was invited, with her husband, to pass some time at Stowe, where a numerous but select party had been invited ; and Madame Catalani, being asked to sing soon after dinner, willingly complied. When the day of her departure came, her husband placed in the bands of the Marquis of Buckingham tbe following little bUet : — * For seventeen songs, seventeen hundred pounds.' This large sum was' paid at once, without hesitation.' Grand dinners forty or fifty years ago, setting in hotly and heavily with mul ligatawny and turtle soups, were wonder fully solid. For the guest, ' A prime difficulty to overcome was the placing on your fork, and finally in your mouth, some half-dczen different eatables which occupied your plate &t; the same time. For example, your plate would contain, say, a sliee of turkey, a piece of stuffing, a sausage, pickles, a slice of tongue, cauli flower, and potatoes. According to habit and custom, a judicious and careful selection from this little bazaar of good things was to l»e made, with an endeavour to place a portion of each in your mouth at the same moment. In faet, it appeared to me that we used to do all our compound cookery between our jaws. Of the amateur performance of Romeo by ' Romeo Coates* Captain Gronow gives a very amusing account. Mackinnon was in those days the Griroaldi of private and fashionable life : — ** Colonel Mackinnon, commonly called ' Dan,' was an exceedingly well-made man, and remarkable for his physical powers in running, jumping, climbing, and such bodily exercises as demanded agility and muscular strength. He used to am use hia friends by creeping over the furniture of a room, like a monkey. It was very common for his companions to make bets with him. For example, that ho would not be abltf !o climb up tlra ceiling of a room, or scramble over a certain housetop. Grhnaldi, the i famous clown, used to say, * Colonel Mack- j innon has only to put on die motley costume, and he would totally eclipse me/ f- Mackinnoa was famous for practical jokes ; which were, however, always played in a gentlemanly way. Before landing at St. Audero's, with some other officers who had been on leave in England, he agreed to personate the Duke of York, and made the Spaniards believe that Bis Itoyal Highness was amongst them. On nearing the shore, a Royal standard was hoisted at the mast head, and Mackinnon disembarked wearing tbe star of his shako on bis left breast, and accompanied by his friends, who agreed to play the part of aides-de-camp, to Royalty. The Spanish authorities were soon informed of the arrival of the Royal Commanderin Chief of the British Army ; so they received Mackinnon with the usual pomp and circumstance attending such occasions. 7be mayor of tbe olace. in honour of the illustrious arrival, gave a grand banquet, which terminated with the appearance of a huge bowl of punch. Whereupon Dan, thinking that the joke had gone far enough, suddenly dived his head into the porcelain vase, and threw his heels into tlie air.*' Captain Gronow was at Waterloo, and, with the rest of tlie world, in Paris after the occupation by the Allies. At one of Lady Oxford's soirkes, 'Cornwall, the eldest; son of the Bishop of Worcester^ had from some unaccount able cause a misunderstanding with Madame de Stael, who appeared very excited, and said to Lady Oxford, in a loud voice, ? Notr ami M. Cornewal est grosso, rosso, e Jurioso? It should be observed that the gentleman thus characterized was red-haired, and hasty in temper. All who heard this denunciation were astounded at the lady's manner for she looked daggers at the object of her sarcasm. Among ths duellists of 1815 Captain Gronow celebrates the Marquis de q . ? 'The Marquis de H ? , descended of an ancient family in Brittany, also in the Garde du Corps, likewise fought innumerable duels, killing many of his antagonists. I hare heard that on enter ing the army he was not of a quarrelsome disposition, but was laughed at, and bullied into fighting by his brother officers;, and, like a wild beast that had once smelt blood, from the day of his first duel he took a delight in such fatal scenes — being ever ready to rush at and quarrel with any one. The marquis has now, I am glad to eay, subsided into a very quiet, placable, and peace-making old gentleman; bnt at the time I sneak of be was much blamed for his duel with F ? , a young man of nineteen. While dining at a cafe he exclaimed, *J*ai envie de tuer qneltfunj j and rushed out into the street and to the theatres, trying to pick a quarrel; but he ' was so well known that no one was found willing to encounter him At last, at the Theatre de la Porte St Martin, lie grossly insulted this young man, who was, I think, an eleve of the Ecole Poly technique, and a duel took place under the lamp-post near tbe theatre, with swords. He ran F ? through the body, and left him dead upon the ground.' Captain Grenow tells some stories of the grandfather of the present Lord Westmore land : — ?* On one occasion, Lord Westmoreland, who was Lord Privy Seal, being asked what office he filled, replied, * Le C/tanceliei est le grand sceau (Sot);mo£ je suis le petit sceau d' Angleterrc.' On another occasion, he wished to say ' I would if I could, but I can't,' and rendered it, ' Je voudrais si je coudrais, maisje tie cannais pas?' To which we may add one of' Alderman Wood : — ' Among the many English who then visited Paris was Alderman Wood, who had previously filled the office of Lord Mayor of London, fie ordered a hundred visiting-cards , inscribing upon them, 'Alderman Wood, feu Lord Slaire de LotidreSf which he had largely distributed amongst people of rank — having translated the word *late' into 'feu, which I need hardly state means ' dead.' ' Again — *« One of our countrymen having been introduced by 3J. de la Rochefoucauld to Mademoiselle Bigot tini, the beautiful and graceful dancer, in the course of conver sation with this gentleman, asked him in what part of the theatre he was placed; upon which he replied, 'Mademoiselle, dans une loge rdlie,' instead of 'grillee.' The lady could not understand what he meant. until his introducer explained .the mistake, observing, * Les diables des Anglais jtensent tovjours a leur Mosbtj. Brummeil was accredited with many jokes. The luxurious Jew money-Ietider King used to drive in tbe park with bis handsome wife between four and seven in (he height of the season. ' It happened that during one of these drives Lord William L — , a man of fashion, but, like other of the great men of the day, an issuer of paper money discounted at high rates by the usurers, was thrown off hie horse. Mr. and Mrs. King imme diately quitted tbe carriage and placed the noble lord within. Oa this circumstance being mentioned in the clubs, Bruniuicll observed that it was only 'a Bill Jewly (duly) takcu up and honoured.' ' WheB Brummeil went out as a reputed wit, Lord Alvanley came in : — ?* When Sir Lumley Skeffington, who been a lion in his day — and whose spectacle the ' Sleeping Beauty,' produced at a great expeuse on the stage, had made him looked up to as deserving all the blandishments of fashionable life — reappeared some years after his complete downfall and seclusion in the Bench, he fancied that by a very gay external appearance be would recover his lost position: but he found hi.-- old friends very shy of him. Alvanley beiug asked on une occasion who ttwit smart looking individual was answered, * It is a second coition of tbe * Sleeping Beaut}'/'5 bound in calf, richly git, a id illustrated iff many cuts.*' ,'?.; Captain Gronow has anecdotes of Byron* whom he knew, and of SbeHey, who war ' his schoolfellow at Eton. Here is a joke o ' Dr. i^ootSaH's ; — ' This gentleman was proverbially fond of punning. About ihe same time ifcat he was made Provost of Eton he received, also, a stall at Windsor. A yotfrifT lady of his acquaintance, while congratulating him on his elevation, and requesting him to give the young ladies of Eton and Windsor a ball during the vacation, happened to touch his wig with, her fain; and caused the powder to fly about. Upon which the doctor exclaimed, * My dear, you see you can get the powder out of ttio cannon, but not the ball,'' General Palmer, son of the introducer of the mail coach system, having received ' £i 00,000 in recognition of Ms father1* services, bought a claret vineyard, and succeeded in snaking ' Palmer's claret* talked of and liked in society. 'The patronage of the Prince Regent was considered es&ential;, who, with hi» egotistical good-nature, and from a kindly feeling for Palmer, gave a dinner at Carlton-house, when a fair trial was to be given to bis claret.* A select circle of gastronomes was to be present, amongsf* wliom was Lord Yarmouth,, well known in those days by the appellation of Red- herrings/ from his rubicund whiskers, bair aad face, and from the town of Yarmouth deriving its principle support from the importation from Holland of that fish; Sir Benjamin Bloomfield, Sir William Knight on, and Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt, were als© of the party. The wine was produced, and was found excellent, and the spirits of tlie party ran high ; tbe light wine animating them without intoxication. The Prince was delighted, and, as usual upon such occasions, told some of his best stories, quoted Shakspeare, and was particularly happy upon the boequet of the wine as suited ' to the holy Palmer's kiss.T Lord Yarmouth alone sat in moody silence, and, on being questioned as to the cause, replied that whenever he dined at his Royal Highness's table, he drank a claret which he much preferred— that which was furnished by Carbocell. The Prinee immediately ordered a bottle of this wine; and, to give them an opportunity of testing the difference, he desired that some apenovy sandwiches should be served op. Caruonell's wine was placed upon Ibe tabje; it was a claret male expressly for the London market. \v 11 dashed with Hermitage, and infinitely more to the taste of tiie Englishman than the delicately flavoured wine they had been drinking. The banquet terminated in the Prince declaring his own wine superior to that of Palmer's, and suggesting that he should try some experiments on fiis estate to ' obtatn a better wiue. Palmer came from Carlton-house much mortified. On Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt attempting to console him, and saying that it was the anchovies that had spoiled the taste of the con noisseurs, the general said loudly enough to be heard by Lord Yarmouth, * No;, it was the confouuded red-herrings.9 ' Taking too rashly the Prince's advice Palmer uprooted bis vines, planted others, and so laid the fouudations of his ruin. He was reduced to beggary. The reader will observe in the preceding extract that Cap tain Gronow forgets to accredit Yarmouth with a fishery of its own, and tells us that the town lives chiefly by importing herrings out of Holland. Some of his reminiscences may also suggest question, and in a few instances the disguise of initials is so en tirely destroyed by the circumstantiality of bis details that pain may be given to several, persons, especially in respect of some of tbe anecdotes of duelling in Paris* The book, however, is a pleasant repertory of social anecdote of the last generation, and has ia its manner the merit of a sensible man o£ the world's freedom from egotism. Except that he was a first-rate pistol-shot at sparrows and wafers, Captain Gronow sajs or implies nothing in sett-commendation. ? i 