' POSTPONEMENT OIT CONCEBÍ.-In oonaoquonoe of tbs inolemeooy of (be ireutber, and tbe illness of some^of tbe artie's, tbe concert annannaed for this evening, for the benefit ol Madame Bonlangsr, is postponed till friday, the lTih Instant. ' , BOBEBX. BTJUHS AND SCQXTISK INTEMPERANCE -Tho lecture on tbe abare sabjeot advertised to be delivered by tho Be». Joh a Bitd, in tho Marinera' Cbureb, last, even, irg. waa, OWIDR to the inclement natara ot the weather, postponed until next Thursday evincing. , THE MIMOSA SiEAMca.-We understand that the depo'.' si|ions which wore taken before Mr. Caswell, P.M.,,at Morays, in referenee to the loss of tbs Mimosa, steamer, have been forwarded to the Attorney.General, with whom' tbe matter at present rests ; the. Steam Navigation B lorri, by whom, under other circumstances, an Inquiry woald bave been at onoe institatad, taking no stopB in i the affair pending the opinion of Ute Crown law offioers. XtFE ABBUBAMGX-Mr. B. Short, of Sydney, agent to tbe Australian Mutual Provider** Soolaty, waa in alten, danae at the Sobool of Arts, Newtown, last evening, aa per advertisement, to give explanations on the subject ot life aaauranoo, in ail ita tranches, and to fill up proposals; tnt owing, probably, to tho inclemency of the walther, not so many persons attended to Book information on thia impprtant sabjeot as would otberwiso have dono ros Bowever, any information regarding assurance nj By be obtained by corresponding with Mr. Short, nt tba offiao of the soalety, Hunter-street, Sydney. We believe it is bis intention to visit Newtown for a aimilsjr parpoae on Tuesday evening nut, from T until 0 o'dook, tor the same purpose. , PADDIKOTÛK AJTD Stranx Hux3 BULES.-A meeti< g ! for tbe election of t io oorporals ia this company waB bela on Taaadky at the GourUbouae, Darllngbaret. Taire were fire candidates ; bat tbe oboloe fell apon Ur. O. Gough and Mr. Ayl ward, who rewired respectively forty, two and thirty-eight voteB. Beti, -Û70 membera »ol'jd, Tbis eleotlon waa rendered; necessary by tbe prr'roition af Mr, Malton to the lieutenancy cf the compviy, nad of I Mr, Coulter to an enslgn:y In the Auckland ¿Sintió.. The i oompany now possess an eOsiont drum anrf flf<¡ bjo I and npmbers pver eighty members. . i '. > PHIXDABMI-PIC' ScDiBrv.-Tb» unpleasant stale of Ifce - weatber yesterday evening we», no doubt, tba oin ss cf' (binning tba attendance at tbe Matonio Ball, on tbs . ceaaefon of tba Pbilbaruionio Society's first opnoort for tbs seaton, bot Ibia bad a fall mtasare of compensation In tbe entboaiaam cf the audienoe. The principal event of tba evening consisted of the sis oboral pieco» executed by tbe members of the sooiety; these exhibited a very marked improvement on former produc- - tioop, indeed tbe tendering of some of tbem wes perfect, . and"*bowed exoellent training OD the part of tbe choros mtater and condnotor, Mr. W. Cordntr ; tbe voloes «ere «ell balanoed. alway« in tone, and light and shade especially well developed. - To connoisseurs it would have been agroeable to hava beard more of them; parti culerljr effective were tbe two old madrigals, «. Kow is tba month of Maying " (Morley),, and ..Down in a flowery vale" (Feste), . and Purcell's brilliant " Come il you dare." Of the solois'a Mr. Waller was undoubtedly the favourite ; he waa en- ? «orad in a song by Blumenthal, and gave tbe " Piff t paff ' from the Huguenote, in a style that we may say was quite like Mr. Waller himself wben in hia very beac Toice nnd Bpiritc. Be was »gain encored in this, and had to repeat 11 The Village Blacksmith," by Weirs. A . gem that thoroughly deserved the enoore it received, wai Carsabman's " Ti pt ego, O madre pla,? by Mrs. Cardner - and lady amateurs ; ont the Lurline qnartette, " Though the world," was lesa BueoesBful. Mrs. Bushelle sang tba aria from Weber's Der Freisobntz, " Wie nahte-mir dar . Bahlummet" (Before my eyeH beheld him), the grand teena from Tancred!, " Di tanti palpi i ;*'. and, with Mrs, Cordner, the doet from Semiramide,," Giorno d' orrore.*. In the second Bbe was encored, and auk. stltnted Moore's song of " The Minstrel Bny," - Mrs. Cordner - has mada an imminis advanae aa a vocalist, and sings with a firmness and rich- ness of voice that eannot fail to gain for her « high post, tion. Sha gave as a solo« romanza by Goldsberg,*? Lu Caetanza," with great expression ¡ she also Bang with a soprano amateur Kuoken'e duet, " In yonder bower." A . cavatina from Verdt'a "Kino" was also included-in tba programme wbioh, with its encores, .was completed BoYAX VioTonU. .TnEATM.-List evening, loe dram« of "PcepO'Day" was brought oat et thia tbeatte. Im this pleca the versatile abili'iea of Mr. Joe Simmons were displayed with very oonsiderablo effect. Tba ohataoter of Barney O'Toole, tbe rollicking devll-msy.nare Irish roan, baring Iud.-an excellent representative-in tbis popular perlormer. Hia brogue and bis aoting bespoke the true Hibernian. Mrs. Charles Poole, BS Kathleen Kavanagh, was seen to mach advantage, infusing into tbs impersonation.an embodiment of that feeling and finish, whiob are the distinguishing characteristic .cf all tbis lady's performances. Mr?. Charles Jones, as Mary Grace, added much to t he ancoesB of the piece. Mr. h, N. Warner, Mr. Barford, Mr. S. Howard, and Mt. J. J.. Welsh, made tba most of the parts tbey oaBumed. The soonio t-ffaers were very beautiful, particularly the moon, light scene, in w hioh was iottoduoed the oelebra'.ed oxy bydrogen light. The eave sosne also had a-grand appearance,. and the country fair was well got up. Altogether tbe performance .waa a decided Bacaeas. Tbe - afterpieoe, entitled " Fifteen Minutes with.Spirits («nd Water)," written expressly to introduce tbe ghosts in a . new phase, WOB received with m nob satiaf . dion by tbe audience ; who, of conrae, were surprised at the delusions . practiaed. Tc- sight the performances wilt be for the - farewell benefit of Mr. H. N. Warner, who purposes, we understood, shortly leaving for England. This oaoaaion will bo last on wbiob will be presented " Baymoni*, Lord of ¡ Milan," a piece which bas conferred fame on ita author,. Edward Beeve, Esq. Mt. Warner's Monda will warmly support bim to-night, now that he is about leaving/ NEW. SOOTH WALES FIPLE ABB.yjXAii'N..WATCHBA I ïeaterday motnlng, shoat eight r/olook, the businesa of: the dey commenced arider rather unfavourable ciroum-, I stanoeB-an atmosphère -indicating rain, and a atiff bret zs, likely to test severely the guessing capabilities. ! of oompelitors for prizes. Every jnarkBmao seemed to understand that in order to hit his intended mark, he ? I must make some lowanoa for tbe off. ot, that the atreng. . wind would have in diverging his ballet; bat.their esl.. oalations were very different, and the results of:their seoree equally so. Some allowed six inches for .every ' hundred yards, others twelve inches ; .and a few took into I oonBideraiion that eaoh ptogi sleive hundred yards re. I quired a greater allowance tban its predeoeBBor: . One. i gentleman, allowing six inohes for tbe first, hundred,. ' eight for tbe second, eleven for the third, Aileen Jor Ibo.. , fourth, and twenty for tbe fifth, found that he bad. I allowed too little, bis ball falling to tbe lee ff« rd of tba. target ; another, who allowed .about ioablo, ' taking.» shy ot the bosheB to windward, instead of tho target i itself." rooted. Owing to the inclemency of .the weather, I there were very few persons presea! bCbideB the,velan : teere tbemeolvos. We reserve the seore atti), the close r\f tim /.Antpnt: NEWTOWN SOHO.-I OS, ABTS,,-T.aat evening,an ad* journed general meeting of the members of ,the, above institution wa« held, in eooordanoe with en.advertise- ment in yesterday's paper, lu the oommittee room, but owing (in some mesante we presume) to tho .uniavour able state of the weather, only seven memherarlnolndiog ,tbe Seoretary, attended.. Mr. Dunlop having beea voted to tbe obair, it wos proposed by. Mr. File, seocaded by Mr. Benjamin Hardeker, and oarried-That tko meet. Jog adj oui n until nest Monday week, and that it;be ad. veitisedin tbe daily papers, sud that handbills be olrou. .lated in Ibo neighbourhood. The meeting,; then ad- journed. This ia tbe second time that such bes been the case owing to na. few members standing ; ; but it ls to be boped for the oredit of tbe town that, at the next meeting, things will be vrry différent. The. School of Aita is really a good institution, bas a..fina library of upwards of thirteen hundred well eeleoted volumes, a spacious reading room, w aero all tba Colonial »nd leading English papers and periodicals ere procurable, and en ?indefatigable seoretary, andi! would indeed-b* strange if, in a rising place like Newtown,, the S«hool,pf,Arts baa to be closed owing to the lukewarmness of, its. Jnhabi'ants, STICKING-UP AT MANTON'S CREEK.- On Friday night last three drays loaded with store goods from Sydney were robbed by two armed and mounted men, at the old camping ground at Manton's Creek. The drays belonged to Benjamin Weeks, John Cook, and Robert Beaver, and the property was being conveyed to . Forsyth, Mr. Mitchell, and Mr; Whitehand, of Wagga Wagga, and Mr. G. D. Dickenson, of Spring Creek, Burrangong. There were also some Government stores in the shape of buckets, which were|to be delivered at Wagga Wagga. The bushrangers, who from the descriptions given are in all probability Seary and Lineham, rode up to where the teamsters were sitting by the fire, and each present- ing two revolvers, told the men to bail up. From one of the men they took £1 3s. and a erimean shirt, and six or seven shillings from the others, returning, however, half-a-crown to each. From the loading for Wagga Wagga they took, two quarter- cases of whisky, and from the other drays, boots, hats, harness, sugar, tea, and a variety of wearing apparel. They broke open most of the cases, strewing their contents on the ground, and selecting the property, they most desired, loaded three horses with it and rode off in the direction of Blakney's Creek. On finding the buckets and as er- taining, they were police stores they smashed them up. One of them told the draymen that they had watched them at the Gap, and thought they had more valuable loading. They remained at the drays for upwards of three hours. Both men wore caps similar to those used by the police force at present, and it is probable they once belonged to the Government. On information of the outragehaving been communicated to the police, sergeant Sanily and all his available force proceeded in search of the bushrangers, but although the country for a considerable distance was well scoured, the scoundrels still remain at large. They took away a bay horse, branded JD conjoined, but that they will pro- bably abandon.- Yass Courier, October 7. .Tup .'EUX- Btw EDIER ON IHE. IiICBauaDJDQEE.-rUïS .taro rae», Maashall and Jobson, who robbed the bats ol ;Ur. Flannagan end Mr. Taylor, on tbe Murrnmbidge« last Sunday week. provioasfy, «¡ailed Mr. JçljnsiOL'i farra, and. atole from tbe houjo. a quantity of. wearing apparel. John Flannagan and, P received information aa to" tho di.eation wi)lob tb) robbers, bad takes, orossod ¿he Murrumbidgee at Slr, S wlfi'a, near Bogolong, and, pursued theta, being well .armed; but the aoounCrolo, bad too long a Btait. They were tracked past Mr. Williams's, at Ccorcdigbee, and fror« tbonoa to Tumnt, On aniving, there, Measrf. Flannagan and Job.Dtt.ia learnt that tte robbore boa paaaed there two cays previously. Marshall and Jjbtoa oalled at Mr. Mandelson's «tore at Aielong, and par. ohased a pair ol spars, but being r.oognised by Mr. U. information was iaamoaiately given to the polioe. Tbs robbers tamed of? tbe road in Bight of tba BUMOO, sod aa soon as tbe oauottables saddled, their horses they went ia pur putt, hat retained unsuccessful.-l*ai» Courier, October 7. Mee,»T. Chu. Mooro «nd Co. hare roqneited ne to direst tba attention of Warohoaeomon, Draper*, Storekooporo, «na in» Oraao to tholr continuation Salo of Drapery, Mo a Troaaera. t'othln*. Felt «nd Holmet H»t», ko., Thie Day, at ll oalook, at Tool* Koora», Flltatroet, . . BpoT« ANO BIIUEB.-Tba. oipoolal attention of tho TrM«. Country Bu jora, and otbora le dlreotedto tho yery in>PgT;' Auction Salo to bo hold Tbté Day by Mr. W. Dean, at bl« wara. booao, flit and O'Connell atroet«,«t ll o'olook, embraoing aa Invoice of ISO Fackagoa New and Soaaonable Good«, or B°.»Tïî and Co.-« mannfaptaro i «lao, «bout 80 Fsokagea of Hom" e »rm Dawson'» Gooda. Foncta»i attondaooe 1« roquotou. Mcasr». h. E Threlkeld and Co. will «oilby «not on.Tb « utl, at ll,at tbolr Boom», 3«, Qoorge.»t eot, tho Brltlih-hnilt wi E K B.teson; alan,Sborry Wino,Ats, rprt.fr, Genor«! Grooorl«! Mourilya Jara Sugar, fco. , . . 