HAVE WE ANY GOLD? TO THE EDITOR. Sir— This is a question of vital importance to this provincj at the present time. Those who ought to know say we huve, and if the tr.les which are told to travellers are only half true, it is clear What I want particularly to call your attention to, and through you, if you will permit me, that of the public, is a passage in Mr. J. B. Austin's book on page 70, under the heading ' Wheat Ellen Mine,' where he speaks of auriferous gossan which has 'yielded on assay in England from four to six ounces of gold to the ton.' Why, Sir, if this statement is true, is not that mine worked? Six ounces of c;old to a ton ! -Why,, a Ballarat quartz-reefer would think his fortune made at once* out of a result like that. I have iio reason to doubt Mr. Austin's state ment— nay the whole book has such un air of truth and fact about ir, and also conveys its information, which is evidently thu result of personal obser vation, and displays also (but without parade) so very large an acquaintance with' the matters of which it treats, that one can hardly help crediting what he tells us. Ls it not strangi-, then— passing strange— that treasure like 'this lies hidden and useless? ' I do not wish to provoke any corroboration of his assertions from Mr. Austin, hut it does seuin unaccountable that wealth like this should still be unprofitable. There are many other statements in the hook which prove that the sources of our wealth are based upon a permanent foundation, and that capital, pluck, and enterprise are only wanted to develop them. But those who wish to be well up or to know what we have done, or what remains to do, will no doubt read the book for themselves, and I am sure it would he * anything but a disagreeable task, and time so occupied be by no means mis spent. I am, Sir, &c; ? -W. B. S. New Governor fou British Colum bia.— a rumour is in circulation that the Imperial Government have decided on the immediate sepa ration of the Administration of the colony of British Colnrabia from Vancouver's Island, and have even gone so far in the arrangements as to offer the new Uovernorship of the former to Vis count Bury, who at present is a memlwr of Lord Palmerston's Cabinet Should Lord Bury be per suaded to accept the offer, which he hesitated to do up to the latest dates, there can be little doubt that he would make an energetic and popttlir viceroy, liis Lordship has Tiad considerable colonial experience, having been Lord Elgin's private secretary in Canana, whilst -that distin guished nobleman filled the office of -Governor-' General of the Province. Lord Bnry is quite a young man, and is son-in-law of the late Sir Allan McNab, of Hamilton, O.W. 'We 'presume Utc change in Governor will bring with it what is so much desired in British Columbia— representative institutions for the colony.— lirilwi Colonial (British Columbia^, February. ? ?? ; , A Scientific Ghost:— The Polytechnic Institution, London, has a great attraction in a real ghost— he rises out of the solid floor, and vou may walk right through him, and cut him in two with a sword. For the right to- use the ghost in a new piece the manager of one of our theatres' has offered £500. The mode of produciug .the ghost belongs to an ex-civil engineer, named Dicks,, who first broached it at a meeting of the British Association 1u lS5S,—Sauiujlm''s JVws Lttter, : Marcu ll. .. ,..,:-.,-?., ..:.'. _; .?:'... 