HUNTING. THE M.II.C. AT OAKIM«n. Deab Bell,— The muiter at Gibson's, last Saturday, wos not very large, but there wore a- Jew of ibe right sort, and tho day was * molt agreeablo enc, being something like the balmy 1st of May in tho dear old country. Unfortu nately, it was nearly three hours after tho hounds : wore thrown into covtr before any game was aroused, all the favonrlto paddocks and kangaroo haunts turning up blank. At longth, alter drawincr throuch Tootle's, and away on towards Cheltenham, a diligent honnd opened boldly in a clamp of wattles, and the entire pack rushed eagerly to him, coon confirming by their answer ing chorus, that the challenge was orthodoi. Away then the; dashed, at a splitting pace, the start being quite out uf sightof the master and all the field, and it being quite a chance to get on their line, as they were going too fast to make muchmueio. Mr. WatBon and most of his followers hiad away through Tootle's, in the hopes of drop ping across the eager canines, but they weio too lato to catch a glimpse or a whtiper. A party of three, who had not gone through Tootle's pad dork when drawn, luckily canght fight of the streaming pack as they burat out of tho covert at one corner of the enclosure, and, afcer dvfng a rattling 'Holloa I' to make their whereabouts known, the triumvirate Bailed away close to the tail bounds. The long-tailed 'un bore away for Graham's, and led over a succession of stiff fences as far as the Bandenong road, which was crossed by two oat of. the throe. Prince Albert being pulled off. Only Nonsense, and the new crey, Paddy, were now with the cbaso, and they kept going over paddock after paddock, without either turning their beads, until Bergin'a and the polioe enclosure, besides many other heavy gr.uiap: Melds, well known to tho first flight men of the hnnt, had been crossed, »nd the honudi wore heading again towards Graham's, having recrosstd the hijh road. Hereabout*, three or four fresh Syers got up, and the pack divided into a- many separate lots, neither of the gallant Koiag horsemen, happening to b&ve; a hunting lash on his crop, so as to enforce obedience from the riotous truants. Accordingly, it being late in afternoon, and tbeir horses pretty well knocked np, the two fortnnate sportsmen turned home wards, knowing well that tbe hounds would find their way ba:k to kennel with their usual inttinct. The country they bad crossed w*s very soft, and the fences wore ' legion ;' but neither Nonsense nor P&ddy; made a balk nor mistake, and their riders justly congratulated themselves on the ' good thing' they enjoyed, though pityine their fellow sportsmen for being out of it. The run must have covered about a score of miles, and with ecaroe a moment's check. ? By-the-bye, about another meet or two will . close the season, which has been a great Im provement on tho past two years; and the Hunt Ciub Steeplechase will loon be a glorious Unale. NIMttOD'S QHOST. 