ion11 an1b aocrtig~n 1ntslligrrtn?t. CaowN Pa.ao oAGE?-No Prime Minister of late years has been so lavish of the honours of the Crown as Lord Palmerston. The new baronies of Hough ton and Arnaly will be the 29th and 30th peerages of the United Kingdom created at Lord Palmerston's recommendation, and of these 30 peerages, eighteen are cases in which new families have been ennobled, the others being either instances of Scottish or Irish nobles beinc made peers of the United Kingdom, or of new titles added to existing peerages. The ad. ditions, strictly speaking, to the peerage are the earldoms of Russell and Cromartie, the viscounty of Everely, and the baronies of Ananly. Aveland, Bel per, Brougham (new patent), Cheshsm, Ebury, Fitzhardinge, Houghton, Llanover, Lyons, Lyreden, Macaulay (extinct), Taunton, Wensleydale, and Westbury. Lords Ward and Cowley have been made earls; and the Irish peers, the Earl of Ken mare and Lord Talbot de Malahide, and the Scot tish peers, the Earls Fife and Seafleld and Lord Kinnaird have been made barons of the United Kingdom. At the Antrim assixes, the Hon. Baron Fitzgerald and a special jury decided a breach of promise case. The plaintiff, Miss Jane Marian Shallow, was a young woman rather prepossessing in appearance, and a milliner by trade, which she carried on at Newcastle, in the county Down. Her father being dead. her mother has lived for many years in the employment of Lady Annesley.-The defendant, Mr. James Savage, a widower, was much older than the plaintiff. He was a coal aud timber merchant, residing at Newry, and a Protestant in religion, the plaintiff being aCatholic. He became scquainted with her in the year 1860, and an attachment sprinog lag up between them, he professed himself to be her devoted lover. At last their inarriage was fixed for the 17th June, 1861. In consequence of this the plaintiff was indnuaed to sell off the greater pm tion of her business, as defendant assured her he was worth £7000 or £8000, and therefore, there would be no need for her to continueas it. When the 17th of June arrived, the defendant backed out from fulfilling the engagement then, on the ground of ill health, though it didn't appear to be very serioun. September was next named for the interesting cere many, but once more he declined, and, ps a matter of course,the plalntifflost berappetite, oand indulged in nothing but crying and .fretting-indeed, her .mother stated that for four months she hardly ever came down from heer bed,-om. When asked why be had bought herthe " wedding dress" he denied he had done so. He was a sporting man, and as one of hisedogs lad won a wager he presented her with s new dressontheoeassion. One ofthestrcong. eat proofs that he really was courting the plaintiff was the fact that during acomparStivelyshort tinie, be sent her 200 letters. Most if them were of a very proshel and insipid character. However, in one or two he ddscribeS his tender love for her "as being like a lava flood that barms in the breast of Etna's burning flames." This baraing sensation must have soon got off, eas he foresook the plaintiff and married auother lady.,-The ury awarded the plaintiff 100 goineas, though she had estimated the outrage on herfeelings at £3000. 'Tnearrans Oasracnors.-The new Act to abolish metropolitan turspikes has just been rinted, and will, on the let iJuly next, cause the removal of twenty-five toll pates and 6fty-six side bars, and thereby set free fifty-one miles of road on theMiddleses (north) aide of the Thames It Is Intended that Iolt's revolvers shall le exztensivelyiatrodaced into the Preseian army, and that tire cavalry and artillery o~oers are to be sopplied with them immediately. -ate aeste des trangern states that Madame Saqul, who sirty years ago out-Blondined Bl6dodin, has applied for asthorisstion to resarne her public ezercises as rope dancer, but that it has been refied in conseqeence of her age--86. The Dieppe Regatta took place on the 2nd Angstwivith greatdact, the weather being fine and the atterdaace not nusamermas. The yacht Ariel, of the Prince of Walee's acht. Club, 'belonging to Mr. John Arthur, of Paris, won the first prise, consisting of an pedi d'art, given by tae town of Dieppe, and a gold medal; also, the Prise of Honoer, given by the Emperor, for being the winner or' the Course dr'Ensemble. In the rowing matches an English crew from London were also successfmt.-Uaelgssee. Tee PuEo THE an S13INro MIL~.-A con. temporry, in descrlbiung the Prince of Wales' visit to Dean Clough Mille, says:-" A pleaingn incident ceutrced in this vast chamber filled with a eongre gation of gidrls bisy at Jbeir work. As the Prince entered no more notires ws taken of him than of any other individul b'he girle drove their trade end fised their threads .most sunconcernedly, but from one end of the rosom song was heard, passed from machine to machine, and spreading arouand the msehinery-heard everywhrea-perceptibly coming from nowhbere. It was Blrioley Richlards'e song, 'God blesathe Prince of Wales' The effect ofthis subdued but perfect harmony, amidst all the bustle and life of thebasy esne, was extiemely touching, and highly relished by the Priace and his com. panio?ns."--Birsmingham Da Onerte. THE KaING OF THE BELGIANS AnD THE A?ecaNa WaB.--The Morning Post publishes the following despatch:--" Brussels, August f--The King of the Belgians gave an audience to-day to Mr. Jewett. tihe American friend of mediation. The King permits the .publication of the substance of the interview. 'TheKiog believes that-the decision of a just tribunal offers the only means for the restoration of peace. The abolition of slavery, if stipulated for at all, shonuld be gradual. America ard Europe should together make provision for the slave. Mediation Is not interference. The other Govemmrnents should not be unwilling to Join France in working Is the interest of peace, now that the South favruassch a policy. Forcecannot secure the welfare of Ameries; an international judgment would cement more firmly the foundation pillar of American liberty. He would submit the matter to the Queen and Cahinet of Great Britain." A correspondent of alsdfers, writing from Clon mel on the 20th of August, alleges thatincendiarism is frequent in the surronding district. So general has this crime become, and such is the feeling of in security felt by the people, that a meeting of the county and local magistrates, to devise some means of better protecting life and property, is about to be held. The night patrol of the constabulary, he says, has proved altogether unable to check the in cendiaries, or arrest them. SvTATUE or Loan PLUNKETT--A Dublin letter states that a statue of Lord Plunkett is about to be placed in the hall of the Four Courts. It has been executed by M'Dowell, and represents the orator in the act of addressing an audience. The pedestal bears the simple inscription " Plankett-Erected by the Bar of Irelansod " As a lawyer, an orator, and a statesman he was unrivalled in this country, while the strength and solidity of his intellect, the pre dominating logic of his eloquence, the consistency and independence of his public character, and the devotion of his great talents to the cause of his country gave him a name of which the nation has been justly proud, It is natural, therefore,that the bar should be desirons to perpetuate his fame; and the only wonder is that this tribute has been de layed so long. How " OLD ALE" 18 MA?E.-In the Secondaries Court, on Wednesday, was tried Roy and others v. Sawle, an action for the price of two barrels of ale, sold by the plaintiffs, Scotch ale brewers, in Alloa and Thames-street, to the defendant, landlord of the Duke's Head, Oarnegie-stret.-Mr. Townley, for the plaintiff's, said his clients were thewell known "sensation ale" brewers; but this ecnim was for two barrels of single I, or 4d. ale. The sale of the ale having been proved, one of the plain tiff's travellers deposed thlat afterwards a complaint was made, and defendant was requested to send the ale back, but he said "No. I would rather use it for old ale" (laughter). Witness objetad to that, but the defendant persisted. Old ale is twopence a glass, but this ale should have been only one penny [laughter]. The defendant said the ale was too bad to be sold for one penny, but he did tihe best he could with it at twopence liper glass as old ale [laghtlor].-Mr. Townley said that the defend ant having persisted in keeping it, he evidently did so to use it as old ale,--Verdict for the plaintiffs. A ROMAECE In REAL LirE.- A very singular case was unfolded before the Darlington bench of magistrates. A young woman summoned a young man on the charge of being the father of her illegitimate child, and the statement of she case brought out the following extraordinary facts : The defendant lodged at the girl's mother's, in the city of Durham, when the girl was fifteen years of age. They gradually came to entertain an affeL tion for eachl other. In 1859, the girl, being out of health, went, with her mother's consent, to Shields, to stay with her aunt awhile, and benefit by a change of air. While she was staying there, the young man visited her, but at two months' end they quarrelled, and shite, to revenge Ierself upon him, actually allowed herself to be led to the altar by and married to a man whom she had only known for three days, and who, moreover, was a foreignes, and knew not one word in the English language. The foreigner was an Italian, and a captain of a merchant vessel then in port. He met with the girl at her aunt's, and they courted each other through the medium of an interpreter. No sooner was the ceremonial finished than she shook hands with her husband, and he with her; they parted, and have never seen each other since. She has had a letter from him-that was about two years ago, when, by the postmark, it would appear he was with his ship in London. The marriage took place on the Sunday, the 25th July, 1850, the girl being then 17 years of age. The very same afternoon, she sought oat her lover, and agreed to go and live with him. Representing to the girl's mother that they had become man and wife, they were allowed to live in her house. By-and-by a child came into the world. Up to that time, the defendant, who knew all the circumstances, cohabited with her; after that time he seems to have been less constant. Yet it was shown that he had contributed £3 10s towards the child's support, and had never, in fact, disowned the child until a few days ago. Mr. Webster, who appeared on behalf of the defendant, objected to Mr. Nixon, who appeared for the girls putting any question to her to prove the non-access of her husband. The Bench considered they had no alternative but to dismiss the case. A MIan DEaEBTxa.-O'Donnell, a private of the 76th Regiment, stationed at Aldersehott, on being ordered for guard duty, dressed himself in full marching order and deserted. He was pursued by two mounted provosts, and took refuge in a dry arch of the Basingstoke Canal, whence he freBd ineffectually at his pursuers. Hlie again fired and missed. One of the provosts then went bhack toithe camp for assistance. In the meanwhile O'Doansll fred at a man who was fishing in the banal, and to whom one of the provosts had spoken; he missed him, however, the ball nearly grazing his cheek. Assistance arrived, but O'Donnell escaped into a wood, and his trace was lost. Some hours after wards he was heard of as having entered the Brick. layers' Arms, a small beerhouse on the Hartley Bow-road, demanding a pint of beer without payment, and enforcing the claim by presenting his ride. Another hour poseed over, when. he was discovered in Dipley Copse, nearly ten miles from camp, by two provosts, when, taking off his tunic, he threw, it towards them, and defied them to ecapture him. Here belay for some hours, dnring which time he again disebarged hls rille sharmlesly. at his pumuer, although there was apparently no doubt that it was with a murderous intention. At the close of the daythe forme was relieved by fresh mounted men, who, rationed for the night, took up their position near the spot or ambush, none knowing but that they were the mark for the neat shot, yet all being aware that although the previous discharges had been harmless, O'Donnell was a marksman of the regiment, and his aim generally effective ot 700 or 800 yards. All night the party remainedon the.watah, bat, notwithstanding their vigilance, the villain suaceeded in making his escape throegh a densely wooded country in the direction of Beading. When laoetseen he had only his tronsem, boots, and cap oh, having even taken off his shirt to facilitate his escape; and, ai if prepared to resist any attempt at capture, he carried his rile in one hand and bayonet in the other. As it was known that he had twenty rounds of ammnnition when he started, and had since expended four, he had still sixteen rounds available -a fact which might well make the pursuing party rather cautions in approacshing him, and it is certaiuly a matter for congratulation that so far the affair ended without loss of life. The mounted patrols returned, after their fruitless endeavours to take the fugitive, in parties of two and three, to tamp. MrELANOaOLY DaAT Or a LvERPOOLe LAD. On Friday the Liverpool deputy coroner held an inquest on the body of a married lady, named Browdw the wife of the deputy manager of one of the local banks. One day last week, the deceased. being unwell, took a blue pill and black draught; acil haoing to lie in bed, she sent her servants to see the Great Eastern, her husband having in the meantime gone nat to a dinner-party. When the servants returned home at night they found their mistrese alive, but in a comatose state, and although medical aid was promptly procured, the unfortunate lady died in the counrse of the night. The medical. men not being able satisfactorily to account for the death of Mrs. Brown, a po~e morte exasmination was made by Dr. Edwards, and the intestines were ftubil saturated with laudanum. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased died.from the effects of opiem carelessly dispensed by Edward Pearson, the chemist who supplied the medicine. Woor,-oaowos t I Ara?arlA.-Accounte from Medeah, in Algeria, state that sheep shearing has been concluded in the best possible condition. Thie greatest pains hanve been taken for some years past to improve the quality of the wool; 7000 rams and 80,000 ewes have been devoted to the butcher in consequence of the inferiority of their wool, and 510 thorough-hredmerino ramshave been purchased by the natives. CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY Is SOUTS Axesarca.-T'lhe following are some of the articles of a treaty which has just been concluded between Plus 11. and Gabriel Garcia Moreno, President of the Republic of Equador (South Amercis). This piece, published lately by French Ultramontane papers, is really a curiosity:--"1. The Roman Catholio and Apostolio religion is the religion of the Republic of Equador.. Consequently, the exercise of any other worship, or the existence of any society condemned by the Church, will not be permitted by the Republic. 2. The education of the young in all tublic and private schools shall be entirely con. formed to the doctrines of the fRoman] Catholic religion. The teachers, the books, the instruction imparted, &c.;, &c.; [the provisions are given in a very condensed form], shall be submitted to the decision of the bishops. 3. Government will give its powerful patronage and its support to the hishops in their resistance to the evil designs of wicked persons, &c.; 4\. All matrimonial causes, end all those which concern the faith, the sacra meats, the public morals, &c.;, are placed nader the sole iuriediction of the ecclesiostical tribunals, and the civil magistrates shall be charged to carry them intoexecution. The priests shall confine themselves to consulting the lay judges, if they think proper to do so. 5. The privileges of churches jthe ancient right of asylum in consecrated buildings] shall be fully respected. 6. Tithes shall be punctually paid, cc." Such is the treaty which Cardinal Antonelli negotiated in the Pope's name, in April last. with Signor Gabriel Garcia Moreno, and which has been published by El Nocional, the official journal of Equador. IREADFUL STEAM.BObT CATABTBnPRB IN .tME ncoa.-The steamer RItuth, Captain Pegram, bound for Helena, left Cairo on the Mississippi on the evening of the 4th instant, having on board 100 head of fat cattle, for the use of the Federal army, 1822 mules. and 2,600,000 dols. for the payment of General Grant's forces. About an hour after the vessel started a fire was discovered near the stern, and in a short time the flames had got theaomplete mastery.. The flames cracked anl sprcmi, cattle and mules broke loose and jumped overboard, or soorted frantically about, rendered insane by flames and heat. Some passengers jumped over. hoard. Soon the wreck sank, and her seethingfl ree were quenched in deep waters. Altogether there were about thirty lives lost. T'Ihere were about two hundred persons on board in all. Meagber has written an address to Waterford, thanking the inhabitants of that city for the enthu siastic manner in which they received his wife, who is a native of Australia. He says-" For what you said and did in my regard, I heartily thank you. Fr what you said and did in regard of her, whom I love.to see honoured above myself, I know not how to thank you. She has come from one of the farthest islands which throw their coral reaefs, and the shadow of their palm and pine trees, upon the sands and solitudes of the South Sea. From the hour in which she had looked for the last time .onposthe osa that ahiesin the clear sky above her father's roof, many nights had gone down over the deep, before she stood amongst those who had known her husbarid from his cradle. She approached you with the timid footsteps of a stranger. You went out to ineet her: and you welcomed her; ando you made her feel at home, as a favourrite daughter of the aged city. Fitting recompense for her, who, in the depth of the forest-b) the still shore of a lake where the wild swau and diamond snake were seldom scared, and the echoes in the circling moun tains never woke--strewed the hearth of the soll tary one with sweet herbs, and shed, as though it were from a jewelled lamp, gleams of gladness on the detolation I" " TooeLINo THE LAssEs."-The Court of Session at Edinburgh has been lately "seised," if that be the proper term in Scotch law, of a case throwing some curious lighton the morals and manners which appear to prevail in the provincial districts of Scot land. A young lady, thirty years of age, the daughter ofa respectable medical man at Strathaven, ' pursued" one Mr. Thomas Tennent, a banker, iroumonger, and inerchant, insurance agent, and landed proprietor, of the same town, for seduction and breach of promise of marriage, laying the damages at £2000. The young lady had given birth to aehild, whose paternity the "defender" did not absolutely deny, but he offered to provide for the infantifit were sworn to him. A number of credi ble.witnesses, suoh as clergymen, lawyers, bank agents, and seoboolmistretises, deposed to the re spectable character of the girl before she became a mother; and it is not, we believe, uncommon even in Scotland for young women to be chaste up to the time of being seduced. On the other hand, Mr. Tennent denied that he had ever promised the "pursuer" marriage, altbhoungh he coolly admitted that he had vPited her in a stealthy.manner, and had carried on an illicit .intrigue with her. This led up to an astonoding series of revelatiods as to the custom of ' toozling" prevalent at Strathaven. The " pursuer" acknoowledged having received visits from Mr. Tennent, and having eonsented to k good deal oficissing and other ultra.Arcadian endear ments,· but purely in the way of" 'diversion."' The daughter of the postmaster of the town then gave a remarkable description of the" ftooling" carried on at the post-o4fGce. The lettera,, it appears, were habitually sorted in the kitchen, and a umber of girls an4 mep-the ." pursuer'" and Mr. Tennent among the, number-used to resort to this under= ground trystlng-place for the purpose of " diversion," consisting in hugging, kissing, sitting on each other's knees, struggling, aad.similar clspperclawing.' Oc casionally there wsas an adjournment upstAi; where moah;" tumbling"t-alwaye with'an eye toinnoeenst "diversiono'-took place. The scene of high tamps exceeds anything that the colder English imagina tion could depict without aid from 'tbse. ghost of Burnms or anythblg:that omid be sdcially.tolerated south of " moral Scotland." The fair "pursner" confessed that on' one occasion a jumber of girls and men were" rolling about together" on. the kitchen floor; and added with much aisrets, that it was "' thecustom of the place." The postmaster's daughter said that she had seen plenty of girls iii Strathaveon kissed, and "toosled," and that " it did not hurt their character," even when, a soemetimes happened, the gas was put out. The judgp, Lord Barcaple, seemed extreme!y shocked at the notion of the "toozling" in the kitchen, and the subse quent adjournmente; but the jury by their veidict, seemed to accept the doctrine that " tootling" was subestntially innocent, and that the man whio would take advantage of his " toosliog" privileges for the purpose of seduction was noworthy of the name of a North Briton. Atny rate, they east Mr. Thomas Tennent, banker, ironmonger, &e.;, in one thousand pounds damages. The, decision, was, we learn, re ceiyed with applause by a crowded Court; and we have no doubt that the portion of the auditory that belonged to Strathaven .took the first train back to that most pastoral market town to announce a result' so conservative'of tootling" as a local institutiori. In the abstract, we have not one word to soy against this practice, which seems very much akin to the old Welsh fashion of "bundling," and somewhat analpgous to a seage which is slowly dying out in Brittany. It may be the "custom of tlie country" and for a moet vivid description of enerey with which a similar amusement can be defended we refer our readers to a certain play by Beaumont and Fletcher; only we thought that "costoms" of this kind were, ifaot extinct, at eaet more honoured in the brench thban in the obaervance. When' the great and good Dr. Dbddridge was a young man, he tells us in his correspondence, a favourite roinping game in respectable families was to spread a sheet on the astairs, on which a number of young' adiet seated themselves. The:young gentlemen then took hold of the lower cornets of the sheet; and, drgging it? down, the young ladies fell, naturally, in'a heap, and a grand battle royal of the frolic ensded. .This was a very nice game, and a merrj one, and nioral, no doubt, so far as it went; but oe are inclined to doubt whether even Dr. Coumming or Mr. Sporgeon would approve of it in well-regulated circles of the present day. We repeat, however, that wehave no wish, abstractedly, to interfere with the 8cotchi "toocling.". To go to kirk .thrice a day, to swill "whisky" between .whiles, to shut up the Botanic Gardens, and to "toosle" vehemently after evening 'prayers, may all blb part of the perfervid genius of the Scotoh; bnly, looking at the matter in the con. crete, and reasoning a little by analogy~ we are' in cliaed to apprehend that a tod devotional induilgence in "tooslinog" may have serious effrts e n the na. tional statistics. How much of this graceful pre ponderaatce of the " unco guid'" Scotland in.the scale of illegitimate births Jo due to this tilverion we cannot bsoelutely say; 'bat we may reasonably supposethat one of. the chief esusee is to be found in such scenes as thesaturnalia of the postmaster's kitchen in Sicthaven.--Daiy 2Ilegraph. The grand banquet given by the Masonib body to his Grace thesuke of.Leinster, in commemora tion of. the fiftieth anniversary of his OGraee's else. tion to the Grand Mastership of the Order, took place on Wednesday evening, 24th June; 1863, in the Ancient Concerts Hall, and was accompanied by every circumstance which could contribute to the succeas or enhance the edlel of a demonstration probably uneaualled in this country in the amount of interest which it created, not alone amongst the members of the Masonic body, hut on tbhe part of the public generally. The circumstance which the banquet was designed to commemorate, hisGraee's completion of half a century of his Grand Master ship of the Order, is an event, we believe, unprece-. dented in the annals, of Masonry, and members of the" craft" in every part of .reland, with many from England and Scotland, were anxious to testify their loyalty and attachment to one 'who has so nobly carried the banner of Masonry through good and evil reportand who, by his influence and example has materially contributed to the high posi tion which the Order now holds, and the respect with which it is regarded in every quartor of the globe. His Graet haviug been installed as Grand Master on St. John's day, thebs 24th June, 1813, the anniversary of that day was selected as the most fitting occasion on which to pay the well-deserved compliment of a public banquet to his Grace, in teetimony of the respect in which he is deservedly held by the Masonic body. and no exertion or cx pense was spared to render the demonstration one worthy alike of the noble and distioguished guest, the brilliant company by which it was attended, or the preslge of the Order in this country.-Dublin Woarer. RaLW±ars.-A new economic permanent way, designed by Mr. G. F. Griffin. is attracting attention ip the British railway world. The sleepers aret made of corrngsted cast iron, and the cost per mile is slatedl at £t,245, agaiust £L,806, or £1,844, under theexisting systems. 