LATEST NEWS, MELBOUfiNB. SATUHDAT EVENING. Then? —Y~. V no j export ,----—• entrie* for gold pMSfap* Port of Melbourne during the . os/,i/i/Tt:„„.„ ...jr »t the wag [ ro! ." H m f $ t f f ^ f . ^ 5 0 0 195 ^ ^ i f"?' • , .. IJue,ne8 > . qmet. A* yet English advices have hid little effect upon ]>nces. but the shipments generally r.-ported thia month are so large that prices oro likely to fall. Tobacco and kerosene arc fomewbai firmer, and expected to rise. ' There were co aalea by auciioc to-day of am importance. tKLEtSB A I'll 10 INTELLIGENCE. O'EII «BEVII,LE4 ainn. uuir.N'S A.0E5TA.) SYDNEY, lii ihe Aaaenblv last night, a resolution wits adopted to tlie effect that it is the duty of the Government to afford every at^iftaace in their power to our skter colony. New Zealand, in her troubled state. UiH-kliampton adviccs do not confirm the reported diworerr of a goldfirid. ADELAIDE. In nferencc to the sale of Beeby and ^ Dunstan'e flour reported to have taken pla«> in Mtlbourue yrsteriav, it ia stated ' liere that it must have 1H eu old flour. Me»'». Beebr and Dunitao'* Adelaide price is £14. and thev have not shipped ' » n . v ,|" ^ » l ; .. , , „ ! Tbc ,U u allVil fur Me5bourue S ; *P m ' A rather singular asm was witnessed in the mam street of Majorca, one day last week. Two rival gohl brokers, carrying on business at no great distance apart, bad heard curiuus ruiuoprs respecting each other, in fttl, one of litem, A, It is said.lu i, bad been endeavoring to induce - - the - curtit* to r«retta4e their customers to briig all tl him, and be would aUow a eonmii«irm pence per ounce oa all pnrfhsses so mads.' B having beard this, immediately announced that he woatd givr £3 19s 6d tor the J?JM (an advance of C i j*r ounce on tlw rosrket rate) Not to lie out done, A offend tt it* tl* same. Fiudiut; ho* mattiTS were gulng. B thought, in the jdrtjtftuA' of his wisdom, that it would be bettor to arrange matters, and with this view, pii lariaitto A. Atttr some remarks about things in gtiiiril, tbe subject i matter of the visit was brousht forward, when aj t»th« ttgry-J^on ensued m the wluch, B called A "a gentleman," Upon wlllch A delivered a right lander on the as frcmti,, drawing •c.piifljs Hstreams , of "dam," " and ,„/ causing, what -klf i surgeons term, extmvssatmt of bbod afronnd the eyes. B made bis exit quickly, after having his wounds washed by the good Udy of the bouse. It B said an actios for assault will soon be brought In our Police Court, when the new Court -bouae is completed. Two prospecting daitits have been registered during tlie last week, for new *!lt;via! workings. Tlie first being situate ia a flat near tbe telegraph line, fiotu lUveiix-k to Cariabtook ; the sinking Is quite Aallow, with a rousideraUe thickness of washdirt, averaging sl*>ui } dwt. to tbe tub; and as the country tUwO out is entirelv unpruspee^ed, there is every prubaMiity of an t siensivc dtaeovay of atirifereus ground. H*e u idemtand tliat aorge parties have been engaged in prospecting In this locality tor aonie Unie past, asdas tlw apprarsnce 1 ol tbe country is decidedly gald-hcwing. consisting of many — promising gnlliw. " and " made bills "" tending tbe entire way from (irisbtook to the Bet Bet, some important ditcovmes may be expected. The aecood prospeeting tMm it situated In Caledoniati gully, near tbe Alma, ami the ground, though poor, Is extensive, and] likely to tarn out pretty well. The prospect ob- i uuned is something ova 3dwt, to tbc load,and the { depth of sinking about fifteen feet. The inuumerable gulliai ninmiig wto the Alma Uwd, feqoire bat a moderate amount of prospecting lo develo their rkiies, sod the Urge ares <' to prospectors under tbe existing square) should be an inducement prise in that direction. Tlie puddlers cm the Main and BUckroan's Leads have now a plentiful supply of water, and are ap- parently doing toy wejlj at Jess! we may assume utlginL a jipearaoce exhibited by ibis class of raiotTS in tbetr Weekly visiu to Maryborough. Tbe works of the Magnum Bouum Compaa/, Chinaman's Hat, are for the pisseut sui|)W>>so, tbc sliattltoldcrs bdtig in doubl as to theexpedieucr working tbe graaad, la the present unsafe <sjndJtion of tbe cbatt. Jt Is propostd to twll for tenders for tlie nrcf srsry repairs, and then pmeeed wlth tbs lull strength of the company, tp opeo tks gnwnt It may be remembered that this shaft was bottomed about a month ago, and a favorable prospect obtained from a ray wgh oftha twttsm. Tlie crushing macliine of the SM&tat; Company, •t Chinaman's Plat continues fiillv emidoyed, tlie yield fhim the various rrofs. ln tlie toeu^r has however, been scarcely up to tlie average of lste. A lot of about WO tons flwm ridge's claim, on tbe North British (decidedly tlie best - ia now going through tlie mill, and espscted to yield very Isirly. The allttvlal rush low«r dovu tbe flat, bas settled down into a quiet but good patch, paying wdl in a few claims, and keeping up die sjiirits of those who appear to be on tbe continuation of the run. A few duffers, on tlie wrong line of course, drove most of tbe shepherds away, but those who have remained, ara confident that they will be remunerated tor their time and labour. A meeting of the Talbot Amateur Dramatic Ch»b was held at Meriton's Imperial Hotel, on last Friday evening. Mr. George Mcriton tendered bis resignation aa President of tbs Club, which was accepted, and a vote of thanks was passed to him for tbe lively Interest he always manlfcsted.and the muny sacrifices which lie made Aw ibti bcscAt of die dub. Mr. Scth Norrls was circled Presidwit, Mr. G. Meriton, Treasurer, and Mr. T. P, Cross, Hon. Bee. Master Harrison was appointed wardrobe keeiKa-, to be remunerated 11^ i)imt of 41 on the oceasioo of each peribrmancc, and sucb other muuuemtlon as the Clnb might determine upon from time to tiro. A sub-committee was appointed for tbe purpose of drawing Up a code of by-laws for tlie luture guidance of the Clab. Wo understand that tbs next performance vfll be for tlie benefit of tbc dab, lo enable tltem to liquidate sorar SiabUitk'S incurred!" ommrelkm witl' rcci'Hl jurldrnmnri s.AND forUIA purcimw; of l«»FCI b» come additioni U» the wtirtlrobc. 1ti« ]!iweJ to Inplaved Itavc not jet been adectrd, but we nm}' «»t« tlm't tli« con(t'tniil»i«J fierformiiice *il! !'!««• in about aw Iriitti the present time, and i tlist tlieClu'i wiwct to l«ve abnmptr lu.««fon the ; occasion. ., , ,,.,„„ ,.,,:,.„,..„„ _i 1Q wa. i £ killed ¥ " ' by - the caving twvisn Jyoad, on 'iliursday nuirniiig «„,, oner i abotit Imon h»rf wofV, fltHestedon Batur . ; T ... . , J h, I],. ITnlinl Kl»tI'J dai nwrninp, and remtiTed to the United State* Hotel, where an inquest rat hdd on the afternoon of Saturday, by Dr. l)nw, the District Coroner. A verdirt of "Accidental death," was returned br tbe Jury, In accordance with the evidence adduce!. The poor fellow lived JVom a quatir put ten n the morning, till past four in the afternoon, though there was about sis feet ol clay over him, during which time the agonising crics of poor John were truly pitiable. A pmy of four Kuropcatis undertookthe task Of digging outthe bo^v, fer whld, tltey weM paid £ 11 & fl*frieod.of th« dec«scd, and a sum of ten shilling*, for carrying the body to tbe United State. Hold. A smaU mar®B» was quickly erected by the Chinamen, and thy waked tke rew»h« of tbe ill-fintcd Ah I'oag, with becoming pomp and respect, no leu tban a hundred iSilibHiig placed sroutid the bier, and a roajnifltSit suit of Clilnew silk laid at the head o< the doceased, to be worn, it ia supposed, oa Us entrance to tlie fieldi of i lysiuni. An exhibition of sti entirely novel character in this district, is now opened at Ihinolly, ia the shape of " The Bearded Lady," and many other attrac- tions. From what we have seen respecting this exhibition elsewhere, wc csn confidently recommend a visit by thoac who are fond of interesting natural curiosities, and who seek to derive instruction and amusement therefrom. Tbc Houses of Parliament were prorogued on Friday last, by the pew Governor, Sir Charles Darting, in the Hall of the Legislative CoUndl, Until tlie ISA of October, The ooeaiioti tow together a Urge crowd of spectators, among whom tbc isdie* shone conspicuously and gracrfully. The HeroUoT Saturday gin's a very neat account of tlie aCair. which we regret we have not space to quote. It affords us much pliwtore to learn from Kt. Aroaud, that a body of gentlemen have met there to devise appropriate means of recognising tlie valuable services rendered to that town and district by Mr. P. A. Jennings, who It about laving thence for Deniliquin in pursuit of a new occupation. We believe Tuesday, the S2od instant, is named for a dinner to be given to Mr. Jenningi, aed an?assured that but one feeling Mists In the locality to which he has rvudertd audi essential service; and that is, a combination of regret at his departure, and hope for his future prosperity. On Saturday evening there was a good attendance at tbe Golden Age Mall, to witness the entertainment, under the talented management of Mr. L Braltam. A new nigger In riesque, called •' Spirit Ita;.ping," with a ghost cflcet, was produced, and elicited hearty applause. The pianoforte plsyiug ot Mr. Beard farms an attraction of itself. Saturday was one of the busiest days Maryborough bas teen ft* a long time. The weather was beautifully fine,and there was a large in&ox; ol misers from tlie outlying districts into tlie town -, accompanied, we ore happy to observe in many instances, by blooming matrons^ with rosy and cbubbv responsibilities, destined in future yinrt to make this colony the smiling, thriving country it ought to be. People talk of the "old days of snccess," but we iofinittly prifer tlie saislhly soi-ial appMrance of Saturday's visitors, to alt the wild incitement of suddenly acquired gain In what are railed the good times " 