BJÏANIO GABDBNB -The band of the Volunteer BifleB will perform at S o'olook (weather permitting). Pro. grammo,:-Overture, "Graf Essex," Mercadonte; seleotian, " Ii Trovo toro," Verdi ; waltz, " Dew Drop," Tattoo; quadrille,"I Puritaoi," Tinney; galop, " Com- memoration," Gillen ; "God Save the Queen. Director j Douglas Gallon. D-flniOBG or Mn. BEIFP.-An interesting demon- stration took place yesterday afternoon on tbo City of Melbourne, ttsomer, the O'oiaion being the departure for Melbourne of Mr. A. Be i IT, the talented ex.oondnotor of the LyBter Opera Troupe. Mr. Beiff loaves Australia for Europe by the next mall, and purposes visiting the capitals of that quarter of the world before returning to bia native oily of Mew York. It is, however, very generally hoped that Mr. Beiff may be induoed at a fu- tura period-after arranging family affairs-to return to Australia and sattle in Sydney, where the residence of ao accomplished a mualolan-in practice, theory, and composition-cannot fail to be of great valre. A large number of Mr. Beiff'» personal friends, inoluding tbe prinoipol members of the Opua Company, were on the steamboat to bid adieu to Mr. B9iff, and as the vessel left the whirf gave him three besrty obeors, tbe ire.' mory o( wbiob will no doubt be a pleasing reaolleotlon, and will oooompaoy bim on hie long voyoge. A Misaa.-Mr, Bobbins, city misBi-nary, reported to the Mayor on Thursday, that a man, named William Witlington, waa living in a state of extreme destitution end wretchedness, in a hovel in Cambridge* Btreet. The Mayor Bent the Inspector of NnlsanoeB to ooaompany Mr. Robbins to the plaoe, where tbey foand Witting'on in a most filthy state. It was evident that bo hud not moved from tbe same plaoe for a long period. Upon inquiry It was ascertained tbat he had £200 in tbe bank, and on being taken to tbe Infirmary; a largo sum of money .tied np in rags was found upon his per- son i MAP off BRISBANE, QUEEN-LAND.-Wo have had Bob milted ti OB for'inspection, an admirably executed map of Brlibane, whioh osttninly, vio-iog it altogether, dons lofinite oredit to each one who tins been engaged in tbe preparation of it. It has boen photographed by T, Ham and Co., and published by 3. W. Buxton, of Bris- bane. As a work of ort ii speaks well for tbo advance mont of tbot oity . Every street ond o'jeot of interest is clearly indioated, and much otra evidently bas been taken to male tha map most complete es an available reference. In foot, it is a petfeot directory, for on tho faae of it is shown tbe situation of the principal putllo «nd Government offices, banks, business establishments, Se'. Not only must the map be useful to thoroeidtnts of tbo oi'y described, but wonld prove valuable to persons In Sydney, who may bave business transeotionB witb Brisbane. Mr. Jobn Sands, the bookieller, has a few of these maps for sale. PRING- Off WAXES OPGBA HOUSE,-Thia , evening Mr. Josnpb Jefferson will again appear in hie great choraotor of A ja Trenabard, in " Oar Americio Cousin." Daring tbo past three nigbts in whioh this pieoe has been performed, tho audience was fully elive lo the merita and the claims of thia distinguished actor (suppôt tod as bo was BO ably by the powerfal company of the estab- lishment, Miss A. M. Quinn, Mrs. OrOBby, Mr. Fr, d. Yoange, and Mr. G. H. ¿tigers especially), who must be regarded as one of the vety best personatorB of American oharaotera on tho stage. If loud, frequent, and general applause is to be ta'ren as proof of saaoesp. Mr, jefferson bas oïcry reasons to be proud of b'a ptrform nnoea during the week J.st ended; and we believe tbe praise whioh was given was merit id in an eminent degree. Mina Quinn docs every justice to the part of Mary Meredith, good Mr. Fred. Voange, on Lord Dan. dreary, and Mr, Bogers, DB Binnie, aro tzdellcnt; wl>ile the other oharaeteta are cleverly personated. To-night, in addition to the attractive performance we allude to, will be added a new faror, entitled a " Begular Fix," in whioh Mr, Jefferson willalo appear. Mummil, -On Monday Lawronco Cummins wat brongbt up in tbe gaol on remand, beforo the police, magistrate, charged with the murder of bis brotbtr, Jobn Cummins. One further witness was examined end prl«oner «na reminded to Filásy.-ffoaÜitro Herald, Sptembcr 10, COBOSEU'S (jtqrjinv,-An irqoiry oono°rning the dra h of a man aged -7 years, named David Bower, late ali» officer of tbo brig Maria,' was commenced yesterday morning before the City Coroner, at the Baker's Armt-, Cambcti rd «tree!, and adjourned until t vday. ACCEPTED TEhCErs.-Tbe undermentioned tender« hove betn accepted by the Government;-A, and B, A, Pal ock, «apply of split sleepers for the Windsor and Blcbmond railway; Andrew _I'C«aley-Construction of | a pant for the Darling Biver^at Fort Bsurke, FIBF. ALARU BELL.-Tbe oomm ttee of the Sydney Volunteer Fire Company, No. 3, bsve obtained, through the kindness and consent of the Rev. Canon Allwood, and church wardens of St: Jamea' Obnrob, the nee til one of the Ciinroh bells to sound the alarm in all o=8ea of actual fire in or abont the city of Sydney. Tbe de- partment of police have agreed to ocmply witb the re- quest of the committee in issuing instructions to tbe rffloers and men to give the alarm to Mr. M'Oibe, re. siding at the soSool-room, near the ohurob, who will im. mediately ring the bill. MB. BIRCH'S HOLIDAY Titip.-On Saturday laBt IS'. Bireb gave a great treat to eevaral hundred juveniles, the pupila of varions ohsrity soboola, who w re admit- ted to his a Jmirsble entertainment at a nominal ohsrga, and accompanied him, in bia tour, through the ohief towns and beautiful Boonery of Europe. And, in con sequenos of the number who were unable to obtain admUaion on that roeasion, Mr. Birob bas de ter mini d to devote one of his (entertainments to-day to tie same kind purpose. This will, andoabtedly, meet with a due appréciation from the publie, and the otber exhi- bition of tbe arti.tiadiorama will be equally well attended. VicxoaiA THEATRE -The new drama of " Anrora Floyd ' has betn very grottly admired. The pieoe ia «eil cast, and ia pruned of all unnecessary dialogar», so as to render the aotion conoiae and interesting. "The Softly" of Mr. Musgrave is a very remarkable perfor- mance, and deserves a longer notioe iban onr p-esent space permits, Mrs. Charles Poole, too, gives a ve y finished delineation of the patt of Aurora Mellish, nee Floyd. Mr. Burford, however, quite misconceives the character of quiet John Mellish. The play has to be withdrawn far tbe present, OB this evening will be pro- duced Sbakspeare'e tragedy of " Meobetb ;" in it the new Ghost IllaBionB will be exhibited in their most extra* ordicery phases-the ghost of Banquo, the line of klnitP, and the numeróos apparitions with wbioh the play aboundp, will be vividly represented by this scieutiflo disaovery, Locke's music ti the tragedy «ill be giver, tbe part of Hecate to be sastaiaed by Madame Sata Flower, who has been engaged specially for these perfor- mances. MUNIOIPALITS OF WATERLOO-The usual for'nigbtly meeting ol the connell WBB bald on Saturday last, at half-past 3 o'olook, p.m. Présent-the ohojrmin (Mr. William Bryant), Messrs. Steward, William Moon, Powell, Sparks, Wilson, Oates, and West, The minuteB of tho previous meeting vere read and confirmed. Cor- respondence.-A letter WBB read from six ratepayers of Botany-road, asking the connoil to form and kerb a foot- path on the weBt Bide from Baglac-itreet in a northerly dlreo'ion, about 300 feet. Mr. William Moon then moved-That the foctbpath be fot me d ' in accordance with tbe «lah expressed in the letter. Mr. Steward a^oonded the motitr». Mr. West moved as an amendment-That the letter be referred to the improvement oommittee for their con. Bideration and report. Mr. Sparkes seconded the amend* ment, wbioh waa oarti' d by the eastia ; veto cf the chair* min. A letter wes BIBO read from Mr. T. Prendergast, stating that he had been eppointed poundkeeper at Waterloo, and asking the oía noil to famish him with a board with tbe (cale of fees printed thereon, to embie bim to at onoe oommenoe Ms duties. Mr. West moved That this matter be left in the bands of t' e chairman. Mr, OfcteB seconded the motion. Carried. A letter was also read from S. O. Brown, Esq., stating that the outting at the eley hole in Baglan-street WBB doing serions damage to the property of Mr. E. Byrne, and requesting tbe oouooil to discontinue the samp. Tee oounoil olerk waa direoted to commnnioate witb Mr. Brown on tbe subject. Mr. Steward presented a petition frcm a oertain number of residents of Pitt street, aalling attention to the de. lapidated state of the footpaths, and moved that it be re- ceived. Mr. William Moon scoonded the motion. Carried. Mr. Wilson (in the abse oa of the obairmsn of the improver*ent oommittee) presented a report adopted by that oommittee, recommending-1. T-atjESO be added tt> an amonnt of £30, prov oualy voted for the purpose of completing osrtaln works at Sparkes' Creek. 3\. That the oontraotor be paid _i. per load for deliverlrg bal aat at the same plaoe. Be moved that ¿tbo rr pott be received end adopted. Mr, Oates seconded the motion. Carried. The cbniimin, as obairman of tie by-law oommittee, presonted a report adopted by that oommittee, reoommending that the following by-law be added to tboso already framed by the Council in aooordanoe with the wish of the Honorable the Attorney. Gere'al, vie-, 1\. The coats and charges inonrred, and to bo made for rates under and by virtue of tbe provisions of tbe Municipalities Act pf 1858, shall be as Bet out at tte foot of the Bohodule hereunto annexed. Schedule of oosts, for warrant of distress Is., for levy 2s., for man in possession eaoh day or part of a day 6». ; for inventory, sale,- commission, and delivery of goodB not exceeding two shillings in the pound on the nett proceeds of tbe sale, Mr. Wilson moved-That the report be rcoeived a_d adopted. Mr. William Moon aeoonded tbe motion. Carried. Mr. Powell moved-That tbe council do now odjenrn. Mr. Sparkes seconded the motion, whloh was negatived. Mr. S eward moved-That pablio notioe be given to tbe rate- payers, that the eouneil olerk is the only perBon authorised to reoeive rates for the municipality. Mr. William Moon aeoonded tbe motion. Carried. Mr. Steward moved-That all the plans out oa loan ha at onoe returned to the eounoil olerk. Mr. Powell seconded the motion. Caused. Sundry aooonnlB, amounting to £73 13s, Od,, were passed and ordired to be paid. Mr. William Moon moved-That the 8 im of £60 be expended for kerbing and forming the footpaths on the east and WBBI aides of Pitt-street, from Baglan street to Buokland-atreet. Mr, Sparkes seaondad the motion. Mr. West moved aB on amendment-That a Bom of £35 be expended in kciblng ena lorraing tne looipaio on me wear s from Baglan-atreet to Bnokland-street. Mr. Wilson seconded tbe amendment, wbioh was carried by the cast- ing vote of the chairman. On the original motion being pot, Mr. Steward called for a division. The connoll divided accordingly t-For tbe original motion : Messrs. William Moan, Steward, Powell, and Sparkes ; Bgalnit it, Messrs, Wilson, Oates, and West. The original motion was therefore carried. Mr. Steward movod-That linders be called for filling up the cloy bole in Ilaglnn-street. Mr. William Mocn secondod the motion, which waa negatived. Mr. Wilsen moved That ¿00 be rip ndod in Wyndem-atrect sooth, In forming, kerbing, »ni making tho footpaths. Mr. William Moon seoondod the motion. Cirriod, Mr. Wilson moved-That tenders be called for the works required to be dono in Pitt end Wyndham streets. Mr. Sparkes seoonded the motion. Carried. Mr. Oites mcViid-That the obairman be requested to IsBue a distress warrant to reoover the arrears of rates doe to this connoll on Mr. William Moon's properly. Mr. Sparkes seoonded the motion. Mr. Steward moved as en amendment-That this motion be net onterteined by the oounoil. Mr. Powell seoonded the* amendment, which was carried, and tho counoil then ndjournod until Saturday, the 2tltb ina'nnt. THE HOWSON FAMILY.-The lovers of high o'oss musió who were absent from tbe Howson»' Conoert lust night, mi<-Bed an unquestionably rate intellectual ptr formsnop. Musical talent hoa been always so fully re oogniscd here-indeed, sometimes before professional ability of anathtr and perhaps equally high order, that wo fully axpeatcd to find Ibu Meábanlas' Ball last night crowded. It would appear, however, that it is a dinger, ouB experiment for any professional company, bo tceir tnleut ever BO great, to venture oa an appearance in Geelong without previously furnishing some fort of guarantee that they oro ali that they represent them selvea to be. In the present inttance the public are the snffurers by tbeir extreme oautinn, as wol qp the How sons who, unfortunately for thomselveB, oamo hore uti agoRoled, unpuffed, and then-fore minns tuj indispen- sable passport to publia favour. Porhaiis, also, the ft at that Isat night waa the eve of rcall-r'ay had tomttbicg to do with tbe paucity of attendance. Tho Howson troupe aro reilly talented ; they have met with unmerited m g. loot, and wa wonld fain hope that, oven at s:me risk, they may be tempted to repeat their laBt night's pro- gramme, Wa ure hound, howover, to add, with tbo"old ltoman actor 'Tia slippery ground, boworo you koop your foot, For pabilo ravoar la a publlo oboat." Abounding as did the programmo in all the ohoiosst gera8 of opoiatlo melody, It would bo «tiflloult indoed to select ono of thom which in point of exeoatioa was more abor* mingly rendered than the other. Misa delia Howson. the youngest of the two ladies, is a moat accomplished instrumentalist. She hiB, moreover, a peculiarly riob voice, and in the orla " Alas ihosB obaim»," from Mar!» tana, the effeot was exquisitely Ibrllllnr. Miss Emma Howson was equally tff.otive in the cavatina from Lur- line, " Flow on, thoa silver Rhino." She has o splendid voloa-fall mi rich in tone, and every note fell upon tho ear distinct both in melody and meaning. The brothers oro no less talented na iostrrmsiitalists and ningerp,vond it in no exaggeration to say that it would bo (iKBcult to find mi) where n mora generally noacm plinliod company than the Uortsotif.-Geelong dd-er- aser, August 30. t 