T HE A TRICAIS, &c; ?. ? KO YAL. VICTORIA.: ' Tho ,production of an original -play poasc3sing\sany I rriorit at all, is iu itself an ovont of no slight interest to,a I comparatively young-literary and- dramatio community like ours, which has boon-accustomed,, especially 'in the latter dopavtmont, to dopend almost entirely on "home produce for publie amusomont ¡ oónseqnonÜy, a piece ; possessing real, sound, substantial literary..merit, and I entitled to take ploco nmóng tho higher próduotiohs bf modern outhororoft, is worthy of moro special record than is usually nocorded to the more ephemeral class of I original productions which have ns yet boon ofFerod. to " tho playgoers of the city." These remarks aro true, of Mr Edward Eeovoa's play of "Raymond, tho',Bord of Milan," produced nt tho above establishment on Monday i night, which displays an amount of pqetio.inspirntion, ' blended with dramatio power and acumen, in tho highest I dogroo creditable to the bruin that conceived it, and to. ' tho colony thnt gavo it birth. Tho dialogue is through I out rofinod, elegant, and expressive, and very frequently Boars into grcatnoss, while ^tho incidonts aro skilfully arranged for ..dramatic- effect; and, if in the practical I working of the latter, an occasional betrayal of inoxpo I rionoo in tho stage machinery is ovidont, it only makes tho author's intrinsio morit moré apparent by reminding . tlin audience that it is not tho work of a nraotised dramatist they nro witnessing, and which otherwise they .might oasHy forgot. Tho acting of nil concerned was iii porfect keeping with the excellence of tho' ploy j' but wo could not help regretting that tho arduous oxortions of Mosers Warner, Burford, Apploton, Musgrave, and Mrs Poolo, upon whom tho weight of tho piece rested should to Bonni extont bo marred by tho inattention and moat ill-placed lovity of certain underlings, " capable for tho most part of nothing but , inexplicable dumb show and noise :" but that thoy bolong.to the (so-called) jo/? BOX, " wo would have them-whipped for out-heroding Herod;' and pray in future they will avoid it." On Thursday night, anotlior speoimen of " Colonial produce" in tho ehapo of an .adaptat ion, by John Bryan, Esq., of Miss Brad-., don's novel, " Aurora Eloyd" was received with great applause, and fully deserved it. The inoidonts have boon most judiciously compressed without' destroying .-: tho entirety of ^ the plot, while tluj^jmosjL^y^cii'rfl "fanieur" - "Mrs Poole's personation, of' tho. heroin». , -. Was ..deserving of tho. highest'encomium-hör scone" with Oonyers and one.of passionate appeal to her; husband being espeoially noticeable; Wo never saw Mr" Appleton to greater advantage os a genuino artiste titan in his conception of tho part of Conyers- it ia à oom-, ploto illustration of the chnraotor. Mr BurfordJ.was frank and manly ns ° Mr . Molhuish ; and Mr West' and Mrs McGowan made tho most of Matthew Harrison and - tho loquacious " femme de'chambre." Howard was an amusing realization of "Joumes of Buckley Square,"" and knockod his Ha about with truo " Knee plush ultra" , indiiferonco. Tho chief interest of tho pieco was centred^" however, in tho " Softy," Stephen Hargreaves, who wa» doalt with ia tho most masterly manner by Mr Mus gravo j he invests tho character,;, with a power,'nature, and intensity of tho most unquestionable kind, and has fairly established himself as an artisto of high attainments.. With so much praise, it is unpleasant, to.condemn; but, as murderers aro not generally now.-a-days in tho habit of ohgaging itinerant bands tb play to them whilo execu- ting their monstrosities, we fuol; bound to protes^agàinat . Btioh musical accompaniments to the notion of a drama laid in tho time ofpog-topsnnd crinoline, andnot'intho " good old days of Adam and Evo," red Uro and russet boots. Tho wondorful " Ghost": illusion'continues to walk the night, with undiminished, and,,in fact, increasing suecos», and to-night 'will impart its supernatural aid to tho legi- timate dramas " Macbeth,"; with, all 'its weird' accom- ' paniméhts, being made the modium for tho introduction of no loss than thirteen ghosts, un amount suflloiont to satisfy tho most ardent thirster after spirits.^ Wo wish Mr Tolano that BUCCOSS which his enterprise and laudable anxiety to. foster Coloniul literary talent fully entitle him to. V . PiiorESSOit BnsnEMl.-We are glad to welcome this 1 gentleman back to tho- shores of Australia,' whoro'- he formorly uchiovod BO many- triumphs in.' tho ecientiflo wonders of Electro-Biology. ..After à lbrig and success-, ful career iii " foreign parts,'.' ho' returns litóla "giant ' ' refreshed," and wo hope soon .to . clironiole his^reappoar ance as an illustrator of '-tho-poculiar; marvels^ bf ¡ wldoh ho baa always beon so popular an.èxpohont. \" ¡¡. .. .. . 