1 iliLiMUniili \i\ 1 HjLLililliiitlli VICTORIA. Melbourne, December 12. Kerosine lower. Downers, three four half. Aromatic tobacco, stocks low ; held for advance. Two hundred firkins of butter sold at lOJd. General business limited. The papers contain their 'own correspon dents' ' accounts of the battle of Eangariri, but there is nothing new. Melbourne, December 14. It is blowing a fearful g?le here from west to south-west, and raining heavily. There is no business doing. The heavy gale lasted all Sunday and con tinues to-day with violent rain. Telegraphic messages were not received through till this morning. The pilot boats have been obliged to come in. Serious injury to the crops is anticipated. Business is stagnant. Melbourne December 15. (Received at Adelaide Dec. 16.) The gale continues. The ;Yarra is over its banks. The stores along Flinders-street and fronting river are all flooded. Two thousand (2,000) tons salt in the stores have been destroyed. Great efforts are making to remove the goods and several firms are offering two pounds (£2) per hour for labour. The tide being low, it is expected that the flood will be still greater, and that further de struction of property will be the result. The railway to suburbs has ceased running ; and the approach to town down by Princess Bridge is interrupted. At St. Kilda a house was utterly destroyed. Up the country serious damage has been occasioned to orchards and crops. At Sydney the gale is equally violent, and there is much anticipation of disasters at sea. An eleven have been chosen to play Victoria. The agent for Professor Pepper's Ghost has arrived in Melbourne. The Essex broke away from her moorings, and run stern on to the Alhambra, which received much injury. The Harbor Master says the flood will rise three or four feet yet. He could not land the mails if the steamer was in. The Bombay is at the Heads. Flour rising. Melbourne, December 17. The barometer has risen again. It is station ary at intervals. There has been sunshine during the day. Boats are engaged carrying goods about Flinders and cross streets to Flinders-lane. The river is still rising. The operations of the gas works are stopped. Railway communication between Geelong and Melbourne, to Sandridge and St. Kilda interrupted. The Great Britain landed her passengers at Williamstown. The Cricketers land formally to-morrow. Letters were delivered at 4 o'clock. Business at a standstill. Arrived — Gothenburg, Otago, with 200 pas sengers, and 24,000 ounces of gold. Dates to Deeember 8. 