and gentleman, the other erening, objected to cards with a tody,because, he said, she had 1 winning way" absat her. If a man many a shrew, are we to sappose he U shrewd? Tike Saved,—The wives along the Mississippi never blow up their husbands, they leave it all to the steam-boats, which arc mre to do it sooner or Inter. Mrs Partington says her grandson IVe h*i got a harm so spitituoui that it always goes ofl in a decanter, rorerty ii often despair. A poor fellow wait to hang himself^ bat, finding a pot of gold, went merrily home. But he who bad hidden the pot w^t and bang himHf A Scnsnnc Gbost.—The Polytechnic Initiw - tion, I»ndon, bu a great attraction in a real yiiost fit ri*e< out of the solid floor,sod you might walk right through him, and cut him in two with a iwotd. For tbe right tou»e the ghost in a new pieoe, the managers of one 01 oar theatres has ottered iSOQ. The mods of producing tbe ghost belong* to an ex-civil engineer, named Dicks, who firit broached it at a meeting of the British Astqdatum, in 1858. A couple of Yoriublre grooms ware criticising a picture of lbs death of Abtolom. represented, ax usual, hanging fayhis hair, with ilia mule close by, " 8arve him nght," wa» the smbunatiun of one of the* hippobgitM. -Bat Why?" ssM the other. " Far ridingeach a vicious brute as that with only a snaSs." S rouse » A*aaiou—'Washington D.C. December 1,1SGI. Twatssriymora, wyhoy. The «un nuhed up the eastern sky in a state of patriotic combustion, and at tbe daw ftU upon tbegrauy hill siantbe mouirtaWs ^ifteJ up their beadi and wer* rmthev green. Far on the horizon six rainbow? appeared, with an American Eagle at roost on the top of one, and aa the traoilocent pearl oi the dawn ihont between them, and » amfJl pattern of bine «ky with thirty-four stes broke oat one end, I saw—I behsld—it ee«, it ees:our Ban- ger in the sfcee ft— Orpkeui C. Km Popart. Quiet and secret charities an better than osteatattow. onesi the night dews are more refreshing than the great ihower* of the day. The butler to Lord B ga»e up his place tacaMS his iortlihip's wife wwi wlanre «molding him! "Good ^ratimi!" exclaimed .'himmaaser. " ye're little to complain 0*1 ye may be thankful ye'W no minted to her." A rotnwith one eye laid a wager with another Mftoo that lie (the one-eyed person) saw more San the other. The wager was accepted: " Tou have lost," says the first;"I can see two eyes in your lux, and you can only see one in mine." Advice ii like snow—the softer it falls, the leaser it naudos sad the deeper it sinks, \- " — 1 Is remembers of this sect are called the Baby-jumpers. A Bsocua "Bano-vr" Oosoau.—< A Powder UiU. 