ITEMS RY THE ENGLISH MAIL. A Decree has been published nt Paris for a Uni versal Exhibition of Agricultural nnd Industrial Products, to ho held nt Paris in May, 1SC7. Jefferson Davis has dismi.<fccd the British consul from Richmond. He declares that, while ho will allow the consuls of neutral Powers to rcinnin nt tho ports nnd towns of thu South, ho will not allow them to receive instructions from nmkassndors do- legated to the Xoith. Tho ollicial journnl of Warsaw states that M. Constant!)) Mieewiez. u mnii of noble family, nnd refugee Alexandre Cznrnecko, both chiefs of rebel bands, have been shut nt Siedico, iu pursuance of a sentence of the military tribunal. Afteu a. successful voyngo out nnd homo, tho Great Eastern sailed again for New Yoik on Tues day. It is mentioned as an instance of celerity that this lingo vessel was unloaded and coaled for tho outward voyage in seven days. The Emi'euok of China, wishing to show somo distinction to tho foreigners who helped him in tho hour of need against his rebel subjects, has hnd somo gold and silver mcdnls struck, not unlike tho Crimean nnd Italian incdals. An audacious selzuro has boon made off Chesa peake Ray by a Confederate cruiser. Sins enptured six vessels off tho bay, turning one of them into a privateer. Some war ships havo been sunt in search of her. Thsjib ha.vo been two. accents- crinoline m India, at hyzulnul and Lucknuw. Ac tlio former tho young lady is recovering from severe burning; at thu latter thu girl died from burning. In India crinolino is popular— it is so cool, whilo fires are used only for a few months in the cold season. Rut still there are two victims. Clifton seems, from local statistics, to bo a fumousp!ncc for mntrimony ; for instance, it is said tlmt no less than thirteen fashionablo young ladies, residents of Clifton, aro engaged to be married within tho uuxt six weeks. The Alexandra still remains in tho custody of tlio Custom Houso authorities. The Shipping Gazette says tho vessel will bo dutuincd until tho exceptions taken by tlio Attornoy-Goneral nro dis cussed before the judges in November. The fashionablo danco of Paris is now tho " Mnrcho Cocosse." It is danced backwards, each gentleman holding tho lady boforo him by clasping her round tho waist. \\\ hen well practised it is suid to be highly entertaining; and the Empress ia said to have a peculiar talent fur its execution. Ferocious Attack hy Dogs on a Horse. A groom was riding a valuable nud spirited horse be longing tn Mr. W. J. Jennings, of tho Rristol Road, Birmingham, when thu animal was attacked by throe powerful ninstiffs, a bloodhound, and two other dogs, believed tn belong to a gentleman in tho neighbourhood. Tho animals were supposed to bo in tho charge of a servant in tlio neighbourhood, but ho had lost control over thetn, for they seized upon tlio horse's legs, and struggled fiercely to reach his head and throat, nud also to gut at tho rider. The horse defended himself nobly, standing on his hind legs, striking out right and left with . his furo feet, and knocking over his savage assail ants repeatedly. Tho man's courage and firm seat pnrmtps preserved iiih iiio, tor it lie had been thrown there can he little doubt tlmt tho savage brutes would havo worried him on tho spot. Tho man nt last succeeded in getting the horse away from thu dogs and reaching his master's promise before they could overtake him. although they followed him in " full cry," like a pack of hounds. Tho affair lasted botwoun four and fivo minutes. Tho shouting of tho man, tho violent plunging of the horso, tho savage growl of the dogs, and tho erics of tho iookrr _ on. aroused the residents of tho neighbourhood, who regarded with mingled fear nnd surprise tho extra ordinary scene. The noor horse's lutrs wuri! cnrtlv torn and lacerated. — Oxford Times. 'Ins Giiosr.— I heard only the other day tho story of thu discovery of the manner in which tho " ghost" was produced at tho Polytechnic. Tho proprietors wore no parties to publishing tho explanation, and indeed, discharged some of their servants whom they suspected of having betrayed it. It was dis covered by an ingenious nrtizan in the nudienco, who, suspecting that it wns managed, as it ia, by reflection of nn illuminated figure iu a sheet of com mon glass, feebly illuminated, and with a dark back ground behind, pitched a paper pellet towards tho phantomtand saw it rebound from tho glass, between the ghost and tho audience.— Manchester Guardian. n.,iu-winn.uM uaiiki,,— Aauunoui great con- fusion occurred lately nt tho cattlo fair of Pizany (Charonte). A sudden panic, tho cause of which is unexplained, suddenly seized upon tho wholo of tho horned cattlo at tho fair, aod nearly thrco hundred bullocks and cows, bellowing with fury, rushed about, trampling under fuot men. women, and chil dren. Twenty-eight persons were more or less seriously injured, ono woman having her faco badly torn, and an eyo forced out by a bullock's horn. Speed of Pigeons.— It appears from a trial mode at Rourges that carrier pigeons can still competo in speod with railways, though not with tho electrio telegraph. On Sunduy last 115 pigeons were liber ated at Rourges, at fivo o'clock iu tlio morning, to decide a wager. Tho first prizo was gained by n pigeon which arrived at tho pigeou-houso at fifty- four minutes past twelvo. Tho last arrival was at eleven minutes past ono. Thus, in less than nine hours these birds performed a distance of 150 leagues, or 3/ C miles, a speed which no French railway can equal. Rourges has been selected by tho Belgian nigcon-fancters as tho point of departure for their birds, un account of its central pusitiou, wheu they wish to nsccrtaiu their relative speed. The Simi'Kins' in India.— Earhj Impressions of an English Servant Maid.—l wish, Jon, you could sec tho figgers wo wos tho 1st day after sleeping here; I mean tho musketceis, which was at us all tho nitc. This is a small inn sux, something liko an At, which bites ; O ini, just don't they. Miss Hoiloonso, she cuin down to brekfasfc with a Noas liko I dont no whot,and all tho fummuly did nothing but scratch till I thort thoy would bavo wore their- seives into wholes like a Kalendar. Next nit%tbcy found out that thoy ought to havo putt tboirselvcs into. nets liko a fish, which wns hanging to their beds; wich I found out nnd shodo them bow. There is a pluco horo called tho Strand, but quitodiffurunt from tho strand, which thc.ro is no tcmplo bar, and ouly ono Pelisse which wears moustarch and Uiglass And tho pcpel drives hupaudown, lying In thoir Knrridges ns thoy wos in bed ; with blak mon, honly pliancy, a driving of them, and hothers with bosses tails a hanging on behind, what is called sizes, though I don't think their sizes is auy great shakks citiior. Tho shops is alt privato houzes. and so is tho churches outsido xcop ono or 2, such as ' tho New Kithedrui, a most butiflo building liko Pnnkridgo's. But ho Jon, if you boo tbo linning drapers and the doutistics a riding and a driving as if tlioy wos tho lauds of tho lund, and tho blak fut- mon without ouny calvos a sitting on tho baks of thoir kockcs or a running along, I'm sower you wd go into a piutt.- -The Ganges and the Seine . 