~ — GHOSTS IN AUSTRALIA.. | tv ,he eminc of 185., I was emplojofl in driving a iVimcious li-rd of store- cattle from New England Sown into ihc Melbourne country. The grass waB nli ntiful, ond the cattle travelled along at their fAmre ocrom the wide plains which He between tlie Laclilan, Murrumbldgte, and Edward Hi vers, Tt was nearly sunset on a fine evening !n August wln-n we canio to Deniliquin, -*V,e the crossing - place of the last-named ?river is situated ; and driving the cattle down into an Eiiele of tlie Edward, we cumped dote to the foot of the tandhill on wmcn tne townsnip is ouui. j.neiu Lire two f-r thrie other herds of cattle and some flecks of flu cp waiting to cross in the morning, aud ® sevtrsl 'f 'he mtn in charge of thsm went up to j)i]!y Jl'Intyre's public- houee, and then came down ♦o our camp-fire, there was Eoon a pretty large crowd Of bushmcn aetemblcd round it. Some of them liad brought hottli.s of rum from the inn, and aa the grog cii cuiatcd ve began to discuss the various routes by which wc travelled. Thpre was a long argument «s to the bLtt track across the Old Man Plain ; but, I ? eluiost a'l 'if us were in favour of that by Lang's £'r0,ej,jg-jjlai;e, that point was almost Bttllcd, when sn Auitralian Biockman named Dri&coll; started what he turned to contidtr an unanswerable objection, by Biking ub, how we would avoid the lllack Swamp and tlie ghost of tlie ' trotting cob ?' This speech was re ceived with a roar of laughter; but Driscull jumped up in a -age, and said : ' Yoa may laugh hb much as you like- bri5'6 - ^ut 88 sule te 1 am standing here, X saw it my' If. wcrte luck, nod seeing'u believing.' Of courtf, when we heard this, we were all anxious to litar the Eiuy ; and by the aid cf a little judiciius flat'ery and a pannikin of grog, we eucceeJed in ai mating DiiscoU's passion, and prevailing on him to till us liib adventure, which he did in the following worns : ?? Yuu nearly all know Wantabadgery Station above Wagga Wagga. Wei), two yeaiB ago, Bill Kelly slid 1 look tnree hundred, fat beasts from there to feuh iiendigo. The feed was good, and wc came down lhe river-bank till we reached Line's, ^vheie we crosetd tbe cattle. It wa3 late ia tho after Doenwhcu we got out e n the plain ; and the 6un,was fast dipping as we were abreast oi the Biack Swamp ; to weiounded up the cattle, and determined to stop thtre for the night. 'We hobbled our horseB close at hand, lit our tire, and hod our suppers. Then we agreed tbfct I snnuld take the fiut watch ; so Kelly xolled himself up in his 'possum-rug, and I went down to lave a kok at tbe cattle and horses. I found tbcm all right; to I went back to tlie lire, heaped on fieih fuel, and then stretched myself down tj hire a comfortable stroke. 1 was pretty tired with riding All day, and tlie lire * as hot, so in a short time I dosed off* 1 must have 6lcpt three or four hour?, for the told BWcke me, as the fire was very low ; so I got up aud put on mere wood, and then I thought I'd just go round tlie cattle before 1 waked Kelly to. take his watch. So L caught and saddled my mare, and rode away to the cattle camp. The moon was at ihe full, and shilling brightly, and the beasts had drawn cut en the plain to feed ; so of course I started to head them back. I was cantering along when ell of a auuden the leading cattle came galloping back, and a* thty wheeled, a wan passed close io Die, riding a bala-laced cob, and coming from tlie opposite direction. Now, Kelly V horse was bald faced, to 1 thought that he had waked up and come out to lock after me, to 1 rode on towards the carup. When I g' t there, to my great surprise 1 baw Kelly )}iug quite snugiy rolled up in his rag, and appai ently fast r sleep. This very naturally vexed me, to 1 sho;-k him roughly, Mid when he sat up, say6 I to him: 'Kelly, what do you me»n by going aud lying down again] when xou know it's your watch r' 'Lying down a^ain r ' replied he. ' Why, I never wt ke at all till now.' 'What!' cried I ;4' do you want to deny that you passed uie just now out on the plain heading buck tlu cattie r 1 cid not see your face, but I baw the bald facc ci Dandy plain enough.' At that, Kelly jumps d up as if he was shot* 'Saddle up, for your life, Driseoll/' said he, 44 and let u6 be off. You've seen the ghost of the trotting cob, ai:d we're both dtad men.' 44 Wtll, we jumped on our bosses; and by day break we had got as lar as Brodeiip's Sta'iou ; und. next si^ht we ctmped just where we now arc; but thut very trip, Kelly vps drowred in tbe Campaspe, and i 1 broke two libs and my co:lur-bonc. 5-- I for one ! . would sooner go a bundled miles r;-ur,d ihancamp i again near tne Black Swamp, and chance seeing tlie ghost of the trolling cob.' 'When Driscoll had finished, the conversion natur ally turned on'ippaiiiions, aud ?* Fisher's Ghost ' was triumphbntl) quoted as an unanswerable a:gument in . tte;r fa\our ; but there were still several who laugbtd at the idea of such things. At last a buliock-driver In ni the Sydney side said : ' There are ghosts, there'6 no dtLvii.g; and I'll tell you of oue that hundreds htard about, and many of you know the m»n who saw it, and vuu can atk himself about it. Mauy &t; you have betn tup the Murray towards Albury, and 1 are parsed Brown's station, just above Quart Q'lr-rt. Wtll, when 1 was a Government-man, I was doing s y time i ch Camden, and iu those days Brown had a farm at the Cow-pasturef, close to where I was living. He had juet settled down on the Murray ; with a ftw hundred iiead cf cattle, and btopptd there five or *ix. mmths, pulling up huts aud yareif, and breaking in tbe cat.le to tbe run ; so when he thought evfrythuig was going on well, lie stalled ior down country, intending to bting up more stock iu a shoru time, lie ira\elled on horseback, !or there were no Bi&il;'coaches to the Murray thou, *nd -«s he pushed on pretty sbaip, he was very tired wntn i*e got to ^lyitle Cieek. He told lhompson, the landlord, ' to call him eurly in the morning, to. khis supper, and two or ttive glasses of rum, and thm wtnl u- bed. ? Towards morntLg, something awok-? him, and whtn : he opened hU eyes he faw his wife btauding by the ; ledtinc. Before he could faptak to her, bfce t.ld him [ ' tu get up,' tnd went out ot tlie room at ouee. Well, : Biown was greatly surprised, cf course, at* seeing her . at ihbt place, but be thought that sbe hid come io meet him, to he got up and drtssed himself. When t he went down, he locked in thep -rloura ; but as he | could not see her, he began to call out her name, : At lost the n--iee he made roused up tlie landlord, and j he came aud asked what the matter was. 'Why/' says Brown, ' I want my wife. She's I come and w«k;d me, and now she's hid lierrelf.' \ 'You're dreaming, man, 'cried the landlord. ' How ; can your wife be here r You kuew &he;*6 at tbe Cow i pafctuie l?arm.' 14 What/' jejohud Brown ; 'do you mean to say that the did not conic here fince X wuit to bfcd } ' f '* Of course the didn't,' replied lhe landlord, ' f.-r I locked the door when I went to bed, i*nd tbe key is [ widfi my pillow.' M ^A'ith that Brown g^sw quite frightened, ' Saddle wy horfc at one/ E?id he, * f«.»r bo ^ure as I'm a liviug men, my wife came and ep.-.ke to me to J»igl t, ond I'm' greatly afraid that tonathing has bapj.ened to h-.r at h- me.' With thr%t, he mounted tnd g. Hoped off. He rude till hn knocked up his tone, at d ihtn he boiTowed a fresh cue, and kept on as fast &s; he could ride, ®o that before fcuwet be came tlose to the Cowpa^turc Farm. As h2 galloped up, he could Fee there was somethirg unusual g -iug on, i^r several hoites were faslen«.d to ito'poevs of ihe terandah, the working mm we-e st^ndijig in groups, at lie doers of ihe;r huts, and two or three troopers *ere lounging about near the storkyard. Brown jumpc-d oft his lnTfC, end was gouig nf once into his 1 ouse, but one of his neighbours eair.e out and met Mm at the door. This gentleman led him away io a little distance, and told him as gradually fi% he could whbt bed token place. Now, boyp, Brown was a I |ocd master to his aligned servants,' but his wife was ' a tyrant, and while he was at the Muwav, she had I bun stopping the rations ef the GeV'iriU'Cnt men, ®»d smdmg ihtm up to court. Thrte was one | snan in particular eVe took a great dialiketo; lie ] could do nothing right, aud almost evtry Monday I joining he got hit fifty UsVes at tlie maiest eoun- | «oute. At la?t, he pot desperate. H'e chopping SLtse wood, when she came up to him., und after abusing him, f aid : u I'll get you fifty more on Mon day mart.' 'Imay get the fifty cried,' cried he, you'll net live to know of it/' and with tbat he i\, tie exe he had in his hand, &nd; split her skull. ; This haj per.ed at the Cow-paslures at tne v«»y hour | JJhen tbe was seen by Brown in tho inn at Myrtle ! vTetk ; so you pee, boys, theie can be no dou'ot but JhoBts do iomctimee appear on earth.' I . 'Of course, there's no doubt at all hbout tint/' siiil ; JJ1 °ld hhephtrd, who had just come up to the camp, «r I was clofcc to one mysilf, and n.y mMe fcaw it | quiie plainly, tnd aa it was a quare thing, I'll tell 3 ez all about it, You that are from the Sy«Jn:y tide 'jus* rectillect the time when the fires were 6een a?t€I? on Plains, near Bathurst, aud how ♦*: y^I'tople went out to flee them, and tlie priest ®? t0 lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, shepherding at Wargoola, near Carcoar, and when the shearing was over, I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Bathurst to buy few a few things and have a spree. Well, of course, in a few days , I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I just thinking of making a start, I fell in with Red Jack. He was an old mate of mine, and he'd been down in town for some weeks, so you may be sure he had 'pockets to let,' He was looking for a job; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employment, for they wanted some hands on the station. Jack said 'he was glad of the chance;' so he rolled up his blankets; I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Bathurst. We had been nobblerising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started ; so we walked along very gaily, and never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good camping-place as we walked on; and just as it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another, and another. 'Come on,' said Jack ; 'we're all right now; there's some overlanders there wth cattle, and we'll go down to their camp.' With that we turned in off the road, and went towards the nearest fire; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We cooeed, but there was no answer ; so we pushed for the next, thinking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it, there was no one there either ; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I had heard them speaking of in Bathurst ; so I told Jack of it, and told him we'd better get away at once ; but ee only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit, Well, we lit our pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece cut of one of the bottle, and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he asked me if I was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so on we went towards the next fire; and when we came near it, we could see some one moving about and piling on wood. 'There's your ghost for you,' say Jack. 'Hello, mate, will you have a glass?' But the figure kept on at the fire, and made no answer. By this time we had got quite close to the fire, and as blazed up, we saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he had no head on his shoulders—nothing but a blood-stained stump of a neck, and yet he was going about quite contentedly feeding the fire. I thought I'd have dropped, but Jack said: 'Come on; we'll grab him, ghost or no ghost.' Then he put the be the to his mouth, and took a long drink ; I took another, and then Jack ran round the fire one way, and I ran another. As we got to the other side, we could see the Headless Shepherd standing between us. 'I have you now cried Jack, and tried to lay hold of him. I did the same, but he slipped through our fingers, and we caught only one another, and down we fell ; and when we came to ourselves, the sun was binning overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood- ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went on to Wargoola ; but what became of the ghost 1 don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after. Thit story s'.artcd the dispute about spirits afresh, for there w-ic tonic -lriewchuma' pr«-sant who had never read the Bathurat paper? of th^ period, and they s&id; that Rum w ps the only spirii that Red Jack a'ld his inaU» hHd seen on King's Ph\imsr However, t!ic ?? eld huids' would not listen to this, bud the '.iiapjte began to grow furious. At last, Jisn Ryan, an Iti-H native, roared out in a rage: 'Ii'b my heiitf ye're no better thm haythens ; and the next tiling you'll do will be to deny the ' Codec Hut!'' Ibis w*s evideii'ly ctrsiUcred a conclusive argument by all tlie old bu-hmen, and their opponents were crui p» iled to confess tlxir ignorance of the C jo Hut, ^ M,d io atk foi au aceout.t of i*. For a short time, Jim^ Ryan refused to tat^fy them, but at lart h^ allowed liiuiH If to be persuaded. ''Jhebutwc call the Coiiee or Mcndering Hut is out en the Yareko Creek, at the back of Gorea Run ; &nd; the way it got that nsme was this : At tha tine whet, the Bdlilong atd Yarckn were firs1, settled on, there was a team Lamed Bill Wliite employe 1 at G3*ee fciaii'-n. He was an emigrant, and hsd not bean long in thu colon}', so thi-y used to keep him about the home station chopping wood and cariiug watnr, ard helping up at tlie cirdugliung-y^rds occasion ^ ly. Well, h j:ajipt.ued that one -1 tile shepherds hsd a row with lhe oveiseer, a»'d g:t discharged ,.t oi.ee; »o, as they hid no one -lse handy, they doteimired to send Bill White fchepherding till they could get another man. The Iiul u twenty-five nn es hack from Goiee ; sd the overseer went out him fcdf i\iili Bill und the theep, and tiieu ct-ippcd a day with lilm to « Low liim the run. bill ha J no hut keener, but he ma:.tged preity well for two Ot thr*sc dhys ; but ejne v-ry hot day he iiiuit have fallen otlrip in the middle ot the day, whe»» the siv ep were in caii:p, ai d did not awvke till t'.ty wc;. d;-i\vn cut. lie vab, as 1 teld you, a new chum, and did i;oi know anything about trscki-'g, to he wandered v,-^iitly up atd down, looking for the flock, until ha iost 1 imself ciiupletely. The da^k war coming on. so he began coo.eing till he was fairly worn out, and thtuhydovn to sleep. Next mjininiz, he Hanoi again, bift he had got conf ase3 ; and you know the Yareko country is very puzzling, for t^e smdhills and plains ore eo much alike, it's vtry hard lo te!l oi.e liom anottier. Weil, poor Bill tried ti travel by the si-n ; but as he kept following ic, he went rou-d and round, and st dusk we.s near the place he started fzom. He had no food, and could not tind the creek, to he was dying of thirst, for it was burniag hot weuther. lie ccoecd again and again, till he fell vx~ i.aUB'ed, and there he lay till morning. In the morn ing he aroic and crawled a few yard.-, then do*n he sm k, ai.d there l.e pcrit-htd. Meanwhile, the tneep -:4_d ^one to i-no;her out-btatioa, ten miles further br-ck, where tl ey had been ruuii&g; foruicrl* ; and a: the fttd was good, they stopped ther^ very c: n'.ontedly for si ven ur tight days, when the overset r happ^nea to set tl.em, aud of course he brought them in f) the home- station, and then went out to tell Bil: White to came iu lrmself. 'When he got to the hut, he fouud the allies cold oa the h^th; and he cctld see thbt White had iut been in f*r ioae d-'Tfj to in a fcreat flight he ^.allcpped back to the l.onie-s'btion, anu juusr^i d all h'-iiuts t » go aud look foi Bill. He t-'t-k i-a -o lihu-k trackers al^o ; i.nd as I hapjenfd to be pi -^i'.i:, i went out. Wei1, it was m ar dutk when we got outtotliebut, ai.dof course we CGuld do nothing that night, so we h- bhled the liore.e and went into the hut We were just getting our supptrs whtn we lie^rd a fa.nt co^ee, and then ai oil er aod another. O: c -utte we answered «it ti.ee, ft-r we were iu hopf.s that it was JHU While eomii-g up ; but the 60und cmne no nearer, though the cooee vas r. peat^d ever) four or five minuted. We then thought thst py:;.aps he had besn hurt and could not walk ; to several of went oui to lock for him, but we could see nomine of him. though t!:e ccoeeing still continued, and api . atvhtl; quite close to ut-. In about en hour it cep^^d suddenly, aui we went back to the hutgie-.tlv puzzled, and very uneasy, lu the moining at daylight ^e »-tart.d, and the blacks \eiy soon found poor Bill's track ; it was by tnem that I was enabled io tell you of his rrmjlini. nb ju'., for they traced all his yyander'ngs, pointed out wijerc he sut, tiid v. here he slept, and at iast brought us to wheic llis body lay; and, sr range to lela'e, lie died uiihir. le^s th: n a mile of his homo ; bat it was on a diflcienl 6ide tu that on which he hu.l oe^u ac jus tonnd io take out thebhoep. \\\e Luiicd hun in an adjacent tatidhill, where you may eee his gr^ve fenced in; but sincc tbat time n* one will live in that hiit, for every evening from dusk till cia.k puor Bli While is heaid cooocjig ; ai d plenty who never he^rd of the fctory, and have ci.anctd to camp iu the nei^b bouihocd, have he..id the sound, ar.d ha-e inugiind that Eome tiavellei was coming, little thinking t^at i*. wais the Fpirit of Bill White wandering ftbout the Coiict Hut.' Wiien this tale was ended, midnight had pushed tome time ; and as we had ^11 to be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Ed v ard River, there was a gei.eial move. The wtitoib filled and lit their pipes, took a pat ting glas-, and went ofi to their respective c.'nips ; while 1, roliing myself up in my op-jsrutn rug, v, - ut ofi into drt ambud, into a slumber such as those who live at home at ease eau nevor hope to enjoy.— Chambers' Journal. A WoiiD on Instinct jn Animals. — Again, iheie is the powerful ir.stiuct of aelf irtsetv.uion. A hunted and haid-j mn d fox has been kn-wn t j plun^- into & weedy pond, covcr itself w ith acc;s, and only leave its nope out of tlie water, to thut it was just able to breathe. Another fox wab frvqueiriy hur.ted from a certain c^ver, and after a g.od run was always 1 .st at & pirtieular do6e*clipped hedge. Ca^is were made With the hounds in every direction, but the sc .ntould never bt taken up. At last oue of the 6p jriBmc-n one day looked up at a rook's nest, ou the top of a high tiee which ^rew in the hedge, and saw the end of a iox'6 tbil projecting from it. The cunning animal, on the day in question, had omitted to curl hiii tail sufficiently round him ; this led to the discovery of bis retreat, fiom which he was speedily drtvun, and afttr a short run, I am sorry* to add, he was ki.l-d. Some animals, and even 6ome insects, will put on the fembUnce of death when their liv.s aie in danger, The common snake, I happen to know, will do thia on seme occasion?. At others he will emit so horrible a stench thbt no one will fecl inclined to molect him. The hedgthog rolls hims- lf up and remains perfectly still wbeu moleettd. When he thinks the danger is over be unr^ lie hiniBe'f by degroes and looks about, and if all appears t-afe he runs to a secure retreat. Tlie common woodloufe will do tlie earn. e.— Oaw a Week, 