A DUEL AT VIENNA. | (From Hie Spectator.) The capital of Austria has the reputation of being one of the gayest cities of Europe, but it seldom was so gay as during the carnival just passed. For the period of more than a month all existence seemed drowned in one perpetual round of dancing, singing, eating, and drinking, the whole population getting almost frantic in its thirst for pleasure. Distinguished among the many rich and noble families who delighted in hospitality during this season was the house of Baron Falkenstein, a gentleman of large pri- vate fortune in the service of the Imperial Go ' vernment. It formed the centre of attraction to the most brilliant members of the Hungarian and Bohemian aristocracy and to numerous foreigners, belonging to the élite of the diplomatic corps of the capital. Among the most assiduous | visitors of the latter class were two young secretaries of legation, Don Emilio de Muruaga Vildosola, of the Spanish Embassy, and Count Rechteren van Rosande, of that of the Netherlands. Scarcely a night passed that those two diplomatists were not seen at the Baron's mansion, and rumour asserted, and it was generally believed, that both were in love with the mistress of the house-a young Hun- garian lady of surpassing beauty, only recently married to her somewhat older husband. The spectators watched with much curiosity, hidden under a due veil of courtly etiquette, the beha- viour of the two foreign noblemen. The con- trast between them was striking. Count Rechteren, a tall, fair-haired, and blue-eyed young man, of about twenty-six years of age, flitted around the beautiful Baroness in unceas- ing movement, evidently lost in admiration, but scarcely daring to approach so far as to touch the hem of her garment. Less timid than the Count was his friend and rival, the Spanish Secretary of Legation, Don Emilio de Muruaga, a handsome dark-complexioned man of between thirty and forty. He entirely monopolised the society of the lady as far as consistent with pro- priety, whispering sweet speeches in the softest French accent. The customs and habits of Viennese society allow great latitude in this respect, which, however, did not tempt the Baroness to encourage in the least degree the visible attentions of the foreign gentlemen. The winning smiles of tho young mistress of the house were distributed with fair impartiality among all her visitors, and the most careful of her observers could detect nothing in her speech or manners that tended in the least to show even her consciousness of the feelings she in- spired in two of her guests. Only some more than usually sharp elderly ladies thought they could see a slight preference given to the pale and timid young Count from the Netherlands. At Vienna, aB elsewhere, the climax of the car- nival is the Mardi Gras-the day before Ash Wednesday. On the evening of this day a splendid hal masque finished the festivities of the season, as in many other houses of the Aus- trian capital, so in that of Baron Falken- stein. Tho crowd here was immense, completely filling all the reception rooms of the largo mansion, and scarcely al- lowing free circulation in some apart- ments. As the chief pleasure in these carnival assemblies consists in making the dis- guise of the ball-room as perfect as possible, and keeping it a strict secret, even to intimate friends, so nothing was known to tell the pre- sence of the mistress of the house and her two supposed admirers of the diplomatic service, ex- cept the general supposition that the lady, as well as the two gentlemen, would not fail to appear. The company, however, were too much interested in their own amusements to speculate much upon the matter, and would probably, not have thought of it had not a curious scene towards midnight arrested general attention. A black domino was seen following a lady dressed as a shepherdess in all directions, and with a pertinacity greatly passing the license of carni- val diversions. It was clear to all observers of the incident that the shepherdess was displeased by the attentions of the black domino, for she evidently tried to evade him as much as possible, and at times made some more or less unsuccessful attempts to elude his vigilance and to escape from him altogether. The spectacle became exciting, when at last, in a sudden movement of the crowd, the fair fugitive was pressed into a corner, and her hand there- upon was immediately seized by the pursuing figure in black. A faint shriek was hoard, fol- lowed in an instant by a scene of extraordinary tumult. The black domino saw himself attacked from behind by a mask in steel armour, repre- senting a Crusader of the 11th century. There was a short struggle, and before the bystanders had time to interfere, the police hurried up to the spot, and the two gentlemen who had com- mitted the grave breach of the peace were laid hold of and carried to prison. The masks were made to fall from the faces of the black domino and the knight in armour, and the assembled company beheld with astonishment the well known features of the two secretaries of legation, Don Emilio de Muruaga and Count Reohteren. The shepherdess had vanished, and was nowhere to be seen. Close to the banks of the Danube, a little be- yond the southern suburb of Vienna, called the Leopold Town, lies the Brigittenau, one of the most lovely spots in the environs of the Aus- trian capital. Beautiful walks interchange with wood and meadow, and the eye sweeps far over the expanse of the mighty river, the waters of which connect Western Europe with the Orient. The Brigittenau is famous as a ren- dezvous for lovers ; more famous still as the place where the great German patriot, Robert Blum, was executed, or rather assassinated, by order of General Wiodischgratz, on the 9th of November, 1848. It is a noted place also for the termination of " affairs of honour," the feudal abridgment of the slow progress of judge and jury. At the break of day on Sunday week, the 22nd of February, another of these tragedies, likely to obtain lasting celebrity in the Viennese realms of romance, came off on the spot. The sun was still hidden -behind the low range of hills north of the Danube, when some carriages drove up to the spot. Half-a-dozen gentlemen in black issued in an instant, and the vehicles having been sent back they began to look over the ground. A piece of meadow in the lower part of the Brigit- tenau was chosen as the place of duel, and the pistols having been carefully examined, the combatants were placed in their allotted posi- tions. By this time the sun had risen above tho hills, lighting up in vivid colours tho lugu- brious scone. Separated into several groups, the actors stood there quiet and almost motion- less; on the one side the young Dutch noble- man, visibly affected, his face pale as death ; on the other, at a disatnee of fifty paces, the Spanish Secretary of Legation, as it is said, with his old smile, and almost an air of triumph. A little aside were the seconds, and further in the background a surgeon, called up by the party on the road through the Leopold-stadt, and still with slumber in his eyes. There was a slight pause amid deep silence, interrupted only by the singing of the birds in the wood Then came the command of the leading second, " Tout est pret." Count Rechteren lifted up his pistol ; his hand trembled; it seemed as if he had never fired a revolver in his life. A minute elapsed; then a pull at the trigger, and the ball flew high over the head of the Spanish noblsman. The latter, raising his pistol with the air of a man confident in his own skill, and taking steady aim at his opponent, fired at the end of a few seconds, and in the same instant the Count was seen falling down upon his face without-uttering a sound. All the bystanders hurried forward, and the surgeon was called up to do his duty. The latter opened the waistcoat of the Count, laid his hand upon the heart of the young man, and exclaimed, " Er is todt !" (he is dead). The word had no sooner been pronounced when tho actors and participators in the drama fled in all directions, leaving the corpse on the ground The surgeon hesitated for a moment, but a vague fear of Austrian police, prison, and scaffold creeping over him, he too made off, never resting till he had reached his dwelling, Two hours later, one of the parkkeepers, on making his accustomed round, came upon the body, lying on the grass, with the pistol aside. The man's crios soon brought assistance, the body was examined, an address found in a pocket book, and a letter directed to Baron von Heeke- ren, ambassador of the Netherlands. Not long after a low cart, with a few bundles of straw at the bottom, stopped at the embassy, into the hall of which the corpse was, carried without further ceremony by the parkkeepers. When Baron von Heekeren received the sudden an- nouncement that his young friend and relative, the only son of one of the richest families of Holland, was lying dead in the house, he sank down in a swoon, his life being despaired of for a while. There was mourning in all the saloons of Vienna when the fatal news spread round, especially in that large mansion in which the splendid bal masqué had taken place on the eve of Ash Wed- nesday. TRAGIC LOVE AFFAIR.-The Paris correspondent of the Court Journal relates the following story :-" Now that the joyous days of masquerading and revelry have passed away, we luve to turn to the sackoloth and ashes of repentance. Singular enough, the very first day of Lent has been marked by a most terrible and painful event, whioh has spread confusion and terror throughout the whole Faubourg St. Germain. The tale is so strange, so filled with the elements of romance, that, were it not sure to become public in a few days, we should experience soma degree of soruple in recounting it. One of the fairest and most wealthy of the heiresses who inhabit the vast and princely mansions of the Rue St. Dominique lias just committed suicide under circumstances of the most extraordinary nature. The young lady, whose beauty had already became celebrated, was the daughter of the widowed Duchess -, who, devoting herself entirely to the happinness of her two children, lived in the strictest retirement. The young Due -, just fifteen, was pursuing his studies at home under the superintendence of a tutor. The latter, a Polish gentlemen, remarkable for his peculiar ugliness, being humpbacked, and almost a dwarf, with the pecu- liarly large mouth and exaggerated ears whioh belong to persons afflioted with gibbosity. But it seems that the tutor waa gifted with poetry in the highest degree ; he wus enthusiastic, he was patriotio, moreover; and when the eall to arms in favour of poor, blighted, in- jured Poland resounded through the land, he obeyed the Bummons on the instant, and fled to the reseñe with as much alacrity as though Dame Nature had not evidently given him the best excuse for remaining a simple spec- tator of the struggle. For the last few days of his stay in the family, it was observed that the young lady was saddened and depressed beyond measure. While the other members of the household were busily employed in collecting every objeot whioh should render his jonrney more easy-for he had beoome a great favourite with all-sho would wander about the house listless and heedless of what was going on around ; and when the moment of the final farewell arrived, she was missed from the drawing-room, and so the adieux were not spoken ; the young man departed, unconscious of any other feeling than that of regret that the railway signal, which waits for no man, would compel him to leave the country without a «ingle word of affec- tionate adieu to the fair and amiable young girl whose kindness and consideraton had so long helped to soothe the feeling of dependence amid which he bad been living. For some little while after his departure no heed was taken of the absence of the young lady. The day was fine. The garden attached to the mansion is a large one. It was supposed that she was roam- ing amid ils walks, and watching the progress of the spring amid the shrubs and flowers ; but when the dinner-bell had rung, and still she did not appear, of course great anxiety was felt, and the whole household joined in search. Every room in the mansion was visited but without result, and the terror and anxiety of the mother may bo imagined when all through the grounds the name of the young girl was shouted without bring- ing any reply. There is a small summer-house at the bottom of the garden, far from the mansion, and damp and desolate, hut seldom used. The young brother as it were, in a fit of despair, bursts open the door, little expecting there to find the objeot of his search. It was there, howevor, that he found his sister-cold, and motionless. She was leaning on the wooden table belong- ing to the place, and ber hand still grasped the small Ebial whose contents had sent her out of the world she ad been destined to adorn, leaving her adoring rela- tives to misery and despair. The bottle had con-, tuined chloroform, whioh had been used for the soothing of the pain of toothache, and death had been instanta- neous and comparatively easy. In the first paroxysm of grief the investigation of the cause of the rash act had been overlooked. Many suggestions were offered, but no reason, plain enough to be accepted, could be given. It was not till the examination of the corpse had taken place that the whole clue to the frightful mystery was discovered. Suspended by a ribbon from her neck was found a little silken satchel, containing the pbotogrtphio portrait of the Polish tutor, even more ugly in the sem- blance than in nature. The portrait was accompanied by a lock of coarse, wiry hair, which the young Duke re- membered to have cut one day from the head of the dwarf, and to have presented to his sister with mock solemnity, telling her that it was a souvenir of romanos and beauty. A few lines, perfectly disjointed and inco- herent, were written in pencil on the back of the por- trait; but whether written at the moment of the dread« ful determination, or on some previous occasion, no one can tell. LAYING THE GHOST.-Formerly all the world believed in ghosts, and even now faith in the "bodiless creations" extends beyond the precincts of the nursery. From time to time the pubho mind has been excited by rumours ot the appearance of these mysterious visitants dnriog the hours of dnrkness in a blood-stained mansion, in a yawning churchyard, or on a " blasted heath." And occasionally they have obtruded their supposed " incor- poreal essence''upon the inhabitants of populous villages and towns. The famous Cock lane ghost was a notorious example of snch impertinence. It has, however, been dearly proved that all these creations were neither " bodiless" nor incorporeal," and til ay they were nothing more than misohievons flesh and blood realities. But what shall we say of the ghost which now regularly presents himself before large and bewildered audiences in Kegent-street, London, by day as well as by night! Was there ever a ghost like this ? You are doubtless aware that he has recently been purchased in propia persona, or in a duplicate, by a distinguished theatrical manager. He is an admirable specimen of an unmistakeable, most truly unsubtautial ghost. You may apparently walk throngh him, yet without in the least disturbing his composure. What is be? Let us see. ? He is nothing more than the reflooted-image of a brightly illuminated object, living or dead, from tho surface of a flat piece of glass. The lights ore lowered, and the spectators are in comparative darkness. The curtain is drawn, and discloses a. dimly illumiiuted chamber called a study, and there you behold tho student, a living mau, walking to and fro. This per Bon is actually behind a large sheet of plate-glass, no larger indeed than is to be seen in many a shop window. The objeot to be ghostified is concealed in front of the glass, and is brilliantly illuminated by the well-known lime light. In accordance with tbe law of'optics, the ¡mace of the objeot is reflected from the glass to the spectator, so as to seem to them as far behind the glass as it is in reality in front of it ; and they, owing to the obscurity of the chamber, are unable to detect the source of illusion. The arrangement is ingenious, and does credit to the institution where the exhibition takes place. J have heard philosophers of high distinction attempt to explain the illnBion by the use of the eoncave mirror, and the reflection therefrom of an image upon floating dual of vapour in the air. As this ghost is a great favourite with tho public, you may probably not object to insert this history in your columns. But, sir, let me add, our ghost, it is reported, is protected by «patent. Fanoy a patent ghost. What next?-Correspondent of the Times. The Times calls attention to the case oí the family of the late Sir R. Inglis. He defended Luoknow, but, sur- viving the siige, was rewarded with a regiment and the command at Corfu. Unfortunately^ he died too soon to make any provision for h¡3 family, and his widow, daughter of Lord Chelmsford, only reooives a widow's pension of £140 a year. It is contended that aB the widow and son of Sir H. Havelock reoeiveeacb £1000» vear, and Sir W. Williams tho same lor the defenoe of liars, Lady Inglis should be placed in the same position. Throwing cigars to favourite male actors is the custom in some places of amusement in Spain, One of the great bells of Worcester Cathedral, weigh- ing five hundredweight, has recently been stolen-it is not known how or wlion ! but it must have been within the last few months. The missing bell is probably broken up and no longer in existence hy this time, and will never more he seen, whatever be the fate of the au- dacious thief. 