MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1863. Geographically situated as we are at the other end of civilisation, we had reason to hope that, if distance has robbed us of some of its enjoyments, it has also-guarded against the approach of some of its vices. It appears that we were too sanguine. If there is one vice above another from which we might have anticipated immunity, it is slavery. Our traditions, our heritage, our aspirations, justified us in the belief that we were destined to inaugurate, in the Southern Hemisphere, an era of political and personal freedom unknown to older climes. The readers of our journal to- day may now know how cruel is our disappointment. We have from time to time published fragmentary intelligence that pointed to the enactment of a ter- rible tragedy in the Pacific. The Sydney papers at last bring us a detailed account of the whole affair, so full of crime and misery, that indignation and sorrow are confounded. It appears that the Peru- vian Government has from time to time authorized what it calls "enterprisers" to supply by importation the deficiency of labour in the Peruvian mines. Thus, carrying their diplomas in their pockets, the enterprisers rightly in- terpreted the wretched euphemism of their Government, and organized at once a system of man-stealing un- equalled in the history of the slave-trade. Baffled by the English cruisers on the African coast, they reserved their infernal scheme for the Polynesian Isles. Their machinery and their ultimate success are_ graphically described in a meeting held in Sydney, at which, with some eloquence, the experience of missionaries, travellers, and consuls, was narrated. The mis- creants possess, it seems, twenty-five ves- sels, elaborately fitted out for their trade. They have a depot at an island,which they first swept of its inhabitants, called Easter Island. They consign their cargoes to a mercantile house at Callao, which house, it is said, is connected with a firm in Liverpool. At this date, their captives amount to no less than 2,000, and the design is to raise the number to 10,000. What makes the matter more aggra- vating is, that the Peruvian Government attempts to justify its creatures on the ground that they are only emigration agents, duly privileged to enter into contracts for the hire of labour. It adds to the horrible mockery, that these contracts are drawn up in a lan- guage totally unintelligible to one party in the transaction. Of half-a dozen islands devastated, each has a different dialect. The victims of all this villany, we are told in the meantime, are Chris- tians. The missionaries have done their work so faithfully, that one of them told the people of Sydney that he had brought the last idol along with him. They had surrendered all their weapons, in token of their faith. And so thoroughly was theirs the broken and the contrite heart, that in all their agony they offered no resistance to their cap- tors. Nay, they even prayed for them. Policy would suggest perhaps that it was a mistaken zeal which thus disarmed and left them defenceless. But policy is silent, as we read the noble clemency of savages, who, by dint of training and education, have emulated with a romantic fidelity the spirit of Him who said, "Father, forgive them, " for they know not what they do." " One of the most touching incidents " which have yet come to light," says the narrator, " is the fact that on the " morning following the dreadful day " on which the murderous proceedings " took place at Savage Island, the natives, " while hearts were bleeding and tears " flowing, because fathers, husbands, " brothers, and sons were torn from " their embrace, lifted up their voices to " God in prayer, not to invoke vengeance " upon the heads of their guilty mur " derers, but to pray that their hearts " might be changed, and that they might " be led to abandon their wicked courses." The question arises in the face of ali this, what is to be done? The Sydney deputa tion suggested the sending of an armed vessel But, unfortunately, such a course would not be justified by law. The Erench, indeed, overleaping the fences of inter- national chicane, havo, by virtue of their protectorate of the Tahitian group, inter- fered, and have even demanded of tho Peruvian Government the restitution of its victims. But, for ourselves, it is painful to contemplate the state of -in- action to which we are reduced. As the Governor of New South Wales told the deputation, our available ships are at New Zealand, the Orpheus is gone, and the Victoria, even could she be employed, has no more authority than a privateer. In the meantime, the home Government has been memo- rialised, and Exeter-hall set in motion. As for a meeting in Melbourne, we do not see how it can assist the cause. As a rule we have no confidence in meetings. They are only opportunities for the dis- play of false sentiment, bad English, and a good deal of vulgar egotism. Sir Henry Barkly might, indeed, be made the vehicle of a demonstrative re- monstrance to the British Parliament, and there is no doubt h would be glad of the opportunity of closing his political career among us with an act so graceful and humane. If, on the other hand, the object of the meeting should be the expression of our profound sympathy with men who have suffered so horribly and endured so nobly, then, in the name of a common humanity, let a meeting bo called. Great deeds of blood and of forbearance, such as have been enacted in Polynesia, aro enough to blast and to vindicate our nature. Their con- currence is one of those contradictory phenomena, the explanation of which defies the philosopher and puzzles the Christian. If anything was needed to show the necessity of a re-arrangement of the Survey departments of the public service, the evidence is to be found in the volu- minous report by Mr. Selwyn, laid before Parliament on Tuesday by the President of the Board of Land and Works. At present, the service is divided into three branches-the topographical staff, under Mr. Ligar ; the geological staff, under Mr. Selwyn j and the mining surveyors, to some extent under the control of Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Brough Smyth, but in the most material portion of their duties practically responsible only to those private employers from whom they derive tho larger portion of their income. The evil resulta of this divided authority are shown in the slow progress of the work entrusted to the Geological depart- ment, on which work is thrown which should be performed by the topographers ; and in the case of the mining surveyors it is made apparent by the inaccuracy of their work, and the endless, expensive, and most confusing litigation to which it gives rise. We have repeatedly pressed these points on the attention of Par- liament and the country, and we find them most fully endorsed by Mr. Selwyn in the report now before Parlia- ment. Speaking first of the progress of the Geological Survey, Mr. Selwyn states that up to the 1st of May last, 132 quarter-sheets had been compiled and drawn, representing an aggregate extent of country of 7,128 square miles. As the maps drawn up to the same date of the preceding year represented an area of 6,588 square miles, it follows that the works of the year covered only 540 square miles. For "sixty-two quarter-sheets the survey is complete, representing 3,348 square miles ,(2,754 in May, 1862) ; for five sheets the survey is in progress ; thirty-five are published and ready for sale, representing 1,890 square miles (1,188 in May, 1862), and fourteen aro in course of publication, .embracing 756 square miles. The index map which accompanies the report, however, shows that the whole of these maps, whether complete or in pro- gress, relate only to that portion of tho colony which lies along the western shore of Port Philip Bay, around "Hobson's Bay, and thence along the lines of main road towards the north, embracing Kilmore on the one side and Muckleford on the other. Even the sketch map, which is coloured to show the main geological features of the colony, and that only superficially, indicates that there is one portion of the colony, at least, which has still to bo visited by the geologists-that which stretches back from Cape Howe along the border line. Important, thorefore, as is the work that has been accomplished, it is merely a first instalment. Small as it is, however, it is large when the few- ness of the scientific labourers by whom it has been produced is con- sidered j for we are reminded that the survey was only commenced in 1856, that at first only three field geologists were employed, and that now there are but four, and that the geological survey of Great Britain is still only half performed, although it was commenced twenty-eight years ago, and that since 1860, the number of field geologists engaged upon it has been increased from six to thirteen. We have pointed out, on previous occasions, the causes of the delay, as well as the inconvenience to miners and selectors, and the losses to the state, that follow from the slow progress of the survey statements and conclusions to which Mr. Selwyn gives his entire adherence. The mam cause of the delay, he reports, still continues. Ho says : " Unless a systematic topographi " cal survey of the mining districts " is speedily undertaken by the " Surveyor-General's department, with " the view of constructing maps similar " to those by Messrs. Couchman and "Walker," the labours of the geologists must necessarily be protracted. Of the extent to which their exertions are affected by the want of such maps, we have evidence in the report of Messrs. Aplin and Ulrich, who observe, that in preparing four quarter-sheets of the Castlemaine district, thoy were engaged for four years almost un- interruptedly, fully three-fourths of that period having been occupied in prepar- ing the topographical groundwork and the hill-contouring "necessary for the " faithful representation of tho physical " features of the gold-fields." That this accurate groundwork cannot bo dispensed with, is apparent. The object of these maps-as far as the gold-fields are con- cerned-is to enable the miner to follow the probable course of leads of gold and lines of quartz-veins j to show him whero drainage areas might bo found and reservoirs constructed, as as well as the best courses for water-races, and to help him to the untried as well as the tried resources of the district ; and the main defect of the maps issued by the Mining depart- ment is, that they do not furnish the data required in these matters. Tit is apparent, however, that if three-fourths | of the time of the geological surveyors is occupied in this preliminary work in which no geological knowledge ia neces- sary, the country loses the advantage of the special skill of the small staff to whom the purely scientific portion of the survey is entrusted. While this arrange- ment lasts, therefore, we cannot hope to see the work much expedited, and we hope the remonstrances Mr. Selwyn has addressed to the Lands department on the subject will not be thrown awav Moro and better use might bo-mado of the mining surveyors in this direction and we trust the recommendations the Koyal commissioners are likely to mako will result in a better organization of the _ scientific survey branch of the service, and such help from the Surveyor- General's department as will materially strengthen the hands of the geologists. Of the diffcrenco in utility between the perfected maps and those more hastily prepared, we havo the strongest evidence from Mr. Selwyn in his remarks on his own sketch-map of the colony. Though it had engaged a largo proportion of his time-from August, 1861, to the date of the report, he says :-" I wish distinctly to point " out that, with tho exception of that " portion of it over which the geo "logical features have been accurately ".surveyed and mapped, it is essentially "a sketch, and as such, however inte " resting and valuable it may bo to the " scientific geologist, it can have no claim " to any really practical value, either in "promoting the development of the " mineral resources of the colony, or as " a reliable guide to the agricultural " settler." ? Turning to the other portions of tho report, we find a variety of interesting remarks. Wo learn that photograpluc sketches have been extensively taken, and will be made use of to illustrate tho physical geology and aspect of the various rock formations of the colony. These views will either be engraved on the maps themselves, or will accompany the explanatory notes connected with them, which it is intended to publish from time to time in tho form of com- plete and concise reports on the phy- sical geology and mineral features of each district. In Mr. Taylor's notes on some of the maps of the Kilmore dis -trict, wo find mention made of deposits of " very rich heavy brown (hematite) " iron ore," and of " greenstone" fit for ornamental purposes. He also states that titanic iron-sand occurs. Mr. Selwyn reports with regret that tho attempt to discover coal, by boring, in the Bellerine district, has not succeeded. Tho depth attained was five hundred feet, representing "a vertical tliickness " of two thousand feet of tho coal " strata." He still thinks, however, that coal may bo found in that lo- cality, while ho recommends that bores should be put down near Geelong, in the valley of the Glenelg and Wannon, in certain portions of Western Port Bay, and about Welshpool and Port Albert. The report shows, on tho whole, that a large amount of work has been performed by the Geological ^onnrfmonl- ~^A thnf 5Í TIT, C-»«,1» department, and that if Mr. Selwyn's suggestions are accepted by the Lands department, we shall see the survey of the colony so expedited that its ' com- pletion may be hoped for at least before the present generation has passed away. _ A roporfc was current in the city on Satur day that Mr. H, S. Chapman is likely to offer himself as a candidate for Mornington, and that Mr. Francis will have to encounter soma hostility at Richmond ; but the general belief appears to he that all the new Ministora will bo re-elected, and most of them without oppo- sition. Tho Mini8tiy just foimed by Mr. M Culloch is the eighth which wo have had since the in- troduction of responsible government, The first was that of Mr. Haines, which existed until March, 1857, when the reins of office were transferred to Mr. O'shanassy, who, how- ever, held them only for seven short weeks. Mr. Haines then resumed the direction of affairs, and remained In possession of the Treasury bench until March, 1868, when ho was again supplanted by Mr. O'shanassy. The second O'shanassy Government lasted until October, 1869, when it had to mako way for the administration of Mr. Nicholson. In November, 1860, Mr. Nicholson rotlred, and Mr. Heales became Prime Minis- ter. In less than twelve months afterwards Mr. Heales had to relinquish place in favour of Mr. O'shanassy, and the Ministry then formed continued in offico until last week, or a peiiod of something like one year and eight months. These facts show that a year ia about the average term of Ministerial exist- ence. We may add that this is not the first occasion on which Mr. M'Culloch has been entrusted with tho work of Cabinet con- struction. The hon. gontleman was "sont for" by Sir Henry Barkly in April, 1867, and his negotiations on that occasion led to the formation of the second Hoines Ministry! in which he took the office of Minister of Customs. An extraordinary edition of the Government Qaitüe, published on Saturday, formally noti- fies the resignation of tho late Ministry and the appointment of their successors. It also intimates that Mr. Higinbotham (tho now Attorney-General) and Mr. Hervey (Commis- sioner of Public Works), neither of whom has been in office before, wore on Saturday sworn of the Ejecutivo Council. His Excellency the Governor issued on Saturday a writ for the election of a momber of the Legislativo Council for tho Eastern Province, in tho room of the Hon. M.;Horvoy, who, by taking the Commissionorship of Pab- ilo Works in tho now Administration, has " accepted an offlco of profit under tho Crown." Tho nomination is appointed for tho 7th of July, at Seymour B, and should thoro bo any opposition to Mr. Herrey's re-election-which is not at all llkely-the polling will take place on the 27th of July. legislation on tho subject of mining on private property is becoming moro necessary every day, and as land is sold and prospecting extends, disputes between the minois and owners of property, and between tho miners themselves, wlil increase in number and virulence. The state of matters at the Sebas- tian rush is far from satisfactory, and on Ballarat they are little better. Tho Essex and Garibaldi companies, who both mino on private property, have been attempting io destroy each other's drives», to tho danger of life. Speaking of this dispute, a writer in tho Ballarat Star says:-"It is an ex- tremely hard case that the EsBex Company, who to my knowledge have spent somo £10,000 in the mino, and who have held tho land in which the collision took place and paid rent for nearly eighteen months, should not b3 able to secure themselves by any means against. any wilful attempt made by their neighbours to rob them, of their well-earned and richly-deservcd reward--one, moreover, which they have honestly, paid for." At Buninyong the question has taken another peculiar form. The Star puts it as follows: "There is a dispute between the Northum- brian Company, on private property, and the Pioneer Company, on Crown lands, the latter company being suspected of en- croachment upon the private property held by the Northumbrians; and the plaintiffs purposo applying to the warden foran order authorizing a surveyor tD descend the Pioneer shaft, io mako an inspection of the mine. Tho question will thus be raised whether or not tho warden has jurisdiction in a dispute whero miners on private property aro concerned. Wo cannot tell how the appli- cation will bo met-albeit, it is not difficult to guess at tho result. At the samo time, the very disputo and tho doubt it involves only add to the weight of evidence in favour of Immediate action being taken hy Parliament, with a view to settle this long-standing grievance among persons interested in mining." At the Sandridge Police Court, on Satur- day-Mr. Barker, surgeon, on the bench-there was only one case disposed of, that of a man charged with drunkenness. He was dealt with in the usual way. There were several trifling cases at the Emerald-hill Police Court on Saturday, but none of them call for special notice. Messrs, Gardner, Martin, and Finlay wero the pre- siding magistrates. An ordinary meeting of the Royal Society takes place this evening. The reading of a paper by Mr. A. H. Louis, on "The function of science in new communities ;" the presenta- tion of a report by Mr. T. E. Rawlinson, on the entrance to the Gipps Land lakes ; a de- scription by Mr. H. Watts of specimens of fossil polyzos, and an exhibition by the honorary secretary of the fire sticks used by Australian aborigines, will form the chief business of the sitting. Sir Francis Mutpby has bîen elected chair- man of tho Nationa! Bank of Australasia, in the room of Mr. George Rolfe, who proco:Js by the Eoxbnrgb Castle to Europe. The municipal election at Emerald-hill, on Saturday, resulted in the retara of Messrs. John Whiteman, Andrew Lyell, and Jame i Greis. The numbers polled were-Whiteman, 468 ; Lyell, 351 ; Greig, 2S6 ; Stead, 261 ; Skeat3, 2dl; Atkinson, 1E5. Mr. Whiteman and Mr. Lyell oro new to the council. On Saturday lst the number of the pri- soners confined in the gaols of Melbourne was 251,-in the Central Gaol, 197 males and 2 females ; in the Western Gaol, 52 females. These persons are classified as follows :- Awaiting trial, 8 ; under remand hy magis- trates, 10 ; sentence of death recorded against, 1; road-gang, 14; hard labour, 103; impri- sonment only, 82 ; lunatics, 3 ; In default of bail, 13 : debtors, 17. The scratch four-oarcd boat races adver- tised by the Melbourne Rowing Club took placa on tho Upper Yau-a on Saturday after- noon. Tho weather proved favourable, and there was a pretty fair muster of boats' crews. Tho attondanco of spectatou, however, was not large. Por some reason or other, the course was altered on Saturday, the race3 having been palled down instead of up tho Tatra, as formerly. The starting-pcit was fixed at a point near Brandretli's old fe:ry, and the winning-post at tho Melbourne Club boat-house. Tho races were not of a character to cr1! for paiiicular notice, and were in- teresting chiefly as affording a capital after- noon's practico and enjoyment to tho crows engased. The crews contanded Bimply for the honour of victory. Tho nomination of candidates for tho vacant seats in the Footscray Municipal Council t:ok place on Saturday morning. There aro thrco vacancies, consequent upon ibe retirement of Councillors Gr. Smith, U Fielding, and 3?. Humphrey. These gentle- men oflor thomselves for re-election, and wero duly nominated on Saturday, together with four other candidates. Mr. J. Lethby pre- sided, in place of the chairman of the muni- cipality, who was absent through ill-health ; and he announced the show of hands to ho For H. AuBtin, 19; E. Francis, 17; F. Hum- phrey, á6; A. J. Harcorn t, 15; It. Fielding, 15; G. Smith, 13; W. Cleverdon, á. There suit woe, therefore, in favour of the three first named, and a poll was.ldemanded on behalf of tho others. The assessors, Messrs. J. Scott and J. O'Farrel, were of opinion that Messrs. Harcourt and Fielding obtained es many votes as Mr. Francis did, but the point was not tpretsed.. jThoypolling takes placo to day. From Hobart Town wo havo'our files of tho 24th inst. They contain the new tariff pro- posed by the Governmont, which wag sub- mitted to Parliament on the previous day. We have also our files from South Austral ia to June 25. We have files to the 28th March from Ho- nolulu. At a meeting held there on the 26th, it was resolved that a monument should he erected at the entrance of the harbour, in the form of a lighthouse, in honour of Captain { Cook, and that it Bhould bo called " Cook's I/ighthouse." The quiet of the eastern end of the city was disturbed on Saturday by the escapades of a bullock, which broke away from a mob at an early hour, and afterwards pursued a wild career through several of the streets. About ten o'clock he was driven into the Parlia- mentary reserve, and preparations were at once made to shoot him there. Strange to say, five shots were fired before the animal was brought down, and as the reserve was lined with people watching the progress of events, it is a wonder, with this sort of practice, that nobody was hurt. In fact, there was danger enough to make everyone feel uncomfortable, so that the spectators be- ing kept nervous to the close were able to enjoy themselves as though they were witness- ing a dramatic " sensation scene." It was not until a shot was fired within half a dozen yards of him that the sufferings of the hap- less beast were brought to a close. The second subscription concert of the Mel- bourne Philharmonie Society for the present year will be held in the Exhibition-building to-morrow ovening. On tbia occasion, Mr. 0. E. Horsley's oratorio of "David" will be per- formed for the first time in Australia. The production of an oratorio, new to the Aus- tralian colonies, is an event deserving more than a pasaing notice. A synopsis of the composition has been published, and it ap- pears that the composer desires that hit work will be considered as an attempt te illus- trate certain portions of the life of David, rather than as an intention of forming the oratorio on the usual basis of dramatic con- struction, in this respect following the prece- dent of Handel's "Messiah." The incidents successively brought before the hearers are "The rejection of Saul," "The mission of Samuel to David," " The dofeat of Goliath by David," tbo " Israelites' general thanksgiving thereon,'' " The assembling of the tribes to mako David their king," " The subséquent rising of tbo Philistines, and their discomfi- ture," " Tho carrying of tho ark of the cove- nant," " Tho death of Uzza," " The final do posit of tho ark on its resting place," "Tho blessing of the people by David," and "Tho thanksgiving of the peoplo to the A'iroighty for his manifold mercies." The synopsis, to i which allusion has been made, states that " No. 1 choral recitative proclaims tho angor of the Almighty againBt Saul. The idea of a large number of voices singing in recitative is by no means new, Handel, Bach, and Men- delssohn having extensively employed it, as being tbo most impressive mode of musical narrative. The first chorus then follows, and is the lament of the ' Daughters of Israel ' for the rejected King. Samuel's prayer that Saul's 'iniquity ' may bo taken away by re- pentance is the next number, and is followed by a duet for two sopranos, ' Tho Lord Prcierveth the ' Sonls of the Righteous.' In a subsequent number David appears, and is represented as keeping his father's sheep, and during the time singa ' The Lord is my Shepherd.' This, by a poetical licence, is foi lowed by a chorus of angels, ' He that scat tereth Israel will gather him.' The next piece bl inga Samuel to Bethlehem, and seven o[ Jesse's sons pass before tho prophet. A chorus, 'And the Spirit of the Lord came upon David ; . a contralto air, ' Righteous art Thou ; ' and a double quartette with antiphonal effects, ' Thou speakest in visions,'-all having re furenco to the choice of God resting on David, bring to a conclusion the second division of the work, The third scone contains the combat between David and Goliath. The choral recitative, 'And the Philistines,' announces the advent of the Giant at the camp, and he himself throws down the gauntlet in a recitative and air, ' I defy the armies of Israel-give me a man that wo may fight together.* The Israelites aro astounded, and ask, ' Havo ye seen this man ? If any one kill him, the King will give him his daughter.' David, at the end of thw chorus, appears, and offers to fight this Philistine. Tho people deride him. Saul grants his permission for the combat. The actual incidents of tbo death of Goliath havo been left to tho imagination of the hearers. Music can generalise, but it is im- possible to represent particulars through the medium of sound, and the circumstance of the'slingand the stone' is supposed to take place during the final symphony of the duett, which is followed by the despairing chorus of tho defeated Philistines, ' Woo to us; these are the gods which smoto the Egyptians.' To bring the first part of tho work to -a jubilant conclusion, the composer hes adopbd Men- delssohn's idea in 'Elijah,' and makes David ca'l upon the people to ' Praise tho Lord,' which command they obsy in a final chorus. ' Sing unto God. Not unto us, Lord, but to Thy ] name b3 the glory.' This ends part tho first. All the incidents of Dovid'a life, from the death of Goliath to the shepherd king's ac- cession to the throne, are pr~i: i over, and the second paie commences with a triumphal march and the aseembling of the tribes of Israel to fulfil Samuel's prophecy in making David kin?. 'Tho king shall joy in thy strength, O Lord,' expresses the feellnjs of the people, and David, in a spirit of humility, expresses his deep sense of heavenly mercies ! and his people then sing a chorus, 'Tho Lord is a God of judgemont.' The new reign is disturbed by a Becond rising of the PhH'stinc3. A soprano solo, ' O love the Lord,' gives place to a double chorus of Philistines and Israelit--, and a priest (bass solo) with the people proclaims the Almighty as the ' King of all the earth.' The last portion of the work now commences. David consults with the ' cap- tains of thousands and hundreds,' and then the completion of the raising the ark takes place, and tho procession proceeds on its way. A trio for two trebles and tenor, ' How amiable aro Thy tabernacles,' leads to David's last ex- hortation, ' Sing yo to the Lord ;' and the final chorus developos the hymn, to which a prominent place is assigned during tho second part of the work and in the overture. The words, ' O praise tho Lord In that blest place,' are first sung alono by the chorus, and after- wards in unison with a full band accompani- ment. A very quick aUegro, with a fugued passage on ' Hallelujah ! praise the Lord, sing psalms unto Him,' brings the woik to a con- clusion with the final phrase of the hymn, ' Give thanks unto the Lord, for His mercy endureth for over.' " This sketch outlines the conduct of tho subject as treated by Mp Horsley, and es tho oratorio will bo very well produced to morrow, it is not to be doubted that it will find favour with the patrons of musical art. In the following paragraph from tho South Australian Register of Jane 22 we have some home news from abroad :-" We have seen several capital copies of the portrait of Sir Charles Darling, taken (with permission of His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly) by Pro- fessor Hall. Thoro íb, we understand, quite a furor in Melbourne to obtain a glimpse of the portrait of the futuro Governor of Victoria» and that several telegrams have already been received by different parties upon tho subject. Professor Hall has been singularly fulicitou3 also in a portrait of Sir Dominick Daly, which His Excellency has kindly allowed him to take, unrestricted by any exclusivo condi- tions." The city coroner held an inquest on Satur- day, at Hotham, upon the body of James Fraser, aged two years, son of James Fraser, grocer, living at Hotham. It appeared de- ceased had been a sickly child from its birth. On Wednesday he had a fall from a box on which he was sitting, and when lifted from the floor by his father was found to be in a convulsive fit. He bad had similar fits before. He now passed through a succession of fits until the next morning, when he died Tho post-mortem examination, performed by Mr. F. T. W. Ford, surgeon, showed that the cause of death was disease of the brain and its membranes, and the verdict of the jury was in accordance. Information was given to the police, on Saturday night, of a robbery perpetrated upon the premises of P. Fitzpatrick, Leicester-street, North Melbourne. In this case entrance is supposed to have been effected by means of a skeleton-key, while the inmates of the house were absent. The property stolen consisted , of three gold rings, a lady's gold chain and locket, and three £1-notes. The keystone of the arch of the new stone bridge over the Darebin Greek, at Alphington, was set yesterday, by Mr. William Dunn (in the absence, from illness, of Dr. R. Martin, J.P.,) in the presence of a large assemblage of the residents of the district. This bridge is now rapidly approaching completion, and will be opened within a month. A boy named Robert Leett was taken to the hospital on Saturday evening, suffering from fractures of some of his ribs, and other minor injuries, resulting from having been run over in the street. It seems the lad at the time of the accident was crossing the intersection of Bourke and Swanston streets, when he was knocked down and run over by a horse and cart driven by a lad of about sixteen, named George Mar- shall. We were informed last night that the sufferer was in a fair way of amendment The lad in charge of the horse was detained by the police, and will be charged this morning at the court with carelessly driving in the street. . The City Council hold their usual weekly meeting at half-post two this afternoon. The business announced on the notice-paper is of a merely routine character, and will no doubt be despatched within the limits of a very brief sitting. The South Atutralian Register of June 23,' referring to a statement in the New Zealandcr, that the remainder of the 40th Regiment have been ordered to embark for New Zealand from their present stations in Australia and Tas- mania, says :-" We do not believe that any orders have been received in Adelaide with respect to the detachment of the 40th stationed here." A robbery from the shop of Mr. C. It Blackett, chemist, Napier-street, Fitzroy, was reported to the police on Saturday night. It appears that during an interval while the shop was left unattended on Saturday even- ing a cash- box was abstracted from an unlocked desk, by some unknown persons. The box contained four bills of exchange, drawn by Ed. Sayce upon and accepted by John Sayce, and payable at the Bank of Victoria, for £108, £127 12s., £148 16s., and £184 16s., respectively. These bills have not arrived at maturity. Two crossed cheques, drawn by Mr. J. C. Tyers upon the Bank of Australasia, for £1 12s. 9d. and £1 4s. ; a pro- missory note for £9 3s., in favour of- Blackett; cash in notes, gold, and silver, to the amount of about £12, and a gold watch were also among the contents of the stolen box. Commanding officer's parade of the Carlton Rifles will be held this evening, at half-post seven. Mr. F. Woodhouse's painting of " The Start for the Melbourne Cup, 1862," will be disposed of by raffle this evening, at the Albion Hotel. The public will, therefore, have an opportunity of seeing it to-day for the last time before it passes into the hands of the fortunate winner. Those versed in turf matters will recognize in the picture not only the horses, but also the jockeys engaged; for, by an unusual accident of art, Mr. Wood- house has not only produced the veri-simili- tudes of the quadrupeds, but has, in addition, conveyed to the canvas very fair portraits of their riders. The painting well deserves in- spection by all who take any interest in mat- ters conncoted with the turf. On Saturday night the Theatre Royal was crowded in all parts of the house by an en- thusiastic audience, in welcome of the "grand revival" of the tragedy of "Hamlet," with ' entirely new sconeiy, dre33es, and appoint- ments." It wil I probably be remembered that it was in the character of the Piince of Den- mark that Mr. Barry Sullivan first introduced himself to a London audience ia 1851, and that in August, 18G2, as Hamlet, he made his first appearance in Melbourne. On the latter occasion Mr. Sullivan laboured under great disadvantages, in consequence of the company that had bean hostily got together by the then lessee of the Boyal being, with two or three indh idual excep- tions, altogether unworthy of the principal theatre in this city. Undor the^e civenm stances, it was scarcely tî Le wondered at that the great merit of the leading tragedian was less prominent to tho attention and recollection of the.'patrons of the drama than it would have been when his efforts wero supported by those of a good stock company, comprising actors and actrcsse3 of roputation and experience. The brilliant appearance of the houso on Saturday ovening, and the warmth of the reception accorded to Mr. Sulli- van must havo been especially gratifying to tho latter, and would probably have reminded him of the hearty welcomo he received in this character at the Haymarket Theatre in London, and in subsequent years at tho Royal in Melbourne. Mr. Barry Sullivan's ad- mirable performance of Hamlet has already been critically reviewed in our columns, with a detailed notice of the specialties of his reading of the character. Without returning to this debateable ground, upon which oiudi tion and pedantry have so frequently ex- hausted themselves, and fatigued the gene- ral readers of magazines and journn1«, it may bo observed that since the time when Mr. Sullivan appeared in Hamlet in 1851 thcra has not appeared a new actor of this character who has been able to maintain a leading position, with the exception, perhaps, of M. Fechter, and his merits as a personator of the great characters of Shakspeare can scarcely yet have been fully proved. Both before and since the time when Mr. Mortimer De Courcy Plantagenet Pott (an amateur whose other stage efforts have boon lost to posterity) essayed a new conception of the cause of Ham- let's melancholy, that it orose from tho young prince's extreme obesity ("Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would meit," &c.;), and accordingly dressed tho character so that it refcmblcd a Falstaff at a funeral-the performance was hoc repeated-enere nave oeen many tneories and speculations as to the propriety or critical accuracy of small matters of words or syllables. To these " now readings" in the part .of Hamlet it has beon the custom for theatrical censors and critics to give an airing whenever a now or great actor's ap pearanco as the melancholy Piinco of Denmark furnished thom with an excuse for tho act. Exorcising on this occasion for- bearance in this regard, it may yet be observed that the reading and the by- play adopted by Mr. SuHivan are generally sup poited by the traditions of Kemble and Kean respectively. On Saturday night tho tragedy, as represented, wus a great intellectual feast, and it appeared to be enjoyed as heartily as possible by the audience. The principal characters -were thus distributed:-Goitrudo, Queen of Denmark, Mrs. Robert Heir ; Ophelia, Miss Sosa Dunn; Polonlus, Mr. Lambert; Ghost, Mr. Robert Heir; Laertc3, Mr. Fitz- gerald ; Claudius, Mr. Ireland ; Horatio, Mr. Hopo ; and Gravedigger, Mr. C. Young. The piec3 has been vory well put upon the stage, and the new scenery (by Mr. W. Pitt and existants) was pleasing and effective. "Ham- let," with a shoit farce as an afterpiece, will be repeated every evening until furtber notice. It is a very unusual circumstance to record, but it is yet to be noted, that on Saturday evening money was refused at tho ohtranco doors all over the house. The revlvel of the " Peep o' Day" at tho Hay- market on Saturday evening drew a full HouBe. The play was fairly cast, and very well put upon the stage; and Mr. Stewart and Miss Julia Mathows, who were tbo -Barney O'Toolo and Mary Grace of the evening, received the honour of a call beforo tho cur- tain at the close of the piece. A pas de deux by Frauline Fannie and Mr. Leopold, and the first act of " Robert Macaire, " with Mr, Stewart ob tho knavish hero of tho play, made up tho bill of faro of tho evening. An entertainment novel in Melbourne, though of a class popular in the mother country, was produced for the first time at the Polytechnic Instituts on Saturday evening. In this instance, the entertainment is en- titled " Birch's Holiday Trip," and consists of the exhibition of a diorama and the delivery by the visitors cicerone, Mr. Birch, of a dis- course-a milange of explanatory statements and facetious anecdotes, intermixed with eba racter-representatlons and humorous songs. The diorama represents a series of celebrated European views, and is newly painted by Messrs. Hennings and Tannett, whose re- putation it will maintain. The dialogue is smartly wiittan, and Mr. Birch delivers it trippingly. This gentleman's performance on Saturday was his first appearance beforo an Australian audience He scon placed himself, however, on capital teims with visitors. The charaotor sketches which ho introduces aro slight, water-colour sketches thoy may be taimed, but they are marked by an off-hand neatness which told woll with the audience. The bashful young man- about the happiest of the impersonations-became a favourite with them at once ; while the songs wero given in a style which quite won their good opinion. The entertainment, reminding one of the Egyptian Ha'l, Piccadilly, was well patronised, a largo number of parsons, over 2C0, having to be refused admission, for want of accommodation. 