I The "jtfortlittm's" Mail. i _ ."híjiigli «Mao po«l»i iiiuadveiittire, the Uler portion of our file» hy tho Northam ha» not coiiih to hand, and wo thereforH takn from thw .V. M. lUr.ild the following extract«, principally r<-puüln,hett Lorn the líomr Aewti TUB MAMUAGK. Latu Into tho night or Saturday, the "iii March. 1603, tho ex clteinmt »tiring from the ai rival and reception of the I'rlncMj Alexandra throbbed thrungli tliu town» ut Wlmlnor am) Hum, Mid »titioidcil only as »timby ami It» church bull« broke lolcmnly upon tim Inhabitant«. For tlmt ilay there was a itnli'ly fiimli over the scene of the recuit rejoicing*! Um lllslioii "I Oxlord preached in Ml. <i>otgc'n Chapel i und the presence of grvnt pcrfoimge» in ai,ij nlioul the castle was nmiillcaled Uy Ibu air ot unuiuul slate tlmt pervaded till Hie uptiruachcs. Hut .Sunday had lonrcely fiuii«l into midnight when Ibu bust/, ol preparations tor fresh labours uf love and lovitlty began tu bu bearii nguiu. Monday was a «ala day. and n'üay ol high cx ncctotioiii In Windsor »nil Its neighbourhood. Tim Prince and 1'rlnccsi drove out lu an open carriage, and showed themselves to everybody, ami were uverywlieic received willi r«netved acclamations ol delight and devoilon, Other great people were in uiovenieiit all day lotit» lu ctirilngcs, ami on horsetrack and on loot, and tim street«, road«., ami parks wore alive willi joyous bustle. If the whola population brought out lino the open air by the occasion, or Idling lu windows and ualooiiieif, were going to be married themselves, tliey could nut hnvu illipl.iyetf greater enlliusiusni. Than carno u magnificent display of «rework! In the Homo Park tit night, which is told to have transcended all pre- vious efforts In thal way, mid willoh was witnessed from the windows and terraces ot tliu castle by the illustrions and dis- tinguished persons who, to the number ol upwards ol' one hun- dred, were the Queen's gueHts that day. Tliu last echoes ol'tho pyrotechnic explosions, whose blaze was like a burst of Hame over the Datchet meadow, lighting up the whole Biirroundlng country, had scarcely died away, when the people returned their preparations for the festive morning that was about lo dawn. "1 lie Hump of men mid the roll ol carriages were heard at nn unusually eatly hour in the Btrcets of Windsor, aud the inhabitants were abroad with the dawn. Full as the town was of strangers-as muoh as £5 having been asked tor three berts und sitting-room for the one night the morning traîna in rapid mtcee<*loii brought an immense ac- cession of visitors. It soon became a serious question us to bow tiley were all to be disposed of. Unes ol'galleries, commanding au admirable view of the route ol' the procession, and extend- ing from the private ground» to the iron gates, were early Ulled w lill spectators; und tho coultyard ol' the castle was furnished with pint lorim to accommodate n large number of persons. The first stir that sent n palpitation throughout the masses of people who were then assembled was the appearance on the ground, at about half-past ton o'clock, of the Coldstream CruardB. They were soon lonnedao as to keep tho line leading from the pula through which tin, procnMou-mi-iiv more lu Hit. - entrance for bilde und bridegroom. With, the Coldstream» were united in this duty the Berkshire Volunteers, under Colo- nel Lindsny. The Grenadiers and Fusiliers weie on duty in other parts of the ground. At eleven o'clock the 1st Regiment ol' the Horse Guards came lu and took their stations, and im- mediately after the Kton scholars, till of thurn wearing rosettes, made a rush up tho hill, and stutioned themselves on the south side behind the Horse Guards. At a quarter-past eleven all admissions within the castle gates were stopped, and the spec- tacle which then presented itself was brilliant in the highest degree. The east end of the broad drive, where it connects it- self with the park, moy be regarded as the buae of a triangle, the sides of which run gradually narrowing till tiley for-n tile main road at the town entrance to the castle. Along this roadway, and immediately behind the Guards, stood n double line of spectators. Behind these, on the south side, rose the upper and middle platforms, lull ol gentlemen and ladles-the former with rosettes, the latter glittering in their bright soarlet, blue, and magenta mantle», and their light and flowered bon- nets. Still further down, in the hollow of the slope, nnd sur- rounding the door by which the brldnl procession was to enter the Chapel Royal, was the third platform, occupied by u more highly favoured and a more brilliantly attired group. In the distance, on the north side, lose Hie grey, solid frame of the grand old castle Itself, in flue contrast with tho hot and varied colouring on the opposite side. The coup d' oil, as it took in the whole view, with the flags floating from the tri- umphal arch belore the oastle gates, and enlivened by rays of »unlighr, buch as of themselves neverfail to cxhilirate any crowd in the month of March in this northern clime, was atonccmug nllicent and invigorating, and, when taken in connection with the event with which it was associated, may be regarded as combining with the artistic and the natural something ol the sympathetic nnd the Bublime. The morning had broken with a slight chill, altera frosty night; but as the sun ascended tho heavens the day became bright und warm, difluahig ti genial lustre over the scene. There were plenty of incidents to nmuso the crowds during the interval before the processlou begun to move. Shortly be- fore eleven, I'rlnco Christian, the father of the t'riuoess Alexandra, and the Duke of Cambridge were recognised In the Home Park, and received a warm greeting. They bud strolled out apparently to see something of Hie gathering around the castle walls before donning state garments. A little later in the morning, an incident of another kind occasioned considerable merriment. An elderly man in very plain clothes, ac- companied by two porters, the one carrying a blue bag well Ulled, the other a carpet one not quite bo bulky, passed up the 'centro of the entire line, and, entering the gate from which the procession issued, was lest to view wubin the royal castle itself. A Jew carrying away his " ole clo," or a poor traveller unable to pay for a cab, oould not have been more unexpected ut such a time nnd place, but, al- though everyone laughed and wondered what he did there, tho mystetious stranger passed unconcernedly along, gatekeepers, policemen, and soldiers yielding to the lutctit influence which he possessed, of whtitever sort it might be. At half-past eleven the first carriage of the procession to the chnptl approached the gates, when all at ouce there wa» a bustle of commotion, und every eye was tliiected to its approach. The lirst part of the procession consisted or Hie royal guests. Tiley caine in seven state carriages. The lirst three carriages contained equerries, adjutant.*, und gentlemen in attendance on the loyal pi rouages who occupied the re- maining four. In the Hist of which were»oated li. II. the Maha- rajah Dhulcep Slug, his S. Ii. Priuce Edward ol Saxe Weimar ; and his S. II. the Prince of Leinlngen ¡ tliu others being princi- pally occupied by members ol' the family of the Princess Alex- andra. The splendour of the Mnlwinjuh Dhulcep .Singh's ap- pearance in his turban and oriental robes crusted with jewels and resplendent with gold, wus a theme of universal admira- tion, His muuillcent gift to the Princess Alexandra ol a bouquet holder, which cost £1000, was amply rewarded by the henny cheers which greeted lum as the carnage passed along the line. The sixth and seventh carriages, containing the sisters nnd brothers ot the bride, wore watched with great intei OBt, and receh ed with loud acclamations, which were very cordially and graceliilly acknowledged. At a quarter before twelvexi'clneTcannrarod )i>o «"o.,j re- cession, consisting ot the royal family and household, occupying eleven earringT The lirst six contained tliu household, and the remaining live the members of the royal family, the last being occupied by her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of I'ruesla and her little sou, 1'riuco William of Prue?ia liach carriage as it passed was heartily clieeied. Prince Leopold aud Prince Arthur were in Highland costume, und they appeared highly to enjoy their reception, lint, pel hap-, the most enthu- siastic cheering up to this point was lur the Crown Princess ol' 'Prussia. She was looking extremely well,.and her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great advantage tis she partially rose from her sent in acknowledgment of the public acclamations. Next followed, at twelve o'clock precisely, the procession of the bridegroom. Public expectation wus now nearly wrought to its height. There was but one sight more to transcend the interest ol' this part ol the ceremonial Tin>re were 3ix carria- ges, five of which were occupied by members ol' the different royal households, and in the last silt his Itoyul Illgimcts the bridegroom, and tile Reigning Duke of äaxe-Coburg and Gotha and the Crown Prince ot Prussia, his supporters or groomsmen. The Prince looked pate and anxious, and there was now and then u twitching ol tile lip», as though his Itoyul Highness were striving to control any exhibition ot nervous feeling or agitation, AVIth whito nhoulder-knote, and collar of the Order of the Garter over his blight uni- form, lie had a gullant ana noble look, aud witli grace and animation repeatedly acknowledged the Ucarty plaudits with willoh he was received. In another quarter of an hour caine the procession of the bride, shorter lint incomparably mole interesting than any ol' its predecessors. Trumpets und Life Guntds seldom before ap- pealed to such bealing hearts as on tills occasion. There were only four carriages. In tile first, second, und third caine clmmbeilalus anti ladies in attendance; and in the fourth ap- peared, to the induite delight ot tile thousands of spectators, the bride, supported by tile Duke ol Cambridge and Piince Christian of Denmnik. As their royal highnesses pnssed down the line the outbursts of affectionate devotion exceeded, it Unit were possible, the exhibition of the previous Saturday. Slit looked very pale; but there wus lemarkable expression of sweetness in her eyes, which showed that the pallor was occa- sioned by the novelty of her situation, and not by any senti- ment of melancholy or distrust. The white veil falling lightly from her head, and the wedding wreath which sat gracefully upon her head, formed ouo ol' the most charming pictures the Imagination ot n painter could conceive. Tim several processions have now entered St. George's Chapel, and we must lollow them. The poich mid arched passages leading to the nave were filled soon after nine o'clock. The western entrance, opening Into Hie upper part ol thu nnve, was not opened till alter ten o'olock. The assemblage was gradually filtered through into tim nave, and the gentlemen ol' the Loid Cham- berlain's department Anally distributed the happy atoms along the scarlet benches wltlnn. As drilt upon drill of those favoured with tickets oame fluttering from the doorways, each succeeding row higher and higher was occupied. At eleven o'clock there was no more room, and tho doora wero cloFed. Many of the most distinguished famlles and persons in the empire were represented ou these benches. Tho sight was one of marvellous splendour nnd beauty, as may be lulcncdfrom the tuet that Hie number of ladles exceeded that ol'gentlemen by three to one. With respect td Hie general eflcot, it should be observed that it was the wish ol the Sovereign iliut bright colours should bo avoided, and that mauve, lnvender, or light blue should be worn. The result w ua charming, because it pro- duced a harmony ol colour such tis has never been witiinsed before. It would bo an excellent thlug ifn similar regulation were enjoined on all stato occasions. II thero was something lost In the way ul'conliust, which laolteu violent, it was amply cuimterbalaiioed by ihe gain in ihe blended tone of'tbeenaemble While these eeuts were lilllng, the gallery near the organ began to bo ulive with the singers and musicians engaged to tuke part in the sei vice. Amongst the number we recognised the familiar laces of John Parry, Hilo. German Keed, and Jenny During the interval of suspense that followed the closing ot tlie doors, the nave is troddeu singly or in groups by the dlgni turiea und guests, who are filing uno their placeB. Conspicuous amongst them is a well-known figure, once the erect, soldierly, Blroni type or the strong mau -who fought in lamoua holds half a couttny ngo, and who Is still «gilling biavely against the in- roads ol time. Covered with honours, us he is laden with year«, lorim is now ninety-four, who Hut sees Stapleton, Viscount Coriibermeie, in that exuet uniform, marching down the centre ofthennvein the lustrom boots for which the dashing horse I man of K1 Horton was distinguished, remembers .that he sirved , in Flauders before Napoleon founded a dynasty, mid iii India ' long before tho gi eat company hud ceased to fear llppoo, ' before the Mahrattas were broken, and before the power ot the Slkli8 was heard ol ? ' ,'..,?;",?" , , lhere is a mysterious reception chnmuer.Jiiddon by the rich folds ol ttvust^lrupeiyol purple sill:, and within are walting the invited guests ot the Queen, ready.to form into ii pro- cession, when the proper moment comes. Ou a i-uddou lur remoto indeed-ore henrd from the world beyoud the wulla the bars ol " God Save the Queen," and as they ino yet sounding nearer nnd nearer, 'the purple curtain is druwn back, and there entera into "the nave the procession of the royal gucats. We cannot undertake to enu- merate them ; they have been already ohrqntoled in the court ' lists, and are familiar to thu reader ol those records. Pionu . nent amongst thom, or, rather, first, lor h.o heads the prooejslpn, 1 is his Highness Dlmleep ¡singh. The representative of the ! ¡dories of the Khalsii, the descendant o the Lion ol Lahore, is I resplendent iii olothof gold kirkob, with collar of pearls ur.d sheen ol' yellow sutin ; and it is strange to see him here among the tiiii- iiuirod Norsemen and Teutons, whose boldest adven tures h id never led thom within hull'the world's circumference ot the land we have made our own Next to the Mi.han.juh is I'rliio« lîdward of Saxo. Weimar, who fought in our ranks at t kerman, r and the illustrious line is closed by Colonel Sey- mour, "vito stood near utlmml iuth.it terrible press ol men. When he«e had-all passed into the chapel, the music ceased, . nu sUoce followed or a little while. Then, once more the nie curta ns were thrown open, the l rumpera gave lortli their "a s to the roll of the kettle.im.ns. and the t. ain of purs« vants nd heralds, two by two, mai died slowly towards He chapel, eadIna"the «rent procession of the Royal Family and the Queen's lt.'usthold. The «Ifcot. of tin» proccwiun, slow m pace brightly coloured, and proudly resplendent, was very SlrulTuna ita beauty and its interest were gren.ly cn iiinçed by the presence of the children of the house ende, red to lie nation by the virtues and soi rows ol the;Queen. 1 hem e ir iiuco of the young I'rlnciBsesot Unglaiidelicited a universal ex presslon ol profound admiration »»'^B>'l''l,utl,,y;t,,Al,lrmi ho Crown Prlucets ol Piussiu came, liadlnjr b> tliu llano MB little Royal i Ugueä9 Prince William ol Prussia, whose tiny gait wasi revealed by a Highland co-luuie. n soit sound stole thiough the nave, which the genius ol the pl.tce uloue repressed from swelling into an enthusiastic developu enr. Ii it it was, nevertheless, the index to lue feelings ol the iinglish heart. Again Hit- flourMi of trumpet« ami (io rall of dmmi a wuk« the echo*»(if th* chapel, a«<l limpnutailon of Hie bridtiruo* »nier*, and paw« up the nave, «wryy)e looking every head paying homage to the."'-"? vryty» looking bleating*, a1' -.-"-,-- -- yowg I'rlnoc, wliuremllljV coitutnu I« almoH concealed under lil mantle of Ilio (pirtcça,l vinori toward* the kciid »here lli&lrusm; of hi« yuusc t/0 '. te b» riallnrtl. * ' Another brief Intrrral. and tim «ruin open» again oi<l Hi« lau procetaloii ciuirgii«, lu 111» ml«t uf willoh, rallH' «ilko willi har ami liojie. the urMv ndwieer. Iut train hunt lield by right unuiarrled Jailglilcri- ul duli', marquee*, aii'tarli. We must now paM out of the i»ve lulu Hie eliot, whoro ex- clusive precinct« aro merved lofuyalty, anil thohigh Ullotm of «tate alune. It is a «actuary vorthy ol such (rescue*; The placel« lull of historical Hinno!*«, which al on« tinah terms the mind, but which we have ne time to Unger iver now; Up tho centre »I Hie chapel lu a riu' carpet, worked at the tiritera with Hie prince'« plume and mil», and lila oin' and lila l/idc'a inonugraui. Near the altar la trained dall nppiuaahed by luce broad ktepa, mid giving uu ami« platform lorttie accomuodn tlun ni Hie bridal party. It I covered tilth jfatlor-blue Velvet olotll, on Which !?; ¿'tilin! lli£ltl liuikMhiTuilur rone, uncrcled by the mo! to of the garter, tround nre ci'luitfui and goldncaM willi Irlngi-s mid Wacla ol lillian deruen» have been reuoveil on all »Mea, uni! ncooinmoillloii beuche« provided lor ti» in- vited guetta. A special pla*, Hint »caret to Hi« ultnr, h re ?ervca fur Iho Itoyal Acuduiiclnn, Mr. W. V. Frith, wto, lu full emu t costume, alts her to tnkii lila drawings for thufcrent piutureol the Itoynl Mnrriuc, which he la lo pulnt by comiiaiid, mid for the copyright of wich a higher Mim Ima been paldtluui vrnacvcrbelore oirered loany pic!nie. The seat aelecte! for .Mr. Frith is iirimcdliitly behind tho royal persouagia on the Hunt l'us, fruin wlilli point the design la to bo tiken. Above the altar, on ne left, jutting out from the {«'all, lu the rnvul pew, covorJ with qualin old carvings, nul still more cmloua heraldic uibhizon menta, built In the dnts of Heury VII., when kin» were expecled lu lie present ii the " low or kneeling ma» every morning, l'art 01 the paneling Is removed li oin theirunt, and its antique window alls arc draped with maaoive tlda ol' purple velvet, irlnged richly and deeply with bullion Ice. This Is for her Majesty, omi the lloor of the pcw'lïas beti heightened inside so that the wlldow sills reitoh no higher huit about u tout Iruin the lloor, illa her Mujealy might see, nul be seen, na alie waa throughout tho ceremony. ! The moving out ofhonrldsund others in gorgeous ofTicict coa turnea, and the uulcraul buzz oi expectation, amiounct tim rapid approach ol tie hour when the cruvnlngnct of linday la to be solemnized.1 I'eople begin to arrive tu luke their jiucea in the atulls. The list to enter is the Muroliioiiess ol' Ailcstiury, who takes her seatin aatnllol u Knight uf the Carter. Is If they had been wulingl'ur tilla cxuiupio to beset,and for nome one to break the sntely aolltude ol ibu shrine, many Jadieslol low the Marchionias quickly-I.nrty lid ward Seymour mid .Lady De Ros, and the Countess A. mid M. JJaiincslijold and Vis- countess Torrington. Mr. Frith seats himnell next to th» (Jouateasnf OulSincsSi and the Countess uf Derby, like Hie .llarchionehs of Allcsbury, dressed in blue, amita herself, near where the bannir ot her noble husband droops over lils vacant stall. Then foltow in rapid succession the Marchioness of Ely, Comilesa Cowfey, Countesa of Spencer, Viscountess Comber more; uucutMi or at- Albans, Marchioness ol' Westminster, Countess Gleichen, Viscountess <r«,u»ij,n, Duchess of Athole, Countess of Gainsborough, Countess ol Sluouicatleld. Couitess of Deaui-t, Marchionea» of Carmarthen, Countess Ducie, lady Canioya, Countess of lieasborough, Yiscouulesa Bury, an¿ the wile of the Deputy-Chamberlain, Viscountess tíustlensse, whose aiiperb toilette provokes admiration oven in that uiem blage of rank and wealth. All are in full court dress, witt the exception that they wear no trains, and all, without exception, are di cased in velvet or Batiu, either or blue, mauve, or tiolct colour, the latter being the prevailing tone. All, too, Ivear feathers and diuraondiln their hair, and some ahow tiariàs of bi-illianta almost lurge'enoiigh to form head-dresses, so com- pletely du the glitleriijg jewels cover the head like a egul crown. The last of the peeresses to arrive Is Lady l'almoi ton. She has been detained at the railway utntioii, «nd has been enabled to reach the chapel lu time only with the grenlea dif- ficulty. Almost the iiisL male visitors lo put in an appearance ii Sir George Grey, who comes accompanied by Lntly Grey. They take their places on the left, and are quickly followed by Lord and Loily Stanley of Alderley, Sir Clmrlcs uud Lady tury Wood, Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr. mid Mrs. Cardwell, the Milter of Trinity, tho Councillor of the Exchequer and Mrs. tllad atonc, Ludy Alfred Taget, the Kurland Countess of Hardwicke, Lord Harris, the Karl and Countess ul Suffolk, the Duko cr St. Albans, the Duke ot Athole, the Dnko nnd Duchess ol' Airylc, Earl und Conutcss Pela Warr, Lady l'roby, Lord ChmTliill, Sir G. C. Lewis, lion. Mra. Vi. Cowper, Lady A. Jiruce, Miss Biddulph, Mrs. C Urey, Mrs. Wellesley, the Duchess of Somer- set, and the Countess ot Shaftcsbury. All the genileinei aro in full official uniform, and wear the chief insiguiu ol' whajever orders they have the honour to possess, collara and uadfis in the lullest átate. The Lord and Lady Mayoress are arauigst the laie arrlvulB. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli ure also late. [Hie leader ot the Opposition is iu his Windsor uniform, and Mrs. Disraeli is radiant with diamonds. \ Now comes the Knights of the-Garler, cxcilluga loud furn of admiration as they sweep up the choir like a procession of monarch«, with their long velvet mantles ol imperial Hue, looped at the shoulders with white riband, trailing ufter taein, headed by the Premier himself. After all the knights wetc seated, the Lord Chancellor, in lils state robes, ana carrying the Great Seal, passes in a'slow und stately pace up the choir- alone, buta perfect pugcahtin himself-to his sent at the head of all. It l8 now a quarter ¡o twelve, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enter», followed by the Bishop of London, attending as Dean ol the Chapels Itoyal, the Bishop of Oxford, na Chancellor ni the Order of, the Garter: the Bishop of Wiacheater, as its freíate : the Bilhop of Cheilcr, as Clerk of the Closet ; and the Dean of Windsor, aa lteglstror of the Order of the Garter, with tho canonsiand minor canons oí the chapel, The suffingnn bishops stand aside us the dula is reached, and make way for tho Primate, who passes at once to the north ofthu altar, and the dean, robed in scarlet, with the canons, tuke their places tu the south, lior a minute the prelates kneel in prayer, then rise, and ttaud in line inside the rails. This is followed by a slight i ustle of silks aud cliukiiigol jewelled orders as nearly the whole corps diploma- tique come in and luke their places underneath the lioyul pew -showing literally like a cluster of gold und jewels that equals even the appearance of the Knights of the Garter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which even whispers are audible, and the rusile uf the diva.'ca comes with ii noise as their fair wearers turn to survey Hie scene around. Suddenly, there i.-f justa perceptible movement-a kiuil of consciousuess that something lins just occurred, which tulla al 1 once that the Queen Is either coining or bus come, and all eyes ure quietly directed towards the quaint old pew iu the wall. lu another instant the Queen herself appeals, accompanied by his Itoyal Highness the Duke of Saxe-Oobiirg aud Gotha, the brother ot the late Prince, aud, as wo all know, so like lum us to ranko the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of her Majesty. The Queen wearatbu simplest and plainest of widow's weeds-a widow's cap, u black silk dress, with white collaraud culfa, and black gloves. The only colors winch ap- pear upon her are the star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue riband, narrowed to Hie width her Mnjeity usuully vreav», across her lett bhoulder. _SI>»J.>»>--»"- '-»m., i>uv iiilmier -nuu'uiuer, w11" trie permanent tiaceaot deepgriet ui'd care" stamuod on every lineament ol her tentures. She «Hinds at the window ol the Royal pew, a little with- drawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at nil by those on thu opposite side ol the choir glaucing quietly luto the in- terior, while the Duke of Saxe-Couurg speaks, and apparently explains to her the arrangements going on below tor the great ceremony which has ditiwn her lorih from her mourning and seclusion. Aller a lew minutes, she stats herself u little away fiom the window, and the duke retires, the lion. Mrs. R. llrucc, elad like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his pluce. It ¡s twelve o'clock, und the noise of cheering ann be hejid outside, and theu a pause, broken after a lew minutes by the great rustle and peculiar lima which chu great mass ol'visitors in the nave make on rising. The first ot the three processions is at hand, but no one moves in the choir till the glittering tile is seen, headed by heralds and great «incurs of state, corning rank in rank in stately order, ming on" to the right und lett as they enter the choir, till tiley reach the dais, which none but the most illustrious may ascend. Dhulcep Singh, with Prince lîdwuid ol Saxe Weimar and the Prince ol Lelningiu, in his uuilorm as captain in the lingli-h navy, head the line of royal guests, but it is on the sister ol the bride, the lovely Princess Dagmar of Deumark, followed by her royal mother, leading in eacn hand the Piincess Thyra and Prince Waldemar, tliut all looks are centred ai with stately steps they slowly pass up the cuntie. All us they reach the steps of the Haut Pos turn mid make a deep aud reverend obeisance to her .Majesty, which her Majesty, rising and ad- vancing to tile front, graciously acknowledges. Of llune royal personages, it may be remarked here that none attracted moie notice Hum Hie bride's mother, the Princess Christian, and lier two yuung duughters, the Princesses Dag- mar tied 1'hyru, the younger oeing apparently about ten years of age. These princesses are both remarkably huudsome, and the elder bears a strong i esemblnnce to her sister, the Princesa Alexandra. It must, however, be oonlessed that their royal mother monopolised attention, and perhapa equally excited sur- prise. The Prlucess Christian looks moro Uko u Bister of the bride than tier mother. Her beauty, her courtly galt, and her supeib omi exquisite costume, rlvetted every eye. In point of iim"til(lceiiee of apparel the Princess Cluistlau waa perhaps the mo"t striking personage in the entire cei emonlal. The body and trntu oi her ti.ess we.u composed ol' the liolustviulct-coloured velvet; the skirt, of white mono autique, elaborately worked j willi gold linead. Upon tho bodice were diamond ornament?, and on the head ndiuuioitd Ham with white plumes, willie aeioss the breast stretched the se írlet uud white ribbon of Den- mark. As the long train, sweeping down the nave, was borne behind the Princess Christian, it was impossible to help feeling that a right royal and rmely lovely woman wustheie, inde- pendently of lier being an object of such stiong interest us mother of the bride. As soon as the Royal guests had taken their places, Dhuleop Singli and the Prince ot Leiningen occupying »eats iu Iront of the altur on the southern tide, the prooessiun of the Royal family and the Queen's household appeared. The Prinofss Mary ol Cambridge, her mugulliceut trail, borne by Lady .Edith Soineiset, moves up the oholr willi the most stalely grace. At the dais her attendunt pauses, and she tutus to guther her train over her m in, and, moving lo thu centre, mukc9 a profound courtesy to lier Majesty, then passes at once to her place at the north ut the altar, ia iront and just beneath those treasures of ironwork, Hie gates of Quentyn Mntiys. As she passes in, the Duchess of Cambridge follows, with like state and ceremony, and then the Princes« ileatrlce, Princess Louise, and,the Princess Helena ujcet.il in turn, fallowed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the ituyul tartan. All bow and courtesy deeply to the Queen, and the Princess Helena, who wears ti fruin, gathers hers ou lier arm like the i es1, and seals Uersell near the Duchess ol Cambridge The next is the Princesa Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants ; then the Princes« Royal, looking ns yotini', as amlablu, mid as timid as when, willi slow stop-« she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Royal, but this time leading by the hand a line little boy who, all un awcd'by tim etalely pomp around, dragged on bia mother's ann as he looked behind hltu at the pageant, and with difficulty brought li in little feet to surmount the three steps of the Haut Pus. All have risen na they enter, and, the Queen now rises too, aud bows to lier diiuglttcr-wltli a kind mid win- ning smile-tho first »lint has paäaeil across her lace since she entered the chapel, Her Majesty huí evidently found nn Ob- ject which deeply Interests her, mid instead ol' seating herself ..gain she remains at tile clo- iet window, watching her royal ohildren as tiley pass one after another to their seats beneath ; and even when they are seated she leans over the fiont mid je mains ga/.!n" down at thom Bteudüy with an expression ot fond pride which is unmistakable, aud in which no ttacu of giiet caiibcdiseoveieduow. ,.",.,, " , Again the kettle-drums and trumpet». I lils time all rise, ex- cept the Queen herself, mid remain stuniliug lupietfully, for It is the bridegroom that approaches, lie comes slowly up the choir partly followed and purtlv accompanied hy the Duke of fjaxe-CObuig and the Prince ol Prussia. Tim " Wedding March" ¡s played na they advance, und the Queen rises mid comes fully foi ward us the Haut l'a-i is reached, and the three uscend mid tina In Une towards lier, bowing deeply. The Duke of Saxe-Coburg und the P.incu of Piussla retire to tile south »Ide of the altar, and the biidegroom, ulter kneeling a few seconds in prayer, rises anti Blands"' the rose and expec- tancy ol' this fair state," in the centru of the llaut'Pns, alone, 'with hil fucu towards the Queen.,, With the easy grace I hut seem9 natural lo uti his notions he stood alone, tliu watched and observed ol all observers, neither b.ashlul 'nor conliilent, but with a manly royal beni lug that became his illustrloui blrth'atid exalted station, lie looked round upon tlie splendid scene ioru moment quietly mid easily ; ano hi« every movement, lils look, his very bearing, seemed in lils vivid llkcncs to his royal father to iinprcs-t aud'iimd/e all-even those who bv their rank and station might be supposed to bo the most lanulior willi Ids tatures. As the sound of cheering was heard without, marking lim coming ol Jus youthful bride, he kept turning his head every moment, for from tylicro he stood In the centre oi the nitor, Ile could see through tho toreen und down the nave beyond to where the crimson curtains would Hide the marshalling ol' the bride's procession. Oltcn and olten did he glance this way, but the curíalas were motion- less apd nave no sign ot the coming forth ot her whom nil now watched lor with eager expectation. ' ' i At lust with a ..eatchmgouroi trumpets, which utflrstare . mullled into a rich indistinctness behind thu curtain», the long looked for procession of the bl ide ent ers, nnd the prince, giving one look to satWy himself ol' the fact ol the arrival, keeps lils eves lived mum the Queen, and never turns lils head again till his «11 Ä'br do stands beside bim. The Queen immediate y role id, bending forward Irom her closet, stood prepared to receive a idI towelcome her future daughter. At ml» moment tlmsunbiuke out lu great billlumcy. and, sl.lmugdown ti. thu chimel fell-directly upon tie Queen's head anti lace, and seemed to ¡llu.ninalu Um shadow recessed about the pilt ir hubïy aiigury, let us Hope, oi the «utifihiuo ot the heart that will rest on theprlnccBS uud ker home. The huih wa* now m iW *nd broillilo« that oven the rett let« glitter ol tho Jaw»* "'at twinkled everywhere rettmct aluioti to break li, au» <!**plta the »Ulely etiquette whluli had hlllierto rcgulaltd c> 'Y word bud gesture ull uow bent lar und eagerly forward n/llio hum mid ruitl» iu the note bujond .huweit the youri Mile to bo driHlng near lu ano lur minute alie lum aillerai, and «toad the fuirait and almuiii the >oung<ji ol all her lovel) tram thal bloomed iu fair array tichlmlhcr though not ugltucd dm appeared ncrvoM and iii j ault delicate bloom ol olour willoh ordinarily Impart» u look ol Joyoiu I «ni'lnciir to hircxpreuivo feature« had all bul illvippcered .< willi Iliad bent down butgUiicliigocoa>loimlly from .ide io »lili »he numil « uni) uptunardslliualtiir H un a» ahn no» npptared, hur gulden urown huir controlling willi the wreath ol orange hloiaouii and the rich till dcpindiiiir from it her deep eye« duelling from under its ahadtm, mid her rtgutar features ai exquisitely funned ui thu Idial ol n «culptur. It ia no exaggeration lo wy tliatalio iaioluutod the a luilrutioii ol all who hudlliu fcooil lurtuiio tolnliold lur Lunloilt la abaorbetl by Uti* channing bri le She alone ol all thai iiiugitlllcuil a»icuiblu|,u la now watched nilli anxious mid luvlu> e)ta 1 ¡um Hie way iu which her luce In shaded by Hit veil and nur looks aro bent lomani us «ho udvaucu it U illtllcuK to »te her tintures more lull), but us «he mars the altar «ho dropi tier arm and for the tint time appears beneath the lotus of her veil u Urgu bouqu l ot orange lion ira curried in a urluccl) gilt Ironi the Mahnt ajali Dhiicllp bingil 1 hu bouquil wus coinpoaid of mangu bio soli» »bite lose buds rare orchidious llovurs und st rl(,so( my nie with utrhuuilm, or Hulton lace i lie inrytlo waa sent Irom Utbome mid waa tal in from pla ita reared trout the sprigs ii ed lu the bridal buuqiiclut the I rinccsj Uotu) Ii is hoi Majesty adealru to havi niirtlo plnnis kept intliugurdeim of Osborne real ed li\wi each ot the bridul bou niels of tin. Ko) ul riiodicaaof the bride Is nlsoan object ot intorcH which wo must interrupt the nurrath c for u moment to describe It con slats of ii petticoat of vi lilt« aatliurlmmtd w 1th châtelain» of orange blossoms mjrtle, mid boullinls of tulle with honiton lace Hie nain ol sllvei muire antique trimmed with boull nita al tulle the Honiton Ince the bouquets of orange blossom | and myrtle the bodv ot the drcs irlmm d to correspond Hie uecklucc curruifcs und b'onch ol pearls an t diamonds which were thu (,1ft ot lils Kojul lll^huesa the lriuca ol Wulis rUan. of dliuuuuds eiven b) the coi pirillon of London opal and diamond brace let "i\cn by the Queen, di imuud bracelet given by Hie ladlee el Leeds and au upul mid diamond bracelet given by the ludicd ol Manchester Her Itoyal Iiij,lmes8 a ¡,ort,coua train ol white and silver w as borne by elf, li I yuuuj, ladies between the ue,cs of lilli cn and twenty ibeveiy choice and Ujwer of the fair béions ol our most ancient houses It is quite superfluous lo sa) how they loot ed, as robed in suowy waite mid wrapped iu reis, the) followed their royal mistress willi soft footstei s though as thev were not going to be married tbey seemed to think themselves relieved lrom the necessity ot lool ing on the giound mid glanced uhout and turned to one unotiier mu mude believe to look as ii they did not know and hear that they cum uianded almo t their lull tribute ot admiration even biliind sucha lad) in such u scene na this lheir diesses were all of white-a wondirlul mixture of BÜk und l.tcu that made them richi ethereal in their lightness us partly wrapped in loug veils they pusatd as noiselessly us u vision Slowly the bilde reaches the Iluut Tas, and as she stops to bow to the Queen some ol' her fair attendants, who ure appa- rently even more nervous than herself, attempt to kneel, but. lhidiug their mistake, rise quickly and move on, as If they did not mean it. Theo, and then only, does the Prince turu, as If to receive her, but checks hlmsell us lie sees them all bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seeuia irresolute us to what lie ought to do. The long keen scrutiny seeruä to have disturbed lils composure at last, tiiough only lor a second, and the Anthem ceases, and all retire a little apart while the bride and bridegroom are left alunding in the middle of the Haut Pas, the latter alone, the former, ol course, closely sur- rounded by her atteadaut bridesmaids, so closely, indeed, that in the gorgeous mass ol scarlet and purple and gold they were the only group on which the eye could turn with a feeling like rest from the surrounding glitter. llandel's raurch irom " J oseph" had been played at entering. but all muslo liad ceased aa the party stood arouud the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn wordsof the chorale : " This day, with joyful heart and voice To lleav'n be raised a nation's pray'r; Almighty Father, deign to grant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. So shall uo olouda of sorrow dim Tlie sunshine of their early days ; . But happiness iii endless lound Shall billi encompass all their ways." The exquisitely soft music of this chant, nt once solcrnu and sorrowful, waB composed by the late Prince"Consort. . It moy have been this, or tlie associations and lifelong memories called np by the Ecene beneath her, but certain it is that, na the hymn commenced, her Majesty drew back from the wiudow of the pew, and, after an cllort to conceal her emotion, gave way to lier tears and almost sobbed ; nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremony entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing ot this ; the bride's face was turned from the paw, and the Queen was withdrawn too much from the front lor the Prince to see her, though his looks were often turned In that direction. As the solemn chant ended the prclntes advanced to the communion rails, mid the Primate, in a lioh clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building, choir, and nave, cómmenoed the service with the usunl formulary. " Dearly beloved, w eaie gathered together here in the siTht ol God, and in the face ol this congregauon, to joiu together this man and this woman in holy matrimony " There is a solemn pause after that dreadtul adjuration in which they are charged to answer'if there mu any impediment to their marriage?and then, after a moment, the Prhnate passed on to " Wilt thou, Albert Edward, have this woman to thy wedded wile to live together after Gods ordinance in Hie holy estate ol matrimony? Wilt thou lov e her, comfort her, honour, ano keep her in sicknesa and in health, and, forsaking all other, keep theo only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?" To this the Prince rather bowed than responded, ui3 utterance was so indistinct. To the same question, " Wilt thou, Alexandra Caroline Maria, have tills man to thy wedded hua baml?" the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usiiul, every ear was strained to catch it. But to the words-'! I take thee, Alexandra, to be my wedded wile, to have aud lo hold from this day forward, for belter fur worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do pail, according to God's holy ordinance-mid thereto I plight thee my troth?' the Prince re- peated clearly word for word after lils Grace, tiiough now, !i"iiin when it was the turn of the young bride, she oould be lieaid only to answer almost innudibly, und her cheeks were sullused with u crimson flush, und alio seemed very nervous. To the question, " Who giveth tins woman to be mairicd to tills muirj" the royal lather of the bride only bowed and moved towards the Princess, who was lemoviiig her glove hurriedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, suit voice, llrmly nnd'deliberately repented the words: " With this ring I mee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly gooda I thee endow ; in the nume of Hie Fut her, of the Son, uuU of the Holy Ghost. Ameu." AH then knelt down while the prayer, commencing "O Eternal God "CroälörTttfU~rrcsenrci-oi'-nll--*nimUinil, Giwuuof all «nlrituul 'grace, the Author ot everlasting hie ; send Thy blessing upon these Thy scrvauls, this man aud this wouiau, whum we bless, in Thy name," was solemnly repeated, ami then they rose, while the Pritnjte joined their banda mid said the lliial worda, .' Those who God until jolued together let no man put asunder." . , With these words, which in law completed the marriage cere- mony tile service waa continued to the 07th Paulin, tho solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of nil within the choir as the words weut pealing softly through bulli nave mid aisle. Theil was coutlnued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the gumin the long walk were heard booming forth, und the steeples throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound .Misled for a moment, the Queen's band begun tuning their instruments, and eveu the organ gave one or two involun- tary spirts and whistles, as 11 anxious to lead in the race of har- mony; It was premature, however, mid there waa n gentle hush willoh restored the former silence, when the Primate was heard concluding the exhortation. Then raisiug lils voice, he solemnly pronounced the bcncdlotlon, during which the Queen who had been more deeply allccted, knelt aud buried her lace in her haudkerclnef. Tim bride nnd bridegroom then joined hnnds, and, turning to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen gave a similar greeting to the Princess, quitted thcMoset, and the whole pugeaut went pouriii" in a goigeoui strcum or Hood ol' colours, of wavlug pluines°and flaming Jewels, out 01 the choir. None eau tell but those who were present how grand and Bolemn was tile whole ceremony, or with how much deep hope and true devotion the marria"e of the second Prince of Wales .waa celebrated in St. George?« Chanel. Windsor. As they left the choir, the organ and the baud went nettling forth Hie Hallelujah of Beethoven : " Hallelujah to the Father, And the Son of God, Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, in holy songs of joy, Woilds unborn «hull silig lila glory, The exalted son of God." Little remains to chronicle. As soon tis the august ceremony was over, tlie bride, having first received the Bulutation ot the Lord Chàniberlaii, took the arm of her husband, and returned down the choir, and beneath the organ to the nave. Kvery head bowed, and invoked a blessing us tiley passed ; and It was a brave sight to «eo the royal family, the loreign princes, and the nriucesses with their costly trains, sweep along the nave and follow her into that gorgeuus reception room to oller her "'lUs au8T'crestmg'incldent in the events of the day that Hie Queen returning privately from the royal doset, waited at the; urand entrance ot tile castle for the arrival ol the Prince and Princess und was the first person to receive und oongiittulate thom . whioh Bho did with an expression ot profound emotion. The illustrious company being now coileoted in the ensile, tile marriage was attested in due form in tile Green Drawing-room ' and White room by the royal guests, the church diguluirl.es, the Lord Chancellor, and other ministers ol the Crown, mid M. de Bille, the Danish minister. ,.,.., ,.' , The royal guests were then conducted to the dining-room, where ii imigiilllcent dejeuner was served. The weild ng cake, which occupied the centre of the loyal table, waa divided into three compartments ¡ the middle, of octangular f orm, contained a simare altar in the ceutre, with a cupid tit each angle holding u niece of wedding cuke. Towards the conclusion, of tho de ¡amer the Lord Steward propo.-ed " llieir Itoyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales. In St GoorgeVhull, a similar entertainment waa served to the diplomutio corps, the ladies in waitliif, and to the Very numerous company present at the ceremony ol the marriage, lu the choir of the chapel, amounting to about four bundled persons. Here uuotlier wedding cake, of enormous¡dimensions, was placed iii'Hie middle of the table. It weighed about ciulity pounds, and formed an octagon, covered with white satin, each aide displaying, alternately medallioua ol the Prince of Wales, tim arms of Gicut Britain, medallions of the Princess Alexandra, and the arms of Denmark. The cornice was formed ot large pearls. The cake was deco- rated willi orange blossoms and jasmine, mid thu top was sur- mounted by a vase tillad with a jasmine hoquet. Immediately alter the dejeuner, tie Knights of the Garter, lhe Ministers (if the Crown, the- AroUbishop and Bishops, and other gueats, left the caatlo. ? At four o'clock their Itoyal Highnesses the Prince and Prin- cess of Wale« took their departure for her Majesty s marine residence. Osborne, Islo ot Wight. Their Royal Highnesses we conducted down the grand stulrpasu by the.Lord,Steward the Lord Chamberlain, the Muster ol I Iib Horse, the Groom of t » Stole to hi» itoyal Highness, the Treusurerof the House- hold, the Vico-Chuniberluin, und the Comptroller of the liouse 'h°The mombcra of the Danish royal family, and most of tim royal visitors, followed the Prince and Prfueess to the grand entrance, where the Piiucess of Wide» took leuvu of nei-parenls ll"'n».lrl!Itovi'i' Highnesses entered an open carriage and four, «nd ¿receded by outriders in i-ciiilet liveries, passed blow y ?ouùdPthê quadmngleof'tl.e castle Many of the ladlca and gentlemen ¿1 the Queen's household were present lit the cu- tta co to winnss the departure of their Kuyiri Highnesses. A second open carriage and four conveyed the Countess of u««T I ttdv in Walting to lhe Pr neets, Lieutenant-General & cônVtrollpr to Ins Hoyul Highness, an.! Mrs. Knoll», and Lieutenant CoWel ICeppte, Equerry m Waiting. These were Hie only persons who utteuded tile Prince, und Princess üVhe°PrÍuce,anydPHuceí"<of Wale, passed under the Georpe IV gati'wny and proceeded to. Hie Windsor station ot the GÍaeSmAeá.ly!iescyr¡'bed the dressof ll.ebridc ; and this¿ pcrtiups the proper place to refer lo the dresses of the prin- ce'plCesÄÄmbridge wore a train of lilac silver moire, trimmed willi white Hontioi. lace. ¿'«""Çoatot white mihi with honiton kee tuuio anil bauds of hluc velvet. . Uiu ie ,'o Ula monds. Stomacher, necklace, and earrings ol diamonds Hend-dresi, wh re feather» and tulla veil. T it?Duchess"of Cambridge wo,o u violet velvet train rimmed with enïini' Petticoat Sf violet satin trimmed with black ico ' covered with a tunic of Honiton lace, a tiara ol pearls and iiliiiiinnrls . necklace and stomacher to match. '. T re PrhiceTllSeiia wore a train ol white silk with bouquets orr se ishmnroek, mid thistle, tied with silver cord, iiuimlito. hiomi-Jl by Lewis mid Allenby, trimmed willi tulle, and. Kieta oí lilac " white and ' lilac. Petticoat white tal e over 3,?Mncü striiitd with ribbons ol ruse, shamrock, ¡uid "ilia« -bouquet Ko. Heud-dress, wreath of lilacs, white leathers mid blondu lilliput» ; diamond ornaments. ... ..iiioeaa Louise and Princess IJeuirloc. dress of white tulle over whUe«luee'äiriiied with ribbons ol rose, shomtock aud Hilado tied willi *liver cord ; trimmed willi bouquets ol'lilacs, ilead-aíesrwreath« ur lilacs (white and lilac); pearl orna- mente. lier Imperial lllghuou the DüüIiom or llrabatil wore a train ol blue moir« antique «.tiumilütrud with sold. The wreaths of iiib UriilesinaliU «vere Ibrined of blush ro»e». .hamrooln and willis heather with long veil« or tulla falling from thu buck oi the wrrslli. Thu ilretKSOl while tudu over white gltce were trimmed lo correspond, AjIIwaiiindor»UiiHlth«tlliero/ulpali w,iuldf<>toutc<ntheir Journey I« Oibomc luiiueiiliUly ulivr tim tlrjcuner, tliu multi- tude» ouliWo collected In deine inastes to csieh s lett gUmtno ol Uieui. At last Hie 1'rlnen ami Princess ol Wales appeared lu au open carriage drawn by four white horse», ami nrecedud hy outriders shnllnrly innuuled. This was the signal for, perhaps, tua louden burst ul cheering which had been heard through- out the day; and when the Knuth-Weilein Hallway was reached, and the Prince ami Prlncees Hhinvctl themselves ut tho wltliluw of tim euloon carriage, the cuthinlaim became almost Irnmlo. in u momoiit more the train had disappeared, and, so 1er m regarded Wind wr the crremuiiy was tit un und. Their Itoyul fllghiiuMM reaclmtl Cowes at ten minutes past seven, when au nddrc« wa» ptem-ntu 1 by the Mayor and Cor- poration at Hyde. Tliu royal carriage* were bl wslltii/jnl th<i Trinity Home liuding-place, uud In u few minute* thu Prince and Prlnceis were driven to Uiliortiv, 