MARTIN'S RIVER ASSOCIATION. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the forma- tion of a settlement at Martin's Harbor, on the western coast of Otago, was held on Wednesday, at Scott's Hotel, in Collins street, to hew a report as \o the proceedings of the provisional committee. Between thirty and forty gentlemen were present. Mr Neilly was called to the chair, and explained that at a meeting, held in the same place, on Mon day evening,:, it was resolved that an association should be formed, under the title of the Martin's River Associationrand a small provisional committee appointed, consisting of Messrs Charles Lewis, Fin lay, W. Scott (of Scott's Hotel), and Captain Ea mage, with Mr Neilly as honorary secretary. It was proposed tha-fc the capital should be in 100 shares of £10 each ; but ah amendment having been made for an increase to 150 shares, the question wan. re served for the present meeting. .The committee had procured the best charts, which were now on the table, and perhaps eome gentlemen present might be able to add to the information already obtained as to the harbor at which Dr. Hector's western journey terminated. . A Gentleman present remarked that he had never uccu Vll DUO (WCSbClU UUilBb, Ullb u B1UU1O luuu WUU1U show the great importance of the route discovered by Dr Hector. He (the speaker) was last year on the Shotovcr, and it took him, with a light dray and six horses, sixteen days to reach Dunedin. He wished to know if the committee were yet in pos session of the report of Dr Hector. The Chaibman : It is not yet published. All the information the Government of Otago have yet condescended to Give is the fact that Dr. Hector cot across fromMartin's Harbor to Queenstown in six teen hours ? Mr Lewis said it was very probable, if the journey of Dr. Hector was forty-six miles, that new tracks would be speedily found to reduce it to thirty. He spoke from his experience in bush travel. A Gentleman said he had seen a person, now em ployed in tiie harbor here, who was well acquainted witli Martin's River, The harbor, which was about half a degree south of Milford Haven, was excellent, well supplied with water, and was well known to the whalers for the last twenty-five years. The Chairman said he thought there would be no difficulty in carrying out the proposed association. About £750 only would be required if they purchased a vessel, and, indeed, a small schooner of ninety-five tons had been offered for £450. But he believed that there would be no difficulty in chartering a vessel, and he hadhimself ascertained that insurance eonld be effected at a moderate rate of premium. Mr M. Hall suggested that instead of at once proceeding to fix the capital, that and other prelimi nary business should be left in the hands of tho pro visional committee. He begged, therefore, to pro pose that an enlargement of tho present com mittee be made, and that a report be pre pared with the least possible delay to be submitted to an adjourned meeting. The motion was seconded by Mr Miller, and adopted. The following gentlemen were added to the com mittte, with power to increase then- number, namely, Messrs Miller, Benjamin, Huckle. W. M. Bell. M. Hall, Barker, Thompson, Allingham, and C. J. Jones. A Gentleman asked if any information had been obtained wiah respect to the. conditions .on which land could be obtained at the proposed settlement. Tho Chaibuan could not answer the question, as he had been unable to procure a copy of the Otago land regulations. It was understood that land in places not proclaimed townships could bo purchased at ten skiilings an acre. It was the intention of the promoters of the association, that land should bo taken up in the name of each of the shareholders. f The meeting then adjourned, it being understood that the provisional committee would at once pro ceed to business, with the view to hold an adjourned meeting, and submit a report this week. A Real Ghost. — lhe hamlet of Baynton, near Barfold, in the Kyneton district, has for some time past been honored with the appearance, from time to time, of a real ghost. Our informant, a stal wart farmer on whom we can most strictly rely, says the country side is in a state of ferment from the reported appearance of a ' horrible shadow, unreal mockery,' having the outline of a woman with the face of a fiend. The. place it most affects is near tho farm of Mr M'Kenna, and several men have actually left the ; employ of Mr M'Kenna through terror at the ghostly visitation. Mr Bennett, a worthy and stout auctioneer, was so terrified one night that ho turned back and sought the friendly welcome of an inn, and, resolutely refused to go on till morning ; we are told the ghost addressed the auctioneer, but our informant was not aware if it wnsin onfi of tlifi dajifl Innmiiicrca. Tnina nt Immon bones having been ploughed up upon the farm is an assistance to the ignorant terror the ghost has occa sioned. We recommend, as a capital means of exorcising, a good dose of small shot, with good aim, directed to the posterior developments of tho appa rition. — Tarrengower Times. ' Gahotting,' I believe, is the Spanish style of capital punishment, but I am sure it is so in the accidental Atlantic possessions of that country, for, in the summer of 1851, 1 and several other reckless and adventurous young men, by a very foolishly (and I will now say a very justly) incurred mis fortune, witnessed, and by a mere chance escaped, this death inflicted on our leader, the gallant but unfortunate L ? on that island, ' Where tho Moro low was laid, by the sound of the drum.' A recent description which I have seen in several papers is correct, so far an the arm-chain and iron collar ; but the victim is not throttled. He does not die by tho strangulation produced by the tightness of tho iron collar. A thin, keen chisel-shaped blade about an inch broad, is hidden away in the chamber, at the back of this iron collar, which, being either a spring or a screw, can be impelled forward ai'ew inches. The collar is merely for the purpose of keeping tho head steady. On tho twist of the screw, or the loosening of the springy this blade enters the back of the victim's neck, severs the vertebrae, and divides the spinal cord. The result is an instant deprivation of all sensation, and let us in mercy hope of life also. Save a wild glaro of tho eyes, and tho falling of the under jaw, no contortion attended the death I wit nessed by it. It is a bloodless and scientific mode of execution, far moro human and becoming than either the gallows or tho guillotine. An idea of tho death inflicted by this instrument may bo ob tained at any slaughter-yard in this colony, by ob serving the effects of tho spear thru3t into the neck of tho beast intended for death. The wound thus inflicted is precisely the same in effect as that given by the garotte. How choking a fellow for a few minutes carao to be called by this namo, I really cannot conceive^ Cormponfynt Dwwlty E&tfrwt; 