TITE FINAL1C OF KENSINGTON FA in. (Spectator.) Like a candle burnt down to tlie very socket, the last particle of curb'jn consumed, and tlie residue beginning to exhale thick and unpleasant odours, so tlie famous International Exhibition is leaving the world in utter exhaustion with the present week. The finale is not in the heroic style, by any means ; but it is tolerably truthful, which is more than can be said of the overture. It is little more than six months ago since the graud procession of princes, ambassadors, bishops, nd ministers Kwcpt along the nave of the Exhibition, gathering round the gorgeous piece of upholstery under the western dome, and advancing in solemn march through the building to the strains of Meyerbeer's music and Tennyson's verse. The thing was as stately and impressive as gold-laced jackets, scarlet mantles, silks, plush, big drums, clarions, and bagpipes could possibly make it; yet the long rows of toys, crockery-ware, ironmongery, and haberdashery on all sides, heaped up to the very ceiling, told but too plainly the tale of the shop, the allpervading sense of which even the presence of a royal duke could not efface. The cloBiug scene was infinitely more honest. Throwing off the ill-fitting cloak of science and high art, in which the ambitious conductors of the Great Fair attempted to wrap it, au air of naturalness at last crept into the big store, giving the whole a rather pleasant aspect. For the last two weeks the Great Exhibition was acknowledged to be, what it was in good truth from the commencement, a Bazaar, and buying and selling, bargaining and cheating run its course merrily from one end to the other. The much-vaunted " triumph of industry and art" dissolved itself into tangible sixpenny pieces, aud the ghost of royal speeches, symphonies, and prize cantatas fled before the sound it the pedlar's hammer, and the rattling of silver and copper coin. Romance aside, there is something really comforting to j see that, somehow or other, tilings always find their level in this nineteenth-century world. Throwing back a retrospective glance over the six monthly existence of the big shop, strange pictures flit across the scene. First, a crowd of silk- embroidered ladies and gentlemen, wandering listlessly through the long rows of show-cases, staring at the Armstrong guns, scrutinizing the produce of Sevres, Dresden, and the Potteries, but reserving their whole admiration for cer tain bits of crystalized carbon and comtinnintH pounds of nt nltimin:i alumina and nun magnesia, tiinnrnncin M-hinti which Oriental imagination has made to be the representatives of immense wealth. Never was golden calf worshipped more assiduously, and with greater ostentation, than before these Oriental fancies in the great show. The rumour that a little piece of crystal, very superfluous as personal ornament, and very inferior m beauty to the simplest flower | ni the open field, was worth a cei-tain fabu-; lous sum was sufficient to draw round it swarms of admirers, who seemed nevertired to feast their eye upon the thing. Delicate ladies, to whom it appeared fatigue merely to step down from their emblazoned carriages, struggled for hours among a semifrantic multitude, in order to be allowed Ualf-a-minute's worship before the glittering idol; and stately matrons, of Juno-like aspect, didnot disdain to have their splendid moire-antique dresses ruffled, aud perhaps torn to pieces, as price of the joy of gazing at imaginative boundless wealth. But this throng, the " Upper Ten," passed, and next on the stigc appeared another crowd—a lower Hundred Thousand, less passionate about jewels and old crockery, but given, instead, to admiration of rare aud curious things, industrial gimcracks and " lions." The Hundred Thousand found that there were sundiy attractive objects of this description among the contents of the big shop, and they lost no time iu devoting their whole attention to this new source of gratification. Musical boxes, piping bullfinches, minature watches, cow-milking machinery, and microscopic inscriptions had to be paraded for many weary months before the eyes of honest shopkeepers, never tired in admiring the beaver-faculty of mankind. At length, however, the Hundred Thousand, too, passed from the stage, and then the veritable people of the Million made their appearance. They did not come to Btare aud gape at bits of carbon and squeaking musical boxes ; but seemed to have honest intention to learn aud improve their knowledge, aud while studying the latest phases of mechanical progress, assist in the advancement of the matcrial world. They fared ill, this poor Million; for the big shop, as they soon found to their cost, was not made for them aud theirs. What with " trophies" in the nave, shiploads of merchandise in the galleries, and pyramids of rubbish in tho aunexes, even the twenty-four acre shed was not by far big enough to hold tha sixty or seveuty thousand who demanded entrance day after day, and who kept pushing through th« nwrour passages from wiWconfuaiQuTwl^ oiget the horrors o£ that " popular era" of the Exhibition t On all sides, and in all possible attitudes, groups of men, women, and children were seen crouching on the floor, in a fever heat of excitement, bewildered by the legion of sights, and half crazy in the protracted at; tempts to understand the meaning of the -whole. Most pitiful to behold were tho crowds of small children from factories and charity schools, whom misguided philanthropy had sent to the monster fair. The poor little creatures dragged their tired limbs wearily along, staring in doll amazement at the Babel of things all around, and visibly yearning for a breath of fresh air and a glimpse of honest sunshine. From the experiment made, it seems that it will take time to instil a due admiration for twenty-four acre shops into the rising generation. Itwas a happy relief from all these varied scenes and forms of human misery when came the first of November, and with it the Bazaar period of the great show; Now the long-struggling elements of the temple of shopocracy got free at Inst, and eveiything fell into its own natural order. Those who have not visited Captain Fowke's brick palace 011 any of these November days, cannot be said to have seen the International Exhibition. The picture is unique in its way. A thick yellow fog, such as only the great metropolis is able to produce, liaugs like a liuge pall over the whole building, hiding from view the ugly domes and tlie uglier trophies in the distance. The worshipped Koh-i-noor is gone, and the piping bullfinch, and the tinted Venus, and other marvels j and in their stead fresh stores of clothes, furs, toys, and watches have arrived, which crowds of visitors are anxious to purchase. It is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon race to seek for souvenirs of anything and everything under the sun, and, as if in mistrust of what the eyes and the mind have beheld, to collect tangible tokens of remembrance. The pyramids of Egypt, the ruins of Home and the palaces of Venice bear witness to this propensity of British wanderers over the earth, no less than every public monument and statue within the three kingdoms. No sooner had the Exhibition been turned into a bazaar than this anny of souvenir-hunters came flocking into the building, followed by an equally eager host of enthusiastic people with faith in the process of 'selling oil'.' The aspect of the big shop thus filled was wonderfully attractive. Hqrf, an elderly lady, with silver spectacles And a lap-dog in her arm, is trying hard "to beat down the price of some small bronzes, but the cunning little Frenchman : witli whom she has to deal, is quite a match for her, and ultimately makes over. his goods to the sharp old dame at twice their real value. Somewhat further 011 a burly paterfamilias carefully examines, the crockery goods of a stall in the Zollverein, employing his little daughter as interpreter in the intending commercial transaction. The flaxen haired Saxon with whom he is dealing understands English perfectly well, but, in this case, professes not to know a word—his commercial intellect, telling him that the bargain, if made at. all, must take place by means of the little blue-eyed interpreter, of whose genius and learning Papa is justly proud, The pottery, .,ottorv_ al at abull, about (]iree three t- times „ t, the '=„:„„ price f„r for which he might have purchased it in the Lowther Arcade. Endless are the scenes of this description which take place in the great Bazaar during the dull November days, when the "triumph of art and industry"' Has reached its climax. There is a great amount of fair-dealing, and a greater amount of cheating and extortion ; but everybody seeuis happy aud contented. A notable fact, strikingly apparent in the finale of Kensington fair, is that, from- tlle commencement of'the show, . . . . tbe foreign . portion . . of the 1 exhibitors seemed to understand the real character of the whole undertaking far better than their British competitors. While many of the latter had prepared elaborate specimens of industry, clearly more out of ambition than in hope of pecuniary reward, the former directed their energy solely to the financial part of the affairf aiming at 110thi so n 1 mch as rfelu ^ « „naajKi° possible quantity „„„„,;,„ of „f tl,„;, their 6 goods. j_ b ^Tl. This was peculiarly noticeable in one of the most characteristic departments of the Exhibition, that of household furniture. Gigantic sideboards, full of elaborate carving, chairs and tables of costly workmanship, aud mirrors in frames of silver and gold, encumbered the courts devoted to British upholstery, making a grand effect, but offering small hope indeed of commercial remuneration. Further west in the show, Continental industry assumed quite the opposite proportions. The chairs and tables of Austria, France, and Germany, simplein construction and cheap in price, were evidently made to be sold rather than to be looked at; and the consequence was that they were disposed of in immense quantities, to the great profit of their owners. It is stated, on trustworthy authority, that a single exhibitor from Austria took "orders" for household furniture to the amount of £20,000; whila French aud Bohemian glass, crystals, vases, and similar articles, were sold in still greater quantities by foreign dealers. On the other hand, it is generally affirmed that many of the English exhibitors lost considerable sums through their participation in the international fair, by prcparihtr articles more fit to be shown than to be used. To them the Exhibition will be a a lesson which they are not likely soon toy foiget, and which, it is to be hoped, will duly operate in planning aiiy future un, dcrtakiugs of a similar kind. Intrinsically, there is, perhaps, no harm in monster stores of merchandise, pled np in twenty-four acre sheds, and gaped at by some six or seven millions of people in the course of as m(my months j but there may be danger in repeated attempts to cxcite universal admiration, and almost veneration, for such, vast collections of material wealth, in an ago already tending in a verynnwholsome manner to materialism. The worship of which has come to us from across the Atlantic, and has shown itself turtle last ten or twenty yearn in Taoom forays, none of them pleasant to behold, » a kind of religion which sowxsely deserwa' enoouwgMBBJit, feast of all » ^ W 