THE OI>PRA-The week has been partly d-votedto benefits taken by mombirB.of the cbrnpany. On M, n dayMr.RierTappcoUd to,bis fqopda, and pro'ducd ' Verdi's, pcpular Avmk ," II TrovaWe," and the second act i,f «' Li No/70 de Figaro." QnTiesdav the peiformances were for'ti e b^n-fit'of Mr. Squire« AI hin "Lucre tia Borgia," end the fourth act of tho " Huguenots" )oni ed thcj programme ; and oa Wad. ntjsdiy M_edemoiselle Durand appearel.in " rj% "Pillia do Regiment," as a beneficiara, the i-eco'id act f ".< r Purimni," cmdudiig the perft rminces. 'On Thura, day Mozart's popular opera "Don Giovanni" was produced by denre, in which MaderaJÍBDI e Dur md as.Zeilins, Mr. Wbaiton ,8B-Giovanni, and Mr. F L\ster OB Leporello were excellent. The L«porclioof Mr. Lyster is ceitainly his mo?t ,aucc sjful perform, ance, nnd he AVOS frequently und deservedly an. píauded during the progns* of the opera, and nar" rowly escaped an encore in tho p"ece where he re cqunts to Elvira 1I10 conquests of his misler. M> Squire, sa Don Oit eua, AVUS encored in the beautiful ttjnorsong in the third act, which he sang with ex- quisite tasio. As Giovanni Mr. What ton excels, and ne received the lu nour of two 'encores, namely, t^e allegro solo in the first act, and the beautiful serenada in the second. Yesterday the Huguenots »as again producfd at the old pikes, and drew a larca audience. . ° j THE CHOWN DIAMONDS.-BENEFIT oi' MISS HODSOY, -This evening MÍSB Georgia Hodson will tak' _ b.nefir, when Auber's sparkling Opera Comique, the ", Ciown Diamonds," will bp produced. Mis» Hodson has sustained very successfully the contralto charas tcrs.of the various Optras in which that quality of voice has been .introduced-the most effective being "Urbain, Orsini, Azucena, and Anti Chu'o, In the first-named she mi,'de, a decided liir in her exqui-ite ' rendering of the tAvo difficult tnd delio ite soloä winch. haAe broughttliero/o so prominently forward. The Crown DiamondsAvill be followed by a Po'ish na iiml dence, by Madame S rebmger. «nd Signor Carandini . and the third act of La Sonnambuli will constudo the programme. The attractive bill, and the very groat popularity of the beneficíale ought to attract a large audience. llo-iAL ViCTOitiA THEATRE.-On Monday evening lsst the entertainment provided at this theatre com- menced A\ith a spirited drama, entitled Desert the Buccaneer, in which seA'eral telling situations-com- bined Avith new scenery by Messrs. Burbuty and Habbe-gave great satisfaction, to a Avell ulled home. ?The second piece was Mr. Soilum's version of Our .American Cousin, which Ws jiidkioU-lycast, and rery cjeditably performed by the company. OnTuesdiy, 'Mrs. .Charles Poole sustained the grand tragic part of Medea with great power, her, impersonation of the Colchian "Woman being received1 Avith! loud demon , strations of applause from all parpt3 of the house. Tha popular drama of the Octaroon, produced by the ) lessee (Mr. Tolano) w'ith so much success at the ¡Lyceum, AV»S played as "an. after piece. Oa the following night, i . flVc - act drama, by Planche-the Knights of the Bound Table was brought out for the fitst'time/and pronounced to be 11 gre ai success. The second piece was the bur lesque of Fair Et somoml,' iii Avhich the lively and clever actiug of Mii-s Fanny'Young Avas, as usual, ' highly provocative of merriment. Tue Knights of the Bound Table was repeated on Thursdiy niaht, with the spectacular builesque of Cinderella. Yesterdiy eiening Mi's Fanny Young took n benefit. She «¡j. ' pealed in a new local burlesque entitled Australian. Assurance, or a Hundred Years hence. The sp erk- ling corni dy of London Assurance preceded the bur- lesque/ This evening Mr. II. N 'Warner will appear in wo characters-sa Sir Edward Mot timer, in the Iron Chi st ; and as Dr scart, in Descarf, the Buccaneer, Mrs. Charles Poole will pi ty the part of Wilford, the tecretary to Sir Edward. «gOn Monday nixt the Peep o' Day is announced for production. It is understood that neither trouble nor expense have been spared m its preparation, the scenic artists and other emploies of the theatre ha\ingbeen busied on the piree for some Aveeks pist. The other pieces under lined aro "The WÍHOAV Psttern Plate." "Aurora Flojd," "The Ghost," and a new historical tra4edy entitled "Ka)mond, the Lord of Milan," by Mr. Edward Reeve. ' GOUNOD'S FAUST.-This new work of the French school of music was, as wo lera by the papers re. ceived by the last mail, exciting "much in'crest in mu-ieal circles in England, and bjth op°ra hou<cs of London have produced it Avith Aery great success. The music is exceedingly elaborate, the choruses being, lie are certain, from their combination, extremely ' effective, and in some instances, grand, and there aro also seme beautiful melodies. Goethe's poem fur- nishes the plot. As a matter of course all the gems have been subjected to various arrangements for the pianoforte, and a. host of composers of this quality ' haAe swooped down on the Work and divided it amongst them, thus precipitating the advent of its popularity. Among the mest striking of these are fantasias by Madame Oury, Kuhe, Brinley Richards, and Osborne ; and Coote has also claimed his share fcr the A otaries of Terpsichore, as there aro Faust quadrilles and Marguerite waltz, and a Mephistopheles I galop. All these, publications have been received at the establishment of J. H, Anderson of George street. . ! , TATTBHSAIL'S.-A meeting of the members was held yesterday evening. There Avas not much betting I cn the foithcoming eAents, but some .Calcutta sweeps I were drawn on the Maiden Plate and Metropolitan 1 Cup during the eAcning. \ RA JULES raoM. LITTLE RIVER.-Some very fine ( samples of gold airiycd in town on Monday Use from iheso diggings. The amount Little River this week contributes to the escort is much above the average, Mr. Breckenridge having purchased seventy ounce», and Mr. Garnett over eighty. If such finds cm be obttined by the present meagre population, what I ANOuldbethe result if a 1 irge population were em- ploi ed looking for it?-Braidwood Observer. COMMITTAL FOR STEALING GOLD.-On Monday, be- fore Dr. Palmer, P M., and Mr. W. Lee, Alfred Sickler was as brought up on remand, when the following evidence was given by Mrs. Elizabeth Tremaine. She said she was the wife of William Tremaine, and resided at Mitchell's Creek; she knew John Bottrell, who was a man working with her husband at the crushing machine. She remem- bered what occurred on the 14th August; on that evening, about half-past six o'clock, she heard a noise ; she heard a voice calling "Mackenzie," and going outside recognised the voice of Bottrell ; the dogs made such a noise she could hear no more ; she lit a lamp and went to the engine and found Bottrell standing three or four feet from the basin ; no-one else was there. (Dr. Palmer asked what Bottrell said, whereupon Mr. Pownall objected to the ques- tion, as the prisoner was not present. Dr. Palmer was of opinion that he could put the question, and said Mr. Pow- nall could have his objection entered on the depositions ; this was accordingly done ) She asked him what was the matter, and whether he had caught any one. He said, " Yes, I caught Dr. Sickler taking the gold out of the basin." Witness was told by Bottrell that he was going to watch that evening, and her husband had lent his gun to Bottrell for the purpose. After having spoken to Bottrell, she noticed some sand and mercury strewed upon the ground outside the basin. A scoop, similar to the one shown her, was taken out of the basin by Bottrell. Cross-examined by Mr. Pownall : She looked at the clock particularly. The night was calm and clear, and her house was about seventy or eighty yards from the engine. Her husband was at home but in bed. and there were only her two children in the house besides, She heard the calling and answered that Mackenzie was not at home. She then lit her lamp and went down to the machine.-Mr. Pownall, in defence, submitted that there was no case against his client. The charge was for steal- ing gold, yet no gold had been found on the prisoner. Everyone connected with the machine knew where Dr. Slckler resided, but no search had been made. The evidence of Bottrell was the strongest against his client, but he respectfully submitted that there had been no corroboration of his testimony. It was said that Dr. Sickler had knelt down, and scooped out the sand and amalgam, but if such were the case, what had become of the vessel in which the contents of the scoop were thrown? There was no mark on the ground where any vessel had been placed, though it was somewhat strange since the ground had been particularly susceptible in so far as the footsteps were concerned. The learned gentleman then commented on the evidence, and said his client had wit- nesses, who, if called, would give such testimony as to involve a charge of perjury on one side or the other. The Bench asked if the witnesses were in attendance, and whe- ther they were to be produced. An answer in the negative was returned, and Mr. Pownall said, if it was the intention of the Bench to commit his client, he should reserve his defence till the trial. The prisonor was then committed to take his trial at the next Circuit Court to be held on Thurs- day, the 3rd of September; bail being allowed in the prisoner's own recognisances of £80, and two others in £40 each.- Bathurst imes on Wednesday. SnocKiNd Drnrit -By a .letter recjtved in Bathurst yesterday, wo learn the molancholy tidmgsof thodoathot Mr. Charles Baker, a butcher, residing at Baok Creek, nlout eight or nine milos from Hockley. It appaws tue drctaeed, who WOB a butchor, went to Kookloy on Wednes- day last, SE usual, a_d left for homo with his horse and osrt, in the evening, being at tho timo tho worso for «fiuor. From (hat time nothing was heard of him, until his_ wiw 1 wondering what detained him, ant into Bookley to maka .inquiries on tho Friday evening following. ^J_f' d«i '(Saturday), eearch was made, and about taroo muís trow Iho town, in a gully a little way off the road, tho poor fel- low was found dead. Tho horse was also dead, ana 11 scorned there had been an upset. There were no' marks 01 (consequence on the body of the unfortunate deceased, ana tho doctor, who was te attendance,, ¡» of opinion ta»J^ 'must have lingered a couple of days after befog stonuedby 'the fall. From tho appearance of the ground the howe had evidently been struggling very much and had, wen choked by his'collar, though it is thought it had only diad » few hours before.-Bathurst Times ot Wednesday. 