T H E A T R I 0 AL S, fcc KOTATJ TioroniA. . Tho moat energetic exertions continuó to bo made ot this placo of amusement, to mont a continuance of .pub- lic patronage by tho production of novoltios in rapid sue cession, in which tho efforts of Mr H. N. Worner- and Mrs 0. Poole aro ably bucked by Messrs S. Howard, Appleton, Burford, Musgrave, Welsh, West, Mrs-C. Jones, and Mrs B. Macgoivan, citm mullh allis. The principal productions of tho past week have boon "Tho Lost Ship," " Tho Wizard of the Wave"," and tho over acceptable drama of the " Peep o' Day.'! " The scenery of this latter piece is imposing and effective, particu- larly tho Old Quarry in tho Foil Dhuiv, whioh- reflects the greatest credit on tho clover sconio artistes of the es- tablishment, whilo tho moonlight effects introduced'by Hr Cnshla aro strikingly novel and beautiful.1 Tho act- ing of Mrs O. Poole,' Burford, and Warner in this sansation scono elicited an unanimous burst of applause, which did not subside till they all -appoarod ? to ac Imowlcdge an universal call at the and of the act. Mr Dushell's engagement torminatod during tho week, his ciporiments in tho science, of which ho has proved him- self so complete a master, being oven moro suecoBsful (linn usual on his olesing and benefit night. His piuco nus supplied in tho bills by a local extravaganza, written expressly to intrqduco tho ghost .effects as a valuólo for lats ot various parliamentary and official magnates of tho day, and entitled " "Fifteen' Minutes with Spirits-and Water." This boro marks ' of too hasty production on tho first night, but very much improved on repetition. Tho ongagomont of Mr Cushla has saved the manage- ment from tho pleasing alternative of "giving up tho ghost," .Ids management of the spootral apparatus pro auoing the effects in a still moro striking manner Minn tliey had hitherto been presented. This gentleman nando a very favourablo impression by his tasteful and artistic j rendering of some olaBsical poses plastiques on tho oc- casion of Mr Pitt's benefit. Mr Warner took IIÍB benefit last night, when Mr E. Reeve's eminently successful colonial tragedy of " Raymond, Bord of Milan," was recoivod with undiminished enthusiasm ; tho now extravaganza, mid " Used Bp" completed tho perform- ances, Sir Charles Coldstream being artistically sustained by Mr Warner. We regret to rcoord this gentleman's . eecossion from the company. Tho pressuro of an ongago- mont in Victoria, and protracted indisposition, rondering chango of air not only desirable, but imperative. Wo wish him a speody return with ronovntod health, to a community who fully appreciate MB nrtistic abilities. Wo aro also glad to hear that that established favourite and eminent actor, Mr Charles Dillon, is shortly ex- pected hore, having terminated a most successful cngagemont in tho ' neighbouring colonies. Prom tho high position he attained in publie favour when plnying the longest engagement ovor known in Sydney, wo con- fidently guarantee him a most cordial reception. 