' Tu e New Zealand struggle has, at last, developed into a horrible war. From the startling intelligence _ wiucii we publish- elsewhere, it will be perceived tliat the natives have had more than one fierce encounter with the British troops, hut that, whenever possible, they prefer satiating their thirst for lilo'od by attacking the houses of the settlers, lying in ambush for travellers, and butchering even women and chil dren, with a fiendish cruelty which si lows they are still sternly and trucu lently savage, as. if they had never come into contact with civilization. At one place, a soldier, was shot while milking a cow, and probably before the unfortunate man was dead the savages burnt his extremities. At Auckland, Captain Calvert and his ' family were assailed by n pariy of Maories while at breakfast, and young Mr. Calvert shot dead. Elsewhere, four women and four children were slaughtered while preparing their supper. The ranges commanding the road which leads from Auckland to Drury are reported as thronging with natives, and the telegram signihcantlv whuls up with the statement that " all " tho Waikato tribes are our enemies." Deeds like tlieso render any further Envley out of the question. The uyonet is the only argument which xoally tells upon the Maori. 1 Tiie silence maintained by the demo cratic members last night, when Mr. IIeales introduced his amended Land Bill shows but too clearly that the greed of office is too strong for any other con- sideration. The spiritless renegades who form the .tail of the ministerial party, appear prepared to swallow to its dregs tho bitter cup presented by the squatters for their acceptance. No treachery, no tergiversation, no base ness, is too much. The annc unccment tliat the pastoral tenants are to be allowed to retain the public lands, and to evade any sufficient payment, appears perfectly satisfactory to the blatant demagogues, who, twelve months ago, bellowed with brazen throats at tho very name of a squatter. Place, patronage, and pay have proved too much ior principle, and Don, Ramsay, and "Woods now roar as gently as any sucking dores. With tho exception of a masterly speech from Mr. Duffy, who dissected the Ministerial measure with a coolness which, must havo made Sir. IIeales winco again, and an eminently practical nsdress from Mr Levi, no effectivo opposition lins . yet been made to the hill. Perhaps lion, members nre reserving themselves for committee. One decided benefit, perhaps not ex actly contemplated by Mr. Snodgrass when he introduced his motion relative to pensions to Responsible Ministers, lins already been derived from the dis cussion of tho question. We have propably so far as Parliament itself is concerned, heard the last of the subject for some years to come at least, unless Mr. Mollison should attempt the practical illustration of his suggestion to purchase on behalf of the State tho infomot. nf t.linco "urlin oro ciTYmncflfi tn hare become possessed ofinchoate rights under the Civil list clauses of the Con stitution Act. We congratulate the public at large upon the settlement of a question which they not unnatur ally, wo readily admit, have quoted to tho disadvantage of several of our most Iirominent men, but- who have been far ess amenable to the obnoxious insinua tions which, from time, to time, have been levelled ngainst them, than their detractors could, if put to the test, prove. It is so easy to insinuate a charge, under the pretence that where there is smoke there must he a fire, niid oven innocence itself is often discoloured by tho facility with which it may he forced into a falso position. Public character - is especially liable to at tack from the disingenuous, and, unlike private conduct, is frequently in- debibly stained before it is in a position to obtain from the libeller the proof even of n prima facie case. This pen sions question which the apocrj'phnl wisdom of the framers of the Constitu tion Act handed down to their succes sors for solution, lias been "for years a Fertile theme for the political partizan, who, more often than many sup pose, is also a private foe, to found his scandalous assertions upon. For the future, on this subject, at all events, he will have no case and must ransack the hearings of other topics of public discussion for pabulum upon which to feed his poli tical enmity, or diet his private longings for revenge. Mr. Mollison's resolution solves the problem to the extent in which the Par- iiiiniciii; is interested# jLiie ivuiiiij 01 the regulations issued by the Governor in Council are admitted on all sides, and the warrants for the payment for such claims as have been made in ac cordance with the provisions of the Act will doubtless immediately issue. Pay ment of them will he refused at the Treasury, and the claimants will, of course, resort to the Supreme Court for redress. Such is the pre sent position of the question, and such the only practicable remedy that we cau discern for its settlement. Public faith will havo been kept, for the right of some one to a pension is by this course admitted; the person himself will havo to establish to the satisfaction of tho highest judicial authority in the country, that he is the person entitled to the benefit he seeks. The despatch which was forwarded by the Governor to the Duke of New castle, with the regulations for the granting of pensions, states the case very fairly we think.- His Excellency's position with regard to his responsible advisers relative to the validity of Mr. Ireland's claim, seems to have been far from enviable, and it is not to be wondered at that we find him advising the Duke tlint " it is to he regretted that regula- " tions for the purpose were not made " directly the Constitution Act came " into force, before any considerations " as to individual interests could en- " cumber the subject. " ' Iu his history of the question, the Governor refers to the reception of Mr. Ireland's claim, and the opposition of the Heales Government to it or., the plea that their late colleagues had not retired upon public grounds, and the objection of the SUUie UUUII1UL IU UUUUue tu ills OBAUUl- lency's proposition to debate the -J question before a special meeting of ( the Executive Council. The refusal of the Legislative Assembly to assent to the resolution; calling for the production of correspondence between IIis Excellency and Mr. IIeales is next touched upon, and the recommendations of the Select Com mittee, advising reference to English practice and further legislation on the subject, are stated. . His Excellency obtained the opinion of Mr. Fellows relative to the classified appropriations which were set forth in the regulations submitted by the O'Shanassy Govern ment, hut was unconvinced' by that gentleman that in the case of the second class of pensions, one " could he " bo awarded to a Solicitor-Gene- " ral who had not held a " seat iii tho Executive Coun- " oil." The despatch concludes with a remark which seems uncalled for when the relation of His Excel lency's position to the question at issue is considered. We cite Sir Henry Barkly's words : — " For whatever " may he the case at home, it could " not have been meant by the framers " of the" Yictorian Constitution, that " one man should receive a pension for " serving two years, say for example " as Commissioner of Public Works, " whilst another for equal long and "faithful services as Commissioner of " Railways, should be altogether ex- , " eluded still less that the entire , " pension fund should be absorbed, as , "it possibly may bo, by the members j " of a single Ministry, all of them still I " at a much earlier period of lifo than j " that at which tho highest political " honors are ordinarily attained in " Great Britain." The remaining documents hearing upon the question of pensions tlint have been recently published, chiefly have reference to the - protest of the lato Postmaster- General ngainst tho assign ing of any pensions under tho regula tions, and to the special claims of Mr. Ireland and Mr. Duffy. Respect ing the first, Mr. IIigineotiiam states that lie is disposed to concur with Mr. Billing and Mr. Moore that the reference in clause 01 of the Constitu tion Act was intended- to apply to ono class of persons rather than to the holders of certain offices, and that as soon as Dr. Evans complies with the regulations he will be entitled to a pension. To enable him to do so, tbe Attorney-General is prepared to draw up a special regula tion. Ho, however, considers the pro test based upon untenable ground, as, even admitting that the Postmaster- General was entitled to a pension, it did not follow that the omission of the office from tho regulations invalidated them, or that injustice would be done if other claims were disposed of before his. Mr. IIigineotiiam recommends the granting of this pension, butthe with holding of payment, as by such a course Dr. Evavs's tifln rnit'd lie raised on n mandamus to the Commissioners of Audit to certify, or to the Treasurer to pay the sum. With respect to tho other claims, his Excellency thanks the Attorney- General for preparing the draft ; letters patent of grants of pen sions to Mr. Ireland and Mr. Duffy, and states that he has heard nothing to change the opinion, he originally expressed in favour of the validity of the title of those gentlemen to pensions. There is some further correspondence between his Ex cellency and Mr. IIigineotiiam, in which his Excellency is reminded in the modish style of expression occasion ally adopted by the Attorney- General, that although lie had given his. opinion when solicited by his Excellency to do so, on a subject involving the recogni tion of the legality of the regulations, the Government itself expressed no opinion respecting their justice or policy. Altogether the subject is as we set out with saying, well got rid of. After a long debate in the Legislative Assem bly, last night, the' second rending of the Land Act Amendment Rill was postponed until Friday, next. Mr. O'Grody's motion for ' an address, re specting that a sura of LloOO might be placed on the estimates in aid of the Benevolent Asylum, was agreed to in the Legislative Ab- ssmbly yesterday. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Dr Macadam's motion to vote Ll OUO towards com piling a work on exploration, was, after some discussion, withdrawn, in order that it might he brought udder the attention of the Government in another form. It transpired in the Legislative Assembly last wgui, Lii.u aiuiuugu inc report ui rue uomneius Commission had been published in the papers, it had not yet been circulated amongst lion, members, nor had the Commissioner of Mines yet received a copy of the document, and; the lion, gentleman expressed surprise tliat the report should have already fouud its way into the press. The Chief Secretary stated In tlie Legislative Assembly, Inst night, in answer to a question put by Mr Woods, that it was the intention of tlic Government to compensate the teachers of music and drawing who had been discharged by the Board of Education. Mr Woods subse quently brought under the notice of tiie Chief Secretary the hardships under which the commou school teachers in country districts suffered in consequence of tho nou- pavincnt of their salaries. Mr M'CuIloch admitted the justico cf tlic coinpinint. but stated that, as the vote for educational purposes hail been placed at the dis posal of tho Treasurer, the salaries would be pay- Iable this day. The Attorney-General intimated, last night, that in consequence of the numerous alterations which hod been made in the Trading Companies Bill at the instance of the select committee, its consideration would occupy more time tliau the Government were prepared to give; and the measure would therefore not be proceeded with during the present session. All the returns from Mnndurang have not yet reached us, hut the reports to hand seem to represent Mr Casey as the successlul caudidate. Mr Casey, however, docs not always keep a scat when he gets it. Respecting tlic proposed fortnightly mail, the Home News has the followiug observations : " It appears that the Imperial Post office authorities linve opened a ucgoliation with the Peninsular and Oriental Company on the subject of doubling tho existing mail service between Australia and Point de GaHc, under the general conditions of the current contract, requesting the company at the same time to state tho terms , upon which they would ho willing to underlai d it. The company have made a proposal wh.ici, is understood to involve only a very mod 'rato addition to the present subsidy, and wli'.oh the nnmnflliv thomso' enaalr nf tn J — v , — . w " iui.il i eport as being satisfactory to tho Home Go/ern,uent and likely to' be equally so to the colonies con cerned. There is no doubt that an alternate Panama mute would he much ir.'ore acceptable to certain colonies; but the question of cost must not be overlooked. T',,0 Panama route would be an expensive luxury which it is by no means certain the Ileus/, of Commons would sanction ; while the slea'mer to Poiut do Gnlle, in connection with the. Calcutta line, would ho productive of a lnr/ge amount of benefit at a comparatively sraa)'. outlay. By the mail, v.-hicli arrived yesterday, Mr G. Marshall received a letter from George Parr continuing the selection if Wlllsher as one of the twelve ciicke tors who nre to visit Australia during the close of the current yenr.- The team were to. sail by the Great Britain at the latter end of September, as the new steamer Victoria left at too early n date. By this mail, also, Parr litis written to Lawrence, in Sydney, tlmuking him for his ofTer to visit New South Wales, but stating that his engagement with Marshall pre vented him from accepting it. lie hoped, how ever, that the unpleasant feeling which had existed between the two colonies since the inter colonial match had abated. . The Standard sprinkles a little cold water upon the glorification of the savants over the recent discoveries in Africn : — "There is more to he done (says tho Standard) before the true sources of the Nile nre discovered. The ri7er undoubtedly issues from the Lake Victoria Nynnzn ; hut it lias passed through that lake — which is not its fountain — from another channel, which is still, until the head water of the entire current is readied, the Nile. We have been rather precipitate of recent yenrs with our achievements in geography. When PInkertou announced that he bail perfected his picture of the world, and left half of it in blank, he set nn example wliieh too many map-makers and ex- plorers have been eager to follow. Ear be it from us to disparage the gallantry, intelligence, ami persistency witii which Captains Speke and Grant followed up their researches; lint it is important to hear in mind that they have left vast spaces of myatcrv vet to ha illuminated, and that much concerning tiie real origin of the Nilo to this day remains conjectural. What is the piincipal feeder of the Victoria Nynnza I ako ? What country lies behind tlic great Western watershed ? Ilo.v far beyond tho equator is the stream that flows into the Mediterranean at Alexandria prolonged ? What great torrent may not pour into it from the totally unexplored regions to the cast ? Whither go tho floods that escape from Nynnza, and avo not directly absorbed by tin White Nile ! There is a good deal of inference underlying the statements of Captain Spcke. Ho followed the river from one lake, but not through another, which he believes it to traverse ; and may it not be possible that there is a third beyond the line, of which no rumour lias reached liiin ? The Rhone does not rise iu the Lake of Geneva, whence it issues, hut five miles from the source of the Rhine. The White Nile appears, indubitably, to have established its superiority over the Blue Nile of Bruce; but that the secret of ages has been dissolved, and the actual well-head of tiie Egyptian river fixed upon the mnp of the world, wo must ho permitted to doubt. The business transacted in the Legislative Council, yesterday, was of an unimportant cha racter. The amendments in the Immigration and Local Government Bills were agreed to, and these measures now oniy await the Royal assent to become law. The appointment of Mr Le Soeufas Usher was formally announced, and tliat gentleman commenced his functions. Tho Mer cantile I.nw Amendment Bill, which lins been for some months 011 the notice paper, was, after some opposition, passed through eommittse. The studio of Mr Summers is just now well worth n visit. The model qf tlic coloisal statue of Burke and Wills is completed, and the ctleot is very striking, the head of Burko being particularly fine. Mr Summers is now busily engaged on busts of Sir Henry Barkly and the late Mr Langlands. In both coses tlie likenesses are excellent. Wo have jic-rd with much regret tliat in Richmond, yesterday, a cow was found to be affected by pleuro-pucumonia, nud was conse quently destroyed. On examination, the lungs proved to be very badly tainted by tlie disease. An adjourned meeting of the Melbourne Licensed Victuallers' Association took place yestcrdny, at the Excelsior hotel; Mr R. A. Cooper, President, in tlie chair. The annual report and balance sheet were received and adopted, and the President then addressed the meeting, congratulating the members upon the position of the Association, and stating that lie lmd no doubt, if the trade continued to support It, tlie hill now before Parliament would speedily become law. The Association had been pro mised, by tho Chief Secretary, that the measure should he proceeded with early in the ensuing session. Tho following members were then elected office-bearers for the nxt year : — Presi dent, Mr II. 1). Brown; Vice-President, Mr Armstrong; Treasurer, MrC. Ollis; Committee, Messrs W. Kennedy, T.Popc, W. TilkejJ. II. Dnnckcr, J. Byrne, H. Austin, H. E. Heir, Jno. Bourke, and H. Thompson ; Auditors, W. Morton, and A. Menzies. A vote of thanks was passed to the late President, and the meeting then adjourned. On Tuesday evening, the Carlton Young Men's Institute gave its first conversazione, at tlie Orderly Room of the Carlton llille Company, kindly lent for tlie occnsion by Captain Itadcliffe. The institute lias been in existence only six months, and it already numbers nbout forty members. Its proceedings during tlie half-year have been characterised by an agreeable variety. Several papers of considerable interest linve been read by the members, and the discussions have indicated the possession of no little debating power on the part of those wiio have engaged in them. There was a numerous attcndaucc of the members and their friends at tlic conversazione, which passed off extremely pleasantly. The 1 room hud been tastefully decorated for the occa sion. and it quite resembled a huge arbour, so plentifully were' tlie evergreens distributed. Addresses were delivered by tlie President (the Rev. J. L. Ballnntync) and the two "Vice- presidents (Dr. Neild and Mr Robert .Aitkin.) Miss Slortley saug several ballads very sweetly, and several of the members contributed their quota in the rausicnl portion of tbe -programme. Mr Ingles, of Richmond, road sr ,me selections from the works of tlint rare end ge niol humourist, D. Moir, better known as tf ,e " Delta " of Blackwood. These selections Mr Ingles gave with a zest so graphic and ct mractcristic, as to ...uau 1 <-» j ......iiiinu.. 1 |.i auuus irom moso present. Indeed, his readh' ,gS were by far the feature of most prominent interest during tiio evening ; and it is not a lit ;t|0 surprising tliat his special talent for this v ery pleasant kind of recreation lias not been w ,ofo largely tnade use of on similar occasions. / His conception of Scot tish humour is perfect ( all(i i,-ls dialect may be pronounced to be u> jsurpassable. Altogether this reunion of the Cr ,rlton Young Men's Insti tute was of a mp pleasing and satisfactory character. , Tbe only case 0f interest tried iu the County Court, yesterday t WBS that of Lyons v the Col- lingwood Gas O jnipany. The plaintiff sued for L17 Gs 6d, for.i one month's rent of premises in — - n appearcu tout tne Gorapany had taken tl) e offices on lease for two years, with liberty to r enew. .They completed their term and rentals ,e( occupation four months longer, for wliict , they paid. The plaintiff, however,' contend ed that, as thq/ had remained over their onginf j term, the tenancy was a yearly me, nnd could only be terminated at six months' notice. The Court held tlint though a private individual "V gbt he liable, yet a company could only 1-c 1' ound by agreement under seal, unless for actual use and occupation, and nonsuited the plaintiff with JJi 3s costs. Mr Bindon nppeared for the plaiotiff, Mr Dawson for tho defendants. Tlio'ailjburned special meeting of shareholders of the Maryborough Mining Association wns held at their offices, Elizabeth street, yesterday, Mr Wm. Clarke, iun.. in tlie chair. The follow- ing resolution, proposed by Mr Hnmmill and seconded by Mr Canti-an — " That the operations of tlds association, uftcrin lengthened trial, having proved unproductive, it is desirablo that the association, tinder clause- 45, be dissolved, and the properties, after ' being properly adver tised, sold by public auct'on," — was put, but, there not being a sufficient number of votes represented, the meeting adjourned to the igtli inst., when the question of tlie dis:olution of the association will be further considered. \- Another. " strange story" is told by the Mount Alexander Mail. "A case has been related to us, which, if truly stated, deserves the attention of the police. A man had offered to give up -at his death certain property lie possessed, conditionally on liis being paid 7s per week until he died.. The person to whom lie mado this offer accepted it, nnd for the Inst twelve months the weekly allowance has been duly paid. A few dnys ago, however, tho rann suddenly disappeared, and no trace of liira has yet been discovered. Tlie usual kind of ru mours to which such an occurrence gives rise' of course abound, and nn opinion is pretty openly expressed that tho police should take the matter up, and endeavour to find out what has become of the missing man.". "Ghost-raisiug" seems to have now become a matter of every night occurrence in the Lon don theatres. Wo select this portion of a critique in the Morning Post : — " On Saturday night, tlie story of Mr. Dickens's ' Haunted Man,' adapted to the stage, was produced nt the Adciplii, illustrated by tlie new optical appa ritions. Tlie story of the ' Haunted Man,' it will be recollected, is one tlint enforces a general satisfaction with things ns they are, by tlie story of a scholar, haunted by remembrance of early wrong, who purchases oblivion of tho past only by dissatisfaction with the present. Tlie piny is divided into five tableaux, in two of which tho ghosts appear. In the first, which is also tho opening of tlie narrative, Mr. ilcdlaw, the dis satisfied man of science, is seated liv his solitary fireside, surrounded by nil tlie elements of che mistry, as shown in retorts, alembics, crucibles, and evaporating dishes 011 a largo scale, nnd to him enter tlie phantoms of his cariy and dismal recollections. To those who havo not seen Professor Pepper's experiments, it will be suffi cient to say that these impalpable or intangible creatures have ail tlie solidity and semblance of life, are ahsoluloiy indistinguishable from real objects, though visionary nnd incorporenl as Macbeth's air-drawn dagger, nud vanish as readily." There were only a few trifling cases, including two petty charges of theft, brought before the City Court, yesterday, nnd tlie sliojt was conse quently soou disposed of. Tlic opening concert of the second quarter of tlie Bell street National School Singing Class took place on Tuesday evening, nt Fitzroy. The class was commenced about tlircb months tigo, under tlie dire'etion of Mr \Y. Bonwick, who has conducted it during the qunrtor with satis factory results. In compliance with the invita tions of tlie liiomlicrs of tlie c'ass, n numerous compnny assembled on Tuesday evening, when the class performed a scries cf glees and madri gals in an excellent manner. — We perceive by the Australian nnd New Zea- nnd Gazette tliat on Tuesday evening tho IGtli of 1 July n public dinner was given to MrTorrens, in Willis's Rooms, by a number of gentlemen interested in tlie Australian colonies,. " in re cognition of his services in introducing the system of registering titles to land which now goes by ids name and lias hsen the means of cheapening tiie tlie cost of transactions of sale or mortgage of laud." Wc nre glad to learn, says tlic Colombo Gazette of 17th July, that the Finances of the Colony nre in a very favourable state. We have very good reason to believe that there is nn increase of nearly L101,000 iu tho first six U1UUUI3 Ul una J Gill; ua uuiupmcu IV UU bilG GUI responding period of last year. On Sunday last the Rev Robert Barlow, of St. Mark's, requested the attendance of his parishioners nt n pubi c meeting, to be held this evening, to consider the claims of tlie general /and of tho diocese, and tlic necessity of aug menting the same. As much interest has been shown lately in the subject of " more clergy," it is expected that a large meeting of the members of the Church of England will he held. Tho Dean, tlic Rev Tlios. Cole, M.A., and others linve promised to attend and ndvocnto tlic ciaini9 of tlic church. 