M li I. H O U II N K. LATEST IN TEL bIGENCE (FROM OUR OWtf CORRESfONT-ENT.) , . . Saturday, 12tli September. The ,Ministerial dinner, at Scott's Hotel, subse quent to the prorogation, passed off with much eclat. Forty-one members were present, and a greater number would have been there but for the late period at' which the invitations were issued. Ministers were, of course, particularly juhilant-quite unable to see. anything jn ;the shape of " hand-writing on the .wall,'' and per fectly oblivious of the "land question." . Mr. Hcales, as in duty, bound, was one'of the jeiliest, and conceding to a fault. Messrs. "Vyeefces, Loader, Gillies, and; other'gentlemen, who think that "if 'twere done when'tis done,'twere.well done," obliged th6 company with a number of songs; and Mr. Heales (tune, to the principle of cold water) sang a teetotal melody, "What are the wild waves saying," or something of that sort'. Mr. M'Culloch, who occupied .the chair, proposed the loval .toasts-the .Queen 'nntl.thpvRpvornnr . TjirrrTancis Murphj, whp occupied his left, pro posed Her Majesty's ''.'Ministers: Mr.. Moilison, who sat next,' proposed ;the President "of [the Legislative Council (who sat on the other side) ; and Mr.' Higinbotham proposed the Speaker of the Assembly, who, in reply, spoke iip on behalf of the Australian Parliaments and members of Parliament; the Minister of Justice, who occu pied the vice-chair, created some diversion by proposing the " Innocents and their sponsors, j coupled with the name of Mr. Howard,",to the unhappy fate of whose little bill-the Pleuro pneumoniac-thrown out by the Council, after lie I had been persecuting the Assembly with it every night during the last week of the session, he feel ingly referred. Mr. Howard, of course, got the benefit of a repetition of the entire list of jolces, which he gallantly met in the Assembly in de fence of his particular .weakness.' The harmony of the occasion was, however, too great to be disturbed by anything mal-a-propoa,, and the major part of the company Remained, after the formal breaking up of the party, to a much later hour, determined to make the most of the festive opportunity. ; ; Melbourne has at the .present time no dearth in the way of amusements to complain of. At the Theatre Royal, Mr. Barry Sullivan continues to present to very large audiences the choicest of Shakespeare's plays. At the present he personates Sir John Falstqif in " Henry IV.," and with emi nent success. The cholarof the knight, and liis unblushing invpudcnce and tergiversation, are too well known to require particular reference ; but Mr. Sullivan deserves the credit of the statement, that he succeeds in making him thoroughly amusing to the audience-: and avoiding that cast of representation which makes him at the same time disgusting to a portion. : His delineation is in fact accurate and amusiijg,: without being indelicate. The Ghost representation, "Fifteen Minutes with the Spirits." which proved > eminently successful, has at length been withdrawn, to he used here after, it is fo be presumed, in its legitimate place, as a " ghost effect," rather than a sensation per formance. At the Princess Theatre, Mr. Fawcett has lately played two very excellent pieces, en titled the " Ticket of Leave Man" (Taylor's), and the " Poor of Melbourne"-an adaptation, I believe, of a New York piece. A new burlesque, "Lord Batemnn," or the "Sallee Rover," by 'Byron, has obtained universal commendation'! At the Polytechnic Institute, some very beautiful, electrical experiments with Rumkhufs battery have been exhibited; and Mr. Love (the son of Love, gen..) has .girgn a ventriloginal and poly-: tectic entertainment, the success of whichTVasbeen such as to draw audiences "as crowded as'those obtained at the. Melbourne theatres. ' Mr. and: Mrs. Charles Kean are advertised to appear at the Haymarket Theatre on the 19th instant. A company has been formed in Melbourne for the purpose of working the- Sebastian Reef, i It includes a number of persons resident in Mel bourne, and several resident, on Sandhurst; with one or more persons in the confidence of , Mr. Hugh Glass. The subsidiary arrangements in.; connection with it are not yet complete. : ; I 