GENERAL NEWS. IT is Btated tbat tbe two Blakely guns whlob ore known to be kt ObarlcBton were taken into tbat pert oo tbe 23rd of Aogust, by tbe Gibraltar, steamer. They weigh aboot SO tons each,. Tte diameter of- tba breeob ia 4 feet 1 inob, and at tbe muzzle 2 feet 1 inob, and they wilt tbtow a 700 lb. shot. Tbey aro constraoted pn Captain Blakely'e prinoiple, whleb bas been found highly powerful id other guns need by tbe Confede- rates. : ENGLISH MEDIATION TN TBS DANISH QUESTION.-A lotter from London, in the JPreti, of Vienne, atatea that Earl Busaell, nt the reqaeBtof the Danish Government, . has undertaken an attempt at mediation between tbe .Federal Diet and the Cabinet at Copenhagen. The Bogliah minister is said to bars also applied to tho .French Gotemment on the subjeot, in order to give more weigbt to bis prcoeedinge, and bring about a simulta. neons offer ol mediation on tbe part of France and Eng. land. A revision of all the negotiations of 1861 will be in the Oral place proposed, : The Union Btvitw BlatoB tbat the Bishop of London, in a reoent converratlon with a well-known member of tho Hottse of Peers, expressed his great astonishment at the steady progress and strength pf the Traotarian pirty in the London dlooess. "I had' little ooneeptiou," remarked bis Lirdablp, " when first I oame here, that their numbers, ioflaeuae, and organisation were so ex- tended ard BO great, Toendeavonr to put them down is a task easier of suggestion than accomplishment, I oan aseare you." The squadron of iron-oaBed ships now sssemblad at Cherbourg; the oomparative merits of wbioh are about to be ascertained by a naval commission, is oomposod of tbs ship of tbe line Solferino, armed with x spur, and built at Loiient ; tbe ship of the line Magenta, rmed with a »pur, and built at Brest ; the fiigate Normandio, buiit at Cher- bourg; the frigate Conronnp, bnilt at Lorient ; and tbo frigate Invinoibte, built st Toolon. Tbeae ships are covered with ball proof platoB, and aa try (rom 38 to 60 rifled guns of tbe lirgest oalibre. Their steam power ls «qua.! to that of OOO and 1000 borBos, and they are moved by met tm propellers. Thees ship* are to be oom pared io apee* aaa rraneeuvMwJtbibe aerevr ebiprof the-line Napoleón. PBrr-AKiTioBB FOB WAB M BUBBIA.-Tbe Sítele raya t -'. Tba deapatobea of tba Government'cf Bf, Petersburg are warlike, and its aotB ara not IIB) BO. It parader, ii« military preparations, At BelBingfors it tells tba peuple of Finland tait it relies upon taem if tbe integrity of Basai* ebould be menaced. After tbe orders bestowed on Moura vie ff, it rewards Vioe-Admiral Novoisiluki for his labour in superintending tbe fertifiaations of Cron -tadt. New war VOEBSIS are to be constructed in Fir land, where 30 OOO troops are already stationed. Eleven plated and tnrreted gunboats will leave tbe dockyards ol St. Petersburg in tbe spring. Lastly, on the banka of the Amoor, a body ot troops, composed of Baskirs, Cal. maoks, and Chinese, is being formed, to be made ure of, rays the Breslau Gazette, against the Frenah and English." THE PRINCE TUPBRIAX, AT BIAKRITZ.-Qalignani pub lit hes a letter from Biarri'x, dated the 16lb, in which we read :-" When I walked down yesterday afternoon, about five, to tba plaoe where tba band was playing, the ground on side waa thronged wi'h fashionables walking about or seated, whilst in Bide were to be seen a consider- able number of ohildren of both sexes, amuBiog tberr ! selves aooording to their phantasy. The girls were infi- nitely more numerous than the boys, and, like tbe latter, ranged in age from eight to thirteen. The oBten. Bible obj so) of the aggregation of both cases waayouthful exeroise, bot «he girls in almost every case seemed more fitly attired for a matinee dentante. Nothing oould ex- ceed the extravagunoe of tbeir dress, aod SB to play in the frank, genial, and honest meaning of that delight- ful word-it was utterly ont of the question. And BO the young ladies-I dare not designate them ohildrtn-as- sembled apart, a little way np the grounds, bat daring the whole - time I . was tbere scarcely indulged in a single ruo, BO afraid they appeared to spoil or tumble their fine clothes. With the boys the case was different, although they, too, were overdressed. Th? ne plue ultra ot e boya* habiiaments I have always heard to be snob on attire as permits him the moat oomplete commend of all bis movements, without bearing too much the mark of any casual tumble or aeoldent, at tbe eame time that it Beta off the youthful per BOO in the prevailing mode. But of all tbe gay and joyful company there collected, no one's dress came np to tbe definition just given so completely as that of the youthful Prino), He wore a dark coloured ault of light material (alpaoe, it «tra k me), short jacket and barque trousers, something like whet we oall in England knickerbockers, with dark atockiogs striped with violet oroaswaye, and neat lieht ankle boots, a black aod while straw hot with black band, tba ends flying behind, oom Îleted bia attire. He played with evident zest, end never saw a obild of bis age have more complete command of bia limbs. . He is a paniou'arly swift tanner, and from tba caBS of biB movements gave me the idea of regaler disolpline by dancing, or gymnastics. Heise far belter looking boy than anyone weald suppose from bis portraits, whiob oqnvey tbs idea of heaviness in the upper port of the face, whereas the real ohsraoterislie of bia' look is open fror kaeBS and lightheartedness. He oertainly appears a particularly happy obild, full of life, and eager for a tame. Ho has a floe blue eye, aid wMte regular teeth, gleaming out brightly when be smiles,' wbioh wos rather frequently when ony incidents of the play struok hi's fancy. Tho boys were engage! In something like prison bore, and the young Prinoe took bis port foirly and readily with thereat. I ssw no favour from the others beooase of his elevated station ;' all passed os may be -.constantly , seen among1 the children of any educational establishment. A chair W»B placed a little apart for the P<ince, lo case be might like to root, and he repaired to it occasionally, but so likewise did other boys; end I Beveral times saw two of them on it together. Onae the obair tumbled over as the Prinoe laid bold ol it, and he very nnooncernedly Bested himself on the book part BB it rested on tbe ground; and afterwards raised his body a little In the air by strength of arm, the banda' resting on the seat. ' There was, Infaot.a viBible supera» bundaooe of animal spirits whiob tried various devices to throw itself off. The whole time I Btood there I saw no interference whatever with tbe Prinoe- all was tbe happy and onrestrioted amusement nf boyhood, i did not peroeive tbe Empress, but some lady of tbs Court was seated in thogrounda a little way distant near a ruBtio bridge, and seemed to be tbe point of attraction to the girlp. There was no other grown person inside the onolosure, and only 'one gentleman passed through aoross the bridge daring the time I remained. Mn. CHAULES MATHEWS IN PAMS.-Mr. Blanohsrd Jerrold, in the followino! letter to Qilignani, disputes the antborsbip of L'AnglaU Timide, wbioh tbe bills ol tbe Theatre dea Varietes, hitherto nncontrad lated, have for weeks past attributed to Mr. Charles Mathews : "I om told that }on, in oommon with other journalise, attributed the English original of the Juglah Umide.ia. ; whiob Mr. Charles Methewe ia onaiming Paris audienoes nlghtl--, to bis pen. Permit me to oorreot this error. Mr. Mathews has 80 muoh laurel about bim be oan ??Tord to lose a leaf. The Anglais Timide is Blmply a translation Into Freneh of Coal at a Cucumber-à farce »ritten ia 1801, by me, and prodaoed at the Lyceum Theatre ia »he same year.-I nave, Seo., BLANonAttD JEKBOLD." " " . ' THE ALABAMA AND FLOBDOX,-Vletlet, dated (com St. Helena on the Otu of August, states that the Havelook wbioh arrived at that island the same morning, reported having been boarded by the Alabama when off .the Cape of Good Hope. The Confederate cruiser brought her to hy firing a shct aoroaa ber bowr. The Lieutenant who boarded the Havelock informed the oommonder that they had captured a barque to the eastward of the Cape, ead bod fitted her out as a privateer, and also that the Con- federate steamer Georgia was in the same waters. The Alabama bad on board captured passengers, amongst the number two American consuls. They bad suooeeded in taking 74 vessels altogether.-The France s>ya V-" A Föderal steam olivette has arrived et Brest from Ma. doita, .She has been sont with another vesBelof war if the same nation in pursuit ol tbe Con f edel ate steamer Florida, The latter will baye completed ber repairs on Tuesday, and will leave on tbefollswiog day, Sbe will proceed to meet the second Federal corvette, wbioh is now at Lisbon, and attaak her before she can bo joined by tho one at Brest, whioh is oooapied in efLtating re. pairs; to her maBts and rigging." " " Tho undermentioned drafts are ordered to be held in readiness to embark for New Zealand to complete the strength of the servioe oompanias of their respeotive oorps-viz, 2 offloers and 110 men of all ranke, 70th Foot; 37 mon of the B'-yol Horse Artillery, and 10 men of the Boyal Engineers, with one Medical Staff Surgeon. They ore to embirb ot Gravesend. The following drafts embark at Cork :-1 officer and 144 men of ell ranks, 2nd battalion, 18th foot, from Buttivant j 2 officers and SO rank and fl!e, 40th regiment ; 5 ofSoers and 30 men of all ranks, Oötb, from Birr ; and 3 officers and 41 mon, 67(b, from tho 30th depot battalion at Cork ; makings total bf 13 ifficers and 412 men of all ranks, Instructions have been reoeived at tbe headquarters of the Boj al Engineer establishment, Chatham, direating tie non aommiseioned ofBoera and sappers selected from the depot oompaniea .at Brompton for nervios in New Z jnland, to bold themselves in readiness to embark for their destination. The detachment goes ont lo augment the Oth oompany, whioh has latterly beoome very moob' reduced in strength. .The ghost mania is frightfully on the rise. All the boardings in tho metropolis are oovered with ghosts, most of tbem being ntaok by poignard or by Bword, and being very serene ander the treatment. Ghosts ore tor- tured into the forms of letters, with the objeot of invit- ing the pabilo to witness their punctual appearance ot. some plo oe of entertainment' or another. In the last comber of Mr. Brron'a new nimio Deriodlcal the shoat ia represented BB ooming ont of the Adelphi Theatre, and ordering an astonished cabman to drive him " to the Canterbury, to the |Pav>lion, and then to Kensal Oteen." On TueBdaj last thiB ubiquitous Ghost and a number of gentlemen all claiming more or IOSB legitimate relation. . ship with him, paid a visit to the Lord Cbanoellor, at bis mansion Haokwood Park near Basingstoke, The. cauBe ot their appearance before his lordship was BB' follows i-In February last, after Messrs. Dirok and Pepper's Ghost had turned outs ",hii" at thePolyteoboio last December, they obtained a provisional specification, with a view to patent. In the following August, just before it was time to obtain the great stol, several other persons lodged objections according to the Patent' Law' Amendment Act. On account of these objections, tbe patentees obtained o farther month's t rovlsional : pro- tection to answer. Affidavits were further filed bu both eldee, and tho Lord Chancellor Used Tuesday for the dis'.' posai ol the oasc, so far as the ÍBSUB of the great seal waa concerned in the course of theargument bis lord- ship Bald that he remembered seeing the sams thing When' a boy fifty-five years ago; it was exhibited by Bítzonl, the celebrated traveller, and an account of lt ' published. Tho Lord Chancellor; in giving juf gmer t, ' reviewed all the affidavits, and said that the objectais had no grounds before him ; they came in at tbe lase moment, and wanted to ovetturn all tbe three bearings of the Attorney-General, who must have boen ia it find of the merits before he remitted the patenl for tbe groat sail. If he withheld it the patentees had ca remedy, no appoal elsewhere, but by granting the patent he plaoid them in a position to prove and maintain tbeir right to it. Ker would thia inflict any wrong on the objectors, as they oould try the valaaof the patent ina court of law. HIB lordship thea direoted tbe great seal to issu*, with all oosts and charges against the objeotois, ..7«TTBBJtBTÍ»P ABOXCOMaiOAl/ DÚOrTBBT -A few <l»ï> elaóc, ss the men emp o/«4 by> Messrs. Bfobevdspn »no Alloomba « ere dfggfag ont tba. foundation! for lome pew bootee fn Panciister-street, Dorer,-Iber «ems to e copper eoln of Antoni ni Aagpitoi Fine in * very doe .dla of p estivation. Tile coi a bad evidently boen med as a British eoin exclusively, fnr while bearlrg e finely preserved heed of tbe Bomen Emperor, tojtetuer witb part of tbe lettering, wbiob of itself unmistakably indicated tbe reign in wbiob it bad been struck, ii bad on tbe obverse tbe allegorical Agare of Britannia muan in the esme manner aa onr modern oopper ootna bave bad, together w tb tbe greater part of the word " Bri taniarnm" surrounding it. Few finer specimens of so anoient a ooio oan exist, bat we understand that a short time sinoe a oo n of the reign of Nero, in almost as per- fect a state of preservation was found near to tbe same spot.-Suistx Ad'ertitcr. A fourth edition of Mr. Kioglakf.*« "Invasion of the Crimia," with a new preface, has just appeared. Io the preface Mr, Kinglake again insists that not a word has been withdrawn from the text nor a word added to it, while in conectiva footnotes he has with the ntmoBt diitlnotnesa reoorded against himtelf every single inac ouraoy, howey r minute end trivial, in the former edi- tions. And he is thus enabled not only tn keep a obeok npon those " who might like to be abie to say tbat ha bad materially altered tbe book," but to eonviot ont of tbe original text itself unfaithful descriptions and gar- bled veraiona of his words. On the other band, since tbe first edition appeared, he has been favoured with the oulboritative testimony bf private letters and jjnrnals coofi'ming bis own statements. So that on the whole Mr. Kiogloke appeors to be particularly well satisfied with the result of the severe sifiing bis book has under- gone, and it is evident 'rom the calm and resolute perti- nacity be depbye, that bo understands the temper of the publio to whom be aporaV. A - ' SOBMB * -BETWEEN BENCH AND BAB.-The Csntral Criminal Court wes tbe saene of a most indeoent brawl on tbe 33nd. Mr. Bibton, a barrister, while defending a prisoner, spoke in a very lead tune of voioe, and was recommended by the Common Serjeant to lower his key, in order that tbe witnesses outside should be kept ignorant of tb9 defence fae intended to Bit np. Tbe learned gentleman, however, paid no attention to the request of the Judge, and a very angry altercation took place, the upBbot being that the Common Serjeant ordered an adjournment. The Jadee deemed the " manner. tone, and cone not " of Mr. Bibton es moBt dlsrespeolfnl, and intimated tbat be would take eare to bara tbo matter reported to tbe proper qnarter. Mr. Bibton, however, made, en apology next day, and hie explanation waa aocepted by tbe learned Judge. MUBDBB AMD SUICIDE AT BHADÏOBD.-On the S3;d the wile of Jobatban Lazenby, a striker employed at tbe Union Foundry at Bradford, ont her throat end that of ber obild, five months old. ' The deoeased woman end her husband resided in a cottage with the parents of the wife, in Kent.alreet; and on a elster retarning home to dinner, Bbe discovered Mrs. Lizeoby and her child lying with their throats oat on the chamber floor. The mother hada rozor at her side. " She bad been married sines Baster, 1863, After her confinement, fire months Dgo, she was somewhat low and deaponding,and hythe advice of her pbyeiolan (Dr. Maoturb) was removed into the oountry for change of soene and air. She re- lamed in a fortnight, apparently fully restored to health, and was supposed to be so even on the morning of the 33rd. An extraordinary case of imposture has been bronght ander tbe notioe of the magistrates at Wolverhampton. A yoong woman, apparently Tn great distresp, waa fôand in the street by a polioiman, td whom she related a eboobing oaBe of outrage, alleging also that poison had been administered to ber. ' Tbe man involved in these obarges was apprehended ; bat a Stafford polioeman in. formed tbe magistrates tbat the woman was a gross im- postor.. He mentioned two or three similar oaeeB in wbioh she bad figured BB informant, and in every In- stanos her story was proved to bs palpably false. Tbe woman waa remanded. 