A "DEAtR MINISTEn."-Charles Free man, a tall, thin, and sanctimonious-looking man, who has for some time styled himself the Rev. Thomas Aaron Freeman, B.D., was brought up a couple of days ago on remand, before M[r. Selfe, to answer various charges of swindling. It was shown that he had obtained several sums of money from different people, on the pretence that he was about to. build a new chapel for himself. It appeared that he was formerly in the employment of a printer in Buoklesbury, from whom he had stolen printed cheques, on which lie forged the names of respectable persons, and which he afterwards uttered as genuine. He was now declared by the magistrate to be a rogue and vagabond, and as such he was awarded three months' imprisonment with hard labour. M? tDuER' AT LEEDS.n.-A murder was per petrated on the 20th, under circumstances of singular barbarity and coolness, in Leeds. About one o'clock, a man named Stansfield, who had been drinking at the Richmond Tavern, Bank, fell asleep on a stool in the house. An Irishman named Dunnerty, who is said to be a disreputable character, observ ing Stansfield asleep, kicked him in the abdomen, and when he had fallen on the ground similarly attacked him, causing death almost instantly. After the outrage Dunnerty quitted the house, and has not since been heard of. ALLEGED MURDER OF ?TIE CAPTAIN OF THE SUMITER.-A telegram was received here on the 13th from Gibraltar, and as the source is respectable, we place it before our readers :-" The second officer of the Sumter yesterday (October 10) murdered the captain at Gibraltar. He has confessed his crime, and is under arrest." No CRINOLINE IN TURKEY. - Orders have been issued by the Porte for the prompt evacuation of all houses inhabited by Chris tians in the neighbourhood of mosques in the various quarters of the capital. 'We are also credibly informed that a sumptuary "instruction" has been addressed to the Turkish ladies generally to abandon, and for the future to abstain from the use of all articles of dress or personal ornamentation commonly worn by Christian women. This latter direction is, our information states, being rigidly enforced in the principal harems of Stamboul.-Levant Herald. NEW GUNPoWDER.-An experiment was yesterday tried at Petrie's quarry to test the quality of some gunpowder manufactured from sawdust by a chemical process, by a Mr. Furnival, of this city. The result of the experiment was, that for blasting purposes it was evident that this powder is superior to that hitherto used. We are informed that, as compared with the ordinary gunpowder, about half the quantity of this newly-made gun-powder will suffice for a blast, whilst it can be manufactured at half the expense. Queensland Guardian. SWEDENBORG AND stIS SPeats.-As Swe denborg was crossing the Malar in company with some ladies, he began, as usual, holding conversation with nobody. " Why, Mr. Swedenborg, what are you chattering about ?" asked one of the party. "Silence woman, I am holding conversation with my spirits." The lady was not shut up in that manner. "Spirits! Why how many have you on board the boat?" "Twelve madam, who never leave me';" and he angrily turned his back upon the inquirer. The Dalkullus (boat-women) exchanged glances. On land ing, Swedenborg proffered a coin in payment. "Thirteen marks if yen please, Sir-net one stiver less." " And why, pray ? " remonstrrtcd he. " Did you not say, Sir, that you had twelve spirits on board? Are we poor girls to pull them over for nothing'?" The vision ary, who fbared neither ghosts nor devil, paid down the fare demanded sooner than en counter the clatter of two women's tongtues. o?onAN, tilE VENTRILOQUIST. - Somne years ago, ons Moran, a slater, possessed the facultv of ventriloquism in a very extraor dinary degree ; from the tops of the houses he could accost travellers in the streets, in a voics that seemed to proceed froom the next passenger. This mas was emlployed to work at the new episcopal palace, built by Primate Robinson, at Armagh. One morning a labourer, who wrougiht aboutt the pronuses, was terrified by a hollow and dlismal voice, that proceeded from a dark cellar in a house that had belonged to the late Thomas Ogle, which his Grace the Primate had given orders to ittll down. Hie was summoned, in a man ner that he found it impossible to resist, to descend into the dark terrific vault. Trem bling, agitated, and perspiring at every pore, he obeyed the awfiul mandate. When he was in the cellar, profound silence prevailed for a few minutes. The same voice then solemnly uttering these tremendous words: "I am the spirit of a murderer! to-night I will visit you in the little room of your kitchen, and communicate to you the horrid crimes I have committee. If you regard your life here, or your salvation hereafter, meet me in that room at twelve o'clock !"-The poor labourer was unable to utter a syllable, and with trembling knees he betook himself to his house, sent for Ithe vicar of his parish, and encouraged by his presence, awaited the approach of the awful hour. Twelve o'clock, however, came, but the spirit came not. Next morning he was obliged to resume his work; when he came opposite the same spot, the same voice again accosted him, but in an elevated and angry tone-" Beware how you bring with you the vicar to our interview. This night let me meet you alone, at twelve o'clock, or your destruction will ensue." The wretched labourer, thus beset, as he thought, by preter natural powers, obeyed. At a quarter be fore twelve o'clock, he was seated at alittle table in his room. His apparatus for defence against the spiritual visitant, was a Bible, a sword, and a bottle of whiskey. His pallid lips were alternately applied in ejaculating pious prayers to Heaven, or swallowing ex hilirating drams; and his trembling hands now and then grasped, and then dropped the useless steel, as his courage rose and fell. Meanwhile his wife and daughters stood almost breathless, at the outside of the door, counting the tickings of a cuckoo clock. At length, at the first sound of the expected hour, a deep groan was heard in the room, and a noise which to their affrighted ears seemed to resemble the fall of a thunderbolt. The poor labourer had dropped down powerless on the floor His imagination had overpowered him, and at the first stroke of tle clock he had tumbled on the ground a senseless lump. All his vital powers were suspended for a long time; and, after their revival, the poor fellow was deprived for a considerable period of the exercise of his understanding; and, if it had not been for the humanity of William Johnson, father of the celebrated architect, of Dublin, he would hsave perished a wretched victim to the tricks of Moran, the ventrilo quist. STEARINE CANDLES.-It is satisfactory to know that we are gradually adding new manufactures to the list of our enterprizes. A manulactory for the production of stearine candles was established some time ago in Richmond, undei the style of the Victorian Stearine Candle Works. We have had this week an opportunity of testing the merits of the candles made by the company, and we have no hesitation in saying, that in appear ance they are greatly superior to many, and in this and in every other respect equal to the best of those imported. We have subjected them to a number at tests, and we find that one inch of candle burns with a first class light for an hour, whilst the same length of an imported stearine candle lasts for three-quarters of an hour only, without giving a better light. One important point in these colonial-made candles is, that the stearine does not melt faster than it is consumed by the flame. iNot the slightest guttering, therefore, takes place, and all waste is consequently avoided. We understand that, notwithstand lng the present glut in the market, the com pany finds a ready sale for all it can produce, and that it is able to supply these excellent candles at a price somewhat lower than those imported.-Yeoman. NAihs N FerrJO-TUEES.-A singular fact, and one worthy to be recorded, is mentioned by Mr. Alexander Duke, of Albermerle, America. lIe states that, while on a visit to a neighbour, his attention was called to a large peach orchard, every tree of which was totally destroyed by the ravages of the worm, with the exception of three, and these were the most thrifty and flourishing peach trees he over saw. The only cause of their superiority known to him, was an experiment made in consequence of observing that those parts of worm-eaten timber into which nails had been driven were generally sound. When his trees were about a year old, he drove a tenpenny nail through the body as neai the ground as possible; while the balance of his orchard had gradually failed, and finally yielded entirely to the ravages of the worms, these three trees, selected at random, treated precisely in the same manner, with the exception of the nailing, had always been healthy, furnishing him at the very period with the greatest profusion of the most luscious fruit. It is supposed that the salt of iron afforded by the nails is offensive to the worm, while it is harmless, perhaps beneficial, to the tree. A chemical writer on the sub ject says :-"The oxidation or rusting of the iron by the sap evolves ammonia, which, as the sap rises, will of course impregnate every particle of foilage, and prove too severe a dose for the delicate palate of intruding insects." The writer recommends driving half a dozen nails into the trunk. Several experiments of the kind have resulted successfully. AnRE ouRt TIousES D]nTY'.-Tlle Saturday Review indulges in the following caustic observations :-u"We are, in some respects, the dirtiest people that ever attained a high social civilization; and till we own this humiliating fact, it is useless to descant upon choice cookery. We are not dirty in our persons; but we are dirty in our houses, dirty in bower and hall, dirty upstairs and down stairs, and even in my lady's chamber, dirty in our carpets and curtains, dirty in our closets and cupboards, dirty in our staircases and among ourbooks, dirty in our kitchens and cellars,, pantries and sculleries, and dirtiest of all in our cookery. The real excellenco of foreign cookery over English is that it is unscrupulously clean. It may be doubted whether we have, as we think, god liness above all the nations of the earth; in the next virtue, which is that of cleanliness, we certainly do not shine, Very likely some of our readers will resent this audacious affront on their self-complacency. Fiat experi. menltum. Has the mistress or the master the courage to say that they dare inquire what is the state of their drains-whether there is any festering heap of grease and putrid bones stowed away in the cooking utensils whether they knew if the pots and pans, the soup-kettle and the frying-pans, the gridirons and the copper stew-pans, are over, and how often, cleaned ? Will they venture to investigate the rare intervals at which carpets are taken up, curtains dusted, or floors scrubed, in a fair London house? The old British tinder-box is now an object for an aroehological museum, and another genera tion will see the duster and the broom a domestic articeio of equal rarity. To see and feel the existence of dirt in a house hold is a matter of education. A poor girl lacks the flculty of discovering the existence of dirt, and the mistress dares not see it.. If any mistress were to be so ill-advised as to have the carpets taken up and the loors scrubbed aboVe once a year, when the family is out of town, and when the one annual charing is to be done by hired aid out of the house, would instantly receive notice to qnit from the outraged sensibility' of Betty Broom of the period." A FrEE GENTLEMAN ROGUE.-A strange story, illustrative of one of the current phases of London life, has just been unfolded at the Middlesex sessions. Morris Do Winton, aged twenty-nine, "a young man of the most respectable appearance," was indicted for stealing a pair of ear-rings, value £9, from the ears of Amelia Herbert, a showy young residing at Brompton. Morris first saw Amelia in Piccadilly. It was at night between nine and ten o'clock. He was in a cab, and called her to him; and after some conver sation, she entered the cab. They then drove to the "Count De Morley," in Great Titch field-street, but his lordship was not at home; they then "adjourned " to to the Army and Navy Club, and continued driving about till twelve o'bloek, the prisoner being unable to pay the cabman, as he had nothing less than a £5 note. Finally they adjourned to the lady's house at Brompton. The next morn ing Morris hired a brougham, and the happy pair went out to drive again. The count was again out, but they traced him to a house in Charlotte-street, and all then drove to a cafr in Great Windmill-street, where they had some refreshments. While they were in the cafl, Morris asked the count for £100, but he had only £60 in Belgian notes, which Morris went out to change, leaving Amelia sitting in the brougham. He did not return till eleven o'clock at night, and by that time Amelia's ardour was beginning to evaporate. He entered the cab for a few minutes, and said that he was unable to obtain change, and that she must wait. When he was gone, she missed her ear-rings. Of course Morris never returned. A few nights afterwards they met again in Piccadilly, but he ran away. The case was supported by other witnesses, and the jury had no hesitation in finding him guilty. His defence was that she had given him the ear-rings for the purpose of obtaining sulpper, and that his high position in society rendered it unlikely that he would commit a theft. He was sentenced to imprisonment and hard labour for six months. 