\- MISCELLANEOUS. A story is afloat of the honour paid by Prince Alfred's brother middles to their soyal messmate, apropos of his election as King of Greece. Hearing a great row in the young gentleman's berth, or board theRoyal George, the captain, on inquirin? the cause, found the mess had determined to crown the Prince. So they had got the ship's carpenter, or armouret, to make a tin crown, with which the Prince was solemnly invested, a purser's dip being first stuck on each point of the circlet, and llghted. -ondon Correspondence of the Manchester Guardian. MoBa. BiswoPs.-The Bishop of Oxford has this week had his fling at the Bishop of Natal, whom he holds up to his clergy as " the awful warning." After forbidding him " from ministering in the Word and Sacraments" within his diocese, be naturally goes on to improve the occasion. "It is a matter of deep thankfulness to me to believe that there is no leaven of this unbelief tobe found among us. But, my beloved brethren, let us not rest con tented with this mere immunity from error Rather' let the sight of a brotherso misled humble and warn us." If we remember rightly, it was the "Jeaven of the Pharisees," far more than the leaven of un belief against which our Lord warned His disciples the leaven of such a Pharisee as he who lifted up his voice in the Temple, and said, " Lord, I think Thee that I am not as other nmen are, nor even as this publican." No doubt that amiable man would have felt itquite in characterto add, "Let the sight of a brother so misled humble and warn me." That :hmiliation which we propose to derive from the careful contemplation of another man's tranagres .sins is a well-known sacerdotal equivalent for what laymen call exultation. In the meantime the Bishop of Natal has had his fling at the Bishop of Man chester. The Instmentioned prelate bad expressed himself in rather strong language about his colonial brother, in a Church Missionary Society that met in Manchester on the 17th of March. " The very foundation of our faith," Dr. Lee had said, "the very basis of. our hopes, the very nearest and dearest of our ccnsolations, are taken from us when one ine of that sacred volume on which we base everything is said to be unfaithful or untrustworthy." Dr. Colenso asks whether the assertion for example, that the statement in Leviticus, xi, 6, is untrustworthy in putting into the mouth of Jehovah an assertion that the hare "chews the cud," is to shake our Christian faith to its very basis,-quoting from Professor Owen the somewhat apposite remark, "the hare does not chew the cud; ithas natsthb stomach of a ruminant animal." We trFiM_ Prince Lee will help us to understand how far our faith in Christ is or is not to be bound up with our faith in the second stomach of the hare.-8pectator. 'WIaE os OG?EA . LAWvEys " MAtuse Fro LovE."-Among the few great lawyers, who have married " forlove," Hyde, Lord Clarendon, deserves a place. While yet a young man, he 'became deeply enamoured of the daughter of SirGeorge Aycliffe. a Wiltshire. gentleman of good: family; though of small fortune. A mariage woas the result, but the beautiful young wife died only six months after of the malignant small-pox (then a frightful scourge in this country), and :Hyde was for some time so inconsolable that he could scarcely be restrained from throwing up his profession and going abroad. Two yeara .after, however, he 'married again into a good family, his secodd wife being the daughter of Sir Thomas Aylesbury, the Master of the Mint; and the marriage proved highly auspicious. This worthy lady was his com panion in all his vicissitudes of fortune-lived with him for many years in exile--shred all his dangers sld privations, when at times the parents could with difficulty provide food and raiment for their children; bht the wife was yet preserved to see her husband Earl of Clarendon. Lord Chancellor and Prime Minister of England. As an instance of the straights to which the family was occasionally reduced, we may quote the following extract from a letter written by Hyde to a friend when at' Madrid in 1650, in which he ayas-" All our money is gone, and let me never prosper if I know or can imagiun how we can get bread a month longer;" and again, "Greater necessities are hardly felt by any men than we for the present undergo, such. as have alonat made me foolish. I have not been able to :upply the miserable distress of my poor wife." n.racis North, afterwards Lord Keeper Guildfori, went about marrying in a very business-like way. He was a reader at Lincoln's Inn, but much desired to wed, because he had "grown tired of dining in the hall, and eating a eostelet and salad at Chate. line's.in the evening with a friend." Besides, he wished to mend his fortunes in the most summary w-ay Hle first tried a rich, coquettish young lady, h?t shejilted him ; then he found out an alderman "ho was reputed to be rich, and had three marring able daughters,.with a fortune of £6000.' He made his approaches, was favourably received, and pro ceeded to broach the money question to the alder man. The sum named as the young lady's.fortuun was £6000; but as North had set his heart on the £0000, he was d'isppointed, and at once took his leave s The. alderman, runniug after him (at Jeast so relates Lord Campbell), offered him to boot £500 on the birth of the first child; but North would not take a penny under the sum fixed, and the match fell throughb. At last he found a lady with £14,000, one of the daughters of the Earl of Devon, whom he courted in a businces style, and ultimately married.-Judge Jefferies, when a dissolute youth, courted an heiress, and in spite of her father's inter diet, the young lady encouraged Jefferies, and corre sponded with him. The father fell upon-a heap of love.letters which'had passed 'between Jeffries and his daughter, and in a savage manner turned the young lady from his doors. She was sufferinggreat distress in some house in Bolborn, in which she had taken shelter, and where Jefferies sought her out. Perhaps his marrying her under such circum stances was the one generous act of that infamous man's life.-Neither Lord Somers nor Lord Thurlo were married. both having been disappointed in attachments in their younger years. The latter' proposed to a young lady, a Miss Gonch, but she protested " she would not have him--sh was positively afraid of him ;" so he forswore matrimony thenceforward. We do not remember any other Lf the Lord Chancellors who las led a single life. Strange that Lord C-ancellor Eldon -a man of so much caution and worldly providence-should have been one of the few great lawyers who married " for love;" but it was so.. His choice was nearly a penniless beauty, and he had nothing; she was only eighteen, and he twenty- one. Scott induced the fair damsel to elope with him; she stule away fron=eLrather'e homo by night, descending from her win dw by a ladder planted there by her im patient lover; they fled acrwes the Border, and got married at Backsbiels. The step was an important one for Scott-frought with great consequences; for itdiverted him from the church, for which he had been studying, and forced him to the bar, thus coin, pulling him to enter upon a career which .ended in the highest honours.-izpenny Magazine. MILE.-Milk has been so often analyzed, that it would seem no further facts could be elicited re garding this importantliquid. FrofessorBoedecker,. however, has just completed a series of experiments conducted on quite a new principle. The question he proposed to himself was, whether milk obtained at any hour of the day always presented the same chemical composition; and he has arrived at the result that the milk of the evening is richer b 3 per cent, than that of the morning; the latter con taining only 10 per cent. of solid matter, and the former 13 per cent. On the other hand, the water contained in milk diminishes by 3 per cent. in the course of the day. In the morning it contains 89 per cent. of water, and only 86 per cent. in the evening. The fatty particles increase gradually as the day wears on. In the morning they amount to 2-17 per cet., at noon 2-63 per cent., and in the evening to 3-42 per cent Tais circumstance, i true, would be very important in a practical point ofview. -Galignani QuEBr.-Why is a glutton like a ghost Because he's always a gobblin'. IrsWICH: Printed and Published by the Proprietors Huoa PAmL usoo , J. Bowniia SLOYtss, and FRAusCI KIDNEsE at the Queenstand Tiqs Offles Elleaborough-street. 