CURRENT TOPICS. The only candidate who has as yet announced himself for nomination to the vacancy in the Town Council is Mr Ashmore, who possesses the recommendation, or drawback as it may be differently viewed, of having been an active member of the Council a year ago. The Domi nation Ib to take place to-day, in the Market House, at twelve o'clock. The member elect will continue in office until November 1864. The Ghost, at the Mechanics' Institute to night, we are assured-will be the same that Pro fessor.Pepper raised so successfully in London. There is the additional guarantee that its appa rition here is preliminary to its apparition at the • Melbourne Polytechnic—an institution which is worthy of being classed (difference in 6ize being allowed for), with its London name sake. The lecturer, too, is the colonial patentee of the invention, for it is an invention. The lecture, while designed for entertainment, is to lay claim to scLr&fic; correctness, without scientific aridity. Altogether the attraction is i likely to prove irresietable. The return Quoit Match between the Pitzroy Select and Geelong Clubs, will be played to morrow, Tuesday, near the Crown Bote! ; play to commence about 11 a.m. The following are the names of the probable players :-—Fitzroy: Messrs Hyde, ICidney, Sparkes, Young, Bryant, and Marshall; Geelong: Messrs McMullen, King, Brearly, Collidge, Kelly, and TJpston There wiH be a complimentary dinner at Kelly's to the Pitzroy Club, at half-past 5 p.m. A Tea Meeting, to celebrate the opening o* the People's Institute, the precise objects o which we presume will be explained to the guests, is appointed to be held this evening. Twenty-seven more Volunteers were en rolled on Saturday last for the New Zealand war by Colonel Pitt. Tea of them proceeded Melbourne by the Saturday mid-day train. The announcement that the "real" Ghost would appear at the Theatre on Saturday even ing, drew a tolerably good house.. .The " reality" of the spirit there was no room to doubt;. was as substantial and lively-a ghost as the most exacting seer could desire. As the "Bleeding Nun" it did much-more probably than it was proper for a ghost to do. It suffered its ghostly self to be sensibly tickled by something more than the novelty of its position. It put itself into inexpressibly funny attitudes. Now it disappeared as a wicked spirit through a trap-door to tho cellar below, from which mouldy purgatory it re appeared on the stage as the " Perfect Cure," finally it vanished in a blaze of triumph and blue fiie, the curtain falling as it made its perilous ascent on a shutter to the upper regions of the Koyal. Not to be "frighted with false fire," some few incredulous called for "the ghost," but her ghostship re fused to obey the summons. The audience, however, were very good-humoured throughout, the amusing eccentricities of Mr Hydcs fully compensating for the spirit being 60 considerably under proof On Tuesday next the Caduceus sails for New Zealand with the second contingent of the Auckland Militia. On Friday 200 volunteers, in addition to the 410 already sailed, together with such'augmentation as the country districts may contribute, will embark for the seat of war; and although we can ill afford such an exodus of men of good character, and anxious as we are to increase our population, the occasional reports which reach us of the disastrous conse quences which may ensue if a deaf ear should be turned to the appeals made in the present emergency,hhow that to put any obstacle in the wsy of Colonel Pitt's mission might result in the massacre of thousands, who in perfect good faith have become settlers in a neighboring colony. Government has acted wiselyin the policy it has adopted* "Without throwing any obstacle in the way of enrolment, it h&B; left to individual discretion the 'determination''of chances as to whether the " bubble reputation" and the pos session of a farm c'an be more speedily obtained by rushing to the "cannon's mouth," or by waiting for the " law's delay." Let us hope in bidding adieu to many of those who have sought a more active sphere of life, that their absence will prove but temporary, and under judicious generalship, the reward offered will be more than proportioned to the danger to be encountered It is a gratifying fact to record, that amongst those who may hencefor ward be known as the Auckland militia, no instance of inebriety has been brought under notice. It is true that many when they found that their swags were no longer necessary, parted with them for an insignificant consider i tion, in order to take an extra atoup for " auld acquaintance sak^/'orin reeollec'.ion of "Annie Laurie" and the "girls they leave behind them." One hundred and forty of the 40 th Regiment embarked on board the Queen of the South on the same day. The length of time they have been garrisoned iu Melbourne seemed to tntitle them to some little relaxation in the general routine c£ discipline, and it was not until they were pretty well primed that they could he con- ; sidered to have bid a farewell to their "sweet heart* and wivesbut who can object to a little latitude, when their long sojourn aud general good conduct has secured for them rc^ny friends. Professor M'Cy'a theory, that quartz reef3 diminish in richness in proportion to their depth, having been stamped with a sort of authority by the Mining Commission report, luis elicited from various quarters statements throwing a doubt upon the correctness of the professor's ideas. Mr R. King, manager of the Albion Quartz Mining Company. Stiealitz, gives the following particulars of his experience in that company's claim :—" Frotn 220 feet to 320 feet the yield of gold averaged 4oz lodwfc to the ton; fr itn 320 feet to 345 the average was 10 dwfc per ton ; from 300 feet to 382 | feet—the depth of the present workings—the average as been 7oz 5d\vt per ton. The stone on the bottom of the level now being worked appeara to be richer than any hitherto crushed. Cases of maintenance unhappily appear too frequently before the summary jurisdiction courts of th's colony,—more especially as re gards the legal ond medical professions. Scarcely has one described the course between the Melbourne Police and Supreme Court ere nnotber appears on ihe scene. It would bo pre mature to offer any remarks on a recent in stance of the reported depravity of an elderly , geutleman of the legal profession as an appeal was made against the magisterial decision. But a case in which scandal mongers have freely 1 indulged of late is likely to reveal some new disclosures affecting the character of the cara sposa of a medical practitioner. The investiga tion i3 fixed for to-day at the District Court, Melbourne, and it is not at all improbable that the proceedings will terminate in a divorce suit. There was no business transacted at the Police Court on Saturday beyond the fining of a man named Alexander McDrummond 5s lor drunkenness. !The following waB the state of Her Majesty's Jail on Saturday, September 5th, 1S63For I trial, i males; medical enquiry, I m&lej; road gang, 3 males ; hard labor, 3S males, 11 females* confines. 9 males, 6 females; lunatics, 1 male, 2 females ; default of bail, 2 maies • total, 53 males, 19 females. ' Get-long Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum 3rd September, 1863 :— ' Mo. of in- patients remaining 27th August 117 Do. admitted since .. 4 No. of in-patients discharged since 27th ^ August ... J5 Do. died do. . ... o —f 15 No. remaining 3rd September ... iqq No. of attendances ou out-patienls daring thotveek - J9y 