PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, JUNE 2. The PRESIDENT took the chair at ton minutes past four o'clock, and read the U3Uil prayer. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. MITCHELL observed that an error hnd been committed with regard to this mo» sure. Hon. members would recollect that, at tho instance of Mr. Fellows, a clause was ia trodnced into the bill making the pnweat municipal rolls availablo in the event of ths Muniejipal Corporation Bill now befora tin other Houso not becoming law, Subsequeutly Mr. Fellowd caused tho introduction, iu other parta of the bill, of certain wordi which rendered tho clause unnecessary, and it was accordingly agreed that the clause should be expunged. However, by some error, the bill had been returned to tua Legislative Assembly with that clause in it ; and the only way now to havo the clause ex- punged was by sending a message to the othar House, requesting that it might bo done. Under these circumstances, ho begged to move that such a message be forwarded to th.3 Legislativo Assembly. Mr. FAWKNER considered that noticâ should be given of tho motion; otherwise hon. members would be acting in tho dark. Mr. MITCHELL said ho would'givo notice for the following day. NOTICE OF QUESTION. Mr. HULL gave notice that, next day, he should ask whether it was the intention of the Government, in the event of the removal of the military hence to New Zealand, to con- tinue the reduced armament of the colonial war-steamer Victoria. ,8UPBE_EICOTJBTS BI-L. On the motion of Mr. ROBERTSON fin tho absence of Mr. Fellows), the second reading of this bill was made an order of the day for Tuesday next. MEiaOTJBNE AND HOBSONS BAY BAILWAY AOI! AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. STRACHAN moved the second reading of this bilL The object of the measure, ha observed, was to substitute for the word " Crown, ' in the 38th section of the act in- corporating the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, tho words " Governor in Council," He might state, as a mem- ber of tho old Legislativo Council, that when the act was passed it was dis- tinctly understood that tho word " Crown" meant tho Governor in CounciL (" No, no.") It would be for hon. members to provo tb.3 reverse. But if it were not so understood, ha should Uko to know how the company re- ceived the valuable lands and powers which . weie given them ? They received them, not from the Crown but from the Governor in Council. It appeared, however, that the company would take all thoy could from the Governor in Council, and yet they wero not prepared to comply with the terms of their charter, and do what tho Governor in Council asked them to do. Tho 38th section of th.3 act requiied the company to erect all such bridges-not. less than seventeen feet in width-as might be deemed necessary and might be required by the Crown, for the purpose of connecting any lands which might ho Bovered by tho railway. Hs maintained that the company received their charter on the understandiig that the Governor in Council had tho power to oxor cise tho authority vested by tho 38th clause ia the Crown. However, in 1857, shortly aftor the pasäing of tho act, some doubts arose on the subject; and in consequence of those doubts, the company had done nothini towards complying with the 38th clause A bill was afterwards passed by both branches of the Legislature, to tho effect that the word " Crown," wherever it might appear in any colonial act, should be taken to mean " the Governor in Council." This bill did not re- ceive the sanction of tho Imperial Govern- ment, who considered that it might be made to embrace more than they were prepared to concede ; but they intimated that they thought it would bo better for tho colonial Parlia- ment to amend their own acts. He did not desire to comment upon the differences ?which had existed for some time between th3 railway company on tho one hand and tho people of Sandridge and Emerald-hill on the other. Ho wont upon tho charter by which he hold the company to bo bound. At tha same time, ho could not shut his eyes to tha fact that too people of Emerald-hill and Sand- ridge had Buffered great inconvenience from I the action of the company. (" Oh, oh,") NJ doubt tho company were afraid that if they erected bridgea they would facilitate! road traffic between Sondridgo and Melbourne, and enablo goods to bo brought from Sand ridge-pier by road at a much cheaper Tate than thoy could be brought into tho city by railway. He believed tho differ- ence in cost would bo something like ono lialf, and thus there would bo a sav- ing to tho public of about £45,000 per year. Again, he maintained that the inte- rests of tho 14,000 people of Emerald-hill de stTved Bomo consideration. All, howovor, that was required from tho company was the mak- ing of a bridge over the railway in a line with Claiendon-Etreet, and tho construction of a crossing or tunnel at some other part of the lino. These works would not cost more than £16,000, and yet the company objected to par form them, although tho valuable proporty which they had received from the country amounted in value to £200,000. (Mr. A'Beckefct. -" It is not worth £20,000.") Well, whatever it might be worth, it was handed over to tho company without any consideration whatever. Mr. Strachan then proceeded to read a cor- respondence which took place between tha Government and tho Emerald-hill Municipal Council, relative to the non-compliance by the company with the application made to thom to erect a bridge over thoir line, and in the courso of which it appeared that tho Attorney General of the day expressed his opinion that a clause in a privato net which was inconve- nient to tlie public might be repealed, altered, or amonded by a public bill, and that tha hon. and learned gentleman, subsequently ?undertook to prepare and introduce such a bill. However (said Mr. Strachan) after the bill was drawn it was found that Borne im ÍiToycraents were needed, and it was in wait ne'for these improvements that the measure fell through. By almost every Government the company had boen held responsible ; and it was his solemn belief that tho charter was obtained under tho impression that tha Crown moant the Govornor in Council. ("No,no.") Some of tho hon. members who enid " No " might not havo been in tho Legis- lative Council at tho time. Mr. FAWKNER.-I was there. Mr. A'BEOKETT.-I was thero. Mr, MILLER.-And so was I. Mr. STRACHAN would ask, if the Crown did not mean the Governor in Council, trader : what authority did tho company hold tha land? Mr. MILLEE.-Tho Crown gave thom the land. Mr. STRACHAN.-Then the Crown ought to insist on compliance with the 38th sec- tion. Mr. JENNER, seconded the motion. The ' 88th clauso of the act of incorporation, he remarked, showed clearly enough that the company obtained their charter under the condition that thoy would build all tha bridges that wero necessary. This, ho thought, only reasonable. He presumed other com- panies wero bound in tho samo way. The great mistake appeared to havo been in the insertion of the word " Crown," instead of " Governor in Council ;" but he was given tr> understand that it was not the intention of the drawers of the act that the word " Crown" should mean the Imperial Government. (" Oh, oh.") As far as ho could gather, the company themselves did not think it had that meaning at the timo of tho passing of the measure. (" Hear, hear ;" and " Oh, oh.") If they thought so, why did they make over- tures to tho pooplo of Emerald-hill and ßandrldgo?-why did they instruct a home engineer to preparo a plan for a bridgj in tho Uno of Olorondon-stroet ? (Hoar, bear.) Tho company did not object to xcceivofrom the Governor in Council some very valuable allotments of land, both in -Tinders- street and at Sandridge; and why did thoy object to comply with tho conditions on which that land was granted? Tho bill now boforo the Houso had passed the Legisla- tivo Assembly without a division ; . ona his belief was that, if hon, members woro not in- terested, the Council would also pass tho bill without opposition. (" Oh," from Mr. Fawk _oi.) Ho might also mention that a com ' mitteo of the Legislativo Assembly had gone fully into the case, and had decided in favour Of tbo bill. And looking at the question on still broador grounds, he would obaorvo that tho Hobson's Bay Company charged 6s. Cd. por ton for the lighterage of goods from the bay (a laugh from Mr. A'Beckott), and the subsequent cartago of goods to the stores was 2s. per ton, making a total expenso of 8B. Od. por ton ; whereas if a bridge wer-j thrown aorosä the railway at Clarendon-street goods could be brought from the ship to the city by road for 3s. Gd. per ton, and thus thora frould be a saving to the community of 5j. per ton, representing a total saving of £46,85J per annum. Now, Bs. per ton on some thin« -such as coals or piç-iron-was a very hand- some prout. Ho objected to the company wholly monopolizing tho land between tb.3 city and tho bay. It was unfair, unjust, and unreasonable. If hon. members attondo I merely to legislate for their own prout, aud for their own purse, he was prepared t) throw out tho bill. But if they wero met; to legislate for the good of tho colony, as b3 presumed they were, they were bound to sun port tho measure. He should be sorry tj create any ill feeling, but it appeared that Eome lion, members wero deeply interested ia this subject. He was surprised at it. (" Oh, oh," and laughter.) But he felt it his duty, as an independent member, to support th) bill. Mr. ¿'BECKETT said he roso at this early period of the debate becauso he was anxious that the House should clearly understand th.9 real facts of the case. The last speaker had shown a most lamentable ignorance of them, and ho waa satisfied, from what he had heard out of doors ou the subject, that there was a general misapprehension as to the position of the company in this dispute, and as to tho' point to bo decided by the bill. The casa was a most extraordinary one. An attempt was now being made to alter, in a very mate rial point, an act under which nearly half a million of capital had bcou invested, and this at the instance of a number of individuals who thought that, by this instrumentality, they might bo enabled to impose upon the Hob eon's Bay Company liabilities which, certainly, it was nover contemplated they should b3 subject to when the act was framed. The Mu- nicipality of Emerald-hill contended that, linder thc33thclauseöftheactof incorporation, the Hobson's Bay Railway proprietors could be called upon to make an expenditure which, if it weio enforced against them to tho extent that it was susceptible of, would ruin any company, however wealthy. Mr. ABeclcott proceeded to read extracts from ovidenos taken beforo a committee of the Legislativa Assembly, with a view to show that, over and over again, the people of Emerald-hill had asserted in the most unqualified manner tbelc right to call upon tho company to maka bridges of any character they might think j proper. One witness (Mr. Gardner) was askei whether he thought they could call upou the company to make a bridge equal in character to Waterloo-bridge, and he at once replied in the affirmative. Now, tho 38th clauso of the Incorporation Act statsd that ihe liability of the company was to make such bridges as might from time to time bo considered necessary, and be required by tha Crown, not for public traffic- not for the pur- pose of highways-but for the purpose of con- necting lands which might be severed by the railway. The clauso also stated that each of such bridges should not bo less than seventeen feet in width, that it should have certain prradients, and be protected by certain rails. ïhe compnny had always been willing, when asked, to make a brtdgo corresponding to that class; and the real quarrel between the Emerald-hill Municipality and the com- pany was, that the former had claimed a bridge of a very different character. Not only were the company willing to build a bridge Eevenreou feet wide, but they offered (in I83Ö) to build a bridge twenty-four feet wide. At the Fame time, they submitted that it would be absurd to build a bridgo until the munici- pality had mode tho approaches. Tho bridge was asked for Clarendon-street. But, so far as tho city side of tho Sandridge-road wa? concerned, Clarendon- streetexisted only in the imagination. It was a swamp. Capt. Pasley, who was at the time at the head of the DJ partraont of Land and Works, saw tho ab- surdity of tho thing, and Baid it would be tima enough to coll upon the company to construct a.bridge when the road leading to it waï completed. The municipal council, finding tlint. a liridfO Kurll na tha /.nmr.nmr nura that a bridge such as the company were called upon to make was never intended for Ïimposes of public traffic, then intimated hat they did not want a bridge at all. They informed the company that they had agreed to a resolution, to tho effect that a level crossing over tho railway in a line with Clarendon-street would suit the requirements of thö locality for several years to- come. Now, what could be thought of tha spirit of the municipality in urging upon the Govern- ment to call upon the company to make a bridgo which could not bo required for "years to come?" And hero he would ask the hon. member who had charge of the bill, if he had been a shareholder of the companyjif he had invested money in tho railway behoving that the company could bo called upon honestly and fairly to perform tho liability imposed upon it by the clause, whether he would not "ave resisted an attempt to victimize tho con- cern by the agency of .a municipality, whoso Parliamentary representative happened to have a seat in the Ministry ? The Emorald hill Municipality at that moment, as they had all along, contended that thoy wero to have, not a bridge seventeen feet wido, but of far wider dimensions. Mr. Nimmo, the town clerk of Emerald-hill, and one of tho pro- moters of the bill, declared only last February that a bridge forty feet wide was necessary, and yet the act declared that the bridge should not exceed seventeen feet in width. That was the reason why the Emerald-hill Municipality and tho Hobson's Bay Ballway Company had been in conflict for years. It was not because there had been on attempt on the part of the company to get rid of any honest liability which they had incurred tinder their act, for, on tho contrary, thoy had always been ready to do more than thsir obligations required. It was very doubtful, however, whether the line, as constructed, carno within the meaning of tho clause in question. A clause of the same kind wa3 usually inserted in private railway bills, the purpose of providing occupation bridgds for tho connexion of land severed in the construction of the railways. On tho Hob eon's Bay Railway thoro was no dead level, except in somo places where ¿hero were no embankments, and there were no cuttings in the line; so that ho entertained great doubts as to whether the company had any liability whatever under this clause. As it was left to the Crown to decide what roally were tho obligations of tho company, it might be difficult to go behind the clause ; but ho was quito certain that the intention of the clause was only that the company should connect land which had been severed by tha lino where a bridgo would effect that con- nexion. Ho was confirmed in this opinion by the evidence given when the bill was pro- moted in 1862. The bill, as originally drafted, contained clauses giving tho company power to purchase lands belonging to prlvats persons; but the select committee to whom tho bill was referred remarked that tho pro- posed line would not pass through any privato property, and they, therefore, asked why the3o clauses had been introduced ? The reply wai, i that thoy, had been inserted in order to make iho provisions uniform with those of the Sydney Bailway Bill, and other railway b-Is. The committee, howovor, suggested that they should bo struck out. and they wero struclc out ; and yet tho 38tli clause was loft in. It could not be said that it had been left in with a view to the construction of occupation roads, and the company had never raised any question as to their liability to make a bridge. He had clearly shown that tho Emerald-hill municipality had been most exacting in its de- mands; but he had scarcely yet pointed out tho real oharacter of thoso demands. Tho ob- ject of this bill was, no doubt, practically to trnnsfor the power committed to tbo Go- vernor, who would exercise it fairly as ba tween the public and the company, to tho municipality of Emerald-hill, who would use it unjustly and oppressively. Tho bon. mem- ber proceeded to read some extracts from tha evidenco given by Mr. Gardiner and Mr. This tlethwalto, one of whom said, In reply to questions by the committee, that ho thought it would bo expedient to have moro than one UMie J4AIMU lllltlX CJilU bridge over the railway ; and when asked why the Emerald-hill Council had not demanded more, ho replied, " Wo have a littlo bit of conscience." (Laughter.) Tho ovldonce also proved that tho estimate of tin cost of a bridge formed by one of tho witnesses was £22,000, and the estimate of tho cost of a bridge of a different construc- tion was £99,000. Tho municipality was con E.arttly urging tho company" to make bridejís of a character far exceeding any liability which tho act imposed upon thom, and hounding on the public against tho company, on tho ground that they were unjust monopo- lists, and had obtained immense advantages. It had been alleged that the present act would bo unworkable if unaltered, but this ho mo3t Ïiositlvoly denied. Thora was nothing to show bat the act could not bo enforced against the company as easily now as It could havo beon immediately after it had passed. It was true that tho power could not bo exorcised by tho Governor in Council, but it could be exorcised by the Governor, acting under a commission of the Crown, and befoto that tribunal tho company might apply to bo hoard. Tho municlpality»of Emorald hill had, however, all along voxatiou^ly harassed the company. Thoy had urged that tho Governor had nothing to do with Ino question, and that the Executive Council ought to determine it. The company felt that it would bo most unjust to place tho power in the hands of the Executive Council, compris i log as it did the Parliamentary representative of Emorald-hilT and they raised the quastioa before the Court of Queen's Bjnch. Although thiß was uva years ago, tho mandamus w.u still undecided; but a commÙRlon mlgHt easily havo been obtained from England, ia order to have the provisions of the act enforce 1 against tho company in a fair aud equitably manner. It had been alleged that the logil proceedings adopted by tho company were ii violation of the promise given by the compta/ that they would tako no technical objection to tho clauso ; but this was not a tcchnioil objection-it was a substantial one-and thoy had distinctly instructed their counsel not to tako any technical objection. The wa ila object of the bill was to transfer the pDrTJC which tho act conferred on the Crown to th ) municipality of Emerald-hill; and such au alteration would bo a treacherous departura from the original contract. It was idle t j say that the municipality of Emerald-hill had had nothing to do with tho matter, b ) cause thoy had been the movers in' tho agita- tion throughout. At the time the act wa? passed the municipality of Emerald-hill wn not in existence ; and wasit probable, he woal l a£k, that tho company would ever have con- sented to the 88th clauEO if they had suppose 1 for a moment that tho power of enforcing it would bo transferred from the Crown to a municipality ? Aa'.to tho public value of tha Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway sohern. 3, he would state that it had reduced the car- riage of goods from Sandridge to Melbourne {«T.,^te 53. or Gs. per ton, atti that it had been tho means of converting Sandndge, which previously was nothing but a succession of sand-hills and a few huts, int i a place of considerable importance. The pro- posed capital of the company was £100,033, but there was the greatest difficulty in raislaz it; and the shareholders felt that they ought to obtain at least thirty per cent, interest for their money, that being by no means the highest rate of interest which could bo ob- tained frominvestmentsatthatperiod. What however, had the shareholders actually re- ceived? For some time no dividend Wa3 paid, and the shareholders had never received anything equal to the rate of in- terest which bank shareholders had obtained. The other day shares could be bought at a discount, and the last dividend declared was ten per cent. Surely, this was not too large a return upon the capital invested ? Tha company had been subject to a most unjust, competition by the town-pier, which waa B1î?Jp0ïÎ!î" at tue expense of the Government while,tho company wore compelled to baar tho whole of the expenses of their own pier, and were actually taunted because they charged more for the uso of it than was charged for the uso of the other pier. It hil been said that the company had shown a disposition to impede the traffic bstwoan Melbourne and tho port, but the reverse wa. j the case. The company had also facilitated the traffic between Emerald-hill and Mel- bourne m every possible way, even to thoir own detriment. They had allowed three gangways to be constructed across their lina for the accommodation of foot passengers The company had also voluntarily paid maní to watch these gangways, and thousands of foot passengers passed over the gangwaya weekly; and yet when an accident os curred the other day, through the care- lessness of the passenger, the Emerald-hill Council refused to Bhare the expense of erect- ing a small bridge on each of the gangways to prevent the possibility of any similar accident happening. This would show the spirit with which the council was actuated. The first demand made by the municipality was that the company should make a bridgo, which the representatives of thedistrict-Captain Clarke and Mr. Service-admitted would not bo nec33 eary for years to come. And in this attempt the municipality was defeated. Afterwards J ho company was required to make another bridge across a different portion of the line. A conference took placo between the représen- tatives of the municipality and the company . -.--- --»_wr-.vj. "__ tun uiui|u_y ; the resultof which was, that an opening was lef o under the railway for the purposes of tha traffic botween Melbourne and Emerald-hill. As it was contemplated to havo a bridgs across the Falls, the lino was so constructs! that the culvert might still be used after tha bridge was erected. E eery thing was amicably settled, and the culvert was made ¡and then Mr. Service, who was ono of the representa- tives of Emerald-hill and a member of the Government, contended that a gaugo hal been carried across the Falls with a view to the formationof alevelcroBsing, andhedetermine 1 that he would try the point. The company gave him notice that he would be opposed, bat at leno,th, havincc obtained the opinion of tb.3 law officers of the Government that ho WA? ?wrong, and that he had no right to cross tin lino at that point, he desisted. The presont bill was then brought in, two years ana a half ago, and great influence was brought to b jar in favour of it. There seemed to bo a want of moral courage to oppose the bill, and every- body apparently thought that it was popular to attack the company. ("Oh, oh.) Tb.3 history of the measure, as shown by tho report of tho select committee, was unparalleled in. the annals of le<;islation, It had been intro- duced no less than threo times, In tho first place the object was to compel tho company to mako a level crossing, next it was to build a bridge forty feet wide, and when giving evidence in support of that demand the promoter tried to mako out that tho cal- vert was nothing moro than a trap, and that it was utterly useless. By inquiry, howevdr, many of the sensible inhabitants of Emerald hill were satisfied that tho culvert was capable of being used foi traffic; and he found that on tho 16th of last month eight carts, twenty car- riages, soventy-six drays, and a numoor of otherivehicles andsaddle horses, paBScd.through. it. He admitted that the culvert was capable ' oi improvement, but it was perfectly dry, tb.2 company having gone to the expenso of drain- ing it, and the height of it might be increase i from 8ft. 6in. to 10ft, at a moderate ex- pense. It would then afford sufficient accom- modation for all the traffic between Melbourne and Emerald-hill. Tho PRESIDENT here read a messago from the Legislative Assembly, transmitting thj plans deposited hythe Melbourne and Hob son's Bay Company at the office of tho Board of Land and Works, and the production of which had been asked for by a resolution of the Council. Ho laid the plans on the table. Mr. A'BECKETT said that the plans had been sont most opportunely, as they verified what ho had just said about the culvert, and proved that it had been constructed exactly in accordance with tho wisho3 of the Emerald . hill Municipality, after several negotiations with tho company. If the municipality would join in tho expeuao of increasing tho height of the culvert, it could bo easily done. In addi- tion to making this culvert, tho company had also allowed the public to have tho gangways over the swamp, and there was also a level crossing at Ingle-street, which was a nearer route for porsons walking between 1?«,_.IJ V-Ï11-J »»ii . "A . . - Emerald-hill and Melbourne and Sandridge and Melbourne than a bridge at Olarendoa ßtrcot would bo. One of the objects in trying to get a bridge at Olarendon-street was evi- dently to obtain an instalment towards Spencer- street bridge, for Spencer-street WAÏ always mentioned in connexion with this subject. He had now addressed tho House at some length, and he would, therefore, not tres- pass longer upon their attention. Thero were other points which he had wished to bring under their notice, but they would, no doubt, bo pointed out by hon. members who wauld follow him. He thought he had said sufficient to show that the object of.the bill was, not far the bona fide purpose of enforcing the company to fulfil a just liability, but to enable a holy of men, who had all along been most vexa- tious and exacting in their demands, to com- pel the company to incur a largo expenditure in doing work for tho municipality, which the municipality ought to execute out of its own rates-to which, by the way, the company were the largest contributors. The liability which the company esti- mated that they would Incur under the 38th clauso] at the timo that the act was passed wa? so small that the expense was BOC down at £2,000, which it was thought would be suffi- cient for all contingencies, but the council of Emerald-hill would compel them to incur an unlimited expenditure. He would appeal to bon. members whether it was just to tho3a persons who had invested their capital in the company to makes this important alteration in the act ? Ho was sure that if tho bill were passed, the shareholders both in tho colony und in England would be most indignant at the manner in which they had been treated. and would petition Her Majesty to withhold tho Boyal assent to the measure. The bon. membor concluded by moving that the bill b3 read a second timo that day six months. Mr. ¡HIGHETT, in seconding tho amend- ment, expressed his conviction that it would bo a great breach of faith towards the parsons who liad invested thoir capital in the com- pany if the bill wero passed without their consont. Many of tho shareholders had told him that they took shares in the undertaking expressly under tho impression that they were protected by tho word "Crown," ana that the "Crown" inferred the Gover- nor personally, and not the Governor in Council. Ho was satisfied that the word "Crown" was designedly introduced, -and tho 67th clauso proved that such was tho caro, for a distinction was there drawn between the "Crown" andjthe colonial " Go- vernment." Besides the shareholders, tha ' bondholders ought to bo considered. Tho i company owed £100,000 on bonds, neaily the whole of which woro held by capitalists ia England. They lent their money on tho faith of the act, and they had had no opportunity of opposing tho bill which had now been in- troduced. It was proposed to take away thoic ' rights without giving them an opportunity I ofbeing heard on tho subject. Such a thii? was monstrous and unparalleled, and he felt confident that the Royal assent would not bi given to the measure. Even if it bxinn law, it could never bo carried into effect for it would enable the Emerald-hill Council to require the company to spend any amount of money thoy pleased, and tho compiny hal no funeip with which to incur the oxpeaii ture. Mr. FELLOWS remarked that tho languid of tho general Railway Act, in operation ia England, clearly ghowed that this bill pro- posed to throw upon tho Melbourne nni _lobson's Bay Company a duty which Wdï never contemplated by the original en- actment. It had been argued that tb.3 word "Crown," in tho 88th section, wai intended to read tho Governor in Council, but this could not havo been the case, becausi tho word " Crown " and tho term " Executive Government of Victoria," were both used ia the preceding clause. Tho 38th section re- quired the railway company to mako all necessary bridges, not for connectiug public roads, but " for the purpose of connecting any land Bevored by tfie railway from tho land I from whence the same shall havo besn ievcied," Now, what was the interpretation which the English Legislature would pub upou these words? In the general English Railway Act there was a set of provisions re- quiring the companies to provide bridges, &c;, for tho convenience of private individual« through whose land tho railways passed ; and another set of clauses requiring the comp\ nies to make approaches to connect the public roods through which tho lines pasBod. The language of the clauses which referred to the cases in which private property was cut through waB to tho effect that the companie3 should bo required to make such bridges aï should be necessary "for the purpose of making good any interruption caused by the rail 'way to the use of the- lands thiough. which the railway shall be formed." This was precisely similar language to that em- ployed in the 38th clauso of the Melbouraa and Hobson's Bay Company's act; and it wa? quito clear that it was never contemplated that tho company Bhould make bridges for the public accommodation. This was also evident from the teinwof the Crown grant, which expressly reserved " so much of tho said land as may heieaftci bo required for making public ways." If tho 88th clause wero in- tended to give tho Government power to order the # company to make a bridge wb ei ever it pleased, there would havo been no necessity for these words in tha Crown grant. The clause, however, was only intended to require the company to form bridge 5 which might be necessary to connect thi land belonging to private individuals oa each side of the line after it had been alienated from tho Crown, and the Legis- latura had no right to alter it. Although an. act of Parliament, this was notkhig mori than a contract, and it would destroy all security in colonial investments if tho Legis I - lature wore to cancel a conttact simply be- cause tho stato had made a bad bargain. Mi. HERVEY was of opinion that there ought to be some authority to set tho Crown in motion to compel the compaay to carry out its liabilities under the 38th clause, and upon that ground he supported the bill. Tha House had no right to presume that that power would be abused. (Mr. Fawkner. "Ob. oh,") The hon. member expressed an opinion that members who were shareholders in ti o company wero not entitled to voto, ia support of which he quoted two cases in which dteiiions had been given in the House of Louis, and in the House of Commons, to the i ffect that an hon. member had no right to vote for a bill the passing of which would forward his pecuniary interest. Mr. FELLOWS intimated that a member was not debarred from voting against a bill which would interfere with his pecuniary in- terest. Tho PRESIDENT remarked that the point of order had not yet been raised. Mr. FAWKNER suggested that tho débats fchould be adjourned. Mr. STRACHAN would prefer the vote being taken at once. He thought that suffi- cient time had been occupied in tho dis- cussion. Mr. FAWKNER moved that tho debate bj adjourned until next day. Tho motion was agreed to. CHINESE "IiiIGBANTS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Assembly, transmitting this bill for the con- sideration of the Council. On tho motion of Mr. MITOHELL, tho bill was read a first timo, and ordered to be printed, and the second reading was made an order of the day for Tuesday next. The remaining business was postponed ; and tho House adjourned at twenty-fivo minutes past six o'clock until four p.m. the following (this) day. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, JUNE 2. Tho SPEAKER took the chair at half-past four o'clock. HET0EN8. Mr. ANDERSON laid on the table, in ao coidanco with a motion of the member for West Melbourne (Mr. Loader), a progress report on the subject of immigration, as well as amended returns respecting the same mat- ter. Mr. O'SHANASSY laid on the table the re- port of the commissioners on the subject of pleuro-pneurnonia. BEP0B.T. Mr. HE ALES laid on the tablo tho 19fch report of the Printing Committee. TETITION. Mr. RICHARDSON presented a potitiou from residents of tho district of South Grant against the Newspaper Bul. HOTI0ES OF QUESTIONS. Mr. SNODGRASS gave notice that, on the following day, ho would ask tho Chief Secre- tary if Government had under their con- sideration the serious losses which had been sustained by many poisons through tho failure of tho Provident Institute ? Mr. MACGREGOR gave notico that, to- morrow, he would call the attention of tha bon. the Treasurer to a recommendation con- tained in the report of tho Commission on Municipal and Charitable Institutions, namely, that until a general system for the support of charities embracing Melbourne and Geelong Fhnll havo boen adopted, tho Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society and tho Geelong Female Benevolent Association should receive £omo nssistanco from the state, nnd to ask whether the Government intend to give effect to such recommendation by placing a sum of money for that purpose upon a supplementary estimate for 18G3 ; and if so, to what amount in each case. Mr. MACGREGOR gave notice that, to- morrow, he would ask the hon. the Treasurer whether the Government intended to apportion to tho several Presbyterian denominations their respectivo shaiea of the grant-in-aid to religion for 1803, in accordance with tho echerao adopted as to thoso denominations in respect of the grant for last year ; and if so, whether the Government havo obtained the Crown law officers', or other professional opinion, asserting tho legality of such appor- tionment. OIPPB LAND. Mr. BRODRIBB, in the absonco of Dr. Mackay, gave notice that, to-morrow, that bon, member would ask tho Chief Secretary how the money recontly voted for the tele- graph and roads in Gipps Land was to be ex- pended, and what steps had already been taken. The bon. member would also, on tbo same day, ask tho Minister of Justice what steps had been taken regarding the ap- pointment of a warden for North Glpp3 Land? THE ASSESSMENT APPEALS. Mr. DUFFY laid on the tablo a roport in relation to the arbitrations in appeals against the assessments on pastoral runs. Ho men- tioned that tho last return bad only been re- ceived that day. Tho report would bo printad and circulated in tho course of the folio wins not bo practicable to proceed with tha Land Bill till they had mastered tho contents of tho report. THE NEWSPATEH DILL. Mr. SULLIVAN asked the Attorney-Geno- ral whether it was tho intention of tho Go- vernment to proceed with the Nowspaper Bill, and when ? Mr. IRELAND did not see why a question of that kind should bo asked, as to tho order of tho day relating to that bill, any more than to ony other order of tho day. When tho propar timo came, tho hon. member would seo what the GoYerarAÇut lutoaded. to do, Mr. SULLIVAN did not consider that a i proper answer to a question which any hoa. f member had a right to ask. COAL AND OREEN STONE. Mr. DUFFY would mention that ha had I laid on the tablo of the Library aspcciman of I coal from a seam found by Assistant-surveyor Macdonald on'tho road between Melbouraa I and Gipps Land; and there was every appear- ance, lie might add, of there being a larja field of it. It was tho moat northern vein of conl yet discovered in the colony. Ile ha.1 also laid on tho table of the library a Bpaoi men of greon stone, enormous masses of which wore found in the Geolong district;. It took a polish better than maible, and was almost of a quality with tha vcrd antique at home. Tha only drawback to its being extensively | used might be the C03t and difficulty of work- ing it. These discoveries showed that oppor- tunities for new industries wero constantly presenting themselvcB. KOTIOE OF MOTION. Mr. BROOKE gave notice that on Thurs- day he would move for copies of all cor- respondence and regulations adopted on tha cubject of retiring pensions to Ministers. THE BAILWAY-COMMITTEE. Mr. nOU STON, with the leave of tho House, brought up the second progress roport of the Railway Committee, and moved that it ba , rtad. I The motion was carried, and the report read, and then ordered to be laid on the tnble. It was as follows:-"Your committea havo taken into their consideration the docu- ments referred to them by your honourabla Houso Bince the date of their last report, ani are of opinion that their previous report ha? been fully borno out, and further confirmed, by the additional evidence since taken." MESSAGES FROM THE COUNOII,, 1 ho SPEAKER intimated that he had re- ceived messages from the Council respecting the Electoral Act Amondment Bill, the Local Government Bill, and the East Collingwood. Improvement Bill. The messages stated that the Council had agreed to these measures with amendments. The amendments were ordered to bo printed, and taken into considération on. Friday. SUPPLY. Tho House then [wentinto committee of supply. Mr. HAINES proposed calling the attention of bon, members to the postponed itoms ia the Estimates, and would begin with the vote for the Victoria, the first item in tho Chief Secretary's department. The House would recollect that, in committee, a vote of one-half the whole amount proposed was carried ; bat on the report of the committee being brought up, tho House dissented from it, and resolved that tho Government should bring down an amended estimate reducing the vote. 'Accord- ingly, in the month of February, tho Govern- ment did bring down an amended Estimate, in which it was proposed that the number of officers and men should be fixed at fifty-three, that boing a reduction from ninety-five. Ha presumed that bon. members wero acquainted with the nature of the scheme which he held in his hand, and by which the Victoria would be reduced to the level of smaller vessels under the command of lieutenants. But it appeared to him that tho Victoria could not bo regarded as belonging to that class. Small vessels commanded by lieutenants had not an independent command. They were generally employed as tenders to some other ship, so that no proper comparison could bo made be- tween vessels of that class and the Victoria. The latter was an independent command. Ia the amended Estimate it would be found, that excepting the salary of the commander, the officers and men were not placed on a footing much better than those of their respective classes engaged in the service at home. The Estimates were divided into three parts. Tha first made provision for tho salaries of tha officers and men on the reduced scale, tha second provided for the pay of both up to the time of the reduction, and the third provided for compensation for tho IOSB sustained by the reductions. That was done in accordanco with an act in exis- tence-the Armed Vessels Regulation Act ; and although a question might be raised a.% to their legal title to compensation, the bill having been disallowed by Her Majesty, he be- lieved that they had a just claim in equity. But ho would bo ablo to go on at anyrata that evening with the first and third parts of the amended Estimate ; and to reduce tha amount which could bo claimed for com- pensation, ho would have to ask a vote for six months instead of for two, in order that the officers and men might be paid up to th.3 end of Juno. He would, therefore, move that "6,7á6 5s. be granted to Her Majesty for ths poy of the officers and men of the steam-sloop Victoria. Mr. B. G. DAVIES called attention to thj salary of the commander ; and asked whether house, fuel, light, and water wero granted ta him in, addition to his salary? He could not sec why that should be the case if it was so, und thought that tho commander of tho Vic- toria should be required to live on board hi t vessel. Mr. HAINES slated that tho allowancj named had always been granted, and it wai not thought advisable to discontinue it. Mr. M'OULLOOH regarded the question a i a very pertinent one. Why should the com- mander have house, fuel, light, and water, ia addition to his salary? There was an under- standing some years ago that these should b3 done away with; and why should they not b3 so? Again, he would ask whether thohousi bolonged to the Government, or was rento I by them, or what? They ought to know thi actual position in which the matter stood. Mr. HAINES waa surprised that tho bon. member should ask for any explanation a"; all, because he must bo well awaro that it always had been the custom to give the hous J, and the Government had seen no reason to depart from it. It had always been part of the remuneration paid to the commander, and the hon. member was as well aware of the fact as he was. Mr. WOODS, notwithstanding the vere loose explanation of the Treasurer, woull oppose the vote; and if anyone would pro- pose that the voto for the steam sloop Vic- toria be struck out altogether he would sup- port thenlotion. She was not a steam sloop of war at all, and it was notorious that sha would not stand the ghost of a shot. (Laugh- ter.) It was so much money thrown away, th.3 amount that was paid to maintain her ; but it was the officers who wero to bo provided for, and not tho ship which it was considérai advisable to maintain. What could tho Vic- torin, for example, havo done to prevent tha Bogatyr, or tho Dutch man-of-war, froji 1 coming here ? Thoy were simply throwing away BO much money on what they called a | steam sloop, and that chiefly for the benefit of "Williamstown, it appeared. For li ttle more than the Victoria cost annuaUy, they mirdit get a vessel capable of carrying guns of lOOlb.catlbre. But the Victoria was almost as useless ai eomo of the Government offices, and, like them, merely a receptacle for Barnacles and para- sites on the public funds. Members kuo v , well that if the question were left to a com- mittee of commercial men, and they had to nut their hands in their pockets to support her, the Victoria would not be retained for a day, nor an hour. He would vote for every reduction that was proposed. Mr. GILLIES would ask whether any sam of money could bo expended for house, fuel, light, and water, in the manner propose!, without a diiect vote of the House? Mr. HAINES referred the bon. member to the Estimates before him, and the practica hitherto pursued. Mr. ORKNEY agreed in much that ht I fallen from the member for Crowlands: bat, instead of laying up the Victoria in ordinary, he would recommend that she should be sold. He certainly thought the Minister of Finança should be relieved of one of his joint offices of Commander-in-ohief of tho Army, First Lord of the Admiralty, and Paymaster of tha Forces. Mr. HAINES made a reply, which w^s quite inaudible in the gallery. Mr. VERDON said that considerable rj duction had been made upon the first and Eccond Estimates submitted to the House. If & zcduction were to bo made, it should be ia accordance with the English standard, aad from books before him he found that the pro- posed reduction was in accordance with that standard. But he thought the ques- tion might bo raised as to the expedi- ency of reducing the vessel at all from her fuU complement ; and he, as well tu othor hon. members, no doubt, found nitn I self in difficulty in dealing with that subject;, v because he had not before ;biin information which ought to have been submitted whaa the vote was brought before them, On tha Estimates thero was a sum of £00,000 for tha purchase of an iron-plated steam-vessel, to bo brought out from England: but before thoy could bo asked to consider that question, any moro than tho present, they should havo full information before them. Ho had hoped that the Treasurer would that evening have entered into the whole question of the defences; and he thought it was not fair that they should bo asked to deal with (his partícula, vote, without knowing whcfc was to ho dona otherwise. They should not be called upan to treat the prisent as an isolated question. If the House should refuse to voto tha I £60,000, thoy might want to keep the Victoria ' st her present force. If thoy votod thit amount they might desire to do away with tho Victoria, or thoy might desire to retain both ; and therefore tho.Treasurer should have oEkcd them to consldor the whole subject at once. It was not too late, ho thought, for tho Treasurer either to mako the statement denied from him as to tho general question, or to postpone the present vote until ha was in a position to do so. For his own part, ho felt considerable difficulty in knowing what to do with tho vote, beoau33 ] it must bo apparent to every one that if thoy were to vote money for defences thoy should do so in the best possible way. If tho Victoria were to bo retained at all, it ought to be in a stato of efficiency, and ho protested against I her being done away with merely because it pleased some people to say she should be so. | Ho did not know that it was desirable to do away with her,'and ho would bo prepared to ' give his reasons for that opinion. But the whole question should undoubtedly be dealt with at once, so that lion, members might be in a position to deal with it properly, and to say whether they would have tbe iron-platod vessel, or the Victoria, or both. He would ask the Treasurer to adopt ono or other of the courses ho had suggested. Mr. HAINES had listened with interest to the remarks of the hon. member; and he would Bay, in reply, that ho was receiving almost every day more information regarding the iron-plated vessel, the cost of construction, ofbiinging her from England, and of main- taining her hero on a war or peace footing. It would not be necessary, he might add, to retain her always up to her full complement. Thero hod been two plans of defences sub- mitted to the House. The one was tho plan of Captain Scratchley, showing a reduced scheme, and the othoi scheme was submitted subsequently. Shortly after tho Government began their inquiries on the subject of the defences, they also received intelligence of the battle between the Monitor and tho Merrimac. Tho committee had inquired into that part of the subject also, and they were of opinion that it might bo desirable to have a vessel of that description. It had likewise been con- sidered that, seeing that the officers hero had been so long away from England, thoy might not bo BO competant to ad viso as to what was best to bo done; and, therefore, tho Govern- ment bad written to Mr. Childers, requesting him to make inquiries as to the host plan of defence that could be adopted. Tho result of that application was a com- munication, which ho would lay before them. A report of a board of competent officers, showiug the advantages and disadvantages' of employing tho Victoria, would also bo Íilaccd before tho 'House, which could thon brm its own opinion. It might be Chat though the vessel might bo unable to render any great services in a warlike capacity, yet it .would prove desirable to maintain her in a civil capacity. At all events, she ought to b3 maintained until the iron-built vessel was procured, because in her crew they had a moat valuable body of men to transfer to the new gunboat. In the consideration of the question of the defences of the port, tho Victoria might bo placed on one sido altogether, as it was not likely she would form any part of tho scheme were a gunboat procured or not. It was not, therefore, necessary to bring the voto for tho salaries of her officers and crew under consi- deration in connexion with tho subject of de- fences. Mr. VERDON^was more'lbowildered than over what courso to tako. The hon. mombar said that the Victoria would bo of no use for defensivo purposes, but if so, where was the occasion for tho twenty officers, with only forty A.B. seamen, as the Estimates proposed V Again, if the men were likely to bo required for the gunboat, why did the Government, by the Estimate, propose to disband a large number of them ? The bon. member's arguments ought to induce tha House to vote against the Estimate, or at lea9t, to pause before taking any decided action. Tho bon. member himself could scarcely tell what tho vessel was needed for until Parlia- ment had pronounced upon the Government proposition to expend £00,000 in tho purchasa of an iron gunboat. It was quite plain that tho two questions could not bo rationally con- sidered separately, and he would therefore again urge the Treasurer either to lot matters stand as they were, or defer the consideration of tho question until the Houso went Into the whole subject of national defences. Mr. HAINES said the bon. member must 1 surely bo awaro that the present Estimates j were brought down solely in obedience to the wishes of tho House. His own Estimates had beela amended, but so far from Baying a word in defence of tho present scheme, lie was of opinion that it was wrong in principio. Ha would like to seo it thrown out, and tho former Estimates adopted. Mr. VERDON presumed, then, that the bon. member would support an amendment for the postponement of the consideration of the question until tho House had decided a3 to the propriety of purchasing an irou-platod steamer? Mr. HAINES did not see tho slightest con ne.\ion between tho two subjects. Were the gunboat obtained, the Victoria might still ba needed : and whothor it was obtained or not, the Victoria would not form part of the de- fences of the port. Mr. VERDON asked then how tho Esti- mates could be justified ? Mr. HAINES replied, by the decision of the House. Mr. VERDON presumed it was not the re- duction in the number of her crew which ren- dered her incapable of forming part of tho defences, but the fact that she was a wooden vessel. Mr. HAINES hod no desire to prolong the altercation. The partial disbanding of tho crew could only effect a small saving, and it was not his desire that it should taka place. Mr. J. T. SMITH expressed his opinion that tho member for Williamstown had fallen into an error, through not being awaro that the . Houso had required the amended Estimates to be submitted. At any rate, an iron vessel could not be introduced for twelve months, nnd snrely tho bon. member would not aban- don the Victoria until the new vessel ar- rived. The disparaging remarks made with reference to the alleged inefficiency of the VOS- EO! applied not to tho crew, but to the vessel ; and, granting that she was but a small steamer, this was no reason why they should do away with her until they procured a better ono in her place. Her crew would do credit . to a finer vessel, and they ought to be kopt together. It certainly Fcemed strange that the captain should have an allowance for hou6e-rent, and he would rather see the salary .nffliii+iafll.».-.!«T-.1 --"-' " _, ...." "^ nuu,ui»uu otu mo biliary of that officer increased, and tho allowance dis- continued. Upon the motion of Mr. HAINES, progress WOB reported, in order to permit of a message from the Legislativo Council being received. MESSAGE FBOM THE COUNCIL. Tho SPEAKER communicated tho message, which requested that the plans and specifica- tions appertaining to tho Melbourne and Hobson^ Bay Railway Company's Act Amend- ment Bill might bo transmitted to tho Council. Upon the motion of Mr. BRODRIBB, the mes- sage was ordered to be complied with. SUPPLY. The House then resolved itself again into Committee of Supply. Mr. BRODRIBB said he found the sum voted last year for the Victoria was £10,99S lös. It was now proposed that £9,400 should bo voted, so that, on the score of economy, lhere was not much difference in partially disbanding tho crew and in continuing the vesBel in the state of the previous year. Tha saving would bo only £1,500, and this amount could bo partially saved. Any way, if the vessel could bo efficiently maintained for £l0,000, it seemed a pity that tho reduction, should tako place to save so small an amount. Recent events in New Zealand rendered it probable that tho whole of the military an I naval forces In the colonies would be concen- trated there, and that tho sole protection of the immense property in tho boy, and of the gold ships which sailed from Melbourne, would bo this little Bloop of war, tho efficionc y of which it was now proposed to destroy. Ho pointed out that tho vessel bad acted for som J timo past as a police vessel, and that sho was always ready to proceed to the succour of any ship in distress, and he maintained that on account of the service sho rendered in thes3 capacities it was inexpedient to reduce hor. The Government did not desire to reduce tin vessel, and the most prudent course would ha lo maintain the vosscl efficiently until the Parliament decided what should bo done with regard to the defences of the colony generally. He moved that the Estimates of tho previous year bo adopted. Mr. WOODS said the membois who had ad- dressed themselves to the question had entirely j omitted to show that the Victoria was a vessel of war-that sho was capablo of offering a successful résistance to any hostile vossol entering tho bay. He was willing to admit ibottheciFtcpra and crew had rcnnw/T _ 8trvicesv.n.d should the op^ttt01^ . ' pnri.-mt , this iiië püf^Twoiald sinkUtho victoria3«?! r°t broadBiSe. If the vessel was solely Äflt8t .n oved in A HaHl Tmn"u" i"TVL_ïly «? »0em Btrvices, nirl shou d the orninrima» lï"£ offered him he would be reaoTtoAJ* lecognition of those service?; CSK," did not alter the real question wh^ ^ that any vessel likely toftTfiAî* lilenurnrxiPBwrailH oinir «," iriA":Hre.l°rhos ployed in a civil capacity, let her beni, tnl611 corresponding footing. At thopresenUhÄV wm. neither upon a peace nor J wart? Thebest thing would be to adopt thesuRIÄ of the hon. member, Mr. Orkney and lu 4?11 jeeselfor trading purposes. In'Ws opiniln8 lie Government ought somo time baT?' have commenced building gunboat« i?to fending to England for the guns and ifUlorff' 'Jho best timbt-r in the.woricfforBhinhfe1 }N as ironbark, and while tho Bhins Ä fí ns built here, the armour could havo Cn^"15 cured from England. Had thisÄ Vo" four gunboats, each capableofcarryfnK X ' Tound gun. would have been nTi,SJ. lr~ i £C0,0M,Wthe harbourwouldhaSn^ dercdimpregnabloogamstanyforcelikeïvfÏÏ1" ' «nt against it. The Victoria mi .fi01»" £18,00&per; annum ; indeed, the sums £dd£ scçount of her were so muddled un fn a?* Estimates, that it was impossible toXI Jtt sLo did cost the, country ; and while thfs Ä i mount was being paie!, hon. membersilSP rally put some faith in her, andTr, r,T ta~ means for defence wore not obtained ?tT, time this waa put a stop to, and "flit »? (xamnle of tho f!rmf«w"i" oL?.. ,tüat tha (xampie of the Confederate States whom ff repple,.instcad of talking and nalsiW iTtiho lions, set to work for themäC^Ä" tntcd. He was by no means certain «?"*??" crew of the Victoria would hfSrfÄ JS8 new gunboats, for thoy wouldMto _$£¡ a now training, and in such cases it was Ä taslerto train men who had nothing too? Under any circumstances, there could ?ÍK difficulty in procuring mon in port ol^r? werenot likely theygwould A'A* Mr. SNODGRASS observed that the linn member had given the committee tho benefit of his opinion, but ho seemed to forget that the Victoria was sent out bv nerson», i" ing the wants of tho colony,7«^ a0yeVfe adapted for tho purpose. (it?. WeodT'1 ;HOW long ago?'1) W ns long Ä Victoria had been here-aaughteri-imm» eight years Hotrusted thatthXusowÏÏ xot be guilty; of such an absurdity as toZ away with tho vessel, because sho did not .como np to the hon. member's idea orXt a man-of-war should be. In former yeaX ?expenditure might have been enormouTbít it was now proposed that the vessel shoSÄ placed upon a fair footing. If ¡¡he waa in I» disposed of, let it be donoln a fair oÄv hy, sending her to the China seas OTX other market where she could be soid. 8 Mr. HAINES pointed out the effect nfHi» new Estimates. The original EsHm»¿ _ Government submitted tor]salaries and TT was for the sum of £10,996 leTThlarS was reduced to £6,746 '&.; comnenÄ to the men reduced amounted to £1,468 8sfid and their wages up to the time the reduÄ would commence would be equal to S These amounts made a total ¿f £10,164 1& i Ï ítí'í the wllole saving effected was but £832. Eor a saving of this amountit wal « not worth while to deprive tho SrVtf I must be better than nothing at all. Tha ton. member (Mr. Woods) was doubtta welt quahfieei to speak on the subject of tbode ences of the port. He wished ton. member! however, to consider the question of the Vi¿ toria irrespective of that of tbo defences of the colony. In due course, that question ¡a wou d be submitted, and the House couK I Ä?r-Slr /«fe ^ay's Bchetae< fortified by 1 the opinion of other eminent officers, should I bo adopted, or tho recommendations of the 1 Defence Committee, or whether the matter I CrowiandB 0Ver t0 the memb""or Mr. FRANCIS regretted to find that tho House was now continually asked to legislate I in a fog. "When tho original proposition was I withdrawn, it was undcistood that tho Vic- j toria was to be placed on a reduced footing, but the amended Estimates seemed to him to le open to serious question. There was soma leferenceatthetime to the vesselbeiugkept up iltja quasi man-of-war, and in this view of te coró it seemed strange that the number of the crew should be altered BO that there should lia twenty officers ina crew of fifty-three mea. Looking over the return, he found that the A.B.'s had been reduced from twenty-three to fourteen. He also found that the " trimmers," vho wereat least aB useful now as ever thoy Lad been, were reduced from fourteen to feven, whilo the ordinary Beamen wera 1 rought down from eight to two, and the boys horn twelve to five. Thus tho burden of the reduction fell upon tho seamen, while tbo fctaff of officeis were retained at their original Ï roi.nt. He could not see why a crew of fifty- ' three men should require a commander, at I £000 a year, exclusive of house, wafer, light, f and fuel, and a first lieutenant, min £350 a f year and allowances, when by the naval regu- $ lations the commander of a vessel of war when iî on active duty received only £301 2s. Gd., f! with an addition of £45 ; and a lieutenant, fe lesides his 2s. per day, got only £219 peril snnum. Ithad been urged t>y the bon. member Ij for St. Kilda that the Victoria performed efli- 6i cient services as a sort of police in the bay, lut ho behoved ehe was not really competent ior. that duty; and as for what shs did in supplying lighthouses, Elie wai most unfit for that purpose, for the country could easily get that done for £3,000 or £3,603 which it appeared now cost somo £25,000, It might bo said that it would bo best to at least keep the Victoria till we knew hot? wo wero going to spendsomo £00,000 in an iron plated boat; but, in looking round to the other colonies, he found they got on very well without such a provision. They had no fuch veEsel as tho Victoria in Sydney, noria Canada, nor at the Capo of Good Hope, where it would 6ecm vessels were often calling, from whom something might be feared. All tbesa colonies needed police and lighthouses, and 3 et did without a sloop of war ; and he, there iore, thought it was. in accordance willi re mmon sense that we should do without one here too. Fioni information received from Sydney, it appealed that they wero going to haye a block-ship from home for the protection cf that port, and ho found Mr. Cobden saying in the House ofCommooB that there was anuru her of this class of vessels useless foi any other rurpose now unemployed, which would bo .lust the sort of thing to suit this colony. When the Nicholson Government were in power an application was made on behalf of Ibis colony for such a ship, and the present moment was just the timo when it might bo 3 cpeated. Then the question carne, how lons this piece of extravagance-for ho could call it nothing else-was to bo kept up? Be did not appreciate tho success of that process which reduced the seamen, and lelt tho tfficers. It was not very long since thcrcwas a chango in tho police magistracy at Wil- liamstown, and it would not have been un- desirable if tho present commander of the Victoria had been nominated to that office, for which ho was admirably fitted, so that his claims would have been disposed of without f helving him. However, bewasnottbeGovem ment, and perhaps the best courso bad beca taken ; but still the officer in question mightlw disposed of in some 6uch mode. Ho rcmem bered the argument of the hon. Minister of Finance, that the Victoria was belter than nothing ; but this hardly justified the rapen diture of somo £15,000 or £16,000 per annum; and, besides, if he read the estimate rightly, tho reduction was already made. Mr. HAINES.-No; it has not yet taken place. Mr. FRANCIS, at all events, saw reason to complain that the Houso was to bo driven to accept something because hon. members coull uot understand the alternative. As to keep ir g_ the Victoria, the expenso was hardly to bj estimated, for in a short time sho would nee! fresh boilers, and other repairs, which mull If ad to enormous expense, so that ho really was ready to agree with the bon. member for Dalhousie, that the best thing to bo dono with ber was to send her to a good roaiket, and sell her. Personally, ho respected up lain Norman as much as any man in toe colony, but he Bhould certainly find it hi» duty to proposo an amendment, reducing the .»ote by £003-the salary of tho Commander; for surely it was too much to need a com- mander and two lieutenants for such a re- duced crew. Mr. O'SHANASSY remembered no session in which tho vote for the Victoria had cot been tho subject of great discussion and ob ac- tion, but no one had over boldly undertaken Ihe responsibility of advocating entirely oom, away with her. Horn members had talked 01 finding a good market for her, but hews ostonished at a proposition so impractical*, considering that the new discoveries in war- fare mode her not nearly so valuable, as « wir vessel, now, as she would havo bees four or five years ago, while, for mercantilo purpose* she was likely to fetch but little. (Mr. Franc*. -','Hear hear.") To this colony, however, ehe waa just now worth much more, tornera Ehe was in our harbour, at our very now and if done away with tho colony mai1 bo practically without defence. Moreover, tspenBivo as she had been, she baa, > cflect, saved the colony immense saw I because, guided by her cost, the HOUMÍ« I «ílnoned continually the subject of fortificá- is and now tho new discoveries of warfare H'so changed tho conditions of defence, that «li tho money that would have boen spant vît for tho Victoria would have been thrown í«v It was true thero was a dispropor (tonic reduction of men more than oflicora : tal then, if that was complained of, it could Jidly be remedied by increasing the number "(tho former. Besides, tho Bystem of cutting Sown the commander, and giving the com- mand to a subordinate officer, was not tha Miter way to go to work. Then, again, lot ton members consider the state of tha y. Within a few weeks war had brokoa rat in New Zealand, and the war-ship Harrier, which was to bo sont to this port for its pro tatton, and as a sot- off to the visit of tha ïnaian sloop of war, was at once sont off t J Se scene of operations. Hero, then, the colony «raid havo been utterly without protao iion but for tho Victoria, and this alona «s a substantial reason why the esti- mate before tho House should be enlarge!. There could bo no doubt but that, when tha roto was last before the House, the whola cue was misundorstood ; hon. members woro taken by surprise, and ho himsolf was un- aware, for instance, that by the Armed Ship3' legnlations Act tho Government'were bound lo give six months' notice to the crew before ¿ischarging them. This madothe present iconomy a very small one, and in such casoä is tie New Zealand war, reasons why the full (omplenient of seamen should ba kept up woro ittindant. If at tho end of this year, aud aller a full discussion of tho subject of perma- nent defences, the House wished to do away nth tho Victoria altogether, let it do so after dring fair notico to all concerned. Lot, at least, the question be put on a legitimata footing. Tho hon. member for Richmond hal ¡potten of a blockship for Sydney, but it was à yet clear whether that boon would not ba is unsatisfactory as the gift of the white elephant was to the man who could tot support it; and for this colony to apply for an arm of the servlco which wai loma useless at home, and was now ridiculed throughout Europe, was quite out of the ques- tion. If tho ship waa to bo given up lot, fair notice be given and tho question be arguol nest session, but the mode in which the sub- ject was being dealt with now was not credit- able to the colony. Mr, LEVEY thought the Victoria had po3l lirely done mischief to tho country, for so long as wo had her here the Imperial Go remment thought thero was no occasion to ¡end n man-of-war to this port. Admitting that tho captain and crew of this vessel had a ¡ort of claim on the Government, Btill it wa? bad policy to go on placing them in au invi- dious position ; and the best plan would ha to beat them liberally, and got rid of thom by toting a lump sum. Before Bending tho Vic- toria to NuwZealand again was thought of. it would be beat to get back tho money which was already owing by the Imperial Govern- ment on that account. Mr. M'CULLOCH thought the Government were not altogether keeping faith with tho House by supporting the amendment of the bon. member for Brighton, after promising a réduction, which alone induced him to with- draw his proposition for the entire doing away with the vessel. Nor did ho think tho Government was dealing with the question ia s proper way at all; for he agreed with the bon. member for Williamstown, that while día ttfEtng what was to bo done with tho Victoria, tho Houso ought to have the wholo reject of defences properly before it. Tho tolony was not in a position in which it (told trifle with so largo a sum of money a3 £8,000 or £9,000, and bon. members were at alleionts not justified in voting away tin money unless bettor reason for tho expendi- ture were shown. He trusted that the Housa would ndhero to its former determination, and ktfhe expenditure of the Bhip be reduced to that which would be sufficient for a lieutenant ia command. The bon. Minister of Justice lad said that the subject ought to bo rogardo! not so much as that of a sloop of war. bat as M CU UlULU 113 UlUb UI U. MIOUP Ol Wlir, IJ.IC ¡IS connected with tho Civil Service. Mr. HAINES.-I said only ultimately. Mr, -'CULLOCH would, then, look upon Ibis as an additional argument on his side of tie question. Ho would much rather that tho House would insist upon tho withdrawal of tie question till full information of what wero tho intentions of the Government was afforded. Mr. HAINES said the bon. member seeme I to bo noN er satisfied with the information lu got; but,as it was, ho (Mr. Haines) would add still moro to tho stock. Even if the motion »ero agreed to, to suit tho hon. member, tb.3 sum total of necessary expenses must amouno \o£10,16i 13j. Gd., including the pay to whici the officers and men were entitled, as weU ai compensation ; whereas the original estimate ïa £10,030. thus showing that the whoio Bins would be only £832. It was hardly wrth wlulo to adopt tho hon. member's new UM for the sake of so small a saving. Jtr.-'CULLOCH admitted the smallnesi elite saving, but that would be balanced by Iii lessened expenso with which they would auton the year following, Tho great error elite Government had been that, whereas ti) reduced vote was discussed six month? ¡a tho reduction was not yet commenced, before the extra cost of that six months lid been lost. Mr. LEVI had not taken tho sense of ths Home at tho last discussion to bo that tha rote should bo reduced to the extent men- tioned,but that it Bhould bo brought up to tha criginal amount. It was said that next year wold bo begun with a reduction, but wh.it sanity was there that tho whole question wold not bo re-discussed and a different view talen e\ery timo the vote was brought for red? As it was, the non-settlement of th3 ption was producing serious results, and te was informed that tho uncertainty felt b everybody bad been BO great, that, for fee months past there had not been a singlo day]s drill on board tho vessol. This was an obvious disadvantage and there were many others. Moreover, he could not help his sur- prise at finding mercantile men of standlns coming forward to deprive the colony of a rossel which had been of such signal servies lo the mercantile community. He believo I Hat tho country, if appealed to, would, b3 unanimous in favour of tho motion of th) m member for St. Kilda. Mr. FRANCIS merely wished, on a point of cider, to know whether ho must awaiti ths ttaion on the amendment of tho member for Brighton before submitting that to which hi had alluded. Mr, LALOR said tho bon. member could J« proposo to omit the first item at present, reeauso the question would bo taken upon tha »tola amount. Ho could do so after thj amendment had been put to the committee. Mr. VERDON would vote for the amènd nentoftliomemb-for Brighton, and thought ¡fT to his own side of tho House to say why (fall80- ^o present was simply a question fi vi'andfor that sum they could maintain T Victoria as at preîsent for the remainder »? 'he year ; and if they did otherwise, thoy won m piace tn0 vegsei m a position which lb would not bo advisable they should do. Tho «ion as to the advisability of maintaining M_? t ' or otherwise, could then bo ;dis » u i ' and ky tria pmi1 now proposed they would bo able to securo the services of the 2°J ker present condition, without «Mering themsolves liable to compensation, ¿il îotln8 for tbo amendment, however, ho »ouid hold himEolf free to move at the proper Te tho motion of which he had already P«n a sketch. ,Jir-..EAMSAY would also support Jth? «Moment of tho member for Brighton., It »as deslrablo to retain tho Bervices of tho ""onMccause, even if thoy did get a new 2iVh6 officers and crew of tho former would bo required for the new ship. Thoïo ÎT,' Scotch proverb, which said that thoy Kd B?TD,r "throw »way the dirty water aÄyhad, 8ot the clean into the houüo;" T « would be unwise to put away the Vic TMt lonst until they had got their now Mr, WOODS asked the hon. member how »ifT ¿«Presentativo, could reconcile to hlm Zi» ""«tofal expenditure of the public Tf ïn«sthe £18,000 for tho Victoria ? \ iififlfMMSAYsaiditwasnota question of ÍRtat of £800, and ho could perfectly SLbis c.onduct whenever ho mighti bo ra«ed upon to do BO. j Hem» fPiPdment wns tnen PU*, when ¡tho «ousedhided as follows : A"f.23 *°«. ;.; ... io) Majority for tha amendment ... ^foUowing is tho division-list V i AYES -fôrKm Mr- Irela°d Mr.O'Shana \- fii_HM. ~ Lambert - Eamsay -Don -^ovi -BlddoU \- Bulli- ,T" JJaeKreigor - Smith, J. &S;°_« Sr.MacEay -Smyth . -%S.botl__Z^rt0n -Vordcn. I _&*. _.Ä Mr. Sullivan I i,»nSa ° -2rkn,y -Tucker i ,Mli "Jopa -Wlliion I -Uuy -Smith, A, J. -Woolla. . i Mr. BEALKS pointed out that the com- . I snittee bad now arrived at that point whon progiesB should be repotted, as regarded the vote for the Victoria, in otder that the motion I of the member for Williamstown might be ' considered in connexion with the general Í «vnc-Etion of defence. Tho committee could sit i t pain immediately to deal with the other items vthich had yet to come under their notice. | Mr. VERDON had Baid he would movo his ' motion if the amendment were rejected : but j it had been carried. Still, bo was not satisfied that the question should remain in its present I tuition, or that it should como up again in n-uch the same state at theend of six months. , Notwithstanding the vote arrived at, the ques- tion still remained open, whether the changes ' contemplated were to bo mado under the AimedVesselsAct, and treproper time to dis- cuss that point would bo when the general ques- tion of the defences wasBUbmittcdtotheHouse. He did not wish to disturb the present voto ; but he desired to know whether the Govern- ment proposed giving the House an oppor- tunity of discussing the question as to whether c r not tho Victoria should bo retained in any shape when the general question of the rational dofences was brought forward ? This cuestión should be determined before the Estimates for 1864 wero submitted. Mr. HAINES said ho could not object to the course suggested by tho member for Williams- town. Mr. VERDON observed that, in that case, and in the event of tho House deciding in favour of paying-off tho Victoria, the Minister would bo in a position to give the notice that would allow of the services of the crew of the Victoria to be dispensed with at the end of 1£63. Mr. HAINES remarked that no notice vc uld bo sufficient if claims for compensa tien were to be entertained. Mr. BEALES said if the Treasurer desired that the Parliament Ehould be able, if it chose, to get rid of the Victoria at the end of 18G8, tie question must be determined during the piesent month, or the Government would not he able to give the proper notice. Mr. HAINES caUed attention to the 13th clause of the Armed Vessels Regulations Bill, .ulrich stated that it should be lawful for the Government at any time, on payment in edvance of six months' wages, to pay off any tefsel coming within tho operation of the act. Ho submitted that six months' notico would not carry out the intentions of the xncaEure. True, the bill had no legal force, inasmuch as ii did not receive the Imperial of sent ; but still, the peoplo who entered into a contract under the measure had an equit- able claim to the benefits flowing from its TroviBionB. Mr. VERDON observed that the compen- sation authorised by the bill was only pay- able in caso tho ship was paid off before the expiration of the three years for which tho men entered. It appeared that the three yearB would expire on the 1st July next, so that, by simple efiluxion of time any possiblo claim which the men could make for compen- sation would be extinguished without any dishonour to the House or to the Govern- ment. Mr. M'CULLOCH asked for some expla- nation as to " house, iuel, light, and water " being provided for the lieutenant as well as the captain ? Mr. O'SHANASSY said these advantages, which were of comparatively trifling amount, were given to the lieutenant for his services in Uew Zealand, because thero was no way by which he could bo promoted. After some further discussion, the voto of £C,74G 5s. was agreed to. THE EDUCATION VOTE. Mr. HAINES then called the attention of the committee to the voto for education. The turn of £25,000, he observed, had already beon granted by the House, to allow of the payment of teachers' salaries for tho first quarter of the year ; and there remained £75,000 to ha voted, provided the House wore disposed to adhere to the Estimate which he originally brought down. He was afraid, however, that this Bum would hardly be found adequate to the wants of the country during 1803, particularly after the information furnished by the Board of Education. He was inclined to think that an addition of £25,000 (tbo sum named by the member for East Bourke Boroughs) would be Eufficient to allow of provision for exist- ing schools, though it might not nUow for the doing of a .great deal with regard to new schools'. Ho begged to move that the sum of £76,C0O bo granted to Her Majesty for tho pur jeses of education, adding to tho motion an cxpreEsion of opinion that this sum ought to le increased by £26,0C0. Under these c'tr crmstanceB, he hoped tho member for Eist Bourke Boroughs would seo the propriety of withdrawing the motion of which he had given notice, particularly as it would have the «fleet of interfering with the operation of the Common Schools Act. Mr. HEALES thought it would bo more convenient for him to proposo his resolu- tion. Mr. HAINES said ho had no objection ; but he Ehould bo compelled to oppose the latter lortion of the motion, which related to the principle of payment. He merely thought it right to state, on behalf of the Government, that they were not adverse to the increase in the vote recommended by the member for East Bourke Boroughs. Mr. HEALES observed that, as there waa a difficulty in tho way of tho Treasurer with- drawing tho proposition, he would proceed to offer a few remarks in support of the amendment ho proposed to bring forward. 3 he reasons the Treasurer had assigned why no conditions should be attached to the Appropriation Act, with reference to the ex- penditure of the educational vote, wero the very reasons upon which he asked the com- mittee to assent to his proposition. It waa because he wished to seo the Common Schools Act carried out according to its letter and spirit that ho proposed no money should be Bpent upon what v.a.% teimed the " result system. " Tho object of the measure introduced the previous Bes- tión by the Chief Secretary, the Primary Schools Bill, was the introduction of this " result system." Since that bill was with- drawn, ceitain regulations purporting to havo the sanction of the Educational Board had cbtained publicity in the press, and these regulations carried out the intentions of the bill in such a manner that if the two docu- ments wero not prepared by the same person the coincidence was an extraordinary one. On analysing the Chief Secretary's Bill, it appeared that tho teachers would have re- ceived, independently of results, upon the average of the four classes mentioned the turn of 13s. Od. for each child, and for children under seven yearB of age the sum of £1, making a total, independently of results, of £1 18s. Gd. By the regulations it appeared that, independently of results, the sum of 153. would havo been paid In tho first instance, and also 16s. for children under seven years of age, making a total of £110s. By the Chiof Secretary's bill, tbe payment, taking the aver- age, would have been £2 Is. 3d. per pupil, and ?under the regulations it would be £28».; so that it was clear the principle upon which the regulations bad been framed was identical with that advocated by the Chief Secre taiy. This was a sufficient reason why he should ask the committee to take fteps to provide that the Common Schools Act, which had been passed by such large majorities in both Houses of the Legislature, Ehould bo carried out. Tho Ohief Secretary had twitted him with desiring the reduction oi tho educational voto. He did consider that hitheito the educational vote had boon expended extravagantly, and that a better result might very well be obtained with a f maher expenditure ; buthohad never expected any great Eaving would bo effected during the first year of the operation of the existing act. "When that act was introduced he said that, by the adoption of tho classification system, a Eaving of one-third in the cost of education would be effected, and that moro would be'ac cc mpÜBhed than was accomplished then. This le still maintained ; but It did not justify the charge brought against him, both by tho Chief Secretary and by public prints, that ho desired the educational vote reduced from £120,000 to £80,000, and would so deprive the children of the colony of education. As a publlo man, it became his duty to deny tho chargo. What he had maintained was, that, with a proper claEBification, and with a proper number of pupils attending the schools to enable the classification to be made, better results could bo obtained ior less money than was then expended. His opinions on (his point wero not formed from his own experience BO much as thoy wero from the study of cpm Îietent authorities, mon who had dovotcd their ives and energies to tho work of education'. A colonial authority, Mr. A. Morrison, of'the Scotch College, said "Justice cannot be done the pupilB with lesB than four classes, where poEBible six, Less than 120 in ono ech'pol, there is a wasto of educational power. There is scarcely a limit in the power, the classifica- tion , and tho greater tho progress of tho pupils." Mr. Crompton, whoso opinion the commis sioners in Great Britain had thought it noces Eaiy to toke, said, *' The time needful forde« veloping certain results in a school of 100 would tetwico as longos would bo required in a school ci 200. For effective gradation twelve cltiBseä/ttra r needed. Forty pupils can be as efficiently taught as four or five. In íegard to economy, ; the gain will be ton times in favour of 500 as compared to fifty." Mr. Chadwick, another eminent educationalist, said, "I consider ; large schools may bo maintained with three 1 times tho efficiency and one-third tho cost." i These statements wero borno out by the ex- perience of Echools in tho colony, Tho Deno- minational Board found that tho coBt of edu- cating 100 in a Echool of thirty was £440, while with a Behool of 200 it was £2C0. The Notional Board found that to educate 100 children in schools of thiity cost £420, while in EchoolB of 200 it coBt £200. In short, when operations were conducted upon a largo scale moro good couldbo done with small means than could DO done with large means expended on i a Email scale. He had never expressed a wish ! to see the educational vote reduced to £80,000 ; but he had said that if a thorough revolution i wero made, if the principle of classification wero fully carried out, the work could be ac- complished bettor, and one-third cheaper. 1 The regulations which the board had had ? -under consideration, far from carrying out I this principle, however, would degrade the I teachers, lower the standard of education, and i destroy discipline. Hon. memberB wero I placed at a disadvantage during the dis j cnsslon, because it might bo said that I they, wero dictating to tbo board; and if these regulations had not been pub 1 liEhed-if the Bchools had not beon dis- turbed-if the profession of a Echoolmaster had not been lowered from the honourable j position it occupied twelvo months ago-he i would not havo been justified in asking hou. , numbers to impose conditions upon the vote. . The board, however, by considering thedo regulations and circulating them, had enun i dated a system fatal to the causo of education ' in tho colony. It had been stated that tho board did not finally adopt the regulations ; 1 but as it had been in existence for nine months, and no other regulations had beeu 1 ji.t forward, bon. members weie jus- tified in taking alarm. What would ba the effect of theso legulations? In the I iii Et place, they would degrade tho position I ol the teachers. Tho Common Schools Bill ! endeavoured to maintain this position by holding out encouragement for extended classification, but under the rules tho teacher could not be stimulated to go beyond tho ihrco standard branches of education. If he wero capable of giving the children the educa- tion of ordinary labourers, the tendency of the regulations would bo to stop him thero. Suiely, however, the Legislature did not voto tho Elim of £125,000 for such a paltry result as IhiB? Unlike the policy of Great Britain, the colony had enunciated a principio that children should not only bo educated to read, write{ and cipher, hut that, living as they did in a democratic community, I a general education fitting him foi any posi- tion should bo placed within the reach of e-nchl child. (Hear, hoar.) The motive which in- duced the state to endow the University with ¡£10,C00 was, not to provide the children of memberB with tho education their parents might otherwise be unable to uivo them, but it was rather to fix a standard of education for the colony, and to establish a school to vhich every child might look to enter to fit Irimtelf for tho highest position in the state. (Hear, hear.) Nothing could bo moro injurious to any class of men than to render their pay- ment uncertain, and this was precisoly what the regulations would do. However, to look at the question fairly, they must consider the real stato of the colony in connexion with it. On a previous occasion ho had asserted that thire was a larger proportion of children here than in any other country in tho world, and the Chief Secretary cheered this romark. Tho motivo which led to the cheer was good, but still, in some respects, this condition was to I te deplored. At tho present time, ho believed, two-fifths of the population was under fifteen ycais of age. According to statistics taken cn tho 30th of December, 18G2, the population under fifteen jears of ago numbered 210,000. Of these, 70,ÖC0 wero under threo years of ago, and 70,000 wero between threo and seven. It would appear, therefore, that half the chil- dren of the colony who wero old enough to ba educated were under seven years of age, and ?Hould not, therefore, bo of any valuo under the result system. Upon this basis, ho would toko a school of thirty children to illustrais the results of the so- called reEult sjstem. Half the children would be under seven years ol age, and according to rule 9, paragraph C, the teacher would receive l63, for them, which, for six months, would make £11 6-e. Presuming that for cloven out of the remain- ing fifteen, 24s. would bo received, that would give £18 43. ; and under paragraph A, 7s. Gd. w ould be received for each of the remaining four, making £ I 10s. ; showing a total pay- ment for the thirty children of £25 193. Cd, for the six months, or £6118s. a-year. The Fchool fees would not average 30-i. per head ; but allowing that Bum, the whole amount for the year which the teacher would receive ficmfees would bo £-10. According to the regu- lations, no sum would be given by tho board in excess of the sum contributed by fees and con trlbutionB.lt was well lmownthatthe contribu- tions would not besufficiont to keep tho school bouse in repair, BO that the total sum which the teacher would receive, including the £45 from tho board, would be £90 a-year. Was this a sufficient remuneration for a man who bad charge of the education of thirty chil- dren ? In his opinion it was for too little. Ho objected also to the regulations with re- spect to the examinations. If the children were not present at the school upon tho day upon which the inspector had signified his intention to attend, tho teacher would b> allowed threo hours to muster them, with the permission of tho inspector, and the1 inspector's report would be framed in accord- ance with the number present. The exami- nations would be held only twice a-year, and it was exceedingly doubtful if ho would b3 able to muster his scholars on a particular day, especially in the winter season; but if ho wero not able to do so, ho would bo deprivoi of some portion of the paltry pittance which le would be entitled to supposing that all tho childron were present at the inspection. The ïulesalso provided thatifthoinspectorreported against the disciplino or modo of instruction adopted nt any school, the teacher would not get any portion of the Government grant. This was a most objectionable rule, for upon. the best mode of educating children there were as great differences of opinion as upon any other subject, This regulation, in fact, placed the payment altogether in tho power of iho inspectors, and the inevitable result of it would be that all the best tcachors would forsake their schools and follow some other employment. The rulo which pro- posed that the salaries should only bo paid ¿nee in six months was also very objection- able, six months being far too long to with- hold payment of any portion of a man's salary. Ho was sure that no hon. jnembcr would apply such a rule to his own employés. He admitted that in schools which contained abovo 200 scholars, tho system of payment by icsults was not so objectionable as in tho smaller schools, but these schools were very few in number. The principle of payment by results had been condemned by the best writers on education in England, nnd ono gentle- man, Mr, Morrell, said that " the best results' are thoso which cannot be measured at all," and that tho moral and intellectual tone of a fchoolhada far moro important bearing on the children than oll| the .power which could bo given them by reading, writing, and arith- metic. The hon. member proceeded to read tho petitions which had been presented to the Board of Education against the principle of payment by results from the members of the Church of England and the Wesloj an Metho- dists. The Presbyterians had always been Etrongly opposed to the system, and yet tho Ïcopie of Scotland wore perhaps, as a nation, etter educated than tno people of cither England or Ireland. Tho PreBbytoiians hero had presented a strong protest to tho board against tho system. [Tho lion, member nero read the protest.] It was well known that many of tho committee -who drew up this protest had not only de- rived their experlenco of this question from visiting schools, but some of them had ac- tually graduated in these schoolrooms them- selves-a fact which made their testimony doubly valuable as opposed to tho testimony of mcio theorists, however disposed they might bo to advance the cause ot education. 'That advancement was his own motivo for ; taking up BO much of tho timo of tbo House ; but ho trusted he had made it clear to tho minds of hon. members that by adopting his proposition, as much might bo done in the en- I Euing six months as was dono during the whole preceding twelve Tho following was | the resolution ho should submit : " This committeo is of opinion that the grant for subdivision .No. 1 should be in- creased by £1,000 for contingencies ; and that the grant for subdivision No. 2 should be in- creased by £24,000 ; and that no part of the entire sum of £115,700 should bo expended ! according to the systom generally known as payment by results; but that out of tho said I entire sum of £116,700, tho sum of £6,003 should bo expended in payment of the salaries of teachers ot music and drawing; and that tho remainder of tho said entire sum of £116,700, namely, £110,700, should bo ex- pended in the payment of grants-in-aid to the salaries of teachers ana pupil-teachers of schools, according to tho number of teachers requind in them, and for augmentation of leficbcrs' salaries, according to their chis; ii . i i ¡cn, OB fh ali be determined hythe Board of Education, subject to the provisions of tho ICfh section of tho Common Schools Act; and that salaries of teachers be paid monthly, and to them directly." He should not adopt precisely this verbiage, lut should mnko Eome additions before the cuestión was put. One portion of the subject he had, however, omitted to dwell on, and that was the addition of BID ging and drawing to tho list of thingB taught. Ho knew, how- ever, ihat othor hon. members wonld be able io deal with that part of the subject, and ihould leave it to them. Mr. O'SHANASSY did not know if the hon. member had accomplished tho object with vbich he Bet out; but it was tolerably clear, iiçm the thinly attended benches, that hon. members, if they took much intorest in the subject, at least did not show it. He could sympathize with the lion, member, bccauEO it was plainly almost useless to follow up a discussion to which the House .would not attend. The hon. member had f tnrtcd a discussion which was not at all new, for during tho twelve years ho had been in Parliament no session had passed without a timilar argument or discussion. The annual toto mode before there was an act, and the Appropriation Act, were always being clogged ?with conditions from year to year, and to raise the question now was nothing fresh. The hon. membor. however, while priding himself upon passing an act which te eaiel was going to work a revolution in cc'ucatlon in this country, yet did not appear to bo content with it; and, by a proceeding ?which one only heard of in this country, was actually wishing to anticipate the action of the board which his act had created. This f f ( med most extraordinary. Tho composition of that board did not seem to bo ques- tioned, nor was its integrity as a public tcdy challenged; and Eurely, in that case, the hon. member was bound to lot that body fairly developo its plans. What did ho do instead ? The hon.member actually Eald that the board had published,or intended to publish, a set of rules and regulations, against which ho read the protest of several numbers of religious bodies. But there wero lepresentatives of those religious bodies already at tho board, and it did not ap- pear that they had been complained of as unfit representatives. Three out of iho five members of tho board wero, to a certain extent, representing certain religious bodies, and if tbey were to bo objected to, what was easier than to call ?upon them to resign? The bon. member placed himself in a false position at once. If lhe hon. member eald the board was not truly constituted, nor a fair reflex of public opinion, ihat was an intelligible objection, but he had x.ot taken it. Ho neve-r complained of tho composition of the board, and yet be was eager to anticipate their action. That was the Fen so and meaning of the amendment. It picBciibes a mode by which the voto shall be txpended, and if the House wished to take the administration of the act out of the hands of the board, of course it could bo done; but would any man, with regard to his character, Eubmit to such treatment ? Ho believed they would not, though, of course, be spoke from i his own point of view, for ho had received no I cemmunication on the subject. One piece of information ho had received, howover, that day, and this was, that at the latest ho fhould get the code of rules drawn up by the board by the 9th of June-seven days hence. By that timo, it appeared they would bo fully ndjusted, and yet the bon. member for the East Bourko Boroughs had been making a speech of an hour or so on the subject of a code which had not yet been received by himself, as head of the de- partment. The proper course for any person who doubted the integrity of the board should surely first havo been to wait until that body bad at all events produced its code, and then take action upon it, or auch other course as might be suggested, but not to anticipate it altogether, as the hon. member ouMi.11'1-o i\i aiiut,i.tuci, aa IUU iiuu. uiemner that had done. Was it to be taken for granted i he members of tho board possessed less intel- ligence than tho ;hon. member, and that ho lad better means of knowing the require- ments of the country? Many of them had been as long in the country, and were as well educated, and if ho thought thoy did not con- stitute a proper tribunal, the best plan would be to take their powers from them and the matter out of their hands. As far as he was personally concerned, he should not mako tie smallei-t objection to this, though per- haps what the Efouse would do under the act or by the Appropriation Act would not satisfy him. But would tho bon. member give him some reasons for the conclusion «hich had thus been drawn? The 20th sec- tion of tho Common Schools Act con- templated that there should bo a standard OB to attendance and distance from each other with regard to schools to which the state would grant endowment, and the result was chown hy tho best information which he had been able to collect. From this source ho learned that out of 603 schools in existence on the 1st of July last, 172 would have tobe discon- tinued as below tho standard just mentioned. _ho fact was, the bon. member was under tho impression that he could do in this country what was successfully adopted elsewhere that he could do in Victoria, with its scattered and limited population, what WOB done in Scotland, where "the circumstances wero different, and that he could produce by largo attendance and a classification of teachers tho same result OB before ; but the fallacy of that was proved by# the circumstance he (Mr. CTShanassy) had just stated. Perhaps tho Ion. member did not care about the discon- tinuance of these 172 schools, and its conse- quent forcing of children into ßchoolß to which their parents bad a conscien- tious objection, or else depriving thom of the means of education altogether. At all events, be appeared to regard it as a matter of very little consequence, and that the 172 schools ought somehow to bo done without. He (Mr. O Shanassy) might, howover, tell the Ion. member that three years more, or any number of years more, would not remedy thfs difficulty, even were his plans adopted. Ho professed to bo a friend of education, but did lo hope to gain his end by lowering tho Ft and ard of teachers and the scale of education ? Tho bon. member boasted that in a year or iwo he would produce a greater result with , £80,000 than had been done with £125,000 formerly ; but had he dono what he sold ho ' .would ? What was the answer when ho got £20,000 morn than he spoke of? The answer was, that 172 schools wero to bo discontinued ; so he had gained a loss. What would the bon. member say to this ? Was it not to any person of experience clearly tho consequence of the system of Balarles and classification alone ? How much of tho £160,000 he wanted wes there to go to building new schools? None. Why, it tbo board woro to act on tho principle the hon. member laid down, scarcely sny amount would do. That was a conviction forced on bia mind, after fivo years' experience on tbo Denominational Board, and being able to judge of the working of tho system as well as anybody. If the state wanted to économisa in education, it must go on quite a different plan, and adopt mies which would secure tho very highest standard of qualification. Tho Ion. member wonted £1,000 for contingencies, but what reason had ho given for his re- quest ? Mr. HEA1ES.-Because tho Board of Edu- cation asked for it. ! Mr. O'SHANASSY was surprised to find tho Ion. member ono moment opposing tho loard's rules, and then adopting its recom- mendation about contingencies. Again, tho Ion. member asked that no part of the entire i um of £115,700Bhould be expondedin whatwas generally known as payment by results. What legal authority was thoro in this? Who knew the meaning of what was "generally inown as paymentby results ?" That portion of the resolution at least could not bo worked cut, foi no one would know what waa meant. _ho hon. member also proposed to devoto £6,000 for teaching in singing and drawing. This would at most bo only enough for a very few schools in the neighbourhood of, Melbourne and Geelong; and surely to undertake to give thom accomplishments -for, however highly they were thought of, they wero nothing elso-to children ¡ throughout the length and breadth of the colony was upon tbo face of it a waste, and the n-ouey would bo much better employed in providing education in outlying schools, where if tho classification wero persevered in they would not be supported at all. What would bo the genoral effect of thi, lr,n. member's resolutions? Why tha'.l »11 amendments would not meet th), case. It would bo simply doing on j of the most ridiculous things that Parua-' ment could do. Either the presont board wa i suitable to its work, or it was not. If it woro Euitoble, then it should bo allowed to follow its own course. If it were not. why not say, epenly that no confidence could bo placed in it OB a tribunal ? The bon. member had made' a statement as to tho views of the Church; of England ; but surely he knew that Mr. Griffith, chairman of thehoard, was a member of lhat body, and as much a representative ai a man could be. His denomination, then, need only communicate with him to get what Hey wanted. Tho hon. member must bo pjcFsly mistaken if ho siipp<serl FUÍ-II a f(l t'i n rn ».<!.!' ?>'!.? .(...! tt t'io^Mios of the religious body to » which ho be Icrgcd. Thent again, the Presbyterians. Qhey had their representativo there too, EureJy the lion, member had no just reason for his complaint about various bodies not being jepresentcd in the action taken by tho boardT There was one Jew and one Roman Catholic on the board ; and was it to be said that the action of the minority could overrule that of the majority? The simplo effect of tho bill would bo that these 178 schools would bo closed, and that the money would bo paid without any classification, and without re- flect to any rules. But Hie hon. member, not content with discussing his resolu- tion only, had given them a review of all ho bad done last year with re- tard to tho Common Schools Bill ¡and he relieved all that would bo put in the nowR tapers. But he suggested that the rules should be submitted to them, before they took action, snd if these wero not satisfactory to tho House and the country, surely there was a remedy. The course tbo non. member had taken was not a defensible one, and if the-y wéro to fol- low in his footsteps they would simply haye a , Common Schools Bill, and a discussion every J cession on tho whole question of education ; and he would ask if it worodcsirable that such should bo tho caEe year after year? Was it nob moro desirable that they should givo a fair trial to the act which they had already passed, and which, if found defective, could to amended? A great many peoplo had written to him, showing ihat the schools ho had alluded to must bo closed whon tho act came into operation; and what, then, would be tho effect upon the teacheis if | these BchoolB wero closed? What, in fact, did the hon. member propose to do with them and with tho children? The hon. member must see that the House would do a hasty and ill-advised net if his resolution were assented to ; simply because tho children could not go into other Echools, as ho proposed. The thing was an impossibility. He did not want to follow the bon. member through all his arguments; but tho bon. member ap- peared carefully to avoid much of what he was now pointing out. The hon. membor raid that the plan of tho Government would leave the teacher the miserable pittanco of j £90 a year for his services ; but undor the plan of the hon. member the teacher would co in a still worse position, since he would get nothing at all. What was the teacher to do with his children in an outlying district, where for various reasons ho could not carry ont a system of classification? The teacher could not carry his school on his back ; and to comply with thorequircmentsof thehon. mem- ber in such a case would bo an impossibility. When they voted the £126,000 this year how were they to diatributo it over all tho schools, £eeingthatl73of them would he closed uudor the 20th section of the act? The Parliament would only bo voting moro money than for- merly, and receiving less value for it. There was, it appeared, ¡£101,250 aotuaUy required for exieting schools, and £8,880 for additional Echools, yet thc-e additional schools would on the 1st of July ceaEO to havo existence. Again, the amalgamated board had nob brought them 5n such a saving as had been expected. Its cost was somo £9,300, thus bringing up tho whole voto to £127,422 8s. lid. Speaking from his own point of view, he was indifferent whether the condition desired by thehon. member wa? attached to the Appropriation Act or not, because the result would bo the same in eitler ense. Buttho Government considered that it would bo a bad precedent to aUow such a. course to bo adopted ; and therefore, as a Government, they would be opposed to it. because it would practically overrido a bill "which had been passed by the HOUEC, But .while they would do so, if injustico wore proved to exist under tho 20th section, the House could afterwards remedy any defect. With regard to the board, ho had said that the hon. membor had not dealt fairly with it, since ihe members of it had not had the oppot tunity of presenting their rules to the House or to the public, and ho thought it was not fair that rules should be surreptitiously abstracted from a department, and then action taken upon them in this way. Ho had nothing further to say. He was not going into the whole ques- tion, and ho would rather that tho,House dealt with the voto as they had passed the measure lost session. The Government thought the board should have had a fair opportunity of endeavouring to administer the measure under which they were appointed. They had not had that opportunity ; and i ho present resolution was the moro unfair io them that not one of their acts had hitherto been challenged. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM did not think the member for East Bourke Boroughs was eren to tho censure cast upon him by ine Chief Secretary, for interfering with ihe functions of tho Board of Education, since the bon. member was only doing that which bad been done session after cession. When tho former, or one of the former, boards existed, the same course had leen followed ; and whatover exemption from censure tho present board might claim, the previous boards should have enjoyed also. But ho never heard that they contemplated that the Houso should not express an opinion as to the votes which they had to administer. The objection in the present case was still less tenablo, since the Common Schools Act especially contemplated n say as to the manner in which tho money was to be employed. The 15th section dealt with that I oint. Well, the board ought not to consider the resolution of the hon. member ns a harsh or unjust one. It simply indicated to the board tho wish of the House respectiug the objects for which the money was to bo Bpent, and tho board should not, therefore, treat it as interfering with them. But if tho board eh ouldconsiderthatthuHousewasnot justified in passing a resolution of that kind, they had drawn it upon themselves ; for what had. the board done? Ho did not wish to say a word against them, and he entirely agreed with tho Chief Secretary, that they were well qualified for the position In which they were placed ; but what had thoy done ? It was not to be said that they wero not to discuss the iules before they wero before the House. Per- haps the discussion might hotter havo been taken then (heaT, hear) ; but if they did not embraco payment by results, the resolution would be a harmless ono (hear,hear), and if they did, then why should the House not in- terfere to prevent that? He thought Hie Le- gislature had clearly intimated its objection to the system of payment by results, not only in reference to the bills of the Chief Se- cretary, but also by tho terms of the Common Schools Act, because tbi.t measure used the qualification of the teachers on the f tandard reached from previous examinations, the 16th clause expressly providing that such should be tho case. If tho masters wero to bo raid by results, they could not bo so by classi- fication, and that would strike at one of tho lootB of tho bill. If teachers wero in future to be paid by results, that clause in tho net would bo rendered useless. Thtreforo he maintained that not only from tho de-bates in the Houso, but from tho Common Schools Bill, tho board should have been aware that the House disapproved of payment by results, and they should not have parsed tho resolution they had done. It was not only the House, but also tho teachers themselves, who woro opposed to tho system, and thoso of Melboumo, Kyneton, Geelong, and Ballarat, as well as of other places, End petitioned ii gainst it. It might bo said that tho teachers wero interested partieB. Well, if that wore lbe case, let them seo who were likely to bo best entitled to speak on the subject. Ho thought the different ohurcbes would be thd best ' authorities, and different bodies bad already expressed themselves in opposi- tion to the system. Ho maintained, there- fore, thot the Houso was justified, nob in n harsh or unkindly spirit, in passing n, . resolution 'of that kind, which would havo the effect of preventing tho Board of Educa- tion from carrying out that to which thore was a great objection, namely, the syBtcm of payment by results. That subject had been lully considered in tho debates, and BO finally Fettled that it ought not to be neceBsary to go into It again. It WBB Bottled in tho House, and it was tho opinion of the country, that such a ßystem would produco evil resulta ; and it would lower tho salary of tho toacher and render it uncertain. That would bo fol- lowed by lowering the social position of the teacher; and by BO doing they would lower ihe character ©f tho article in which ho dealt. It was therefore of great Import- ance that the Houso should express its opinion in the matter; and he agreed with the mombor for East Bourke Boroughs that tbo chnracter of tho education provided should bo a very general one, and of a high clnsB. If there wero political dangers to bo apprehended from tho political courso thoy had entered upon, thoy should try to obviate them as much as possible, and how better could they do so than by a sound systoro of education in common schools provided for all classes alike. (Hear, hear.) There was another consideration which seemed to him to bo one not to bo overlooked. It England tho system of payment by re- cuite might be fairly tried becauso there» the assiBtanco given by the state is to on class of schools only, namely, tho poorest. But in this country there was no such class of schools. Again, tho pastoral and other EtlHerein the country, who, it might be, wpr<? 1 reuFsed of means, had no places towhic_ ?Hey could send their children-unless to Mel Tot me-except to the common schools, and therefore it was extremely important that, in 3 ïcviding education for pensons Uko those, it tLould be of a high character. He did not 3 rorcEO to enter into the question,! but he did it y that this waa not an undue interference T ith the board ; and if the House did not i égard tho resolution in that light, the board 1 ad no right to object to it. Mr. J. T. SMITn thought tho course pro Tncd by the membor for East Bourke Xcioughs in this matter was rather a Berious <rc, and he did not see that tho House had i ry right to interfere in such a manner. Tho lcnid waa appointed under an act of Parlia- ment, passed" by both branches of thoLeglsla ttie, and the Upper Chamber might not con i ( r,t to tho interference of that House. Why »1 culd (hey take thatcourso because some per sers hod, ne might say, stolen a document ii cm tho board which had not beon pre- sented to the House? It would be very ii uch more creditable to wait until the régu- lations of the board- whatever they might be -vero presented. He believed the board v cold act independently of the House ; hut f hey should nauEo before arriving at so serious r chaigo as that tho board was going to violate > M act of Parliament, especially OB tho grounds 1 efore them were neithor tangible nor satisfac t oi y. Ho regretted that the resolution implied a diject censure on gentlemen whoso honour snd integrity had hitherto been uiiimpeached. (" No, no.") Hon, members assumed that the: Educational Commissioners wero about to Ticlate an act of Parliament. This was a iiavo insinuation, which members of a Legislature should not dare to make under the circumstances. All the alarm of mem 1 eis seemed to bo based on npprehonsions as 1 o w hat the board might do. He would su.?, fist to tho Treasurer the propriety of with- drawing the vote until the House hod the matter fully before it. Certainly he should net vote for tho proposition of the mem- ber for East Bourke Boroughs, because 1 he bon. member had admitted that ho had noauthority for stating that theboaidhad do tei mined on carrying out the résolutions which had been refoned to. Mr. HAINES, who roso nmidßt cries of " Withdraw," said he should be glad to comply with tho request of the member for West Bonrko if he thought thore was any prospect of business being facilitated. Hon. members "were becoming weary of the session, hut tho only way to bring thesession to a close was by ÉOing on with business. The Houso would not le ablo, in the short time which must elapse between the bringing up of the rules and the cloEO of the session, to tt-st the advantages or disadvantages likely to arise from tho adoption of the rules. He might add that the Common Schools Act contained all the cor ditions which for the last fow years had been attached to educational votes ; but, if the motion of tho member for East Bourko BoinughB were adopted, they would be travel- ing beyond those conditions altogether. Mr, M'OANN observed that it would appear that no common bond of union prevailed among the Government on this question, and Ihat only two Ministers thought it worth their while to be present during the discus- sion. The member for West Bourke ob- jected to the House dictating to the Board of Education; but that course waB less ob- jectionable than tho board dictating to tho Houso na t« the way in which tho money rliould bo spent. It was urged by tho meta- la for West Bourko that the assertion that it was the intention of the Boord of Edu- cation to carry out a system of "payments by results" had no sufficient foundation ; but it EO happened that the chairman of tho Board of Education was not long since a can- didate for a seat in tho Upper House, and during his election he declared most dis- tinctly that he had no doubt whatever that borud would carry out the principle of results. Tbo intention was also ¿bown by the rules and regulations which had been printed. And «...* .vbu.i.v.wuo "UIUUJJC.U utrcul ¿H-HU. ÜUU yet tho House had decided by a largo majority that tho principle of results should not bo adopted. He should vote for tho motion of tho member for East Bourke Boroughs. Mr. BRODRIBB remarked that it was obvi- ously inconvenient to orguo upon regulations v hich had not been finally adopted. It might turn out that the regulations themselves, after being finally revised and considered by tho Board of Education, would not contain tho objectionable features adverted to by tho mc mbcr for East Bourke Boroughs. As to tho question, whether it was right to interfere in any way with the board, that argument was not tenable. The act provided that the regu- lations, niter being approved by tho Governor in Council, should bo published in the Govern- ment Gazette, and then be laid on the table of the House. Now, for what purpose was it in- tended that the regulations should be laid on the table of tho House. Obviously, that tho House might express an opinion with regard to them. Therefore it was strictly in accordance with tho spirit of the act that tho regulations should bo brought under the con f iderotion of the Houso. Ho contended tbnfc tho spirit of tho act would not bo carried out if tho House proceeded to voto money for educational purposes without having before it the regulations under which tho money would bo distributed. Under these circum- stances, he would move that tho Chairman report progress. The motion was agreed to, and progress was reported accordingly, leave being given to tit again next day, L1CEHBED PUBIJCANS'A0T AMENDMENT MM. Upon the motion of Mr. WOOD tho Houso went into committee on this bill. On Clause 1, " repeal of acts mentioned in Echcdulo A," Mr. ORKNEY moved that the chairman leavo the chair. Mr. WOOD pointed out that this motion rcgatived the bill. Was the hon. member's intention to throw tho bul out, or merely to report progress? Mr. SNODGRASS urged hon. membors to proceed with tho bill. If the hon. member desired to throw tho measure out, let him do EO in a straightforward mannor. It was most unusual for a measure to be shelved in tho way proposed. Mr. OBKNEY said his object was to stop legislation on the subject during the present session. The publicans had just been granted their licences, and tho time was therefore in orportuno for legislation. Ho desired that the question should stand over until tho next session, BO that it might bo fairly con Eidered. Mr. HOUSTON did not beliovo the Houso dished to proceed with a measure affectinc so largo an interest as tho licensed victuallers' nt that late period of session, lion, members deshed to confino their attention to such measures as tho Municipal Bill and the Land Act Amendment Bill, which it was highly desirablo should become law. Mr. LEVEY stated his opinion that tho country desired the hill proceeded with. Tho interest taken In the matter was demonstrated j by Iho number of potitions whioh had been presented for and againßt it. If the Govern- ment desired to economize timo, they could withdraw the Nowspaper Bill. Mr. M'OANN supported tho motion. Mr.'BERRY said it looked vory much a? if tho Ministry waa a party to tho attempt to get rid of tho bill. Ho believed tho mensuro was required, and ho hoped tho Houso would pro- ceed with it. It seemed strange that tbo mea- sure should not bo brought on until n lato lour in the evening, and that tho motion to Ehelvo it should thon bo submitted by n sup xortcr of the Government. Tho motion was negatived by a majority of twenty-four to thirtcon. M¿J. T. SMITH moved that progress bo reported. Tho motion was put, and carried by a ma- jority of twenty to soventcen. ProgreBSwas reported, and tho Chairman tbtaiscd leavo to sit again tho following ¿ay. Mil. UINE'S CLAIM. Mr. WOODS moved that tho order of tho day, Officials in Parliament Act Amendment Bill, second rending, bo restored to the paper, nnd made an order of tho day for this day. Tho motion was agreed to. THE DEFENCES OF MEIDOUIINE. In roply to Mr. WOODS, Mr. HAINES oxpressed an opinion that it would bo better for the hon. momber to post pono his motion in favour of £600 being placed on the Supplementary Eatsmates " for tbo purposo of testing the propositions for tho defence of Melbourne against hostile attack," until the Estimates for the defences woro »gain under consideration. Mr. WOODS agreed to postpone tho motion till Thursday. Tho other buslnosa on tho papor having leen postponed, tho House roso at thirty-fivo minutes past eleven o clock. 