THE KUSSIAN GHOST OF LIBKBTY. Though not given to i.U|ierstitiiiii, we atv ready to own that ours is an age of phainnuis. lu the absence of anything eutudautim of a new or startling kind, in publics or religion, tdnuluws are invoked uf every form, and select companies arc gathered together, in public or ill private, to gape mid to believe. Loo tables give out spontaneous raps of warning ; the wax-lights are put out; and Uie Dowager lady Fiddlefaddle and tlie Hon. Mr. Addlepate vow that they feel as if they saw Mr. Ilocus, the spiritualist, floating round the ceiltug of tluj room, with a heavenly expression and his coat-tails pendent. Imperial council-tables likewise groan and squeak mysteriously ; a Kaiser or a Czar is about, it is said, to do a little floating in llie dark; mid thereupon, auiid thrunmiiiigs of the tiational hymn and mild salvoes of artillery, an Imperial impostor is suid to rise superior to earth and time, and to soar over tlie heads of those about him in the suptrnatural folds of something like a Constitution. It is not a Constitution, indeed ; riot a bit of it; and if the rulers of phantasmagoria permitted a closer examination, tlie phantasmal resemblance would uo doubt quickly disappear A Constitution, as all sane people know is something substantial, not sliudowy,—a reality! not a sham, » solid good, as fur as it goes, not a mocking vapour,- a practical truth, not a cheating lie. Most Constitutions worth speaking of have taken many able workmen mid much labour to fabricate. So slow, indeed, lias ordinarily been tbe prucess, that Sir J. Macliiuiosh and other philosophers arc of opinion that the lu st species of Constitution islliat which grows through successive ages and generations to maturity; unil that those whieh spring up in a night are of the gourd trine, Bure to wither rapidly away. We shall nut discuss the laws of poliiicul arboriculture, al out which more might mid must be said than w e have room for lure. We may however, ventuie lu express our unbelief of ihe universality of the rule of imperceptible progress j ami we wou d point to Ihe Belgian Constitution— which we remember as but yesterday seeing planted, and which since then has borne such prolific fruit,—in illustration of our own be ief, that positive good need nut always be old, m.d tlmi there may be dignity and wisdom without great airs. All we insist upon is that there should be tact mid not fiction, —political bone mid si:.ew, flesh aud blood, not a ghost conjured up by Cabinit spirit-rapping. The Emperor Alexander has been lrjirg 10 impose 011 the credulity nf ihe world by a curious performance of the kind we deprecate ; and IIUB aptly chosen for it an out-of-lhc-wny corner, where there are none to dispute his story and few prying eyes to peep, lie was asked hy tbe European public to make a Constitution for I'olnnil, or to allow Poland lo make accnstituiiuu for herself. But ilcs|mtisiu does not vouchsafe its l<eiicflcent manifestations iu the vuigar li^ht of day. or where the reality is liable to be tried and tested Where iliey are must wanted tliey never appear; that would destroy the whole beauty of the tlii. g." Let Kurope he in the .lark, and let all eyes look northward, a light is turned on over Fiiiinn.i, and there—is it not a beautiful illusion ? you sliall see the ghost of a nation's liberty, as patented for Russia. I'erhiips, says the Cz ir, if I think it wiil pay inc, I may some day show you \- good a ghost upon the Polish singe. Kever I 1111 unhappy country stand so inu' ll in need ot the warm clothing ami defensive armour of free institutions as plundered ami ravished, bleeding and nuked 1'olnn I. All civilized Europe cried aloud to its tormentor, nod implored him to give it a Constitution—a Constitution that when put on ivould fit it, and need not be rgain pat •ff; a Constitution of the pattern of 1816, t' no 01 lie were ready; but iu tlie name of mcrey and manhood, any sort of Constitution deseiving the name. Bui the cold-liearted spirit of imposture would not answer ; and instead of doing what would have been intelligible and useful, praiseworthy aud prudent, the Czar professed to have been seized with an irrestible impulse to startle the I?iuns by an apparation in the shape of a Constitution; and, with tbe observance of the usual amount of imperial mummery, lie has kept his word. In thj remote capiiai of the province riven by force from iswoden half a century ago, Alezinder 11. has rcsolred to bold 11 Diet, according lo the ancient local forms. This provincial, Parliament consists of the representatives of four distinct orders or estates, and the concurrence of three of llum is requisite to impart many vote the validity of law. How the nie.liocval method of IccUlaiioti worked iu diys gone by we nre hut ill informed. In our times it is certain that a machinery so cumbrous and complicated is hut ill adapted to its nominal purpose; uml left to themselves there can he little doubt that the Finns would transform it into something belter suited tu the modem rate of national tiavilling. A whole generation has passed eince a Diet lias been lietd in Finland. When Itussia seized upon the country eastward of the gulf that bears its name, solemn promises were given to Ihe inhabitants and the Government of England (who, we blush to recollect, became accomplices after tbe fact in that outrageous act of spoliation), that the laws and uustoms of the people should lie observed as ina lo mid modified from time to time by their old fashioned Diet. But when were ltussian promises ever kept save under the fear of liuiopean punishment ? No sooner hud llie Cossacks taken possession, and llie old Scandinavian flag been hauled down, than the If inns began to feel that tliey were bondmen. Thedoors of the Four Chambers wherein their nobles, clergy, burghers, and peasants hail lime out of mind been used to assemble, were loeked, and llie keys deposited in the liureau of 1 lie head jailor or viceroy of tbe new province. For many years Finland, as though stunned by i'..e suddenness of the treacherous blow, lay in a state of torpor, moaning in irticuhite y iu her sleep nometimes, but lor the ino^t part motionless and mule Ol late symptoms of returning life have been observable,— not sufficient to cause any uneasiness bt St. Pelersliugh, bui just enough to engage the occasional attention of those proficit-ntb in the art of ingeniously iormeniini>,inediploinali.tsund suldiersnf the empire. Iu answer to questions by Alexander II., the older iiariy of politicians has steadily maintained that the stolen part of Sweeden must, be prosperous and nappy because its annual revenues were steadily rising. At Vienna llie same was always said of Luiubardy up to 1859 ; and it is there said of Hungary to the present hour. The system worked well, who but a mailman would think of changing it? The less immovable parly at llie Court of the t zar look a somewhat dillereui view, liming nil that savours nf progress or populitr right us lieanily as lIk ir rivals, tliey think more highly of llie policy that would dissemble to theouier worldanil.if pos-in1c,dupcdiscontent at home. Poland is w ith Iheni neither a sin nor a shame, it is t-imply 11 great scandal. Tliey would tell any number of lies to tbe Poles or to foreign {joveriimchle, or to IIULII, in order to put an cud to it. If complete extermination were economical and easy ihey would, of coursc, have no otij.-L-liou to it; as it is nut, they would temporize, talk of an umnesty.and even promise a Constitution. Not being able to carry their point directly in the present temper of Imperial bureaucracy, they have hit upon the notable device of pretending tu give a liberal Constitution to Finland, whieh lias not asked for it. Finland's only wish is 10 be re-united 10 Sweden, and I hen to be let alone. The only purpose Finland can serve in the estimation of the Muscovites iu the present juncture is to hemiidcllic theatre uf a grand piece of political conjuring, which it is hoped may distract and dazzle intervening Europe. 1 The ciaquers of the Ozir have been everywhere instructed to raise graceful and enthusiastic plaudits at the conimcncenient of the spectacle ; and from tbe vigour wherewith they shout and cheer we may expect that the same will lie steadily kept up while the Finnish Diet is allowed to prolong the mockery of deliberation. We know not by wliut arts a safe majority of its members has been secured ; we only know that the press of Finland is under rigorous censorship, anil that the Cx ir has given in his inaugural speech tliepaternalintiniation that he reserves to himself absolutely ihe|iower of initiating any c'mnge in organic laws. Without the right to begiu, and without lhu means of making themselves heard; without an ar ny to protect them from dispersion should they grow importunate,or any guarantee that they 'wUl besu.nmoned again tor three years should tliey prove refractory, what can a poor' Finnish Parliament of four separate chambers do ? Yet such a G>iost of Ijlierty aa this is what wc are ass0red is meant by the sjiontaneous gift of A Constitution to his grateful su iects by a maguaniiuoiu and enlightened Prince 1 A uery Easy Que toQuess.—Wtiy are the Germans like quinine aud geutuui? —Because they are two UHJUi^ . ;ulir it was taken, or when. As the case nod flicy pnulii only regard Wood :is tin- receiver d net J lie lliiif, was ilieu Woods a guilty reicpr! His Ilouor having reviewed the evidence •arias <™ < l,e watch. cauie to consider the charge •aiiist Kniino June Bell, expressing regret that a woman, a free native like lier eliould be j J,, fUcli a position ; but, however painful miaht sucli considerations must not bo altei prevent an impartial consideration of the He then ndvorled (o the evidence, including f her denial or tlic clumping of (lie cheque at 6 talk; a ' li '' ie < J a(!sl " m ^'is narrowed to did she know that the cheque was stolen ; if »nfl slic received it iunoecntly, tlie case against of course failed. His Honor concluded a 1T„C occupying an hour and forty minutes by minilaiing the points on which lie had fldtssea them, and left tlie case to tlie jury to dieurge tlieir duly according to tlieir view of (lie Injury, after a few minutes absence came into ,rtand returned a verdict of guilty again6tste?hcn j|of stealing tlie cheque for LI I lis. 0,1., Woods I Tulle"' guilty of receiving the watch, and not Itv «s to K inula «Taiic Bell and Phillips, who were cliirfcd from custody. The others were remanded sentence. flie court adjourned at 9 o clock. Wl'"Kt6l)Ai', Dlci'MUKR 2ND, 1803. Jircou'l Day. iforr Hi« Honor Kir Francis Smith, Knt., Puisne Judge.) the court 6at at 11 o'clock. TI1E MUHDEH AT ltN»Kn H0X JUT. llinrlcs O'Hrien was charged with the wilful murof Thomas Andrews, on the 1st November, j, not guilty. lie Attorney-General prosecuted, ilr. Graves appeared for the defence. lurT Messrs. A. II. Mailing (foreman), William jjartli, F. Lullrell, W. Murray, N. Luiusden, Jnines Morling, I). Murphy, John Mozger, W. Luttrell, James Lucas, W. McForqulmr, Donald McGregor. 'lie Attorney-General stated tlie case, and itioneil that the deceased was an old man who tell a shepherd in the employ of Mr. Ferguson 'idler Bo* Bay, and that the crime had been fatly committed for the purposes of plunder, oiliua Ferguson, Tinder Box Uay,deposed that he a sheep run at Snug l'oint, which was left ill rgeof the deceased, an aged man; last saw him ! on Wednesday 28th October lie had paid him Js 10il on the 22nd, when deceased said he in- Jeil to get a wife, nnd that ilie blacksmith had a frhe«as going to marry, 'atilck O'Brien, 12 years old, son of Thomas )'Brien,of the Snug, deposed that on Monday, Noiber Sad, he was playing w ith oilier children ot lock of prisoner'6 hut, und found the dead body Andrews the slieuhcrd, in a clear paddock; he back to the schoolmaster nnd to the blacksmith •prisoner); witness showed them tlie body. (Wits pointed out on a plan produced the spot in which Ibody was found.) W-cjrainined hy Mr. Graves—I can't say which of the road the empty house v.-as on. :llu? court—I was going home through the pad- , I had not been in that paddock that day be- [j tlie jury—There is a three rail fence between llilncksmith'e hut nnd where the liody lay. fcmcsMcGrnth, schoolmaster at the Snug River, fed that lie had seen deceased cross-cutting wood e prisoner, in the paddock where the body was ii;l,e viewed the body in company with pri- Irsfter the boy told them nbout it; the body lay lliebock; one of the trowsers pocket was turned I'ltout, and a hand of deceased placed on the Ir. Jr. Smith deposed that lie was called to inspect Id;, and he described the result of the examina- [illierew-as blood on the grass close to the body r liiirksofslriigjJ-looii thegrnss uround the liotly; |.cised'vound on the right side of the face, anr from the upper lip below the nose, across the itli down to tlie chin, three inches :; another on the left side of the loaeinch long; another dividing the cartilage; lie left enr and dividing the scalp at the back of lflr,ftdeep wound on the Iv ft side at the hack of JiPail, pcnetratii'g to the t-knli; another on Ihe llMgli, the right hand firmly ixlenlcil over the Iclies pocket, an incised wound on the lingers of linnd; the pockets were oinply, one lurned Ileout, nnd a hex containing mulches lying by icv.ly witness believed some of the wounds were cliy a cutting instrument used by striking and bliy cutting; the body was removed on a door truest of witness, by one or two constables and gtisouer; wilness was subsequently shown Irisoner's trowsers with blood stains upon lliem 111 appeared us if an attempt had been made by rashes to obliterate the marks (trowsers pro- I>1); witness had at first formed no opinion that IhevtoundB had been made by an axe or a liliavk; witness liad made a post moitcm cxaniipn on the day of the inquest, which he described, enid he afterwards formed nil opit>i m that the nils w-ere caused by some oilier instrument with itpiglit of cut than an axe or .1 tomahawk, such tpndei in witness's opinion deceased died from of blood and the shock to the nervous system 1 hy the extent of the injuries; w-itness wus In the spade (produced) al the inquest and saw l on the blade and the handle which appeared pfretli; he nlso saw a coal with stains on Ihe (Witness litre shewed bloud ninrka oil the e, troirser6 and coat.) ' Ilie jury—Deceased was a heallhv, strong, hular man. instable Michael John Ifayes, deposed that ho I the body on Monday, the 2nd November, was I'M at the apprehension of the prisoner, nnl lily afterwards found the eo.it produced, in his It; witness had sien him wear th" coat, there I Mood marks on the left sleeve, l'rkmer when [fhi'iiiled, was searched, and 5s. fouud in his fion. Oit-exomined—I discovered blood on the 4th, Ipadc was discovered oil the sauie day. lmtable Patrick Gray, proved that lie (is«islcl fcttj' the di eeased's body into Ihe prisoner's 1prisuuer arsisted also, he liad no coat ou tit lime; prisoner lifted the head part ou to a there w as blood on tlie shutter. Imtablc Adam Listen, one of the constables in Igc of the body ; proved Ilia! wdien the doctor ltnakins the post itmriem examination, prisoner |;lo witness fern bucket, witness said " Charley • isabtid job a'jout the shepherd." prisoner I" Yes, the b wretch will never trouble ine I more " IM. donnlian Watson proved that he made Ihe | produced troin a measurement he made, nnd j prisoner's lint, by looking across two I s of fonees, he could see the placo where the I «y i lie proved tlmt lie fiund the spade ill Ilia's hut, in the rcct ss between the font of his ('nil the wall; it was not concealed; witness hail a temtioii with prisoner before be apprehended I; lie said lie was at home on the Sundav all day P'glil, lliat the shepherd p!e,it with'him on I')'"ijlit,and left enily on Saturday morning, I'ailnot seen him after that till he saw his I wilness aeked him if he had n sister in town, I'ld lip liatl not; when witness apprehended him I 1 "." Well well, I've hcen in this country a long It.liut pvc never been taken for the like of this." !'• F-W • Quiltcr deposed that lie had devoted a I'taible portion of his lime to the study of •Mcoplc and general chemistry, and he believed f si able (o detect the presence of blood ; he had IUj'detected one of ihe alleged blood marks on R™e produced; ^J' heating the part lie could peel J? e "wwr, and he submitted various tests which I 10 .™ hiin that taking into account the color T "cated, along with tho re-action, it was blood; Ptssalso gave evidence with reference to other prat clots of blood on the handle. I'M-exainineS—No other gentleman assisted me V 1 analysis, but Ur.Turnley and Dr. Crowther h Present nt the preliminary experiment; they did I® me result. I observe on this coat sleeve T "airs of the color called bay, speaking of liorseB, r°tacquainted with veterinnry science. f . , "j ! J ur y—1 heated (lie blade of tlie spade, II »«wb1 the ojipearnncc of the stain. 1 ™" a Jarvis, daughter of Win Jarvis, Snug '.deposed that about six weeks liefo e the nDflir, l ln w >orru\v<.J ,-rum |lcr fal|,er asmile to make a |««l kiln. Jua'is, mother of the last witness gave I 1 ® of „ e uiversation with prisoner oil the ,'. "elubir, Wednesday, "respecting the llierd. '' H'c Court—I alwuys knew Andrew and prisoner on friendly term<. and I know from my ilangliiir that Andrew was there on the Fri.lny. <J» •he 22u,Illicit of October, deceased cume tu my house when deceased gave nie£l on account of a I iraneaeiion besween roy husband aud him. Next) day prisoner came and told uie Iliad betterget the ! vest of the money as Andrew was going to town, j •Shortly afterwards Andrew came aud paid tne £2 I giving him £3 change of a £5 note. for money to marry the bladtsmitli's sister j on a I previous occasion witness asked prisoner if he had a i sister, prisoner said no, butif he had he would , before lie would let her marry such au old wretch as j (lie shepherd ; he said he had told him he had a | Msier at Roberts the pawnbroker's, aud he bad only said solo get him in a string; and that he had borrowed the shepherd's horse to go aud see her. • By Mr. Graves—I thought it a good joke, aud understood by getting him in a string, malting a fool of liini, humbugging him. Uy the Court—'The shepherd was a stupid man, aud plenty of people down there madeafool of liini; he was l'oolish aud believed everything that was told 11itil- JiimoB Gortnley husband of the last witness deposed that lie liad a conversation with the shepherd at prisoner's hut about his going up to town to get married to the blacksmith's sister ; alsj that the ltiin was burning on the Sunday, aud, ho thought, on the d:iy the body was found. By the Jury—The shepherd lived at Mr FerKU'ou's, about five miles from the blacksmith's ; 1 nevur saw any drinking going on at the lilackbimths. Tin mas Trotter of Oyster Cove,depose! that the last time he saw the shepherd alive was on the 1st November, at Iub own place between two or thrcis o'clock; witness asked him for money he owed hint, but lie said he would call as he came lYoni town on Thursday ; be taid lie was going to get married to the blacksmith's t-ister. By the Court—X left Dykes with him ; Dykes lived with him. Martha Leonard, wife of Patrick Leonard, living 1 nt the Snug, proved that in the evening of the Sun- . day she heard a great lioise, like men fighting nnd : : quarrelling from near where the body was found; she next heard as if some one was shouting for help; witness was going out, but her husband, who whs deaf, would not let her go out; a long time uiter witness heard tile voice of a man named Simmons shoutiug at the blacksmith's, nod snyin^—" Charley, are you OU!;" after that she heard n burse coming, ami heard Jobn Deneliv talking to the blacksmith; witness had heard pritoner speak in threatening terms of ihe shepherd. Thoiuns Brown, a sawyer at Snug lliver, proved that on the Sundny evening nbout half-past nine he heard a noise of qnamllinu, as from Ihe piddcck ...» the ., body , was , on the Monday about two in the afternoon, he saw prisoner driving ou: some cattle from the paddock; prisoner must have gone to within six or seven yards of where the body was found, nnd it was inipo^ib'e but that he could see the buoy ; the kiln was not lighted on the Sunday ; witness saw no smoke al all. Hugh Molloy of tlie Snug, proved that on the 1st November, he was in a house with Buckley, aud heard a noise about nine o'clock. Thomas Simmons, a splitter at the hack of the Snug proved that on the night of Sunday the 1st November, he stopped at the prisoner's all night; witness" heard a scream almost like the shout of a woirnnjwho had got a blow from a man; he could not say if prisoner was ill nt the time; shortly afterwards prisoner began to make up the fire, when witness asked the prisoner if he had some women out there; he said no, and complained that the last time he was in town he had spent all his money on women, when witness left he went through the paddock, but did not sec the body there. Miehnel Kicrnnn, of the &nug;, proved that tho last witness left his place, and went in the direction of prisoner's shop between 9 and 10 o'clock ; he was not drunk, but knew what be was about. John Dcnehy ol' the Snug, prove 1 that on the night of Sunday, the 1st November, about 11 o'clock he went lo the hut of prisoner, who was undressed; Simmons was there in bed ; the paddock in which tho body whs found was witness's; lie kept horses j there; he had nut authorised prisnner to drive cattle out, hut I'.e had heard that, he use.! to do ir. Will. Jarvis was sworn, hut the Attorney-General did not examine him in chief. By Mr. Graves—The prisoner 'lees n liltle as •'. veterinary surgeon, he hid attended Watt's horse, nnd he operated up m a horse of mine, whose mouth bled. By Ihe Attorncy-General —T can't say whether he had a co n on then ; 1 did not suy at the inquest j nll}.,jlilllt ..U,0„( m y ho;Pe. liril^i't O'Brien of Tlioi O'llricn, of the Snug, diiilariy called (examined by Mr. Graves) proved that her husband's horse was slaked some weeks ago, the stake was taken out. by her son, but prisoner afterwards took out a piece that had been left in and it bled. j By Ihe Attorney-General—I eau't recollect if lie I wore a coat nt Ilie time. 1 The Attorney-General here (at 5 o'clock) applied , to llis Honor to adjourn the trial till the morning as : a material witness, Dykes, did not appear. His Honor sai 1 no doubt he could do it, but the qnesiijn wits whether he ought to doit, in consideralion of the jury. ! The Atloniey-tl'iieral observed that a constable . had been se;:t to tlie istrict case Dy'ii ther , nnd other connables were : town w ho would no doubt l-e on the look-nut, in c; man. being fresh :ro:ii liie country, had be -n unable to resist tb teo.ptation to go to one of these public, houses, where perhaps he w\\.s now in a slate of intoxication. Mr. Graves f .iid lie had no objection to a postponement. llis Honor tln ii dolenniiiei to adjourn the ttial umil ten o'eUie.; t«-m«r>vw morning, informing them that they wi.uld have every reasonable rcfr;vhnient at ihe expence of the Own, and the Sheriff wouM take e'are that they were ma le as comfortable as possible. Three javelin men were then sworn to keep the jury, nnd they were accommodated at the ICxchange Hotel, The court then adjourned, QJefore His Honor Sir Valentino Fleming, Kuigltf, Chief twice.) (HIIN.ll.l.Y KNOWING. B [William Patrick Hkerrey was indicted for that lie on Ihe 21st, day of February, 18(12, did unlawfully and carnally know and abuse Christina Weber, a gill under the age of ID years. Prisoner . pleaded - not guilty • and , was undefended, , ,. Jury :-Mc'ssrs. John Lord (foreman), lish Lovell, Hichnrd Mil house, H A. Matlier, Henry Ult- son, Wm. M'Uvcn, Charles MiHer, William Lnuiprill. Tlios. Win. Lucas, Frederick Moore (Murray -street), H. Moore, and sural. Mnddocks. Mr. llobscn opened the case, Ml stated that oil - the day named the girl Christina Weber was living at Three Hut Point with Mrs. Hartin, the prisoner was there at the time, took the ftirl on his lap, gave her a penny, and then commuted the otlence chaiged in the indictment, vhicli was not discovered until a j fortnight afterwiiils His Honor asked if that was the only way the learned counsel could accuunt for Ihe lapse of time whieh had occurred since the offence was committed. Mr. Dobson said there wnsVo other cause apparent on the depositions. Christina Weber deposed that she was 11 yeare of age, nnd was the daughter of Frederick Weber of New Norfolk, on the day named she was residing with Mrs. Martin, at Three Hut l'oint, she used to go out, nnd leave her alone, and on the afternoon in question she was alone, and prisoner came in, took her by the hand, nnd sat himself on a chair, lu; then put her on his knee (the witness here described most cle .v!y the commission ot the offcnec which is of course unfit for publication). The evidence of Frederick Weber (the child's father), Mr. and Mrs. Martin, tile proprietors of the house where i he child was staying, and Dr. Whiffen ns to his examination ot'tliccliild and that the offence had been committed. The priso.icr denied the charge. His Honor put the ca«e to the jury in a clear and I'onc.is'. manner, air! the jury retired to consider their ceroid, and litter nu ans.'nce of half no hour, brought in a vci.lietof guilty of the attempt to carnally know the girl, aud not guilty «f the rest of tl'.e | information md prisoner was remanded. t5NI.AWFUI.LY W0SNU1NQ. William Walsh was charged with having ou the 22nd November Inst, unlawfully and maliciously wounded John linrg-ss on the face. He pleaiediiot guilty and was defcided by Mr. Moriarty. Tho following jury were sworn:—Mcasra. Edward ltobert Lord (^foreman), Patrick Montgomery, Charles Lovelt, David McGuire, Alfred Lucas, Thomas ilarsden, David Mnnson, John Monk, Rhcuben Luckman, S. B.Mather, and John Macdcrmott. John Burgess proved the offence against prisoner in similar evidence to that given at tlie Police OfHcc, the assault having taken place on board tihe Tasmania steamer. By Mr. Moriarty—X hove always been on good terms with prisoner up to this affair; an altercation took place between me and prisoner on the Saturday night about a watch I had lost nnd found agnin; I told a person named Stevenson that I suspected prisoner had stolen it; I do not recollect prisoner when he dragged tne out of the bunk taxing mc with accusing him of stealing the watch; in fact I do not recollect anything that he did say; prisoner did not challenge me to fight him, lior did I challenge him; | I never raised my hand to prisoner, but I took all I I got quietly. j ,|u|ui Stevenson, a scamnn, belonging to the Susan | brig, gave evidence that he met prisoner at the Tcli graph Hotel un Sunday utternoon, and asltcd I him it Burgess had accused liim of stealing the ! vuteh. and witness told him he had snid so, nnd that ] from -.vli.it he told him he believe! he bad stolen iL ; ; prisotier swore some oiths lie did not steal it, nnd then left the house ; nbout twenty minutes after j prisoner again retiirned and said licit should ' never accuse anyone uf stealing a watch (or some | time ; witness nskivl him if he had beaten Ihe man, | and he replied, " You may believe I have," and then j looked at the hottmu ot his boots, which were stained i Willi lihud ; he also said that if it vvas not for his j grej -headed old mother, who was in Melbourne, he I would finish him (meaning Burgess) that night; a j Icnock then can:® at the door, and the walchman j called out that Burgess was murdered, nnd prisoner siiJ if he thought it would do him any good he would go down at once and settle him. / iSy Mr. Moriarlv—Burgess had told me nbout his ! watch ; prisouer had been drinking beer that Sunday, but was not drunk ; I think I did say if a man licensed mc wrongfully of stealing his watch I would have given him a good thrashing ; have hod a falling out with prisoner. Andrew Burns, the watchman on board the Tasmania, ^ave sihik evidence of seeing both prosecutor and defendant go oil board the steamer; he went forw ard aud came hack to ask witness for some malchcs, willi which he returned; witness heard ' prisoner u?e threats to prosecutor and tell him ho i would teach liini H lesson for accusing an English- ,' mau of stealing iiis watch; and that he had told Mr. . Johnson T and . twenty others that lie had stolen it, I nnd liurgess in a feint voice said '' Never;" witness ) w-eut away and subsequently saw both prisoner and Burgess come on lo the gangway, blood was streaming all over the latter. Hy Mr. Moriarty—Did ;not hear prosecutor cry for help. Dr. Turnley gave evidence of the nature nnd extent of the various wounds, all of which might have been inflicted with the .fist; but lie rather believed they had been inflicted with some blunt instrument. Mr. Moriarty for the accused submitted that the ease was surrounded with extreme suspicion and that the whole was a fair stand up light, and the whole of the blows were inflicted with the fi6t, and in conclusion he argusd that Burgess's evidence alone proved any 'assault, and that sailors were scrupulously honest, and when accused of stealing anything, they were much exasperated, and the provocation giving to him by prosecutor was considerable. He called Thomas Blore one of the javelin men whodeposed to seoinj; prisoner when brought into the gaol on the 23rd Nov. last, next morning he observed bruises on his face, the left cheek being swollen and discoloured, and the right eye w.v> discoloured, and a scratch also under tlie right eye. By Mr, Dobson—Prisoner did not say how he had received thehri'iisi-s. John Stevenson was recalled, nnd stated that he ami prisoner ca.:ie to blows, and witness struck him on Ihe face up to which time there were _ no marks wha'soveron theface. j By Mr. Moriarty—I. struck prisoner three or four tinny; 1 have hen in court all the time tlie last witness was being examined, and I told a constable I that I had struck him. | His Honor asked Mr. Dobson if he wished to reply? | Mr. Dobson said lie did not; and i llis Honor then summed up, am! pointed out the i distinnlion between unlawfully wounding and ooui- | inon ass mil, nnd left it to Ihe jury whether, taking ] all the circumstances into their consideration, they j could consistently reduee the charge to that of j co liniuii ,'i-sauh ; and if they believed proiccutor's \ tcsliuinny, a more brutal, unmanly, or cowardly assault unvcr was perpetrated hy one man upon ailother, and was not like tha: ot a fair stand up fight, which, how ever unlawful, gave eajli man an equal advantage. He felt it to be his dnt.y to say tli it tho accusation made by prosecutor against prisoner for stealing his watch was no justification for the assault, however it might have wounded ihe prisoner's mind; he left the ease in the hands of the jury, who retired to consider their verdict. Mr, .lo- cph Moir who had been fined by llis Honor Tu sdav, and i.'l to-d iy, here stepped forward and informed His Honor that he was in court about thi-i e minutes after his name was called on both oc- llis Honor after some consideration remitted both fines mi the un.iert iniliiig that similar default should liot occur ag.iin. Til .jury in W-ileh's ens? here came into court after 10 ininuies ..nsiMCu, and relume I a verdict of guilty nuaiust the prisouer, and h^ was remanded for sentence. The court then adjourned until to- morrow (this) morning, nhen the only ease remaining undisposed or w ill l.e tried hy the.Cliief Justice, and the scutences passed un those convicted. Thursday, l)ECKjin::n 3, 18G3, (Before his Honor Sir Francis Smith, Itnt., Puisne Judge.) His Honor took his seat at 10 o'clock. Till! MIJRDUIt AT TIIE SNIJO. Charles O'Brien having been called to the dock, The names of the jurors, who had been accommodated at the Exchange Hotel, for the night, were called over by the clerk oi the court. The Attorney-General then called the witness James Haiinain Dvkes, and explained that the man )ui(j ,lot lwen in {aull> Rs th,, Bnllliceila was „ot pcr. 60,m|iy served, and the person who received it did not givc it |lim „nti| ,„, ,ie W M found b t|)UCOn. stable coming up to town. T|,e v imc,ga ,]L.,„l60() to deceased having taken tea ,vilh iljin „„ ,])ealu,rnooll j„ (,„,.sli01; llM,j „-llen !)0 |eft at 7 o'clock he had abunt 1.1 in notes upon him; jiesaid he irns going to get uiariied to the black- Et„j|),>s sisier .mJ „-011|,| rclul.„ „„ Wednesday- witnc,,s lluvcr eaw ilim ag,lin aiiv(lj „,,j 'o£ )lis 0„ tlieTueniny from Mr. Watson; he hod a •cut saw with him, but no bundle. By the l ourt—lie told me he was going to meet the blacksmith and goto town to get married to llis sisier; I had known Andrews twelve years; lie was a simple sort of man and very easily led : \v:iy; I never saw him drunk; I did not know prisoner before ; deceased was a weak, small man, not fleshy ; he had left on the Thursday to go to town and get married, but he relumed on account of the weather; once before two years before, he said he was going to get married. Mr. Ferguson re-cilled said he was present when Mr. Waison found the spade*; prisoner said he liad bu,'rowed it from Jarvis. By the Court—I received deceased from the Prisoner's Barracks 2Stli Feb., 1854 ; in twelve months he got his ticket of leave ; wns away aboit twelve months; then returned and remained ever since; he did not save any money, hut fooled it 3 way; lie was always anxious to get man i.-il; every one said the hlacksmirh had him iu a string ; he was a good deal there, working one half his time. Denis Buckley was called on his suhpiv.v.i, hul he did not answer. The case for the proscc'itinn tl.en close d, Mr. Graves vrocedcd to address tho jury for the | prisoner and referred lo the case as one mtin ly circumst.-iiiiial cvi ience. He ciuniikulcd on" the testimony of tho several witnesses, that part tspe.id'.y witli reference to ilu impmbalii i:v of I lie prisoner nut liaviug stiii ihe loly in the "paddock when he drove out the cows, the fact that Hie liny O'Brien, mid mlier witneg^es had i'.-1-t.ei along ilie tract, and up the paddock without seeing the body was favour- > able to the prisoner, who was all old man, having nearly attained his three score years and teu, whose 1 yesight was occessarily defective. The learned counsel said lie could uot cxactly understand on what ground the Crown imputed motives to the prisuner, whether the obiect was to get money, or wether tlie deed was committed from feelings of malice or hatred. In reference to the expressions of prisouer raked up liy the neighbours, while it was to be regretted that such language should be used, it must be recollected that languogeof the kind among the wild, uncultivated, busli people, linked sentence almost; be did not care whether twenty or thirty clergymen were within coo-ee distnnce. Alluding to Dr. Smith's evidence Mr, Gravea strongly censured its loose and unguarded nature, especially as to the weapon with which the wounds were inflicted, and the blood on the sleeve of prisoner's coat. Constable Hayes he said was another Dr. Smith, who had evidently tried and fouud the prisoner guilty before he came into court, and he (Mr. Graves) commented ill severe terms on the unsatisfactory character of the statements made. After further remarks on the evidence as to the blood, and the improbabilities of the case as put by the crown, tho learned counsel noticed tlicjridiculous etoryabout the . shejiherd's intention to marry the blacksmith's sister; which was to say the most, only a joke practiced on the shepherd, without any deep laid scheme to suit his ow n purposes as alleged, ami in conclusion he expressed his acknowledgments for the kind assisti mice ho had received from the bench and his learned friend, dictated hy an endeavor to elicit tho whole of the tacts of this most serious case. llis Honor summed up, iirst directing attention to the f.icts which were bcynnd dispute, Buch as the payment of money to the shepherd by Mr. Ferguson, the shepherd leaving the hut tit Snug Point on the Sunday at seven o'clock, with the avowed intention of going to town to get married to the blacksmith's 6istcr ; that lie must have been murQercd that night, and that lie was found murdered the next day. The question then was, who committed the murder, was ft the prisoncr at the bar ? The iuterence to he drawn from the evidence of Mrs. Lennard, and others was that the murder was committed at or about the place where the body was fouud. Hiving commented oil the evidence of Dr. Smith, his Honor said the question was whether there were any circumstances on which the jury could find that the prisoner committed the deed ? And they would ask themselves what motive the prisoner could have fordoing the act. Was it robbery ? I'lte fact that the deceased's pocket was turned inside out favored the presumption that the murder was committed for money. The prisoner kn w that deceased had money, he knew that he had received inonej from Mr. Fergus m; but they found that prisoner went lo Mrs. .larvis, told her the t shepherd was going to town, and a lvisci her to g< get what was owing. iVue the motive malice or ill-will. Did tliey from the threats proved, gather such an amount of ill-will as to amount to a sufficient motive for n murder f Then the fiction about the intended marriage with the sister, what waB the object? From the circumstances they could not, his Honor thought, throw uiiv material light as to motive. But to come to the facts bearing more distinctly on die prisoner, his Honor recapitulated the evidence as to the driving out the cattle and other circumstances, and he left it to the jury to say whether upon the whole case they were satisfied of the guilt of the prisoner, and that no one else upon rational considerations, could have done the act; if they were, they would not shrink from their duty to ilie country, but convict him ; if not they would pronounce a verdict of acquittal. His Honor's charge occupied an hour and a quarter. Thus. Brown, recalled at the instance of the jury, and questioned by the judge, said he was working in tlie garden of his own house on the Monday afternoon when lie saw the prisoner driving out the cows. The jury deliberated for Iialf-an-Uour, and then brought in a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was then discharged. SKNTENCtS. Joseph Wolstencrafi, convicted on his own confession. of housebreaking, was sentenced lo eight years' imprisonment (equal to penal servitude). Kuhcrt Johnsun, on his own confession, convicted oflirceny, S''iilcnccl to two years' imprisonment. The court then rose. (.Before His Honor Sir Valentine Fleming, Knight, Chief Justice.) liui:i;i,Jl!T. Hichnrd Summers was charged with having on the night of tlie 27th of October last, burglariously ken into and entered ilie d A'ciliu^-house of .lohn Kvat.s, with intent to steal therelroin, and stealing 0 ie conntcrpaue aud one blanket, the property of the said John Evans, a second count charged the prisoner with feloniously receiving. Plea not guilty. Jury—Messrs. John Lord (foreman), Samuel Maddocks, Samuel T. Lucas, William McLaren. John Monk, David Mansou, John McDermott, Frederick Moore (Murray street), Henry Mitson, Charles McLeod, Joseph Moir, and Allred Lucas. Susan Evans, a married woman, residing in Patrick-s'rcot, deposed that oil the night of the 27<h Ocrober she went out at about a quarter to eiftlit o'clock leaving thednorsand windows fast, and nil the things safe in the house, and that when she returned •she found the bed.-tead stripped of everything, inchi ling the counterpane and blanket rel'cvrcd to ill ihe information ; she fuuher depose 1 that the key 01 prisoner's door lilted her's; idcutilied the counterpane produced as hers. llo.-e Grey tlepovd to hiving purchased the counterpane produced from prisouer oil the night in question at ubjul nine o'clock ; he sail it was his own. Detective Morley deposed to apprehending prisoner, and receiving the counterpane produced from Mrs Grey. The prisoner denied the charge and addressed the jury to that efiect, and liis Honor summed up. The jury having been iu retirement for two hours and a quarter returned a verdict of not guilty, and His Honor directed that the prisoner should be discharged, linving cautioned him to keepalittleclearcr from drink. The jury was then discharged from further Attendance. SENTENCES. Mary Ann Cunningham convicted of larceny, protested her innocence, aud threw herself on the mer r :y of the court, hoping His Honor would give her a light sentence as she had been four months in gaol. His Honor said the prisoner came to the colony under sentence for a precisely similar oH'enee of stealing clothes. Since in the colony drunkenness nnd absconding had been her principal criuics. llis Honor concurred in the verdict of the jury, nnd said he vevily believed her present p isition w as owing to that curse of the colony—drink, lie then sent' iiccd her to two years' imprisonment, which was equivalent to penal seivtlude. Stephen iiell, cimviclcd of larceny iu stealing a j cheque the properly of Thomas Powell, lie slated iu : reply to the usual question, licit he had nothing to ' saJ, I liis honor expressed regret that lie had to sentence | a free native of theculony under such circumstances. It n;.peared the prisoner had been landlord of a public lious?,which he was afraid was not a reputable one; and lie was afraid the teuiptatiou of a place of that kind were such that he could not control himself. Having further alluded to the drinking, vice und immorality which belonged to these low public houses, his Honor said they were the key to unlock the door of the prisoner's offence, and he was afraid it was easily to be explained that such vice aud immorality should beget dishonesty. The prisoner's case presented features pccu'i.iry repelling; it was a very bud case, be was the landlord of a public house, as such it was his duty to protect the customers who came: that he should protect them against the inherent propensity to drink lie could notexpcct, and did not givc him credit, for, and he should have to say the s uit: of many nliie landlords, seeing that the more drink they sold, the more money would flow into their lili--: he did not s:i_v they should not allow their customers lo Invei oisoniibleiiiid piapcr refresh • ments.I.ui i hey should not pi rmit them to inordinately i I in.lni.ite in intoxication forth nthuL. 'I be pri I ers from ral :i v and wrong done ' by •' others, hu' whit was in be said of this case, for the prisonir not only did not do that, but he was the party to |Hrpclr"ito that wrong nnd that robbery. Under such circunijtaucvs, ordinarily, his Honor should have felt it incumt>ent on him to pass the full sentence «l' the law, for he could not regard the case as disclosing features which lie could for a moment palliate or mitigate. Yet the prisoner was a young man, the habits in which he had been trained. and the temptations to which he had been exposed might hove begotten that recklessness which had led to tlie offence. He was a young man just entering into life ; looking then at that fact, aud giving liini the benefit of it, and also that he had not been before the courts of tlie colony for any offence, lie should feel justified, to a certain extent, in mitigating the full penalty of the law. AU his Honor hoped was that the prisoner would reflect on his position, and when he should emerge to freedom that he would recollect the past and take a lesson for the future. It was possible, even now, when he should have performed the sentence which the law imposed on hiin and lie should become free, almost to wipe off the recollection of this offence; he could not thoroughly obliterate it, but he might to a certain extent wipe it out by a futurecourseof honesty. His Honor then sentenced the prisouer to three years' imprisonment which was equal to penal servitude. Benjamin Bernard Woods receiving a stolen watch, said nothing. The Chief Justice said it appeared the man liad always been a free man. His Honor was afraid his position came unier the category—drink, visiting public houses,^instead of eorningan honest livelihood. There were, however, many circumstances in the case, which did not render it one of very harsh reflection against him, nnd bis Honor should not pass on him u heavy sentence; tliesentence was two years' imprisonment. Elizabeth Tallont, similar offence, threw herself on the mercy of the judge, on account of her family. She did not know tlie watch was there, had she done so, she would have had time to c remove it. His Honor said her character was very good, but e he had no doubt she had a. guilty knowledge. Cohabiting with the man Woods, she was at the public house at the time the watch was seen in liis possetsion, and it was afterwards found in one of her child's dresses. His Honor did not intend to o pass a severe sentence, as looking nt her position lie could make excuses. The sentence was that she be imprisoned for twelve calendar months. William Patrick Skerroy convicted of ail attempted rape on Chrbtina Webber, if is Honor said he had been ill a very dangerous posiiion indeed ; he had been on the brink of a precipice, and had the jury not taken a lenient view of tlie case, nothing could have saved him from the penalty of death. His Honor lutving reviewed the records uf his past life which showed numerous offence--, sentenced him to six years' imprisonment, equivalent to penal servitude. William Walsh maliciously wounding John Burgess. Prisoner saM he had been fifteen years earning his livelihood by sei. and it. was the first time in his life that he had been a prisoner. He had been seven months in the Tasmania, running between Ilobart Town and Melbourne: he further said lie had an aged mother and a decrepit father at Melbourne, and lie had been their principal support; he therefore hoped the court would deal leniently towards him. His Honoi',howevcr he might pity and sympathize iritli them, lie could not he regulated by such considerations in the administration of justice in this colony. He|commentedon the brutal and cowardlyassault committed on that man, and warned liini against the impulsive and hot-headed disposition which appeared to actuate liitn. He could make every allowance for his feelings on being charged with theft, but there was nothing to justify the brutal outrage of which lie had been guilty. The law authorised him to pass scutencc of four years' imprisonment, but looking at his youth, his being free, and looking to his excited mind, he Imd come to the conclusion to pass upou him sentence of two years' imprisonment. 