... . .MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.. y kTliOy.follqwing areV.thq. hptices of 'motion1 for .this;eycning!:—.. ' ,"!. ..,'7., . '-jy'Mr;GiK0E)ml.vTiut;ai|ijBiiehl:'- ipoiuted:- 2.! Tliat the. Gas Compahy.be requested' to furnish th'oir terms for supplying tho.'iitreet' lamps with 'gas; fand-keopingthom in repair for sixmonths. . " .. . 7'PhILHABSIOXIC, SociETY's Conpebt.— In : our brigf-hctice of.the Society's Conc.ert, in our last' issue, it should havo -been staled that Messrs' ' Balme,' 1 Dunks ,imd: iThorburn performed , the; bass solos, and,- that Mrs Hodgson sang several solos iri her usuabexcollont stylo. ! -V f; : : -The5 CbUNTY coubt and Couet ov Mines are) ;hbld;'ft)iday.-;';BuSihe,M Vvjll commencq at 10 a.m. precisoly ; those-parties who have eases set down for hearing' will do welllto be punctual in their i attendance, as'His Honor J udgo Forbes — like; " timo and tido "—will wait for no man.l -.» MuNjcii'lL-'FiNANOE ! — Apropos of. our com-: .'men'ft 'on .the financial position of this municipa lity, th'o'l Barker-street " Charivari has issued a capital cartoon in which the " Municipal Micaw-;: ber "!iJ thb'central figiffe jsketcheffiyith romark- ahie'-skill)1.'' Miss Castlemaine " is-represented exhibiting a little aec'ount'in whi'oh her liabilities ' arbvstate'd at';'£6,(K)0;: The; Clijiirmiin; of tlie' but ho" is1 a moyqly, ; pas-ivo subject V'Mr. Gl, m his cliaraoter bfJ.>thev .Municipal "Mieawber, thus:addresses tlio. .embarrassed ropresontativo of the ratepayers "Now, Miss Oastlomaiho,' wo: will- crent 1 nil " illuminated1" ijumpi bestow ! cold' 'watches'1 on,' till our . Chinese rosidehtii, liav 0 1 ai. .Great. "Austi,aliah---ExMbition,v'lhyib'ut.!'n:1large /Zoological Gordon, and-i liquidate ''ohi liabilities by.bills:ot'8cvehr -tcn); -ona: thirty years 1" i 'To .this miignificent prpgrnmmo1 MiBS - Castjemaine sbrrqwfully' rcplies,-f-"But'igbod-,grac(ou8 !: -I Jmyo no. money,. ; and!".hbreit' is this horrid! bill td: meet.!." The cartoon: ihj'.almosf worthy of thg, pages of Punch. A Ghost Story.— To-morrow evening David Blair, Esq., is announced to lecture at the Con- gregational School Room, on the subject of "Ghosts." Apropos of this question, there is a strange rumour on Campbell's Creek of a mys- terious nocturnal visitor at the Ajax Claim, Bo- livia Reef. It may be recollected tbat, some time ago, a poor fellow named Coombs, a share- holder in the company, and a remarkably tall athletic man, was suddenly killed by a fall of rock in the mine. The story runs that a few nights since the apparition of the deceased ap- peared to another member of the Company while in a stable, on the claiim. The latter, a total abstainer, and a very steady person, was too frightened to speak, and requested two of his mates to watch with him on the following night. Whether at the orthodox hour of midnight or not, we are unable to say, but at a moment be- tween sunset and cock-crow the phantom was again discovered by two of the sentinels, the other one failing to detect the unearthly visitant. It is said, moreover; that the advent of the spirit was heralded by a cat, which on being shot underwent several metamorphoses, till it, finally assumed the outlines of a superhuman form. Unless the vision was entirely the creation of an excited imagination, it is probable the affair has grown out of a mischievous practical joke. The topic, however, is evidently an unpleasant one among the men on the reef. Eminent poets, divines, and philosophers in the old world have believed that ghosts do walk the earth after they have "shuffled off this mortal coil," but the one on the Bolivia Reef is the first we have ever heard of on the goldfields. 