te tiftiunttB afraid Tales for Country Readers. THE SPECTRE GUEST. (By the late M. R. MITFORD.) [Continued.'] GOOD wishes having been proffered, and gifts presented, they sat down to table. When Frederika, like the rest, removed the napkin from her plate, she found beneath a costly necklace of oriental pearls, a splendid diamond ring, and lastly, a letter directed to herself. The maiden, in glad surprise, examined the glittering jewels, with a pleasure natural to her age and sex. Herr Bantes looked at her with eyes sparkling with joy, and gloated, as it were, on the astonish- ment which she and all displayed. Pearls and ring made the circuit of the table, that every one might have an opportunity of admiring them. Meantime, Frederika had broken the seal and read the letter. Her features betrayed surprise even more than when she had discovered the present. Herr Bantes swam in extacy ; but the mother studied with anxious curiosity the constrained features of the child. After a long silence, and inward reflection, she laid the letter down. " Let it go round," said the enchanted father. Silent and stupified she handed it to her mother beside her. " Why, Rika," exclaimed the old man, " has surprise stolen away thy breath, and so forth ? Admit that the papa knows how to manage matters." " Who is this Herr von Hahn ?" asked Frederika, with clouded brow. " Who else but son of my old friend Hahn, the celebrated banker. could'st thou expect more? The old fellow has managed better than I have been able to do, here, with my manufactory. Now he has retired. His son, young Hahn, has taken up the business, and thou wilt be the youngster's bride." Frau Bantes, while she gently shook her head, handed the letter to the captain. The contents were as following : "On the occasion of your festal day, fair lady, an unknown one ventures, alas ! in spirit only-the doctor having forbidden him a journey, on account of the severity of the weather-to address you. Alas ! that I must say the word unknown ! Ah ! that I could repair, in place of these lines, to Herbesheim, and there solicit your hand, and complete the union which our good parents, in the heartiness of early friendship, had resolved upon, as well as accomplish that for which I so earnestly long. Adored maiden! the first mild weather, though somewhat ailing, I shall hasten to Herbesheim. I bless my fate, and shall make it the object of my life, that you too shall have reason to bless our happy lot. I can only beg your hand, but not, I know, your heart : this can alone be freely given. But leave me, at least, the hope that I may be permitted to deserve it. If you only knew how happy a single line from your pen would make me how much more it would strengthen and heal, than all the skill of my physician, you would not bid me ask in vain. Permit me, with respect and affection, to subscribe myself, your betrothed, " EDWARD VON HAHN." The captain gazed, dumb and stupified, at the letter. He did not look so much like a person who read, as one who dreamed. Meanwhile, Father Bantes wished that Frederika should put on the maiden ornaments, and openly and freely declare how much they pleased her. "But, papa, how can I do so? I never saw this banker, Herr von Hahn, in my life." " You little fool, I confess 'its natural ; but I can give you peace and consolation thereupon. He is a fine, slender, tall youth with a pretty milk- white face. He has been somewhat weakly, probably from overgrowth for he shot up, as it were, into the air." " When did you see him, then, papa?" " The last time I was in the Residence. Let us see, it may be some ten or twelve years ago. It was the time I brought you the fine doll, almost as big as your self. What is this it was called ? Babet, Rosetta, Lizzy, or the like. Now you know. Young Hahn cannot be more than twenty ; a fair youth, I tell you. You must see him." " Papa, I had rather see him first than receive a letter with such proposals." " Why, yes, it is a hard case as we old fellows arrange it, that he cannot make his appearance at your birthday. When I was betrothed to your mamma, I came myself. Now, mamma and you have your little eyes opened. The secret almost burned my soul out. If I had once shared it-but I know you women ! Had I betrayed the secret before the birthday, all the surprise would have flown to the winds !" Frau Bantes replied, somewhat earnestly, "You did well, papa, not to take the mother into your counsels: it is done now, and heaven bless your work." "But, mamma, I say, look at the match ! For his nobility, indeed, I would not give a red penny. Our girl there won't take it ill when she is to be entitled gracious "Lady, [the title given to noble ladies.] See, mamma, we manufacturers, in the long run, make but common gains ; but a banker, in matters of trade, altogether surpasses us, and so forth. Let the old Hahn but crook his finger at Vienna, and to the whole Court is in a bustle, and asks, What are the orders of the Herr von Hahn ?' Let him nod towards Berlin, when, whoo ! they all bow to the ground. Neither the old gentleman nor the English themselves could do anything with him. So I say, mamma. Now, what say you ?" "I find the match, as you have arranged it, excellent," said Frau Bantes gravely, casting her eyes upon her plate. Frederika looked sadly towards her mother, sighed, and said, " And you, too, mamma?" The captain still continued to stare at the letter while they spoke. " Thunder and lightning, captain !" exclaimed Herr Bantes, "have you not read it often enough ? Your soup will be cold !" Waldrich aroused, looked once more at the paper, and dashed it away from him as if it had. been poison. He ate: another took up the letter. Father Bantes was vexed that Frederika did not seem overjoyed. At first he attributed it all to the sudden surprise that the poor girl could not find a word to say. Meanwhile he carried on his jokes, just as a merry old gentleman like him might be expected to do on such an occasion. But there was no response from any side ; only the book-keeper, cashier, and overseer smiled assent. At last, somewhat mortified, he said to Frederika : " Girl, speak out your mind, and say if I have hit the mark or not, and done a wise or a stupid job ? Say it to your own paper But I guess you will pipe differently, my little bird, when the young women comes." "It may be so, dear papa," replied Frederika. " How could I doubt your affectionate intentions in the least ? Let this suffice." " Now; that is all right, Rika. A girl of sense must think so. Mamma herself admitted that she thought so, when she was your age. So, fill the glasses and here is to the health of the bride and groom" The papa touched his daughter's glass ; the others followed. Their spirits seemed to return again. " After all, it was a bad business, that young Hahn could not be here," continued Herr Bantes. " A handsome fellow, I tell you ; very pleasant, very com- pardonable; better educated than his father. I wager you won't get away from him so easily, when once you have seen him. I wager that you will fall upon the paper's neck and thank him." "It is possible, papa; and, should it prove so, that I shall do willingly. But, until I do see him, I beg-and you know, dear papa, I have right on this day to my request I beg, until I see him, that I may hear no more of this unknown one." Herr Bantes frowned, and at length said " With your leave, fair daughter, that is a simple demand after all. Let it be, however. The mamma, in her time, never preferred such requests." "My treasure," said Frau Bantes to her husband, no reproaches to Frederika. You must not forget that it is her birthday feast, and no one must vex her." " You are right mamma," replied Herr Bantes c " but he will surely soon be here. The new moon is near : then we may expect a change in the weather." The conversation, although still a little restrained, now took another direction, and at length went on in the old fashion. The captain, however, was still somewhat silent, amidst all the merriment. Frau Bantes appeared to observe it, and, contrary to her custom, often filled his glass. Frederika sometimes looked at him with earnest inquiring gaze and when at times their glances met, it was as if their souls put secret questions to each other. Something like a silent reproach seemed to lurk in Waldrich's eyes; and you would have said that this reply was not disagreeable to Frederika. The others chatted on and the good papa reached the height of enjoyment. It so fell out that when they all rose to give the fair queen of the feast the customary kiss, that Waldrich and Frederika met exactly in front of Herr Bantes. " Dearest thou, Rika," said the wilful father; fancy, now, that our George there was a certain somebody that I dare not name on pain of death, until he come. Now, fancy that, and the kids will be something more than common. Try now, Thou little fool !" Waldrich and Frederika stood opposite to each other. He took her hand. Eye was fixed on eye: earnestly-almost mornfully, they bent forward, to the first salute. The old gentleman sprang forward, with a comic air to see the kiss. It was given. Both, while they separated, clasped each other's hand more earnestly. Waldrich turned pale: as for Frederika's eyes, they swam in tears. Their lips met once more, and yet once more. Then, deeply blushing, Frederika turned away; while Waldrich strode towards the window, and traced meaning- less letters upon the panes. The old gentleman looked right and left, while his body was fixed like a stone. "What the cuckoo is now abroad? What's wrong with the girl, or what has happened to her ?" Frau Bantes bent her looks upon her diamond ring ; she knew what had happened to Frederika, and said to Herr Bantes, " Papa, spare her now, till she has done." "Bui;-but-but," cried out the old gentleman hastily, as he ran to Frederika : " what is the matter, child ? why do you weep ? She continued to weep, and replied she knew not why. "Ah! tricks and so forth," shouted the father. " Something has happened thee. Art thou ill ? Has the shame-" " No." "Or the captain said anything to you?" "No." "Thunder! and I am sure neither have I. What ? Only speak for the sake of the joke. Why do you weep?" Frau Bantes drew him gently away from Frederika, and said: "Papa, you have broken your word and vexed her. You have refused her request, and you know it well." " Reminded her of somebody ? you are right ; should not have done so. Let it pass, Rika; it shan't take place again. But who takes on so with papa on the instant ?" Frederika by degrees became tranquil. Frau Bantes led her to the harp. Wald rich must join : the flute was brought she knew music. Frederika, accompanied by Waldrich, played gloriously. It was an evening of sweet enjoyment. CONSULTATIONS. Papa Bantes kept his word. Not a syllable further" was said about somebody. Vain effort everybody in the house thought so much the more about him. Every morning regularly, Herr Bantes went to the thermometer, tapped it so as to make the quicksilver rise, and bring fine weather for sick travellers. Frederika likewise tapped to make the quicksilver fall. Waldrich and Frau Bantes, as well, peeped oftener than usual at the tale telling tube of Torricelli. " The weather improves visibly," said Herr Bantes one day when he found himself alone with mamma in the parlour; " the clouds divide. I think he is already on the road." " That may God forbid, papa. Let us be well advised, and write to Von Hahn, not to come to Herbesheim before Christmas. And though I do not believe the foolish talk, I still feel a little anxious." " So he, mamma, it is about the Spectre Guest you are thinking! Stuff, aren't you ashamed of yourself?" " Dear husband, it may be folly, I confess it. But should anything happen to our child in Advent time, one would always why, the very thoughts of such a thing might make Rika very ill, and increase the evil. And though I am not such a fool as to believe in ghosts, and Frederika laughs at them as much as I do, still one would not like to spend the night alone, for example, in a church. Man is ever so. Put off the betrothal at least until after the fatal period. After Ad- vent young people will have a hundred years interval, to see and to be seen, to court and to be married. Why be in such a haste ? A few weeks' delay can make little difference." " Shame upon you, mamma, don't put such nonsense in one's head. For the very reason that the people are chattering about this Spectre Guest, Frederika must become a bride, and the betrothal take place. One should set an example. It is a duty, and so forth. When they see in the town that we don't trouble ourselves about this Spectre Guest, and be truth our daughter in spite of all their tittle-tattle-that Rika keeps her own head, and that her neck is not twisted, then the mad belief has its own neck twisted for evermore. Preach to the people, ' be prudent, be good, report" all that helps nothing at all but show an example, Sir Priest-show an example !" "All right, paper; but your child is dear to you. Look you: a hundred years ago, so speak the church books, something unfortunate happened; perhaps, even then, men despised the old tale; now we are going to do so too. But when the marriage takes place during this unlucky period, and something bad, which God forbid! were to happen, then-" " But ! you are not going to see Frede Pike's face awry ? I can't think of such a devilish thing. Chase away such thoughts, I say." > " No ; but suppose for example that Herr von Hahn, in these doubtful days, and during this wintry weather think how sickly he is now-and how he writes what with the long journey, and the exposure, and the bad roads, he might aggravate his disease. In any case, we should have a sick, and perhaps, at last a Dead Guest-it grieves me to think it to deal with. And then the superstition attached to Advent this year, would through your wilfulness be confirmed. Dear husband, think well of it." Herr Bantes did appear thoughtful, and at last growled forth :-" Mamma, I can't understand how you always fall upon devices that enter into no other person's head. How do you manage it have you become a poet and so forth? Look about thee, and see you do not become possessed with the bugbear of the Herbesheim folk. All will be for believ- ing it. You, Frederika, even the captain soldier though he be, the cashier, the book-keeper, the overseer-all I say? But it will keep word with nobody pooh!" "Were it possible, of which I have much doubt, it were the part of a prudent father to treat a prejudice that hurts nobody with indulgence." " All folly does harm ; therefore, no truce, but war, open war ! Since Frede Pike's birthday everybody in the house appears stupified, as if the day of judgment were at hand. The devil has hatched the fable of the Spectre Guest. What I have said, I'll do, mamma. I will alter in nothing-I am altogether immoveable !" So saying, Herr Bantes strutted out of the chamber. Meantime matters did not go on as of old. The conversation had left a thorn behind. He found that if he would not put an end to the peace of the house, he must defer the formal betrothal until after Christmas. He loved his daughter dearly; and even this love made him dread, in case any mischief happened her, that it would be set down to the account of the Spectre Guest. The nearer Advent approached, the more restless he became, and yet against his will. He wished that his future son-in-law would stop away. It now terrified him as the weather became fine; and the vivid sunshine streamed over the world, as if to bestow a rich autumn on a late harvest. He now tapped diligently at the barometer to make it fall. Much to his surprise, he observed that mamma, Frederika, the captain, and, in short, the whole household, regained their good-humour as the weather continued to improve, only he could not regain his. FINE WEATHER. Frau Bantes saw very well that Frederika had many an objection in her heart against the rich banker; and that the captain was, in truth, captain in her heart more than he should be. Not so much, indeed, to favour the captain, much as he was esteemed, but to guard against the possible ill-effects of haste, did she desire to put off the formal be- trothal of the banker to her daughter. She wished that the young people should become acquainted with each other, and that Frederika's thoughts should become familiar with the change. It was further to be ascertained whether the heart of Herr von Hahn was altogether worthy of Frederika. Therefore the anxious mother had never approached Herr Bantes, nor opposed his choice, although he had concealed the highly-important arrangement with regard to his daughter until her birth- day. She knew her husband right well and was aware that opposition would only make him more intent upon his purpose. Therefore did she hold the conversation which we have related, which stuck a thorn as it were, into his side, and perceived not without satisfaction that it had produced its effects. And on the birthday itself, she had written to a friend at the Residence, to make inquiries as to the character of the Messieurs von Hahn. The answer arrived on the very day that the fine weather was beginning to frighten Herr. Bantes. Herr von Hann was decribed in this letter as one of the most amiable of men, whom every one esteemed and commiserated, at once because he was sickly, and because she was in slavish dependence upon an old, sulky, eccentric, and greedy father. For some weeks previously the young man had had the entire charge of the old gentleman's affairs, the latter being obliged to retire to the country, owing to bad sight, worse hearing, and the other infirmities of age. This agreeable intelligence was fine weather to Frau Bantes. Another circumstance also brought fine weather for Frederika and the captain on the very same day. [To be continued."] " IT is a shame, husband, that I have to sit here mending your old clothes."-" Don't say a word about it, wife ; the least said the soonest mended." 