SÚMEME > COTJBX, .MASTER'S- OFFICE, THIS DAY. Oaban v. Moaaban, obsrge i Brown v. Carrigan, dis. charge i O'Fdrrall v. Attorney-Genera), analysis ol charge; Frioe v. Bitobie, minâtes; Perry v. Mair, co farther consider deorpe ; Segereon v. Loder, minâtes, VioTonii THEATIIE.-MAODETH.-Tho prodaotlon of Sbekeprrt'd ttagedy of " Máobetb," on Saturday evening, was a triumph in ivsryl serjaa [of the word-the house WSB orowded to repletion-In the boxes we observed many leading families, several members of the Legisla, ture, aod prominent officials of the Government. The prinoipal canees of attraction were the anticipated grandeur of the inoanutlon soenes, by means of the new scientific discovery, «nd. the reappearance of Madams Sar* Flower in the obaraoter of Heoate. Tbe reception given to . this old favonrite of the publie was extraordi- nary. Fer several minâtes after ber entry in tbe third aol, the performance was suspended by tbe entbasiastlo applause, burrabs, and waving of handkerchiefs. Madame Flower sang and recited the part with great dearness and purity ; bf r costume, too, was picturesquely appropriate and gitanoBque. It seemed to us, too, that Madame Flower bad been drilling tho ohorus, as most of Looke's mario wie given with great eoouraoy. The appaii lon of Banquo at the banqat soene, by mean« ot Pepper and Dir oks' 11 ghost" invention, was most efftotlvely managed, proving that Mr. Pitt thoroughly understands the management of tbe apparatus. The soene was triumphantly SUOCBBSIOI, tbe sudden burst of light, after the sombre oolonr of the preoediog mo menu producing a startling tfföot. The cauldron soene was also very well arranged (though we nbonld have preferred -the moie traditional setting of Maobeth de- scending, tbe rooks). Mr. Muagrare, Mr. Howard, and Mrs. McGowan, personttlng the three witohes with (real ability. The other epootral apparitions of the fourth act were produoed by tbe aid of the oxy calcium Ugh'. The obie! portraiture of the tragedy ls of ooorse Mr«. Poole'« Lady juasbetb ; tbii ia so well knowo as lo need oo laudation ; bat tbe lady laboured nodor groat disadvantage on Saturday, for the want of study on the part of some of those with whom she aoted. Poor Mr. Warner really exaltes our pity; he must ba Buffering with a severe sore throat, after blB continued monotonous soreeobing of tbe patt cf Maobeth : we presume it must have been compulsory, from some managerial ediot, for the purpose of pleasing the groun Hinge ; for we scarcely tbink that Mr. Warner, whom we have BO often had oooasion to praise for his easy and excellent soling in many obaraoters, should voluntarily have eo far " o'^rBtepped the modesty of nature." He should recoiled tbtt there may poisibly ba ia tbe theatre tome who may be mentally slive to the beasties of the poet, and the neof Baily for their natural rendering. Mordoes Maodaü'a grief display itself in horrid shoats: and we oannot imagine why Mr. Balford (io that obaraetei), during nearly the whole of his conversation with Malcolm, should direotly turn bis back on that prince. It may be conventional, but it is very inelegant-and more, over uneourlly and unpolite. Attention to a few snob points will greatly Improve the representation of a gcod drama. It is rn agreeable duty to add praise to neos«. I a*ry censare, and wa o»n give Borne oordial expresaions j of approval to Mr. Appleton's Banqao ; Mr. Hal', too, BB Rosee, waa careful and dlsorimioatiog ; he bas a good voioe and a 'corred delivery ; and by an improvement in a rather awkward gell, will add muob to bis general tffioienoy. The tragedy will be repeated this evening. 7 BB BATHUO, T BAZAAB.-The " fanny fair " now being held at St, Mlobael'a Soboolroom, to aid in liquidating tba debt on tbe new Gatbolio cathedral is, wa are happy to »ey, being well attended, and apparently récoltes de. sirring support. Buring the week, wa viaitod tbe biz »ar aérerai times, and on eaoh oooaBion found lt very lively and bustling-one murmur of commerce amidst tbe tinkling of tiny bells, and the entreatios of young ladles, engaged in pressing visitors, in the «oftest and most delioate tones, to " take a ticket for a rp ill -." Tbe et tils, ol which there are Ova or sir, ats arranged semi' cirsnlarly along the boya' ich jolroom, and the building Itself is treverxed by s row -of kerosene lampa, wbiob tlrowss bright light on tbe .gaily decorated depart- ments on either side.. .There is a very good display of a tioler, snob ai are gin rally found In bazaars, vis., wilting deekp, work boxes, flos samples of croteheNwork, and the other hundred and one essentiel» ti all that ianieM or ornamental. To parti-uluma the appearano* ol the different stalls would be rather iovidious ; bul we must yield the palm to the M eats Reardon, (Jeffy, and Fitzpatrick for the very beat and tas'-y manner in wbiob th^y have arranged those btld by them. The following ie . Hat of tbe several s all-holders:-Central stell.-Mrs. Dwyer and Mte. Walsh, aaalated by the Ml-eos Walsh, Qilon, and Puieell. Stall, No. 1.-Mrs. MoGUrr. aoaUcod by the MUss» Sullivan, MoCloeky, and Beüaoe. Stall, No. 3. -Via. Harolden, amlstod by the Misses Keloher and Wilab. Stall, No. 3- Mia» Goff <y, assisted by tbe Muses 0>ffey, McDonald, end Vin P. Stall, No, 4.-Ml«» O'Connor, enlatad by Ibo Minos Fitzpatrick and Bear. doo. And last- though not least In bia efforts to pro- mo e tbe weitere of the object for wbioh tbe " fair" is bell- oomea tbe gentleman who officiates as " Cheap Jaak." Tbe reoelpti, VD underatend, bave far exceeded the moat sanguina expectations of the young ladies, Bathunt TIMI, September Utb, 