THE MOORABOOL AND TEA TREE. I. We some time since reported the extension of Bal larat mining operations beyond the Durham Lead in its farthest extension to the locality of the junc tion of the Tea Tree Creek with the Moorabool. The latter diggings are better known as "Morrisons," an old established Scotch squatter of that name having a station close by the confluence of the creek and the river, and having entered into leasing arrangements with one or two Ballarat companies who have recently taken up mining grounds there abouts. From a visit we have made to the locality we are now able to give a more detailed account of the place, and of the extent and prospects of mining undertakings there. Lying, as it does, out of the highway to the seaboard, and from five to seven miles from the nearest railway station, the diggings there are as it were secluded from the general mass of miners, and only the old prospectors and the new speculators seem to have taken any interest in the field. It is an old diggings nevertheless, and pos sesses a post office and two public-houses, albeit we saw no sign of anything ecclesiastical. It gets up races too at intervals, when a diggers' purse and a maiden plate are run for, and hurdle races are con tested for a given sum with something else "added." The locality is romantic and excruciatingly quiet, and as may be easily expected the dwellings of the people are charmingly primitive. Wattle and daub huts, something like the clay biggins of the High landers, or slab houses covered with shingles or bark or thatch, comprise all the varieties of domestic and commercial architecture extant there; while the home station of Mr Morrison, just be low the main diggings, possesses the ex ceptional distinction of sandstone walls, the materials of which were quarried from one or other of the many sandstone knolls and ridges beneath which the Moorabool wends its tortuous way along. We should estimate the total population of the place, including the squatters' establishment, at about 250 or 300 souls. It is obvious, therefore, that the inter est attaching to the locality is not due to its popu lousness, but rather to the importance associated with its past and prospective mining history, and to the scenic peculiarities of the neighborhood. The nearest railroad station is that of Meredith, another place, by the bye, that may, for its absolute rural tranquillity, be a fitting parallel to the mining grounds on the Moorabool and Tea Tree. Meredith was once a thriving little township, its aliment being the coin which lucky diggers and hopeful travellers of all kinds so liberally spent while the old coaches and csrts stopped at one or other of the hotels in the place. Whether the hotels were ever made for the place or the place for the hotels we never found out, but now that the railway has sent Cobb and all his phaetonic adversaries, and all the goods traffic off the road, the hotels are merely great useless ghosts of departed days. Houses that in the early days of Ballarat mining cost from £10,000 to £20,000 each, are not now worth half as many hundreds - if, indeed, they would sell for anything at all. The "light of other days is faded" once money-making proprietors have been vis-a-vis with insolvency commissioners; coaches and luggage carts are no more, and publicans decay; the goats and pigs that wander undisturbed about the township seem to be stricken with a pathos of melancholy reminiscence, and the inhabitants who remain would certainly perish of absolute inanition were it not for the railway trains that stop at the station, and infuse a fitful feeble life into the otherwise fatal inertia of the place. Our business, however, with Meredith just now is only as a railway place of arrival and departure for the Moorabool and Tea Tree waters, otherwise known as " Morrison's." That place is situated six or seven miles east of Meredith, and about 30 miles from Ballarat. We started from the railway sta tion through the bush in a line a little north of east, so as to strike the upper portion of the Tea Tree diggings, and to give our pilot, an accomplished bushman plus some pretensions to the character of a savan, an opportunity of showing us something in the shape of "likely" places by the way. We are afraid to say much more about the accomplish ments of our conductor, became we know his mo desty, but we should add that he is an enterprising mining speculator as well as scientific enquirer, and that the extension of Ballarat enterprise to the Moorabool and Tea Tree is mainly due to his "en quiring spirit." At about half way to the diggings we passed an outcropping lode of quartz, where some of the stone had been taken out to serve as road-metal, heaps of surfacing stuff lying about as if waiting for the Chinaman's cradle or the European's sluice to test the nature of the deposit. Cutting this quartz ridge is a likely looking shallow gully trending nearly east and west, and having no sign of prospector's work anywhere within our range of vision. After passing this place we crossed some rather poor country with outcropping trap, conglomerate, and a kind of hybrid of blended trap and sandstone with flinty edges to some of the blocks. We then come to the fine black trap soil on which Mr Morrison's pre-emptive is situated, and where we found his men employed in harvest ing a good crop of excellent wheat. The corn had apparently been cut with a machine, and the whole of the ground was strewn with stray straw and ears of wheat, the sight of which would have glad ened many a poor English village gleaner. If the farmer has no means of picking up his crop in a cleaner fashion than that, the more the pity, as there must be a loss both of corn and of that tidiness of crop which is every good farmer's pride. Having crossed over this rich basaltic soil we came to out-cropping quartz oze (sic) rock again, and our pilot held that in the hollow we had traversed between the quarts lodes before mentioned and this outcrop of auriferous rock there is the probable course of a deep lead. In fact his theory is, that it is highly probable that it is the course of the Ballarat Trunk Lead after its presumed exit from the windings and gorges of the Black Lead and Durham grounds. From our own observation of the country we are inclined to think it probable that a deep lead may be found there, but without a survey of the ground between that place and the Durham it is obviously impossible to say anything about the probabilities of a continuance in that direction of the deep ground of the Durham neighborhood. This is a problem which, perchance, our enterprising pilot may yet do something to solve, at least speculatively. He was about equally perplexed to know whence the hypo thetical deep run in question came and whither it went. Now the contour of the neighborhood and its geological character pointed to one outlet and now to another, but the evidently favorite theory in our scientific friend's mind was, that it must pass through Morrison's pre-emptive lands and the claim of a company known by the mellifluously aboriginal name of Barhoneyghurk, or perchance through that of the Golden Rivers Junction Company. We have no hesitation in saying that if there be a deep lead there it is almost certain to pass through the claims in question, but what becomes of it after that would require the geological genius of a Macadam to indicate even approximately. As that genius in its multi-secretarial capacity may be regarded as collectively scientific, we have presumed to go beyond our philosophical conductor to the proposition of a Macadamised road to the solution of our friend's old world and (in a mining sense) new world problem. If the banks of the Tea Tree and Moorabool were not almost sui generis in a mining and geological sense, the problem might be less difficult of solution. We have heard of certain spots as being the last places created, but this one would seem to be the very "meeting of the waters" of the pre-Adamite chaos before they obeyed the omnipotent flat which sent them into something like decency of demeanor and fixedness of bounds. The "wash" here is something astonishing, after a mere acquaintance with the orderly sequence of the various strata in our ordinary deep sinking experiences in and about Ballarat. What would ordinary Ballarat miners think of sinking through 200 or 300 feet of washdirt? This is what the Golden Rivers Company has done here, and it is but a sample of the frightful antediluvian "ruction" that must have made the heart of old Chaos jolly in ichthyosaurian days or nights, before Australian aborigines were turned to stone at Castlemaine, or the facts of pentateuchian history were evolved to put Bishop Colenso into a Zulu- precipitated theo logical quandary. Beneath and within the lofty and sometimes precipitous banks of the Moorabool and Tea Tree streams, garnished as they are here and there with columnar basalt, basaltic scoria, schist, micacious sandstone or slate, this tremendous wash is everywhere struck. The finest drift sand, the most perfectly non-angular water washed nodules we ever saw of all sorts of rock, and occasional drift wood, make up this mass of alluvium amid which is scattered a greater, or smaller proportion of fine gold. Clay, excepting a superficial deposit of black allu vium, is apparently unknown in this geologically eccentric spot, and so no puddling is required in dealing with the washdirt found here. But we have been so long getting to the place that we must post pone the telling in detail of what we saw of mining operations there. 