THE ARCHIMAGO OF SPIRITUALISM.* MR. HOME'S. name has long been familiar to to those who, for whatever reason, have con- cerned themselves with the repulsive literature of so-called Spiritualism. Repulsive we call it, for the existence of this literature is a very melancholy illustration, of the feebleness and littleness of man. It would be unfair were we not in the outset to vindicate the method, perhaps the best method, by by which such a monstrous absurdity is usually treated. Ridicule is a test of truth, and is the legitimate weapon for dealing with a certain class of alleged fads, and a certain cast of alleged testimony. It would be quite enough, in confuta- tion of Spiritualism, to write down its grotesque absurdities. Merely to enumerate the titles of the articles in the Spiritual Magazine, to trans- cribe the Spiritualists' own account of the spirit photographs and the spirit drawings, and to ex- tract the answers and revelations given by the spirits, is perhaps the best refutation of the absur- dity. Nor is such as case as that of the medium Forster, which was exposed in our columns, though the man is now given up by the Spiritual Magazine, without its value. But this is not the method we shall on this occasion adopt, We feel that there is a principle at issue, in discussing Spiritualism, much more important than the follies of Spiritualism itself. It seems sufficient to Mr. Home and to the literary friend to whom he is indebted for an Introduction to his Autobiography, to say that his " aver- ments '' must be true, because they are sup- ported by, the; testimony " of an immense num- ber of persons who are here indicated! by hame or otherwise ; ''and he adds that " some of these persons are of a character to form a strong guar- antee for the truth of any thing to which they might testify." This statement of the value of evidence from testimony is of the most sweeping kind, and may, therefore, be examined. First, we demur to the terms of tbe statement itself. The alleged facts are not testified by an immense number of persons. The persons are only some of them indicated by names, and what those names are is an im- portant consideration. And those " who are indicated otherwise than by names" are so indicated that their testimony becomes either worthless, or, from the concealed form in which it is offered, adverse to the facts which it proposes to certify, We shall lay aside all con« sideration of the American and foreign testi- mony. It is not in, our power tb examine it. Mr; G-- of Boonton, and Mr. Q-r-rr pf Brook- lyn, and Rufus Elmer, are to us names, et pres tera nihil,- Knowing . the standard of truth by whioh even, great political events are" invented and . manipulated ¡in America, we ..must demur to Transatlantic testimony. It is at the best so doubtful and so incapable ' of verification, and at the same time is so amen, able to the. Berne,tests to whioh the British evi- dence must be subjected, that if we point out the defects in the choraoter of the testimony which lies at our doors, we may be spared .the . trouble of investigating that which is quoted from the other side of the'Atlantic. ; , : -Are the alleged facts in Mr. Homes's Auto- biography certified " by an immense! number of ' personé ?" j Ii "is. convenient , to; Mr. Home,, and .to : the, spiritualists generally, to quote as certifying, witnesses all those who have been presentation; manifestations, ßiit, when closely examined, the. certifying testimony is a very vanishing ¡ quantity. We confine ourselves to the English evidence. In most eases it is of this" sort';-' '. ; ; ; ', At Sandgate, in Kent, where I stayed for some time at o tcanct, we' numbered tbirtoer. The table waa ele- vated at least. two feet; and the accordion WBB . played., The tune was not known to any of us. iWe asked the name, and wore told it .was , the " Song of.the Sea." - A hand and arm In white drapery appeared; it was seen by all at the table ¡ on several occasions during the avon lng, and they bod every opportunity of carefully examin- ing if.. .. '. .. V .. v. ,; , This is a specimen of many manifestations,- as accredited by'Mr. Home himself. Observe, here is np date','here are no names, here.are no attes- tations. , Tho narrative is most confused. We suppose it means ito say ' that tho spirits an- nounced'the name of the tune. The whole testimony resolves itself into Mr. Home's per- sonal assertion, i ; But let us take another case, in which the wit- nesses are at least plural. Ât a seance Bt Cox's Hotel, which has' boen the subject of a good deal of controversy, and which took place duHngMr. Home's first visit to England, Lord Brougham, Sir David Brewster, Mr. Cox, Mr. Coleman, and Mr. Trollope, were present. At those " mani- festations, nothing more than ;¡table riaing seems to have occurred. ' Lord. Brougham has preserved inflexible silence on the subj eat. Sir David Brewster has openly charged fraud on ? In ImU in my Life, By D. D, Horte. London : ! Longman and Co., 1603; the: wtíoIe\affair.^' Mr. Trollope's testimony 'ia only to-his belief of Mr. Hotne/e good faith: - "After.very many, opportunities of witnessing and:, investigating, j the I phenomena cáusod by, or happening., to,..Mr. Home, be ia. wholly convinced that, be what may their origin and cause and nature, they are not pro- duced by any; fraud, machinery, juggling, illu-. sion, or trickery on his part." His tesiimony is clear to his belief that Mr. Home was actio > honestly ; and the facts that he testifies to are, " that a large table was moved about in a most extraordinary manner," and " that he was re- peatedly touohed' on either knee, and on the lower leg." The two facts, viz., that the table waa moved and that Mr. Trollope's leg was touohed, are es insignificant facts as can well be conceived. All that Mr. Trollope te3'ifies is to his assurance of Mr. Home's good faith. Mr. Cox and Mr. Coleman romaine ; and they testify not only to these facts, but to numberless others. Their evidence we reserve. Dr. J.J. G. Wilkinson also testifies, both in this volume and in the Spiritual Magazine, to a vast array of manifestations. But as to what' occurred in England at Mr. Home's first visit to this country, these three names-viz, Mr. Cox, Mr. Coleman, and Dr. ^yilkiason, and these alone-.are produced by .' Mr. Home. At Florence we; admit that Countess 0 is said by . Mr. . Home to have seen some very marvellous things ; but with Countess O , or any other anonymous wit. ness, we have no concern. ' We dismiss Count B-, and Count de K and Abbe O--» Countess L--, Princess de B--, and Miss E-, and all the'other initials and anony- mous witnesses. Testimony like this is simply an insult to the court. From November 1859 to July 24, 1860. Mr. Home was again in England, and "during this time the manifestations'were seen and investi- gated by persons of all ranks and classes, from statesmen down td those in humble life ; and to them again I would rather refer for the accounts of what they witnessed, than to give my own descriptions. I select, therefore, portions ci their writings,'a few pf which have already been published, in. tte Spiritual Magazine and other journals, and the others now appear for the first time." Mr. Home then quotes, not the statesmen, but, out of the countless throng of convinced -witnesses,; only one Mr. Pears, Mr. J, J. Crawford, two anonymous correspondents of the Spiritual.Magazine, Mr. Mason of Liver- pool, a sceptic of twenty-nine years' standing, the writer of a well known paper in the Cornhill Magazine,'and Dr. Gully bf Malvern. After another visit, to the Continent; in No- vember, 1861; Mr. Home returned to England, and his manifestations are , attested by " ah esteemed friend," Mr. Jones, of Basinghall-street, Mr. Hu'chinsoo, -of the Stock Exchange, " a Plain Man," Mr. Cox, and Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. and Mrs. Howitt, " Mrs P-- in the Regent's Park," and .« Mrs. 6-."-And these are all. It comes,-then; to this- that the immense number of persons indicated by name or other wise," who bear personal testimony to the spirit manifestations in England, are in almost every case anonymous, or indicated only by initials; and that the witnesses who really do accredit their testimony by their names are Mr. Cox, Mr. Coleman, Dr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pears, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Mason, Dr. Gully, Mr. Jones, Mr. Hutchinson, and Mr. and Mrs. Howitt-eleven tn all; andoom Such being the cloud - of witnesses, the next inquiry is, as to the facts which they-authenti- cate. We are not disposed to take oven those palpable objections to the testimony produced by Mr. Home which lie at the very threshold of the ; inquiry. We will assume that all the eleven witnesses testify consentaneously to the same facts-which they do not, for some only witness to one event, some to another ; and we will not remark upon the ambiguous and unscientific language in which the alleged facts are described. Rather, we will assume that these eleven people with names-for the testimony of letters of the alphabet is, of course, not to be listened to for an instant-one and all consentaneously, explicitly, and. unambiguously vouch for the facts. What are they ? ' Among other and lesser wonders these are offered for our acceptance, viz., 1, that Mr. Home floats about the room, poised and sus- pended in mid-air ; 2, . that accordéons un- touched by human hands play all sorts of tunes; and 8, that handá and arms unconnected with bodies move about tables, and perform : all the aotions which ordinary ¡limbs perform, handing obi ut flowers, bills, bullets, whistles, bracelets, and the like. This is the substance of the more important facts accredited by tho eleven wit- nesses ; for we lay out of account all the minor prodigies of table-turning, rapping, and spirit writing ; and Mr. Home does not, we believe, vouch for spirit photographs and spirit drawings. Now, it is undeniable that these facts are mira- culous in their nature, that is, if there is such a thing as a miracle. Possibly Mr. Home may deny the possibility of a miracle, but this in quite another sense from another famous Mr. Hume, or Home, who also denied the possibility of miracles. The present Mr. Home may say that all this is in accordance with natural laws, if we only knew the whole extent of nature and nature's laws. It is only a natural power co- ordinate with that, of gravitation, which, in his case, suspends the law of gravitation. That is to say, there is no miracle in the case, because it is equally a law of nature that heavy bodies should, and should not, fall to the ground. But this is of course, mere trifling. For all practical purposes, the events accredited by the testimony of the eleven witnesses are miracles. They are things contrary to all known, and firm, and unaltered experience, and the very nature of the facts, whether we choose to call them miracles or not, is such that the usual criteria of miracles may be applied to thera. We admit with the opponents of Hume—the Scotch Hume, not the present American Home—that it may follow from the very nature of the Author of Nature, that a miracle is not per se incredible; and we may admit, as even Hume himself admitted, " that there may be miracles, or violations of the usual course of nature, of such a kind as to admit of proof from human testimony." We are not bound with the sceptical philosopher of Edin- burgh, to argue " that no testimony for any kind of miracle can ever amount even to a pro- bability, much, less to a proof ;" but we do say that, in any given case of alleged miracle, tho value and character of the testimony must be care- fully weighed. In other words, the whole ques- tion resolves itself into the credibility of the attesting witnesses. And here the inquiry becomes one of great practical importance. Few people in these days of loose thought are capable of seeing what the question at issue in regard to Spiritualism is, or how far it goes. They are told that if they disbelieve in the facts of Spiritualism, they are disciples of a merely material philosophy, and that they ought in consistency to disbelieve in all spiritual things ; that they are Sadducees, not only as regards revelation; but as regards all religion, and that they are sceptics to the extent of disbelief in spirit itself. And they we also told that the objections which are now urged against Spiritualism were urged against Galileo, Copernicus, Harvey, the steam-engine, the electric telegraph, and all sorts of things which were at first incredible only because they con tradicted the registered experience of mankind. The consequence is, that many persons had willingly run the risk of being thought over credulous rather than irreligious. And at the same time, some think it more philosophical to have no opinion on Spiritualism, and hesitate to speak out on its absurdities because they are truly told that man is not acquainted as yet with all the secrets and hidden forces of na- ture. The result is, on the one hand, an undue and blind submission to testimony, or rather to the name and pretence of testimony ; on the other hand, an intellectual vice is made to do duty as a moral virtue, and inquiry and investi- gation, if they result in adverse conviction, are stigmatised as treason to the habit of religious faith, and also to philosophic caution and hesita- tion. Men of science, and still more men who would be thought to be men of science, are promised the revelation of higher and yet un- developed laws of nature ; and a greater discovery than that which adorns the name of Newton is to be the reward of those scientific investigators who will only not say that Mr. Home's floating on the ambient air is a delusion. Men of religion are told that they practically disbelieve the New Testament if they dare to doubt that the spirits of Franklin and Coleridge dictate bad English to an ignorant old woman in Boston, or to an ungrammatical me- dium who lodges up two pair of stairs in Red Lion- street, Holborn. It is only testimony of a certain kind, then, that can give credibility to any alleged facts ; and the requisites of testimony vary in proportion to the nature of the alleged facts. The testimony which is sufficient to guarantee the alleged fact that it rained yesterday at Windsor may be very slight ; but it would require an amount of testimony of the very strongest kind—that is, the uncontra dicted assertion of a vast multitude of persons dwelling on the spot, and of unimpeachable veracity, and who had no interest in propagating a falsehood, and who had every requisite for the right use of their senses—to accredit the fact that the constel- lation Orion was visible at Windsor for a whole hour yesterday at midday. Further, though the nature of the proof from testimony is the same if three, or if three thousand, witnesses depose to it, yet the credibility of the witnesses varies. That is to say, all persons are not equally credible. In the case of the alleged facts of Spiritualism, we are bound to demand testimony which can stand the very severest tests, because the facts alleged are so directly contradictory to the experience of the whole world. It is quite true that for some of them there is precedent. As Mr. Home's introduction writer aptly remarks, the Cock-lane Ghost anticipated all the phenomena of rapping ; and Mr. Howitt can, with a good supply of paste, put together two, as he might have put together two dozen, volumes of ghost stories and old wives tales which have grown up within the last two thou- sand years. But the alleged fact of Mr. Home floating on tho air is quite another matter. We are not aware of any instance of the suspension of the laws of nature and of the human body in space parallel to the prodigy related of Mr. Home, except a similar, and not uninstructive, miracle attributed to the Apollonius of Tyana, and recorded by his biographer Philistratus. Bishop Douglas, in his Criterion, says that false miracles labour under one or other of these defects, viz., when either the accounts of them are not contemporaneous with the alleged events, or are published at a dis- tance from the scene of the events ; or if the accounts have these qualifications, " we still may suspect them to be false, if in the time when, and at the place where, they took their rise, the circumstances were such that they might be suffered to pass without examination." Now what is true of written evidence is in this case true of personal testimony. Allowing that Mr. Home's prodigies do not fail in either of Bishop Douglas's first two conditions, it re mains to show that they fulfil the third. Are Mr. Home's witnesses open to any exception? It is curious to observe that one and all are adepts in the school of thaumaturgy. Mr. Coleman, and Mr. Hutchinson, and Mr, Wilkinson are prejudiced witnesses. Their testimony may be given in entire good faith, but it is not disinterested; and their favourite opinions, their studies, their practice in works of wonder, their familiarity with magic, their constant habit of practising necromancy and soothsaying, are likely to influence them. Anybody half crazed with experiences of jumping , tables and familiarised with ghostly hands pinching his legs under the table, is very likely to fancy that he sees Mr. Home floating about the ceiling. If to-morrow morning a man were to station himself at St. Paul's Churchyard, and stare fixedly at the cross on the Cathedral for five minutes, and then declare that ho sees a large bird sitting thereon, there will be in five minutes more than a dozen people who will say that they see this large bird also..This has been done repeatedly. The fact shows the attractive force of possibly honest, but mistaken, sympathy. And much of the same sort, of thing accounts for the testimony in Mr. Home's case. Of all the eleven wit nesses quoted by Mr. Home, there is not one— except Dr. Gully, about when we know nothing —who is not infected with invincible prejudice. The accounts emanate from those who are inte rested in the case. Adepts alone are present at the mysteries, whether they are at Eleusis or in the Regent's Park. Mr. Home's powers of flota tion are displayed to none but to the initiated. In Mr. Forster's case there was abundance of testi mony to the prodigies he pretended to exhibit; only it was in his case, as it was also in Mr, Home's case, on the part of the spiritualists themselves. Mr. Forster is admitted by every- body—the Spiritual Magazine included—to have been a mere charlatan ; but the evidence in his favour, such as that published in the Times, WM quite as circumstantial and complete as that produced' in behalf pf Mr. Home, and in either case it was the evidence of the spiritu- alists. It was good evidence till it was confronted by disinterested and unpre- judiced evidence. We do not say that in either case the favourable testimony was instigated by a plot to deceive. It is a mere circular argu- ment for Mr. and Mrs. Howitt to appear as wit' nesses for Mr. Home, just as it would be an ab- surdity to cite tho canons of St. Januarius, if that is the title of tho Neapolitan clergy,as witnesses ion behalf of the liquefaction. What is wanted in such a case as that of Mr. Home's alleged i l digies, is the-testimony, of unprejudiced " ii ver3e witnesses. It is of the first impori"ü in testing any prodigy that' the ne ,?1 ty .whom, the witnesses before' whom, andtu circumstances' under which, the extraotdin ! event s occurred, should be beyond au« ¡ . . Mr. Home is, according to his own account'Si from the testimony of bis own book &'JÍ¡: credulous, half-educated, fanatical ' born, bred, and eduoated in wonderful ai * \ who has lived from his earliest year's in a Xi atmosphere and mirage of dreaming, witnesses, few in number and ató entirely unknown, are ranch. I' same oondition. Mystics, Theosophists, Mesmerists, Swedenborgians—fanatics of 0ne sort or other, educated and living in an ex cited and unnatural state of the spiritual facul ties-they, are representatives of a class coeval with the existence of the human mind, in which a certain part of the mental constitution is in a diseased state, and of which " spiritualism in all ages," that is, the Stellings, the Böhmes the Paracelsuses, the Guyons, the Hauffes, the Swedenborgs, are the natural result. And i h to the circumstances under which the phenom ena occurred, we must say that an event is not likely to receive credence when its wit nesses ; are for the most part anonymous writers in magazines when it is done in a chamber with extinguished lights, and under circumstances purposely arranged to disturb the judgment, and only the presence of favourable' witnesses, The alleged facts have not as yet been sufficiently examined and tested. When the spiritualists are able to produce the testimony of elettn men of high reputation and clear Judgment-ujfl eleven Judges, or eleven Q. O.'s, or ; eieren lß| lows of the College of Physicians, or e»anf| eleven Bishops-pronouncing, after a foll up fair investigation, conducted openly and fab;/ daylight, that they have seen Ihr, Home pended in mid-air, "a pan between temi': eleven stone in weight floating ibxE tho room for many minutes," to ase r. Gully's explicit language, wo should hir something else to say. At present-?with 1} due respect to Dr. Gully and to the other lü witnesses, and without charging him, or lt' Home either, with conscious fraud, imposte or triokery of any sort, and also not deuj¿' that such imposture may exist-we nrojlii^ that whatever the testimony hitherto produr is worth, it is palpably insufficient. The 11 dence, such as it is, is deficient in qua'ilje £ quantity; and it comes before us with wt!, cèdent taint. It does not meet the recoptj tests of even a common, still less of an tm tional, fact. We do not charge Mr. HomeiB imposture. This is not our argument. Biff do say that alleged miracles, such as n | of those of Pagan origin, of the med'» val ck | and of the Abbe Paris-to toke a very fm| case- are better authenticated than those oil p Home, or at least are as well aitheniict» though they are now known to be fictiu^í partly arising from delusion, partly from £. scious imposture. The spiritualists seem t.j, aware of the stress of this argument, and i'; answer it by an attempt to show-which anything, is the result of Mr. Howitt's te, that all these transactions are true ; and rM: adoption of the Cock Lane Ghost is a raj able instance of the difficulty rfhich tbf A|' But does not this line of argument -prowtk, too much ? To hint that there bas never te false miracle is at least as monstrous as Hr. < doctrine that any miracle is impossible,-.':: day Review. , ? 