QVEENSCUFF MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.] September 7, 1863. Thb usual fortnightly meeting of the Council was held at Leihy's Hotel on Monday evening. Present—The'Chairman (Mr'Williams), Coun cillors Wright, Leihy. Robertson, and Pagan. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. j A telegram was received from the Town Sur-1 veyor, stating that he was unable to attend. In accordance with the notice of motion given on the 10th of August, the standing order as drawn up by the sub committee appointed— Councillors Williams, Robertson, and Pagan— w# re submitted to the Council, considered, and adopted, on the motion of Councillor Wright, seconded by Councillor Leihy. Councillor Pagnii gave notice of motion— That this Council take into consideration the propriety of urging on the Government that a Pound be established within the municipal district. The Council then adjourned till Monday, September 21st. Richmond River—1The number of vessels en* tcred inwards from 1st January up loolhh Juuc, 18G3, wa* 04; tbc tonnase 45G0, crew 302, pusaengcrs 48, plotage dues L23*2 14s 4d. Th ? number of vessels cleared outwards, was f>3, tonnage 4542, cruw 05T, passengers 24. The number of vessels inwards at the port of Grafton was 44, the tonnage It),817, craw 800—cleared outwards vessels 45, tonnage 10,052, crew 920—pilotage fees received L1UU 2s, Toe SpcCTUE Diuma—*Writing to the Atheu*tunt from Rlaclcheath, Mr Henry Dircks sat a:—"Allow me to state, with reference to the ghost scene now performing nt the Britannia Theatre, that it is my invention which is there used, as adapted by Profes sor Popper for stage effect. My invention of nn ar rangement for producing certain optical delusions is calculated to supersede the inngie lantern and all phanta^magorial and other apparatus hitherto em ployed ; for whereas they only produce a motion* les visionary figure, I associate on the same stage a phan'om with a living actor, both different in cos* ume, A'o, and both acting in concern Thus, the scene may show them as silting at the same tahle: on the same conch, opening the same cabinet, handling the same documents, and, what is more, so seated in the same chair as Jo appear hut one figure, yet seen one to arise out of the other, to go through difierent performances. The phan tom character of one of such actors U shown by im pregnability, passing through walls or furniture, of slow or quick dissolution. Bat effectually to fulfil ih*so conditions would require a small building pur posely designed for such p-rformances, and there fore tuuch credit is due to Professor Pepper in having overcome the many obstacles presented by an ordi nary stage. These optical illusions are of a character calculated to disabuse the public mind in regard to the vulgar ei rors respecting apparitions, a belief in which has deprived many of reason; bnt which, as in this instance, may be realised by art, and, when , occurring naturally, are mostly trsceable to geottilly feuown physical causes/' 