Outr (i lIttu n. For those wli haave nothing else to laugh at. 1 \- 0 Cause and effect : gin and bitters. The head of a good. old man, like a mountain- top, whitens as it gets nearer to heaven. If you visit a young woman, and you are won and she is won, you will both be one. A dead hen is better than 'a live one; she will lay wherever you put her. Many a preacher complains of empty pews when they are really not more empty than the pulpit. How should a lover go into his fair one's house ?-Always with a ring and never without a rap.-Fun. "Anything to please the child," as the nurse said when she let the baby crawl out of the nursery window. Snooks thinks that the maxim, " there is more pleasure in giving. than receiving," applies chiefly to kicks, medicine, and advice. An inquisitive editor says he has seen the contrivance American orators use when they ' warm up with the subject." Ho says it is a glass concern, and holds about a pint. A tavern-kesper at Leigh, Lancashire, is apparently too proud to adopt the customary sign of his calling, and prefers to announce it by the pithy inscription over his doorway-" tIMy Sign's in the Cellar." Dr. Johnson being once in company with some scandal mongers, one of them having accused an absent friend of resort ing to rouge, lie observed, "' It is perhaps, after all, much better for a lady to redden her' own cheeks than to blacken other people's characters." A quack doctor advertises to this effect:--" Consumptives, cough while you can: for aftei you have taken one bottle of my mixture you can't." We rather think we won't take thlit stuff until we find out what he means by the above rather singular extract from his advertise ment.--nAmerican paper. A New Jersey man, noted for his im parturbabiiity and a scolding wife, was stopped in the woods one night by a pretended ghost. He only said : " I can't stop my friend. If you are a man, I must request you to get out of the way and let me pass. If you are the devil, come along and take supper. , I married your s:steC !" May is considered an unfortunate marry. ing month. A girl, on being asked to unite herself in the silken tie, tenderly hinted that May was an unlucky month for , marryi-ng. "Well, make it June, then," i honestly replied tie swain, anxious to necommod:ate...._. TrLh- damsel paused a moment, hesitated, cast down her eyls, and with a modest blush said, " Wouldn't April do as well ?" NOBLE D EFIANCE.-A negro in Boston hid a severe attack of rheumatism. which finally settled in his foot. He bathed it, and rubbed it, and swathed it, but all to no purpose. Finally, tearing away the bandage, he stuck it out, and with a shake of the fist over it he exclaimed, "Ache away, den, old feller, ache away. Ishan't do nuffin more for yer; dis chile ken stan' it as long as. you can; so ache away F' CHEQUERED PArTTRN.-Thoe game of draughts,. as is well known, is called the jeu des dames, and in some parts of this country .the draughtboard is called a 'fdame-board." A ludicrous circumstance is told arising from rho Scottish corruption of the word to "dambrod." Two ladies of that country went to a London shop where tablecloths were sold, the patterns of which, asis known, sometimes resemble the squares of a chess-board. After being shown several patterns, they asked the shopman, " Have you any of a dambrod kind ?" Be was taken a little aback at what he thought a strange question, espe cially by a lady; but, recovering his com posure, replied, !'No, ma'am, we have many of them very broad, but none of quite that breadth." AMERICAN NAMEs.-On Long Island a Mr. Crabb named a child "Through much- tribulirtinn-we-enter-the-kingdom-af heaven Crabb." The child 'vent by the name of "Tribby." Scores of such names could be cited. The practice of giving long and curious names is not yet out of date. In Saybrook, Connecticut, is a family by the name of Beman, whose children are successively named as fol. lows :-1, Jonathan Hubbardl Lubbard Lambard Hunk Dan Dunk Peter Jacobus Lackany. ,Christian . Beman. 2, Prince Frederick Henry Jacob Zacheus Christian Reman. 8, Queen Caroline Sarah Rogers Ruhamah Christi:mn Beman. 4, Charity Freelove Ruth Grace Mercy Truth Faith and Hope and Peace Pursue I'll have no more to. do for that will go clear through Christian Boman. So:,:e of the older Atme rican names were not unmusical. In a Genealogical Register, open before us, we frequently find Dulsena, Eusena, Sabra, and Norman; Czarina also occurs. Rather peculiar at the present day are Puah and Azoa (girls), Albion, Ardelia, Philomelia, Serepta, Persis, Electa, Ty phenia, Lois, Selim, Damarias, Thankful, Sephemia, Zena, Experience, Hilpa, Pen ninnah, Juduthum, Froelove, Luthena, Meriba (this lady marriec Oney Anness, at- Providence, Rhode Island, in 1785), Paris, Francena, Vienna, Florentine, Phe dora, Azuba, Aclhsah, Alma, Araid, As enab, Braman, Cairo, CGndace, China (this was a Miss Ware-China Ware--who married Moses Bullen at Sherburne, Mas sachusetts,,in 1805), Curatin, Deliverance, Diadema, El-ectus, Hopestill, Tzaunn, Lo annis, Loravia; Lovice, Orilla, Orison, Osro, Permelia, Philinda, Roaves, Rozilla, Royal, Saloma, Samantha, Silence, Siley, Alomena,. Eda, Aseneth, Bloomy, Syrell, Genera, Bum-lin, Idella, Hadasseh, Pa trora (Martainly), Allethina, Philura, and Zebina. Some of these names are still extarnt--most have become obsolete. 