GHOSTS IK AUSTRALIA. In die spring of 185—, I was employed in \- driving; a numerous-herd of store cattle from New England down into tie Melbourne country. • The grass was plentiful, -and the cattle travelled along at'their leisure across the wide plains which He between the Lachlan. Murrumbujgee, and Edward rivers. It was nearly sunset on a fine, evening in August when we came to Deniliquia, where the crossing place of the last-named river is situated; and driving the cattle down into an angle of the Edward we camped close to the foot of . the sandiiiil on which the township is built. There were two or three other herds of cattle and some flocks of sheep waiting to cross in tUp morning, and as several of the men in charge of them went up to Billy M'lntyre's jmbllp-honse, and then came down to our camp fire, there was soon a pretty large crowd of bushmea assembled round it. Some of them had brought, bottles of mm from the inn, and as the grog circulated, we began to discuss die various routes by which we had travelled. There was a long argument as to the best track across the Old Man Plain ; but, -as almost-all of us were in favor of that by Lang's crossing place, the point was almost settled when an Australian Stockman named Driscoll started what he seemed to consider an unanswerable objection, bv asking us how we would avoid the Black Swamp and the ghost of the "trotting cob?" This speech was received with a roar of laughter; but Driscoll jumped up in a rage and said, " You may laugh as you like boys; but as sure as I am standing here, I saw it myself, worse luck, and seeing's believing'" Of course, when we heard this, we were all anxious for the story ; and by the aid of a little judicious flattery and a pannekin of grog, we succeded in appeasing Driscoll's passion, and prevailing on liim to tell us his adventure, which he did in the following words:— " You nearly all know Wantabadgery Station above Wagga Wagga. Well, two j-ears ago Bill Kelly and I took three hundred fat beasts from there to fetch into Bendigo. The feed was good and we caine down the river bank till we reached Lang's where we crossed the cattle. It wat late in the afternoon when we got out on the plain ; and the sun was just dipping as we were abreast of the Black Swamp ; so we rounded up the cattle and determined to stop there, for the night. We hobbled our horses close at hand, lit our fire, and had our suppers. Then we agreed that I should take the first watch ; so Kelly rolled himself up in his possum rug, and I went down to have a look at the cuttle and horses. I found thein all right; so I went back to the fire heaped on fresh fuel, and then stretched myself down to have a comfortable smoke. 1 was pretty tired with riding all day and the fire was hot, so in a short time"! dozed off. I . must have slept three or four hours, for the cold awoke me, as the fire was very low ; so I got up and put on more wood, and then I thought I'd just go round the cattle before 1 waked Kelly to take his watch, So I caught and saddled 103' mare, and rode away to the cattle camp. The moon was at its full, and shining brightly, and the beasts had drawn out on the plain to feed; so, of course I started to head thein back. I was cantering along when all of a sudden the leading cattle came galloping back, and as they wheeled a man passed close to me, riding a bald- faced cob, and coming from the opposite direction. Kow Kelly's horse was bald- faced, so I thought that he had waked up and come out to look after me, so I roae on towards the camp. When I -got there, to my great surprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled tip in his rug and apparently fast asleep. This naturally vexed me, so 1 shook.him roughly, and when lie sat up, says I to him: ' Kelly, what do you mean bygoingandlying down again when you know its your watch V " 'Lying down again,' replied he: 'Why, I never woke at all till now.' " ' What,' cried I, ' do you want to deny tliat you passed roe just now out on tlie plain heading back die cattle ? I did not see your face, but I saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough.'. " At tliat, Kelly, jumped up as if he was shot. ' Saddle Tip for your life, Driscoll,' said lie, 'and let. us. ,be off.. You've seen the ghost of the trottihg cob; and we're both dead pien.' . Well, we jumped on our horses, and by daybreak we had got- as far as Brodribb's : Station'^ and next night we camped just where we now are; but.that very trip, Kelly was drowned in the Gampaspe, and 1 broke two ribs and my collar bone. So I for one would sooner go-a hundred iniles round' than camp again. near the Black Swamp, and chance : seeing the ghost of the trotting cob." "When Driscoll had finished, the conversation naturally turned on apparitions, and "Fisher's . Ghost was triumphantly noted as an unanswerable argument in their favor; but there were still several who laughed at the idea of such things. At last a bullock driver from die Sydney side said: .".There-are ghosts, there's -sodenying; and I'll tell you of one that hundreds beard about, and many, of: you know die man who saw it, and you can ask liiimdf about it. Many of you have been up the Murray towarcls Alburyy and have passed Brown's ^station jufst above Quat Quatta. Well, ^vhen l wos aGoverntnent.man, I was doingmy time near Camden, and in those days Brown 4iad a farm at the Cowpastnres, close-to where I was living. Heliad just settlfid down fln the "Murray with a few Uun- \- drediiead pf .cattle, and stopped there five or eii aionflis, putting iip liuts and yards,: and • tireakinglm catjlelB the run; so, when he .thought everything was going on well, Le started for tlowiijcpuntry, intending to bring «p more ^tock ?n a ,6hort time. He travelled • on Jipreeback,"fbr->tbere were no.mail coaches to Sthei^Iumiy /then, and, as. he pushed on pretty sharp, fieawas very tired when he got to the Afyrile sC&feek.; He told Thomson, the s landlord, $0-cplL him early in the-jnoming, -took^-jhjs jsujiper and 4wo.or thr£e passes of .;ranC0ind tbon-jrent to bed. Towards mornliing -fawtSke bimj' and -when lie* «y« |ie%aw liis wife standing by ^^lefore^S could speak to' her a'sgetiip,' andwent out oftlie ~ sur- " ®ieiijiafl cgmetoaneet ... jfi'qs^^mMt'WtenjN^ j ' laod- to sav that she aid not come here since 1 went to bed V " ' Of course she didn't,' replied the landlord, ' for I locked the door when I went to bed, and the key is under my pillow." " With that Brown grew frightened. " ' Saddle my horse at once,' said he, 1 for so sure as I'm a living man, my wife came and spoke to me to-night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at home.' " With that he mounted, and galloped off. He "rode till he knocked up his horse, and then he borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that, before sunset, he came close to the Cowpasture Farm. As he galloped up, he could see there was something unusual going on, for several horses were fastened to the posts of the verandah, the working men were standing in groups at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers were lounging about near die stockyard. Brown jumped off his horse, and was going at once into the house, but one of his neighbors came out, and met him at the door. This gentleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could what had taken place. " Kow, boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants, but his wife was a tyrant, and while he was at the Murray, she had been stopping the rations of the Government men, and sending them up to Court. There was one man in particular she took a great disliko to; he could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning he got his fifty lashes at the nearest Court-house. At last he *got desperate. He was chopping some wood, when she came up to him, and after abusing him, said, " I'll get you fifty more on Monday next.' ' I may get the fifty,' cried he, * but you'll not live to know it;' and u-ith that he lifted the axe in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cowpastures at the very hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle Creek so yon can see, boys, there can be no doubt that ghosts do sometimes appear upon the earth." " ' Of course, there's no doubt at all about that,' said an old shepherd, who had just come up to the camp, ' for I was close to one myself, and my mate saw it quite plainly, and it was a quare thing ? I'll tell yez all about it. You that are from the Sydney side must recollect the time when the fires were seen every night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all the people went out to see them, and the priest tried to lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bi-thurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, I had been shepherding at Wargoola, near Carcoar, and when die shearing was over, I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Bathurst to buy some things, and have a spree. Well, of course, in a few days, I'd very near spent my checque, and as I was just thinking of making a start I fell in with Red Jack. He was an old mate of mine, and he'd been down in town for some weeks, so you may be sure he had ' pockets to let.' He was looking for a job; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employment, as they wanted some hands on the statiou. Jack said he was glad of the chance; so he rolled up his blankets. I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Badiurst. We had been nobblerising about the publichouses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started; so we walked along very gaily, and never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good camping-place as we walked on; and just as it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another and another. 'Come on,' said Jack; we're all right; there's some overlanders there with cattle, and we'll go down to their camp.' " With that we turned in off the road, and went towards the nearest' fire; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We cooed, but there was no answer; so we pushed for the next, thinking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it, there was no one there either; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I beard tbem speaking of in Bathurst; so I told Jack of it, and told- him we'd better get away at once; but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, we lit our pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece. ont: of one of the bottles, and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he . asked me if I was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off we went towards the next fire; and when we came near it, we could see some, one moving about and piling oti wood. 'There's your ghost for you,'says Jack. ' Hollo, mate, will you have a glass.' • But die figure kept on at the : fire, :and made no answer. By this time we had got quite close to the fire, and as it blazed up, we saw quite plainly die figure of a man, but lie had no head on his shoulders—nothing, but the blood-stained stump of a neck, and yet he .was going about quite contented, feeding the. fire. I thought I d -have dropped, but Jack said ' Came on, we'll grab Jriin, ghost or no ghost.' Then he pnt-the bottle to his moutii, and took a long drink , I took another, and then Jack ran round the fire one "way, and I ran another, . As we got on to the other side we could see the headless shepherd standing between us. • ' I have "you now,' cried Jack, and tried to lay bold of him. I did the same lint lie slipped tbrouglioiir fingers, and we caught only one another, and down we fell; and when we came to ourselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood ashes at the different fires.. ; .Jack .and I went to Wargoola, but what became-of the ghost I don't know, as I • went down to the Darling soon after." ,. This story started the dispute . about spirits afresh, for. there were some "new chumsj" present who had never read the Bathuret papers of die period, and tliev-said that rum was the only spirit that Red Jack and his mate-Lad-seen on • King's Plains. However, the " old hands," would not listen to this, and die dispute began -to grow ftiriotfs. At last Jim Byan, fmJrisb native, roaied out in a rage " It's my belief ye're no better than. 4hajtbens,<and the next thing you'll do will be toideDy: tlie •*• Cooee Hut."" This was eyiden>iy considered a conclusive argument % all the old.busbmen, and their opponents'were compelled to confess their ignorance of the Cooee Hut, and ask for an account of it.. =For:*> '6hort 'time Jim Ryan refused : to satisfy lihem, but at last lie allowed himself to be iieisunded. •••: •• .:,' 'f.The liat we/mll the Cooee or Mendering iliut, is vut on the Yareko Creelc, at the {Joree Run; and the. way it got tliat name was iLis. At the time when the Yareko aud the Billabong were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. He was an emigrant, and had not been long in die colony, and lie used to be kept about the home station, chopping wood aud carting water, and helping up at the draughting-yards occasionally. Well, it happened diat one of the shepherds bad a row with the overseer, and got discharged at once, so as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. The but is twenty-five miles back from Goree, so the overseer went out himself with Bill and the sheep, and then stopped a day with him to show him the run. Bill had no hutkeeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days; but one very liot day he must have fallen asleep in the middle of die day, when the sheep were in die camp, and did not wake till they were drawn out. He was, as I told you, a new chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so be wandered vaguely up and down looking for the flock, till he lost himself completely. Dusk was coming on, so he began cooeing until he was fairly worn out, and then lay down to sleep. Next morning he started again, but he had got confused; you know the Yareko country is very puzzling, for the sandhills and plains are so much alike, that its very hard to tell one from another. Poor Bill tried to travel by the sun, but as he kept following it, he went round and round, and nt dusk was near the place Le started from. He had no food, and could not find the creek, so lie was dying of thirst, for it was burning hot weather. He cooed again and again till he fell exhausted, and there he lay till morning. . In the morning he arose and crawled a few yards, when down he sank, and there he perished. Meanwhile 'the sheep had gone to another outstation, ten miles further "back, where they had been running formerly, and as the feed was good, they stopped there very contentedly for seven or eight days, when the overseer happened to see them, and of course he took them into the home station, and went out to tell Bill White to come in himself. When he got to the hut he found the ashes cold on the hearth, and he could see that White had not been in for some days, so in a great fright he galloped back to the homestation, and mustered all hands to go and look for Bill. He had two black trackers also; and as I happened to be passing, I went out. Well, it was near dusk when we got to the but, and of course we could do nothing that night, so we hobbled the horses and went into the hut. We were just getting our suppers when we heard a faint cooee and another and another. Of course we answered at once, for we were in hopes that it was Bill White coming up. But the sound came no nearer though ihe cooee was repeated every four or five minutes. We then thought that perhaps he had been hurt and could not walk, so several of us went out to look for him, but we could see nothing of him though the cooeeing still continued, and apparent!}* quite close to us. In about an hour it ceased suddenly, and we all weut back to the hut greatly puzzled, and very uneasy. In the morning at daylight we Etarted, and the blacks very soon found poor Bill's tracks, it was b\ r them that I was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they traced all his wanderings, pointed out where he sat, and where he slept, and at last brought us to where he lay, and strange to relate, he died within a mile from his home, but it was on a different side to that on which he had been accustomed to take out the sheep. We buried him in an adjacent sandhill, where you may see his grave fenced in; but since that time no one will live in that hut, for eveiy evening from dusk till dark poor Bill White is heard cooeeing; and plenty who have never heard die story, and have chanced to camp in the neighborhood have heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, little thinking that it was the spirit of Bill White wandering about the Cooee Hut." When the tale was eiided, midnight had passed some time, and as we all had to be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward River, there was a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and went off to their respective camps, while I rolling myself up in my opossum rug, went off to dreamland, into a slumber such as those who live at home at ease can never'hope to enjoy/ 