WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1863. In the Legislativo Council, yesterday, In answer to Mr. Robertson, Mr. Mitchell stated that two "conditional J pardon " men and one " freedom " man had arrived by tho Noitham from Albany, but had not been allowed to land. They were taken on to Sydney, where they would be prosecuted as stowaways. In answer to Mr. Hull, Mr. Mitchell said no further communica- tion lind been recoivr-d from Mr. Childers on the Bitbjeot of an iron-clad vessel for the de- fence of tho port. Mr. Mitchell moved the second reading of | tho Mercantile Law Amendment Bill. Tho Council then adjourned till next Tues- day. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, A report from tho engincer-in-chief on tho deviation of the Echuca Railway, near Huntly, was rend and laid on the tablo, Mr. Johnson gave notice of motion for £5,000, to repair the roads and bridges da- maged by the late floods in Gipps Land. Mr. DuFFr read aud laid on tho table a schedule of names of selectors of land at Inglowood, furnished by tho land officer of | the district, moved for by Mr. Girdlestone., Mr. Girdlestone: stated that tho motion J refeired to "all" tho correspondence, but it | was npparcnt that the whole of the documents were not produced. One of the letters stated that there wore forty-nine selectors and 128 ¡ allotments, but the schedule laid on tho table referred only to six selectors The department | of Lands seemed to be an Augean stable, into which it Avas difficult to put a broom, no behoved that the documents which Mr. Duffy had said ho had laid on the table long ago had been taken away again by the hour I member'. Mr. Dufft.-No. Mr. Girdlestone was glad to hear (hat j "No," but ho had been unable to find the | papers, and the Clerk of the House had in- formed him that they were not in his pos-1 session. The hon. member was proceeding to re- iterate the charges already replied to hy Mr. Duffy, with reference to land selected on the Loddon, bat was reminded by tho Speaker that he was restricted toa reply to the speech of Mr. Duffy. The lion, member's lemarks were considerably interrupted by a question of " order," arising out of a remark he inter- jected in reply to Mr. Duffy to the offect I that he " had the hon. member's word " that | the whole of the correspondence had been laid upon the table. The Speaker charac- terised the remark as offensive and unpar-1 liamentary, and the bon. member reluctantly ] withdrew it. Tho Speaker stated that the document I "referred to by Mr. Girdlestone was in posses-1 sion of the clerk. Mr. DuKFr leiteratcd that he bad laid the | document on the table soon after the session commenced, and it appeared in Hansard I that ho had done so. In future, ho would ! not furnish returns such as those he had that evening laid on the table, excepting on the direct vote of the House, for sufficient | reasons stated. The House then went into committee on the Electoral Act, taking up the 68th, or no- mination, clause. At the suggestion of Mr. Giant, Mr. Ireland agreed that the deposit re- quired for a candidate should be £100 for a member of the. Council, and £00 for a member | of the Assembly. Mr. M'Lellan opposed the clause altoge- ther, as an infraction of the rights of hard- working men. After a long discussion the clause, as amended, was agreed to. The lcmaining j clauses of the bill wero then ngiced to ; those relating to the representation of | minorities, the comparison of signatures, and the appropriation of tho election funds, being postponed by agreement. The report of the select committeo on the I Molbourno and Geelong Corpoiations Act | Amendment Rill was agreed to. In committee Mr. M'Culloch's resolution in favour of a small graut m connexion with the Pleuro-pneumonia Act was agreed to. The remaining business was postponed, and the House adjourned. Tüo history of the progress of the Electoral Bill through the Assembly affords a curious instance of the gort of spirit in which the Liberal party has accepted the constitutional duties of an Opposition. In the early stages of the measure, there appeared to reign the most delightful harmony be- tween the two sides of the House. Its introduction waa hailed with something almost like unanimity among the mem- bers. Even Mr. Heales permitted him- self to extend a moderate degree of favour towards the Government bill. The first and second readings passed with scarcely a murmur of disapproba- tion j and it seemed as if, for once, the two parties had agreed upon a political reform of the first importance. Gradu- ally, however, the Liberal members seem to be awakening to a suspicion that they have a greater personal interest in the bill than they had supposed. The Oppo- sition, which was languid and feeble in the last degree in committee, is slowly acquiring intensity of spirit, if not more power of argument. The bill is now ^-denounced, in the favourite fihrase of the party, as " a conspiracy " , to rob Jhe people of their franchise, and as an insidious .attempt to sap the foundations of manhood suffrage, if not to deprive us altogether of that inestimable privilege. It would be useless to speculate upon the causes which have led to this sud- den suspicion of Mr. Ireland's mea- sure, but we shall not bo far wrong in attributing it to the influence of the mining members over the more Con- servative members of the Opposition. The delegates of Ararat and of Cres- wick are naturally tho loudest in the denunciation of a bill which will pro- bably affect those two intelligent constitu- encies more than any others. Represent- ing, as they do, in their own persons, the gieatest abuso of our present electoral system, it is impossible that Messrs. Eraser and M'Ltellan should view with complacency any attempt to amend the franchise in their direction. Believing that they are returned, ac- cording to Mr. Ramsay's own admis- sion, by that section of the community which cannot read or write, they are bound to oppose every sort of reading and writing which, the bill may require. Any curtailment of the voting power of Mr. Ramsay's sixty thousand uneducated paupers would naturally lead to a falling off in tho supply of the Frazers, M'Lellans, and Ramsays. The Oppo- sition, for its own sake, is bound to Retain these followers, who form, indeed, the bulk and strength of the Liberal party ; «and thus it is that the antagonism to tile Electoral Bill gathers force as the measure advances. We cannot believe that this antago- nism is of such a nature as to lead to the defeat of tliis, the most useful measure, perhaps, ever introduced into our Parlia- ment under the Constitution. We are glad to think that the safety of the bill is assured, not only in tho large majorities in Parliament, but in the cordial approval of all the respectable por- tion of this community. The Govern ment cannot now submit to any further mutilation of tho bill. Its leading prin- ciples have been several times approved by most decisive majorities, and tho clauses which now remain to be consi- dered arc only of very trivial importance. Tlie Opposition has no power to throw out the bill, or materially to alter it. It can only obstruct its progress, and that it is apparently bent on doing, by all tlioso animnl means of winch Mr. M'Lellan is so great a master. It is not a subject for reasoning, and if it were, we might look in vain for reason from the Liberal side of the House. With the exception of the honourable member for Brighton, who in his omi person supplies the whole legitimate and reasonable Opposition in the country, there is no one who lina opposed this bill upon any ground of rational argu- ment. The fervid oratory of Mr. Graham Berry and the stilted ra- dicalism of Mr. Grant, are but the feeble echoes of a school wliich sur- vives only in the Australian colonies -the school of wliich the " rights of ".man" is tho shibboleth. That one man iis as good as another is simply all ...ai tau ijioerat party has to arty m op- position to a bill, the essential feature of wliich is, that it is a bill of expedients and I not of principles. The very dreary sans-culottism of Dr. Girdlestone, is but the ghost of the vulgarcst Chartism -an unpleasant reminiscence of the dismallest aspect of a dismal theory. The task which the Opposition has set beforo it, of obstructing the progress of the bill,, (by speaking against time, and by resorting to every little device wliich the forms of the House will allow, cannot be too strongly repro- bated. The sphit which has dictated such a strategy is at utter variance with the genius of the Parliamentary system, and proves how grossly ignorant are our Liberals of tho first principles of all representative government. Such a spirit, if carried out on both sides of the House, would render not only all legisla- tion, but all government, impossible in this colony. What is it that the Oppo- sition hopes or expects to gain by these tactics? If the question is reduced to one of animal endurance, it is probable that one side will be found equal to the other. Such a contest can only be car- ried on to the. stoppage of all public business, and the virtual abnegation by the Assembly of its legislative functions. If a question of this sort is not to be settled by the voice of the majority, we would ask how it can ever reach a solu- tion, according to the principles of the Liberals themselves ? What more sacred principio of Liberalism is there than that the minority should yield to the majority? What better test can we have of the voice of public opinion than by the votes of the majority of the re- presentatives assembled in Parliament? It does not matter for the purposes of our argument of what this majority is comprised, and how it was obtained. It is probable that the Opposition has many reasons to be dissatisfied with the fact that it is in a minority, and that it has numerous theories to account for so un- pleasant a state of things. There never was a minority yet which could satisfy itself on these points. Yet there-.must bo some method by which political ques- tions in the House are to be determined, and wc would put it to the most rabid of the Radical leaders to suggest how we are to arrive at a decision in any case, except by the voice of the existing ma- jority. The minority which will not accept a conclusion arrived at in the or- dinary Parliamentary mode, proves clearly that it is but a faction banded together for some sinister purpose, and not an Opposition in any constitutional sense of the word. It was with some surprise that we found the leading journal of Tasmania, the Hobart Toivn Mercury, a few days ago, not only refusing to join in the protest against a revival of transporta- tion from England which the Austialasian colonies are sending home, but pledging itself to a statement that if the people of Tasmania were polled, three-fomths of them would be found voting in favour of the system. In putting forth views so opposed to those ' entertained everywhere else-it is scarcely necessary to except the small and peculiarly situated settlement in Western Australia -our contemporary was content to base his support of tlie convict system on such small pecuniaiy advantages as it is capable of affording to a poor settle- ment in want-of public works and the expenditure inseparable from a large penal establishment, and to pass lightly over all those more serious results affect- ing public morals, the security of life, and the value of property, that have attended the transportation system in all the colonies to which it lias extended, not ex- cepting Tasmania* herself. That there should be, in the beautiful island on the other side of the straits, a considerable number of settlers having no strong feelings of opposition to the importation of some of the most degraded classes England is capable of sending out, is no more than might have been expected. It is one of the evils inherent in the system that it taints for centuries afterwards tho land to which it reaches. Bad blood is as trans- missible as the best and most patrician. If to the Conqueror, and the lords of high degree who followed the dread Norman, England owes much of the chivalry for which she has since been famous, is it too much to suppose that the family of SYKES, long since expa- triated for their country's good to Tas- manian shores, may have left traces of their peculiar blood and feeling widely spread over the land, to add its voice to those of the still-living representatives of the class to whom the ports of the mother country are for ever closed ? That this element of the population would prove to be a numerous one, and would see with no dissatisfaction the introduction of a race whose free labour would advantage the existing generation, however grievous might be the burden it would entail on the colony in after times, waa no more, we say, than might have been anticipated ; but that their views and feelings should be shared by three-fourths of the population was an assertion for which few were pre- pared. We have some gratification in finding, by the later files of the Tasmanian jour- nals, that the views of the Jfercury have received little or no sympathy in any portion of the island. So strongly, indeed, has public feeling on the ques- tion been expressed, in opposition to the representations 'and statements of our contemporary, that it has withdrawn from'the position it took up in the first instance, and, if not converted to botter views, has at least ceased to express itself in opposition to the otherwise unanimous voice of all the Australasian colonies on this subject. There cannot, in fact, be two opinions on the matter. Whatever may bo the advantages a small, isolated, and by no means attrac- tive colony, such as that founded on the Swan River, may derive from the labours of convicts on public roads, buildings, and harbour works, and what ever benefits tho older colonies of the group may have derived from the pre- sence of a class of "bond" servants, it is by no means desirable in the advanced stage* to which these colonies havo at- tained, that our hewers of wood and drawers of water should have a brand upon them. None of the colonies can put forward the claim of poverty for the assistance of that class. We want moro labour, and cheaper labour, but we arc well able to pay for the ser- vices we require. We want more hands to cultivate our lands, and more mouths to consume" the food we raise. But we have not outlived the traditionary faith of the mother country in tho strength and pride which' a virtuous peasantry is to a nation. Wo have no desire to seo the social superstructures the Aus- tralian colonies are building up based upon a population degraded by the re-introduction now of a system whicli wo were only too glad to get rid' of not many years ago. Black sheep come often enough without the flock being wilfully tainted, or injured by the neglect of the shepherd. We have not succeeded so excellently in the treatment of our own race of criminals—we have not been so fortunate with the remnant of that deported from* England when Botany Bay were words as familiar as transportation in the mouths of English judges, that we should wish for a new in- fliction of the same kind. There are sufficient temptations in these colonies. The thin and scattered population of tho gold-fields, as well as the pastoral districts, give opportunities enough for the perpetration of crime, without the fresh danger to wliich the in- troduction of the exiled burglars and garotters of the mother country would expose people and property. As matters stand, it was only by the employment of an admirably organised semi-military police force that the peace of the colony was preserved against the attempts of transportees who made their way hither from the neighbouring settlements when the gold-fields were discovered. It is still necessary to maintain that admi- rable force ; and while new gold-fields continue to be discovered in districts to which railways aro not likely to be extended for many years to come, that force must still be kept up. 'The condition of things in New South Wales at this moment, where an inferior police exists, is a proof at once of the necessity of the force we maintain, and the influence of the convict class on the morals of a country. But for the transportation system we should not have seen an entire district of the neighbouring colony in the hands of bush- rangers, and lorded over by a highway- man who has friends in every hut. We should not have seen the police helpless-themselves the objects of chase and capture by mid-day robbers-and a leader of banditti threatening a Go- vernment to hang an inspector made prisoner in an open fight, should the last sentence of the law be carried out on convicted robbers and murderers. What would Tasmania herself gain from a re- vival of the transportation system? Some small savings in road-making and free shepherd labour,and some little profit from the supply of the depots with food, would be dearly purchased. What has done more to prejudice the island- the love- liest of the southern hemisphere—in the estimation of free emigrants, and of capitalists, than the reputation it has not been able to free itself from as a land marred by the curse of- a convict population? What has necessitated the peculiar severity of her penal laws but the difficulty she found in past times in dealing with that class ? Why is it that the land laws of the colony, framed as they are to encourage settlement, are so seldom taken ad- vantage of ? There is but one answer to" all those questions. There is but one way in which that colony can obtain, in time, a better name. The island has suffered from the convict system, and it is only by resistance to its re-introduction, and the legitimate development of its resources by the assistance of free immi- gration, that Tasmania can hope for pros- perity, , It would havo weakened the cause of the colonies if an influential member of the group had stood apart and invited that which all the others are prepared unanimously to reject. It is with some pleasure, therefore, that we observe the expression of opinion to which the colony has given utterance, in opposi- tion to the hastily-formed and easily abandoned views of the Mercury. No stronger testimony could be given of the unanimity of the people, of these colonies in condemning the revival of transportation, and we trust their united protest will have due weight in the mother country. Great progress was made with tho Electoral Act last night in tho Legislative Assembly, after various divisions, and a struggle that threatened at one time to become a trial of the physical endurance of members. Tho committee commenced upon tho 68th clause, and tho whole of the clauses were ultimately agreed to, with tho exception of those relating to thö representation of minorities, the com- parison of signatures, and the disposal of the funds in the hands of election clerks. Two of the schedules were postponed,, and tho re- mainder were agreed to. The bill will again occupy the House in committee this evening. Ono of the membors who represent Ararat in the Legislative Assombly-Mr. Girdlestone -occasioned - a considerable interruption to the business of tho House last night on a point of order. Tho lion, membor has been considerably disturbed by the supposed eva- sions of the Land Act in the Inglewood dis- trict ¡ and having failed to find evidence of the crimes charged to the Minister of Lands in tho documents before tho House, and having too readily yielded to a hint thrown out beyond tho walk of the house, that Mr. Duffy had withdrawn certain papers after de- positing them on tho table, ho> has moro than ' once moved for papers on the sub- ject. In the course of the discussion on a motion of that kind, ho betrayed consi- derable acerbity of manner as well as reck- lessness of statement. In the course of his remarks, Mr. Girdlestone having ventured the assertion that a certain return was garbled, Mr. Duffy interjected the remark, " You have got the whole of tho papers," when the hon. membor for Ararat retorted "I have your word for that." The manner in which the observation was mado appeared to convey to the Ministerial side of tho House an impression that tho hon. member intended it to moan that ho did not believo the Pre- sident of the Board of Land and Woiks. Such was the impression left on Mr. Duffy's mind, and ho at once challenged the observation, re- quiring that it should be withdrawn, or that the-charges U^"^aouK be b^uï^ and lhV5ît:;:î._, "?_ 25 claimed the pfoleF" tlon of the chair, The Speaker made repeated efforts, stating the coso in the clearest manner to bring Mr. Girdlestone to Bee th it if he did: not mean that the statement should tear' the offensive meaning that had been attached to it, nothing was easier than for him tessy so. The bon. member fenced with his expia nation moBt persistently, encouraged by Mr* M'Lellan, Mr. Brooke, and others, but at last felt himself unable to resist the light in which the matter was put to him by the Speaker and gave way. ' The last goncral monthly meeting of the St. Patrick's Society, previous to the ira pending celebration of the anniversary of the birthday of Irelands patron saint, was held yesterday evening, in the society's hall Bourke-street west. There was a full attend ance of members, and the, president, Mr Martin Hood, occupied the chair. ' Tha minutes of the previous monthly meeting, and of tho committee meetings, were read and confirmed. Four new members wera proposed for admission, and Messrs. Hanify Quinlan, Nagle, O'Connor, and Gorman wera elected honorary members of the society, Mr. Quinlan acknowledged tho honour which had been conferred on him, and made some observations on the causes which had induced him to refrain from being sooner connected with the society. The president, after con. gratulatiug the society on the accession of the members just admitted, stated that, ia accordance with a determination arrived at some months ago, that the society should evince its recognition of thovuluable services rendered by its late president, Mr. Edmund Finn, a silver cup, with a suitablo inscription had been obtained, and pioceediugb were ia' train for the presentation of the testimonial at the forthcoming anniversary. The appoint- ment of visitors to the sick members in the various districts was proceeded with, and the meeting adjourned. In last night's Gazette, ono hundred pounda reward is offered by Government for such in- formation as shall lead to the conviction of the incendiary who caused the ure which, on January 21, destroyed a houso in Ivy-street, Prahran. A special general meeting of the Metro- politan Volunteer Sword and Fencing Club will be held, at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, Elizaheth-Btrcct, this evening, at half-past Boven. The new building for the Church of Eng. Innd, Kew, to be called Trinity Church, will be opened on Thursday next, when sermona will be prencbed by the Rev. J. H. Gregory and Rev. H. H. P. Ilandfield. Morning ser- vice will commence at eleven a.m. and after- noon at four. There will also be a te» meeting in the evening, at seven o'clock. The Queensland papers report several cases of death from sunstroke during the third week of February. The East Collingwood Licensing Bench sat at noon yesterday, the Hon. J. P. Fawkner presiding. Only three transfers were applied for. Frederick Hardy obtained a transfer of the licence of tlie Yorkshire Stingo Hotel, Hoddle- strcet ; Chas. Benjamin Hutton ob tained a transfer of the licence of Vincent's Hotel, in Smith-street ; and the application of Frederick Woodin for a transfer of the licenco of "the Grace Darling Hotel, in Smith-street, was adjourned for a week, The Court was then adjourned till Friday. At the ordinary sitting of tho police-court there were no cases of importance heard. We havo our flies from Sydney to February 28, and from Brisbane to February 24. Mr. Robertson, ,in the Legislativo Council yesterday, asked if it had come to the know- ledge of tho Government that escaped con- victs from Western Australia had been bl ought to this colony by the mail steamer Northam ? Mr. Mitchell replied that three men who had b'een convicts at Swan River arrived in Hobson's Bay by the Northam. Two were called " conditional-pardon men ;" the third was a "freedom man." The men were all stow awayB. On their arrival here tbey were not allowed to land, but were taken charge of by the water police until the Northam was ready to proceed on her passage to Sydney, whither they were subsequently conveyed, to be prosecuted ru stow-nwnyB. The result of this prosecution was not yet known. A deputation from tho Philharmonic Society, consisting of Mr. C. E. Horsley, con- ductor, Messrs. F. G. Moule and F. Stanley Dobson, members of committee, and Mr. W. G, Dredge, honorary secretary, waited yester- day upon his Honour Sir Hedmond Barry, the president of the society, to acquaint him with the society's procecdiugs duiing his absence. Tho financial condition and the great musical progress of the society wero fully made known. In reply, his Honour expressed his satisfaction with what had been done, .liis conviction of tho propriety of the now course adopted of making the admis- sions to the society's concerts strictly by sub BcriptiorCboth in a financial and a progressive view, and further added his hearty good wishes for the prosperity of the society, and his intention of doing all in his power to pro moto its interests. Information was received in town 3 ester day of two highway, robberies under arms, committed on last Saturday evening. One of these was committed at Green Gully, be- tween Smeaton and Newstead, uponlWilliam Anderson, living at Kangaroo Hill, Kooky Lead, Ballarat. Anderson was returning from Maldon, and camped at Green Gully about half-post eight p.m., and when getting wood to make a fire three men carno behind him, and, presenting revolvers at him, or- dered him to deliver his money or thoy would shoot him. They then took his money, tied his hands behind his back, and having strapped him np to his own waggon and fed his horses, left, telling him that they would send a man to loose him in about an four. A second robbery under arms was committed at half- past ten o'clock on Saturday at Glendaruel, Coghill's Creek, the person lobbed being Alfred Cocking, a storekeeper at that place. Five men, with tbolr features completely covered with calico masks, with cyclec-holes, and three of them armed with revolvers, entered and demanded money, tied up Cocking'a wife, and searched the place, decamping with £15 in money, ono pair moleskin trousers, and two red and black Crimean ßhirte. Tho two robberies, it is sup- posed, were committed by the same gang. Yesterday, during the Tegular business of the City Police Court, the Mayor sat alono until joined by Mr. Hackett, on the rising of the District Court.' But there had been a licensing session appointed for noon, and several magistrates who aro seldom or never seen on the bonch had attended solely for the licensing business. To meet the convenience of these gentlemen, the hearing of a charge of incendiarism was stopped in the middle of tho evidence, and the Hceusing business was ' transacted. The latter being concluded, the licensing" magistrates took their departure, and the incendiary charge was proceeded with. The city coroner held an inquest yesterday at Emerald-hill, on the body of Thomas John Hubbard, a child aged two years and five months, who died there on the previous day from the effects of being scalded with hot water. The mother of deceased deposed that on Saturday lost deceased was with his brother George in the kitchen, and witness heard deceased screaming. Went there, and found him scalded over the foot and leg, as well as the arm and hands. Dressed the scald with flour and oil, but did not then call in any doctor, as the scald did not ap- pear severe. The child went on very well until Monday morning at half-past seven o'clock, when he had a fit of convulsions. Sent then for Mr. Haig, surgeon, who came and attended him, but the child died in about four hours after being taken in the fit, from which he never recovered. George Hubbard, aged ten years, said he was alone in the kitchen with his little brother, who was play- ing about. Presently deceased's foot slipped, and he fell, when his clothes caught a sauce- pan filled with boiling water, that was stand- ing upon the hearth. The saucepan was upset, and the water scalded the child. Wit- ness did not touch him ; he fell quite acci- dentally. Mr. Haig, surgeon, stated that he was called in on Monday morning, between nine and ten o'clock. Found the child in convulsions, and dying, no died in about three hours. Found that he had been scalded over the leg, foot, arm, and hands. The cause of death was convulsions, from the scald de- scribed. Verdict— " Died from the effects of a scald, accidentally received." Wo have received a very agreeablo set of quadrilles, called Le Bouquet de Victoria, " com- posed for and most respectfully dedicated to the ladies of Victoria," by W. Haydn Flood, and published by the author, 108 Albert street, East Melbourne. They cannot fail to become favourites in the drawing-room. The ladies who havo undertaken the management of six of tho Ragged Schools intend to give a treat and provide amuse- ments for the children this afternoon, in the Richmond Pink. The children of some of the schools have also been provided with new dresses, made by the ladies. Yesterday, at the St. Kilda Police Court, Patrick Rcetiey, a cab-driver, was summoned for committing, whilst in a stato of inebriety, an unprovoked assault, in her own bar, on Mrs. Barnes, landlady of tho St. KildaFamily Hotol. For this offence Reeney was fined £5> or a month's imprisonment. Another charge for assault svos preferred against h im by George Bestell, for which he was fined 10s., or forty eight hours' imprisonment; and for plying for hire off his stand, a further fine of 5a. was inflicted on bim. The Crown lands ranger Summoned a lad named M'Donald, for climb- ing over tho fence of the St. Kilda Cricket ground. The Bench fined the culprit ßs. Owen Kennedy, for making use of insulting and abusive language to a police-constable, was ordered to pay a Ano of 20s. ; and two cab-drivers named Tobin and Doyley, for ply- ing for hire off their proper stand, were each fined 5s., and 2s. Od. costs. Another derelict cabman named Patrick O'Toolo was sum- moned by Mary Kearney, the mother of his four children, for threatening to do her bodily harm. The defendant, who had been oidered by the Bench last week to con- tribute £1 per week towards the maintenance of his children, was enjoined to find security to the amount of £25 for his future good behaviour, or suffer threo months' imprison- ment. Several small debt cases were also dis- posed of by the Bench. The first " field-day" of the new Victorian Rifle Club-as we have already informed our readers-takes place at the Sandridge Butts, on Saturday next, and will naturally excite considerable interest in the rifle-shooting community. It appears that many per- sons concerned have not been thoroughly aware of tlie occasion, and in deference to them tho time in which entries-at a cost of 2s. Cd. each-can bo mado has been ex- tended to noon on Friday next. All applica- tions ore to be made to the honorary secre- tary, Mr. F. T. Sargood, Flinders-street. The nomination of candidates to supply the vacancies lately created in the Hotham Municipal Council took place yesterday, at eight a.m., in the usual formal manner. Six candidates sverc nominated, viz., Messrs Fife, Fuller, M'Farland, Crook, Reed, and Clegg. It appeared that Messrs. Fife and Fuller enjoyed the majority of votes; but a poll was demanded and fixed for to-day. As a token of respect to Constable Thomas Powell, who is about to leave for New Zea- land, after more than four years of arduous duty in perhaps the most unsatisfactory beat in Victoria-Bourke-street, the inhabitants have thought proper to present him, through the inspector, Mr. Hare, with a written tes- timonial and purse of sovereigns, for his at- tention to his duties and general good con- duct. Tho Brisbane Courier of February 24 says : -" Messrs. Baff and Co., of this city, havo kindly furnished us with tho subjoined ex- tract from a letter received from their corre- spondents at Liverpool by the late mail. It relates, as will bo seen, to the packing of Sen Island cotton :-' In packing this description of cotton a different plan is pursued from that adopted with the other kinds, which are all packed in bales by means of a press ; but with Sea Island, the practice is to put it into round bags, which are hung up with the mouth extended. A mau then gets in and treads down the layers as thrown in, occa- sionally sprinkling a littlo clean water on the cotton to make it lie closer; but this requires t o be done with care, as too much water would destroy the cotton. The reason why the press is not used is, that the seeds are apt to adhere to tho fibro, and, being soft and oily, would break under a heavy pressure and discolour the cotton.' " An appeal from a decision of tho Chief Commissioner in tho estate of Henderson and Sons, insolvents, was argued yesterday before Mr. Justice Molesworth, The Appellate Court made an order, by consent, on the 25th Sep- tember last, referring tho matter back to the Chief Commissioner, to take fresh evidence, as a master. His report has been made, and tbo arguments were yesterday founded on it. His Honour reserved judgement. The United Victorian Eleven propose to enter upon a second campaign previous to the closing of the season. On Friday and Saturday, the 13th and 14th inst., thoy play the cricketers of Geelong, and their hon. secretory, Mr. J. C. Brodie, is arranging other matches with Sandhurst and Smythe's Creek. Tho United Victorian Eleven is not to be mixed with any team chosen to roprcsent the colony in intercolonial or other national contests. It is a body which exists inde- pendently of encounters of thiB naturo, and is formed upon the samo basis, and managed in tlie sam« manner, as the All-England Elevens of tho mother country. Apropos of cricket, it may bo mentioned that a singlo-wicket match is to como off shortly between Messrs. Wills and Greaves. Ia the Assembly yesterday, in reply to a question from Mr. Smyth, as to whether there was any objection to rescind tho present nile of tho Post-office which caused the detention of letters insufficiently stamped, Dr. Evans said, however great tho inconvenionco to the public might be, he was afraid that tho de- partment could not at_present do what the hon. member wished ; but in a bill wliich he was about to introduce, power would bo taken for the transmission of insufficiently-stamped letters, and for charging the amount of post- age doficiont to the parties to whom the letter was sent. At tho usual meeting of tho Municipal Council of Essendon and Flemington, on Monday evening last, tho following members were present -Councillors McCracken (chair- man), Filson, Leake, McNamara, Grant, and Eastwood. A letter from the secretary to the Municipal Conference was submitted to the council, on the subject of the permanent endowment of councils. It called the atten- tion of tho council to the necessity of ap- pointing a permanent secretary and agent, to be paid by the annual sum of £10 from the larger, and £5 from tho smaller munici- palities, and recommended that Mr. Mars Miller be appointed to the office. The discussion of the subject was postponed to tho next meeting. Reports from the inspector of nuisances and the health officer were read, complaining of a great nuisance existing on the premises of Mr. George Petty, at Essendon. The town clerk was instructed to commence proceedings against Mr. Petty, It was moved by Councillor Filson, seconded by Councillor Eastwood, and agreed to, that the council bo empowered to enter into negotia- tions with the proprietor of the land at Flem- ington, for the purchase thereof, as a sito for the new court-house and municipal- chambers, conditionally on the Government grant being available within six months. Several notices of motion were postponed to next meeting, when a call of the council will he made. On the motion of Mr. W. C. Smith yester- day, a return was ordered showing tho num- ber of warrants placed in the hands of the polico since July, 1801, up to the present date, for the arrest of men who have deserted their wives and children, and who aro now sup- posed to be in New Zealand ; the number of arrests made, if any ; and what steps generally are token by the police authorities with a view of bringing these men to justice. The Intercolonial Cricket Match Com rnittco meet at Marshall's at five o'clock this afternoon. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges receipt of 'rom the men employed in the Victoria Suçar Woiks at Sandridge, being amount of one penny per week subscription. Amongst the visitors to the Houses of Par- liament yesterday wero Admiral Popoff and the officers of the Russian corvette, now lying in the bay. They were shown over tho House by tho Mayor of Melbourne, Mr. Francis, Mr. Loader, and Mr. Woods. From tho roof they enjoyed a magnificent view of tbo city and the bay. Aman, named Thomas Jackson, about forty years of age, is in custody on a charge of picking pockets, and it is suspected that he has'been for some timo past in the habit of carrying on the light-fingered profession in the cars running between Melbourno and Collingwood. Detective Eason has charge of the case, and any information from parties who have been robbed under like circum- stances should be loft without delay at the Detective-office, Little Collins- street, near the Adam and Eve. Tho treasurer of the City Mission begs to acknosvledge the sum of £1 from Mrs. W. L. Kqr ¡ and £1 from Miss de Burgh, by Mr. A. J. Smith, Swanston-street. Mr. Kinnelly, late manager of the branch of the Union Bank at Smythesdale, has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzle- ment. The accused admitted to one of the witnesses that he had misappropriated money, and that the defalcations are of a recent date. . At tho General Sessions yesterday, Cowley Burkitt, a junior master at tho St. Kilda Grammar School, was sentenced to two years' hard labour in the Melbourne Gaol for picking pockets in the pavilion of tho Melbourne Cricket Club. Two gentlemen who had known the prisoner in private society, deposed as to'his previous good character, but the Court expressed surprise that witnesses were not called who wert" moro conversant with his daily life. The chaiiman observed that the prisoner might deem the sontonco a severe one, but it was necessary that a warning should bo given to others not to nbuse their position. I Thomas Doyle was found guilty of a mali- cious assault, and was remanded for sen- tence; and Bridget and Joseph Short, charged with stealing from a dwelling, wero acquitted. Tho Sydney Morning Herald, of February 26, says:-"We believe that the Colonial Secre- tary will leave Sydney, for Brisbane, on Monday next, by tho Yarra Yana, to concert with the Queensland Government measures for tho settlement of the border customs difficulty, and also to discuss other matters affecting the interests of tho two colonies. It is probable that Mr. Cowper will íeturn to Sydnoy about tho 16th Mai ch, and that ho will leave by the mail steamer to attend the intercolonial conference at Melbourne." An action to recover from the Board of .Land and Works compensation for injuries sustained by Mrs. M'William, tho wife of a load contractor, living at Footscray, by tho railway accident which occurred near tho ÑorthMelbourne Railway Station, on the 25th Novembor last, was tried yesterday, at the Su- preme Court, before Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve. The verdict was in faVour of tlie plaintiff, the jury assessing the damages at £400, in addition to £160 paid into court. Yesterday, in tho District Couit, Frederick Lawrence, an oysterman, of litigious temper, living in S\van8ton-strcet, who has for some timo past lived on very bad terms with his neighbours, was plaintiff in two cases, and defendant in a third case, of abusive and threatening language, &c.; The oysterman was adjudged wrong in each instance. Tho casos in which ho was complainant were dis- missed with 21s. costs in each, and in that in wliich ho was defendant, he was fined 40s, and ordered to pay 23s. 6d. costs. ' Wo observe that hay-buyers are advised to geo their hay weighed after being purchased, in consequence of somo farmers weighing othor produce with hay and delivering it be- fore going in the market. Tho Histrionic Society, which has now earned its title of the leading amateur club, in Melbourne, played last evening at tho Theatre Royal, for the benefit of Mr. J. V. A. Bruco's chaiitablo "New Way to Pay Old Debts." The pieces selected wero " The Honeymoon " and "Tho SpitalfleldsWeaver." Tho first of these is in its very nature suited especially to such pel formers, who, if at all equal to their several parts, generally produco something very well worth seeing. It is quito rofreshing to old playgoers to seo fami- liar characters played according to now lights, and by those to whom the worn convention- alities of the stage are unknown, so that last ovening's performance was an eminently in- teresting one. Mr. W, Levey, to whom was allotted the chief part-that of Duke Aranza -played with great intelligence and elocu- tionary power, qualities which greatly counter- balanced his want of energy. His Bcencs with Juliana weie distinguished by much quiet skill and smoothness. His clownish counterpart, the mock Duke, was a gem in his way, andi Mr. H. Bruce was admirably comic, achieving a broad humour that told immensely. Mr. Wyatt nickling assumed the rough airs of the would-be cynical Rolando with considerable sucoess ; and Mr. A. C. Fox ns Bulthazar, and Mr, H, Phipps as Count Montalban, we« both more than equal to the emergency. The small part of Lope-i was also fairly done Tho ladies of tho play weie all stars of no moan ' lustre.' Miss Rosa Dunn was the Ju- liana of the evening. Most nctresses make this character so unumiablo in tho eat Her part of the piece, that it is a woudei how Duke Arauza falls in* lo\o 'with her, but Mis Dunn hit the golden mean, and through all the surface of her ill and imperious temper allowed a more gracious disposition to bIiow it- self moro and more, till when the taming pro- cess wasover.it wasuot difficult to recognise the " petfect wife." Miss Mortimer's Volante was as giddy ar>d whimsical as might be ; and Miss Holroyd, long a stranger to the boards, wore her boy's dress as Zamora with such grace that one quite regretted her expressed intention to keep to " woman's gear" for tho future As an interlude, Mr. Marquis Chisholm played a charming fantasia on the harmonium, which the audience strove to encore twice, so delighted were they. Tho progiommo concluded with tho farco of, the "Spitalfields Weaver." During the evening the remaining prizes in Mr. J. V. A. Bruce's "Art-Union," woith altogether £11314s, were drawn, each person present having a chance in the lottery, and the results will doubtless he soon made public. The house was voiy well attended, and the dress circle and stalls were crowded with a brilliant audience. During the short recess nt tho Theatre Royal, Mr. Washington Simmons, who pro- fesses, like the Russian conjuror Frikell, to perform his illusions without the aid of ap- paratus or confederates, will give a magical entertainment in the vestibule of the Theatre Royal, assisted by the new orchestra of the theatre, which, under Herr Strcbinger, will perform a selection of mostly now music. Tho first entertainment will toko place this evoning. 