POET ELLIOT. [From onr own Correspondent.] June 23. The late heavy rains have had a most beneficial influence on the young crops, and they are looking -very promising, but unfortunately there are a good many who have not yet finished seeding — indeed the whole' district is later than usual — and thej conse quence will be a late harvest ; let us hope it* will be a -prolific and remunerative one. The bridges over the rivers Inman and Hindmarsh are now almost completed, and will be ready for opening in about ten days or a fortnight ; the latter bridge is said to be one of the finest structures in the colony, and reflects the greatest credit on the designer (Mr. Eogers) and the contractor (Mr. Gouge.) No -unnecessary time should be lost in opening them for traffic, as it is -very dangerous crossing the rivers in the winter time. We expect to have a grand gala day when they are opened. I regret I cannot speak so favorably of the progress of the tramway or jetty; frome some unexplained cause both are now at a stand. The tramway is waiting the return of Mr. Eogera from Adelaide. The minine venture at Encounter Bar seems to be progressing favorably ; the lode has been struck, and some fine specimens have been brought to light ; the proprietors feel confident as to the results. Onr usually quiet township was enlivened on Saturday last by the opening of an auction mart, where a variety of sundries were sold. The pro prietor (being his own bellman on the occasion) walked through the streets with a huge bell in his hand, and with stentorian lunge announced .the sale was about to commence. Among the- -inducements held forth to the. public were lucifer -matches in original boxes, out of which none had been taken for private use thereby insuring the buyer the full quan tity of the aforesaid article ; and genuine tobacco, which could be sold cheap in consequence of having paid no duty. I regret to add that his efforts or bis logic did not seem to. reward him for his trouble. . Considerable interest seems to be manifested in the approaching elections for District Councillors in this ward, and two or three 'names have been mentioned as likely to contest for the honor. \- The members of the Episcopal Church here anti cipate a great treat, next week. The Bev. Canon SuBBell is to give Mb celebrated lecture on ' Ghosts;11 and whether his idea of the supernatural may be realised or otherwise, there is no doubt but a pleasant and instructive evening will be spent, as I perceive in addition to the lecture some very excellent music — both vocal and instrumental — is provided, as well as some favorite recitations. We are also to be favored with a eermon from the rev. gentleman in our church the Sunday following. The Rev. Francis Williams is to officiate next Sunday. The proceeds are to be devoted to the completion of the interior of the chuich. 