MELBOURNE NEWS. (Argus.) Another instance of the utility of our colonial war steamer was afforded on Thursday. The fine ship Royal Dane was detained at her anchor, with a fair wind blowing, owing to ten of her men refusing, at the last moment, to proceed to sea, from some one of those reasons which disaffected sailors alone give for such conduct. Mr Shillinglaw, the Government Shipping-master, on learning the particulars of the matter, proceeded on board H.M.C.S. Victoria, and at his request Captain Norman furnished Captain Davies, of the Royal Dane, with two boats' crews, to assist in getting her under weigh. The mere appearance of the lieutenant in charge of his men appeared to be sufficient, for the malcontents at once gave in. (Age) Amongst tho cascri for trial at the next nisi priits sittings, arc two actions for libel, tho one, Dr. Bea ney against 13r. Fitzgerald ; and tho other, Mr Sydney Gibbons against tho printer of the Yeoman: The rule nini. for sequestration of the estate of P. A. C. O'Farroll was on Thursday discharged in tho iiquity Court, counsel not appearing to sup port it. Before tho City Court, on Thursday, a young woman named Emily Harrington, lately employed as a governess at Talbot House, East Melbourne, was charged with forcibly entering one of tho rooms, and stealing therefrom several articles of jewellery and a small sure of mouey. She was said to bo highly con nected and- accomplished. The room had been entered by the front window, and she was first sus pected on account of a lady'n companion, which it was Unovm- belonged to her, being found undernoath the window-sill. A purse containing si small sum of money, which was found in her possession, was iden tified as portion of tho stolen-property. The case 'was not fully investigated, and was remanded till this day.. Tho deputation appointed by tho public meeting ;held in the Criterion Hotel, on Monday last,.to. in ? Yite the Governor, Sir Henry Barkljy to a public" banquet before his departure from tho colony, waited on his Excellency at the Treasury, on Thursday, afternoon. Tho deputation consisted of Sir James Palrrfoi', President of tho Legislative Council ; Sir Francis Murphy, Speaker of tho Legislative As sembly ; the lion. Henry Miller, M.L.C.; llis Wor ship the Mayor ; Mr Thomson, M.L.A. ; and Mr J. B. Payne. Sir James Palmer introduced the depu tation, and invited his Excellency to such a banquet as was contemplated, expressing tho hope that the invitation would be accepted, and that his Excellency would fix any day for tho banquet which would be most c.mveniont for him. His Excellency, in reply, said he felt highly flattered at receiving such an in vitation from such a deputation before his departure, and ho was prepared to accept it. With regard to the time for tho banquet, his successor was expected to arrive about the 10th of September, and it was desirable that it should take place during tho last week of August, or tho first week of September ; but in regard to tho particular day, lie would bo regulated by the convenience of the committoe. His only engagements were one with the Mayor, on the 27th of August, and one at Ballarat on the 1st or 2nd of September, it was not yet decided which. With tho exception of these two days, any day in the last week »f' August, or the first week of September, would be suitable to him. Sir James Palmer said his Kxcellency ought to understand that this invita tion was not given simply by the citizens of Mel bourne, but was intended as a proof 011 tho part of tho colonists'generally : of their great satisfaction with his Jixcelloncy during his term of office. Some conversation then followed with regard to the fixiii" of a day, which concluded by his Excellency sug° posting that the committee might perhaps arrange that matter, and the deputation withdrew. Wn un derstand that subsequently the committee fixed Thursday, the 3rd of September, for the banquet. (Heral'l.) i . , The number of letters and newspapers received and dispatched by the Peninsular and Oriental Com pany's steamers during the present month was as follows :-Iieceivod per Madras, 43,820 letters, and 10S,304 newspapers; and dispatched per Bombay, '51,073 letters, and 55,301 newspapers; milting'a total of 94,893 lettei-3, and 104,205 newspapers. Mr Michie applied in the Equity Court, on Thurs day, before Mr Justice Molosworth, for. tho ad mission^ Mr Or. 1 Acting, however, on. an expression of opinion given by the full court, his Honsr said that, unless for special reasons, such applications should be made in term before tho three judges. ' THE ADELAIDE CHIEF SECBBTART.T-A. great deal of fuu in the Adelaide papers is made out of the curious position of the Hon. Mr. Ayers, Chief Secretary, with respect to the Tariff Bill, The lion/gentleman, when in opposition, denounced the bill, violently declaring it to be his deliberate opinion that it would be "ruinous to the best in terests.of the colony." This very bill he now supports, and lias carefully seen it through all its ?stages in the Legislature! Mr. Ayers explains, that his views as'to the injurious nature of the Tariff Bill are unchanged; but that he felt it due to the interests of the country to come forward and rescue it from the dead lock with which it was threatened, even though at the sacrifice of his individual opinions, and at the risk of the imputa tion.of inconsistency. "But," remarks the S. A. Adeerliser, " Can a man serve his country by assisting.-to carry out a measure which lie himself believes to b& detrimental to the best interests of the country ? We say he cannot. We maintain that in making the attempt Mr. Ayers is sacrific ing himself without saving his country. Some of the hon. gentleman's eulogists actually claim credit for him on the very ground bf his sacrifice of opinion. They say : look at what he has done! ITe lias, with a full consciousness of the censure he exposes himself to, sacrificcd his own opinions to save his country. According to this logic, the more contradictory a man's political career is-the more frequently he recants and shifts and changes -the more intense the indignation and weighty the censure that he incurs-the more he is to be admired! If so much admiration is due to a gen tleman who has only placed himself in an anoma lous position once-how heroic must be the states man who has performed the same feat, a dozen times!" THE CEMIWIATHI) Geelong case of Weire v. Atkinson was tried at the Supreme Court, Gee long, on Wednesday last. The plaintiff is town clc-rk of the corporation of Geelong, the defen dant a gingerbeer manufacturer, carrying on business at Ashby, and the action was to recover damages, which were laid at £1,000, for an al leged libel in.the shape of a declaration sworn by defendant before a justice of the peace to the fol lowing effect :?-" That in the month of Sept era her, 185,5, the town council called for tenders for leasing the hay market. That the plaintiff, who was on terms of intimacy with defendant, and under pecuniary obligations to him, advised him to send in a'tender, and undertook to inform him of the amounts of other tenders before they were submitted to the council; that for this purpose We ire took defendant to his private residence, where they entered a bedroom and shut them selves'iii, Weire carrying in a jug of hot water ; that Weire then produced certain . tenders that had.been sent in for leasing the hay market, and opened them by manipulating the seal, using the steam of the hot water for the gummed envelopes, and a knife warmed in, the candle fur tho?e fas tened by sealing wax, and that from the informa tion so'obtiiined Atkinson was enabled to send in a tender which was accepted by the council." This statement was positively denied by Weire, and after a large amount of evidence had been taken, the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff -damages £100.-Ajre. TJIE ABSENT'MEMBER pon EAST BOURKB.-A meeting of the electors of East Bourke'was held yesterday (Thursday), at Heidelberg, for the pur pose of considering the position in which the dis trict (is placed, as regards its representation iii Parliament, by the continued absence of Mr. Bennett. It was agreed that a petition should he sent to the Legislative Assembly, through Air. Kirk, praying that body to rescind the resolution which it adopted some time ago, giving Mr. Rennet leave of absence for the remainder of the session.-Argus. MAJORCA.-After long disputation Majorca has been declared to lie within the Amho'rst"mining division. ' The Maryborough folks are disap pointed at this result, a3 they had made up their minds to appropriate Majorca to themselves. -Geelong Advertiser^ j STEALING EMSCTORAI, EIGHTS.-On Saturday night, during the absence from his oflico of Mr. Ilarf, electoral registrar, and while the attention of his clerk was engaged in issuing the rights, some malicious person tore out four or five of the forms. Eight or ten persons were present in the room, and it is extraordinary tbat the theft could have been perpetrated without their knowledge. If, however, they were aware of the fact,, which we ennnot believe, their connivance at the larceny was highly reprehensible. We need scarcely say that the documents abstracted are utterly useless to the possessor. We regard the act as that of a malicious, rather than of an ignorantly cunning man, and hope he may be detected and punished. -Dai/lesford Express, 28th July. Mn. B. G. DAVIUS, M.L.A.-On Saturday evening last a number ef gentlemen met, at Tar nagitlla, for the purpose of raising a general sub scription throughout the district, to present Mr. B. Gr. Davies, M.L.A., with a purso of sovereigns and testimonial, as a recognition of his services in the House of Parliament. Mr. John Pierce was in. the chair, anil Mr. J. S. Lane was unanimously elected secretary. Preliminary re solutions were passed, to be forwarded to the several divisions of the district, A.subscription wasatonco opened, and over .£36 subscribed in the room'.-M. and D. Advertiser. TIIK BRAMJIA MURDER.- The Executive Council have commuted the sentence of death , passed on William Dixon Murrell, for the murder of his wife to imprisonment with hard labor for life, tlie first three years to be spent in irons. Herald. . AN ArrALLiNG CATASTROPHE occurred about nine o'clock yesterday morning. A . fire broke out in the house of Mr. Ritchie, near Frankston, .which resulted not only in the destruction of his property, but also in the loss of life, four of Mr. Ritchie's children having been burned to death. The following are the particulars as contained in a telegram received by Dr. Candler:-"Mr. Ritchie had gone out to his employment, leaving his wife and five children at home. In the course of the morning the mother went out to look after a cow, nnd it was during her absence that a fire broke out in the house, which was speedily re duced to ashes. The children were of tender years, the eldest being only six years of age. They were unable to extricate themselves from their perilous position, and so, with the exception of one who was provideutially rescucd, fell vic tims to the devouring element. Their remains were got out, and removed to the Frankston Hotel, there to await, the coroner's inquest. No thing is at present known as to how the fire ori ginated.--Age, 31st July. THE GEELONG ADVERTISER says-" The charges upon which 'Mr.- Michie's remarks were founded arose, we believe, from the following circum stances:-'The electoral roll, last compiled, is said to be defective, in not being authenticated by the signatures of the proper officers. The old roll contains nsmes which hare been omitted from the new. Mr. Hugh Murray contended that the old roll was the legally authentic one, and the Re turning Officer decided in favor of receiving the votes tendered under it. There were no recesses to which the electors could retire to mark their voting papers, and it was alleged that one of the supporters of Mr. Armytage interfered in .the marking of the papers on an open tahlc in'the room. It was further alleged that Mr. Armytage had an opportunity of inspecting the voting papers before passing to the hands: of the scrutineers.. How far tha result of the election was affected (if at all) by these irregularities, we have no infor mation. It. will be surprising if there be no coim! crcharges. * Tun Fuis.-The Argrn learns by a private letter from a' settler in Fiji Islands, dated 22nd ultimo,, that the sovereignty of the islands-refused by; Great Britain -had been offered to France, through the Governor of New Caledonia. Protection against the Tongesc had also been solicited from the same power. The writer proceeds to state that the small flock of sheep lately taken down to the islands by an old Victorian settler have suffered from eating a poisonous plant. Of 500 ewes, just about lambing, 120 died in, the course of,a fortnight. He describes the climate as de lightful, and as " never cold and never hot." THE IvrNETOJf STATION MASTER.-Mr. Moore, we are happy to find, has been re- instated as sta tion master in Kyneton, by the railway authori ties, without the slightest reprimand or blemish on his character, as a long tried and deserving official in the Government service.-Obscroer. MURDER by BLACKS IN QUEENSLAND.-Another murder by the Queensland blacks is reported by the Brisbane correspondent of the Geeb, g Adver tiser :-" I fear that the Northern Queensland blacks have to answer for another murder that that will cause a painful sensation amongst the people of Geelong, who have such a vivid remcm-. brance of the massacre of their old friend and townsman, Mr. H. S. Wills. Late last night in formation reached me that Mr. Robert Kellett had been murdered by the blacks.in the Kennedy dis trict. This was all-no details. Mr. Kellett was well known to many amongst you, whose ac quaintance with Geelong dates back seven years. He was for some time engaged in business in your town, and left about four years ago for this part of Australia to improve bis health and fortune. Having resided sufficiently long on one of the stations of his uncle, the present Colonial Treasurer, to grow strong and gain 'colonial ex perience,' i.e., a knowledge of squatting, he took up country on his own account in the far north, and determined to pursue a pastoral life. Twelve months ago I met. him in Sydney completing his arrangements, and a few months later I saw him in Brisbane just before his final start for the bush. He was then full of hope at the prosperous carecr before him, but which is now so unhappily ter minated." THE Ber AND THE BULL'S FOOT.-Not a bad story is told of the educational efforts being made at St. Francis' Cathedral at the present time, but I cannot vouch for the truth of the statement. The story is that evening schools have been opened for male adults for the very limited educational training required to enable wojld-be electors to sign their own names. The story goes that intel ligent persons can be taught in three lessons, and that the feat of signing their names three times in one day .has been accomplished by many during the week, who never signed their names before. Melbourne Correspondent Star. UNsmisrANTiAi, STAGH SPECTRES,-Perhaps the most striking success that has been achieved this Easter is that of a spectral drama at the Britannia Theatre. In this place Professor Pepper's recent discovery in optics is brought into use upon the stage with truly terrific effect. Ghost dramas have always been in favor with one class of theatre-goers, and it is no wonder that they crowd to the Britannia on the promise of being shown a " real" spectre, Perfect (aith is kept, and the result is, that the breathless audience finds Professor Pepper's " Ghost" almost too real ^?they see the villian of the piece pass his sword through and through the body of the spectre. and feel their hair rise as .they, observe the shadow's lip move, and.hear its ghastly laugh ; and honest terror robs their applause of not a little of its hearty ring. They know that they are looking upon an optical illusion ; but it is so fearfully like reality that, for a while, reason is over mastered. The honor of having invented the ghost effect is claimed by Mr. Dircks, who says, with an am biguity we have vainly endeavored to penetrate,' Hit is my invention, as,adapted by Professor Pepper for stasre effect."-Home News. TUB ESTIMATES for " miscellaneous, special, and temporary objects," show that the marriage of the Prince of Wales nccossita'es a vote for £23,455. The £23,455 is made up of the fol lowing itemsN-Extraonlinary charges devolving oil the departments of Her Majesty's household and travelling expenses, £10,300; for works at Windsor under the direction of the Office of' Works and Public Buildings, £4,200; for illumi nations of public buildings, £7,000 ; and for opening the theatres to the public on the 10th, £2,955. TIIR KYNKTON BUSWUNGINCI STORY.-No traces hayc yet been found of the two mounted bush rangers wlio stock up nnd robbed yountf Oliver, on Monday, on the highway, n few miles from Kyneton. Tlie pony lie rode belonging to Messrs. O'Connor nnd Lowes, his employers, bus since been found in the bush with the saddle, nil right, , and some doubts are entertained ol the lad's re port of the affair.- Observer. 