FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25T;, 1803. OnnrsTarAs-tho delight of our boyish days, the time for merry games and holidays, big plum-puddings and tips from the old fogoys with bald heads and dangling bunches of seals-visits us again like a spectre of the past. 'or us, most of the traditional fun is cut out; "the old games have lost their charm; the holidays, unfortunately, are nearly all eliminated; the old fogeys excuse themselves from giving us tips on the score that we inight be insulted thereby; the very weather isn't a bit like Christmas, for. the big plum-pud ding might be almost boiled in the glorious sunshine. INothing, in fact, reminds of the joyous old time but the almanac, or an iuti mation from the junior members of the family that " School is broke up for the holidays." 'True. we have our pleasures at this season, but how unlike those of the past. We can join a picnic or take a hand at cricket; but we cannot sit round the yule-log and hear weird tales of ghost and goblin, or play snap dragon with any degree of pleasure with the thermometer at SO. Yet after all, Christmas is a very enjoyable time with us. It calls to mind old traditions and old friends, old cus toins we do well to observe, and old duties older than Christmas itself-wo are still bound to fulfil. With the kind wishes of the season come naturally inquiries after the sick and aged, the poor and infortuinato,'thl helpless and thlehouseless. At home the baronial hall'and the cottage alike extend their hospitality to their poorer neighbours; and whatever other customs may die out, this one must not be permitted tolapse. Fortunately for us, chronic distress was unknown in this colony for many years; and even now it is far from being general. But sometimes we earof exceptional cases, such as that caused by the great fire at Ingleowood, and again at our doors, the terri ble ravages of the flood of last week. This latter now claims our special attention. Far as settlement extends along the banks of our beautiful Yarra, the wail of distress resounds. The raging flood swept over the fields, the pastures, and the homesteads within its influence, and swallowed all in hopeless ruin. In many instances the inhabitants barely escaped with their lives, while many owed their preservation to two or three gallant men who exposed themselves to imminent peril in the cause of humanity. Imagine the feelings of the poor man, who, after years of toil to secure a competence for himself and family, sees the whole fruit:; of his labours swept away before his eyes, and he uteterly powerless to avert the calamity. Hero, then, at this Christmas time, our duty is plainly set before us. Those who have now been reduced from hard-working indeo pendence to absolute destitution demand our instant and even self- denying assistance. To comfort the nlllicted, to r:liov the distressed to bind up the broken-hearted, 's tie province of the Christian, not only at ChriStmas time but at all times.. A noble boginuiug in the good work has already been made; it:must be followed up, day after day,to as noble an ending. Many thousand pounds' worth of property has been destroyed in our locality, and we must not relax our exertions in the cause until at least one-half of the losses have been made good. It is needless to say we sympathise with the suflrorers-lot our pounds apd shillings show how much we sympathise. Victoria has responded heartily to the calls made upon her liberality on behalf of dis tressed classes in the mothor-country?; the appeal is now made for our own fellow-csolo nists-our next door neighbours, and we know it will be answered in a manner worthy of us as a, people, Many of those who are now homeless were a week or two siuce anticipat ing a 'merry Christmas for theiusolves, but now the darknoss of desolation is come upon them, rnd their prospective joy is turned into sorrow. :,While, then, we wish each othei "a merry Christimas,'e" nd indul o durselves in thlipleasureos and festivities incidental to tho season, let us remember the thime-hooured customs of our ancestors, and stretch forth the hand to lighten the dark prospects and relieve the necessities of those houseless ones ?hose all lis been swept away by this terri ble disnster, 