AMERICA. (From the Home News.) For the last few weeks the interest felt in England in the news from America has been concentrated upon the elec- tions in the various Northern States, the issue of which, it was judged, might be of more importance than that of any military battle that was likely to be fought. We now know the general result of these contests. In the State of New York the Democratic, or (as it is now pretty frequently termed) the Conservative party have obtained a great success. They had a clear majority of 32,000 in the city of New York, of 8000 in Brooklyn, and of nearly 10,000 in the State. The Congressmen elected in the Empire State are seventeen Democrats to fourteen Republicans ; the Assemblymen are forty-two Democrats to twenty-four Republicans, and in a few weeks the administration of the State, with a real power second only to that of the President himself, will pass into the hands of Mr. Horatio Seymour, a leading Demo- crat and opponent of the Washington Cabinet. In New Jersey, a Democratic governor and four Democratic mem- bers of Congress to one Republican have been elected. But it is in the West that the issue of the contest is most remarkable. These Western people are strongly at- tached to the Union and have supported Mr. Lincoln with their votes and—with what is more important— thousands of brave men since the war began. Nevertheless, in Ohio there has been a Democratic victory ; in Illinois, President Lincoln's own State, and the chief recruiting ground of the war, there are six Democrats to five Re- publicans elected ; in Indiana there are seven Democrats to four of their opponents ; and in Wisconsin two Democrats to three Republicans. All these districts were two years ago almost unanimous for Lincoln. The World, the Democrat organ, indicates the policy of its party in regard to slavery. The President must, it says, in his forthcoming message submit to the will of the people. If he does not, New York, Pennsylvania, and the Western States will all pass laws forbidding negroes to enter their States, and so render it impossible for them to come North. Once retained in the South, they will be at the disposal of their masters, who have an organised mili- tary power. On the other hand, the Tribune affirms that the President will not yield, that the negroes are perfectly aware of his order, and that on the 1st of January every slave will simply throw down his hoe. The Times of November 22nd thus refers to the results of the elections :— " The Conservative victory is complete, and the other party does not attempt to deny it. Our correspondent says that the Democratic majority in the new House of Repre- sentatives will be from 11 to 20. This being the fact, the next question is as to the effect which the change will have on the policy of the President. It appears that he is quite sensible of the condemnation which his measures have received. Although the new Congress will not meet till December, 1863, unless specially summoned, and although the present Republican House of Representatives will exist till March, and must in the course of things vote supplies and legislate on all mat- ters connected with the war for a year or sixteen months to come, yet the blow to the authority of his Administration is not the less felt. As to the immediate results of the elec- tions we can venture on no prediction. We can, however, already discern from the tone of the Republican press how that party has resolved on treating the vic- tory of its opponents. After denouncing the Democrats for weeks, and declaring that the elec- tion of Seymour and the Woods would be a base com- promise with the negro drivers and a truckling to England, the Republicans now affect to regard the popular vote as merely a censure on military blunders of the Cabinet and its generals. They pretend to think that it is not a con- demnation of Mr. Lincoln's servile war and Mr. Stanton's illegal arrests which is involved in the election of an Oppo- sition Congress, but that the event is similar to the out- break of popular feeling in England which overthrew Lord Aberdeen's cabinet in 1855. Anxious to lessen the im- portance of their defeat, the Republicans now copy the trick of Mr. Seward in replying to England on the Trent affair, and say that the Democrats assert exactly their own opinions,—that the military administration has been defective, and that the war must now be carried on more vigorously than ever. As the Conservative leaders, to insure their own safety and not to alienate any of their supporters, have made use of similar language during their electioneering, it follows that no sudden change in the Federal policy can be anticipated. The Conservatives must feel their way, and not bring back popular favour to their opponents by any in- cautious denunciation of the national acts. Enough for us at present is it to know that the worst of Mr. Lincoln's mea- sures have been condemned, and will probably be aban- doned. The Conservative victory will prevent the great crime of stirring up the negro race to insurrection, and it will insure personal liberty and free dimensional the North. For the rest we must trust to the growing knowledge and the awakened conscience of the country. There appears to have been a kind of Saturnalia of free discussion in the Northern States of America during the excitement of the elections. In the midst of endless re- ports of the speeches of General Wadsworth and his friends, and the counter harangues of Mr. Horatio Seymour and his supporters, of public meetings, torchlight processions, placards, rival election cries, scurrilous caricatures, &c.;, we observe in various quarters the most open denunciation of President Lincoln and his Government. To quote an ex- tract from a recent letter of the New York correspondent of the Times :— The War Secretary, having nearly filled Forts Warren, Layfayette, Delaware, and M'Henry with political prisoners, has taken a siesta, and allowed a little liberty of speech to the few impatient spirits who yet vindicate their claim to an Anglo-Saxon origin by grumbling at the errors and misdeeds of men in power. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, an ultra-Abolitionist, has declared " that the country is going towards disunion and despotism, because one of the most honest men who ever held the Presidential chair is not a man of affairs ; " that there has been a waste and slaughter of men in M'Clellan's and Pope's battles that the government has never cared to estimate, and will never dare to publish ;" " that M'Cellan suffers from fatal, hopeless, and ineradicable timidity, and is more pained to have one man shot than to have a thousand rot in the hospitals ; " and that there " is a deep, widespread, and increasing discontent with this weak and helpless administration." And Mr. Stanton sleeps, and makes no sign to the provost-marshal. On the other side, Mr. Fernando Wood—an ultra-Democrat—has had the courage to say that, if the President will not inaugurate a change of measures, the country will insist on a change of men ; that " some second Napoleon will sit in the White House and dictate terms to the country ; " that, for his part, " if he is to live under a tyrant, he prefers an able and bold tyrant to a mean and petty despotism, such as that at present existing " ; and finally, " that he does not believe it is possible to conquer the South by military triumphs—but that the South will come back to the Union under Democratic and Conservative administration." Mr. Elijah Purdy, a prominent member of the same party, and known as the " War-horse of the Democracy," exhorts his friends at Tammany-hall to do their duty at the polls " by putting out the vagabonds who have got temporary posses- sion of the Government." And still Mr. Stanton makes no sign, and the provost-marshal moves no finger to point towards Fort Lafayette." The most important fact in the military news of the month is that General M'Clellan has been removed from the command of the army of the Potomac, and has virtually retired from active service. This displacement is officially explained as the result of an enquiry into a charge against the General of disobedience of orders. On the 6th of Octo- ber General Halleck, as commander- in-chief, ordered M'Clellan to advance against the enemy and give him battle. M'Clellan disobeyed the order, alleging that he was short of supplies. This statement, General Halleck says, could not be true, as all M'Clellan's requisitions had been promptly supplied. The Harper's Ferry investigation com- mittee had also censured the removed general for the tardi- ness with which he pursued the enemy. There is, how- ever no doubt that political considerations have had their weight in bringing about M'Clellan's dismissal. " Had M'Clellan been a mere professional soldier," says the Daily News, " no one would have inquired what his political opinions were ; but he never professed to be so. It was well known what he thought of the anti-slavery policy of the Government, and that he disapproved of it. But the present war partakes largely of the character of a war of opinion. And it is approaching, if it has not entered, a critical stage. Heretofore the Republicans have con- ducted the war much as the Democrats might have conducted it. But as the term fixed for execution of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation draws near, the period of neutrality is passing away. It would surely been an act of weakness of the President and his Cabinet to leave the chief conduct of the war in the hands of a politician who believed that the method pre- scribed to him as a general was erroneous." The following is General M'Clellan's farewell address to the army :— " Officers and Soldiers of the Army of the Potomac,—An order of the President devolves upon Major-General Burn- side the command of this army. In parting with you I cannot express the love and gratitude I bear to you. As an army you have grown up under my care. In you I have never found doubt or coldness. The battles you have fought under my command will proudly live in our nation's history. The glory you have achieved—our mutual perils and fatigues, the graves of our comrades fallen in battle and by disease, the broken forms of those whom wounds and sick- ness have disabled, the strongest associations which can exist among men, unite us still by an indissoluble tie. We shall ever be comrades in supporting the constitution of our country and the nationality of its people "G. B. M'CLELLAN, Major-General, U. S. Army." General M'Clellan arrived at Baltimore on the evening of the 11th November, on his way to Philadelphia, whence he was to proceed to Trenton, New Jersey. At the last- named town great preparations were being made to receive him. Naturally the dismissal of M'Clellan has created great excitement. The Republican press uphold the action, while the Democratic papers speak of it as likely to be of important service to the Confederates. At a Union De- mocratic Association meeting John Van Buren announced that he should support the nomination of M'Clellan as the Democratic candidate for the next Presidency. General Burnside, who is appointed to the command of the army of the Potomac, has issued on address in which he expresses confidence in the patriotism of the army. That immediate action was intended was evidenced by the fact that General Halleck had ordered all officers of the army Potomac to join their regiments within twenty-four hours under pain of dismissal. As a victory of some kind is above all things necessary to uphold the impaired power of the government, it is probable that General Burnside will be commanded to attack the Confederates. General Lee has, it is said, evaded the Federals, so as to avoid fighting in the Shenandoah Valley, and his forces are posted at Gordonsville, whilst General Longstreet's command is at Culpepper in order to prevent the Federals getting between the main army and Richmond. It is in this district, therefore, that a battle may be expected. General Beauregard is preparing to defend Charlestown to the last extremity ; and has ordered all slaves and non- combatants to leave the city. The Southern accounts of the late battle at Perrysville, Kentucky, differ from the Northern reports in claiming the victory, and the capture of 9000 Federal prisoners during the battle. In the West, the fighting appears still to be no nearer a decisive termination. The Federal General, Buell, has been relieved of his command. He is succeeded by General Rosencranz. The Northern papers are greatly elated by the tactics lately adopted by General Butler, at New Orleans, against his feminine tormentors. Butler's plan was this. By pro- clamation, he required every person in the city to register himself or herself as either a friend or an enemy to the United States. The ladies, it might have been supposed, would have had no difficulty about going to the City-hall and re- gistering hatred to the Lincoln Government. But Butler's proclamation was not so easily answered. The cunning General required that they who registered themselves as enemies should at the same time register every item of their private property ; and no article could be sued for, or sold, or shipped in any way which was not regularly re- gistered. This completely altered the case, for General Butler, while he required this inventory, pointed signifi- cantly to the Act of Confiscation, and intimated that the inventory was for his convenience in future proceedings towards carrying the Confiscation Act into effect. One of the Northern journals gives a vivid picture of the astonishment of a certain " little Frenchman," who finds his balance at his banker's stopped, and his cheque refused, because he had not got his certificate. The same writer is unbounded in his expression of contempt and disgust at another "miserable wretch," who, having no pro- perty at all, boldly went alone to the City Hall and registered himself as an enemy to the United States. The great triumph, however, is over the women. To register all their clothes, and trinkets, and smart little equipages, their black lady's-maid, and their little balance of pocket money in the bank, and perhaps their heap of cotton bales, and all in order that " that fright Butler" might toss it into his voracious maw, was not to be thought of. The women seem to have said " better take a hundred enforced and unbending oaths than be thus swindled and plun- dered." The result was the women all went up and regis- tered themselves as friends of Lincoln and Butler, and took the oath of allegiance. The correspondent of the New York Times declares the scene to have been worthy of study, He writes thus : " The belle and the half-starved seamstress, the dowager with her queenly daughters, and the shrinking women who hopelessly toil for a living, the swarthy creole, the pale New Englander, and the paler-faced octoroon, were mingled in the crowd." He thinks that it was " evident that many took the oath under a degree of excite- ment that would be hard to understand by persons who have not lived in New Orleans. It was a bitter draught to swallow that oath, particularly by women, many externally beautiful, who had rendered themselves locally famous for their denunciation of the national government, and by their openly expressed contempt for the national soldiers. It was no pleasant position," he most truly says, "for such a young lady, after all her protests and vehement declarations of eternal hate, to stand upon the Lyceum stage, and before a thousand people hold up her small jewelled hand, and, pale with confusion and indignation, swear to support the constitution her father, and probably her brother and cousin, had been teaching her for years to contemn and despise." There are anecdotes also told how different scornful beauties underwent the humiliation. " One young miss, as she passed out of the hall, observed to her friend, " Well, really it ain't much after all, is it, Clotilde ?" One tall lady in black—a widow, I presume, of rather the tragic-queen style, descended the marble steps, staring most earnestly on the contents of the certificate. She seemed as if she would annihilate it with her gaze. I suspect she has lost a husband on the battlefields of the Potomac. She must possess property in New Orleans. Her struggle to save her wealth from confiscation, and her hate for the Government that had, as she supposed, robed her in weeds, made, most likely, the letters on that ' certificate' burn her eyes as fire." The same correspondent proceeds :—" As a contrast to this, another widow came, and tripped away with the ' flippant remark to her companion, ' Upon my word, this affairs has caused me more emotion than when I stood up to be married.' " What punishment was inflicted upon this pert widow is not told. The Philadelphia Inquirer has also an interesting account of General Stuart's late dashing raid into Maryland :— " The cavalry, about 3000 in number (although accounts differ as to their strength, some parties insisting there was not more than 700 of them), and six pieces of artillery, crossed the Potomac at Hancock or Clear Spring on Friday morn- ing, and proceeded at once to Mercersburg without com- mitting any depredations, or in the least degree interfering with the inhabitants along the route, it evidently being their intention at the outset to spare the persons and pro- perty of private citizens, horses excepted ; in fact, this was communicated by some of them to parties at Chambersburg. They entered Mercersburg about noon, to the great astonishment of the citizens, who at first thought it was a body of Union troops. No damage was done at Mercersburg, with the exception of pressing a number of horses, there being no railroad depot, public workshops, or Government stores in the town. They passed through the town, and took the Pittsburg pike for Chambersburg, arriving near the town just before dark. One of their first acts was to plant three pieces of artillery on a hill back of the town, after which a detachment of fifteen men were sent into the town, bearing a flag of truce and requesting to see the chief personages or authorities, stating that they had an ample force at hand, and that the town must be surrendered or shelled, at the same time stating that guns were in position for that purpose. Hon. A. K. M'Clure and Provost-Marshal Stimmel then accompanied them to the officer in command, and, all resistance being impossible, the town was surrendered and soon after fully occupied. Previous to their entrance, however, a number of the militia of Chambersburg proceeded to arm themselves and make a show of resistance, but the project was abandoned as entirely futile. One of their first acts on enter- ing was to plant two pieces of artillery in the square of the town commanding the principal thoroughfares, and placing guards at different points. The town was fairly occupied about seven o'clock in the evening. Shortly after- wards a large portion of them made directly for the ware- house and cars, in which were stored a great quantity of government goods, consisting principally of uniforms and a small quantity of boots. Not long afterwards the whole town was converted into one vast dressing-room. On every hotel porch at every corner, on the greater portion of street doorsteps—in fact, all over the town, might be seen rebel cavalry donning Yankee uniforms and throwing their own worn-out and faded garments into the street. In many instances one man would ensconce his pedestals into two or three new pairs of pants, as many coats and with the same number of caps hanging about him. The streets became full of dirty rebel clothing. It is a noticeable fact that many of them had on Union uniforms when they entered the town, and a number of their horses were marked " U.S." During the night, until daybreak, a portion of them scoured the country round in quest of horses, and captured about 600. Ten of them belonged to the Hon. A. K. M'Clure, and were fine animals. Among the horses taken was a celebrated black stallion, owned by some gentlemen in Chambersburg, and valued at 1200 dollars. It is a very large and fine animal, and had quite a reputation in the surrounding country. The rebels fed their horses at the corn-fields around Chambersburg. The road for five or six miles towards Harrisburg is strewn with corn-stalks that were gathered in the fields and brought to the edge of the road for the horses. The horses of those that re- mained in the town were ranged along the streets, facing the sidewalks and remained there for the night, the riders lying around in different directions. It is not known that they made any attempt to enter a single private house. The taverns were all visited directly after they arrived and a considerable quantity of whisky punished, for which pay- ment was generally proffered in Confederate scrip. The men were, as a general thing, friendly and even socially dis- posed towards the inhabitants, entering into conversation. with the citizens in the taverns, barber shops, &c.; In one, instance one of them, entered a tavern in which were several citizens, and slightly hesitated at the door. Some one remarked, " Come in, we won't hurt you," whereupon he entered remarking, ' Well, perhaps not ; but some of you Yankees lie so.' With the exception of the occurrences above re- dated, the night was quietly spent. Preparations for leav- ing the town were commenced about daylight. Combustibles were placed in the railroad depot, the warehouse in which Government stores were kept, and the machine shop, and a train laid to the powder magazine at the warehouse. The stolen horses were got together, a large Government waggon with four horses and two or three ambulances found in the town were well filled with military clothing, &c.;, and each cavalry man had a quantity of clothing piled up before and behind him, on his horse, in many instances the pile reaching up to his chin. Three locomotives and the same number of passenger cars belonging to the Cumber- land Valley Railroad were then utterly destroyed ; the buildings stated above were fired and totally consumed. They waited long enough to see that the destruction would be complete, and at 8 o'clock in the morning the whole party left the town, each man and horse a small-sized clothing establishment. The name occasional by the ex- plosion of the powder magazine was so great that it was heard at the distance of several miles down the valley, and gave rise to a report, that spread in that direction, that can- nonading was going on at Chambersburg. The walls of the warehouse, being very strong, did not fall down after the explosion, which fortunate circumstance prevented much damage to surrounding private property. None of the pri- vate dwellings were destroyed by the fire. The buildings were fired about half-past 7 o'clock. The citizens of the town were gathered together at different points, and, of course, had to endure the mortification of being passive spectators of the scene. Some few straggling soldiers were in the town at the time the rebels entered, but either remained concealed or made good their escape towards Hagerstown or Harris- burg. After leaving town, the rebels proceeded down the Baltimore Road in the direction of Gettysburg. About thirty of the rebels are reported to have been captured by the 1st Maine and other cavalry regiments as they were crossing the Potomac into Virginia, at Nolan's Ford. The rebels all rode the sleekest kind of horses, evidently stolen from Pennsylvanian farmers. It is stated that they had in their possession some 580 captured horses, upon whose backs were strapped on the valuables they had secured." We hear that in the Federal cities almost every manu- factured article and exotic that men and women require in a civilised country is rapidly increasing in price. House- rent, gas, coal, and wood have gone up from 20 to 40 per cent. Coffee has trebled, and tea almost doubled in value, as represented by paper. " Male and female apparel," says a recent letter from New York, " has reached such an alarming price that in a few months none but the rich will be able to pay tailors' or milliner's bills, unless the profits of trade, the salaries of officials, and the wages of labour share in the general inflation. A coat that in London would cost three guineas, or four at the utmost, costs from 40 to 50 dollars in New York ; and a silk dress that the most fashionable mercer in Regent-street would be glad to dispose of for six or seven guineas is priced in Broadway at 100 dollars. A portion of this rise is consequent upon the quasi-prohibitory tariff, but it is the premium on gold that causes the principal enhancement. If unchecked by a re- turn of public confidence, the premium will shortly reduce trade with foreign countries to a minimum or destroy it altogether. New York and all the North have been in the habit of making merry with what they call the ' dilapidated' condition of the wearing apparel of Confederate soldiers ; but the day seems to be approaching when the word ' dila- pidatiobn ' will describe in better English the condition of many a once-crowded mart of industry and emporium of commerce in the Federal States, unless trade can be re- stored to its ancient channels, and the war brought to a satisfactory termination." The Richmond Despatch of the 27th September acknow- ledges that the negroes desert in masses to the North when- ever they have the chance given them by the approach of a Yankee army, rebukes the Southern planters for even dreaming that they could withstand so great a temptation, and demands a law to remove them into the interior beyond the reach of the Northern armies. The correspondent of the Daily News gives us, on his personal knowledge, a curious story of a regiment of Con- necticut recruits engaged at the battle of Antietam. They had joined only three or four days before the battle, and were wholly undrilled, officers and men alike— the only military man being the colonel. The three days was spent in teaching them to load and fire, and there was no time to teach them more. On the fourth day they were engaged, and held their ground in line manfully, till outflanked by an over- whelming force of the enemy. An order was then sent to the colonel to withdraw them, and he was obliged to reply that neither men nor officers could execute any move- ment whatever, and he could " only stay where he was or run away ; " and there he stayed, ' the mon never flinch- ing under a murderous fire " till another corps relieved them when half their number, including their colonel, were stretched on the field. In Missouri a terrible incident has taken place. General M'Neil has caused ten Confederate prisoners of war to be shot at Palmyra. The cause of the tragedy and the par- ticulars of the execution are given by the Palmyra (Mis- souri) Courier :— " When the rebels entered Palmyra an old resident of the place, Andrew Allsman by name, mysteriously disappeared, and it was supposed he was murdered. When General M'Neil returned to Palmyra, after that event, and ascer- tained the circumstances under which Allsman had been abducted, he caused to be issued a notice that if the missing mail was not returned within ten days he would retaliate upon the rebel prisoners in his hands. The ten days elapsed, and no tidings came of the man. The tenth day expired with last Friday. On that day ten rebel prisoners, already in custody, were selected to pay, with their lives, the penalty demanded. To names of the men so selected are an follows :—Willis Baker, Thomas Hum- ston, Morgan Bixler, and John Y. McPheeters. Lewis county ; Herbert Hutson, John M. Wade, and Marion Lair, Ralla county ; Captain Thomas A. Sidner, Monroe county,; Eleazer Lake, Scotland county ; Hiram Smith, Knox county. These parties were informed on Friday evening that, unless Mr. Allman was returned to his family by one o'clock on the following day, they would all be shot at that hour. Most of them received the announce- ment with composure or indifference. The Rev. James S. Green, of this city, remained with them during that night as their spiritual adviser, endeavouring to prepare them for their sudden entrance into the presence of their Maker. A little after twelve o'clock at noon the next day three Government waggons drove to the gaol. One contained four, and each of the others three rough board coffins. The condemned man were conducted from the prison, and seated in the waggons—one upon each coffin. A sufficient guard of soldiers accompanied them, and the cavalcade started for the fatal ground. Proceeding east to Main- street, the cortege turned, and moved slowly south- ward as far as Malone's livery stable. Thence, turning east, it entered the Hannibal-road, pur- suing it to the residence of Colonel James Culbertson. There throwing down the fences, they turned northward, entering the Fair Grounds (half-a-mile east of the town) on the west side, and, driving within the circular amphi- theatrical ring, passed for the final consummation of the scene. The ten coffins were removed from the waggons and placed in a row, six or eight feet apart, forming a line north and south about fifteen paces east of the central pagoda or music stand in the centre of the ring. Each coffin was placed upon the ground, with its foot west and head east. Thirty soldiers of the 2nd M.S.M. were drawn up in single line, extending north and south, facing the row of coffins. This line of executioners ran imme- diately at the east base of the pagoda, leaving a space be- tween them and the coffins of twelve or thirteen paces. Reserves were drawn up in line upon either flank of these executioners. The arrangements completed, the doomed men knelt upon the grass between their coffins and the soldiers, while the Rev. R. M, Rhoades offered up a prayer. At the conclusion of this each prisoner took his seat upon the foot of his coffin, facing the muskets which in a few minutes were to launch them into eternity. They were nearly all firm and undaunted. Two or three only showed signs of trepidation. The most noted of the ten was Cap- tain Thomas A. Sidner, of Monroe county. He was now elegantly attired in a suit of black broadcloth, with a white vest. A luxuriant growth of beautiful hair rolled down upon his shoulders. There was nothing especially worthy of note in the appearance of the other. One of them, Willis Baker, of Lewis county, was proved to be a man who last year shot and killed Mr. Ezekiel Pratte, his Union neighbour, near Williamstone, in that county. All the others were rebels of lesser note. A few minutes after 1 o'clock Colonel Strachan, provost-marshal-general, and the Rev. Mr. Rhoades shook hands with the prisoners. Two of them then accepted bandages ; all the others re- fused. 100 spectators had gathered around the amphi- theatre to witness the impressive scene. The stillness of death pervaded the place, The officer in command now stepped forward and gave the word of command—"Ready ! Aim ! Fire ! " The discharges, however, were not made simultaneously, probably through want of a perfect pre- vious understanding of the orders and of the time at which to fire. Two of the rebels fell backwards upon their coffins and died instantly. Captain Sidner sprang forward, and fell with his head towards the soldiers, his face up- wards, his hands clasped upon his breast, and the left leg drawn half way up. He did not move again, but died imme- diately. He had requested his soldiers to aim at his heart, and they obeyed but too implicitly. The other seven were not killed outright ; so the reserves were called in, who despatched them with their revolvers. The lifeless remains were then placed in the coffins, the lids, upon which the name of each man was written, were screwed on, and the direful procession returned to town by the same route that it pursued in going. Friends claimed and took seven of the corpses. Three were buried by the military in the pub- lic cemetery, The tragedy was over." At New York the exploits of the Confederate steamer Alabama are the theme of every tongue. At a meeting of the Chamber at Commerce on the 6th November a letter was read from Mr. Seward, stating that the recent destruc- tion of American vessels by " pirates " who had gone out from the shores of a friendly nation, in violation of the restrictions imposed by municipal as well as international laws, had been commended, by the autho- rity of the President, to the attention of the American minister in London. In the discussion that ensued on the reading of the document many of the speakers attempted to show that the British Government was responsible for the misdeeds of the Alabama, and would be held to account in the day, of wrath that is preparing. Some alarm was also expressed, that if Captain Semmes, or any other " pirate " of the Southern Confederacy, should attempt to make a dash into the harbour of New York, there would be no effectual means of resisting either his ingress or his egress. New York has, however, been of better cheer since learning that the redoubtable sea rover has fallen foul of and de- stroyed an English merchant ship and cargo, indubitably owned by Englishmen, and with all her papers correct. The British consul at New York has telegraphed the cir- cumstances of this case to Admiral Milne, in command on the West India station. The Alabama has captured upwards of twenty American vessels. Two of them were saved from destruction on giving bonds for 86,000 dollars, payable to President Davis after the declaration of peace. The New York correspondent of the Times mentions a little incident, of which he was a spectator at the being of the famous Corcoran Brigade, for the purpose of showing how little the Irish in the Federal army know what they are fighting for :— " Hearing a great shouting from the centre of the camp, I asked a volunteer what was going on. He replied in French that he did not understand. Getting into conver- sation with him in his own language, I learnt that he was one of five sailors from Havre who had enlisted for the bounty money on the previous day, and that none of them could speak a word of ' American.' His own idea was that the war in which he was to take part was between the ' Americans' and the ' Mexicans ' As regards the shout- ing in the camp, he said that he had heard that an officer had been presented with a horse as a testimony of esteem from his friends, and that he was returning thanks for the gift. On proceeding to the edge of the crowd of soldiers that surrounded the officer I found that it was an Irish captain who had been presented with a sword, and not a horse, and that he was making a violent repeat speech. " Fellow Irishman," he said, "I entered the Federal army for three reasons—first, to make myself a name, like Corcoran ; secondly, to learn the art of war ; and thirdly, that at some future time, not far off, I might with this sword in my hand, which you have given me, lead you back to the dear native land from which you have been banished. (Tumultuous shouting and waving of caps.) Yes ! lead you back to the dear land to drive out the bloody Saxon from the green fields of Erin (Renewed shouts.) The Saxon conquered your lands from your ancestors by the sword. By the sword let us drive him out. (Hurrah ! hurrah ! Erin aboo ! ) Yes, drive him out and share among us the lands that rightfully belong to us. ( Hurrah ! hurrah ! ) I tell you, my countrymen, that we will do it. There are 30,000 true Irishmen in America who have sworn to do it. We will do it—or we will perish in the attempt. (Hurrah.) Let us rescue the land of our birth from the oppression of the bloody Saxon heretics as soon as this war is over (Hurrah !) Yes, let us go back to Ireland as conquerors.' At this point an aged volunteer, with scanty grey hair, who stood close to me, said to himself aloud, ' As if we hadn't had enough of it before we came here ! ' I asked this man the officer's name. ' l don't know, he replied, 'he's got a new sword, and he's making a fool of himself.' The captain continued his harangue for full ten minutes in the same style and to the same purport, interrupted by continued bursts of applause, but said not a word about the merits of the quarrel in which those men had sold themselves, or at- tempted to explain to them why they should at one and the same time be so very anxious to put down rebellion in America, and to start a rebellion of their own in the British isles." It is stated at Baltimore that negro-slaves of " loyal" owners have formed themselves into associations, the object of which is to obtain the same freedom for themselves as is to be obtained (according to the Emancipation Proclama- tion) by the slaves of rebels. The following are the details of a case which has excited much attention of late. The Blanche, a British vessel, Captain Smith, was sailing with a cargo of cotton from Lavaca, in Texas, and bound to the Havannah. While nearing that port the Captain described the Federal steamer Montgomery in pursuit, and to avoid the summary jurisdiction exercised by the com- manders of American cruisers, ran his ship— as he had a perfect right to do—into neutral waters, within " about 300 yards" from the shore. The first version which reached us of the transaction led us to suppose that the Alcade de Mar, observing this movement, and seeing that the war steamer continued the chase, took a boat and boarded the Blanche of his own accord. We are now told that his protection was formally invoked by the English captain, who sent his Spanish pilot on shore for the pur- pose. At all evens, " the Spanish flag was raised over the English one as a sign of its being within the Spanish jurisdiction." Captain Hunter at once sent two boats' crews on board and demanded the papers of the Blanche. The captain produced them, and admitted, in answer to another question, that the cargo was cotton. "Don't you know that cotton is contraband of war ?" said the American lieutenant. The answer was—" I do not know that it is, on board of on English vessel, and in a neutral port." Captain Smith further inquired by what authority he thus stopped in Spanish waters. The officer in command of the boarding party replied, " that he be- longed to the United States steamer Montgomery ; that he did not care about the protection of the Spanish officials, nor the flag that had been raised over the ship ; that his orders were to take possession of the vessel wherever he found it, and that he would do so, and send the crew as prisoners on board the Montgomery ; that he would not enter into a discussion of the right, but would leave that to be settled between the two governments." This declara- tion, coupled with the facts already mentioned, constitutes the gist of the case. The Blanche was afterwards burnt. The boarding party seem to have exhibited and fired pistols by way of intimidating the cap- tain and the Alcade ; to have ejected the latter forcibly from the ship and to have attempted, though in vain, to entice the English crew into the United States' service. Lastly, the Blanche was fired by the Americans, as her captain asserts, though " others say that it was done by her own crew." In the melee which caused the boarding party rushed to their boats and " at- tempted to cut off the escape of the English sailors," but, failing, contented themselves with carrying off the Spanish pilot and one of the passengers. Such is the substance of Captain Smith's protest before the British consul at the Havannah. The Spaniards have already acted in the affair with becoming energy. When the captain-general of Cuba beard that the Alcaide had received a slap on the fate, and that the authority of Spain had been challenged on her own shores, he ordered out a Spanish frigate to exact reprisals on the spot. His government also demanded the punishment of Captain Hunter, and have reinforced their squadron with five men-of-war. It is presumed that Earl Russell has taken proper steps to obtain satisfaction for the insult to the British flag and the injury done to British interests. Captain Smith estimates his losses at some £40,000 ; but whether the proceeds of the damaged cotton and of the Blanche's hull have to be deducted from this we are unable to say. [A telegram from Madrid states :—" The American minister in this city has been instructed by his government to state that the conduct of the captain of the Montgomery was unpardonable, to offer to punish him, and give satis- faction to the Spanish Government."] The Times lately received from a special correspondent who has made his way to the Southern capital the following graphic description of the state of affairs in the Con- federate States. The communication is dated Richmond, October 8 :— The upshot of the present system of restoring the Union will readily suggest itself to the reader. I have travelled far and wide through Virginia ; I have conversed with men, women, and children in that State and in Maryland ; I have seen men, formerly substantial and thriving, whose everything has been devoured by the Federals ; but never in one single instance have I heard a word of regret by reason of the war, a timid note sounded in regard to its issue, a sigh breathed over the departed Union, a ghost of a desire expressed in favour of compromise or reconstruc- tion. On the contrary, one universal chorus echoes through the length and breadth of the land, "The net is broken, and we are delivered !" Mr. Everett and his votaries, who still believe in imprisoned loyalty as existing in the South, might as well search in the British islands for a man who desired them to be annexed to France. So united, so homogeneous a community as the States of the Southern Confederacy finds no parallel in our own annals. No war that England has waged for a hundred years has met with such cordial, unanimous, undivided support. The war against the French Republic had its Charles Fox ; the war against Russia its Richard Cobden. There is no such character in the Southern States. The victory of the Federals in this exasperated struggle means, not the defeat of the Southern armies—not the possession of Richmond, Charleston, Savannah, Mobile, and New Orleans, which would no more lead to a conclusion of the war than the seizure of the Isle of Man. A Federal victory means nothing on earth but the extermination and annihilation of every man, woman, and child in the Southern Confederacy. There is no passion, no frenzy, in the universal language. The intensity of the hate flushes the cheek and clinches the teeth, but finds little expression in feeble words. If any- thing, the exuberance of animosity is more perceptible in the flashing eyes and eager earnestness of the women ; but the settled and unconquerable firmness of the men requires nothing to be added to it. The possibility of Richmond's falling is calmly discussed, and preparations have long been made for such a contingency. Surprise is expressed that the Federals have not long ago possessed themselves of several other Southern cities as well as New Orleans. The possession of a capital city in these days of railroads is a very different thing from what it used to be in the days of Wagram and Jena. Great suffering might be inflicted upon women and children if Mobile and Charleston fell ; suffering which there is only too much reason to fear would be most acceptable to the Federals, judging from the record of their deeds during this last year and half. But every considerable city in the South might be reduced to ashes without changing the mood or undermining the resolution of the feeblest heart, if any feeble heart there be, in the Southern confederacy. The colonial department of the International Exhi- bition will, it appears, be one of the first that will be completely cleared, in spite of the more careful pack- ling its contents require. Arrangements are being made, we hear, with many colonies by which the most curious of their native products may be left in the country in return for similar contributions here to the various colonial museums, Victoria is especially likely to do well in this arrangement, and from this source, as also from the liberality of various wealthy colonists here, their commissioners are likely to take back the nucleus of a very valuable museum. The Council of the Social Science Association have decided by 22 to 17 to hold the meeting of 1863 in Edinburgh. York was the other candidate. 