Our Open Column. THE NEW BISHOP. TO THE EDITOR OF "THE WEEKLY TIMES." SIR,—It has been decided by those who sit in the highest ecclesiastical seats that the new bishop shall be sent from England. This must be a sore disappointment to those who have looked, with a longing eye to the vacant chair. Two thousand a year is not a chance that offers every day, and that on this occasion it should slip through the fingers is a thing indeed to be regretted. And how is it that in Tasmania no clergyman can he found on whose head might be fitly placed the caste of Mitre ? We have had a Bishop—Bishop Nixon too— twenty years of whose life have been spent in the edification of his ghostly charge. Not only among the "poor natives'' has he laid out his strength, but those in holy orders and on whose heads, by the imposition of his own hands the Holy Ghost has fallen, have also shared his anxious solicitude. Is there no one on whom his mantle has fallen ? No inferior in the Priesthood who by the prescribed formula can enter the ranks of the Apostolic succession? Vain and fruitless, in this respect, has proved the Bishop's labours. And yet among the poorer sort rich has been the reward of his toil; how pliable and workable is the material, supple the clay; at the Cathedral in vast numbers did the 'poor natives' assemble and there at the good man's bidding reverently bow the knee, stand erect, or lift upward to heaven the eye; but these devoted creatures had their birth far remote from the regions of civilisation. The simple and docile qualities of their forefathers, the aborigines, have they inherited. No stiff necked importations from Europe are these!—Alas ! for a Bishop ! to ware out his life and be reduced to a " broken down colonial" and all this with so little result. That the health of our ecclesiastical head should have given way and necessitated his relinquishing his See is a most afflictive dispensation. Still our grief is somewhat relieved by the hope that at home he will use his interest in securing for us an able Prelate as his successor. Our next Mitred dignitary may be a second Nixon—a true copy of the prototype. In the Mechanics' our ears may still be ravished listening to elaborate lectures on mummies, pictures, bones, and crabs claws. The forum of St. David's may still ring with powerful discourses on the sublime and mistic tenets of Dr. Pusey. The portals of the sacred enclosure of the church may still be closed against the intrusion of low evangelism. A Maitland and a Fry may still have nothing to hope for. High Churchmen may still be ours. And Mr. Editor may our new Bishop speedily arrive among us. Nearly two years have we suffered from the absence of our Episcopal chief. Things are going to down right ruin. The streets of Hobarton look as sad as if something serious had happened— the churches are being so deserted that cobwebs are gathering on the walls. The poor natives are starving for lack of ghostly food and a deep gloom hangs upon every thing. It was reported a few momings since that St. David's steeple had fallen in, but happily the rumor was without foundation. Yours sincerely MECHANIC. 