BALLAARAT. : : . The first annual games of the Prince of .'? Wales' ??:.': Troop of Light Horse was held on Fiiday, on .the .'??'? Dowfing Forest Racecourse, and drew together a' most respectable assemblage of townsfolks; The trophies awarded to the successful competitors in each event, were manufactured by Walsh Brothers, : ' of Melbourne, and were very artistic in their way. Cornet Moore, as the best swordsman, was awarded first prize amongst the officers of the corps, tod, Trooper Jenner carried off the first prize open to the .-,.' Julius Mount carried off the lion's share of the I prizes for running and jumping; and altogether a ? very pleasant programme was got through without' a single incident occurring to mar the enjoyments '.' of the day. — Ballaarat Star, December 12. Browns' Decay. — Our Smythesdale correspon dent writes as follows : — ' The once nourishing township of Browns is fast approaching to decay, the final blow having, been given to it by the re moval of the police camp building, and the one po liceman, to Scarsdale. Passing through on Satur day, the only object discernible was .this worthy ? private of the blues, whose countenance reflected the desolation of the place. The very dogs have evidently turned tail, disgusted with:thirigs in gene- ' ral, and pleuro- pneuinonia beef in particular, which I am credibly informed is publicly exposed i'or sale in butchers' shops in various parts of this district. A few months more and hardly a shingle will be \' left upon another to record the golden memories of ; the past.— Ballaarat Star, December 14. ? ?. . The Results of Intemperance. — On Monday, at the Plank Road Hotel, Ballaarat, Dr. Clendki ning. hold an inquest on the body of James Glegg, whose death, according to tho evidenco and the ver dict of the jury, took place about the 12th inst., in ' the Speedwell^Quartz Mining Company's dam, and was caused by suffocation from drowning, but how, or by what means, his body came into the above named dam, thore was no evidence to prove. The deceased wns fifty-two years of age, and a native of Enniskillen, Ireland. ? He loft Ireland when he was nineteen years of age, had lived in Canada some twelve or more years, thence vent to California, arid' ?'? some six or seven years ago came to Victoria; He ? ' ? stated to a witness, named Richard Barrett, with : whom he resided, that his mother was living id Ireland, his wife was in West Canada, and he had a daughter married. Deceased was a boot maker, and a hard drinker, decidedly, but very quiet. He drank a great deal on Wednes- - day and Friday, and on Saturday was suffering a ? recovery. In the afternoon ? witness was reading a : newspaper in the Plank Road Hotel, when the de- ' ceased came and asked for money to get a drink. ? : Witness got him a pint of ale, aud believed he had ' not had any ether drink that day, ' but ho ap peared to have tho horrors pretty strong on him.' On Thursday, deceased told witness that on the provious day he had had ' twelve nobblers of liquor and three pints of ale, and that he felt no ill effects of it that day.' Witness saw no more of him, but identified his cap and pipe that were found in tho dam, Henry Snell, miner, deposed to having, on Saturday afternoon, seen tho deceased proceeding, in his shirt sleeves, towards the spot where his body was subsequently found. Other witnesses deposed in corrob oration, and as to the finding of tho body. James Sutherland, M.D., tendered the medical evi dence. — Ballaarat Star, December 15. ' The want of a local lunatic asylum, or of ad ditional accommodation i'or lunatics, is soen in the fact that several unfortunates, male and female, are- at present detained in the Ballaarat gaol for want of room in tho Yarra Bend Asylum. How : many are from tho same oause detained in Mel bourne and other prisons we cannofc say. One of the 'Ballaarat lunatics is a young girl of rather pre posessing exterior, of whom it is said that some mis creant of the genus 'swell' has taken advantage during her lunacy, and prior to her falling into the hands of the authorities. One male lunatic is laboring under the impression that ho has committed the unpardonable sin against the Holy Ghost, and that it is his bounden duty to do penanco by way of fasting. He refuses all nourishment, and the gaol Burgeon and his aids have had to forcibly inject essence of beef into his stomach to prevent abso lute starvation. — Ballaarat Star, December 15. The Water of Death at Ballaarat. — In. our report of the proceedings at the borough council of Ballaarat, on Monday, it will be seen that, with a letter from Mr James Baker, was received, though not produced, a bottle filled with noxious water, taken from a well- known drain on the south side of Sturt street. The following is a copy of the inscrip tion on the bottle : — ' Water of Death ! This cele brated specific is respectfully dedicated to the Mayor and Councillors of the Borough of Ballaarat, by the ever grateful Burgesses of Sturt street. It is manu factured from the choicest specimens of decayed Vegetable and Animal Matter, and is guaranteed to produce Cholera and any other epidemic. Beware of spurious imitations. None is genuine except gathered at the Corner. Sold wholesale by all the Councillors.'— Ballaarat Star, December 15. The All-England Eleven at Ballaarat. — A meeting of the members of the Cricket Club was held in the Buck's Head hotel on Monday evening. Mr E; J. Lewis was voted in the chair. Mr Shoo smith, Mr Marshall's representative, was present to see what arrangements could be made with the club for the match with the All-England Eleven. The following conditions were proposed by Mr Shoosmith :— ' That the club give up to George Marshall the entire of the interior of the ground, reserving to itself the pavilion and present grand stand, the conditions of the above to be furthered by the purchaser of No. 1 booth supplying free of charge luncheon to the players, and free admission to the ground to . members of the club on production of their tickets.' Captain Sweeney said that they were getting nothing. They ought to get £20 from Mr Marshall. Mr Shoosmith would give £20 if the club gave up, the grand stand. Mr Sweeney would be willing to give it up for £30. Mr Murray was opposed to running the club into debt. Mr Shoosmith said that the landlord of the pavilion ought to give the club a handsome donation. After some further discussion, the Ballaarat Club refused to assent to the above terms. Various suggestions were then made, and an agreement was finally come to as fol lows : — ' Agreed between the Ballaarat Cricket Club and George Marshall that, on the occasion of the match between the English, cricketers and twenty two of Ballaarat and district, the whole receipts from the sale of gates, booth sites, grand stand, to gether with the present stand on the ground, shall belong solely to George Marshall. The exceptions are that all members of the club, on production of their tickets of membership, shall have free admis sion to the ground and stand. George Marshall to provide luncheons for the players, umpires and scorers.' In addition to the above, Mr Shoosmith agreed, on the part of Mr Marshall, to give a hand some donation to the club towards the ' local ex penses of the match. The days on which the match will be played are the 11th, 12th, and 13th of Janu-' ary. This concluded the business. — Ballaarat Star. A Lucky Escape. — Edwin Irwin, a man lately employed on a neighboring farm, last week had a narrow escape from seriously injuring his limbs or breaking his neck. It appears he was in a drunken state passing one of the holes on the Hard Hill, when his foot slipped and he fell down fifty feet deep. Happily he did not meet with any obstruc tion in his descent, and the bottom of the shaft being covered with sludge, found a soft bed. He at onoe cried for help, the companion who was with him at the time of the accident raised the alarm, and some miners from the Hard Hill Company, promptly procured a rope with a hook, which the man had sense enough to fasten to his belt. He ?was hoisted up, and on being landed, it was found that he had not sustained the least injury beyond being splashed over with mud, and scarcely recog nisable as a human being. The fall had not sobered him, and, as ho was not able to take care of him self, information was given to the police, who with some difficulty conveyed him to the lock-up. Ar rived at the station, Constable Colvin,. the watch house keeper, supplied Irwin with a clean shirt, and had all his things washed. (£9 19s were found upon him). He was on Friday last brought up at the Police Court, and discharged with a caution, which, however, seemed to have had no effect, as he was again found drunk in the street, and arrested the same day. On Saturday he was fined 10s, and again cautioned. — Crcswicl: Adver tiser, December 14. Narrow Escape from Burning. — Yesterday, as Mrs Heather, of North Chines, was engaged in carrying a shovelful of livo coals from her tent to a tub of water in the yard, for the purpose of purify ing it, the wind blew the flames on to her dress, setting it on fire, which she, as sho thought, extin guished. Smelling burning, however, she proceeded to the tent, but was unable to discover any signs of ignition. Shortly after sho felt a burning sensation at her back, and on putting her hand round, dis covered that her clothes were on fire. She rushed to the tub, and ladled water over herself until the flames were extinguished. Such was the hold the flames had on her that she had to strip herself of all her clothes. Beyond a severe fright, no injuries resulted. — Cresvnch Advertiser, December 14. Melancholy Suicide. — On Wednesday, at the Royal Saxon Hotel, Ballaarat, Dr. Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Elizabeth Browne, whoso death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on the previous day, at her own residence in Sturt street, and 'was caused by stran gulation, from her having hung herself in her privy on the same day whilst in a state of temporary in sanity.' The deceased was aged about thirty-six years, a nativo of London, and hor parents' names were Henry and Mary Ann Pox. Sho had been upwards of five years in the colony, and has had three children by her husband, who are all living. Mary Ann Wilmott, sister of the deceased, deposed as follows : — ' The deceased has been always very exciteable, but for the last month she has been much more so, and sometimes acting like a lunatic. She has been worse for the last ten days, since she got the last letter from her husband, William Browne, in Now Zealnnd. I never heard of any of my uncles or aunts being at all insane, but I have a cousin by my mother's side, now insane in this colony. My sister never drank.' Several witnesses tendered evidence as to (be discovery of tliQ deceased, and Mr Riouard Buuce, surgeon, deposed as follows : — ' The do ceased had her night dress and chemise on her, with a black satin dress over them. She had not any stockings or shoes on. Her hair was hanging loose. There was a rope round her neck. It was a doubled rope fastened with two half hitches, so as to make a running knot, which was under tho right ear.' 