MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A PROFITABLE FERRY.—-The power of the penny was never, perhaps, more strikingly exemplified than at the meeting of the Birkenhead Commissioners, which was held recently, when the Ferry Committee presented a statement of accounts showing the flou- rishing condition of the Woodside Ferry. During the month of March, 1862, the receipts were £2,491 15s. & 2d., and in 1863 £2,775 9s. 7d. From the 24th of April preceding to the 31st of March ending 1862 the receipts were £32,837 11s. 9d., and in 1863 £34,636 17s. 10d. During the same period ending 1862 the expenditure was £21,800, and in 1863 £20,468 odd; thus showing a profit of nearly £14,000 per annum out of a penny ferry. A French Flower-Girl. — The Constitutiounnel states that at the Vincennes races lately the Emperor beckoned Mdlle. Isabelle, the Jockey Club flower- girl, and bought a bouquet of her, which he pre- sented to the Empress. This Mdlle. Isabelle is a Parisian " institution," and one of a kind which, pro- bably, flourishes nowhere else in the world. Her occupation is to stand at the door of the Jockey Club and stick a flower into gentlemen's button-holes as they pass, trusting to their honor for payment. A flower worth at the utmost half-a-sous is habitually paid for lfr. as a minimum; but Isabelle being a very pretty girl, and having the tact to keep all her admirers indiscriminately at a respectful distance, it has become the fashion among members of the club to give her a great deal of money. Many a time and oft a man excited by champagne and large winnings at play drops gold pieces into her hand as he steps into his carriage. In this way Isabella is laying by a pretty little fortune, which they say will one day be the prize of a common fellow, endowed with patience, who offers lawful wedlock. Shocking Occurrence. — An inquest was lately held at Mountsorrel, in Leicestershire, upon the body of Henry Pidcock, before Mr. Gregory, coroner. The deceased met his death on Wednesday last in a stone quarry at Mountsorrel, a cart falling upon him from a height of 100 feet. On the after- noon of Wednesday, Mr. Joseph Webster (the prisoner) was at Mountsorrel with his pony and cart, and appeared intoxicated. When at the top of the hill, near the quarry, he took the pony from the cart and pushed the vehicle down the precipice upon the workmen below. The cart fell upon the back of the deceased, and he soon afterwards died. Mr. George Bampton, publican, stated that the prisoner came to his house afterwards, and asked for a glass of ale. He did not appear at that time the worse for liquor. He told witness that he had thrown his cart over the precipice into the pit. Police-sergeant Bosworth said he saw a pony on the day in question galloping about the hill, and Webster runnning wildly about. He apprehended him, and prisoner said, "I am just coming to give myself up;" and added, "I should think a man can do as he liked with his own property — it is my own cart, and I gave £10 for it." Prisoner also said, " I did not intend to hurt anyone, and if I did so l am very sorry for it; but this will prove whether I am right or John Martin, the high sheriff is right, for I bought my common at Mountsorrel, and paid for it." Prisoner appeared drunk. The Jury returned a verdict of manslaugbter against the prisoner, who was committed for trial at the assizes. Fearful Tragedy in Crossmolina. — "Never before was excitement raised there to such a pitch as when on Monday morning the report spread that a respectable widow lady residing in that town, Mrs. M'Naier, had been murdered in cold blood by her eldest son, William M'Naier, the preceding night, in the open street. Strange to say, the occurrence was for the most part witnessed by four cowardly men, who never interfered to save the unfortunate old lady. The unhappy man is said to have been at the time he committed the deed laboring under some delusion. The delusion was that his mother was the Devil. On her way to her room she met William, who was in his night-shirt on the lobby and in a most excited state, saying that the Devil should be put out of the house at once, and that she was the Devil. Thinking it might quiet him, she said she was the Devil, and begged of him for God's sale to let her alone. Having heard this from herself he became doubly excited, and forced her down the stairs and out in the street in her nightdress. She ran as well as she could towards the barracks for protection, but he over- taking her struck her a violent blow on the back of the neck, prostrating her on the street. Her head came forcibly against the curbstone of the footpath, dashing the blood to the height of eight feet on the house of Mrs. Mostyn, which is opposite. He then paced several times up and down beside her, saying ' I have killed the old devil;' 'the devil is dead;' ' God is stronger than the devil ;' and calling loudly on the people to come out—that 'the mother of the devil was now dead.' Three or four men who lived near the place, and who had been aroused by the noise, witnessed this fearful proceeding. She lay there insensible, and he sat down in the street a little way from her. Hearing her moan, he stood up and went over and struck her five or six violent blows with his clenched fist on the head as it lay on the curbstone, repeating the above expressions and some Latin words."— Tyrawly Herald. Laying the Ghost.—Formerly all the world believed in ghosts, and even now faith in these "bodi- less creations" extends beyond the precincts of the nursery. From time to time the public mind has been excited by rumours of the appearance of these mysterious visitants during the hours of darkness in a blood-stained mansion, in a yawning churchyard, or on a " blasted heath." And occasionally they have obtruded their supposed " incorporeal essence" upon the inhabitants of populous villages and towns. The famous Cock-lane ghost was a notorious example of such impertinence. It has, however, been clearly proved that all these creations were neither " bodi- less" nor " incorporeal," and that they were nothing more than mischievous flesh and blood realities. But, what shall we say of the ghost which now regu- larly presents himself before large and bewildered audiences in Regent-street, by day as well as by night? Was there ever ghost like this? He has recently been purchased is propria persona, or in duplicate, by a distinguished theatrical manager. He is an admirable specimen of an unmistakable, most truly unsubstantial ghost. You may apparently walk through him, yet without in the least disturbing his composure. What is he? Let us see. He is nothing more than the reflected image of a brightly illuminated object, living or dead, from the surface of a flat piece of glass. The lights are lowered, and the spectators are in comparative darkness. The curtain is drawn and discloses a dimly-illuminated chamber called a study, and there you behold the student, a living man, walking to and fro. This person is actually behind a large sheet of plate glass, not larger indeed than is to be seen in many a shop window. The object to be ghostified is concealed in front of the glass, and is brilliantly illuminated, by the well- known lime light. In accordance with the law of optics, the image of the object is reflected from the glass to the spectators, so as to seem to them as far behind the glass as it is in reality in front of it; and they, owing to the obscurity of the chamber, are unable to detect the source of the illusion. The arrangement is ingenious, and does credit to the Institution where the exhibition takes place. Philo- sophers of high distinction attempt to explain the illusion by the use of the concave mirror, and the reflection therefrom of an image upon floating dust or vapour in the air. Let me add, our ghost, it is reported, is protected by a patent. Fancy a patent ghost. What next? Ship on Fire. — ln the dense smoke that prevailed, excluding every object from view, the glorious old Mississippi went ashore right opposite the centre and worst battery. She now became a standing target for the whole range of the batteries of Port Hudson. Finding it impossible to escape, Captain Smith give orders to set the ship on fire, to prevent her falling into the hands of the rebels. Accordingly her after part was fired, the rebels all the time continuing to pour in their shot and shell as fast as they could bring their guns to bear. The artillery practice would have been worthy of a better cause. The Mississippi was riddled through and through. Four men were known to have been killed ere the ship was aban- doned. Several were known to have jumped over- board soon after the ship was set on fire, and there can be no doubt that some of them were drowned. There was a favourite spaniel on board which suc- ceeded in swimming to the shore. This dog was greatly excited during the heat of the engagement, and, as the shells exploded, he ran at them, barking furiously, even following as near as possible those which exploded in the water. Soon after the vessel had been fired two shells came crashing through her, exploding, and setting fire to some turpentine and oil which they upset. The ship was then at once abandoned, and burned till she became lightened, to which the removal of nearly 303 men contributed, when she swung off into deep water, presenting her head down the river. Presently it was reported on board the Richmond that she was coming down, and we all turned out on the poop deck to see the sight. It was a most magnificent spectacle. From the mid- ships to the stern the noble vessel was enveloped in a sheet of flame, while fire wreaths ran up the shrouds, playing around the mainmast, twisted and writhed like fiery serpents. Onward she came, keeping near to the right bank, still bow foremost, as regularly as if she was steered by a pilot. It was, indeed, a won- derful sight. Captain Smith, her recent com- mander, and several of her officers, who had by this time arrived on board the Richmond, assembled on the poop deck — their emotion almost too great for words. Next to his wife, children, or sweet- heart, there is nothing that a sailor loves more than his ship — nothing that he regrets the loss of so much; and, in the absence of the above- named domestic ties, his ship is to him wife, child, and sweetheart; the feeling of regret at the loss of his ship is enhanced when, as in the case of the Mississippi, the gallant craft has achieved historical renown. No wonder, then, that the officers of the Mississippi should feel a sinking at the heart on witnessing the destruction of their floating home, while they were powerless to save her. As she arrived opposite the port side of the Richmond some apprehesion was entertained that her port broadside might give us a parting salute of not a very agreeable nature. Captain Smith assured Captain Alden, however, that her port guns had been all discharged. Just as she had cleared us her starboard guns began to go off. This was accom- panied by the explosion of the shells she had on deck ready for use. These exploded at short intervals. The flames now began to increase in volume from amidships to the stern, and the howitzer on the maintop was discharged with the heat. Majestically the gallant craft - gallant even in its last moments—moved down the stream till, turning the bend at the lower part of Prophet Island, she was hidden from our view, and nothing more was seen but a bright glare shooting up sky- ward. Shell after shell still exploded at intervals, and thus a couple of hours passed away till the Mis- sissippi was some eight or ten miles below the Rich- mond. The shells now began to explode more rapidly, indicating that the fire had reached the shellroom, and cannot be far from the powder magazine. This proves to be the fact, for presently a sudden glare of bright flame shoots upwards towards the zenith, spreading skyward in the form of an inverted cone. An interval of a few seconds elapse, then comes a stunning roar, causing the Richmond to tremble from truck to keelson, and the gallant Mississippi that so long has "braved the battle and the breeze" is no more ; all that remains of her is sunk in the bosom of the mighty river from which she derived her name. — New York Paper. Important Experiments in Sheepr Feeding. — The members of the Partington Tenant Farmers' club have just concluded their second experiment in winter feeding several classes of shearing sheep, for the purpose of ascertaining, with an equal or given quantity of food, the class most profitably adapted to their locality. It may be remembered that in the summer grazing the farmers tested with 12 sheep of each class, but in the winter feeding they selected six out of each class, and only tested with that number. To do away with the objection of inequality in condition lambs were bought; wintered, summer grazed, and then winter fed. The tables previously published of the experiments in the pre- ceding years showed the increase of the Shropshire Down over the other classes. The experiment this last winter was carried out by close folding upon swarth, and though the ground was changed they all showed lameness, but the Shropshire the more so. The trial was between the 18th October, 1862, and the 18th March, 1663; and within this period the Shropshires had gained 7st. 8lb., the Lincolns 17st. 3lb., the Leicesters 10st. 1lb., and the North sheep 21st. 12lb. The following table supplies other important particulars:— (no table) Mt. Thomas J. Fox, the gentleman who has tabulated the returns, holds to the opinion that the mutton of the Shropshire Down, with its increased wool, bears its own testimony, and will force its way with think- ing men. The propensity of the North sheep to feed upon turnip is fully borne out in the above statement, whilst the excess of wool in the improved Lincoln, with it's greater proportion of flesh to that of the very pure Leicester, shows it to be an animal of increasing repute. The reporter of the experiment adds:— Living close upon the manufacturing town of Leeds, we observe a change in the taste of the operative from that of excessive fat meat to one of a less waste- ful and more fleshy description. Combining this fact with the results of these experiments may in some measure have modified our views, and led to a more critical support of others, concluding that the cultivation of an animal of little muscle, but entirely given to the laying on of fat, and consequently less wool, may not to ourselves be the most profitable.— Manchester Examiner. " AsEIKG A. QUBSnOB* 15 THS HotTBB OF CoiOlOKS.—We often hear hon. members "i^qaM. ! (zoos'* of the Government, and it is generally anwantood that in ?o denne an hon. member may briefly state h? reasons for patting the question, bat that be may not go into argument. On the 23rd of April Mr. Raetack, without notice, *? asked a qnesdon*' of Lord Pkhaeraton, acd made "a few observations," which are than reported in the Times. We consider saeh a method as this of "asking a question" is not only exceedingly incon venient, bat grossly nn&tr; to those who mifrht wish to reply, bat are precluded from doing m by the rules of the House-.—"Conduct of Admiral WOkes.—Ur. Roe. back —I hare not given notice of a motion, bat I tore ft question wiiich, according to notice, I wish to pat to the oobte lard. It refers to matters oow tzuitu? <n in the West Inditn waters, and very nsorly asTeclaag fngli.Mi trade. (Hear, hear.) I allude to the proceedings of a* Admiral in the United States' service with respect to English mercha-ii shipping going from an English port to a neutral port. (Hear, hear.) I wish to preface my question with one or two observations, bat I will not occupy die time of the House very long. (Hea?, hear ) Mr. Knisbtlev roe? amid some coniksian to pat it to the Speaker whether the hon and learned number mi not infringing the rales of the HOO9O. <Cries of *Go on," addressed to Mr. Roebuck, fallowed this intarraptinn.) Lord Pa'meratoo interposed. He ?iid—May fbe jost allowed to answer my hon. and learned fnenaTa warn tion? (i*ra4 laughter.) Mr. Boebock -I know the noble lord is an older man than I am, but stffl, older as he is, hasrSlnot take me in in that way. (Alaagfa.) I wish to make a few observations before I pat the question to the noble lord. The question relates to the conduct of Admiral Wakes. £ir. when t? American war broke oat 1 may sty the large majority of the English peopl? Celt a shock of opinion in regard to the Quarrel between the various St?'es of America. (Hear, hear.) 1 may raj for myself tint that Aotkwuat a very strong character, for all my early notions were that in Amnrjna a great experiment was being made m government, vl thought they had entered on that expe riment in a way that m?nln?n* had oarer done before, and that fortune would prevail in their favowr, for they were worthy of governing themselves. When the news came, and that great experiment was at aa end—for it is at ari end—<hear, hear)—my heirt Culed me, for tUen I was compelled to acknowledge that men, under the most favourable circumstances, had proved them selves unworthy of governing themselves. Unit was my feeling at that time, and my feeling was in favor of the North. Time treat on, awl their whole conduct was snefa as proved them not only unfit fur the jrovarnmeot of themselves, bat unfit for the courtesies and die com munity of the civilised world, ('oh, oh,'anicheers.) Oh! yes, Sir. I know there are degenrate EngtishKen— <cheera) —who take the part of the North against tbeir own country—(cheers)—*md whenever matters came into collision between America and kngtand their voice is raised on the side of America, (Cheers, and 'oh, oh.') I can perfectly understand—l am very glad to find that what I say touches the hon. gentlemen opposite. It appears that the question of which I have given notice creates a great sensation among diem. (Hear, hear.', Well, Sir. the conduct of the North American dis-United States has been each as is humiliating to the people of England. (Cheers.) The noble lord has sliown himself hitherto a friend of the honor, the dignity, and. the prosperity of EngUntL He never showed that more than in his conduct at the head of the Administration in the circumstances connected with the Trent. (Cheers.) We have been subject to every epocies of violent langu-ge—(cheers)—not of insinuation, bat of accasa'ion. We were threatened with war, and King Cotton was to cru-h as; he has tried his power, au'l Kinr Cotton has fiu'ei. We re sented aa act iosolent and ova-bearing; we called them to ac.ouat, ?nd they truckle 4 in their answer. (Oheers ) Another outrage has taken place, and by the same man who perpetrated the in u t offered to our fl-?g in the case of the Trent. A vessel leaves the English shore; the h'n member for Lonloo, opp isite (Mr. Crawford), stye he has seen her papers, and they are perfectly harmless. She was bound to a neuTal port. (Cheers) She waa seised by an American mm-of-war, taken into en American port, and the expectations of the English merchant in his honoraM* trade have been utterly destroyed by the conduct of the American Government, [ eay that conduct of the American Government yon ought to resent. (Ctieere.) B'lt no.only w e the done ; there w re {lersons calling themselves English merchants wlio applied to too <aeri an Minister for a permit to allow their ship to proceed in safety to its destination. That permit is gran-^, and why i Because that ship carrieJ oat arms to tha Mericaos to be ased against our ally, Prance. (Cheere.) Since then other men cutting tbemselyes Kn?iish merchants have applied to the authority f.<r the suns pornitt. They have been refused, b.canse they are Englishmen, and because they are not carrying arms to aid the Mexicans in die war, though they were trading to the same port. (Cheers ) The permit, [ repeat, was refuel, ani nov I must say that Mr. Adams, the Americas Minister, is the Minuter for Commerce in l^ugland. Loud cheers.) Sir, I would put it 10 the noble lord, the man who has hitherto shown himself alive to the di^uity and honor of England, 1 would ask him waether the Government <>f which ho is the head, has e tme to any determination in this matter, and if they have, whether he is able to tell I'atlia'jient what tha". Aetermination i-i. Bir, I know the Ctraseqoences cf the action ha may take, tt may lead to war, and L epeairug here for the tujgUsb people, am prepared for war. (Ural ch ?r?, and "Oh ? oli!") 1 know that language will strike the heart of the peace party in this caantry, but it will also strike the* hearts of the insolent people who govern America.; and we shall hard j-.ajc dona to the honor and dignity of Borland, and the commerce of Uu? country will no longer he subject to the sneering inso'.enc3 of an npoart nee. (Cheers ) Th? question I have to ask tha noble lorj is. wiieth'r the Goverament of which he is the bead have formed any determination with regard to the c in duct of Admiral Wilkes, whether tbey have addressed any r?noaBtra?C3 to the American Oorermoeot, and whether he it prep trod now to state tha eour*e tbe tio venment hive diterminel to pur ue. (Ueirheu-) Viscount Pdiiuerston—Tbe Houie wnl hxra seen ani understood from what has fallen from my hon. and learned friend thit the matter to which his question j relates is one of the greatest possible iaap^Ttaoce. All j I fan say is that it i* receiving doe conejderatian on th-3 l>artof Her Majisy's tiovemmmt, but I am not pre pare 1 at present to rt?te wh it result Her Hajeat|'? Oo wrnm ?at may gome to. (Cheenj" i aUra. ahire. stain. Hart*. ?t Ib. at Ib. at Ib. at. Id. rdghtofuttou _ tt 6 s? ? H4 tr ? „ wool - . ill) 4 U 30 SI .. uiiow _ t 3 en eu cu „ p?it>. . in t ? ee c? .. turnips otenllM ? U05 ? UU ? lffl ? ,. linseed cake 18 3 _ as I IBS 21 1? [atton gained during tile time of winter feeding upon tnruips Ox- tb. tb. Ib. udtaike _ _ 87 1U ?1 U7 Toet on mottoa and ?tool, oh.nriiic the rebtive raloe tbe eevenl clanes bear £ a. d. £ a. d. £ a. d. tooetaotiur-. _ -!>?? *??}iu?) 