CLEVELAND REGATTA. This event was advertised to take place on Saturday last; and shortly aftur 6 o'clock on that morning the steamer Settler cast off from Raff's wharf and proceeded down the river on her way to Cleveland, she having been engaged to act as flag-ship on her arrival there. She reached Cleveland Point soon after 10 o'clock, and cast anchor at some two hundred yard's distance from the jetty. A line was then run out from the port bow, to act as a mooring for the sailing boats, and boats of various descriptions were sailing about waiting for the arrival of the committee in order to commence the races. Between 12 and 1 o'clock the committee arrived in the steamer Diamond, and up to that time Mr. Bigge, who is a resident of Cleveland, ap- peared to be the only member present. The weather was all that could be desired for yachting, there being a fresh south- easterly breeze and a cloudy sky, which, although threatening rain at times, added very much to the comfort of the pleasure- seekers by protecting them from the scorching heat of the sun. The Diamond on her arrival went alongside the jetty, and landed the members of the committee, and also a number of ladies and gentlemen, the guests of Mr Hart, who had engaged the steamer for the day. One o'clock came, and still tbere were no signs of boats taking up their stations at the mooring line, preparatory to a start, and in- quiries as to when the races were to com- mence were frequently reiterated. By-and- bye we learned that a sailing match was then running, and on further inquiry we were in- formed that it was the first race on the pro- gramme, and that it had been started from the jetty instead of the flag-ship, as it should have been. The course was altered in other respects, and the one sailed over in this race was as follows:—To start from Cleveland jetty, and proceed round a boat moored off the north-west end of Peel Island, thence round Sandy Island and back to the jetty. The first prizo wus £16*. and tbe second £1, to bo com- peted foi- by all opun boats not exceeding 21 foot on tho kool. Three boats only started out nf fie-o onterod, mid they came in tbo fol- lowing order:? Petrel, T. Winship .;. 1 Sou I, I. Miirktvi-ll. . 2 '"liiiningo, W. V. Brown . 0 Tho Scud and Flamingo started togetbor, but tho Petrel was so long in following thurn as to mubo it quito a mutter of doubt as to whether she was racing nt nil. Wo may re- mark that tho course ivns badly chosen, inas- much that it wus too long, and at thu moro distant parts ona boat could not ba distin- guished from another, oven with tba aid of a glass. Tho second raco for nil whaloboats pulled by blacks did not take place. Tullin Uaoi:?Fen-all sailing boats trading in or about tho bay, including lighters, coral boats, Ssc. Time loi-toniiugu, haifa minute por ton. The courso for this race nlso was altered, and that sailed over wus ns follows :?From the moorings nfl'Clovoland jetty round a boat off Captain Hope's Point, tbonco round thu boat off thu north-west cud ol' Peel Island round Sundy Island and back to tho jutty. Tho prizo was £20 with a second prize of JES.- The four ketches started as follows :? "trihi Wave, A Harwood ... . 1 I'jxcliutigt1, john Leivis. 2 Hamlet's Ohiist, T. William . 0 Perseverance, J. Wright . 0 A protest hud been ontorod against tho Hamlet's Ghost on tba ground that she lind never traded in tbo buy or river. She started with the others and Went ovor a portion of the course, and than stood up for Brisbane Thu Porsevorancu belied ber natue, and gave up before shu bael sailed ovor half tho course. Tho Exchange took the ground whilo round- ing Sundy Island, nnd was compelled to wait for tho tido to riso boforo sho could get oft*. Fourth Rack.? Forall first-classsnilingboats. Time for tonnage half a miniito pur ton. Courso, samo as first racu. Prizo, £20; second prizo, £5. For this throe boats stnrtod out of tbo oight ontered. Whirlwind, E. n. Wobb . 1 Frolic, 1>\ li llii'go . . 2 .Messenger, T. M'Bride . 0 Thu Frolic split bur jib shortly previous to rounding Sandy Island ; and tho Mussoiigor gave up whon about half round tho courso, finding that shu had no chance. Fifth Race?For nil Ship's Gigs or boats classed ns such (including Water Polico. Custom Hnuso, or othor Govornmont boats), pulling fivo oars. Course?From Flngsliip, round Sandy Island and back to Flagship. Prizo,£lO ; second prize, £2 10s. Entrance, 12s. (id. Tost entrance. To sturt nt half-past 2 p m. This nico had not stnrtod at tho timo tho Settlor left Clovoland for Brisbane, and wo wore unable to learn any particulars concern- ing it. Notwithstanding tho failure of tho Rognttn, tho day was most agreeably spent so far ns tho trip to tho "Bay wus cimcoriiud. The largo expnnso of water extending between Ibu islands and tho mainland bad a most in- teresting and lively appearance. Thero woro no loss than five steamers .it anchor off Cleveland Point during tho greater part of tho day, besides a largo numbor ol' smallor ornft, which studded thu Bay boro and thoro as they sailed about, anti added much to tho natural bounties of tho scene. The first stonmor to start for Brisbane was the Ipswich, soon aftor followed hythe Settler, thou tbo Bromor, nnd lastly tho Diamond. Tho Premier nlso was nt Cleveland, but pro coodud to tho cotton plantation on Nurung Creek. That the regatta at Clovoland was a failure is a fact patent tn nil who witnessed it, and, us far ns cnn bu judged from outward appear- ances, its want nf success arose chiefly, il'not solely, from iiiism.iiiaguiiiuiit on the part of thu ciiiumittuu. With thu exception ol' tbe Hon. F. E. Bigge, tho -.numbers of tho com- mittee went ashore at Cluvelaud Point, m.il, us a rule, did not scum to take tim slightest interest in the regatta. Tho gentleman who evus appointed starter did not inuku his ap- pearance, and Jlr. I'iggo acted in bis place. Thu dulny in tho bugiiiiiing ol'the day caused by thu nbsenco rf tho uniiitiiiltcc prevented many bouts from running which would other- wise have done so, uriel thu want ed proper iirriirigouiouts for giving notice preparatory to stinting tho races prevented tho public f.-oling that interest that they evoiild have felt could they have known when ibo boats wuro about to stint, 