HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. The following account of the confirmation and : - first communion of, the -King and Queen of the : Hawaiian Islands, is taken from the Polynesian,-, and will doubtless be found very interesting to many of our readers :— , At half- past ten on the morning of the 28th of November, a procession left the vestry and entered the church m order, first,- Major Hoopili, Chief, and Aide-de-camp to the King, surpiiced, bearing tbe banner of the Diocese of Honolulu ; next, the choir, composed of natives, and also surpiiced, walking two and two; then ' the Clergy, the Revds. E. Ibbotson, W.R.' ;Scott and G. Mason, surpiiced and with white stoles, and lastly the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in alb and rochet, preceded by ? bi» pastoral staff. Their Majesties the King and ' Queen were by tbis time arrived at tbe west door of tbe church, whither tbe Bishop, attended by one of his chaplains, immediately proceeded, and greeted tbem, kneeling, with the Apostolic Salu tation and Benediction. The King and Queen, preceded by tbe Bishop, entered the cburch and took the places allotted to them, and tbe services of the day commenced. : ' The Litany, in tbe Hawaiian language, exi quisitely sung by tbe Rev. E. Ibbotson, was first chanted ; the responses with thrilling effect being rendered by the choir and general congregation.: ' Tbe first part was harmonised to Tallis's re sponses, the remainder was in plain song. The : densely crowded congregation seemed deeply - moved by the beauty and devotional character of tbe service. ???-? The Litany ended, the Bishop, attended by his clergy and the choir, returned to the vestry, ? to vest for the great rite of the day. In a few moments a chant was again heard, and the pro- ' cession having re formed, issued from the vestry : by tbe north door, and went down Kukui-streer, chanting tbe processional psalm, ' tbe Heavens ? declare the glory of God,' being the 19th Psalm, sung to the Gregorian third tone, second ending. As tiie cadences died away in the d stance, or were faintly heard in the. church as the process sion moved by it or gradually approached, and -'? then .swelled into a grand united burst of adoration, the effect was thrilling in tbe extreme. ' The procession re-entered the church by the ? west door, outside which the military were drawn up, presented arms and saluted the Bisbop, and ; clergy. Passed into the church and the choir having filed off into their respective places, tbe processional Psalm closed, tbe Bishop ascended the steps of the altar, vested in alb and cope, \ mitred, with episcopal ring, &c;, the pastoral staff on his north, and the banner of tbe diocese : on his south, the three priests being on the steps behind. The King and Queen then rose, and, attended by their witnesses, his Excellency the Honourable Mr. Wyllie and tbe Honourable Judge Allen, Chancellor of the Kingdom, drew towards the altar, and, bumble reverence madp, knelt and awaited the commencement of the confirmation office. The chaplain, the Rev. G. Mason, baving read the preface, the Bisbop put tbe question to the candidates. The answers made and tbe suffrages said, the prayer invoking confirmation by tbe Holy Ghost and the special confirming graces of the' Spirit, was said by the ' Bishop, and he called upon all present to unite in silent prayer to the Almighty to bless those then about to be confirmed. With one accord j all present fell upon their knees, silence that mia;ht be felt ensued, and never, we are certain, did prayers more fervent or more loving ascend for a sovereign's sake, than rose from heart after heart, in that vast multitude, inside and outside the sacred building, for their beloved King and Queen. ' All one in Christ Jesus'— -never was this priceless truth more thoroughly realised. King and Queen meekly kneeling at tbe throne of mercy to seek divine help from the King ? (tf kings— tbe bond of union was complete —and in the deep emotion of the prostrate* ? sovereigns not a few of their subjects shared. Entranced as tbe people had been before at the teep solemnity of the plaintive song, subdued to ?- heartfelt sympathy, to earnest devotion of love, vere they now at the unheard outpouring of the ' soul for blessings upon their sovereigns. The secret prayer ended, the wonderful bymn « Veni Creator Spiritus' was sung to the ancient melody .with, a majesty and; pathos that visibly affected most present. Then followed the prayer; 'De- fend, ,0 Lord, this thy servant,' with the impos ?ition of hands, and the act of Confirmation was complete. Again a breathless silence, while prayers in secret again ascended that these two bended suppliants, that moment sanctified, might ?indeed ' continue Thine for ever.' The silence was broken by the solemn voice of the Bishop teaching the multitude and adjuring the newly dedicated. Few were the words, but not a heart that must not have felt them. Then the loving salutation, ' The Lord be with you,' and the re sponse like a clap of thunder, 'And with thy spirit.' The Lord's Prayer, joined in by a thousand voices, rose to the Common Father of us all, the two concluding Collects (or Fatherly , guidance and everlasting protection followed, and a hymn was again sung; but not this, time of adoration simply, or supplication for gifts, but one soul- stirring burst of exulting praise rolled up to God ; the grand Old Hundredth Psalm, in its most ancient words, and to the old majestic tune, swelled through the house of God, and was echoed in the ; streets outside till literally it was lost as it rose heavenward. The final awtul benediction 'The blessing of God Almighty, tbe Father, tbe Son, and the Holy Ghost, be upon you and remain with you for ever,' and the great Amen, and the service was ended. Never was a religious rite more impressing, more solemnly celebrated than this; never did the inherent '? beauty of holiness' of the Church's ritual shine lovelier or more conspicuous. Bishops and priests correctly vested, the acces sories of, banner and pastoral staff — emblematic of tbe soldier's duty and the shepherd's care, tbe altar and all its appurtenances bright and fragrant with the choicest flowers — everything was comely and meet for the festive service. Tbe meek worship of the candidates, the unmistakable look of loyalty and love, the fervent, the tearful prayers of the people, the awful moment of selfdedica tion and divine confirmation, the jubilant thanks giving of the natives, all combined to make the act a united one, to invest with dignity the great mystery engaged in, and even to signalise the National Holiday in a way never to be forgotten. Besides the two Royal personages, candidates for the confirmation, there were present of the Court and Diplomatic corps — Her R. H. the Princess Victoria, the Queen DowRger, His Excellency tbe Governor of Oahu, Her Excellency the Governess of Hawaii, the Hon. Mrs. Rnoke, Bnrt Mr. J. Y. Davis, of the Royal Family'; and Of the Court, by the Chancellor of the kingdom, Cniet Justice Allen, and Mrs. Allen. His Excellency Mr. Wyllie, His Excellency W. W. F. Synge, H B. M. Commissioner and lady, the Hohorables G. M. Robertson, C. R. Bishop, John Ij, and their ladies, the Hon. Mrs. Haalelea, Miss E. K. Laanui and others. In the evening: a crowded congregation, chiefly native, attended by the King and Queen, besides many foreigners, including some of the Cabinet Ministers and the foreign Commissioner, again thronged the church, 'when a solemn service in Hawaiian was celebrated by the Revs. E. Ibbertson and W. R. Scott, and the benediction given by the Bishop ; the grand ceremonial of the memorable day being closed by a Te Deum, chanted by the Bishop, Priests, and choir in procession, and joined in by the rejoicing congre gation. On the' Sunday following, being Advent Sun day, and the Festival of St. Andrew, the services of the Church were made more than ordinarily solemn, by their Majesties the King and Queen receiving their First communion. The altar, vested in violet, and the stoles of the Bishop and clergy of the same mournful colour, reminded all of the solemn season that day had entered upon. An early celebration, at which the Revs. E. Ibbetson and G. Mason officiated, at half-past 7, prepared the way for a confirmation at half- past eight when bis Excellency Mr. Wyllie, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Hon. Judge Robertson, and the Hon. the Attorney- General were confirmed, the Bishop being served by the Rev. W. R. Scott. After the Hawaiian service at half-past nine at whch the JRev. E, Ibbitson preached in the Hawaiian language, the Church became crowded to overflowing, vast numbers remaining in the streets outside, to bear and see at least something of the great service of the day. After tbe Litany, chanted by Rsv. E. Ibbitson, and a sermon by Rev. W. R. Scott, on the sub ject of tbe Eucharist, from the words, ' How great is His goodness, and bow great is His beauty. Corn shall make tbe young men cheerful and new wine the maids,' the Bishop retired to vest and re-entered, attended by the He vs. G. Mason and E. Ibbitson, vested in alb, chasuble, &c.; The introit was beautifully sung being the Eucharistic hymn, 'Sing we that Blest Body broken,' sung to Palestrina. The Bishop then commenced the sacred office : the Gospeller being Revd. W. R. Scott and the Epistoler Revd. G. Mason. After the prayer of consecration, the hymn, to Troyte's chant No. 1, ' Thee we adore, 0 Hidden Saviour, Thee,' was sung so sweetly and so devotionally, as to make a marked impres sion upon tbe worshippers. The Bishop and Priest having communicated, tbe King and Queen, meekly kneeling before the altar, received their first communion, and no one present but felt the awe of the moment, and offered a fervent prayer to the Almighty, as from tbe Paton, at the hands of the Bishop, and from the Chalice, at tbe hands of his Server, Revd. Mr. Scott, tbe King and Queen of earth partook in soul of that sacra mental food, the gift of the humble, houseless carpenter's Son of Bethlehem, King of kings, and Lord of lords. The others communicated, the prayer and praise offered, the ' Gloria in Excelcis' sung, tbe benediction given, and the; ommunipn, the perfection of Confirmation, was completed, and the King and Queen became in! full communion with that Church, the Church of their deliberate adoption, as it had been sought as the Church of their choice by their predecessors or many a disapointed year. 