THE CHINESE IN MELBOURNE. . ?...?:'?;,: ??' -.' No. II.-.: \\- /-?'' ?; : ' Owing .'to the., sectimal division existing amongst the .different--' tribea'-af. ??Chinese in this colony— a ... division '??very similar to ; -that -which takes place in -.our ! own countrymen; between North Country, Suf folk and Cornish- men, or between men of even ad- ? joining . counties resident in a strange place, the Chinese? on' Emerald Hill have comparatively little intercourse with .-those in 'Melbourne. ; They would probably' have - much less, but that' the erection pf ? a ? place '.'of worship on Emerald Hill— built in the ' good, .times,' when money was more plentiful than , ? in these degenerate days; the requirements of trade, , .;:?. '? and.the external pressure.of ? the ' outer barbarians,' . .amongst whom they reside, combine to ieep up a certain, -amount, of .union between theiri;- ;It has already^ 'been stated ; that the -Chinese resi , . . dents, on Emerald Hill, ..' numbered, ithirfcy- two in the yearj,1861. ,- Their, . usual average number is still about the same, -distaibuted in the fdllp\ying manner : Five; oi'six of theSee-Yup tribe in.the neighbor hood of Clarendon street, .engaged in carpentering ; .. about. double that numberengaged in the manufac ture of preserves arid preserved fish ; seven or eight of the -Hong-Shan tribe, living near, the. St.Kilda. beach, . , engaged 'in. hawlring fish -in St. .'.Kilda, Prahran and Brighton; the remainder as lodging house^ keepers; . &c.; . In connection with the fish curerson Emerald Hill, there are also, about thirty Chinese engaged in the Port Fairy district, fishing with 'two-decked boats, the property of an English man, .who receives for the use of them one-third of ... the produce ;; when: landed. The most remark able * feature of Chinese, life on Emerald Hill ia undoubtedly the religious phase of it, presented in connection with the ' Chinese place of worship -there.,: ' As a description thereof requires a somewhat! extended reference to Chinese theology in general, it may be conveniently deferred ; until we have glanced at. the .general characteristics of the; Chinese on the gold-fields,'f6r whom the Clxinese in Melbourne ai'e but . caterers. . .-'??',',,: . In, times now past away; the influx of Chinese to this : colony, ' by way of Hpbsoh's Bay, was large' ;aiid continuous. A Victorian poll-tax stopped the road, and; forthwith intelligent . Celestials might be seen, to the number, of five: oiv six' hundred at . a time, wending;. their tortuous; way,' Indian' file,-, in., lines several miles, in ; lengthy f rbm,,' the : nearest; convenient; seaport towns of South Australia or New South Wales; At that time ''the JJhinese on .the/' gold-fields were compelled to reside in camps, under the control ? of Chinese ' inspectors, who ? enforced cleanliness and 'order. A ;veiy diftereht state of things preyails now. By tlie necessity of- tne case -the Chinese stills dwell in separate ^ ; camps ; but Chinese inspectors have been dispensed with, and the con'ditiori of the camps'has, in consequence, very greatly : deteriorated. ; Instead: pf.: each Chinaman being' compelled :as 'formerly ,?: to set tip'his tent at a regulation distance from any other tent, with proper thoroughfares between, and to sweep the neighbor hood of , it, they are ; now herded together almost in contact, with' pigsties (which the Celestials' regard with the same' degree of affection as ar European would :an. aviary), in the immediate neighborhood, of the Gamp1,1 or 'absolutely within it, and an accumula tion of filth, which may not only be '' nosed 'in the lobby,' but at considerable distance from the camp. It is.. only; :right to say; that some 'camps (probably of the better ;': class of Chinese) are an 'exception to this rule, and here the ourreritj'pf .their daily life flows on apart from, and in ma.ny respects strongly contrasting with the current1 of European life which flows side by .side, but never mingling- with it. . Industrious and con tented 'with a very small return for then1 labor, the occupants club together in messes of from three to a dozen? A general yabber,, shortly after .dawn, an nounces that they are early risers, and preparing for the labor of the day by an attention to the inner man— thai, is, to . say the inner' Chinese man, -which is, generally speaking less exi-. gent in , its demands than the inner Euro pean.' The majority . of them have to content . themselves with a little rice and tea, with or without a (very), small piece of pork- or a little salt fish— unless^irideedj'they have had a run of luck, or the (Celestial) gods propitious, , have led their wander ing footsteps into the immediate neighborhood of an European hen-roost, or Into the tract of some stray pig or other four-footed beast, -when 'they, eat and return thaiiks, ''thinking nothing common or un clean' that is capable of. distending the alimentary \- canal. '.Doubtless they are not all so indifferent to the essential difference between meum and tnum, or ho pinched iii their resources. At, home they have been, very 'generally educated ,in' a manner highly moral, and, on Bollaarat, many of them are wealthy.ibut the majority of them do not consider it any crime to' spoil the Egyptian,' arid they are also very indigent—two pressing reasons for peculation. Trudging off in parties, each with an ' entire raining plant '' slung on a pole across his shoulders', they ? riddle and ransack over again land that has been abandoned by European miners, seldom breaking new .ground themselves. At midday they get dinner, if they can aftbrd it;, and at dusk they trudge borne, and wind up tho day in camp, in much the same way as they commenced it: chatter to gether for an hour or two, road books ? (chiefly song books of, an amorous character), or sirig amorous songs, alternating with comic and ridiculous delinea tions of their European neighbors (in the construc tion of which they are both apt and witty) ; and about nine or ten o'clock are all fast asleep, with tho exception of a few, who, having boon particu larly hicky or particularly unlucky in their mining advontures, are gambling away every shred of property they possess ; as a finale to a run of bad luck, flinging on the table the title deeds of soine property, where the banker sits, with gloat ing eyes, watching his pile of ill-gottpn wealth, and marking, with ill-suppressed eagerness, ,each fresh turn of the ' wheel of fortune,' each fresh throw of the dice, or roll of . the circular domino or fluted column, which is to strip his victim of his property, .and perhaps rob him of his life'; for,:: much-enduring as the Chinese are in other respects,, they are ihany of them perfect stoics in regard to suicide, which they think a remedy for all ills, and cottipensation for all losses. Their life is a tolerably hard one. Their rations cost- them six or seven shillings a week ? Very often their earnings 'are but little more. Nevertheless, they -, generally manage (unless gamblers or opium smokers) to keep saving a little. ; Their accommodation ;at night is scant enough.. : They have a couple of mats to lie . on, . and a quilt of several thisknesses to ; cover, them. ? In ? the event of their being dis turbed by the police, they are seldom found un , dressed. The better to-do classes are an 'exception. They adopt European blankets, and European habits, and appear, to thrive all the better for the .change. In this country the Chinese observe the Christian Sabbath for two reasons — they are afraid of Itheiaw, arid of the miners, who are jealous of their approach to anything in the shape of washing stuff, or working' payable ground on that day. In China the inhabitants work all the days of the year, excepting festivals, which, omitting that of the new year, are not very plentiful or lengthened. On be coming sick in camp they apply to native doctors if such can be found, placing almost implicit faith in their mixed, quackery, superstition, and empiricism. It isno wonder, therefore, that under these circum stances whilst they gerierally enjoy pretty good health, soine of them excessively iridulgentiri every respect, arid very dirtyiin their habits, acquire loath some and constitutional disorders, and die prema turely in very great misery. ? .-'?' - One of the most important topics connected with, the Chinese in any. country: but. their, own, is .the administration of justice among them. So far as justice amongst themselves 'is concerned, they are tP a considerable -.extent; provided' by internal organization. Debts 'and' -matters r,df dispute are very generally decided amongst themselves by the action of ' Courts of Arbitration,'! .or ' Reconcilia-: tion,' called together by the aggrieved or contending parties, who summon the head inanofihetribe or such influential' persons as they have confidence in,, to examine witnesses and decide between them. These meet, and having heard both sides, of the case, and taken the opinion-- of those about them, make their award. If the disputants do not like the award, or the case is of a criminal nature, the dis satisfied or protesting party, carries it into -the ordinary law courts of the colony, where, to use- the expression of: an English detective, many years engaged in looking after the Chinese in Victoria, 'the witnesses are by no means particular what they say, and tho party who protests is sure to get into it.' To use the expression, of one, of them selves, ' the arbitrators are ready to give evidence against them — that is to say (correcting himself) y .in form the English Court that, having examined into the case, they came to such and such a decision.' There is reason to believe that, in many cases, the protesting party meets with very hai-d swearing and very little justice from the witnesses, who make a case against him, as a punishment for- his contumacy or contempt of court in appealing against the de cision of his superiors in the Chinese court, which is probably of a more f onnal and less special and impromptu character than by themselves alleged. There is the more reason to believe this to be. the case, because the Chinese have a regular organiza tion by which those who owe debts to Chinese mer chants in the colony, neglect to pay their contribution money to the Chinese place of worship on Emerald Hill, or : otherwise render themselves obnoxious, to the 'headmen' in Melbourne, can bi prevented from leaving the colony in any of the ships chartered by Chinese merchants for the purpose of conveying them to their native land. There are two headmen in Melbourne to, whom the descriptions of all de iaurcing vjiiiniiuieu are suppueu. vy uuo up-uouuir storekeepers, for this purpose ; and who take a large part in managing affairs, and conducting courts of 'arbitration for their countrymen. There is also, a headman at Castlemoine, said to be maintained by general subscriptions, and empowered to summon witnesses from all parts, try cases, and fine: delin quents. In connection with the English courts of jiisticOj there is at the present time in Melbourne, a Chinese detective, who has been exceedingly useful in tracking Chinose criminals, and bringing them to justice. But very little inquiry will render manifest the fact that he con do little without tho assistance, or contrary to the wishes of, the more in fluential of his f ellow-countrymen, ' who can, in fact, shelter or give up criminals, and protect nefarious or illicit practices on tho part of Chinese merchants as they think proper. There are other difficulties in the way of justice being administered to them by Euro pean courts. They are adepts at dissimulation and artifice, and their .powers of mimicry are very great. A criminal, pursued into, tho midst of. his foliow countrymen, will suddenly lose the sight of an eye, and distort his countenance to an extent that will render it quite impossible to a European to recog nise him, and the only manner in which he can be restored, oven for a moment, to bin proper self, is by tho foint of a sudden attack on him, which sur prises him into his natural appoarnnco, but for a moment only. Very curious stories are told of the ingenious manner in which they have evaded the pursuit of English oificials and detootivoa. On one oocasion tho Warden at Maryborough urauod one irtto a Chinese store in which lay a, number of tents rolled, up,. on the- ground. ?-. Entering the store, a few -.; seconds ? after, the Chinaman, he found nothing there but the tents aforesaid, loosely rolled up on the floor. On examination, one of them proved: rather heavy, and in unrolling it, out tumbled John. At one time, very shortly after being .itakeri into custody, they invariably turned sick and unfit to be removed: At Amherst this idibsyncraey proved so great a.difficulty, that it was determined to put one of the number undeivmedical treatment. The ; doctor could find no internal in jury with him, and thought, as he was. given to opium-eating,- a mustard- plaster on his chest would do- him no harm. It was ordered accord ingly.; John took the application very readily,:, but couldn't ' savee ' , .the. refusal of the officials to remove it, until the time ordered for its application had expired. . He roared, it is true, but his gaolers were inexorable; and since that time the sight of a medical man in a country lock-upV has been sufficient to restore a'.Celestial to his wonted health and vigor. At one time, rather ' peculiar notions obtained amongst' the Chinese, as to the cause of justice among Europeans. In China, if, one man injure another, so.astolead to his committing suicide, the offender is punished as guilty of manslaughter or murder — a regulation not without a salutary effect in cases of gambling or chicanery. At Amherst, a Chinaman was some years.j3Jnce arrested for being drunk, a very tre markable, and, indeed, the only reputed instance of such, an offence on the port of . a Celestial. . He was confined four-and-twenty hours for the .offence. Immediately on his dismissal, he went and -hanged himself ;, as was alleged at the time,- under the im pression that the . policeman who had arrested him would be severely punished for his decease, an ex pectation in which, we need scarcely say,., he was slightly mistaken. ??.??? Another Large Whipstick Nugget. — We learn ; through the medium of. Mr Foulsham, baker, of California Gully, that during yesterday afternoon he was .at a refreshment tent, in company with a puddler named Davis, working at the Whipstick, when, one of Davis's men brought in a nugget of twenty-four ounces and gave it to his master ; the valuable find had been picked up in the wheel track between the excavation and the' mine. ? Too much praise cannot be given to the man, a wages servant, in, thus honestly, rendering to .his master his valuable :find, .wluch he might so readily have retained: We haye no,- doubt, however, but Mr Davis will ade quately remunerate him. — JBendigo Advertiser, April^c;- ? ? ? ' ? ??????? ? . ? Rowing Match at Burktjmbeet. — The rowing match between Messrs Williams and Golightly and the brothers ? Haig, for a ? trophy valued at 40 guineas; came off; on Friday last on Lake Burrumbeet. The match was originally fixed for the 1st inst., but in consequence of the inclement state of the weather a 'postponement took place. On 'Friday the wea ,ther was as fine and the water as smooth as the most ardent lover of aquatics could have desired. At. a quarter to eleven o'clock the competitors took their positions, the brothers Haig having the : outside berth. At the second attempt the boats got away pretty evenly, the advan tage of the start being on the side of Messrs Wil liams and Golightly. After some: hard pulling for 400 yards, the boat of Williams and Golightly got clear of the brothers Haig. This advantage was slightly, improved at the first turn round the buoy. The Messrs Haig at this time attempted to lessen the distance between- themselves and their compe titors, while the latter, on their part, determined not to be caught. The rowing was now exceedingly oven, and although the Messrs Haig made every effort that they were capable of to reach their op ponents,^ they were unsuccessful, as Messrs Williams and Golightly came in first by a good boat's length. This was one of the hardest pair-oared races ever rowed in the colony, the distance, two miles, -was done in a few beats under sixteen minutes, and not in the lightest description of boats. The losers of the match are evidently men of pluck, and with a little more practice will be very formidable opponents. Mr R. M'Laren acted as -judge and starter, Mr Davidson acted as coxswain tp Messrs Williams and Golightly, and Mr J. Duncan coxswain to the Messrs Haig;— Ballaarat Star, April 6. : A Stage Scene. — A writer who has travelled ex tensively says that he witnessed rather a strange soene in Shakespeare's beautiful tragedy of 'Romeo and Juliet ;' it was at one of the Western theatres. The piece had passed oft well without interruption nnf.il thp. last snflnn. Tho charncter of Romeo was excellently enacted and loiidly applauded. The model of, the lover was at the tomb of the Capulets, gazing upon the motionless f ornvof her who had so attracted his soul, and meditating upon committing an act which would send his spirit to that undiscovered country where he supposed Juliet's had gone. Just as he exclaimed, 'Here's to love !' and at the some time raising the vial which contained the poison to his lips, a stalwart young countryman jumped upon the stage, seized him, dashed the vial from his hand, crushing it to atoms, and yelling, '' Yer darned fool, she ain't dead. Only been takin' alittle slcepin' medicine. Didn't yer get the parson's let ter?' ' Sirrah !' growled out the enraged tragedian, while the house fairly shook with' laughter. '' Why, yer - girl ain't dead, I tell yer. The way it was, they wanted to make Julie marry that chap thar,' pointing at Paris, 'whose business you have just settled, but I tell you Julie war pluck-— she got her back right up and vowed she would'nt do it, oven if while she war lying in the vault the1' ghost of the other feller whom you Hit should , dash her brains out with the bones of some of her dead cousins. Wai,- her pluck war up, and she took the stuff the parson fixed, so she could play possum till you got | hum'. That's the way it war,' replied the country- I man, giving the desperate lover a tremendous poke i in the ribs with his elbow, and at the same tinie-i loosing his hold. 'Hell's curses on the fellow,' 1 muttered the raving tragedian, as he stalked behind ' the scenes. ' Wall, now,' said the countryman, facing the audience, ' if that ain't a lettlo the dod darned meanest cuss I ever did see, I hope to be swo^yed. That's all tho thanks I get for stopping him from pizening himself. Hope to be tarnly swashed if ever I go to interfere again when a fel low wants to murder himself,' ho continued, as he clambered back to his seat, just in time to prevent; his upper story from coming in contact with the curtain as it descended. — American Swap Booh. 