soOTH AUSTBALIA. Adelaide. 36&U; October. Sir Bipbaod M'UiwueU's «ueep*m .*Lf^ take H'Miguy, Port Lincoln, -h2r thousand sb»s» '^ »wut one S^SfpuXad l*ud «o the ^ptoin Thorns Wpson, of the Royal jTwt«ot Jute Hirbour-mwter hew, du» ^'^ S7tli October. Vr. Waterlwuse «ddnewed the Legisla te Council at eouw length this after dmb, OTdeftvoring to defend himself from STdbusH brought against him by the JUWfoNirue 'Age', with reference to the Mwwta Mines case, , ,. , , aW ewe™1 f9eUng has been e*- nietwd M die Legislative Assembly, fa- jhiaffect tint the whojfi of die available counW iu the Northwi territory wUl bo tJaau up hew, urespeetire of the applica te leoeived from England ; md also, tiirt (lie quality of land declared open for sejestioa, sltould be largely uiureasad. 26th October. Mr. Waterhouse mve notice in the bMMklhne Council this afternoon, that he malOjMi the following day, more that tlie notigegiwn to the New tSoutb Wales Go vernment to the effect that it wa» the in tention of the South Australian Govern ment to discontinue the oiljeaion of the dutje« on the Murray be rescinded. A rimilar notice of motion was plaoed on tie uotiee (taper of the legislative As jeatbly for Friday next. thae has been rather more doing in the nwkd' to dny.and a better demand tinx tea ewertaiced for flour. IVrec-is of (ram one hundred to two hundred tons bireb-en placed at from £U to £12 10*., tod lercral thini-wid «-tnlieU ot° wheat have betntolu at Ss 3d per ton. The Murrs Uurra - oinpnny «old all their disposable copper at tiie Port, yester diy, by leader, at £92 per tun. 8 p.m The proportion to vote founts of Liiid in Korthern Aiintralia to SiuhhV |)-'ly, in (teen negatived in the I.e-i-lnive As rmbly. The South Australian Insurance Com ply have rewjtved to s.ld the Miriiie braueb (o tbtir urifjiimi Knv Imurmiia bu«ne«. Marine rok-' ve nut m f« vid £9900. 29th October. the fl iur nurket h*s been nniHU illy animated to-uay, and there has beun a biiakdetuaud fur abutment tn Sew Zen Uud and Sydney, fully one thniwiii.l urns Iim«i5 chunked bands for the.it) pl.ices. Good tuwiJ made brands were pl.uwd ax, fmm CIS to JEi28s per ton. Three hundred fetus uf Hurts nmir have been sold at £13, to be delivered at (lie I'ort, and three hundred tons of DuBeld's, at the same figure (on terms), to be delivered free -m board. Eighty ; torn of Eruger's were also placed at £13, to be delivered on the banks of the j Mnmy. \ Wheat buffering at 6s 3d per bushel ' Bran luurcilUed island the few £rm» who are holding are asking a higher ' ptis^, 30tli October. Pariktocnl lias resolved to coutiniie the coWpn of dvtiea for New South Wales, mi ftp correspondence h requeued with ^flria. Councillor Goode is the farorite oaivdi dste for the mayoralty of tbe city. Eng lish Jw not come forward for reelec % %t Assembly has adjourned till the loth of November. The ghost at the theatre is a failure, sum Is Withdrawn. . Th* mwrted sale of Bart's flour yester day U contradicted. The sale qf teas amounted to 41,400. '. 