LITERARY GOSSIP. The Paris correspondent of a London paper an- I nounces that M. Alexandra Dumas is about to pro duce a metrical version of ' Borneo and Juliet.' Messrs Chapman and Hall announce a new work in prose by Mr. Owen Meredith: 'The King of Amasis;' also Mr T. A. Trollope's new novel of 'GiulioMalatesta.' Rumor states that the sensational novels,, with wnicn miss xsraaaon nas turnea tne neaas oi tne public, are becoming a mine of wealth; the clever lady having realised something over £8000 within the last twelve months. A Life of M. Victor Hugo, understood to be from the pen of Madame Hugo, will be shortly published in London and Brussels. The work, it is said, will contain a drama and many other unpublished works of the poet. , ? The Court Journal says Mr Anthony Trollope was offered £2000 a yoar for five years, if he would lend his name as editor to a magazine, without hav ing the labor of being the acting editor ; but Mr Trollope declined on account of Ms already having as much on his hands as he can well attend to. Mrs Edwin James (the wife of the notorious Q, C), has written a book, entitled ' The Wanderings of a Beauty,' which has been published in Eng land. It is likely to command a very large sale in England, as well as in the 'adopted country' of Mr Edwin James. Guiccioli (Byron's old flame), it is sliid, is writing the poet's life. It will be curious to see that checkered career from such a stand-point of view. A contemporary says of Gruiccioli — ' She is sixty years old, wears a flaxen wig, false teeth and rouge, is a married woman, and is vain enough, to believe she is still handsome.' The Rose, the Shamroch, and the TJiistle Ma gazine, printed in Edinburgh by women, has just issued the first number of the third volume. The work has been successful, and its increasing popularity has inspired the proprietors with much confidence. The magazine is ably edited, and has a staff of distinguished writers, who have given it a high place in public estimation. the iteaaer mentions Mat numerous revolutionary pamphlets, called ' Bulletins de l'lniprimerie de la LibertG dans le Desert,' have been recently distri buted at Paris, Lyons, and other French towns. The Imperial police, although making the greatest efforts to discover the mysterious printing-office, have never been able to get even a trace leading to it. It seems certain, however, that the press is hidden somewhere in Paris. A new work by M. Renan, entitled ' The Origin of Christianity,' is about to be published in Paris. It was to have been called ' The Life of Jesus,' but, from the well-known theological opinions of the authoi', it was thought that this jtitle might give offence, and condemn the book beforehand. M. Renon's volume is looked ? for -with considerable in terest and anxiety in the religious world of Paris. M. Peoudhon's long announced pamphlet, ' Les Democrates Asserment6s,' has appeared. He re commends all electors to protest, by abstaining from voting, against the system pursued by the Govern ment, and lays down that without the freedom of the / press, without the right of meeting, with Govern ment interference, and with the oufch imposed on the candidate, the elections are but an empty for mality, and a mere pretence of talcing the sense of the country. Professor Pepper's Ghost has been bought by Mr Feebler, and is to appear in ' Hamlet' and 'Mac- beth.' It is now throwing costermongors into fits at the Britannia Theatre, where it dogs the ruffian in the ' sensation' play, entitled ' The Widow and Orphans ; or, 'Faith, Hope and Charity.' It is as distinct and positive as real flesh and blood. It opens its mouth, laughs, and is pierced in vain by swords. The Critic for May gives tho following amusing piece of gossip about Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton : — ' One of the latest pieces of intelligence from Nice is, that Sir E. B. Lytton nearly suffered death by incremation, from indulging in tho very injudioious habit of reading in bed. It appears that the Knight of KneWorth was refreshing Ms mind with a sensation novel before giving himself entirely to the rule of Morpheus, when either the reading, or the situation of the. heroine, became too much for him, and ho fell asleep. The consequence was a small conflagration, which had the effoct of seriously burning a part of the novel and. more than half of the hon. baronet's whiskers. It is stated that when the danger was over, oao of the chambermaids of the inn rushed down stairs screaming, ' Oh ! mon Dieul le grand auteur Anglais a failli Gtro brulfi dans son lit — mais, ij. a perdu ses favoris.' . The current number of tho Quarterly Review contains an article which the admirers of sensation novel writing will do well to read. The groat gun of Conservative literature has not fired off too soon its signal of warning, whiob. the popularity of this ' monstrous growth' had necessitated. Tho 'sen- sation novel,' quitting tho localities in which it was indigenous and porfectly natural — such as tho columns of Reynold's Miscellany tho London Journal, and similar publications, now lifts up its head on high, and appears in tho best of company, dressed in purple and iino linen. Tho writ or in the Quarterly points out that, au fond, ' Aurora Floyd' is made of the Bamo stuff ns tho most un- . wholesome garbage that can bo found in these peri odicals. It is also shown that oil tho most buq. . cessful of these ? sensational novels have already passed through, the columns .of a cheap and popular publication before making their appearance in all the glories of three volumes; and, perhaps, the most curious part of the article is a short statistical table, showing the. prices at which these novels may ' . ?? be obtained first of all, mixed up with a quantity of ...????. other matter in the periodical, and then their prices printed separately. In some cases the three volumes, are charged at as many shillings as the entire work with the other matter has cost pence in the periodical shape. In the course of the year 1862 literary inquirers attended at the Record Repository to make researches '. into the public records 2448 times. The list of the ? -..subjects concerning which they consulted these records is curious. It comprises :-rLife of Sir Philip Sidney ; history of the Perrott family; to ' make tracings of certain ancient maps of Ireland; to inspect correspondence between England and the Low Countries in the 16th century ; to collect materials for memoir of Jane Dormer, Duchess of Feria, wife of the Spanish ambassador in London, Henry VIII. to Elizabeth, and to take impressions of seals ; history of Anglesey and Beaumaris ; to inspect the minutes of Council and Assembly and the laws of New York, for the New York Historical ?? Society jhistory of Willesden ; to inspect papers of commissioners f6r building churches, Anne; history ' of gunpowder' and artillery ; to search for the orders and decrees of Speaker Lenthall ; history of the , manners, &c;, of the Welsh ; lives of Archbishop Usher and Bishop Bedell; researches respecting the Act of Uniformity, J.662 ; history of the town .and priory of Eoyston; to transcribe papers relating to Hungary; history of the Nugent family; to see ? the grant of an almshouse at Layer Marner, by letters patent, 34, Elizabeth ; German history; history of .Essex; inquiries respecting the legal history of England; lives of the Lord Mayors; life of the . Bishop of Exeter ; history of the navy ; history of Lincolnshire families; history of the English ca thedrals ; researches relating to the rectory of Bir mingham ; literary purposes connected with social science ; early history of Barbadoes ; flight of the Earls of Tyrone and Tyrconnell, and researches re , lating to the Roman Catholic Bishops of Ireland, Elizabeth, and James I. ; to take a pencil sketch of the seal attached to the surrender of Coggeshall Abbey ; history of Cork ; particulars relating to the ; river Humber, and places on its banks ; to collect materials for a history of the baronage ; history of the militia ; history of commerce and navigation at Bordeaux ; literary papers connected with the Isle of Man ; history of the town of Ivry, in Normandy ; researches relating to Shakspeare ; new edition of White's Selbourne ; history of the Channel Islands ; researches illustrative of political economy ; life of Sir James Graham ; history of the Baptists ; re searches into military history ; to examine letters of Bishop Hall ; history of the office of Lora Great .: Chamberlain ; history of the Long family ; colonial history ; to copy Irish pagers of the reign of Henry 1 VIII. ; to inspect domestic papers, Charles II. ; history of lace ; history of Monmouthshire ; inter nal defence and the volunteer force ; to copy Irish papers ; parochial histories of Wilts. An office that can minister to so many wants must be well worth its salt. 