GHOSTS IN AUSTRALIA. Ix the-spring of 185 — , I was employed in driving a numerous herd of store cattle from New England down into the Melbourne country. The grass was plentiful, and the cattle travelled along at their leisure across the wide plains winch lie between the Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, and Edward Rivers. It was nearly suuset on a fine evening in August when we came to Deniliquin, where the crossing- place of the last-named river is situated.; and driv ing the cattle down into an angle of the Edward we camped close to the foot of the sandhill on which the township is built. There were two or three other herds of cattle and some flocks of sheep waiting to cross in the morning, and as several of the men iu charge of them went up to Billy M'lntyre's public-house, and then came down to our camp fire, there was soon a pretty large crowd of bushmen assembled round it. Some of them had brought bottles of rum from the inn, and as the grog circulated, we began to dis cuss the various routes by which we had travelled. There was a long argument as to the best track across the Old Man Plain ; but, as almost all of us were in favour of that by Lang's crossing-place, that point was almost settled, when an Austra lian stockman named Driscoll started what he seemed to consider an unanswerable objection, by asking us how we would avoid the Black Swamp and the ghost of the " trotting cob ?" This speech was received with a roar of laughter ; but Driscoll jumped up in a rage, and said, " You may laugh as you like, boys ; but as sure as I am standing here, I saw it myself, worse luck, and seeing's believing." Of course, when we heard this, we were all anxious for the story; and; by the aid of a little judicious flattery and a pannikin of grog, we succeeded in appeasing Driscoll's pas- siou, and prevailing on him to tell us his adven ture, which lie. did in the following words : — " You nearly all know Wautabadgery Station above Wagga Wagga. Well, two years ago, Bill Kelly and I took three hundred fat beasts from there to fetch into Bendigo. The feed was good, and we Came down the river b ink till we reached Lang's where we crossed the cattle. It was late in the afternoon when we got out on the plain ; and the sun was just dipping as we were abreast of the Black Swamp ; so we rounded up the cattle and determined to stop there for the night. We hob bled our horses close at hand, lit our fire, and bad our suppers. Then we agreed that I should take the first watch ; so Kelly rolled himself up iu his possum-rug, and I went down to have a look at the cattle and horse. I found them all right ; so I went back to the fire, heaped on fresh fuel, and then stretched myself down to have a comfortable smoke. I was pretty tired with riding all day and the fire was hot, so in a short time I dozed off. I must have slept three or four hours, for the cold awoke me, as the fire was very low ; so I got up and put on more wood, and then I thought I'd just go round the cattle before I waked Kelly to take his watch. So I caught and saddled my mare, and rode away to the cattle-camp. The moon was at the full, and shining brightly, and the beasts had drawn out on the plain to feed ; so, of course, I started to head them back. I was cantering along when all of a sudden the leading cattle came galloping back, and as they wheeled a man passed close to me, riding a bald-face cob, and coming from the opposite direction. Now Kelly's horse was bald-faced, so I thought that lie had waked up and come out to look after me, so I rode on towards the camp. When I got there, to my great surprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled up in his rug, and apparently fast asleep. This very naturally vexed me, so I shook hira roughly, and when he sat up, says I to him : ' Kelly, what do you mean by going and lying ! down again when you know its you watch?' " ' Lying down again,' replied he. ' Why, i never woke at all till now.' " ' What,' cried I, ' do you want to deny thai you passed me just now out on the plain headinp 1 hack the cattle'? I did not see vour face, but 1 saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough.' ' At that, Kelly jumped up as if he was shot. " Saddle up, for your life, Driscoll," said he, ' and let us be off. You've seen the ghost of the trott ing cob, and we're both dead men.' " Well, we jumped on our horses, and by day break we had got as far as Broderib's Station ; afld next ftight we camped just were we now are ; but that very trip, Kelly was drowned in the Campaspe, and I broke two ribs and my. collar bone. So I for One would sooner go a hundred miles round than camp again near the Black.. Swamp, and chance seeing the ghost of the trott ing cob." When Driscoll had finished the conversation naturally turned on apparitions, and " Fisher'a Ghost" was triumphantly noted as an unanswer able argument in their favor ; but there were still several who laughed at the idea of sucli things. At last a bullock-drlverfrom the Sydney side said : " There are ghosts, there's no denying ; and I'll taU ..you of one that hundreds heard about, and many of you know the man who saw it, and you can ask himself about it. Many of you have been up the'Murray towards Albury, and have passed . Brown's station just above Quart-Quart. Well, l when I was a Government-man, I was doing r my time near Camdap, and in those days Brown had a farm at the Cowpastnres, close to where I was living. He had just settled down on the Murray with a few hundred head of cattle, and stopped there five orj six months, up huts and yards, and breaking in cattle to the run ; so, when he thought everything was going on well, he started for down- country, intending to bring up more stock in a short time. He travelled on horse back, for there were no mail-coaches to the Murray then, and, as he pushed on pretty sharp, he was very tired when he got to the Myrtle Creek. He told Thomson, the landlord, to call him early in the morning, took his supper, and two or three glasses of rum, aud then went to bed. Towards morning, something awoke him. and when he opened his eyes he saw his wife standing by the bedside. Before he could speak to lifer she told him ' to get up,' and went out of the room at once. Well, Brown was greatlysurprised, of course, at seeeiug her at that place, but he thought that she had come to meet liirn, so he got up and dressed himself: When lie went down, he looked in the parlors; but as he could not see her, he began to call out her name. At last, the noise he made roused up the landlord, and he came and asked me what the matter was. " ' Why,' says Brown, ' I want my wife. She's come and waked me, and now she's hid her self.' You're dreaming, man,' cried the landlord. 'How can your wife be here? You know she's at the Cowqasture Farm.' " ' What !' rejoined Brown.; do you mean to say that she did not come here since I went to bed?' "Of course she didn't,' replied the landlord, ' for I locked' the door when I went to bed, and the key is under my pillow.' " With that Brown grew frightened, ' Saddle ray horse at odcc,' said he, ' for so sure as I'm a living man, my wife came and spoke to me to night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at home." With that, he mounted and galloped off. He rode till he knocked up his horse, and then he borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that, before sunset, he came close to the Cowpasture Farm. As he galloped up, he could see there was something un usual going on, for several horses were fastened to the posts of the verandah, the working men were standing in groups at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers were lounging about near the stockyard. Brown jumped off his bouse, and was going at once into the house, but one of his neighbours came out, and met him at the door. This gentleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could what had taken place. Now, boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants, but his wife was a tyrant, and while he was at the Murray, she had been stopping the rationsidfitbe government-men, and sending them up to .court. There was one man in particular she took a great dislike to; he could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning he got his fifty lashes at the nearest court house. At last he got desperate. He was chopping some wood, when she came up to bim, and after abusing him, said : ' I'll get you fifty more on Monday next.' ' I may get the fifty,' cried he, " but you'll. not live to know it;' and witli that he lifted the axe he had in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cow- pastures at the very hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle Creek ; so you can see, boys, there can be no doubt but ghosts do sometimes appear on earth.' ; " ' Of course, there's no doubt at all about that,' said an old shepherd, who had just come up to the camp, ' for I was close to one myself, and my mate saw it quite plainly, and it was a quare thing, I'll tell yez all about it. You that are from the Sydney side must recollect the time when the fires were seen every night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all the people went out to see them, and the priest tried to lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, I'd been sdepherding at Wargoola, near Oarcoar, and when the shearing was over I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Bathurst to buy some things, and have a spree. Well, of course, in a few days I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I was just thinking of making a start I fell in with Red Jack- -He was an old mate of mine, and he'd been down in town for some weeks, so you may be sure he had " pockets to let." He was looking for a job ; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employment, and they wanted some hands on the station. Jack said " he was glad of the chance ;" so he rolled up his blankets. I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Bathurst. We had been noblerising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started ; so we walked along very gaily, and never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good camping-place as we walked on.; aud just as.it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another, and another. ' Come on,' said Jack ; ' we're all right.; there's some overlanders there with cattle, aud we'll go down to their camp.' " With that we turned iu off the road, and went towards the nearest fire; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We cooed, but there was no answer; so we pushed for the next, flunking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it, there was no one their either ; and then all of a sudden I recollected what ; I had heard them speaking of in Bathurst; so I told Jack of it, and told liim we'd better get ! away at once ; but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, we lit our pipes, and had a ; good stiff glass a piece out of one oif the bottles, ; and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he asked me if I was game to ao with bim. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off we went towards the next fire; and when we came near it, we could see some one moving about and piling on wood. ' There's you ghost for you,' says Jack. ' Hollo, mate, will you have a glass ' ' But the figure kept on at the fire, and made no answer. By this time we had got quite close to the ffre, and as it blazed up, we saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he bad no head on his shoulders — nothing but the blood stained stump of a neck, and yet he was going about quite contented, feeding the fire. I thought I'd have dropped, but Jack said ' Come on, we'll grab him, ghost or no ghost.' Then he put the bottle to his mouth, and took a long drink ; I took another, and then" Jack ran round the fire one way, and I ran another. As we got on to the other side we could see the Headless Shepherd standing between us. ' I have you now)' cried Jack, and tried to lay bold of him. I did the same, but he slipped through our fingers, and we caught only one another, and 'down we fell ; and when we came to ourselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went to Wargoola, but what became of the ghost I don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after." This story started the dispute about spirits afresh, for there were some " new chums," present who had never read the Bathurst papers of the period, and they said that rum was the only spirit that Red Jack and his mate had seen on King's Plains. However, the " old hands," would not listen to this, and the dispute began to grow furious. At last Jim Ryan, an Irish native, roared out in a rage " It's my belief ye're no better than haythens, and the next thing you'll do will be to deny the ' Cooee Hut.' " This was evi- ' dently considered a conclusive argument by all the old bushmen, and their opponents were com pelled to confess their ignorance of the GooeeHut, and to ask for an account of it. For a short time Jim Ryan refused to satisfy them, but at last he allowed himself to be pursuaded. " The hut we call the Cooee or Mendering hut, is out on the Yareko Creek, at the Goree Run ; and the way it got that name was this : At the time when the Yareko and the Billabong were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. He was an emi grant, and had not been long in the colony, and he used to be kept about the home station, chopping wood and carting water, and helping up at the draughting-yards occasionally. Well, it happened that one of the shepherds had a row with the overseer, and got discharged at once, so as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. The hut is twenty-five miles back from Goree, so the overseer went out himself with Bill and the sheep, and then stopped a day with him to show him the run. Bill had no kutkeeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days ; but one very hot day he must have fallen asleep in the middle of the day, when the sheep were in the camp, and did not wake till they were drawn out. He was, as I told you, a new chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so he wandered vaguely up and down looking for the flock, till he lost himself completely. Dusk was coming on, so he began cooeing until he was fairly worn out, and then lay down to sleep. Next morning he started again, but he had got confused ; you know the Yareko country is very puzzling, for the sand hills and plains are so much alike, that it's very hard to tell one from another. Poor Bill tried to travel by the sun, but as he kept following it, he went round and round, and at dusk was near the place he started from. He had uo foo l, and could not find the creek, so he was dying of thir3t, for it was burning hot weather. He cooeed again and again till he fell exhausted, and there he lay till morning. In the morning he arose and crawled a few yards, when down he 6ank, and, there he perished. Meanwhile the sheep had gone to another out station, ten miles further back, where they had been running formerly, and as the feed was good, they stopped there very con tentedly for seven or eight days, when the over seer happened to see tliera, and of course he took them into the home station, and went out to tell Bill White to come in himself. When he got to the hut lie found the ashes cold on the hearth, and he could see that White had not been in for some days, so in a great fright he galloped back to the home-station, and mustered ail hands to go and look for Bill. He had two black trackers also ; and as I happened to be passing, I went out. Well, it was near dusk when we got to the hut, aud of course we could do nothing that night, so we hobbled the horses and went into the hut. We were just getting our suppers when we heard a faint cooee and another and another. Of course we answered at once, for we were in hopes that it was Bill White coming up. But the sound came no nearer though the cooee was repeated every four or five minutes. We then thought that perhaps he had been hurt and could not walk, so several of us went out to look for hira, but we could see nothing of him though the cooeeing still continued, and apparently quite close to us. In about an hour it ceased suddenly, and we went to the hut greatly puzzled, and very un easy; In the morning at daylight we started, and the blacks very soon found poor Bill's tracks, it was by them that I was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they traced all his wanderings, pointed out where he sat, and' where he slept, and at last brought us to where he lay, and strange to relate, he died within a mile from his home, but it was on a different side to that on which he had been ac customed to take out the sheep. We buried him . in an adjacent sandhill,' where you may see his grave fenced in ; but since that time no one will live in that hut, for every evening from dusk till dark poor Bill White is heard cooeeing; and plenty who have never heard the story, and have chanced to camp in the neighbourhood have heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, little thinking that it was the spirit of Bill White wandering about the Cooee Hut." When the tale was ended, midnight had passed some time, and as we all had to be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward River, there was a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and weut off to their respective camps, while I rolling myself up in my opossum rug, went off to dreamland, into a slumber such as those who live at home at ease can never hope to enjoy. Among the articles for the production of which Ireland is celebrated, Kinahan's " LL," whiskey has long held a foremost place. For more than half a century tliis potent though mild spirit has been the delight of every connoisseur, the attrac tion of every festive board. Mr. Win. Bolton, a grocer, and formerly an apprentice of the Messrs. Kinahan, has been in the habit of selling a spirit which he distinguished by the name of " Bolton's LL," and as the Messrs. Kinahan .con sidered the use of those letters an infraction of their rights, they applied for an injunction to re strain him from further displaying them on his i labels. The case was heard before the Master ol the Rolls, and the matter was thought of suili- cient importance to engage the talents of Seijeant Sullivan, Mr. Brewster, and the Solicitor-General. Serjeant Sullivan, who appeared for the petiti- tioners, gave a history of the origin of the title. Upwards of forty years ago the then Lord-Lieu tenant of Ireland, the Duke of Richmond, was so well pleased with Kinahan's whiskey, that he purchased large quantities of it, and he gave di rections that a vat should be set apart in the es tablishment for him, with the letters " LL," and a ducal coronet painted thereon. From that time the firm gave to the whiskey so prepared, the name of " LL," whiskey, the letters being the initials for " Lord -Lieutenant." They had ever Bitice used the letters " LL," to distinguish the whiskey prepared by them. All the corks had, besides these letters, a ducal coro net impressed thereon. On the part of the re spondent, the Solicitor- General contended that Mr. Bolton had used these marks for ten years, ! and that the court could not now interfere. The court, however, thought that the letters " LL," were a trade mark. The motion was ordered to stand over till the hearing of the cause, and in the meanwhile the Master of the Rolls expressed a wish, that the respondent would discontinue the use o! the letters. Extraordinary Death. — The Toulon jour nals relate as follows an extraordinary story, which was alluded to a few days ago in the letter of our Paris correspondent — " A warder of the bagne here, named Durand, has just met with his death in an extraordinary manner. He was amusing himself, while off duty, with fishing in the dock from a narrow floating raft, when having caught a mullet and not knowing where to put it to pre vent it escaping into the water, he conceived the idea of holding it between his teeth while he baited his book: The fish struggling in the con vulsions of death, ended by slipping its head first into the mouth of the man and then down his throat, completely filling up the cavity. The man rushed out of the dock for medical aid, but soon dropped dead from suffocation. The autopsy, which took place on the following day, showed that there had been no possibility of saving the man's life. The position of the fish, and the action of the viscious matter with which the scales were covered, while facilitating the mullet's entry into the gullet, had rendered its extraction im practicable without such injuries to the throat as would also have caused death. The author of this involuntary homicide measured about seven inches long and two broad." 