. THE THEATRES. ROYAL. PRINCESS'S. An unfortunate casualty occurred a short time before tiio performance last night, by which the largo sheet of plate glass O'sential, for the perfect production of the spectral effect; was DroKon, bo ttiat tlio Whose was visible only 88 to its lower extremities. Mr Puwcelt came forward at the termination of the piece, and- apologized tor the failure, promising that the defoots should bo remedied in future perform ances. Honco perhaps it would bo unfair to pronounco decisively upon the rnorits of tlio apparition, seeing that in fact' it had no morit because it had no existence. . Tito piece; liowevor, is a good effective melo-' drama of tho extreme sensational kind, and it abounds, as- may bo supposed, with strong situations. "Tho Captain of tho Vulture" has, boon adapted by Mr Fawcett from one of Miss Braddcn's novels, and to those who aro not, familiar with the story it may be described ns a sories of complications arising out of tho oxaet resemblance of two twin brothers to each othor. Tbey.are both disreputable individuals,, and at some poriod prior to tho opening of tho ' dramatic story they have committed a murder, and 'the ghost, which should have appeared but did not, is that of their vietim, who occasion ally revisits tho world for tlio sake, possibly, of, terrifying them into remorse and ropont-ineo. Tiie success in lifo of tho brotliors, has, it would soem, beou of. different degrees, for whilo ono of them has married a rich wifo, and is tho commander of a ship, tlio other is a sort of Gardiner of tlio period, and thus the first of the many errors which 'arise on tho score- of mistaken identity, . is a oliargo of Bhooting and robbery preforrcd against tbo ono who is not tiie highwayman. This accusation liowover, does not como to anything serious. Tho woundod man is understood to recover, tlio footpad disappears for a timo, and tiio captain goes to sea in his ship. Tlioro is a rather well sot scono showing the start of this vessel. The next act is supposed to commence soven years after ihe.occurrcnceB taking place in the first, Tho captain has not returned, and is given up as drowned. His wife is induced to marry a former lovor, whom indeed alio had always preferred, , and whom she would have married in tho first instance if hor own inclina tion had been consulted, -which it was not. Things aro apparently going on very pleasantly, but on.tlje very evening that tlio nowly-mnrried people return homo after the wedding tour, the long absent captain turns up, and there is a vory disagreeable domestic rencontre, the new husband retiring from tho scone, and tlio old husband disposing himself for tho night in a somewhat appa_llip2-looking bed in a corner. To him incontinently comes tho twin, and murders him, taking away tho body and allow ing suspicion to fail upon the lady, who is accordingly arrested, and, after an intorvol, tried with considerable forenaio display. The ovidonco is a littlo obsoure, but the case is obviously going against tlio prisoner, when the objectionable twin makc9 his appearance, , declares himso'f to bo tho captain, and claims his. wife and other belong ings. But it would seem that the real captain had during liis.long absonco from hpme : been engaged in . tlio somowbat severe duties of a galley slave at Toulon, and while -there had made tho acquaintance of another : amiable character in the eamo capacity, named Masterson, who denounces the twin as an impostor and is confirmed in his statement by tho testimony of a young jailbird, a protcgo of tho twin, who, accused him of tho murder, so ; that tho judge declares the prisoner quits tho Uourt " without a stain upon her character." Tho curtain somewhat abruptly couios down, leaving the -audience, to sbiuoio that the lady ana her early lover are at last united. This is the essence of the story, which con tains, however, several other characters, and whioh has an underplot, relating how that Mistress Peo' er, landlady of tho " Black Bear," and being tho wifo oi Mr Peoker. landlord. of that hostoirio, had bad a first hus band Borne fourteen years previously, but that she had sooh nothing of him for all that timo; .and, oonoluding-liim to bo dead, she had mor- jriod again ; but that he too, liko tho captain, appeared, as did also hor eon, who is tho young jail-bird afo-emenMoned, hor husband 'being the aforesaid Masterson. The oxact re lations iff this family are left in no little, doubt, and. it . is .not quito olear whether t0 Mr Masterson or not. .As the latter, gsntloman "gets into trouble." end is thus disposod of, it is . to be prcsum-d that the domcstio arrangements at the Black Bear remain undisturbed. There is scone for a good deal of powerful acting in thia piece.' Mr Fawcett played tho doubles with plenty of ppi.nt and energy, and Miss Rose Edouin was strikingly effective as tlio wife. Hor manifesta tion of. terror at the eight of her elain husband was very genuine in ite inteneity, and ber de meanour during the trial scene was improssivo. !?''" "turned galley-slave, and vagabond m general, w„s wonderfully iifo-liko in his acting, and the delivery of his oridonco. in the oourt was SO extremely real as to remind I ono Very much of similar exhibitions in ordinary 1 experience. Mr Oreswick did fair jmtiqg ;0 , one of tho less individualised parts, and Miss : Fsni? aT W?u pre"Uy "P Captain Fenny. Altogether, the now piece may be prenounood a euooeie ; and when the " ghost" machinery is in w.rking order, it will doubt less prove extremoly attraotivo. 