TOPICS OF THE DAY. A meeting of the Rifle Association was held at the Governor's Offices on Thursday, June 18, His Excellency in the chair. The members present were the Hons. G. Hall, H. B. T. Strangways, J. H. Barrow, Captain Trimmer, Captain Rankine, Captain Sellar, Mr. J. D. Sutherland, and Mr. G. S. Kingston, M.P. (Secretary). The minutes of the preceding meeting of Committee, and also of the last general meeting, having been read and confirmed, the Trea- surer, in answer to Mr. Barrow, stated that the present balance in hand was about £18. The total amount collected last year was about £500, against £900 the year before. Last year the subscription was opened with a balance of £200 ; this year with only £18. The Secretary read a letter that had been addressed to the Government on the subject of the insufficient number of butts ; the time occupied in the matches being ten days ; and as the number of competitors was 300, and their expenses about £1 per day, the loss to them would be about £3,000, or, including comng and going, nearly £4,000. As the number of competitors fell off by about one-fourth last year, it is apprehended that still further falling off wiil be occasioned unless a larger number of butts are provided. The letter was addressed to the Chief Secretary in October last, but no reply had been received. [The Chief Secretary, at the close of the proceedings, having entered the room, stated that on the receipt of the letter it was forwatded to the proper authorities to report thereupon ; but that as the letter had never been returned, and no report made upon it, the Government had overlooked the matter, but it was not the intention of the Government to allow the letter to remain unanswered.] In answer to Mr. Hall, the Treasurer thought abont £500, in- cluding entrance- fees, might be calculated upon this year. The Committee then considered at what date it would be desirable to hold the matches, and it was agreed that Monday, September 28, should be the first day. Mr. Strangways intimated that he should, on another occasion, move that Enfield rifles should only compete when used in the same state as issued from the Government store ; that there should be no alteration in sights, no shading, nor any other alte- ration in the weapons as issued by the Gorerament, and that the Hythe position should be exclusively used in Enfield matches ; as this was the case at Sydney, and it possessed many advantages. The Secretary observed that if the object was to produce the best shooting any position ought to be allowed. With regard to sighting, so many of the Enfield rifles bad been already altered that it would be im- possible to carry out each an idea. In England they were giving up the Hythe position, and in actual service soldiers were allowed to fire in any position they liked best. Captain Rankine should decidedly object to such a regulation. Captain Trimmer thought that it was quite possible to get the front sight re- duced and improved in such a way as to admit of bayonets being fixed ; it was only when the front sight shifted that the bayonet could not be fixed. Mr. Sutherland thought that in two or three minutes a front sight might be filed on the bayonet ring, and thus the whole difficulty would disappear. The Committee then considered the matches. It was moved that the first match be open to all comers, in two periods, as last year. A question was then raised as to whether any weapon might be used. The Secretary read a letter from Captain Shawyer, sug- gesting that Enfields should not be required to compete with small bores ; and Captain Sellar sup- ported the same view, showing that the total winnings of last year gave 2s. 9d. for each Enfield on the ground, and £13 for each small bore. Captain Trimmer said that such a calculation was realty of no value, as a large number of the country volunteers had not the slightest chance of winning anything. The general opinion seemed to be that the Enfield had but a very poor chance in the All Comers' Match if the match went beyond 500 yards. The Secretary suggested giving a special prize to the highest Enfield, should another rifle win. Mr. Barrow finally moved, and Captain Hall seconded, that the All Comers' Match should include the 200, 300, 400, and 500 yards only, so that all weapons might compete. This was carried. It was then con- sidered whether competitors should be allowed to enter for any one or two distances separately ; but eventually, on the motion of Captain Hall, seconded by Captain Sellar, it was resolved that competitors must enter for the whole match, and that the entrance fee be 2s. 6d., the number of shots to be seven at each range. The prises to be two at each distance, and three for the aggregate score. Second Match— Ladies Prize : open to all members of the Associa- tion and all volunteers ; distances 600, 800, and 900, seven shots, two prizes of equal value, one to the highest score made by an Enfield, the other by a small bore. Third match, 2s. 6d. entrance, in two periods, 200, 500, and 600 ; 700, 800, and 909, five shots ; six prizes for the aggregate scores ; the first prize to be the silver medal of the National Associa- tion and £—— ; open to volunteers only. It was then discussed whether the large bore Terry should com- pete with Enfields in this match. Captain Sellar moved that only the Enfield should compete in this match. Captain Trimmer moved that any weapon of similar bore should be admissible. Captain Sellar's motion was carried. Fourth match, open to the South Australian Rifle Association, to be shot for with any rifle used by a volunteer company, 5s. entrance, distances 300 and 600 yards, seven rounds ; two prizes at each distance, and two aggre- gate prizes. Fifth match—Company's match ; en- trance fee £2 2s. ; company's rifles, 200, 600, and 800, seven rounds ; three prizes ; one half, three- tenths, and two-tenths of entrance fees, with £—— added. Seven men to represent each company. Sixth match—Rifle Derby, open to all comers, any rifle, 10s. 6d. entrance ; five rounds ; 200, 500, and 600; four prizes—a half, a quarter, a sixth, and a twelfth of the entrance money. Seventh match : Long range, open to any rifle ; 800, 900, and 1,000 yards ; seven rounds ; entrance 10s. 6d. ; four money ; the other half in three prizes for the three distances. Eighth match—Consolation, at 200, 400, and 600 ; to be shot for by the five highest non-win- ning scores in each match made by volunteers. Three prises ; competitors to fire with the weapons they used in the match which qualified them to shoot. On the subject of general regulations those of last year were adopted. In regard to scoring it was decided that the scoring be made as 2, 2, 4 ; instead 1,2, 3 ; where "marks" are equal, the greatest number of hits to win. Standing position at 300 yards. In addition to the notice of motion tabled by Mr. Strangwaya, the same gentleman has also given notioe of his intention to move the appointment of a firing captain, or cap- tain of the field, who should decide all questions arising out of the firing. It was alao decided that a person taking an aggregate prise should not take a secondary prize in the same match. Mr. Strangwaya will also move at the nest meeting that the matches should take place to the south of the Reed- beds, where 20 targets might be erected, and where there would be no need of butts. The Committee then adjourned. Supplementary regulations for issuing embarkation orders and remission certificates have been framed by the Govemor-in-Chief in Executive Council, to the effect that persons ineligible under clause 4 of the existing regulations may be allowed a passage in an emigrant ship provided there is paid for such pas- sage the average rate of passage money of a statute adult calculated on the average rate of the three vessels last chartered, provided that such person is in good health, and not likely to become chargeable on the colony, and that he or she sign an agreement to conform to the rules to be observed on board ship. The existing remission certificates may also be appli- cable to these persons upon the above terms. The half-yearly examination of the pupils attending the North Adelaide Grammar School, conducted by Mr. J. Whinham, assisted by Miss and Mr. Robert Whinham, was held on Thursday afternoon, the 18th inst., at 2 o'clock. A large number of parents and friends were present at the hour named, and the Rev. James Jefferis, L.L.B., took the chair on the invita- tion of Mr. Whinham. In his opening remarks, the Chairman, after speaking of the pleasure he felt in presiding, alluded to the excellent method of instruc- tion pursued by Mr. Whinham, and to the very satis- factory results of his teaching. He then called on that gentleman to read his half- yearly report. Mr. Whinham first addressed the parents and friends present, com- menting on the progress made by his pupils and their general good conduct during the past six months. He said that his plan of instruction was to impress thoroughly on the memories of the boys the elements of a solid education, and to make sure that they understood what they learned ; he next spoke to the boys and urged upon them the necessity of high and honorable conduct in life, without which all their education would profit them little. Mr. Whinham's address gave general satisfaction, and he was loudly cheered on resuming his seat. The following recita- tions were then delivered :—A. Langman, "The Graves of a Household ;" B. Graham, "The Village Blacksmith ;" T. Danes, "The Spanish Champion ;" F. Wing, "The Fakenham Ghost ;" P. Wake- field, "Last days of Herculaneum ;" H. Baker, "The last man ;" J. Malcolm, "The Wreck of the Hesperus;" and J. McCulloch, "The Arab's farewell to his Steed." The young gentlemen acquitted themselves very well and reflected great credit on the care and atten- tion of their teacher, Mr. R. Whinham. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis, after kindly criticising the efforts of the young orators, and giving them some excellent hints on public speaking, adjudged the reci- tation prises to Masters P. Wakefield and James Malcolm. The prizes and certificates were then awarded as follows :—Prizes :—First Class—J. Mar- rabel, T. Paqualin, F. Calf, and J. Malcolm (map- ping). Second Class—P. Wakefield, J. McCulloch, A. Langman, and P. Wakefield (mapping). Third Class—H. Baker, P. Calf, F. Wigg, and F. Calf (mapping). Fourth Class—D. McCulloch and W. Porter. Fifth Class—G. Davis and W. Mason. Drawing—First Prize—C. W. L. Sprigg. Prize pre- sented by Mr. W. Malcolm to Cornish. Certificates, General Improvement—A. Langman, E. G. Phillips, F. H. Wigg, W. Cornish, F. Doswell, and G. Elliott. Latin—J. McCulloch and J. Porter. At the con- clusion of the proceedings the boys gave several rounds of hearty cheers for their kind master, Mr. Whinham, and for Mrs. and the Misses Whinham, and Mr. R. Whinham. We should mention, that some capital specimens of mapping and drawing were shown on the walls, being the work of the boys in their leisure hours. A most interesting meeting was held in the Con- gregational Church, North Adelaide, on Thursday evening, to thank Mr. Jefferis for refusing the invi- tation of the Sydney church to become its pastor. The proceedings were fraught with much interest, and a report as lengthy as our space will admit will be found elsewhere. We learn with pleasure that it is in contemplation to erect a monument to the memory of Herr Linger, and that a concert is to be given with a view to raising funds for the purpose. To this talented master South Australia was indebted for the intro- duction of a higher and more classic style of music than had been cultivated here before his time, or has been much encouraged since. A musician in the strictest sense of the term, he tolerated with impa- tience the popular and ephemeral sing-song which prevailed ; and as Conductor of the Choral Society, afforded us many a treat which is still remembered with pleasure and regret. We hope that while paying this tribute to the talent of Carl Linger it will be appropriately commemorated by the performance of some of his compositions. To the later colonists he is best known by the patriotic "Song of Australia ;" but his countrymen, and those who were in the habit of attending the concerts of the Society before alluded to, will remember the choruses from his "Alfred," and "Der Kampf mit dem Drachen," and we trust that the opportunity thus afforded of showing that his reputation does not rest upon a solitary produc- tion will not be neglected. Herr Linger was much respected in private life ; and although this testi- monial is intended principally to the artist, it is the more hearty that it is also paid to the memory of an amiable and estimable man. A notification appears in Thursday's Gazette that in pursuance of application by the Belgian Govern- ment to the Home Government, and of a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Adolf Gaedechens, Esq., will be recognised by this Govern- ment as Belgian Consular Agent in South Australia from the 16th June, 1863. The last of the autumn series of Institute lectures wul be delivered this evening by the Rev. J. C. Woods, B.A. The subject is "The Life and Writings of Thomas Moore." The names of gentlemen who intend to ofter them- selves as candidates for the vacant seats in the Legis- lative Council, or whom it is intended to solicit to stand, multiply very rapidly. We have already heard the following mentioned :—Mr John Baker, Mr. George Green, Mr. B. T. Finniss, Mr. T. Reynolds, Mr. E. McEllister, Mr. J. Hallett, and, in fact, several others. The only gentleman actually before the public is Mr. T. Elder, who thus has the advan- tage of being first in the field. Those gentlemen who really intend to become candidates will do well to lose no time in making known their intentions. We have to explain to our Subscribers that the late delivery of a portion of our impression of Thursday, was caused by an accident that happened to one of the forms during the process of publication. We beg to direct attention to the advertisement, requesting competitors in the forthcoming return match with Sydney, to assemble on Saturday morn- ing, at 8 sharp. Thnrsday'e Gazette contains a proclamation ap- pointing Mr. Abraham Bristow to be Registrar under the Dog Act of 1860, and the Council Chamber, Penfield, to be the place of registration for the Dis- trict of Munno Para West. Also, Mr. R. C. Gregory to be Registrar, and the Post-Office, Springton, the place of registration for the District of South Rhine. Edward Burton Pearce, Esq., is appointed Assistant-Accountant of the Savings Bank. The following persons are appointed Poundkeepers : —John Fargher, Mount Torrens ; Robert Ackland, Company's Tiers, East Torrens. The following by-law of the Marine Board is approved by the Governor-in-Chief :—"That it be compulsory for a vessel to take a pilot at Port Augusta, if not exempt under the Act." We are informed by Commander Hutchinson, R.N., that the officer appointed to take the place of the late Commodore Burnett, C.B, on this station, is Sir Wm. S. Wiseman, Bart., in the Curaçao, 31 guns, steam-frigate, 1,571 tons, 350 horse power. A report of the proceedings of the examination of the pupils attending the Collegiate School of St. Peter's, which was held on Thursday, June 18, will be found in another column. A very rich specimen of ore from the Spring Creek Mine has just been left at our office. We are informed that it was taken out of a magnificent lode 20 feet wide. There was a capital house at the Victoria Theatre on Thursday evening, the performance being for the benefit of the lessee, Mr. A. J. Solomon. The musical drama of the "Daughter of the Regiment" was produced and well received, Miss Wiseman taking the part of Josephine, and singing several favourite eongs. The comedy "The Governor's Wife" was also produced. This eventug the company will perform at the Port Theatre, when "Belphegor, the Mountebank," one of the best pieces this season, and the farce of "John Wopps," will be produced. In the meanwhile the gas fittings at the Victoria will be vigorously proceeded with so as to produce a grand display on Saturday evening, when no doubt there will be a crowded house, as the performances will be very attractive. 