'HAMLET' AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. I The revival of ' Hamlet, Princo of Denmark,' at tlio Theatre Royal involuntarily carries haok- re membrance to Mr Sullivan's Australian dehut in that character nearly a year ago. Then ho had every imagiifflblc difficulty to contend with. He had not been accnstomcd to nso his voice for many months. The company which surrounded him was one of very moderato ability — not to characterise it with extreme harshness. ^The mounting of the play was miserable, tlie scenery dingy, the house was dark, tho audienco portion of it uncomfortable. Yet despite all these unfavorable circumstances, acting prejudicially in their effect upon tlio spectators, Mr Barry Sullivan achieved unquestionable success. Tho audience felt that they bad before thom one of the most finished actors who had attempted to play ' Hamlet' in nlodorn days. Tlio marks of thought ful study w-^ everywhere apparent to those who had themselves paid any critical attontion to tho text. To the moro- superficial observer it was enough that tho recognised points woro rendered -with ample force, but with entire freedom from ex aggeration. From tho success of that — Mr Sulli van's first appearance upon tho Molbourno Btago — it required but little sagacity to forecast tho popu larity which ho was defined to secure. Recollecting tho recognition of his merits as an actor, which Mr' Sullivan obtained against difficulties almost insupor able, it need hardly surprise that tho present revival of ' Hamlet' should bo a triumphant success. Everything is in favor of an intelligent and satisfactory development of tlie tragedy. Tlio details are worked^out^with olttborate fleiicaoy. Tho '.presMit^cast is an e^llentlpne^Mr 'Lambert is tho 'only actor wo ha^Who%o«ld essay. ipolonius with any prospect of success, and yet his conception is not free from faults. Thero is scarcely enough of iho dignity of tho old courtier abont him. Tho senility of the character is ovor prominent. Mr Fitzgerald's Laertes is cre ditable. This gentleman's elocution is good ; ho is painstaking, and grows in favor with Melbourne audiences. Tho thankless part of tho King foil iuto unusually good hands in being assigned to Mr Ireland. His appearanco is much iu his favor. ?Mi- Heir's Ghost was excellent. Thero. was sufficient modulation of tone to redeem from tho charge of monotony, whilst there was an entire absonco of human passion. Ho glides across tho stage liko a spirit, and thero is no rude breaking of tho illusion. Tho attontion of tho manager secures the' perfection of minor details. Where tho apparition passes through tho Queen's chamber, it is no longer in armor (as wo usually havo it pre sented), but in regal robes, as tlio text suggests— ' My father, in his habit as ho lived !' Miss Rosa Dunn's Ophelia is a good conception, especially in tho mad scene. The transitions from saduoss to I mirth — the irrelevancy of her prattle — tho non recognition of her friends — tho apparent uncon sciousness of her own acting combined to produce a very touching picture of tho reason-bereft girl. The Queen wo havo not' beforo seon performed by Mrs Hoir. That she undertakes it is in itsolf a sufficient guarantee that it will bo carefully played ; but thero was merit boyond so cold an acknowledgment. In tho chamber scono with Hamlet she played up to Mr Sulliyan with tho skill of a truo ai-tist. Stung to remorse, aud awakened to a *onso of her sin, sho again and again turns to bestow upon her son the embrace which ho determinedly but yet pityingly puts aside, as in-offered by tlio accomplice in his father's murder, yet not altogothor forgetful that sho is his lTOtlior. Tho parts of Horatio, G'ildcn stern, tho Gravediggers, and the Actors all find ex cellent representatives amongst the regular niem-' bers 'of tho company. Tho costumos aro good and cofrect in stylo. Tho scenery is mnch of it now, especially paiutod for tho proiont revival. Mr Pitt has been particularly successful in tho plat form scene upon tho ramparts, to which tlio Ghost leads Hamlet. Tho illusion of battlomented walls, with the cold light of tho moon silvering tho pro ejections — »Uanrosfc-?rin 'drifljy'nliadow— is capitally' worked out. A slight accident last night tem porarily endangered its effectiveness. It speaks volumes for the good taste of tho Melbourno public, that despite the rage for sensation performances, thero still exists amongst thom a proper apprecia tion of tho legitimate drama, and a willingness to accord practical support to tho manager who puts before thom a good play, well acted, in the most acceptable guise, and with liberal accessories. During tho two nights 'Hamlet' has. been per formed, over seven tlionsaud persons havo passed through tho doors of the Theatro Royal. 