ARRIVAL OF THE NAIL FBOM ENGLAND. Bv tbo A.S.N. Company's steamer Tele- graph, which arrived yesterday afternoon, we received papers forwarded hy the English mail. Tho following is tho letter of our Lon- don correspondent:? The Temple, September 26. London has not yet returned from the country. It is enjoying itsolf nt the different watering places on the coast, or wandering amongst tho mountains of Wales and Scot- land, or " doing" Paris, or tho Alps, or Algiers, or Norway and Icolnnd, or tho East. No one is in London except tho million anrlj, half or so of people who have not time til. money to leavo it. Tho newspapers havo pretty well exhausted the topics of America and toland, and tho usual letters and discus- sions on miscellaneous subjects, tho "social evil," lahorers' cottages, transportation, the distance of tho sun from the earth, respective rights and duties of neutral and belligerent States, Ac, Ssa., fill up their columns. Her Majesty nnd the younger members of tho Royal Family havo returned from their trip to Germany, and are now nt their High- land residence of Balmoral. The Prince and Princess of Wales aro also in tbo Highlands, at Abergeldie, in the neighborhood nf Bal- moral. Tho Ministers are either nt their country seats or yachting. Several members of Parliament have made their yoarly autumnal speeches to their constituents, but nono of the groat men ol' politics have yet said their say, unless Sir 0. Wood and Mr. Roebuck who have delivered themselves at the cutlers' feast at Sheffield, can he said to come within that category. Sir E. Bulwer Lytton and tho Due d'Aumalo have been lecturing on farming at agricultural societies' dinners. In America fortune seems to have turned for tiie present against tho Confederates. The siege of Charleston is going on, and Fort Stinipter, which had tho honor of opening tho war, is reduced to a heap of ruins. Tho Federals have also been successful in tbe West, and tho fact that President Davis has thought it necessary to put arms into tbo hands of tho blacks and raise negro regi- ments shows that tho Confederacy is hardly pressed. The attention of the Northeners is divided between tho war and the prepara- tions for tbe next Presidential election, and there are indications that there will be a pretty close struggle between tho Repub- licans, or extreme Abolitionists represented by tho government now in power, and tho Democrats or moro moderate politicians who aro not willing to emancipate tho negroes nt tho expense of their own freedom, and whose chief men nro General M'Clellan and Go- vernor Seymour of New York. President Lincoln has published a manifesto in the shape of a letter addressed to a convection at Illinois, in which he defends his past and de- clares his futuro policy. It is written in his peculiar style, homely and familiar in some parts, nnd in others so grandiloquent thnt it reads liko burlesque. He examines the dif- ferent suggestions which bavo been made as to the means by which tho war may ho brought to a close, and declares his decided opinion that this result can ho brought nhout only hy the entire defeat of tho Southern armies, mid tho conquest of tho Confederacy. Tho Confederates, on the other band, give not the loust indication of yielding, but say they aro bettor aldo to continue the contest than they wero last year; so that ns far as the two com- batants aro concerned, tho prospect of peaco is as remote as ever. Tho French occupation of Moxico.howover, has filled tho South with hope, and tho North with alarm. Tho Arch- duke Maximilian has accepted tho tbrono offerod to him hythe Emperor Napoleon, with tho guarnntoo of France, nnd it is evident that a Southern Confederacy established bo tweon the new umpiro and thc aggressive Republic of tho North would give it a far hotter chance of success than the re-esta- blishment of tho Union under a government which adnorcs to tho Monroe doctrino, and looks upon all governments on tho continent of America as intruders, and has an especial objection to those of a monarchical form. Indeed, if any unforeseen event should bring about the restoration of the Union, oven Franco would find somo difficulty iu making good her footing in a distant country, in op- position to tiie mighty armios which tho Union would have nt its disposal. It is gene- rally understood that tho Emperor bas re nowed his efforts to induce England to tako part with him in recognising tho Confede- rates, even if sho gives thom no other assist- ance; but thu English Cabinet perseveres in its policy of neutrality, and has even refused to join Frauce in guarantee- ing thc new Moxicnn empire Tho Soutliorn Commissioner in Paris, Mr. Slide]], has of late beon in frequent communi- cation with tho Emperor nnd his ministers, nnd no one would be surprised to learn that a decision had beon taken to wait no longer for England, but nt once to recognise the Con- federacy. Tho impartial neutrality of England has brought her into actual disgrace with both tho bolligoreuts. It will bo remembered that the famous Alabama, nnd sonic other vessols which had done immense mischief to tbe commerce of tho Federals, were built in Eng- land, mid although not equipped in an Eng- lish port wero talton to tho open sen and thoro supplied from another vessel with all tho necessary munitions of war, which had also boen brought from England. Tho Federals, who, it must be remembered, have beon al- lowed to como into tho English market for all kinds of arms, and who are now using Whit ? worth guns in tho sioge of Charleston, strongly protested against tho supply of vessels of war to their enemies, and in consequence of their representations, a vessel nbout to set sail from Liverpool?tho Alexandra?was arrested, and proceedings wero taken in tho Court of Ex- chequer to havo lier condemned under tho Foreign Enlistment Act. At tho trial of tho cause, the Lord Chief Baron ruled that tho moro building of a vessel for a bellicerent was no offence under that Act "if it did not receive its equipment in nn English port, and bis Lordship's ruling is to bo solemnly argued before all tbo Judges next term. Since that caso was tried, the govern- ment received information through tbo American Minister thnt somo steam-rams, intended for tho Confederates, wero boing built in the Mersey. Earl Russell at first declined to act on tbo information; but about a fortnight ago orders wero given that tbo rams were not to be allowed to leavo tho port. Of courso tho ovidonco upon which his Lordship bas taken this course is not yet beforo tho public; but the Confederates nro very indignant, nnd tho Southern Commis- sioner, Mr. Mason, has quitted England. It is difficult to understand any principle upon which a noutral can bo allowed to supply a battery of Whitworth guns, or a shipload of rifles, to a. belligerent, and prohibited from supplying n ship of war; but it is forcibly argued that it would bo greatly to tho ad- vantage of England, who is moro frequently a belligerent than a neutral in a maritimo war, to assent to tho establishment of n rule by which such a trade in ships of war would bo prohibited to neutrals. Theso, and many other, intricate questions of international law hnvo been, nnd will he, raised; and it will require all tbe skill of our statesmen and tho learning of our Judges, toplace tho law by which such matters nro hereafter to be rogulnted on a satisfactory footing. r_£ Tho Poles continue to maintain a gallant struggle against overwhelming odds, by means of small bands of insurgents dispersed all over the country, in tho hope that if they hold out long enough tho Western Powers will come to their assistance. They have lately had tho misfortune to lose one of tho bravest and most skilful of their leaders, named Lelewel. The French and English newspapers, especially the former, continue to publish accounts of Russian atrocities, and of battles and skirmishes, the truth of which there is no means of testing. No one can now doubt that tho diplomatists alone cannot give the slightest assistance to Poland, and that Russia will liston to no representation which is not supported by Hoots and armies. Ia August tho three pon-ers?England, France, and Austria?severally addressed a note to tho Russian government, and thoso notos, together with Prince Gortschnkoff's replies to them, which have latoly been re- ceived, havo just been published. Tho Miuisters of tho Three Powers outer into a long discussion of Prince GortsehakofV's answers to the six propositions they had before addressed to him, reiterate their argu- ments in favor of llloso propositions, and con elude with a paragraph, which is almost word for word tho same in each of tlie despatches, solemnly warniug the Russian government that if it persists in its rejection of all offers of mediation, it must take tho responsibility of the serious oonse /"|uenees whioh may follow. Prince Gorts ohakoff s answers are short nnd pithy. Ile re- peats that Russia cannot outer into any negotiation with tho Poles until tho insurrec- tion has been entirely suppressed, and assures tbe Three Powers that tho intentions of his august master with rogard to Poland are quito as benevolent ns those which they have expressed, but thinks that tho discussion had bettor bo closed, ns tho further it proceeds tho groater is the difference of opinion on al! the points in dispute aud finally declares tbat Russia is quite ready to accept thc responsi- bility of lier acts, and to abide by the conse- quences, whatever they may ho. Tho diplo- matic intervention is thus nt an ond, for if any answer is given to such a despatch it eau only tako the form of an ultimatum. When the discussion opened Russia was not pre- pared for ivar, and Prince Gortsohnkoff's des- patches wero complimentary and conciliatory in tho extreme. During tho time that has since elapsed defensive preparations havo boen busily pushed on throughout tho vast ompire; tho spirit of tho pooplo lins been , roused, tho wiuter will soon begin, no offensive movements, if any aro in con- templation, cnn take place until tho spring, and Prince Gortsehakoff has changed his tone. His last despatches arc defiant, not to say insulting. Tho people of this country havo no inclination to plungo into war with- out any definite notion us to tho object for which they aro fighting, but nt the same timo it is irritating to bear patiently such a rebuff as that which tlioy have just received from Russia. Across tho channel there is a very strong warlike feeling. The despatch to Franco wns even less civil than thoso to England and Austria; in fact, it might havo boon intended for a challenge instead of a friendly diplomatic communication, and tho French Press is extremely indignant. It was regarded by many ns a significant fact that tho same number of the Moniteur in which the Russian note was published, also contained a long niomorandnni.oecupying several columns, addressed by the National Government of Po . land to Prince Czartooyski, its representative and agent in Paris. There is no doubt that if England would consent to join her Franco would bo dolightod to make anothor Rus- sian campaign, but whether she will enter upon tho contost single-handed remains to bo soon. Tho French Emperor scorns to have been toking a complete holy day with his wife at Biaritz, and ho is not oxpoctcd to return to Paris until the begin- ning of October. It will therefore probably be somo wooka before any definite conclusion is como to by tho three governments as to tho best course to bu adopted. The following telegrams contain tho latest news that has reached us respecting tho Polish quostion:? La france and tho Pays think that tho pub- lication of tho Polish Memorandum by thc Moniteur has given rise to exaggerated com- ments. The Pays publishes an article, signed hy its editorial secretary, which says:? " Contrary to tho assertions of foroigu journals, tho agreomont of Franco and Eng- land with Austria is rather strengthened than wonkonod by present incidents." La Nation announces that, according lo in- formation received from a Vienna correspon- dent, M. Droityn do Lhuys, immediately on boing furnished with tho Russian reply, com- municated with tho French Ambassador at Vienna, requesting bim to romind Count Recbberg that Austria took the initiative in tho six points, and thnt consequently it be- longed to Austria to tako tho initiative in re- questing tho formal adhesion of Russia to tho six points, and, if thought expodicnt, to de- mand that Russia should immediately com- mence carrying the same into effect. Count Iteohberg was disagreeably sur- prised by tho proposition of tho Duke do Gramont, and immediately referred it to tho Emperor, who appeared surprised and dissa 'tisfiod at this demand being addrcssod to Austria. Tho Vienna correspondent of tho Nation adds that tho request made by tho Duke de Gramont was a formal ono, accompanied by certain observations imparting to it extreme gravity. Tho Duke do Gramont is said to havo allowed it to bu seen that France at- tached such importance to the initiative claimed from Austria that he would not an- swer for tho consequences that might result from tho refusal of tho Vienna Cabinet, ovon from a point of view affecting tho Austrian possessions in Italy. La Nation applauds tho policy of the French Govern men t, and statos that Prince Napoleon leaves this evening for London on a mission, it is believed, to tho English Go- vernment. The same journal believes itself able to state that Baron Gros will bo replaced at London, but thnt his successor is not yet designated. Tho Duke do Porsigny and Count Walewski aro spoken of to fill the post. ThoCohgress of Kings ut Frankfort soparatod after having agreed to tho Austrian proposals for a reform of tho Federal Constitution. These proposals have been forwarded to the King of Prussia, and bis government aro now ocoupiod in drawiug up counter proposals. The only alteration that hus taken pince in the internal concerns of Prussia is that tho Chambers havo boon dissolved. Tho govern- ment howevor is just as unpopular as ever with tho great muss of their countrymen, and thu new Parliament will be found quito ns troublesome, if not moro so, than tho Inst. Thu Channel Hoot, under tho command of Admiral Daercs, has been making a tour of the coast, and staying nt somo of tho princi- pal ports of England, Scotland, and Ireland. Their visit has boon tho occasion of great festivities at every placu whero they have stayed, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Belfast, and Liverpool havo vied with each other in tho warmth of their reception, nnd dinners and balls for tho officers and entertainments for the mon hnve beon provided on a scale of great magnificence. Their noxt visit is to Dublin. Ono un- pleasant incident, howover, occurred in Scot- land. Tho principal people of the Church of Scotland thought proper to take offence nt tho number of poisons who went to seo tho vessels on Sundays, and addressed a remon- strance to tho Admiral, urging him to pre- vent the "desecration of tho .Sabbath," by giving ordors that no visitors should bo received on a Sunday, and that tho officers and men should not bo allowed to go ashore that day. The Admiral, of course, declined to alter tho rules of her Majesty's service in ordor to avoid shocking tho tender con- sciences of theso righteous peoplo; and they thereupon sent in a memorial to the Ad- miralty. They received a very proper rebuke in reply from tho First Lord, tho Duke of Somerset, at which they woro very in- dignant. An outbreak of Sabbatarianism lias also taken place at a small village in Essex. It appears that throe or four men, who rented a littlo land, had cut their hay, and one Sun- day, thinking it was likely to rain, they ob- tained the assistance of sumo of their neigh- bors and a few workmen, nnd proceeded''to carry it. They woro all taken before tho magistrates, and thc Justice Shallows of thc district thought proper to inflict a fine on them under an old mid obsolete statuto of Charles II., fm-desecrating tho Sabbath. Tho fines not being paid, tho police seized tho goods of the offenders to the amount of tho fines, and sold them. This tyrannical pro- ceeding has excited great and almost universal indignation, nnd subscriptions have been raised, not only to ro-iuiburso tho mon for their loss, but also to try the question of the legality of tho sentence of tho magistrates. Ono of tho last trials on tho Home Circuit nt tho last assizes attracted a great deal of public interost. For some years past Colonol Wooley, of Campdon House, Kensington, has beon a vory prominent figure in tho fashion- able world. He gavo splendid nnd costly en- tertainments, and bis private theatricals were famous. Last year Colonel Wooley's houso was burnt to tho ground, and ho brought notions against tho various offices in which ho lind insured for largo amounts. Tho offices resisted. tho claim on tho ground that Colonel Wooley bad himself burnt his house, or caused it to bo burnt, in order to reliovo himself from pecuniary diffi- culties. At tho trial it was elicited that in former times the Colonel had been a waiter, or somctliiug Uko it, nt nu hotol iu London, nnd thnt he was a vory needy mnn until lie married a lady of property, and had onco lived in n very expensive style It was, how- ever, proved that tho houso was full of costly furniture, pinto, pictures, etc., to the full as valnablo ns Hie sum for which ho wns insured, and no evidence was given tending to bring home to him the crime of arson. Tho conse- quence wns that the jury, after a long en- quiry, gavo him a verdict for tho full amount claimed, nnd the conduct of tho in- surance officos in making such a. chnrgo ngainst him on such insufficient ovidenco, and endeavoring to support it by obliging him to disclose all the disagreeable incidents of his past 1 IfV-, bus boon very much censured. A well known public servant has died during the past month?Mr. Edward Ellice, M.P. for Coventry. Ho was tho political secretary of tho Treasury at tho time of tho passing of tho Reform Bill; but has lint held office for many years. Ho was, however, always looked up to ns ono of tho most in- fluential lenders, or advisers, of tho Whigs; and, although an active politician, was highly esteemed by mon of all parties. Tho thontros aro beginning to prepnro for the winter campaign. Drury Limo has oponod, under tho management of Mr. Falconer, with a now comedy from the pen of tho manager?rather a dull ono according to all accounts. Mr. Alfred Mellon lins beon filling Covent Garden with promonado con- certs a la fullicn. Tho Tickot-of-Lcnve Mnn nt tho Olympic, nnd tho Ghost at tho Adelphi, still continuo to run. Mr. Charles Mathews has porformed tho extraordinary feat of play- ing, in Paris, a French part in u French piece written by himself. The first night his suc- cess was rather doubtful; but now, wo aro told, all Paris is flocking to seo him. Tho savans of thu British Association had their annual week of lectures, discussions, dinnors, speeches, mid excursions nt Now cnstle-on-Tyno, Sir Vf. Armstrong presiding, and ona of tho principal features of the ses- sion wns tho examination of tho vast iron works nt Elswick, where tho manufacture of tho great guns is carried on. In a short time a Social Science Congress is to moot at Edinburgh. A somewhat stormy discussion respecting transportation has boon going on in tho Lon- don journals, in which tho colonial sido of the question bas been ably argued by Mr. Wilson. A great deal of violent language has been used, somewhat unnecessarily ns it seoms to mo, for no government would bo foolish enough to oppose tho almost universal opinion of tho colonies themselves on such it question, nnd that opinion having hoon expressed, aJl that tho government has to do is to find somo other plnco for tho ro coption of their black sheep. Tho world is largo enough, and there nro plenty of un- pleasant places to send thurn to whuro thoir banishment would hu roal piinisblnout to them, nnd their labor would ho of survico in propnring tho way for honest men. Wo loam by tho Capo of Good Hopo mail that tho Confederate war steamers Alabama and Georgia wero cruising off tho const. Tho Alabama captured in sight of thousands of tho colonists tho Fodoral bnrquo Sea Bride, ns sho was running into 'Pablo Bay. Tho United Stntos Consul protested against tho capture on tbo ground that it took plnco -within British waters, but tho Governor de- cided against him. Tho Georgia wns in Simon's Bay when tho mail left. Tho Ala- bama wns visited by great numbers during her stay in 'Pablo tiny. Tho Judgeship, in tho Court of Exchequer, resigned by Baron Wilde upon his appoint- ment to the Judgeship of tho Probate nnd Divorce Court, is to bo givon to Hr. Sorgoant Pigott, ono of tho two liberal moinburs for Reading and Rocordor of Horoford. Tho Austrians residing in England have forwarded to tho Emperor Francis Joseph an address, congratulating bis Majesty nu his recent development of tho union policy in Ger- many, and testifying the just prido which they entortnin of their country and their Sovereign, whom tlioy term " thc generous, the pride of Austria, tho regenerator of Ger- many." The Peninsular and Oriontnl Steam Navi- gation Company havo received a tologram, stating that their steamship Paonah, which loft Southampton with the Calcutta, China, and Australian mails on tho 20th instant, put into Lisbon yesterday to repair damage sus- tained by hor machinery, and that it is not probnblo she will leavo there boforo tho 29th instant. Tho Times is nuthorisod to state that, notwithstanding this accident, Ibo out- ward mail via .Marseilles will ho despatched on tho 20th instant, as usual, in order that no detention may bo caused to the correspond- ing homeward mails from Australia, Ssc, duo in London on tho 13th of October. Tho following telegraphic summary of tbo latest American news appears in to- day's Times:? Now York, Soptembor lo. Confederate accounts from Charleston to the 11th state that a steady fire upon Morris Island was maintained by both tho Confede- rate batteries, for tho purpose of rendering Forts Wagner and Grogg untenable to tba Federals. A service magazine in Grogg had boon exploded by a shull from James Island. General Bonurogard's official roport of tho repulse of thc boat attack upon Sumter, dated tho 9th, states that tba captures were 113 officers and privates, four boats, nnd throe flags. Tho Federal transport Nollio Pontz, from Hilton-head on tho ll th, reports that nows had boon recoived at that port of the eapturo of ono half of James Island by tho Federals. Tho captain of tho Nollio Pent/, stntos that when he passed Charlston bar, at 4 p.m. on the 12th, a white flag was flying over Moultrie. General Gilmoro is reported by tho Wash- ington Republican to bavo asked instructions from tho government as to the expediency of destroying Charleston if he could not capture tbe forts that defend it, and to have been in- formed in reply that he was to bombard the city until it surrendered. General Lee has fallon hack from the line of the Rappahannock towards Gordonville. General Pleasanton, with a cavalry force, ndvauced on tho 10th, and after a sharp skirmishing, in which bo lost 10 mon in killed and wounded, took possession of Culpopper, capturing three cannon and a few prisonors. On tho 1.4th ho moved forward to the Rnpidnn River, but, finding the Confederates strongly posted on the opposite hank, he refrained from crossing. An extra session of tho Virginia Legis- lature was convened at Richmond on tho Ut h. Resolutions offered by Mr. Collier, of Peters- burg, to send commissioners to the governois of tho Federal States to demand that tho question of peacenblo separation bu submitted to the people of tho North, through tho medium of tho ballot-box, were unanimously voted down. A lotter in tho New York Daily News, dated Richmond. September ll, states that tho abandonment of Chattanooga, Knoxville, and tho strong y fortified positions in the Cumberland Mountains by General IJrugg is severely commented nn mid considered en- tirely "inexplicable. The same letter an- nounces that a messongor from General Forey, in Moxico, had arrived in Richmond and held long interviews with Tresidcitf Davies and Secretaries Seddon and Benjamin ; ; that a Cabinet Council bad speedily followed, ! and that it was confidently assorted tho mes- senger was the bearer of overtures of alliance from tho French Emperor. Governor Vance, of North Carolina, in an appeal to the peoplo of his State to sustain its honor in thu struggle for the establish- ment of tho Confederacy and thc maintenance of liberty, denouiicod tho wonkheartedness that had been exhibited in tho holding of peace meetings, and the spirit of insubordina- tion evinced in tho threats of resistnncu to tho conscription nnd taxation laws. Ho gave warning that3iich proceedings and intentions must bo renounced, and declared that so long as ho remained in the Executive every en- actment of the Confederate authority should bo rigidly enforced. Mr. Seward, in a circular issued on the 12th ult. to tho Federal Ministers abroad, which was yostordny published in this city, re- capitulated tho military operations from August 1SI12, to August lStiH. Ho alleges thnt tho advantages in evory conflict during that period had been with tho Federals, and that the results proved that tho end of tho re- bellion was rapidly approaching. Ho di- rected tho Ambassadors to uso tho facts so set forth in tho most efftsctivo manner, to'con- vince those who desired tho renewal of com- mercial prosperity through tho restoration of peace in America thnt tho quickest method to gain that end would ho to withdraw all support from tho Confederates, and lenvo tho people of the United States to settle their own difficulties. President Lincoln will immediately issue a proclamation suspending tho writ of habeas corpus in nil casus arising in tho military nnd naval service. This matter, it is understood, wns considered and resolved upon at tho Cabinet meeting huld yesterday at Washing- ton. Letters from New Orleans of the 2Sth re- port that General Washbiirne, with 17 regi- ments, was to leavo thnt city for tho Rio Grande on the following day, and that many other troops had already been sent forward to thc same destination. On Saturday, tho 12th inst., an attempt lo hang tho hon. D. W. Voorhoes, member of Congress from Indiana, nnd n distinguished member of tho (Democratic party, was mado by a party of soldiers belonging to his own Stnto, who wero travelling in tho same train with him botwoen Torre Haute and Green castle. Ho was rescued hy tho oflieurs In command, but wns compelled to loavo tho train to avoid further violence. Of tho -10,000 voters in tho city of Balti- more, 84,000 are assorted to sympathize with tho South, nnd to bo only kept from ovort acts of disloyalty by the operation of martini law as administered by General Schcnck. Now York, Scptomber 17. Tho statements of tho reduction of Fort Moultrie and tho occupation of a portion of James Island by tho Federals, brought by tho Nullio Penlz on tho loth, have been contra dieted by lator arrivals from Charleston. Confederate accounts of tho 14th and loth state that tho Fodorals woro perfecting ar- rangements for tho pormnnont occupation of Morris Island, and wore orocting a telegraph lino along tho coast from Ty bee Island to Cummings Point. It is reported from Washington, npsorted to ho upon good authority, that General Gilmore has tendered his resignation to tho President in consequence of a disagreement betwoen himsolfand Admiral Dahlgron, and that Mr. Lincoln will not accept it, but is meditating tho replacement of Admiral Dahlgron by Admiral Farragut. Genornl Ploasanton wns still unable to effect a crossing of tho Rapidan on tho ICth. Various statements nro made of thu inten- tions of Genornl Leo. It is assorted, by somo that his retreat is morely a ruse by which ho dusigns to draw Genornl Meade aeross tho Rapidan, and then, hy rapid (lank move- ments, himself to recross both tho Rnpidnn and Rappahannnck, interpose his forces botwoen Genornl Monda and Washington, and march directly upon thnt city. On tho other hnnd, it is positively avor'red that tho bulk of his army, with tho oxcoption of ?10,000 men left in Virginia for tho defonco of Richmond, has beon sont to Tennessee tn co- operate with Gonornls Bragg and Johnstone against Generals Rosecrans and Burnside. Tho Now Orlonns correspondent ol' tho St. Louis Republican, under dato of tho 3rd instant, states that 10,000 troops of tho Rio Grande oxpedition lind already gono forward hy sea, and that another division had boen sent off overland via tho T'oeho countiy. Tho President's proclamation suspending tho hubcap corpus throughout tho United Status was issued on tho loth. Great indig- nation against tho edict is manifested hy tho democratic journals. Tho Daily News says?" Wo must not lose our writ of habeas corpus. Tho intention of Hie proclamation must bo defuuted at every hazard?hy remonstrance, hy argument, hy ontrcnty, or by force oven, if that bo neces- sary." '1 he Republican journals npprovo tho pro- clamation. Tho public generally treat tho matter with tho greatest unconcorn. 