ILLUSIONS. On this interesting topic we find the follow ing remarks in the British Quarterly Review. Tbo writer saiy :s-lhisions . may arise either from disorder of thli sensis, or from an error of judgment upon data correctly derived" from their evidence. Thus a person may see dou ble, or- see only the half of an object;. or he may see that object distorted, or. variously colored, or modified in an infinity of wa)s-a most prolific .source of. ghost- saeing. This chiefly pccnis undci the influence of a predomi saint train of thought, an ibsorbing emotion, or an excited state of the imagination. One illus. tration will serve as the type of .the whole; it is related by Dr. Terriar in his "Theory of Aliparitiores" A gentlemianwas b.nighted whilbt travelling alone, in a remote `'art of ,the Highliands of Scotland, and was cobmielled to ask shelter for the evening at a small lonhly linte; When he :was.to be condncted to. his bedroom, the landlady pbservoed, with m) astri. ous'ei-lutinceo; tlathlie'ould |ind the window very insecnur. On exaiiination,'he fou~d tlinh part of theo wall had been broken dosin to enlarge the opening. After some enquiry he was ' told that is podlar, who had lodged iii the itme room a short tiie before-, had.committed? aoicido, and was fonnd haning behind the,door in.the morning. _ Ac cording to:the superastition of the .coantry, it was deemed improper to removethe body by the door of the house, and to convey it through .the windoiw was irmpiossible, without removing a pirt ofhe ?wvall,' Sothoh'lints were dropped that the room hdd beou subseqgetly haunted by the poor man's spirit. My friend laid his arms, properly pri?-~piId against intrusion of any kind, by his' bedside, and retired to rest 'not without sonio dgree of apprehension. He was visited ii a drea'si 'by a frightful ap. parition, and awakiugin agony, he fonnd him. self sitting up in bed, with a pistol grasped in his right hand. On casting a fearful glance round the room, he d T ecred by the moon. light, a corpse dressed in a abshroad, reared against the well, close to the window. With much difficulty he summoned up rose. lotion. toapproach the dismal ol ject, the fea tures of which, and tbo minutest parts of its fneoral apparel, lie perceived di.tinctly. He passed one hand over it, felt noth ing, and staggered back to bed. Aftera? long interval and much renasoning with'.lnmself, he renewed his investigation, and at length discovered that the object of his terror wasp?rodbeed by the moonbeams forming a long bright image through the window, on which his fancy, im. pressoel by his dream, had plotured, with mis chievoue accuracy, the lineimoente of a:body prepared for intermen,. Powerful associations of terror, in this instance, had excited the recolleted images with uncommon,force and effect." Illesions of the sensls, are common in our appreciation of form, distance, colour, and motion, and .also from a. lack of comprehension 'of the physical powers of nature, in the pioduetion of images of distant objects. A stink in wafer:inppears bent or broken ; the squire tower at a distance looks round; .distantobjects appear to move, when we- oorsolves. only are in motioi, the heavenly bodies appear to revolve round the earth. All oun' readers will also be fainiliar with the Spectre of'thelo Brockln, the Fata llorgana, and the Hfiago; all of which were long supposed lto have a superiatural 'oriuin; untilthey were shown to be die:to theordi. nary laws of light andlatmospherio influences. All those illusions are easily rectified by the judglment, and are transitory in, the some mind. Amongst the iusahe; Ais~i~aes of ono person for another, ahd illusions, ofthe.inost varied and perverse oharacter,, are, the miost constant and durable symptoms of the mental disorder., 