MELBOURNE. CFrom oar own CorresDondent.i The most important, and yet the most melan choly item in my news by this mail is the unexpected death of the -well-known railway contractor, J. V. A. Bruce. The -deceased gentleman was in his usual health on the morning of the day, but at night com plained of a slight pain in his head, and expressed his belief that something serious would happen, and desired tbe attendance of bis medical man, which, al though promptly rendered, was. of no avail- he gradually sank, and at seven :j-'clock died. ' His funeral was one of th% largest that has taken place in Melbourne for some years (excepting Burke and Wills s.) The members of the Ministry, and of the Municipal Council of Castlemaine, together with a number of members of the different Masonic lodges, formed part of the procession. Mr. Bruce was a man of indomitable energy, remarkable shrewd ness, and unflinching perseverance, having fought bis way up to his present position entirely by his force of character. He was the originator of the now cele brated 'new way to pay old debts,' an idea which has been successfully worked out by many of the churches in Victoria. It consists in collecting ar ticles from persons who have no use for them, and, when sufficient are collected, a public auction is held, and they are generally disposed of at very fair prices. I»ast Friday evening, a youth named Murphy was creating a slight disturbance at St. Francis's Church, for which lie waa given into custody by the Bav. Mr. Biardon. After the charge had been entered, the reverend gentleman, repenting of hiB precipitancy, desired to have the charge withdrawn ; this the watch-house keeper refused to do. The Eev. gentleman then proceeded to' a Jtoman Catholic Justice of the peace, named Dr. McCarthy, who re leased the prisoner. The daily papers comment very strongly upon this interference with the course of justice, characterising it as an 'unwarrantable act,' and that at present, with Roman Catholic Priests and Soman Catholics Justices of the Peace, nothing is im possible. There is, however, a great possibility of Dr. McCarthy being struck off the roll as a Justice of the Peace for the colony of Victoria. Garotting in Melbourne appears to be on the in crease. The other night a postman was stuck up in EaBt Melbourne. Showing some resistance, his ruffian assailant said, 'If you move or speak I will cut your throat.' The worst of it is, none of the perpetrators of these outrages have as yet been dis covered ; their success will no doubt incite others to the committal of similar crimes. Melbourne Punch has recently changed editors, much to the improvement of the journal. Some of the wood-cuts are very good ; last week, for instance, contained a capital one — A stockman is represented speaking to a black bullock-driver ; he asks him to take some stores to the station ; and concludes with ' Do you savee? ' The blackfellow with a look of in effable disdaiH, exclaims, ' Go — blazes ! take me for a Chinaman ? ' The illustration is headed ' Colonial pride.' Kaolin, which is gradually superseding whiting, and becoming an article of export, is being found in many parts of the colony. The Battarat Star an nounces the discovery of a stratum of pare kaolin, nearly aB fine as that prepared for the market by washing. The Herald, a daily paper claiming at one time to be the second in Victoria, has recently reduced its size and price, the former to four pages, and the latter to one penny. The alteration may be successful in increasing the number of its subscribers, but I cannot imagine how they expect it to pay. They advertise their number of circulation as over 9,000. There is plenty .of reading matter, but, unfortunately for the proprietors, very few advertisements. This fact must in time tell against it, and although it may linger for a while, it will eventually, like the Evening News and the Time*, give up the ghost. On Easter Monday the Volunteer Review took place, and was not the success that many anticipated. Only some 1,500 volunteers attended. Very few now seem to doubt the fact that the volunteer movement is slowly but surely dying out. Like many other things, it has had its day. Great numbers of the volunteers do not attend drill at all now, and are patiently waiting their two years of service to expire. The weather has lately been very fine indeed, and during the holidays all Melbourne was 'out of town.' 