SKETCHES IN THE HOUSE dr. mackay (not tiie hon and learned member for sale, but the member for north gipps land), is " inaudible in the gallery." Dr Mackay (not the lion and learned member for Sale, but the member for North Gipps Land), is by no means the least active member of the House, though lie does not often occupy a very large space in tlie columns ot tlie newspapers. All the reporters love Dr Mackay (not tho lion and loarned member for Sale, but the member for North Gipps Land), first because he is said to he a jolly good fellow, and secondly, because he is generally " inaudible in the gallery." Dr. Mackay ' (not the lion anil learned member for Sale, hut the member for North Gipps Land), has tried both sides of the House, and both ends of the House, and still without effect. His questions are mere echoes, his motions are unreal, his resolutions are ghosts — lie is ever and inevitably "inaudible in the gallery." He is a phantom, a shadow, a spirit, a voice, a wandering star, and . a 1 report is fast getting about that he is the original Simpson — for I you might as well ask the first man you meet wliether lie lias seen that myste rious individual, as ask the reporter on your left hand, or the reporter on your right hand, whether .lie can hear Dr Mackay (not the hon and learned member for Sale, but the member for North Gipps Land). Now, this being so, comes the ques tion, — Why does Dr Mackay (not the lion and learned member for North Gipps Land), ever speak at all in the House ? Why is he not a silent member — why does ho not pair off with Weeks ? not that Weeks is a silent member — would to Heaven he were — but his name occurs first as one of the Opposition who might he spared without much detriment to the cause of legislation or the country, Then, if anybody were to ask "where is Simpson?" or "have you seen Simpson?" you might reply, yes, I saw him in the lobby, near the refresh ment" room just now, iii company with Weeks. With Weeks?! why, I thought tlie -White Hnrt— Hush ! that's a fable, Weeks denied ' it on the floor of tho House, in his own inimitable babbling way, lie denied it— said it was a scan-; daious libel, but would not have been if he had got the chance. But, if it' was not Weeks, who was it? I don't know, I can't toll/perhaps it was Simp son — not tlmt Simpson, out some other Simpson. Oh! I see, not the hon and learned member for-—- ? No, hut the member for — 1 — hush ! there is Simpson, not this Simpson, but the other Simpson. Thank you, your -explanation is very intelligible. Merciful Heaven ! Thou rather, with Thy sharp and sulphurous holt, split'st the unwedgeahle and gnarled oak than — Simpson! One question and four notices of motion all in one day, and at one fell swoop. No wonder Wood, Minister of Justice", called him an om nium gatherum — he said it, tho motion, but lie meant him, the Simpson. Where is the Recording Angel ? Soft being, if Wood, Minister of Justice, should blas pheme at Frnzer, sotto voce, for the re mainder of the session, do your duty like an angel, and as you write down the un parliamentary expletive, drop a tear upon the word, and blot it out for ever ! Oh ! Titania, queen of fairies, have you seen Simpson? Tlie lion and learned Simpson — Omnium Gatherum Mackay ? No, not the hon nnd learned member for Sale, hut the hon member for North Gipps Land. How many more times must I explain that? You linve ?, Well, then, take him away ; Wood, Minister of Justice, says he's an omnium gatherum, and lie is certainly inaudible in the gallery. Stay, put not the ass's head upon him, for though he is inaudible in the gal lery, he is, all the reporters say so, a jolly good fellow. Say you ? — Is that Weeks, whose head you have got under your other arm ? the babbling, emollient, flowing, flowery, hut most unnecessary Weekes ? "Veeks, Yeeks, how you do, Veeks." Your pardon, Pickwick; your pardon, I entreat, my dear sir. Titania, Queen of Paries, call Puck immediately — hid him do what he likes with Weeks. Wood, Minister of Justice, tho Recording Angel says you may blas pheme Frazcr mildly for the remainder of the session as much as you please, that he does not care a well, now a fig, he does not caro a fig what you say to him, and on tlie part of his recording brethren, they have no difficult' at all in the matter— they promise you that, on such occasions, you, too, shall he " in audible in the gallery." Mubbay COD.— The remarkable success attendant upon the pisciealtural experiment of the bon T. A. Murray, in transplanting the River Murray cod into the waters of Lake George, should encourage a similar attempt at accHmitiastion in tho rircrs of this district. Tlie Bungendorc correspondent of the Golden Age of Thursday says.— "I'lie supply of codfah seems to bo equal to . tho demand. I do not oxaggorate when I say that upwards of half a ton have been caught the last fourteen dnye. On Friday last, to my knowledge, noarly a hun dred were hooked; the smallest I linvo seen is about six pounds, and the largest ninctoen pounds weight., Wliilo writing this a lad is passing with lialf-a-dozen over his shoulder; nnd your correspondent, who lias neither tho timo nor patiencs that an angler requires, made llio attempt, and drew two out of the water, w lgning oboit eight poun a each." — S. 31. tieiald, Maroh 12. The steward of tlie Golden Gate lmd as nice an idea of dying rich as Captain Sliuks,, in ' Peter Simple," had of dying respectable. IIo picked up all tlie gold lie could find lying round loose, put it into two bags, and, witli one in each hand, jumped overboard. As lie didn't come up it was supposeu lie died quite well oil. — American Paper. 