NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. In the Assembly, Mr. Samuel has given notice that he will move on tho lllh August that it is desirable that Sir Morton l'oto and Co. be requested to submit tenders for Uia oomplejelion of the railway to Ooulburn within three years | from Goulburn to the Murray rivor within Ave year*, or from Balhurst to the Murray, whichever may bo deemed the most eligible ; also, from Fenrith to Hatliurst and Mudgee in throe years | and from Singleton to Murrurrundi'In four years. Wo understand that the right Eev. Dr. Mcsac Thomas, Church of England Bishop of Goulburn. will leave for Australia by the October mail, and jnpy thoncfore be oxpected in December. HiB Lordship's stay in England has been postponed by his being engoged in obtaining subscriptions in aid of tbo endowment of tho see.—Mr. C. S. Alexander has been appointed treasurer, and Mr,F. E. L Boss! lion, sec., of the committee clected to carry out the erection of c residence for the Rev. R. Leigh. During tlio trial of Peang Jem and turn Tec, for robbing Ark Sing, another Chinaman, on Tuesday last, a Chinese witness named Ah Poon, upon being interrogated by his Honor Judge Callaghan, as to what would become of him after death if ho was to lead a bad and wicked life, said that if he was a good man while alive when dead ho would be a ghost. If a very bad man, lie might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinaman witness, the prosecutor, stated in reply to Iiib honor, that he prayed to a wooden god he had in a joss houso in China, and if lie told a lie his god would cause him to be struck by lightning, or cause him to full from his horse, or some other ouch calamity might befall liim. Kotn'ilhstandi)jgrthe bolief orHJjeso gentlemen of the probableVaults of their condufebJii this world, the case tlien^oeing tried, was stayed by ElfrJjonor, in consequprfce of the apparent gross peijurylsonimiltcd by, these samo men. So much for Chinese oatlis,—Bcdtjwooft Kems. We have on one or two Srevjous occasions drawn attention to the diminishing nuibbfr of " competent" hands now found dictations at shearing time, We have thiB week bqpn reminded on tmS^ubjcct by a correspondent, wjfo observes " I would calH^he attcntion of the vapfoui squatters in this and the surrounding districts,no the propriety, indeed I would <S>vell to say necessity, of their placing some learners on their shearing boards this soason. Seeing that tho number of sheep to be shorn are increasing, and that the number of old shearers arc 011 the decrease, unlesB wo hove a fresh supply of young blood soon, wo will be in a similar position to that in which the squatting community stood when the gold diggings first broke out. To obviate this and prevent a repetition of lynch-law shearing, it behoves every squatter to put on a few learners in the' sublime' art of shearing for the next two or three years, and soon we would have a fresh and doubtless more reputable race of shearers to fill our sheds." Our correspondent is a practical man, and his romarkB arc of a practical nature, and should bo heeded cro the evil attains any serious magnitude i every week we hear of cattle stations being turned into sheep runs, while tho general tendency of events points to the probability of these districts being devoted mainly to the production of wool; henco the creation and retention of a body of competent shearers Is a matter which must yearly become a subjcct of increased importance. Wc arc quite sure that if some of our squatters would discuss the matter together something might be decided on, whereby the increasing inoonvenicncc would be avoided, or at least considerably mitigated.—Pastoral Fines, A circumstance happened a few evenings sinco wliich at another time might have been loughod at as a mere thoughtless freak, but bemg considered in connection with tho frightful lawlessness, which is cropping out 111 all directions, tho fact becomes one of serious significance, when tho rosult prhves that the impunity enjoyed by bushrangers, suggests an lmitation of their tactics to the rising generation. The case wo olludo to is as follows:—A boy purchased some sweetmeats at tlio shop of Mr. Hawley, the confe tioncr, and conung out of tho door was followed and waylaid by two others; an old pistol was held at his head, and a demand mado for the parcel of Bwccts. Tlie boy in foar gave up his purchase, and the young highwaymen seompered away with their prize. Wliero I will all this end i—Baltvrst Times. flogged— Tlio l'ass Courier's correspondent writes as follows" under the heading " News from the Seat of War :"— "Tho Cowper-M'terie Association" are in this distriet now making an immense effort to damage, if not ruin, the hitliorto highly successful operations of the 1 Gardiner and Gilbert General Sticking-up Comlany," whoso third "annual report" to the share- . olders will not, I consider, bo so satisfactory as the second. The bush around hore swarms with stalwart troopers, and the town of Young presents all the anxious bustle and appearance of a beleaguered city. Knots of sonii- martial looking men aro to be nie't at every turn. The oouncil of war consists of nearly a dozen detectives, or seven or eight inspectors I and sub-inspectors, throe superintendents, end bii in-1 spector-gencral. So wc all think—alas, perhaps " the wisli is father to (he thought!"—that tho bushrangers' days are numbefed. The fi following, taken from theHobart Town Mercuty I displays Jsplays a decree of intellectual Jlafltse, rarely exiiibiled even in our own accomplished New South Wales;—Disgraceful Fraud.—By tho Highlander, J whicli arrived yesterday, a stone weighing 102 lbs was j brought hack to this port, tho same having been taken out of o bale of pressed hay, shipped in heron her lost trip to Sydney but one. The site of tho stono leaves no doubt as to what was tho intention of the owner ] of llie hay, which wo understand camo out of tlio I Brighton District. Messrs. Learmouth and Dickcnson I were the purchasers of the hay in Sydney, and it is j througli tlieir instrumentality that the stone has been returned here. We believo there n every probability of the fraud being brought home to tlio pcrp#rator who it it i& to be sinccrely hoped, for the ertdit of Tasmania, will be punished as he deserves. life stono icoks for itself as to the locality from Vlience it / Kiiblio opinion strongly-inclines to the opinion that tlu7W tragedy in tlie^Jomain was an.^ct of self rniiX We doubt, however, whetherAucli an assuinpuaii can ever l» established by facts. l T \ „ , „ ,, * ' „ for A correspondent of the ifcrfW^ Fnr Prat_ rtiitcs that arty of three upon fourteeiuniles from Louisa Crook, and twelve from Tambaropra. Tho lucky find was deposited within ven' aeeassiblo reach of the prospectors, lying only two feet bel\w tlieeurfaeo. A meeting of (fco Intercolonial Bowing Match ] Committee wailo havo been hdd yesterday afternoon, j but, a quorum not bising present, the meeting was postlioncd. In answer lo the invitation of the coinmittee, eifihleeii amateftr oarsmen have sent thoir names to Oie secretary as eahdidatcs for the honor of representing New Soutli Wales iu the next aquatic contort to come off at Melbourne. It is not inten-1 ded lo select tlie crow until about a month before the the intercolonial cricket match is usually plavod—and had the committee have met, a proporiUto to that effect would ifrobably liave been mbnnttod.-r^rf«<y \- - ^ ^A*'m«stine of the -creditors of the firm - iMthn iud" Co. hu hoen hdd. Debts, l^VW®-1 The flrrfhave inado «n offer of 7s. cd. in the pauad, which/ias hoen refused. IVusleea have bem ap; ted to wind up tlio afiaira of tlie estate. IlUwam Merer; the jOaiuuff has agr«d to accept an apology- 1 ar. At a e|H-cial meeting of the Biwraie OMnml, Mr. Robertson hu tan dwted delegate <0 ttie fcjdney |i111Dlff\ lQtl UV HWIU JWU »»» ' 1—— ieJav those now in Sydniy on behalfof the Anoeu-1 tion, Iw oonwuted tuaUrtby to-day »eoadi,MM to 1 take the *t«mer whioli le«v« Melbourne on woiiaa} - tj by Ihe inability of of one or two mow geotianen deaw of the Council audlhe peopte ° n « f.wicv occasion M r. llobert«n P*™ Mewelf to be put in nomination, but dedincd in eon-1 W ^ l S t ^ n l r r l m l \ i^TlrichZnpHhim Z l^rfaTthe ,Se«nt conoMed ItatHr. "othenumber of delate. U ^nis brtUt acquaintli with S ^ m S L H i v e r i n a J w ^ ^ t h ^ b r,l ve to demand, whid. ? ? 