NEWS AND NOTES. On Saturday, Colonel Pitt and Captain Richards arrived at Ballarat and took up their quarters at Craig's Royal Hotel, where they received appli- cations from persons willing to join the New Zealand militia. In the course of the evening thirty strap- ping young fellows underwent medical examination and were formally passed for service. They will proceed by the first train for Melbourne this morn- ing, and will be accompanied by Mr Wallace, son of Major Wallace, who has been appointed to the rank of Lieutenant. We are informed that several other persons offered themselves for service, but were not quite prepared to start at once, and were therefore refused. On Saturday afternoon a fine horse was killed in Sturt street, opposite the Gas Works, by the pole of a vehicle coming in the contrary direction, entering his chest just below the second rib. The accident seems to have happened in consequence of the confu- sion prevailing in the street at the time by four vehicles meeting from different points. The very first snake of the season was killed last week in Mr Tunbridge's premises in Doveton street. It made its partial exit from a hollow log lying near the steam chaff cutter, but was despatched before he had many minutes enjoyed the prospect of the com- ing spring, of which he may be styled an unwelcome herald. Its length was about four feet. Some few days ago we alluded to a highway rob- bery under arms having been committed near Bal- larat. The particulars of the affair are as follows:- On the 25th ult, Ah Keng, a Chinese, was stuck-up by three armed men in the Dead Horse Ranges. They took from him a £1 note, having some Chinese characters on the back. The first offender is about 35 years of age, 5 feet 10 or 11 inches high; wore a blue cap, blue shirt, and moleskin trousers, and carried a double-barrelled gun. The second was aged about 35, 5 feet 10 inches high; wore an old pilot coat and moleskin trousers. The third was a short and stout man, and wore a black billycock bat and monkey jacket. They all had their faces blackened. Three men, named Charles Glover, Thomas Lap- pett, and James Payne, have been granted tickets of leave during the past week. Ten others have been discharged from the penal department, only one of whom served the term of his sentence. On Saturday a letter was received by the Chair- man of the Western Council from the Office of Public Works, intimating that tenders would be called for the new Post Office in the course of three weeks. On Sunday, the Very Rev. Dean McCartney preached two sermons in Christ Church, Lydiard street. The collections amounted to £24, and will be devoted towards the expense incurred in the recent alterations effected in the building. On Saturday night the police arrested a married woman, the mother of several children, in Ballarat West, on the charge of stealing £20 from a male "friend." On Saturday the police arrested two lads, named Maxwell and Robinson, on the charge of stealing a cash-box containing money from Mr Hamilton, of the Melbourne road. There is a second charge against Robinson of stealing a rug from the door of Messrs Warne and Rand's establishment. There were no less than twenty criminal charges entered on the books of the Eastern lock-up at ten o'clock on Sunday night. Of this number only four were for drunkenness, the others being for robbery petty larceny, indecent exposure, threatening to take life, &c.; The architectural beauties of the Town Hall of Ballarat East have lately been enhanced by the con- veyance of a zinc smoke funnel in an oblique direc- tion from the chimney of the Weights and Measures office to the roof of the Police Court. We have every regard for the comfort and convenience of the inspector, but cannot help thinking that some other mode of curing the fumic defects of his office might have been devised with advantage. Our local correspondent states that a man named John Rees had his leg broken in the Prince of Wales Company's claim, Snake Valley, on Friday last, by a fall of earth in one of the drives.- The Result Quartz Mining Company, at a meeting held at the Man of Kent Hotel on Friday evening, resolved that new machinery was preferable to second-hand, and that an engine with sixteen stamps be procured, the same to be erected and steam up within thirteen weeks. Both memorials relative to the gazetting of the lower part of Fraser street, Clunes, were presented last week by Messrs McDonald and Gillies to the President of the Board of Land and Works, who promised every attention to the subject. Mr Barker seems determined to push on his case against the Clunes Municipal Council as rapidly as possible. A declaration has been filed, but the damages have been reduced by Mr Barker from £5000 to £3400. The electoral registrar for the Clunes division registered last month thirty persons on the first sup- plementary list. Our local correspondent says that a great deal of apathy appears to exist amongst the electors in the division on the subject of registration. The members of the Church of England in the parish of St. Peter's are desirous of erecting a sub- stantial building in a more central position than that where the present temporary church is situated. A meeting has been convened for this evening to dis- cuss the business, and we perceive by our adver- tising columns that the Dean of Melbourne will pre- side on the occasion. The Clunes Accident Relief Fund Committee has now £203 in the bank on deposit receipt, besides a balance on current account of £34. It will at once be seen that this is a very favorable position, al- though the calls on the fund are at present very heavy, the sum of £18 10s having been paid to various claimants within the last fortnight. The net proceeds of the Creswick Amateur Dra- matic Society's performance on the 26th and 28th ult. in aid of the Creswick District Hospital amounted to £25 6s. A lecture was delivered on Friday evening, at the Wesleyan Chapel, Clunes, by Mr Price, on "Words." The Rev Mr Pemmell occupied the chair. the audience was large, and seemed well pleased both with the lecturer and his subject. The Brethren of Court Freedom, A.O.F., Clunes, intend to celebrate their anniversary on the 14th inst. A procession will be formed, and the brethren with a band at their head, will promenade the town. Collections were made at the Ballarat East Pres- byterian Church, on Sunday, in aid of the fund for building a new church at the south-east corner of Victoria and East streets, to be called St John's. The total amount collected is £12 15s 8d. The Histrionic Club has begun its preparation for the promised amateur performance in aid of the funds of the Explorers' Monument. Douglas Jer- rold's lively three act comedy, "The Rent Day," has been proposed as the piece de resistance for the occasion, and will be a novelty, as we believe it has never yet been performed in Ballarat, if anywhere in the colony. A site at Lethbridge has been temporarily reserved from sale for Presbyterian Church purposes. Friday's Government Gazette contains notifications of the Governor's assent to Bylaws Nos. 35 and 37 made by the Municipal Council of Ballarat West- the first having reference to the suppression of nuisances caused by the overflow or soakage of water-closets and cesspools, and the latter, the restraining of noisome or offensive trades. About half-past two o'clock on Sunday, the mem- bers of the Volunteer Corps assembled on the Camp for a church parade. The turn out was very respect- able, there being about 100 members present of all ranks, including the band. The corps was accom- panied by the whole of the commissioned officers, and was under the command of Major Wallace. Preceded by the band playing, the corps marched to the Presbyterian Church, Sturt street, where it had been arranged that the Rev. Mr. Henderson, himself a volunteer, should preach a special sermon to his brethren in arms. The building was crowded, the centre put being reserved for the members of the volunteer corps alone. After psalmody and prayer, the rev. gentleman selected for his text the 1st Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians, ch. ix, 24, 25, and 26 verses. The preacher proceeded to show that the apostle selected the Isthmian games of Corinth-a profane subject-for the purpose of illus- trating heavenly ones. The youth of Corinth, when preparing for these trials of strength and swiftness, brought their bodies under subjection ; avoided in- temperance and immoral pursuits, for the purpose of being thoroughly prepared for the grand event. This system of training preserved many of them from falling into the vices and wickedness of the city, and when the games were concluded the re- ward of the victors was a crown made of ivy or pine. Volunteering was somewhat similar to the Isthmian games, inasmuch as it kept many a young man from wasting his spare hours in mere idle pursuits, or in dissipation and vice. It was far better for a young man to be captain of a cricket club or champion in a rifle match than to waste his days in drunken and riotous behavior. No man could be a champion in either running or wrestling matches unless, he underwent a system of training, and to do this he must avoid intemperance, immo- rality and vice of every description. To the Rifle Rangers he would say that the Volunteer move- ment in England had made the people of that country more united, and even if it was only a source of amusement it was a healthful one, and profitable to both body and mind. Christ did not come into the world to make cowards of them all; they believed that they were but doing their duty to their Sovereign and to their country when they enrolled themselves under her banner. They could not foresee what was looming in the dark womb of the future. The tiger nature was occasionally seen in some European nations, and who would guarantee that they knew when the gathering cloud of war would break? The volunteer movement, independently of all this, was calculated to improve the moral, social, and religious position of those who joined in it, as it caused many of the members, when engaged in rifle shooting matches, or preparing for them, to be as abstemious as possible, and like the Corinthian youth, submit their bodies to an active system of training. The reverend gentlemen, in conclusion, said that they had a higher object to attain. They would all have to throw off the tabernacle of clay, and then earth to earth and dust to dust, after which came the home beyond the grave. They were pressing forward to the goal, not for a crown of ivy leaves like the Corinthian youth, but a crown of glory and immortality that fadeth not away. He impressed upon his hearers the necessity of all seek- ing to reach the heavenly goal, run the race before them, and fight the good fight of faith. The sermon occupied nearly three quarters of an hour in delivery, and was listened to with great attention. After the service the volunteers marched back to the camp and were dismissed. In another portion of this issue will be found a report of the dinner held at Skipton on Thursday evening last, subsequent to the holding of the fifth annual show of the Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society. It will be seen that some action is likely to be taken by the society to have future exhibitions held at a somewhat more advanced period of the year. As one of the speakers remarked, much inconvenience attended the driving of sheep to the show in the bad weather which generally pre- vailed at the season ordinarily selected, as it was all but impossible to get them to Skipton in good condition. We may add that the wretched weather and the impassable state of the roads at this early period of the season, deters many persons from attending the show, and no doubt diminishes the competition. The same remark might apply to the other societies which hold stock shows at this season. On Saturday Mr W. H. Foster, police magistrate, arrived in Ballarat, and will succeed Mr Clissold in this district as police magistrate. Business however has called him to Melbourne, and he will not formally commence his duties on the Bench for a day or two. At the last meeting of thc Buninyong Municipal Council the following resolution was agreed to rela- tive to the information desired by the Board of Trade and Customs as to the probability of some of the Lancashire immigrants finding employment in the locality- "This Council is of opinion that the town and district is overloaded with labor, and therefore the Government be informed that there is no room for any of the distressed Lancashire operatives.' After agreeing to the foregoing resolution the Council immediately resolved to "take steps to sup- port the application for an immigration depot in Ballarat." Mr Champ, Inspector-General of Prisons, intimates that during the month of September a number of prisoners about to be discharged will be open to engagements. Among the number we find com- petent ploughmen, competent cooks and waiters, a competent stonecutter and cooper, blacksmith's strikers; shoemakers, masons, seamen, plumbers, farmers, gardeners, a pastrycook, and stonecutters. There was a full house in pit and stalls and a fair sprinkling in other parts at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday night, when "The Dream Spectre" was repeated. This evening the bills announce "a change of spectre," for the "sensational" is to be the rule just now. Monk Lewis's drama "Raymond and Agnes;" or, "The Bleeding Nun of Lindenberg" will be made the vehicle of further developments of the really clever and even "thrilling" new process for the manufacture of ghosts. After the "Bleed- ing Nun of Lindenberg," "peppered" with the newest thing in ghosts, it is difficult to imagine how any- thing "Cool as a Cucumber" could be possible, but that is to be the afterpiece this evening. The following from Bell's Life is the latest betting on the Champion Race-2 to 1 agst Archer, 4 to 1 agst Talleyrand, 5 to 1 agst Mormon, 6 to 1 agst Barwon, 8 to 1 agst Zoe, 10 to 1 agst Camden, 10 to 1 agst Atheling, 12 to 1 agst Haidee, 12 to 1 agst Ebor, 15 to 1 agst Wonga Wonga, 20 to 1 agst Melbourne. The following are the nominations for the Smythesdale Spring Handicap, of 10 sovs each, with 150 sovs added. Distance, one mile and three quarters. The second to receive 35 sovs from the stake, and the third to save his stake. Mr Phillips's b g Clive, aged; Mr George Watson's br m Regina, 4 yrs; Mr Bavin's gr g Flatcatcher, aged; Mr H. Fisher's ch f Rose of Denmark, 3 yrs; Mr H. Fisher's ch f Chrysolite, 3 yrs; Mr Dowling's b h Camden, 5 yrs; Mr Dowling's ch g Falcon, 6 yrs; Mr Keigh- ran's b h Mormon, aged; Mr Wilson's b h Ebor, 5 yrs; Mr Wilson's br m Musidora, 4 yrs; Mr Lang's br h Saturn, 5 yrs; Mr McLean's b m Maggie, aged; Mr H. C. Mount's br g Saddler, 5 yrs; Mr J. Cain's br m Blink Bonny, aged. We learn from the Age that that case of perjury against Mr W. N. McCann, M.L.A., again came on for hearing at the Geelong Police Court, on Friday, before a crowded bench. The alleged charges of perjury, which consisted in various statements made by Mr McCann, during his examination in the late libel case of McCann v Sidders, were in- quired into most minutely. One of the principal charges was, that Mr McCann had sworn, during his re-examination, that when first examined he said that he had been to Mr Sidders' office and purchased the paper containing the alleged libel. It was proved by the evidence of several witnesses, including the Mayor of Geelong, and the clerk of the court, that he did not say so on his examination in chief. But it was shown that, upon his examination, he had said that he purchased a paper, and, as it could not be proved that he had spoken positively on his first examination the charge could not be sustained. Another main charge against him was, that he said he was not intimate with Mr Sidders, and was not a friend of his, but that also fell to the ground. There was plenty of evidence adduced, showing that both plaintiff and defendant had often taken beer together, but whether that could be construed into friendship was the point at issue. The Bench, how- ever, in dismissing the case, said that Mr McCann had given his evidence in a loose and slovenly man- ner, although they did not consider there was suffi- cient testimony to sustain a charge of perjury. 