NOTICES, OF MOTION. The following are the notices of motion for consideration-at the next meeting of the Borough Council :— By Mr Farrell :' That a committee bo' ap- pointed to: report upon- tho probable revenuo #hioh will' be' produced by the fees from the several' licenses appropriated (by the new Act) to this borough, ana upon the mode; for granting them ; also, tho nature and probablo revenue from those local' licenses which the Government have retained. By Mr Gingell: That, a memorial be for warded, praying the Government to proclaim Castlemaine a general licensing district for pub licans and auctioneers. 2. That a provision be made in the bye-law for a daily market. , 3. That the Surveyor be instructed to report the . necessary works in connection with the bridge across Barker's Creek, to expend the balance of money appropriated to that purpose. 4.- That the owner of allotment No. 6 Section 22 be' offi cially requested to drain the property. The Elehinstonb Pound Appointment.— The election of a Poundkeepor for Elphinstone (vice Mr' Patterson resigned) will take place at the Castlemaine' Court of Potty Sessions' on tho 27th inst'., at noon. The Custlomaine magis trates hive been summoned toatt'end, but we bear it is the intention of othors who sit' habitually on distant Benches, and are not resident in the Cas- tlemaino district, to attend, to vote for oertain.of the candidates. (The Carisbrook Poimd case, in which the conduct of territorial magistrates - was so justly censured, should prove a salutary warn ing to the "great unpaid. If any attempt is made, on tho ptesent occasion, to overpower tho votes of the local magistracy by importing a number of magistrates from a distance, we shall certainly expose the proceeding. Diabolical Attempt to Throw a Train off the Bails. — Tho following communication deserves the immediate attention of the railway and police authorities. The names of oar in formants are given, and we believe them to be thoroughly reliable Sir,— Will you be so kind as to draw, the attention of the railway officials to tho following fact: — AsMr John Macintosh, of the Vineyard Beef, was crossing the lino in Butcher's Gully, Gliewton, on Thurs day' evoRing, about seven o'clock, he saw two large' stones, (ono a' round one, and the other about eighteen inches in length) plaped right -across' the two rails. Mr Macintosh at once -removed the stones from the rails. I> must leave you, Sir, to make your own comments on this dangerous stato of affairs. — -I am, &c.;, Isaac George/' This is not the first time it has been our duty to call attention to . such diabolical attempts. , Brigade Order. — : Tho following has been issued by Major Pitt :r-" There appearing to he -in some, instances a misunderstanding as to the eact intention of the Begulations published on the 21st September;- 1863 the1 Colonel Com- mandant explains,, for general' information, that a. volunteer to -qualify, as an cffectivoon tho 1st January, 1864, must have attended- nino parades) or recruit- drill and1 six parades, between 1st 1 Ootober and 31st December. As no more than four pnrados can be returned in each month, it 'is essential1 that a volunteer, to render himself effective, should attend on an average three out of the four in each month for. the remainder of this-y ear.- It is desirable that' officers command) ing corps should give due.notioe of the , parades to be held, and have arrangements .made for. the postponement of them should tho weather bo unfavourable. It is also, explained that leave" of absence only exempts members from the imposi) -tion.of fines:1 . , . Capital Punishment in CaIstlemaine. — Wo understand that the gaol here has been- selected as a place for carrying-' out . the -sentence -of the law in capital cases, and that the site for the . drop ihas been fixed. Wc trust.it will' ho long ore the- Sheriff is called upon to; produce a Jack Ketch, and that we may be spared the painful necessity of chronicling an execution here TITLE DEEDS.— The following lie at the Sub- Treasury; Castlemaine : — McDonell John, Camp- belltown ; McDonald John, Sandon ; McIntyre Duncan, Sandon ; MacCalman Donald, Sandon ; Rochford Thos., Sandon ; Pegler George, Smea- ton ; McRorie Daniel, Smeaton; Nase G. L., Smeaton ; McNiff John, Redesdale ; McRorie; Peter Smeaton ; ' McRorie Wm., Smeaton; McLennan James, Smeaton ; Molntosh Donald; Smeaton; McRae Ewen; Smeaton;- McAlpine 'Peter; Smeaton ; Righetti Battista, Yandoit ; Robinson James, Franklin : McKenna Michael; Redesdale ; Buddick John, Castlemaine ; Mapson Joseph, Guildford-; Panton J.- A., Castlemaine ; MoLevieE. H., Woodend ; Eennio A lexr., Wood: end / Marks Wm., Woodend ; ' Mahony Patrick) Woodend; Patterson J.' B-». Faraday; PiiioH. J. Guildford ; llileu Wm., Guildford. ' Tnn Ghost at Guildrobd..— r We observe that tho Polytechnic Ghost will appear at Gaff- noy-'s-Hotel, Guildford to-night and on Mon'- day. Professor Schiller will also give his amusing entertainment. - The: Ghost has boen so successful in his appearances'elsowhere;! that wo 'have' no 'doubt he will Secure" a large1 audience at Guildford. ' . - , , : Newstead Biscuits. — Wo aro glad to ob- servo 1 thnt Mr M'Ph'ee, of N ows tead,- gained a rrizo' for an- oxt'ensivo' show of bisohits at. the Bendigo Agricultural1 Show' onThursday. 1 Thoso biscuits; ot local' manufacture, , aro: or oxcolleut qiiwdii : ' v " ; ; . 