THE LYCEUM THEATRE. Mr. H. X. Warner commenced yesterday even ing, at the Lyceum, a series of Shakspearian per formances. " Hamlet" was the play selected for the first presentation. The drama was very cre ditably put on the stage, and there was nothing to complain of in the performances ol' [any one of the actors, which in every case was above mediocrity. Mrs. Hill was a pleasing .and successful Ophelia, though not quite so vacant in appearance and ac tion, when demented, as the words of the text ?would seem to demand. Mr. Noble played the King, Airs. Cox the Queen, without l'ault; Mr. Vinson proved a good Polonius; Mr. Morton, a sa tisfactory Laertes \ Mr. Cox, a very successful Ghost. Mr. Warner, who took the leading part in the plav, was unfortunately suffering from a severe cold, which at times destroyed the intona tion of his voice. He played therefore under great difficulty, but nevertheless succeeded in re taining the attention of the audience, interrupted ?with frequent tokens of approval to the end of the piece, when he was called before the curtain, a similar compliment being paid to Mrs. Hill. The performances concluded a little after twelve o'clock with the amusing farce of "A Kiss in the Dark." This evening Mr. Warner will appear as " Othello," " Sophia's Supper" to follow. OMITTED.-Pressure upon our space compels the omission of several letters and other matter. ; Mosic printed iu a newspaper can be trans mitted by post to England for the usual charge ot one penny. COUNTY CODBT.-Thursday, the 26th instant, ! will be the last day for the issue and service of summonses for the ensuing sittings on the 11th proximo. EV-BNIXGS AT HOME.-The entertainment at the Temperance Hall, last night, attracted a fair au dience, who were liberal in their applause of the various performances. There -was a general desire to be pleased, and minor faults were kindly overlooked. The readings were interesting in character, and were duly appreciated, and the re citations were loudly applauded. The music by the choir was exceedingly well given, and melodies by the Band of Hope evinced careful training; the songs also were very pleasing. The singing ofthe National Anthem was the signal for the dispersion, of the audience. It is intended to give a benefit for the free library in connection with the Temperance Hall, and a most attractive programe will be presented on the occasion. .Aw ATTEMPT ATBDBGLART was made on Messrs. Cohn's premises, the brewery, in Bridge street, Sandhurst, last night, between twelve and one o'clock. Mr. Cohn, hearing a noise like the breaking of glass, went outside the premises, and found a page pf glass broken, and a mail squatting j down. The police being sent for, the man was wrested and token to the lock-up. I 