MISCELLANEOUS. BANoto SAXON WEDDINOB.--NOt till the ninth or tentll century did women obtain the privilege of choosing or of refusing their husbands. Often they were betrothed as children, the bridegroom's pledge of marriage being accompanied by a "security," or "wed," whence comes the word "wedding." Part of the wed alwayes consisted of a ring, placed upon the maiden's right hand, and there reliciously kept until transferred at the later nup tisls. Then, also, were repeated the marriage vows and other ceremonies, oulit of which those prevailing hsave grown. The bride was taken "for fairer. for foeler, for better for worse, for richer for poorer," aod promised to be "buxom and bonny" to her future husband. At the final ceremony tie bride groom put the ring upon each of the bride's left hand fingers in turn, saying at the first, "In the name of the Father," at the second, " Inthbqname of the Son," at the third, "In the name of the Holy Ghost," and at the fourth, "Amen." Then, also, the father gave to his new son one of his daughter's shoes in token of the transfer of author ity which he effected, and the bride was at once made to feel the change by a tap or blow on her head given with the shoe. The husband, on his sart took an oath to use his wife well. If he ,ailed to do so, abe might leave him, but by law he was allowed considerable licence. He was bound in honour "to bestow on his wife and ap. prentices moderate castigation." We have nothing to show the exact amount of castigation held moderate by the Angl-Saxons, but one old Welsh law decides that three blows with a broomstick on "any part of the person except the head" is a fair allowance; and another provides that the stick be not longer than the husband's arm, nor thicker than his middle finger. Prior to the seventh century, a wife might at any time be repudiated on proof of her being either barren, deformed, silly, passionate, luxurious, rude, habitually drunk, glutonous, very garrlous, qiarrelsome, or abusive. -2-rupj p's Angnloazon House. The following singularineident is related in the memoirs of Mr. ,Gratwicke, published in lrily's .Magazine of January last:-" The aircumstances we are about to narrate serves to prove that Rory O'More was wrong when he said,' that dreams al ways went by contraries' inasmuch as in this in stance a Mrs. Olifton, the wife of awine merchant in the old Jewry, one night in the winter of 1844, dreamed a dream. The fatt was not an uncommon one, for many ladies mo doubt did the saine thing. But this lady dreamed that she saw the Derby won by a bay horse, whose jockey wore a'brown body, crimson eleeeies, and he wore a green cap, and wanted toback it fr ten ortwentypounds. Her husband, like most husbandi would do, phogo ehed the dream, but being worried to death about it, bor. rowed the Bocing Oalendacr, for the msake of getting a little peace and quietness, and . discontinuance of the OCaudle lectures with which he had been favoured, Looking in the list of colours, he could ind none like those which had appeared to his spouse in her midnight vision, and he thought the matter ended. But hot so, forthe lady dreamed a second and a third time in succession that the Detby was won by a horse tidden a ahe had seen before. Therm wsee no withstanding this treble event, and Mr. Clifton promised to take the-ady to Epsom, and see whether she could be right in her conjecture. He was as good as isi word, and stiirange. to say, between the pulicatloen of the book Oabledarand the Derby Day, ,Mr. Ga(wtwicke had ehanged.his eolobra frn drab with green sleeve, to chocolate and crimson, which ap?~red for the first time on Doleful thefavourite. Upon this being pointed out to'her,'she was asked' if she wanted to back him. ' No,' she replied, ' my horse's jockey had a green cap, and I shall stick to him.' iScarely bhad she uttered the words before the Merry Monarch went by her, with Fester Bell in a green cap, to distingoluish him from his brother. 'Them he isl' she exclaimed, in a state of frantic excitement; and sending her husband into the ring, he got 2000 to 20 about the Merry Monarch for her in less time than he could write it down; and half an hour afterwards saw the money landed, and the wife's dream verified.n Two cnsees may be aasigned for the popularity of the English with the Arab population of Algeria. One arises from a belief, often confidedto my ears, that the English would conquer the French, and then give Algeria back to its rightrnl owners. The second caue originates in an idea that the English may, some dayor other, become good Mussalmen; for they say that the envoys sent by the blessed prophet to ask the Christian nationus to ,eQome believers in the true faith, m'et with a dowmight reusal in every case save that of Engslhd whlie' ntuaraed'for answer, "We will consider' abSlt It." -rni.rogh 'Algeria. By " she Author of" l,,i Tai Mian r Paros or a Wanra MAN In NEW eALxaDSe--ser I must.remark thathin those -days the valu' ofa pakeha toa tribe was enormousl IFor want of pakehas to trade with,and ifrom whom to procure gunpowder and muskets; many tribes or setious of tribes weare- about this time externinated or nearly so by their noreorfrtuate nelghbour 'whn got pakehu before them, and bwho yoenuentl. became armed with inulkets tfirst. A pekehatra der was therseforeof a value icy about twenty times his own weight in.muskets. This according tomy notes made tthbe time, I find to have represented avatue in New Zealande.omething ibont what we mean in England when we talk of the sum total of the national debt. A book-keeper, or a second.tate pakehe, not a trader, might be valued at say his weight in tomahawks; an enormous sum also. The pakeha, though he might have mo property, would earn aometh'ng-his value to the cahief and tribe with whomhe lived might beostimated st say his weight in fish-hooks, or about a hundred' thousand pounds or so; value estimated by eagerness to obtanlo the article. I do not, hswavee, mean to alfirm that pakehas were at this time valuesd "~as sneh." Aloose straggling pokeha-a runaway from a ship r for etance,-Wtho had i iothing, and who was neverlikely to'have anything, a vagrant straggler pasingo'froiii. pitoe to place,-was not of much'] accounnt even is those times. Two men of this de.i eription'(rrnaway sailors) were hospitably enter,. ta-ned one night by s chief, a very particular friend of mine, who to pay himself for his trouble and outlay, eat one of them the next morning. Bemem. ber, my good reader, I don't deal in fiction'; my friend eat the pakeha sure enough, and killed him before he eats him, which was civil, for it was not always done. But then, certainly, the pakelha waasa tueua, a nobody, a' fellow not worth a spike nail; no one knew him; he had no relations, no goods, no expectations, no anything; what could be made of him Of what use on earth was he except to eatt Aid, indeed, not much good even for that-they say he was not good meat. But good well-to-do pakehas, traders, shipcaptains, labourers, or employers of labor, these were to be honoured, cherished, caressed, protected and plucked,-Old New ealand ; a tale of the good old times. JEsUrr's BARK AND Brue.-Clever fellows, these Jesuits I M. Victor Hugo's new romance Ioes ?ficr ableo,containsmatter highly prejudical to thecharac ter of the Order. So the Jesuits buy the right of translating the book in England, and of course the translation appears without the objectionable part, but with the angelic Bishop in all his impossible sweetness. Now this is really a neat dodge, and as it is also a piece of abject homage, on the part of the Jesuits, to the tremendous power of literary art. Mfr. Andcl is happy to circulate the information all over the world. Simply because M. Hugo's French is very beautiful, and not st all with a view of defeating his artful friends, "Pr. P1nch recommends people to read both the translation and the original. " I say, Hlggins" said a fellow to that aspiring, but as yet unappreciated tragedian, "I met a rich old gentleman in the city who declared he would give a hundred pounds to see you perform 'Haemlet.'' U You don't say so ?" Fact, Iassureyou;and what's more, I'm positively sure he meant it," "By Jove, then, it's a bargain," Higgins cried; "I'll play it for my benefit. But who is he?" "Ah to be sure, I didn't tell you. Well ahe's a blind man." Hig gins never spoke to the wretch again.--Biddle and Jokes. 