CORONER'S INQUEST. AN inquest was held at the Wallington Hotel on Tuesday last, before Forster Show, Esq., coroner for the district, on view of the body of Samuel Parker, who was found drowned in the reservoir at Fen- wick's Gully. Donald McKay, mounted trooper, deposed: I have charge of the Drysdale district: I received infor- mation this morning that deceased had been missing since Friday last. My informant, Mr Sutherland, and five or six persons, proceeded to search the bush with me. I met Mr Hassett of the Mount Shannon hotel, who said he saw deceased on Friday last about 4 or 5 o'clock, along with Mr Mogg and Mr Graham, at his house. They parted there. Mr Parker going towards Portarlington, Mr Mogg and Mr Graham going towards town, deceased appeared to be quite sober. I then went to Wallington having business in that direction, when I heard from Mr McAndrew and Mr Tonner that they had found the deceased's horse and his hat on the margin of the reservoir in Fenwick's Gully, which induced them to think he was drowned, the tracks of the horse were plain on the edge. After dragging a little we brought up the body four or five yards from the edge, in the right hand was a bladed knife, in his pocket L14 16s in money, a bank memo, a pipe, and a fig of tobacco, some papers of no value, and a silver watch and chain. There was not a sign of any injury or violence on the body, his clothes were not disarranged. He had an Inverness cape on, and it seemed to have got entangled about his head. The reservoir is properly fenced in, but there is an entrance to the water from either side to allow cattle to drink. Through this entrance it seems certain the deceased's horse went, and the banks being very steep he must have sud- denly got out of his depth. The water is about 10 feet deep in the centre. There is no guard fence to protect strangers. It is possible the deceased may have followed this track in mistake for the road he was to take. The reason I did not sooner know of his being missing was, that his family thought he might have gone to his brother's on the Moorabool. Charles Pascoe, landlord of the Wallington Hotel, deposed: Deceased came to my house on Friday evening last, about dark. He did not seem to be under the influence of liquor. He asked for a bit of tobacco. I gave him a fig, and he cut up some and filled his pipe. He then laid his head on his arms, on the counter, for about ten minutes. I did not know at this time that he had come on horseback. He did not speak. I asked him where he came from? My father came in at the moment, and he also asked him if he had come from Geelong? He said "No," I shall not go to Geelong any more." He again rested his head on his arms for a quarter of an hour more, and complaining of cold, he went into the next room and sat there for fully an hour with- out saying a word. He then ordered his horse to be brought out. When the hostler told him there was 1s 6d to pay, he said " Oh, I was drunk then, I am sober now. Here, you and I will have a drink. The hostler had some ale and the deceased a nobbler of brandy. He asked if Mr Hassett was in. I told him he must be on the wrong road. He asked the nearest way to the Buck's Head. I told him. He said he knew it, and went away. It may have been between eight and nine o'clock when he left. I considered him in a fit state to leave. I did not think him under the influence of drink. He had only one nobbler in my house. He had no difficulty in getting on his horse. Thomas Hose, ostler, deposed: On Friday even- ing last deceased rode up to the inn, and asked if he could get some bay for his horse. I said yes, and he ordered me to give the horse some. I did so. On returning to the bar I saw him leaning his head on his arms on the counter. He re- mained so for several minutes. He then went into the little room, and sat smoking for some time. Deceased seemed to me to be the worse for drink a little. he had a nobbler of brandy just before he started, that was all he had here. He left about 8 o'clock. I asked him to pay for the hay. He refused, say- ing he was drunk when he ordered it. When he got on his horse he asked me the way to Portarling- ton. He said very well, and then good night. The night was dark. The jury found that the deceased was acci- dentally drowned in the reservoir at Fenwick's Gully, having as they supposed, mistaken the road which turned off to this place for that to Portarl- ington. The jury also desired to call the attention of the District Road Board to the dangerous state of the approaches from the main road to the reservoir, especially in winter. GAftinAt.pt can now put. his foot to the ground, the wound is healed, and ho trusts ere long to visit England. The Emperor's Visit to Jerusalem — A Paris letter contains the following:—" For a long time past the Empress has entertained the idea of going to Jerusalem. The excursion is now decided on, and will take place towards the end of autumn. The Empress will be ac- companied by three of her ladies of honour, the Countesses de Rayneval, de Lourmel, and de la Poeze. Her Majesty, it is said, will take with her a supply of presents, valued at 2,000,000 fr. Pepper's "Ghost" in Paris —A Paris letter says:—"We are promised a sensation drama; Le Secret do Miss Aurore is about to be produced at the Theatre du Chatelet. In addition to the most magnificent scenery, dresses, and decorations, the Polytechnic inven- tion for the production of ghosts has been pur- chased by the manager for 20,000 francs, and Mr Pepper ia now in Paris, superintending his work. No less than three "departed spirits" are to make their rentree in the new drama, and are to 'come like spirits'—and having, says the advertisement, 'walked, acted, and talked'— ' so depart.'" 