ADELAIDE : SATUKDAY, JUNE 20, 1863. PEOCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. TtTESDAT, JttMB 16. Tn the Legislative Council — The Son. the Chief Secretary's motion relative to] the 101st Standing Order was referred to the Standing Orders Committee to report upon. The Municipal Corporations Act Amendment Bill was postponed until Thursday next. The Local Courts Amendment Bill was adjourned until the following day. Tjtte OWtomj| Consolidation £p w« wmliwrt »- Committee. The further consideration was made an Order of the Day for Thursday next. . In the House of Assembly — Petitions were presented in favour of the expendi ture of £5,000 on the Main Eastern line of road from Magill to Lobethal. The tariff question -was again discussed. After some discussion sugar was reduced to 3s. per cwt. on. all sorts ; tobacco to la. 6d, ; and tea to 2d. per 1b The other articles were passed as printed. The House adjourned at a quarter to 5 o'clock to the next day. Weditssdat, Srms 17. To. the Legislative Council — The Licensed Hawkers Bill was considered in Committee, and its further consideration adjourned until Tuesday next. The Adelaide Waterworks Bill -was further con sidered in Committee, and adjourned until the follow ing day. The Local Courts Amendment Bill was made an Order of the Day for the following day. The House adjourned at half-past 4 o'clock until 2 o'clock the following day. In the House of Assembly — Petitions were presented praying for a reduction in the duty on spirits, and for the expenditure of £600 on a road in Port Lincoln. The CoionssioKEB of Ceowk Lands stated that a letter had been received from Mr. Hargraves, gold discoverer, to the effect that he intended paying a visit to this colony in the early spring. Mr. Youkg-'s motion for going into Committee to consider the propriety of expending a sum of money to make a crossing over the Bungaree Creek was carried. Mr. Gitdb's question as to -whether the Govern ment proposed to take any steps to compel people travelling in vehicles on dark nights to carry lights was postponed. The Commibsionee o» PrxBUO 'Woem, in answer to Mr. A Stott, said £1,000 more was required to complete the Telegraph Station and Post-Office at Mount Gambier according to the plans. The ~8ew Customs Tariff was again considered. The free list was passed with one or two additions. Some of the items in the fixed ' duties -were then re considered, but only in the item of tea was there any alteration. The duty on that article was raised to 3d. per lb. Dried fruits, nuts and almonds, 10s. per cwt., were also added togtfae liBt of fixeu duties. The report -was brought up and agreed to. A Bill was introduced, read a first tune, and the second reading fixed for the next day. The other business was arranged, and the House adjourned at 20 minutes to 4 o'clook to the next day. Thtjbsdat, Jtoe 18. In the Legislative Council — The Muncipal Corporations Act was read a second time. _ The Customs Consolidation Bill was further con sidered in Committee, and its second reading made an Order of the Bay for Tuesday, next. The Local Courts Act Amendment Bill and the Adelaide Waterworks Bill were adjourned for con sideration until Tuesday next. In the Souse of Assembly — The Tariff Bill was read a second time after Mr. GhETDE and Mr. Dufeteh) had epokea against it. The Bill was passed in Committee, with one amendment, viz.; the duty on coffee, chicory, coooa, and chocolate was reduced to Id. per lb. The Masters and Servants Bill and the Police Bill were considered in Committee, and the House adjourned at half-past 4 o'clook to the next day. The most immediately stirring news By the April mail is that relating to America; although the Polish question is scarcely second in import ance. The American difficulty is intensified by the conduct of the Federal cruisers in seizing neutral British vessels, — thus threatening hosti lities between England and the Northern States ; and the Polish insurrection is also not unlikely to involve other communities besides those immediately engaged. As regards the straggle between the Northern and Southern States of America, the fortune of war is again with the Southerners, who, according to the latest advices, appear to be gaining advantages over the Federals in every direction. The iron-clad fleet has attacked the Charleston batteries, but has been repulsed with great loss, and meanwhile, General Hooker hastens his advance upon Rich mond. As anything less than a concentrated effort and a decisive blow would, in that quarter, be itself a defeat, there is no doubt that we shall soon hear of one of the most desperate struggles yet recorded in the history of the present war. The laud attack on Vicksburg has been, for the present, abandoned ; and nearly every affair of minor importance has been unfa vorable to the arms of the North. General Butler vainly endeavors to appease the Federal rage and disappointment by inveighing against England ; though events go far to show that 'the cessation of intercourse with Great Britain,' as recommended by the TSew Orleans Dictator, may be effected in a very different way from that which he advises. Commodore Wilkes, of Trent notoriety, has been again seizing neutral vessels ; and Mr. Adams, the Federal minister, has been issuing certificates to such British ships as he is pleased to allow to pass, the non-production of certificate of course being regarded by the Federal 'cruisers as equivalent to condemnation. The matter has been warmly taken up in both Houses of Parliament, and Her Majesty's Government have 'demanded full re dress and satisfactory guarantees from the Cabinet at 'Washington. Should these not be forthcoming, no doubt the British fleet will have immediate orders to look after Wilkes and his colleagues, and this 'will be tantamount to a recognition of the South. The telegrams announcing that the Polish insurrection was at an end with the flight of Langiewicz, were, as we expected, wholly un founded. Every corner of Poland is in a state of revolt ; all grades and classes of the popu lation being in arms. There will be no more hazarding of all things on the fate of a great pitched battle with the swarming legions of the Czar, but instead thereof a system of guerilla tactics of which all Poland will be the theatre. BuBsia, in dismay, proposes an amnesty ; but the Poles are too patriotic to accept anything short of national independence, since it was for that they rose ; and they are, moreover, too deeply experienced to trust to fiussian promises, even if they were recreant enough to lay down their arms. Sweden and Norway are enthusias tically joining Poland, and it is understood that the Cabinets of London, Paris, and Vienna have addressed -emphatic representations to the Bussian Government. Little of immediate interest has transpired in other parts of Europe, if we except the unani mous election of Prince William of Denmark, brother to the Princess Alexandra, to the throne of Greece. The choice is generally regarded as a most suitable and auspicious one. Prince William will reign under the title of George I. Domestic topics are few in number, but the most noticeable of all is Mr. Gladstone's budget. The right hon. gentleman proposes, notwith standing the depression created by the Lanca shire distress and the destruction of the trade with America, to take 2d. in the pound off the income tax, to reduce the tea duty by 5d. per lb., to reduce the stamp duties in some parti culars, and to effect other fiscal reductions. His speech was listened to with extraordinary inte rest. Amongst other matters we find that the House of Commons have voted £50,000 in aid of the Prince Albert Monument Fund, Sir George Cornewall Lewis is dead, as also are Mr. Gibbs (the eminent shipowner), Lord Sandys, Lord De Saumarez, Viscount Templeton, the Duke of Grafton,Mr.ApsleyPellatt,M.P.,andMr.Smin ston, Q.C. Smallpox is fearfully prevalent in the metropolis. The reports from the cotton districts show some falling off in the number of unem ployed, though the distress is still very great. The movement for enabling cotton spinners to emigrate still continues. The money market is steady ; wool is expected to decline at the next sales (to open April 30) ; Burra copper is quoted at £94 to £96. For the general -details of the month we must refer to our other columns. The Government have oabeied the second reading of the new Customs Bill in the House of Assembly, the only alteration effected being the reduction of the duty on coffee from two pence to one penny per lb. This is merely a loss to the reyenue without being an. appreciable gain to the community ; at all events the public would have preferred the coffee duty 'remaining at 2d., as before, and the tea duty at 2d., instead of being raised to 3d. As to the relative ' strength' of a pound of coffee and a pound of tea ; — how many 'cups the one would make and how many the other — we ]may^leave this out of the question altogether. It Is not the practice of Treasurers to take these minor] equities into consideration ; if it were, it would be so much the worse for Treasurers. It does not matter I whether a pound of tea 'goes further' than a! pound of coffee or not ; the public will not enter ] very closely into the profit and loss account of the penny put on teajand the penny^knocked off coffee. The main features of the new tariff are these. The ad valorem duties are put on, and this means £50,000 of extra taxation. Then we have one penny taken off coffee, and 6d. taken off tobacco. On the other 'hand we have a penny put on tea, and a duty of 10s. per cwt. put on dried fruits (for the good of Victoria), and a discriminating duty on timber. Begardmg the tariff simply as bearing upon revenue, the changes intro duced will produce from £60,000 to £70,000 extra income. So far so well ; it will make the Treasurer happy, and ensure a continuance of those .pleasant dreams that he spoke of on Thursday. But as regards the operation of the tariff upon trade, it will be decidedly unfavorable f and time willWove it^.' It is retrograde legisla tion, and we shall not be long before we have to retrace our steps. However, it meets an emergency; and it may, therefore, suit the policy of those why cry — ' Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof.' In the course of the discussion in the House of Assembly the Government were twitted with being a weak Government, and with adopting a policy to suit the exigencies of the tunes. What ever may be the case as to a time-serving policy, we certainly do not think the present Govern ment weak. They are, on the contrary, exceed ingly strong, and not only strong, but despotic. What could be more indicative of a Government being able to do exactly what they pleased than for the Treasurer on Tuesday to bring in a tariff excluding ad valorem duties; on Wednesday to declare that those duties were bad in principle, and would ruin the trade of the colony; on Friday to require the House to sanction this ruinous policy ; and a day or two afterwards to lead hon. members, like a flock of sheep, to follow him in support of the very scheme which he denounced, a few hours previously P We say that a Minister who could thus order his re tainers to march and countermarch at his bidding, so far from being votak, must be omni potent. It is the Opposition that is weak ; it is the Opposition that is disorganised ; it is the Opposition that is without a policy, without a leader, without an idea. The Opposition is a rope of sand ; the Opposition is a heap of ruins, — and no wonder that the Government are strong. Bat the strength of the Government is not on account of the strength of their convic tions, the unity of their opinions, or the states, manship of their policy ; — it is simply strength by comparison. They are strong relatively to their opponents, because the latter are abso lutely prostrate; bnt that relative strength, though essentially nothing, is practically all sufficient. The Government can turn the Assembly hither aud thither as they please . for the Government party are united, the Oppo sition disintegrated and shattered. No doubt a strong Government is eminently desirable; but that strength should be based upon a policy founded on true ideas of statesman ship, and cemented by an enlightened popular support. A Government, like a State, should be strong in defiance of its foes, and not strong by sufferance merely. No doubt the new tariff, as amended by the Assembly, will give more satisfaction to the country constituencies than it would have given if passed in the form in which it was at first introduced, and so far the position of the Government with the country is improved ; but there is a very general feeling already abroad that the tariff will not last long ; that its unsuitableness to the colony will soon become apparent; and that, in fact, we shall want another tariff next year. It is agreed on all hands that the Treasurer must have more money, although it is generally considered that certain reductions might have been effected which would have enabled him to do with a much smaller amount of extra taxation than that now proposed. Still, the colony was prepared to give him more money ; but to cripple the trade of a country is a suicidal way of upholding the revenue, and this we are afraid will be the effect of the new tariff. The ' Cost of Government' is a topie that very naturally comes into notice whenever any scheme of finance or taxation is proposed, and on all these occasions the extravagance of that cost is sure to be~dwelt upon. It may be as well to look into this matter a little, with a view to obtaining something like correct ideas of the subject. It is absurd to suppose that the whole question is self-evident ; that no argument is necessary ; or that there are not two sides to the question ; and equally absurd is it to say that the total amount disbursed every year by the Executive of this province represents ' the cost of Government.' The total estimated revenue for the twelve months ending June 30, 1864, is £613,135. Of course, if this sum, or anything approaching it, were to be spent in 'governing' 135,000 to 140,000 people, it would bo monstrous. Some think that the total amount raised by the Government is, however, spent in ' governing ;' and, taking this view of the matter, they are naturally indignant at what they consider the extravagance of the Ministry. The objection is not to the present Ministry, nor to the preceding one, nor to any Ministry in particular, but to each and every Administration in turn. What ever may be the amount of revenue raised by a Government, it is understood that it is all spent; and the conclusion is instantly drawn that it is and must be spent in the cost o government: Whether it be £500,000 or £600,000, it is regarded as almost equally shameful that such large sums of money should be required to 'govern' a mere handful of people. Let us examine into this matter. We will, for the sake of argument, suppose that the Government expended the revenue without giving any particulars of the expendU ture. We will suppose that they merely said, — 'Baiaed, £500,000; Expended, £500,000,'— and did not state how it was spent. What would be the first demand of a Financial Eeformer? Undoubtedly he would ask for a bill of par ticulars ; he would insist upon being furnished with full details ; he would not rest until he knew where this total sum of £500,000 had gone to. But suppose when he had got all the par ticulars he wanted, it turned out that two-thirds of the £500,000 had not been spent in ' govern ing' at all,— but had been disbursed by the Executive for purposes totally unconnected with the duties of Governments in other countries ; duties, however, which were imposed upon the Government of this province by the Acts and resolutions of the Legislature? Would it not materially alter his views as to the extravagant cost of being ' governed,' when he found that two-thirds of the total amount expended by the Government were expended for purposes having no necessary connection with the Central Exe cutive ; and which, in other countries, are left to. local rates, private enterprise, and voluntary contributions P Tiusifl precisely tl}e position, of {h* gputh Australian Government. We do not mean the Waterhouse Government, — we are not vindi cating that Government in particular, — but we maintain in reference to whatever Ministry may be formed in this colony that; the 'cost of government' will always appear excessive so long as we require the Government to under take functions which do not 'properly belong to them as a Government. It may indeed be that in a young colony the Central administration can best undertake various duties which in older communities are left to local municipalities. It may be that they can best conduct and carry on various works which in more matured states are Left to private enterprise and capital. It may be that the exigencies of our infant community throw upon the Government various duties of a paternal character, and of a charitable character, which do not devolve upon governments in older communities. But — if it is so — it is absurd to set all this down to the cost of' being governed,' inasmuch as the money expended for these pur poses has no necessary connection with govern ment proper, but is disbursed in connection with objects which — as before remarked — are in older communities left to local rates, private enterprise, and voluntary subscriptions and con tributions. The estimated income of the'fSouth Austra lian Government for the ensuing financial year, is £613,000. Now it would be alike untruthful and absurd to divide this sum by the number of the population, and take the quotient as the cost per head of 'being governed.' If the Go vernment have to make and mend our roads, and take nothing back in the shape of tolls or taxes on carriages ; if they have to construct bridges, and culverts, and drains ; if they have to make cuttings and embankments; to sink wells; to erect jetties ; to build Court Houses, and Police Stations, and public buildings of every description, in town and country ; if they have to feed, clothe, and shelter our destitute popu lation ; to bury the friendless dead ; to act in loco parehtis to our outcasts and orphans ; if they have to take charge of the sick, the maimed, the infirm, and the insane; if they have to maintain all the police in town and country ; if they have to construct and keep in order Tail ways, telegraphs, and waterworks ; if they are required to employ large staffs of Sur veyors to survey Crown lands ; and if they are expected to find money to bring out immi grants to this colony, — it is perfectly evident that a large annual outlay is indispensable. But for this outlay no Government is to blame ; because from this outlay, under the existing system, no Government can escape. The ex penditure is rendered necessary by the action of the Parliament; the Government have no option but to carry out the re solutions of the Parliament ; and, therefore, if the ' cost of being governed' — as it is called, is to be materially reduced, the sphere of Govern ment action must be reduced. Government must cease to be contractors, and leave public works to private capitalists ; Government must cease to discharge the functions of municipalities and country boards, thus leaving local ex penditure to be met by local rates ; and Govern ment must cease to be the national almoner, by leaving philanthropic and charitable institutions to be maintained by local bodies and private benevolence. Were the sphere of Government action thus limited we could quickly reduce governmental expenditure ; but so long as the Executive are charged with a variety of weighty responsibilities that are not necessarily the duty of a Government, so long must the country find the requisite funds, and so long will the ex penditure of ths Ministry bear a high proportion to the number of the population. In illustration of these views we may take the estimated revenue of the next financial year — about £613,000— and see what is to be done with it. In the first place, that amount includes £148,000 anticipated proceeds from the sale of public lands. The whole of this is by Act of Parliament reserved for special purposes, and cannot be applied to ordinary departmental expenses. The ordinary revenue — that is, the revenue raised by means, of rates, duties, and imposts, will be about £465,000, including total railway receipts, and all other receipts from public works. Out of this sum we find £188,000 set down for the ordinary departments of Government, exclusive of civil list and fixed salaries and pensions, about £18,000 more — say, in the whole, £200,000. The balance (£265,000) soon disappears in such items as these : — Public works, buildings, aud improvements, £139,945 ; railways, £75,483; and so on. Returning to the sum of £200,000, which stands more nearly related to the ' cost of being governed,' we find that even in that sum — though scarcely one-third of the total revenue — are included the whole of the charges for Police, Education, the Hospital, the Desti tute Asylum, the Lunatic Asylum, and other establishments not forming a necessary portion of the duties of a central Government. The salaries of Ministers and of the Heads of Depart ments may possibly be considered too high ; the Judicial establishment may bs considered too large, and therefore too costly (we think it is) ; and other departments may warrant the applica tion of the pruuing-knife ; but whatever reduc tions may be made in salaries, and whatever offices may be abolished as being unnecessary, no really great reduction in our national expen diture can take place unless the duties of the Government are drawn within a more limited area ; unless more is cast upon local organiza tions ; unless the Executive are relieved of the necessity of fulfilling the duties of private capitalists and contractors ; and unless the voluntary principle in education and charity is trusted in those matters as it is in religion. Then, indeed, Government may knock off £50,000 here, and £40,000 there, and £20,000 in other places, and so reduce by one-half the national expenditure. Suppose, as some people recommend, the Ministry were to effect a general reduction of salaries, ' beginning with themselves.' Of course, it would help a little ; but it would not show that we are cheaply 'governed,' if railways, main roads, immigra- tion, public works, popular education, and a dozen different institutions are still to be kept up at the expense of the State. It is, indeed, quite possible that for some years to come these duties can only be satisfactorily discharged by the Government ; and if that is the decision of the country, of course the Government will require commensurate funds. Parliamentary reformers will, however, even then find plenty to do in reducing excesses, in abolishing need less offices, in correcting abuses, and, generally, in watching over our multifarious operations ; but after all their vigilance and all their econo mizing, the ' cost of Government' must be high whilst the duties of Government are so many and so great. A meeting of the Bine Association was held at the Governor's Offices on Thursday, June 18, His Excellency in the ohair. The members present were the Eons. Qt. Hall, H. B. T. Strangways, J. H'. Barrow, Captain Trimmer, Captain Bankine, Captain Sellar, Mr. J. D. Sutherland, and Mr. Or. S. Kingston, M.P. (Secretary). The minutes of the preceding meeting of Committee, and also of the last general meeting, having been read and confirmed, the Trea surer, in answer to Mr. Barrow, stated that the present balance in hand was about £18. The total amount colleoted last year was about £500, against £900 the year before. Last year the subscription was opened with a balance of £200 ; this year with only £18. The Secretary read a letter that had been addressed to the Government on the subjeot of the insufficient number of butts ; the time occupied in the matches being ten days ; and as the number of competitors was 300, and their expenses about £1 per day, the loss to them would be about £3,000, or, including coming and going, nearly £4,000. As the number of yampetitom feU off by about one-fourth ast year, it is apprehended that still further falling off will be occasioned unless a larger number of butts are provided. The letter was addressed to the Chief Beoretary in October last, but no reply had been received. {'The Chief Secretary, at the close of the proceedings, having entered the room, stated that on the receipt of the letter it was forwai ded to the proper authorities to report thereupon ; but that as the Letter had never been returned, and no report made upon it, the Government had overlooked the matter, but it was not the intention of the Government to allow the letter to remain unanswered.! In answer to Mr. Hall, the Treasurer thought about £500, in oluding entrance- fees, might be calculated upon this year. The Committee then considered at what date it would be desirable to hold the matched, and it was agreed that Monday, September 28, should be the first day. Mr. Strangways intimated that he should, on another occasion, move that Enfield rifles should only compete when used in the same state as issued from the Government store ; that there should be no alteration in sights, no shading, nor any other alte* ration in the weapons as issued by the Government, and that the Hythe position should be exclusively used in Enfield matches ; as this was the case at Sydney, and it possessed- many advantages. The Secretary observed that if the object was to produce the best shooting any position ought to be allowed. With regard to sighting, so many of the Enfield rifles had been already altered that it woald be im possible to carry out such an idea. In England they were giving up the Hythe position, and in actual service soldiers were allowed to fire in any position they liked best. Captain Bankine should decidedly object to such a regulation. Captain Trimmer thought that it was quite possible to get the front sight re duced and improved in such a way as to admit of bayonets being fixed; it was only when the front sight shifted that the bayonet could not be fixed. Mr. Sutherland thought that in two or three minutes a front sight might be filed on the bayonet ring, and thus the whole difficulty would disappear. The Committee then considered the matches. It was moved that the first match be open to all comera, in two periods, as last year. A question was then raised as to whether any weapon might be used. The Secretary read a letter from Captain Shawyer, sug gesting that Enfields should not be required to compete with small bores j and Captain Sellar sup ported the same view, showing that the total winnings of last year gave 2s. 91 for eaeh Enfield on the ground, and £13 for each small bore. Captain Irimmer said that such a calculation was really of no value, as a large number of the country volunteer! had not the slightest chance of winning anything. Ihe general opinion seemed to be that the Enfield had but a very poor chance in the All Comers' Match, jf the match, went beyond 500 yards. The Seoretary suggested giving a special prize to the highest Enfield, should another rifle win. Mr. Barrow finally moved, and Captain Hall seconded, that the All Comers' Match should inolude the 200, 300, 400tond 500 yards only, so that all weapons might compete. This was carried. It was then con sidered whether competitors should be allowed to enter for any one or two distances separately ; but eventually, on the motion of Captain Hall, seconded by Captain Sellar, it was resolved that competitors must enter for the whole match, and'thatthe entrance fee be 2s. 6A., the number of shots to ba seven at each range. The prizes to be two at each distance, and three for the aggregate score. Second Match — Ladies Prize : open to all members of the Associa tion and all volunteers ; distances 500, 800, and 900, ?even shots, two prizes of equal value, one to the highest score made by an Enfield, the other by a small bore. Third match, 2s. 6d. entrance, in two periods. 200, 600, and 600 ; 700, 800, and 900. five ?hots : six prizes for the aggregate scores ; the first prize to be the silver medal of the National Associa tion and £— — ; open to volunteers only. It was then discussed whether the large bore Terry should com pete with Enfields in this match. Captain Sellar moved that only the Enfield should compete in this match. Captain Trimmer moved that any weapon of similar bore 'Should be admissible. Captain Seller's motion was carried. Pourtk match, open to the South Australian BAfle Association, to be shot for with any rifle used by a volunteer company, 5s. entrance, distances 300 and 600 yards, seven rounds ; two prizes at each distance, and two aggre gate prizes. Kfth match — Company's match; en trance fee £2 2s. ; company's rifles, 200, 500, and 800, seven rounds ; three prizes ; one half, three tenths, and two-tenths of entrance fees, with £— — added. Seven men to represent each company. Sixth matoh — Rifle Derby, open to all comers, any rifle, 10s. 6d. entrance ; five rounds ; 200, 500, and 600; four prizes — a half, a quarter, a sixth, and a twelfth of the entrance money. Seventh match : Long range, open to any rifle ; 800, 900, and 1,000 yards ; seven rounds ; entrance 10s. 6d. ; four prizes — highest aggregate prize one half the entrance money ; the other half in' three prizes for the three distances. Eighth match — Consolation, at 200, 400, and 600 ; to be shot for by the five highest nonwin ning scores in each match made by volunteers. Three prizes ; competitors to fire with the weapons they used in the match which qualified them to shoot. On the subjeot of general regulations those of last year were adopted. In regard to scoring it was decided that the sooring be made as 2, 3, 4 ; instead 1, 2, 3 ; where ' marks' are equal, the greatest number of hits to win. Standing position at 300 yards. In addition to the notice of motion tabled by Mr. Strangways, the same gentleman has also given -notice of his intention to move the appointment of a firing oaptaia, or cap tain of the field, who should decide all questions arising out of the firing. It was also decided that a person taking an aggregate prize .should not take a secondary prize in the same match. Mr. Strangways will also move at the next meeting that the matches should take place to the south of the Reed bed*, where 20 targets might be erected, and where there would be no need of butts. The Committee then adjourned. Supplementary regulations for issuing embarkation orders and remission certificates have been framed by the Governor-in-Chief in Executive Council, to the effect that persons ineligible under olause 4 of the existing regulations may .be allowed a passage in an emigrant ship provided there is paid for suoh pas sage the average rate of passage money of a statute adult calculated on the average rate of the three vessels last chartered, provided that such person ii in good health, and not likely to become chargeable on the oolony, and that he or she sign an agreement to conform to the rule* to be observed on board ship. The existing remission certificates may also be appli cable to these persons upon the above terms. The half-yearly examination of the ptrpils attending the North Adelaide Grammar School, conducted by Mr. J. Whinham, assisted by Miss and Mr. Robert WTiinham, was held on Thursday afternoon, the 18th inst., at 2 o'clock. A large number of parents and friends were present at the hour named, and the Rev. James Jefferis, L.L.B., took the chair on the invita tion of Mr. Whinham. In his opening remarks, the Chairman, after speaking of the pleasure he felt in presiding, alluded to the excellent method of instruc tion pursued by Mr. ?Whinham, and to the very satis factory results of his teaching. He then called on that gentleman toread bia half-yearly report. Mr.Whinhata. first addressed the parents and friends present, cottF~ menting on the progress made by his pupils and their general good oonduct during the past six mqntns. He aaid that his plan of instruction was to impress thoroughly on the memories of the boys the elements of a solid education, and to make sure that they understood what they learned i he next spoke to the boyi and urged upon them the necessity of high and honorable conduct in life, without which all their education would profit them little. Mr. Whinham's address gave general satisfaction, and. he was loudly oheered on resuming his seat. The following recita tions were then delivered :— A. Langman, ' The Graves of a Household ;' B. Graham, ' The Village Blaoksmith ;' T. Davies, 'The Spanish Champion ;' P. Wiffg, 'The Fakenham Ghost;' P. Wake field, 'Last days of Hereulaneum ;' H. Baker, ' The last man ;' Ji Malcolm, ' The Wrack of the Hesperus ;' and J. MoGnlloch, ' The Arab's farewell to his Steed.' The young gentlemen aoquitted themselves very well and reflected great credit on the care and atten tion of their teacher, Mr. K. Whinham. The Eev. Mr. Jefferie, after kindly criticising the efforts of the young orators, and giving them some excellent hints on public speaking, adjudged the reci tation prizes to Masters 3-. Wakefield and James Malcolm. The prizes and certificates were then awarded as follows : — Prizes : — ^First Class — J. Mar rabel, T. Paqualin, P. Calf, and J. Malcolm (map ping). Second Class— P. Wakeflfeld, J. McCulloch, A. Langman, and P. Wakefield (mapping). Third Class— H. Baker, P. Calf, F. Wigg, and F. Calf (mapping). Fourth Class— D. MoCulloch and W. Porter. Fifth Class— I1. Davk and W* Mason Drawing — First Prize — C. W. L. Sprigg. Prize pre sented by Mr. W. Malcolm to Cornish. Certificates, General Improvement — A. Langman, E. G. Phillips, F. H. Wigg, W. Cornish, F. Doswell, and G. Elliott. Latin — J. McCulloch and J. Porter. At the con clusion of the proceedings the boya gave' several rounds of hearty cheers for their kind master, Mr. Whinham, and for Mrs. and the Misies Whinham, and Mr. B. Whinham. We should mention, that some capital specimens of mapping and drawing were shown on the walls, being the work of the boys in their leisure hourg. We are informed by Commander Hutchinson, B..N., that the officer appointed to take the place of the late Commodore Burnett, C.B., on this station, « Sir Wm. S. Wiseman, Bart., in the Ciirasoa, 31 guns, steam-frigate, 1,571 tons, 350 horse power. A report of the proceedings of'the examination of the pupils attending the Collegiate Sohool of St. Peter's, which was held on Thursday, June 18, will be found in another columu. A very rioh specimen of ore from the Spring Creek Mine has just been left at our office. We are informed that it was taken out of a magnificent lode SQfWtvide, - . 