TRIAL FOR MURDER AT BATHURST. (Abridged from the Bathurst Times. Sept. 6.) John Sing was placed in the dock charged with the murder of a Chinaman named Lee Groom, at Sofala on the 10th March last. Mr. Powell, at the request of His Honor, watched the case on the prisoner's behalf. The prisoner pleaded Not Guilty. Mr. Butler havine onened the case called Thomas Kelly, a constable stationed at Sofala, who arrested the prisoner on the 10th Mareh last. On that day, having heard there was a row amongst the Chinese, ho went to inquire into it, and found the prisoner at the bar in the custody of a mob of bis countrymen, with his hands tied. One uf the Chinamen said he had stabbed Lee Groom. The prisoner pretended to be drunk, but witm S3 knelt over him as he was lying down, and could smell nothing but opium. He bad to be carried to the watchouse, One Youg was called, and an interpreter having been sworn, the witness deposed that the dtceased was iu his store on the day of the murder, and the prisoner came in, and com menced to quarrel with Lee Groom, and called bim in Ohiuese a ? b ? r twice. The de ceased retaliated in the same ianguage, when the prisoner rushed at and stabbed him. Wit ness did not see the knife at first, bnt when Lee Groom cried out, then he saw what had oc curred. Witness tried to catch hold of the prisoner, bat he went out of the shop aud rau up the hill. (Prisoner : I did not run — it's a story.) Witness followed him, when the pri soner threatened if he persisted in doing so. he would stab him. Witness being close to him, struck the knife out of his hand, and some Englishmen coming up, they tied nis hands Behind him. brought him back, and threw him on the ground near the store. Lee Groom was very badly hurt and died the same day. Wit ness never saw them quarrelling before. Tung Gar, having been sworn by blowiug ot.t ?i canrlle, said he was present when Lee Groon ? us stabbed aud stood by his side, aud through -ut generally corroborated the evidence uf One Yong, and said the deceased was a very good man. Mr. Powell, in addressing ths jury, contended ?Mdfthe case- was one of manslaughter and not o.' murder. His Honor, in sniv^ii}^ up, pointed out the very' slender narrative given by the witnesses cf what had transpired. There was no statement of any affray or blow struck by the deceasedj— if the prisoner had been fighting with tho deceased and death resulted in consequenoe, then the offence might be considered as man slaughter, but he directed them to bear in mind that the words said to have passed between the two were not calculated to causa such, provoca* tion as to make the killing of the deceased a crime of manslaughter. The jury retired, and after the absence of a qnarter-of-an-hour, returned with a verdict of ' Guilty of Murder.' His Honor, addressed the prisoner, and said he had been patiently heard, and every attention paid to his case, and had been found guilty of murder. Sentence of death was passed upon him and the prisoner was removed. The Ghost. — Spiritualism reigned tri umphant in Sydnev oh Monday night; the. Ghost was in every body's mouth, and everybody, that is,, everybody that the walls of the Prince of Wales and Victoria Theatres1'* would contain, went to see it. When the number of persons desirous of assisting at the great spiritual demonstration was so large, it was manifestly impossible that the Ghost, or rather Ghosts, with the very limited time at their disposal, could devote sufficient time even to leaving their cards with persons desirous of cultivating their acquaintance, and therefore, as the Ghosts could not possibly go to see everybody, everybody went to see the Ghosts, and what is more, everybody went away satisfied that the Ghosts are the most extraordinary optical illusion, or, as a lady near us said, delusion they had ever witnessed. Were it not that a light at the back of the stage can be seen shining through the body of the shadowy figure, and that an actor on the stage passes and repasses through it there would be great difficulty in distinguishing it from a living person. We have heard, indeed, that on one occasion at Melbourne, when Miss Green and hex double were on the sidge together, the resemblance was so perfect that as Sambo says, ' You couldn't tell t'oder from which.' As a vehicle for the intro duction of our unearthly visitor, two of the fine old uu-lo dramas in which our grandfathers used to re joice, were disinterred and put upon the stage in all their dreary integrity. At that remote period pro bability of plot, skiifulness of construction or point in dialogue were all subservient to the great sensa tion scenes. In those days, ghosts were the great, indeed, th« only means of producing a sensation, and the idea was so successful that a melodrama without a ghost, or at the very least a raving maniac, stood not the slightest chance of drawing a tolerable house. ' Headers' iu the ' Coleen Bawn,' and jumping off a precipice on a twig in the 'Peep o' Day' have entirely superseded the old original sensation ghost to which result the sceptical philosophy of the present day has probably contributed. A flesh and blood ghost in a play now a days would produce an unconquerable inclination to yawD, and the variety of the species at all to be tolerated in our present advanced stage of science and civilization is the oxy- hydrogen. The Ghost, or Ghosts were entirely successful on Monday, and may their nightly visitations continue for a long time to come, 'The Castle Spectre' is by far the better of the two ghost mediums ; but its success, although it is well written in some parts and con tains some good situations, was mainly due to the exceedingly powerful acting of Mr. H. N. Warner, who has all the natural capabilities of a great actor, if he chose to take advantage of them Mrs. Poole did her best with the very namby pamby character of Evelina, who if Byron's dictum be true must certainly have smelt strong of bread and butter. M. Appleton as Earl Percy and Mr. Bur ford as Hassan, also contributed larorelv to the sue — - - - i ? - ? O ?» cess of the piece. The set scenes in which the Ghost appeared were very effective ones. The Willow Copse with which the performance com menced at the Prince of Wales is oue of the best of that class ef meldrama of which the Green Bushes is the tipe and it was exceedingly well played, the cast including the whole streugih of the company, among whom were our old friend Rogers, F. Youug, Mrs. Crosby, Miss Fanny Young, Mrs. A. King, and a new aspiraut for public favour Miss A. M. 0,'iiun who was very favourably received. Tbe Bleeding Nun is unmitigated bosh, but it answered the purpose for which it was produced, that is, of exhibiting the Ghost and it was very well put upon the stage. Ou Monday an inquest was held at the Argyle Hotel, on the body of a waterman named Thomas Smith. Deceased was between sixty and seventy years of age, had lately complained of a pain in his head, and had suffered trom a cold. Deceased spent most of Saturday afternoon by the fireside ; he slept for a time, and then went inte the yard ; there he fell down, aud having been assisted into the house, expired about five o'clock. Verdict — Died suddenly from natural causes. The prizes won at the late race meeting were paid over on Monday night at Tatiersall's. Mr. Towns was the largest receiver, his prizes amounting to £616, besides a silver cup. The general settling took place afterwards, when all engagements were promptly met. At the teruiina tion of this business a £5 Calcutta sweep was got up on the Ballaarat Champion Race, and this anounted to £95 10s. Archer sold for £30, Talleyrand for £20, Mormon £15, Barwon £10, Camden £9, |)Zoe £8, and the remainder were knocked down at the upset price. The river rose very high at Tamwortb, on Sunday nighu Peel-street was partly flooded oa Monday. The Assembly sat but a very short time \esterday gelling through most of the business on the paper. Some of the notices were postponed* .VI r. G. Eager gave notice that he would move oa Mie motion to adopt the report of the Committee of Ways and Means, ' That the financial condition ? -t the country as shown by jhe estimates of Ways i nd Means for 18G'l, is unsatisfacioty and demand* lie withdrawal of the confidence of this House from t ;e Government.' What creatures may be said to live on ,hcir relations !— Why, the Aunt eaters, to be sure - — Punch. 