SOUTH AUSTRALIA * . . T ADELAIDE, 20tli June. , «»-uuae wm oe supplied with gas to-night for the »nt time. Several Utammations are contemplated. .fi&ipp;**ritiag to The Telegraph who aigns him eetf « Practical Miller »' hopes fer the future no in vidious distinctions will again appear in the Md J bourne marketa in re terence to, the branda ol] Adelaide floor, auch aa appeared in Mc William j lowrance's reports. r . ! Mr Blackham hu been appointed neall agent far this month. The South Australian Register recommend« that a photograph of the Adelaide volunteers taken in the set of firing while lying on their back and without using a rest, should be sent to Sydney; as the volon-. teer» there do not seem to understand that particular position. . _ , A meeting of ministers of all denonuhations is. called for Tuesday next to consider what are the best steps to be taken with respect to the slave brade cow btiiiR carried on in the South Seas. Thc rifle match between ''Sooth Australia and N. S. Wales was fired off to- day. The following waa the score made by our men at the different ranges: 200 yards, 239 points; 300 yards, 176 pouts; 400 yards, 3G9 points; 500 yards, 287 points; 600 yards, 259 points; 700 yards, 357 points; 800 yards, 231 points; 900 yards, 229 points; grand total, 1987, The wind waa rather strong^ but the weather alto gether was not unfavorable. An official telegram (rom Sydney reports their total np to 500 yards to be 1045, which pats them 34 points ahead of South Australia, and a further official telegram gives the Sydney total as 2037 points-at all ranges. This leaves a balance of 50 points in favor ol the New Sooth Wales men. Cleared out-Earl Southesk, ft* Callao. Tlie Gustave Adolfe, with timber, for Melbourne snd Sydney, sailed yesterday. Her cargo would bave been discharged yesterday, bad it not been that the nev timber duty closed this market against her. The Havilah arrived early this morning, and »ill fail for Melbourne on Wednesday, The markets generally are quiet with co alteration, io price. Oar Melbourne correspondent writes as follows: The aspect of the Legislative Assembly, on Friday night, wag one which denoted the,interest taken by the public, as well as by members of the Home, in the question at issue. Every part of the House pro vided for the accommodation of strangers was filled, and that portion of the Assembly intended for the accommodation of members of the Council was, to a considerable extent, occupied by ladies and their chaperons, though several members of the Upper House were present daring the debate. A crowd of persons, anxious to obtain entrance, occupied the epace immediately adjacent to the entrance to the Speaker's gallery, most bf whom waited until the majority agaiust Ministers was known. The tcportet's gallery «as .also well filled, every one who had any plea for the privilege of admittance having availed himself of it for that evening. The shortness of the debate, and the largeness of the majority, took everybody by sur prise ; and it is now admitted, that Mi nisters had little hope of a majority of even the one or two calculated upon during the early part of the week, and having made up their minds to a de feat, had no intention of wasting their eloquence, or committing themselves to statements that might at a general election prove awkward to defend. To tt stranger it did appear as if Mr Duffy expected sup port from his colleagues, as he looked round several times during the pauses in the debate as if to see who was advancing to the rescue; and it was ob served that while Mr Wood appeared to be asleep, and Mr O'shanassy out of the way, some one spoke to Dr Eraos as if.nrgiog bim to rise, when that astute elderly gentleman went through a suggestive, if not elegant pantomime, pointing his thumb over bis eliouider, as if to say he would do so "over the left," and with a very cheerful and rather facetious countenance he settled himself down to the enter tainment of set iug bis colleague slaughtered. Some people insist that thc course adopted by Ministers indicates that Mr Duffy is to Le thrown over; others that that gentleman has cheerfully taken the responsibility of the position, Intending to claim the profits of victory if successful, and prepared to accept the penalties of defeat if unsuccessful. Those who think thus expect that Mr Daffy will, on Toes, day, tecder his resignation, and that bis office will be filled by one against whom there is no ill-feeling, and who will be untrammelled by the blunders of his predecessor. Should this course be adopted it is quite possible that a majority maybe secured for the O'shanassy ministry. The issue tried on Friday night was nothing more or less than the question of repudiation of the arbitration awards. The Govern ment, having consented to arbitration, had no other coarse open to it than to accept the awards or dis pute them in the Supreme Court, aud to repudiate a solemn compact by Act of Parliament was regarded as disreputable to the character of the colony and dangerous as a precedent for legislative action, when property or pecuniary interests are at stake. This, and this only, caused the unexpected majority against Ministers, and nothing was more noticeable than the utter blind ness of Mr Duffy throughout his speech as to the actual point at issue, and his utter ignorance displayed on the subject of the carrying capacity of runs Nearly every illustration need wag beside the m?rk as was shown by Mr Snodgrass, and aptly illustratec by the case of Phillip Island. Unfortunately, Mi Snodgrass bas not been either fully or fairly re ported. Bis was the practical speech of the evening and in the hands of a more eloquent mao would bav< been more-effective and more instructive. It oagh to be known that Mr Snodgrass and Mr Mollison dit not vote, because they considered themselves hiter eited personally in the division, and therefore felt s delicacy in acting; and that this coarse was urged or all those members interested in squatting. The debatí seems to some extent to have smoothed the way fo: the Opposition to take office. -The great difficult} appears to be got over, as Mr M-Culloch has stated that he doeB not propose to return to Bales by auc lion; and Mr Brooke spoke in reference to the policy of dealing with the pastoral lands as being a very dif ferent question now to what it was when he propose) to deal with it when a Miaister. A combination ap pears possible. An appeal to the country is un likely, ss the present Assembly has only a itv months of existence, before it gives up the ghost bf the effluxion of time. The number of persons that arrived at the port o Melbourne during the last week was 403; of wbicl number 368 were from the neighboring colonies, 2 from Point de Gaile, 6 from Leith, and 9 from Van couver's Island. The steamer Gothenbarg, from Otago, after bein detained for some time at the Heads by the foi arrived in the Bay on Saturday evening. She lei Port Chalmers on Friday afternoon, the 12th c Jane, and brings files to that date. The news hs chiefly beeo forestalled by telegram from Sydney. 