THE PLAYHOUSE. " Wv ar we so fond of AMLET ?" Well, its ard to say. He's a kweer kustomer anyow. He's all jaw like a halligaiter's edd. My beleef is he'd tawk a donkey's ind leg off. He don't heave altogether well to Miss HOFEELYER, and he givs is mother a most undootiful rowiu. He goes about the world tawking to isself, and makin hother peeple genrally unkomfortble. He ant game to kommit sooiside, and he's most bumpshus wen nobody ant listenin. He as is douts about the old guvner speekin the trewtli (wich is well off for togs in the hother world) and dont beleev wot he sez, until tother king feels awl hoverish at the play. He goes and kills POLONEYOUS in an underand sort of whey beeind the harass, wareby that respecktible old bloke, wich nose a triok or too, is very hill yewsd. AMLET must ave noan it warnt a rat. Stoopid edd ! If he adnt gorn and killed POLONEYOUS, HOFEELYER wouldnt have gorn mad and drownd herself, and if she addnt drownd errself, LAYRTISS woodnt have fell out with AMLET, and there wood ave bin no fitin, and pisenin and murder, and no sensation seen in the last hackt, wen the stage is litter'd with corpuses, and the Copenhagen volunteer band plays the dedd march in Sawl, underds of yeers before it were hinwented. Wich is nuthin to the nacker-what-dye-call-ems of the seen painter, wich mixes up hawl sorts of horders and stiles and dates, till yoo dont 110 wether youre in TConstantiknopl, or Jerewsollem, or Noo York. Bless your art, we beys as patternize the Public Libry nose watts wat. Has to the purformans, it was fust rate. He's a hable hacter is Mister SULLIVAN, and is hawl there. He thinks for isself, and makes little pints ware you dont expect em, and new reedins wich shose kareful study. He's wherry hernest, too, wich me and the hother boys in the galry kwite happroovs of. Wy dont none of the hackters as play AMLET wear a beard ? They was yewniwersally worn in them days, I beleeve ; and seein as ow he was hover thirty, he'd ad time enuff to gro won. This thyme, Mister SULLIVAN was well supported. ROBERT HAIR'S Ghost tawkt as a ghost ort to tawk ; tho I never eard won myself ; but I fansi that's ow a ghost wood tawk—solium and meshurd-like. Mrs. HAIR made a stunnin Queen, and Mister HIRELAND'S fine woice and slap-up hellokushun cawsd im to be hevry hinch a King. Mister LAM- BERT'S POLONEYOUS was hay won, and Miss ROSA DUNN played HOFEELYER with a pretty paythos wich almost set some on us snivellin. Messhers FITZJERROLD and OPE is likewhys too be prased. " Takin it for awl in haul," as AMLET sez, it was a lumping sixpennorth, and me and the rest of the boys (wich gets a good many tizzies by selling Punches and hextrorneries) meen to go agen. Sum of my pals say I ort to bee on the free list, but I sez, "No ! I pays my sixpuus like a man, and rite jest wot I think, without feer, fever, or affeckshun :" and that's wot I caul troo kritterschism. A GALLERY BOY. 