A DREADFUL GHOST. ? (FromWelcome Ovm.) "^Such a dreadful ghost!—-oh, such dreadful ghost!" My wife, who was luckily sitting by me, was at first as much frightened as I was, but graduallly she succeeded in quieting both me and herself, which indeed she has a wonderful faculir for doing. When she had'drawn from me the cause of my terrified exclamations, we discussed the whole matte;—in which we differed considerably; and on this subject we invari ably and affectionately do. She is a perfectly matter-in-fact, unimaginative, and un8uperstiti0us individual: quite satisfied that in the invisible, as in the visible world, two and two must make four, and cannot by any possibility make five. Only being, with all her gentleness,« little pig-headed, die does not see the one flaw in her otherwise very sensible argument, namely, the taking for granted that we finite creatures, who are so liable to error even in material things, can in things immaterial decide absolutely upon what is two and what is four. There Uvea more &ith; in basest doubt, Believe me, than in half your creeds. ' And it is just possible that when the Devil tempted our forefather to eat of the tree of knowledge, he was laughing, as maybe he often laughs now, to think what a self-conceited fool a man must be, ever to suppose that he can know everything. When I preach this to my helpmate— who is the humblest and sweetest of women —she replies, in perhsps the safest way a woman can reply to an argument, with a smile; as ehe did, when, having talked over and viewed on ail sides my Dreadful Ghost, she advised me to make it public, for the good of the community: in which we agreed, though differing. She considered it would prove how very silly it is to believe in ghosts at aU. I considered—but my story will explain that. She and I were, I thought, invited to a strange house, with which, and with the family, wo were only acquainted by hearsay. It was, in fact, one of those " invitations on business,"—such as litersty persona like myself continually get; and which give little pleasure, as we are perfectly aware from what motives they spring; and that if we could pack up our reputation in a portman- teau, and our head in a hat-box, it would answer exactly the tam* purpose, and be equally satisfactory to the inviting parties. However,the present case WM ftn etoeption • since, though we had never seen oar entertainers, we had heard that they were, not a show-loving, literary-Uon-hunting housebold, bnt really a f*wUlg; aStationately united among themselves, ana d*?oted to the memory of the lately-jost, head. He was a plpwcian, widely esfreemed/and also a man of lettenk whose death had created a great blank, tethfa his wn circle and in /the literary wottd at Urge. Now, after a year's interval, hw widpw and three daughters were beginning to reappear in society; andat the B^itij^Awoeiatton meefen^, held long-hospitable hous» to «ny wife and me.. Being «trangei*>«» thought it best to iippesr, as J^iraplA «d*ise all strangerguests to do,M% ! W!iitta qf tte day; when cand)e-light J ai& fire-light ;fflist„4 kindly mystery over all things, wnd the few brief hours of awkwazdnass aad un&miliajrity; are followed bythe nocturnal aeparation—when ba^^mtiy,' luis time tb thtnk over and t#lk ffimltk other—meeting next morning wift ' klii^Uy .f«eliog' bfthose vho have passed a night under the same iWanfflyfOwi -.<•-,<: ,, :s h>. As my wifeand Istepped from onr cab, the dull day Was already o1osit» into twili#t, and the tn ouly W-nii^ilnad the room ihto which It wai an old-faahioned, nte, gloomy apaitment •tudy, i being fitted up ss a library, while at the other — pleasant thoughtfulness, which already warmed our hearts towards our onseen hosts!—w»s spread out that best of all meals for a weary traveller, a tea dinner. So hungry were we, that this welcome, wellsupplied, elegant board was the only thing we notified about the room;—except one other thing, which hung close above the tea table, on the panelled wall. It was a large full-length portrait, very well painted ; the sort of portrait of which one says at once, " What a good' likeness that must be." It had individuality, character—the soul of the man as well as his body: and as he sat in his chair, looking directly at you, in a simple, natural attitude, you felt what a beautiful soul this must nave been, one that even at sixty years of age—for the portrait seemed thus old— would have shed a brightness over any home, and over any society where the person moved-. . " I suppose that must be the poor Doctor/' sald my wife, as her eyes and mine both met upon the canvas face, which glimmered in*, the fire-light with a most life-like aspect, the gentle, benevolent eyes seeming to follow one about the room, as the eyes of most well-painted full-face portmita do. " You never saw him, (Varies f" "2f0; but this is exactly the sort of man he must have teen" And our conviction on the matter was so strong, that when the widow came in, we abstained from asking the question, lest we strangers might touch painfully on a scarcely hBaled wound. She was a very sweet-looking little woman : pale, fragile, and rather silent than otherwise. She merely performed the duties of the tea-table, whilst the conveisation was tarried on with spirit and intelligence by her three daughters,—evidently highly accomplished women. They were no longer young, or particularly handsome; but they appeared to have inherited the inexpressible chanA of manner which, I had heard, Characterised their lost father: and they had, my wife whispered me, a still greater attraction in her eyes—(she had, dear soul, two little daaghtm* of her own growing up)—-which was the exceeding deference they paid to their mother, who was not by any means so clever as themselves. Perhaps I, who had not married a woman Yor her cleverness, admired the mother most. The Doctor's widow, with her large, soft, sorrowful eyes, whore the tears seemed to have dried up, mr ben frozen up in a glassy quietness, was to me the best evidence of what an excellent man he must have been: how deeply beloved, how etotnsllv monmed. She never spoke of her husband, nor the daughters of their fathers. This silence— which some families consider it almost a religious duty to preserve regarding their dead, we, of course, as complete stranger®, had no business to break; and, therefore, it happened that we were still in the dark as to the original of that remakable pertrait-whichmiouteby minute tooka stronger hold on my imagination; my wife's, too— or that quality of universal tender-heartedness, which in her don duty for imagination. I never looked at her, but she was watching either our hostess,or that likeness, which ahe supposed to be the features which to the poor widow had been so deservedly dear. A most strange picture. It seemed, in its wonderfully true simulation of life., to sit, almost lite an unobserved, silent guest, above our cheerful and conversational table. Many times during the evening I started, as if with the sense of a seventh person being in the room—in the very social circle —hearing everything, observing everything but saying nothing. Nor was I alone in this feeling, for I noticed that my wife, who happened to sit directly opposite to the portrait, fidgeted in her chair, and finally moved bar position to one where she could escape from those steady, kindly, everpursuing, painted eyes. New I ask nobody to believe what I am going to relate: I must distinctly state that I do not believe it myself: bnt I tell it because it involves an idea and moral, which the reader can apply if he chooses. All I can say is. that so far as it purports to go and when you come to the end you will find that out—-this is really a true story. My wife, you must understand, sat exactly before the portrait, till she changed places with me, and went a little way down the oblonr table, on the same aide. Thus, one of us had a front, and the other a alightly foreshortened view. Between us and it was the table, in the centre of which stood a lamp—one of those reading-lamps which throw a bright circle of light below them, and leave the upper half of the room in comparative shadow. I thought it was this shadow, or some fanciful flicker of the fire, which caused a peculiarity in the eves of the portrait, fhey seemed actually alive—moving' from right to left in their orbits, opening and closing their lids, turning from one to the other of the family circle with a variable expression, as if conscious of all that was done or said. And jet the family took no notice, but went on in their talk with us: choosing the ftommon topics with which unfamiliar per sons try to plumb one another's minds and 'duraeten: yet never once reverting to this peculiar phenomenon—which my wife, I saw. had klsb observed, and interchanged with ine aepe than one uneasy glanoe in the pauses «f eonrersation. The evening Wis wearing on—it waa nearly ten o'clock, when looking up at the picture, from which for the last bait-hour I had steadily averted nty gate, I was startled by B sHU mon marvellous (act concerning it. ' Formerly, the eyes alone had appeered •live : nowthe whole free was rounded. It grew up, out of the flat canvas is if in has-relieX or like one oi those terribly painful *cssts after death—except that there was nothing painful or revolting here. As I have Said, tne faoe was a beautiful face— a noble facei auoh an one as, under any circumstanoes, you would have been attracted toy. And it had the colouring and form of life—no corpse-like rigidity or marble whiteness. The grey hair seemed gradually to rise, lock br Jock, ont of the level surface—and the figure, clothed in ordinary modern evening-dress, to become shapely sud natural,—statuesque, yet still preserving the tints of a picture. (To be eencUnU4 tn Mr nisiJ 