DEATH OF SIR ST. VINCENT COTTON, BART. This well-known sportsman died in Hyde Park-teriace on Sunday lCrh February. He was born at Madingley Hall, Cambridgeshire, in 1801, and succeeded his father, Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, when yet quite a child. After going through the due preparation at Westminister and Oxford, Sir Vincent hold a commission in the 10th Hussars, while as a sportsman he early distinguished himself in Leicestershire; and with Creeper, Cheat, and and his more famous mai'e Lark, few men rode harder or were much better mounted. It was, however, liis taste for the road that served to make the late baronet so marked a man. In fact, this was so ruling a passion as toeventually i nduce him to adopt the " ribbands," as a profession. He purchased the Brighton Age of Mr. Willan, and for some years horsed it and drove it, taking his shilling and returning the orthodox " Thank ye" for remembering the coachman. Sir Vincent was also a steady patron of the Ring, and we fear the rattling of the bars was not the only music to his ear, as we have seen him throw " the nick" out of a pewter pnt. For some years he had lived in comparative retirement, but the talented satirist who, under the guise of Mr. Jorrocks, has written so much and so well, thus sketched him in his hey-day:— " Presently a rattling of pole-chains was heard, and a cry was raised of" Here's Sir Wincent!" I looks out and saw a werry neat, dark, chocolate-colored conch, with narrow Ted-striped wheels, and a crest, either a beagle or a unicorn (I forgets which), on the door, aud just the proprietors' names below the winder, and " The Age" in large gilt letters below the gammon board, drawn by four blood-like, switch-toiled nags, in beautiful polished harness, with brass furniture, without j bearing- reins—driven by a swelh'sh-looking young chap in a long-bodied, rough, claret- colored benjamin, with fancycolored tie, and a bunch of flowers in his button- hole—no coachman or wan of fashion, as you knows, being complete without the flower. There "was nothing gamnionacious about the turn-out; all werry neat and 'andsome, but as plain as plain could be; and there was not even a bit of Christmas at the 'orses ears, which, I observed, all the other coaches had. Well, down came Sir Wincent, off went his hat, out came the waybill, and off he ran into the office to see what they had for him. . . . The streets were werry full, hut Sir Wincent wormed his way among the coal waggons, wans, busses, coaches, bottom-ovpr-tops, trucks, and cabs, in a marvellous workmanlike manner, wliich seemed the more masterly inasmuch as the leaders, having their heads at liberty, poked them about in all directions, all—a—mode Francev, just as they do in Paris. At the Helephant and Castle — and, indeed, wherever we stopped—there were lots of gapers to see the Baronet-coachman, but Sir Wincent never minded them, but bustled about with his waybill, and shoved in his parcels, fish—baskets, and oyster barrels like a good'un." Alas! that all these glories of the road nre gone. We get down to Brighton now in an hour, half asleep as we go, and without the ghost of an idea or an incident on the way. In Sir Vincent's time it was a delightful ride, with plenty to see, and hear, and enjoy. The convenience of the rail is not quite all gain, especially to the sportsman and lover of openair life and adventure. Sir St. Vincent Cotton, who was the sixth baronet, leaves no son, and the title becomes extinct. Origin of the Phinter's Devil.—An anecdote of the origin of the " Printer's Devil," inns as follows :—When Jfanutius, the elder, set up in business in Venice, he came into possession of a little negro boy who had been left by some merchant vessel in that city to be properly cared for. This boy was known all over the city as the " little black devil," who helped the mysterious bibliofactor along; and although no one had ever seen trim, perhaps, yet there was great dread raised among the children concerning this hobgobliu. Some ignorant persons believed him to be none other than an embodiment of the evils of Satin, who helped Aldus in the prosecution of his profession, for many persons who were personally acquainted with him thought that he had dealings with the old boy. One day Aldus determined to dispel the hallucination by publicly displaying the young imp to the poorer "classes. On the occasion he made a very characteristic speech. " Let it be known in Venice, that I, Aldus Manutius, printer to the Holy Chnrch and Doge liave this day made a public exposure of the Printer's Devil"! All those who think be is not flesh and blood may come forward and pinch him!" He was the first negro roller boy, and he must have been more intelligent than those we have met in some printing offices, or else Manutius' fame would not have been so bright perhaps, for he was the first to discover that the pressman's first rule was to have the ink well distributed with balls or any other contrivance. A man was taken up for stealing some valuable fancy ducks, and after a description of them, the prisoner's attorney said, " Why, they can't be such a rare breed, for I have some of them in my own yard."—"Very likely," said the complainant; *" I have lost a good many lately." Talleyrand, when asked by a lady famous for her beauty and stupidity how she should rid herself of some of her troublesome admirers, replied, " You have only to open your mouth, madam." At a christening, while the minister was giving the certificate, he happened to say, " Let me see, this is the 30th."—" The thirtieth!" exclaimed the indignant mother; " indeed it is only the eleventh!" A lady refused her lover's request that she would -give him her portrait " Ah, it mat- ters not/' he replied; " when blest with the original who cares for the copy T' The lady, both ignorant and indignant, retorted, "I don't wink myself more original than anybody else." "John," said a father to his son one day, when he caught him shaving the down off his upper lip, " don't throw your shaving water out where there are any barefooted boys, for they might get (heir feet pricked." A gentleman attempted in a hurry to ask a waiter in an hotel for a pitcher of drinking water, and exclaimed, " Waiter, hare you a drinker of pitching water ?"—" No, sir," was the reply, "we haven't no drinker of pitch and water in the establishment; but ifvou he loves me, my dear." Sharp little Boy: " Well, then, he loves our cook too, for I dw him loss her moren forty times last Sunday s gone to 