THE THEATRES. ROYAL IIAYMARKET. Diokons's atorjr of " Tho Ilannted Mun," presonted on Monday night, ia osaentiullY un- drumatio, and therefore ill-auitod to irtorcat a theatrical ,'audienos. But it eerTOs well enough to introduce the optical dlccta which nro juat now tho loading features at this placo of amuBO' mont, and thus, though tho p'.oy is incompro- hensiblo, judged by tho ordinary method of estimating theatrical performances, tho ghost business is done to everybody's satisfaction. Morcoror the central pillar behind which the illuminating process was conducted, iu tho production of the Castle Spcctro, is not now preBont, tho refleel ion .being thrown from tho wings, and the whole result theroforo is moro successful. Nevertheless, though the piece itBelf is somewhat wearisome, tho excellence of tho noting makes amends for this quality. Miss Jjockhart is tho very typo nr.d model of geniality. Sho accurately interprets the meaning of tho illustrious author of this beautiful allegory, and sho appears to difTuso and to create happiness, by tl.c constant brightness of ber presence. Her voice nnd manner, indeed, nro singularly well adopted to produce this eilbot. Tho clmrm of n voico "gentle nnd low," that "excellent thing in woman," is one of her most prominent attri butes, and she employs it with a rare and dclicato perception of its capabilities. In tho particular scene whoro sho vitifs Longford during his convalcsenco, nnd is treated un kindly by him, tlio tondcr softness with which sho expresses hor sorrow that lie should bo so insensible to her kindness, is uttered with tho most tolling effect. Mrs Holloway is the roverso of inc- floctivo as tlio fomnlo head of tlio Tettorby family, tho several members of which are woll made up as to tlio externals whicli individually distinguished them, especially Master Adoiphus, who is a very graphic rep resentative of tho hobbledehoy, whose arms and logs protrude too far beyond their respec tive encasements. Mr Stewart, as tho lather of this very growing family, is quito in his clement, nnd fulfils tho necessities of tlio character with an abundance of plessnnt humour. Mr Milne's old Swidger is without oxcoption tlio best old man ho lias personated for a long time. The senility is not over dono ; it is suggestive of extreme ago, bat not, as is sometimes observed, of impossible decrepitude, and tho ' childish troblo " is not exaggerated into ail unnatural squeak. Mr Young, as tho principal figuro in the picture, displays that careful attention to tlio proper business of tho scenes which might have boon expected of him. The measured solemnity which, it may bo presumed, is liecossary to the delivery of the dialogue spokeu by a haunted man, is given with such appropriateness of vocal intonation asservodwell 10 intensify its effect, and ho looks tho part at ell points. " Tho Child" is represented with wonderful clever ness by Master Willie JCdwurds, and tlio ghost's spcochcB are musically monotoned by Mr Edwards. The pieco wn3 repeated last . evening, and tho spectral machinery appears ' now to be in very efficient order. ROYAL PRINCESS S. "The Captain of tho Vulturo" was ropeatod last night. Tlio ghost appeared to much greater advantage than 011 tho first night of its production. Tlio damage caused by the accident to which wo alluded has beon remedied bo far as to permit of tlio apparition being visiblo to a much greater cxtout than was observable boforo, so that tho general effoot of tho whole is largely improvod. 