INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW SOUTH WALES. GILBERT AND BEN HALL The Lachlan correspondent of the Bathurst Hines says "Since the affray at Goimbla, the whereabouts of these bushrangers par excellence has apparently been lost sight of; for while the Sydney Mail states as a fact, in one of its leaders, that Gilbert had gone to Victoria,' g circumstance occurred on Saturday last within ft.1?11,6 1 20lbs- by which it would appear that both the chief and his remaining companion were at that time, at any rate, not far from us. The following information is derived from the toll-keeper of Kirkpatiickand T Waddell s bridge, Lachlan River, and from other sources. The toll-keeper states that about the hour referred to, hearing horses rapidly approaching the bridge, he hastened out to collect the toll and that two men galloped up, each having a led horse. He stopped them and demand the toll (2s), when one of them took out a pound note, and tendered it. The toll-keeper had to go to his hut to get change, when the other party followed him at once, and narrowly watched his movement?, until the silver was handed over, when both the men again galloped off. Shortly after, a party of police came up and made inquiries at the bridge, with regard to the persons who had passed. They said they (the police) were from Goimbla, and that they had sighted the two men described several times on the road, but were unable to overtake them. They believed them to be Johnny Gilbert and Ben Hall. Both wore ponchos, a favour to article of raiment apparently amongst bushrangers, and their appearance generally bore out the idea that they were the men. I have not heard that any parties answering this description have been met elsewhere ; but there are certainly reasonable grounds for suspicion in this case that the parties were Gilbert and Hall, making tracks for a new section of country from the scene of their late murderous export." (FROM THE EMriBB, DEC. 2.) Seoir V. THE EMPIRE. - This extraordinary case, which has occupied the Supreme Court from the 16th November to the 1st December, terminated in a verdict for the defendants. Sir Alfred Stephen commenced to sum up yesterday, shortly after ten a.m., and did not conclude until half-past six in the evening. The court was crowded during the whole day, and the greatest interest in the result prevailed throughout the city. The Chief Justice's charge to the jury commenced by an attempted vindication of his conduct in throwing his weight into the scale of the plaintiff. It was the most extraordinary charge ever delivered by a British judge, and was made up of a series of the most artful, elaborate, and complicated misrepresenta- tions of the facts which the jury had to determine His Honour also took a somewhat unusual course, in placing in the bands of the jury, when they retired to consider their verdict, a lengthy paper containing his view of the law of libel a view which, if correct, would effectually put a stop to the publication of the Empire, or any other honest journal. The jury retired at about a quarter to seven o'clock, the Chief Justice intimating his intention of coming back at ten o'clock, to receive their verdict. In the meantime, his Honour had taken the precaution of providing a posse of police, to repress any ebullition of feeling on the port of the crowds of deeply interested spectators. Shortly after ten o'clock the court was again opened, and after waiting about a quarter of an hour, his Honour took his seat on the bench. The jury having been called into court, the foreman said they were not unanimous there were ten to two. The defendants' counsel at once expressed theirroadinesstoacceptthoverdictjbut Mr. Isaacs, for plaintiff, declined to comply untiUhelegalsixhourshadelapsed.HlsHononr then requested the counsels both sides to consult with him, in his private room. After the lapse of about half an hour, the plaintiff s counsel agreed to accept the verdict. The foreman of the jury being then called upon to declare it, said, " We find for the defendant. Although it was then near eleven at night, the court was densely crowded, and fromIna crowd arose a loud burst of applause. The Chief Justice immediately attempted to stem the torrent of feeling; and, when he had succeeded in obtaining silence, the foreman of the jury said they had a rider to add to the verdict-a rider adopted unanimously by the jury. It was to this effect" That the jury were of opinion that the treatment of MM ville, at the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, Jas highly censurable, and called for investiga- tion at the hands of the Executive." Assam as the rider was delivered, the most deafening cheering commenced, and, being taken up outside the court-house, was continued for some time. The crowd shortly afterwards quietly dispersed. QUEENSLAND. (FROM THE GUARDIAN.) DESTRUCTION OF GARDEN PRODUCE HI OAiEBriLLABS.-The Toowoomba Chronicle of 26th reports that large numbers of green caterpillars have been creating and have many of the gardens in and around Toowoomba during the last few days. In some instances the crops of peas have been totally destroyed, not a single pod escaping the ravages of those destructive insects. Cab Ces and kidney beans are, next to peas, the food preferred by them, and when those full, Lead beans and potatoes are devoured. If they continue to flourish and spread for the next ten days in the same proportion as they have done since their appearance amongst us, there will be very little green stuff left of any kind In April last the ground was literally covered with the past of the farmer. They appeared suddenly, and almost as suddenly vanished. Since then there has been no indication of the existence of the above insect in this part until within the last few days, during which everything green has been fast disappearing through their sudden reap a ' (FROM THE countER.) WRECKS. The unwelcome news of two wrecks on Bampton Shoal has been received in Brisbane this week. The first was the American whaler Hope, Captain Gifford ; the second the Sporting Lass, of Sydney, Captain Bennett, also on a whaling cruise. It is re markable that Captain Bennett was formerly a sufferer by shipwreck on the Bampton Shoal. His vessel, the Prince of Denmark, was lost there a few months ago and from her remains he built another vessel, the Hamlet's Ghost, in which he and his crew came to Brisbane. Captain Gifford and the greater part of his ship's company arrived here in their hands on Thursday morning; one boat, with seven men on board, in charge of the third mate, parted company at sea, on the night of the 10th instant, and, it is supposed, took a course for Sydney. Captain Bennett and all his ship's company arrived Tar." PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. During the week there has been a consequence of the representatives of the several Presbyterian bodies of this colony to consummate a union under the title of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, upon the basis agreed to by the Conference held here in July last. The union was satisfactorily consummated, and the formula duly subscribed. Subsequently a synod was elected, with the Rev. S. Wilson as moderator, and at their sittings all matters relating to church procedure, extension of missions, and others of importance, were arranged. Cons. The first draft of the Queensland Cooperative Society has located on the banks of the Mary River, where they intend to carry on cotton cultivation. WHEAT CROP The accounts of the wheat crops in the Warwick district are far from encouraging. The rust is making havoc on some of the farms. NEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. (FROM THE DAILY TIMES, NOV. 28.) RAILWAYS The Christchurch Railway is to be opened on the 1st December. The Government of Canterbury intend to make the occasion a public holiday, and the opening ceremonial is to be succeeded by a grand dinner and a ball in the evening. Wonotice, by the Southland papers, that the first sod of the "Great Northern Railway," connecting Invercargill with the Wakatip Lake District, was to be turned yesterday, on which occasion also a public holiday was to be kept. Otago is being left behind by its less wealthy neighbours in the matter of iron roads. AUCKLAND. (FROM THE NEW ZEALANDER, NOV. 19.) MUTINY ON BOARD SHIP Four seamen belonging to the ship Helvellyn were apprehended on Tuesday, and lodged in prison, on charge of having embezzled the stores of this vessel on her voyage to this port. Yester- day more serious charges were preferred against them, which, if established, will necessitate their committal for trial at the Supreme Court. Albert Canter is accused of assaulting Charles Smith, with intent to murder William Boss with exciting the crew to mutiny ; Michael Hughes with stealing the ship's stores; and William Thompson with actual mutiny. THE HIMALAYA On Saturday afternoon the signal for a steamer placed almost the whole population of Auckland on the qui vive, and the question, "Is she the Himalaya?" was the question of the hour. When her lofty masts were seen distinctly over the low land near the North Head, that question was speedily answered in the affirmative. Very soon every " coign of vantage" every position that commanded a view of the North Head, was crowded with spectator?, watching for the first appearance of the most noble vessel that has ever floated on the Waitemata nor were they long held in suspense. The renowned Himalaya herself soon rounded the headland, and in defiance of wind and tide, steamed majestically up the harbour. Her pllotgavetheshoal- waterabovetheNorthHcad an unusually wide berth, thus proving that a vessel of extraordinary dimensions was entering the harbour. It is with no small satisfaction that we greet the arrival of a world renowned vessel like the Himalaya, but that satisfaction is increased by the consideration of the proof her presence here affords of the determination of the home Government to lend us help the most ample and efficient in our difficulties. The only reflection which in any way tempers our satisfaction is the fact that such large aid should be required against so foible and self-immolation a foe as the Maori. The Himalaya left Melbourne on the 7th inst., and arrived here on Saturday, November 14, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM THE REGISTER.) REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE The Government Gazette contains a statement of the revenue and expenditure of the colony for the year and quarter ended the 30th September, 1863\. This statement appears for the first time divided into three parts, in accordance with the new arrangement adopted in the Parliamentary Estimates. Subjoined is a summary of the total revenue for the quarter, as compared with the corresponding quarter of 1862 :- ' Summary. Parti. .. 00,006 IO 01 Partly... 1905 O 8r Part III.. 27,873 12 lb Mine j. Sept., 1898. Sept, 1892. S Ed. 109,011 11 0 18,727 10 3 £8 d. 130,818 8 7 7Í.097 10 2 Total.. .... 1188,072 5 Ol 200,00 18 0 This shows an increase in the revenue of the past quarter of £33,131 6s. 7d. For the year ended the 30th September last, the total revenue under the three parts was £613, 866, against £513,876 in the previous year, thus Bkroin? an increase of £99,090 16s. 8d. THE MACDONNELL LIGHTHOUSE The hon. the Chief Secretary has favoured us with the following extract from a report of the Government lighthouse-keepers the very heavy gale which raged here on the 25th and 26th ultimo, of which I had informed the President by telegram, myself and keepers were surprised in our watch by night at feel rngseveral shocks in the lantern, causing the western side to shake very much. Never having noticed this before, I felt some uneasiness as to the cause of it and have deferred sending this report, waiting opportunity of fine weather, which presented itself yesterday, of examining the base of the cliffs. Taking the keepers with me, at low water, we were, with some difficulty, enabled to examine the whole base of the cliffs round the lighthouse, and found a great portion of the rock had given way, and fallen into the sea, at the south-west point of the lighthouse. Proceeding on westerly, any directly under the western angle of the lighthouse wall, we came on a cave which had recently been opened during the heavy gale, for I had examined the cliffs about a month previous, when all was sound and secure. The mouth of the cave is level with the water at low tides, is about thirty feet deep horizontally, and four feet high, and opens to the south-west; and when the sea is rough, it must beat with great violence into it, which I have no doubt is the cause of the shocks In mo lantern. I do not, however apprehend any danger from the as there is still a good foundation. left. I would, however, beg to mention that large portions of the cliffs have given way this winter near the lighthouse, caused by the unprecedented wet weather and boisterous state of the Sea." ... Minna RIFLE MATCH WITH ENG UND We understand that the Milang Rifles have challenged the Robin Hood (Notting Hamshire) sides to a return match, to come off in February or March. ACCIDENT-A correspondent at Port Willunga writes as follows, under date December par- severe accident happened to Captain Holding, of the Goldseeker. Whilst superin u»aiD?.thepipping of some sheep from the rriJ' TuTiKllt had got entangled in the "one. the injury was so serious that he was L removed to Willunga, for medical to Given I found it necessary to amputate ÍT'"'"'"."»ger. The top of the second finger on? i in the CUBS of the crane, but the third finger is broken." lim,'\U-.iNo,RTn--A gentleman who travel '"with sheep, writing from near Wilpena, ra Is of ember 28, says a great want of feed is "well ""country from Mount Remarkable ', i,'ll>jna,ls very dry, but the feed improves lfo«JV (after northward. Advices from Mount Serle to November 21 state that the either continues hot. The latest letters from Lake Hope contain the intelligence that there were twelve feet of water in Lake Apperdea. Lake Hope is also filled to the brim, and where there were formerly only five feet six inches there now exist thirty-three feet of water. The creek had ceased running into the lake, but was going westward, and filling other, lakes in the neighbourhood. Calving is progressing very well, and a good return is anticipated. Rain is, however, much wanted, to improve the feed and sur- face-waters. ACCLIMATISATION'. - The Acclimatisation Society of Victoria, of which Mr. Edward Wilson is the indefatigable president, is one of the most flourishing and useful societies in these Australian colonies. It has been in operation but a short time, but during that time it has been the means of introducing to the colony a great variety of animals birds, fishes, and insects, many of which are doing well and are quickly adapting themselves to the new conditions of their being. We have been favoured with a copy of the second annual report of the society, a glance at which will show the importance of its operations. Why should not South Australia help in this important work? A weak attempt to found an acclimatisation society was made here a short time since, but it fell to the ground through the sheer inanity of the gentlemen who originated It. ALARMING ACCIDENT FROM LIGHTNING. At mid-day on Wednesday, Mr. Peter Harvey, landlord of the Walker Arms, Walkerville, whilst standing at his door, was struck down by lightning, and rendered speechless, insensible, and rigid. His daughter, who was inside the bar, and also two men who were standing by the same, escaped unhurt. The electric fluid passed into an adjoining bedroom, and thence into the bar parlour, splitting the window-frame. The coping outside was also injured, and some of the plastering knocked off. Dr. Whittell being sent for, applied the usual remedies, which proved effective in restoring Mr. Harvey to a state of sensibility and the use of speech. When our informant left the patient had recovered the use of his legs, but not of his arm?. TASMANIA. (FROM THE HOBART TOWN MEITCTJRY.) RIFLE MATCH. NATIVES V. EUROPEANS. The long-talked-of match between native and European volunteers came off at the rifle range on Saturday last. There were a considerable number of gentlemen present during the afternoon, and a good deal of interest was manifested in the firing. The weather was favourable, although the wind was rather uncertain, blowing occasionally in fitful gusts, and rendering it extremely difficult to judge as to the necessary amount of allowance to make. 'the match commenced at eleven a.m., and was fired in squads of six men, there being twelve competitors on either side. The ranges were 200,300,400, and 450 yards, five shots being allowed at each distance. The shooting was throughout remarkably good, and would no doubt have been surpassed if the target had been better placed than it is. At the shorter distances the position for firing is considerably to the left of the target, at 400 yards, it is nearly in a line, and at 450 yards again, the position moves away far to the right, so that it is almost impossible to judge precisely as to what allowances should be made for peculiarities in the wind and weather, The men who competed in the match on Saturday, are, with one or two exceptions, the same who have figured in all matches fired for some time past, and the effect of practice is beginning to exhibit itself in a marked degree. The highest f score made was by the champion, Cadet Kirman, namely, nineteen hits for fifty-five points, and these went to the credit of the Europeans. On the side of the Natives, however, the Champion was nearly equalled by Mr. Pitt, who scored eighteen hits for fifty points. Several other competitors also made good scores, and the general average was highly creditable, being out of twenty shots 1337 hits for 337 points. The match was concluded at about six o'clock, the result being in favour of the Europeans by seven hits for sixteen points. CHARGE AGAINST A SOLICITOR. - At the Sittings in Banco, on Friday', hiparte Ball in re-. Mr. J. Hall appeared to renew the application made by him on a previous sitting for a rule calling upon a solicitor of the court to show cause why he detained a sum of £400, being the amount of a warrant of attorney given to Dr. Benson, or why he should not pay off a certain mortgage held by a Mr. Clark. Mr. Hall read an affidavit in support of his application, and a letter in relation to the same subject. The Chief Justice pointed out that the affidavit contained no allegation that the money in question had ever been paid to the solicitor complained of. Neither did the letter contain any such statement, but, on the contrary, asserted that the money had not been paid. Neither was it shown that the mortgage mentioned had over been effected, although that was a matter which could he ascertained by search in the registrar's office. Sir F. Smith spoke to the same effect. Mr. Hall said he thought these matters had been set forth very elaborately. The subject then dropped. JAPAN. New York, Sept. 7.- Intelligence received here from Japan to the 24th of July states that the Japanese had fired into the British ship Medusa and the American ship Pemberton, between Ningaradi and Kanagawa, killing several men. The American steamer Wyoming and the British steamer Lavendale proceeded to the scene of the outrage, destroyed the town forts, and spiked the guns. The British lost three men, and the Americans five men. Two thousand Japanese were reported to have deserted towards British vessels, but it was thought they would not pass within range of the British guns. 