_P A I li TT IgBTTB._ TUESDAY, 25TH AUGUST, 1863. OUR VOLUNTEERS. THE most kindly observers of oar volunteers at parade can hardly feel satisfied with the existing amount of proficiency of the general mass of the enrolled, and those who regard the force in other respects have as little ground for satisfaction from things at present. On the one hand there is a want of attention and regularity at drill, and on the other hand the absence of a settled law for the regulation of volunteer affaire has a tendency to prolong that evil of inattention and to prod ace gene rally a careless spirit in the several corps. At the same time, of coarse, yoang men who under more favorable circumstances might be disposed to iain tba force are deterred from doing so. The want of power to enforce mies, the absence of regulations whereby those who attend to duty may be better distinguished from those who do not, the need of a better : system of selection of commissioned officers, 1 and die absence of an ultimate material re ward for service well and truly rendered, are all drawbacks to the strength and efficiency of oar volunteer army. Those who are already enrolled are tempted by this state of things to grow cold and careless, and those who have not yet joined any corps are not very likely to do so while things remain as they are at present. The would-be volunteer now goes to see the rifle corps or the cavalry troop at parade, and he sees such a ghost of I either body as really scares him from attach ' ing himself to so very small a mastering j force. If, perchance, on some grand occasion, such as that just ad van - I cing upon as in connection with the farewell visit of Si» Henry Barkly, the same I would-be volunteer turns out to behold the pump of military display, he witnesses such a series of ludicrous misadventures, caused by I the crowd of u muffs," who never muster I but for holiday show, that numbers, equally I with the absence of numbers, tend to disgust him at the thought of linking his fate as a volunteer with such sorry soldiers. Then, if he converses with members of any corps, he will ¿nd the best men lamenting the non existence of regulations sufficiently encou raging to the attentive, or sufficiently punitive to the inattentive. He will also, it may be, hint a doubt touching the skill and efficiency of this or that commissioned officer, and the volunteer who knows his duty will echo the doubt, and possibly give it emphatic embodiment in words. If a question be pal to the volunteer about the reward which he is to obtain after a series of years of service, the would-be volunteer will discover that thc reward in store for a long term of service ii of the most meagre description, and he ai once reckons up the sum on both sides, anc no wonder if he finds a balance of motive! in favor of keeping on the outside of th< ranks of the volunteer service as it is. Foi our own part, we confess to a strong sym pathy with those who feel the difficulties wi have mentioned. Indeed, we are disposed ti go farther, and to include non-com missionei officers in the list of those who are nov appointed under by far too loose and unsa tisi'actory a system. We hold that no mili tary system can possibly be respectably efficient which does not secure good officers This is so very obvious a truism that its asser tion would not be pardonable were it no that we have practically ignored i in too many instances in the managemen of oar volunteer affairs. A better plan c selection is due both to the officers and th ranks. A blind partiality, based on loci grounds and the vaguest reasons, may b< at present, as difficult to deal with on on side as the other. If Brown is nominate captain and Jones elected sergeant becaus they have plenty of money or are jolly fel lows, the acceptance of the complimei naturally becomes as easy as was the makin of the choice, and the refusal of the hone will be difficult, either from self-love or a amiable disinclination to seem careless of til good-will of those who have proffered tl distinction. But we need not repeat the ol argument that these local and vaguel grounded selections are no real test of mer from a purely military point of view. In ti case of an old corps there should be litt difficulty in making a selection of the m< best adapted to officer it, but in the organisi tion of a new corps it would surely be prudei to make all appointments, whether of coo missioned or non-commissioned officers, su1 ject to examination and proved capacity. ( if, instead of a volunteer corps, a militia 1 organised, the same principle of appointme would naturally become a part of the law military matters under such a new regin, A new bill for the regulation of volunte affairs has been laid before Parliament, and <t is extremely desirable that legislation upi this subject should not be delayed, we m¡ hope that no time will be lost in meeting t pressing requirement. The war in Nt Zealand, with the offers of substantial i wards to men volunteering, is suggestive some possibly desirable principles to include any volunteer or militia law that may introduced into the Victorian legislature. T? have had all sorts of schemes and no end failures in connection with our efforts to g people to settle upon the lands of the colon and it may be won h our while to attempt promote both a military spirit in our you men, and a probability of settlement on t lands by offering agrarian rewards to fis terms of service in the volunteer or mili corps. There is no doubt that one of t attractions to New Zealand, besides the lc of change and a desire to have a " brus with the Maories, is the chance of acquiri land. The same chance is ever the m potent with the old world emigrant, and we give this reward to the volunteer militiaman, we should be giving 1 a real stake in the country - actual " hearth and home " tn futuro drill for, to sham-fight for, and if ru be to fight in reality for. It might even prudent to make provision for the candid for such agrarian reward to enter upon land when only a portion, say one-half or tv thirds, of his term of service had expired title in fee bemg of course withheld pendi the fulfilment of his contract as a soldi We would even go further than this, i suggest that, under careful regulations, candidate of this sort might be allowed occupy his land by proxy. If once the pi ciple of agrarian rewards were conced there would be no insuperable difficulty the way of allowing a soldier who fulfil the requirements of the service to begin tarn his land to account even bel he came into full and absolute t session. There is many a young r who would esteem it a welcome duty become an efficient soldier in order that aged parent, or a badly off brother, or s< other relative might have a home on the t or in order that he might be getting a ht of his own for himself and those who maj dearer than even father or brother, whether this plan of rewards be adopted not it is clear that some better regulati must be made for the management of volunteers as of a militia, if one be called > It might be useful to convene a mee tin] delegates from all the corps, or for a c mittee of Parliament to take evidence f representatives of the several corps toucl the measures most needed for the impr< ment and permanent efficiency of citizen soldiers. There are many little r ters of detail which should by no mi be omitted from any bill for regulating local army, but which would not oi perhaps to any mere bill-drafter. As 1 will not allow of a meeting of représentât of corps, nor a viva voce examination be a committee of Parliament, it might be for each corps in the colony to draw u series of suggestions to aid Parliamei the discussion ef the Bill that has 1 brought in. This could be done with 1 trouble and no expense, and might be i serviceable in legislating upon this rt important business. However, what course may be adopted, we submit that u if not all, the propositions we have made have to be considered, and besides t many matters of detail essential to thorough efficiency of any military b How far Government has met the reqi 1 mente of the «ase io tbs new bill, we. expect J» learn this evening, when the second reading iß to be mored bj the Treasurer, who bas doubtless received the aid of competent persons ia framing' the measure. 