CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF IRELAND. (From the CatMip ., Telegraph, Nps. 15.) The following iinportaut circular ,1 has been issued by thp Very Rev. Reotbi1:-^- ^fct ' Reverend Dear Sir— In obedience to the command of the Bishops of Ireland^ contained in the following resolutions^ I beg respectfully to remind you, that Sunday, the 16th instant, is the day fixed by their Lordsnips for the! Catholic University Collection : — ''?W'6 unanimously! agree to! ;fix the third Sunday of November as the day on which the Catholic University Collection shall be annually held in every pariah of every diocese of Ireland. ' ' We also declare our willingness to permit the Rector, or other duly appointed authorities, to communicate with the clergy of our dioceses with the view to the proper organization of the Collection.' 14 Alldw' me, reverend dear Sir, to'begfyour valuable do Operation*, iand the aid of your generous peoplej for this National Tribute to Catholic Education. We do not ask nor accept large contributions;. very few pounds each from every parish in Ireland will form a liberal en dowment for the institution, and will iri a short time deliver our Catholic people from the.dknger : of State Education, and secure for us the bleasing of perfect; educational freedom. ' 'Since I had the: honour of addressing you last year, forty-two municipal bodies; represent ting most of:our eities 'and principal towns, have approved 'the movement in favour of the University. Many of our 'Protestant fellow countrymen have most efficiently advocated our cause; and on one day over 200,000 persons un mistakably 'declared in this metropolis, in the presence of distinguished prelates from various parts of the world, that Irish Catholics' will have for their children none other than, a thoroughly uatnouc system or eauoauon. - xne point at issue is no longer confined to the simple' ques tions : Is the Catholic University worthy of our support?' Does Ireland want it? Do the Catholics' of Ireland wish for it ? Is it of any* use to- the mass of the people who are asked to support it? The issue now raised i is : Are the Irish people; who conscientiously object to other systems of education, and wish to have a Ca tholic system to be refused the right of choosing for themselves? Shall we allow State Educa tion to1 be forced upon us, to the exclusion of Catholic Education ? In a word, are Irish Ca tholics to be practically denied full Freedom of 'Education? Those who profess any other edu cation, and no religion, are permitted to educate their children as' they please — their eflforts are encouraged; - Institutions are patronised in which conscientious Protestants, or ' even Atheists, may bring up their sons in the open profession of their 'own religion or irreligious principles; where the seeds of moral and re ligious convictions, or it may be of scepticism, implanted in childhood, can be developed to the parent's full satisfaction; but, when a Catholic asks for the like liberty, and when honourable men of their, persuasions, seeing the justice of the claim, join in the demand, the petition is refused ; he is told that he must be content with the opportunities afforded him in a Protestant or a Latitudinarian University. Thus, the Ca tholics of Ireland are refused every opportunity of getting an University Education in the Me tropolis, unless in the Protestant University ; and while we are told that Protestant parents cannot be expected to send their sons to the Ca tholic University, because it is directed ex clusively by Catholic; Ecclesiastics (which is not the case), Catholic parents are expected to send their sons to the Protestant University, of which almost all, the authorities are Protestant Clergymen. "I may be told that many excellent Catholic parents have sent their sons to Trinity College. Many of these good parents know not what they do. That University is, and must always re main essentially a; Protestant institution. Everything there proclaims the superiority of Protestantism, the inferiority of Catholicity. The learned Fellows, placed alike over Catholic and Protestant students, must all be Protestants, Catholic as well as Protestant graduates bare to kneel before the Protestant Chancellor of the University in order to receive their academical degrees, ' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, aud of the Holy Ghost.' The whole atmosphere of the place is Protes tant; and as it would, be impossible for a Protestant youth to frequent one of the excel* lent colleges for years and yet remain a staunch Protestant : as a young Protestant could not go day after day for four years to the admirable schools of tho Christian Brothers, and imbibe no tincture of Catholicity ; so also it is well nigh impossible for a Catholic to go through the Protestant University with faith as lively, as practical, as when he first passed into its chilly halls from the warmth of Catholic faith which is found in Irish families. Giving the authori ties of Trinity College credit for doing their utmost to exclude everything with which Catholics may find fault, it is almost impossible for them to succeed. Catholic parents are not, in general, aware, that besides Locke's work, many portions of which are very objectionable, a part of the metaphysics of the French philosopher Cousin,* is obligatory on every student ; and, if he attend lectures in College, of course is learned under the direction of a Protestant clergyman. 'Let not these remarks be considered dero gatory to Trinity College as a Protestant Uni versity. There is no reason why between it and. the Catholic University there should not exist an honorable rivalry in the wide field of litera tare and science. What we do object to is, that H should have the direction in any way of the education of Catholic youth. In the year 1793 some such power was given to it fcy the Irish Parliament, let us hear the' opinion of the great Edmund Burke on this proceeding, * One of the ablest writers on Education in France, the Bishop of Chartres, says; that if he were asked who is the greatest enemy of the Christian Religion, he would name Victor Cousin 'Writing to the Rev. DrT Huizey on the 17th March; 1795' he says : — -!.-?'? . .... - ??**-Bjr the Act of Parliament, which they passed a year or two ago, when they took off \- the penalties on your keeping schools, they (the ? Government) put any schools you might have in futare under the direction of the College of Dublin. Probably a more contumelious insult was never added to a cruel injury, from the beginning of the world to this hour. I believe I revere the College of Dublin as much as any maiij and am sure that a better inspection over schools belonging to our Church could not be provided ; but it is neither fit nor decent that they should have any meddling whatever with your places of education.' 'It 'may be said : they now have no meddling ' with our schools and colleges; but is it no meddling for them to have in their hands ex clusively ;the highest education^ for which schools and colleges are but preparatory ? Is it no meddling when every student of these Ca tholic places of education who may wish to aspire lo a complete course of academio training in the i capital, must beg this boon at their gate? 'But Trinity College is no longer the only Uni versity in Ireland. There is another, open alike to Catholics and Protestants. : Why will not Catholics avail themselves of the Queen's Uni versity? In reply to this question, I do not hesitate to say that in many respects the Protestant University, most objectionable as it is for Catholics, is much less so than the Queen's Colleges. In Trinity College thethie principle is laid down: that all education ought to be based on religion, although that principle has, as we Catholics believe, been erroneously applied ; in tfhe ? Queen's Colleges it has been gravely asserted that' religion is not the foundation of education. As a Protestant, then, is to be pre ferred: to a man of no religion, so' also is an University founded on Protestantism ! to' an University which has no religious basis. In the one, the Anglican Church enjoys her fitting place; as the ^supervisor, the controller of the studies of Anglicans; in the other every idea of an ecclesiastical body, of a Church, is studiously avoided : nay, more, the very name of the Church of Christ dare not be mentioned. It is thus our enemies seek to secularize all teaching, to divide, the laity from the clergy; to destroy all. ecclesiastical influence in education ; nayu more, to do away with all. dogmatic teaching,* and to produce in the mind of youth a sad jumble of conflicting opinions on the all impor tant subject of religion — a jumble which, perhaps, is not contrary to Protestant doctrine, but which is destructive of the foundation of Catholic belief. It is but a few days since the distinguished personage, in whose rift are at present all the, offices in the Queen's Colleges, is reported to have said in St. Patrick's Hall, Dublin Castle :— ' When we look a little back ward; and around us, and consider that it has pleased the Almighty to permit the various creeds and churches of Christendom to be sup ported and adorned by such men as Luther, Bossuet, Fenelon, Jeremy Taylor, John Wesley, Bishop Hall, Dr. Chalmers, and Dr. Channing. —men with the fire of Divine eloquence on their lips and the teaching of Divine piety in their hearts— surely there can be none of us who must not think how likely it is that in many points be may be wrong, how impossible it is that in all points he can be right.' Here is the creed of these Colleges : not Catholicism, not Anglican ism, not Calvinism ; but a mixture of them all : or rather a practical discrediting of all; for every religion is likely to be wrong in many points ! it-is impossible that any religion can be right in all points! Here is the teaching pro posed to Catholics, who, if they wish to be Catholics, must believe, that the Church is the pillar and the ground of truth (Tim., iii. 15); that in any, even the least point, regarding faith or morals, it is impossible for the Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church to deceive or be deceived, as it is for the great God, who has promised to be ; with her all days, even to the consummation of the world (Matt, xxviii. 20). What arrant fools were our martyred fathers to die for a faith that was likely to be wrong in many points ! How senseless the apostolic men of every age, to labour, and sweat, and bleed for a Gospel which could not possibly be right in all points ! How vain and useless even the teaching, and toils, and death of the Son of God Himself made man, who has not left on earth even one of His children, inheritor of the truth He brought from Heaven ; for, 'surely there can none of us who must not think how likely it is that in many points he may be wrong, how im possible it is that in all points he can be right.' Here is the abyss opened for our country in these Colleges— loss of faith, loss of religion, the spread of scepticism. Well may we apply to these institutions the dreadful words of Burke : 'For the country, if some proper mode of educa tion is not adopted. I tremble for the spread of Atheism among Catholics.'' . " But there is a third reason why the Catholics of Ireland should refuse to rest satisfied with the Queen's University. It is a Government Institution, The liberties of no people can be safe when the Government turns schoolmaster; above all people on the face of the earth the religious liberties of Irish Catholics cannot be safe, if the Protestant Government of England be allowed to control, to direct, to govern our education. Here is the principle now at issue. Here is the reason we on this day ask you, reverend dear Sir, and your people, to support the Catholic University of Ireland ; because we will have Freedom of Education : we will have free,, untainted Catholic teaching, untainted by any breath of Protestant interference, free from every appearance of State contol ; for let -us remember— -it ought never bo forgotten— -that in the Queen's University every official, from the Chancellor to.the clerk who kueps the books, in appointed by Government. The. Presidents, Professors, etc., are all nominatedby the Lord Lieutenant, and removable at his good will and pleasure. When a Professor of Latin or Greek, or of History or Metaphysics, is wanted, the applicants must submit their qualifications, hot tolthis or that learned body, nor to any judge of faith or morals, but to the English nobleman who happens at the time to represent the Prime Minister in Ireland, or, it may be, to the Eng lish commoner, just installed in Dublin, well skilled in the geography of Ireland^ and fully acquainted with her abundance; even when famine is. in the land: and by such a man as this is the teacher to be appointed to instruct the Catholic youth of Ireland! And when the students have completed a course of studies, which must have been approved by the Lord; Lieutenant, and are preparing for the aca demical grade which is to ciown their labours, it is to Dublin Castle they must direct their steps for the examination, and it1 is- there they receive the degree, -which is at once a badge of political servitude and a protest against the authority of the Church of five-sixths of the people of Ireland. Would the people of England consent to such a prostitution of learning? Would they consent to such degradation? Would they allow the State thus: directly to control education ? Most certainly they would not ; and one of the causes of. the spirit of liberty which breathes throughout England is, because the Universities have remained almost free from Government control, as free at least as they could remain when the Church is but the slave of the State! , * , ♦ * . * 11 It remains for us, reverend dear Sir, to profit by this teaching ; to take care not to sell the liberty of our religion and our country by :sub-. jecting education to a Protestant Government ; boldly to assert our right to every honour and legal distinction open to our fellow-conntrymeh of other religious persuasions ; in a word,' by placing ourselves on an educational. as well as legal equality with Protestants and all others, to carry but to its legitimate consequences the glorious triumph won for us by O'Connell when he gained Emancipation. This is to be done by maintaining the Catholic University, by giving it the Charter of a nation's approval. I have the honour to remain, Reverend dear Sir, your faithful servant in Christ, ' BAST. WoODLOCK.' 