LACEPEDE BAS'. [Correspondent.! Kingston, October 19. The Rev. Mr. Jackson, of G-lenelg, visited thia place last Wednesday, and in the evening preached to a fully-attended congregation. A principal object of this gentleman's visit being to promote education, he inspected the day-school conducted by Mrs. George, 'and sought for information as to the Drac ticability of establishing a school for the children of the aborigines in this district ; and being satisfied of the advantages of the locality for the purpose, it is understood that this praiseworthy attempt is likely to be carried into effect. There are a good many of the dark natives about here at present, and the Go« verninent having latterly paid more attention to their wants, furnishing them with the means of nuking fishing-nets, enables them to obtain supplies of a good article of sustenance. This, and other modes suitable to their habits of obtaining a living, causes them to be less burthensome to the inhabitants. The cutter Swallow left here for Port Adelaide last Wednesday with freight and two passengers. The drama founded on the story of ' Susan Hopley' was produced at the Victoria Theatre on Thursday evening. There was a limited attendance. The drama itself is very poor, and the whole of it points at two scenes — the one at the end of the first act, in which Susan, sees in a dream the murder of her master and brother ; the other at the end of the last act, in which the ghost of her brother appears to confound the murderers and clear Susan's character. Thesa two scenes were managed by the aid of the new ' ghost' apparatus. In the first the back of the stage opens — the house being in complete darkness — and shews the room in which the fatal deed is committed. The spectral murderers advance to a visionary bed in, which the master of the house is lying, their knives glitter in the light, and the murder is done ; the lad Andrew, Susan Hopley's brother — another illusion — attempts to save bis master, and he is murdered as well. The scene then instantly vanishes and Susan Jr awakes. Again in the end of the last act the ghost of Andrew appears to Susan's passionate call, and she rushes towards it and passes through the figure. These were the firBt exhibitions of the new ' ghost ' « apparatus in Adelaide, and though there were unde niable hitches hi the performance — inseparable, doubtless, from a first trial — there is no doubt of the valuable adjunct thus provided for the representation, of the supernatural element on the stage. Other plays will be produced during the nine nights over which Mr. Wollaston's engagement extends, wbiob, will better develops tha usefulness of this clerga invention. 