f irteHi^ttW. ; NEWHASL^This ^ciirel'-spntVas-'the'.fcejie of'a' •goodly -assemblsLge^ori -Thefeday evening Jast."- 'The Pffciibyterians undpr the airp'of rtf^HeMrtlr Sdbtt's T^t»rato(lield.their^nnual.s6vree'tlSere'. 5 ;-^ with tlieSr usual Jeadiness -iii helplng-'ifofeivd'' every pood work, plentcously provided for i th'(S 3 conii : ort of all cdrii'ers." -Addresses were given in the-course of the evening-by.tlie Rev Messrs Scott anil Henderson, g. 'and' Miessrs iGrib, Young, alnd Purvis.- At about half-past ten the weil-picased company -delmrted to" their Respective-homes among the rotuantic^Voodend 'ranges.- '.:,-,..,. . Distikguished VisiTons.—On Good Fridav Kyneton "was favored by a visit from tlie " Hon. "Charles Coii-per, and- his .colleague for New South Wales, .accompanied by the Hon. Mr Blytlie, fr«ni Soutliern n Australia; The lion, gentlemen, form part of the Tariff.Oomiuission at present sitting in Melliouriie. After attending divine service at St. Paul's Church, "'tliey strolled through the town, and left bv tlie even-" ing train for Sandhurst, Expressing themselves well satlsSed with their survey of Kyneton. . Ciucket—A meeting -was held -at tiie :Kyeton Hotel, on Thursday evening, for the purpose bfinak-' ing arrangements for the return cricket rn itch between Woodend eiev- n dnd the sameHuiriber Ky i:c o'-i -players.. .It was deci'.ed that the match sliouidUke place 111 Saturday the' I lth'insfant, on the Kyneton Uace Course—which is well adapted, for that purpose If the day is'finc there will ho doubt be some good sport, as the game is likely to be' well contested. The Kynetons were victorious Sn tlifeir first innings, on the occasion of their visit to Woodend, and will do their best to come oif successful this time also, especially on their own ground." Theatre Roval—Despite the fineness of.the' ."weather, beautiful, moonlight night, and attractive play-bill: but n «nial.I.jiiit]iencc .'asseiriblcd at the Theatre Eoyal .on Thursday evening hist, on which occasion Mr J. L._ Byers took liis benefit, and uiade his last appearapce. before a Kj'neton autlieiu'.e. The 'special attraction, of the evening was" tlie " Closet : Sdbhe"in'Shakespeare's trageiy of Hamlet, in which' Mr Byers took the part of Hamlet with considerable skill ; Horalus, King and . M^reelliis being well represented by Mr. l)e Vere.((iii liiriateur), Mr Middleton and Mr Constance, vho is also an amateur. Mr C. Williams as tlie.Ghost.was we'l received, and Miss Mi Middleton as.the Queen acted her pai t creditably, and received her share uf the applause. : The next' part of the entertainment wits the farce entitled F01 tunes Frolic,- or the. Plougjiiuan turned Jjord, wliicli was well represented by the whole of the company, after which an interval op ten rainwtesWiis apjiropriaicly jfiiled up by a Hisliland Teel, performed by the M iss Middletons. Tlie entcrt.'iiniuetit con- -cluded with tlie new conjeib'.flf J^rfy'Clip.the barb r, iil-which^r williamssustiuijed tlro leading charactc, •iWd^witli hif rconiic .luimbu'r addtil' tfiucb to the success of the piece. "The whole- itonf^liy".acquitted' themselvesiirell apd iroih b'egitfiiTtig to c.ii tiic pieces '^ereji^taAstaired.''- ••--,'-'.' ' • ••.-.. . 