TOPICS OF THE DAY. The following telegram was received in Adelaide on Wednesday morning by Messrs. Acraman, Main, Lindsay, & Co.:— "The Adelaide telegram of yester-<*> day states that your market is likely to decline in coneequence of the arrival of the Panama with produce at Sydney, and the repartee! departure of another vessel from California to Melbourne with 20,000 bushels wheat. There is no occasion for fearing a decline in price. The Panama comes here, and we will store her cargo rather than let the market suffer. The other vessel which his sailed brings wheat and oats, but as advised to us not nearly bo much of the former as you state." It will be eeen by oar telegraphic intelligence that at the indignation meeting held at Port Elliot on Wednesday, resolutions were passed stating the determination of the persons present to join the Riverine district if the Government do not extend the jetty to Granite Island. The public may not be generally aware of the stan dard by which Mr. Davis regulates his great clock and time balL The true time is obtained from Mr. Wald, of fort Adelaide, who gets it from a small transit instrument which Cipt. Douglas placed and adjusted on a pillar in his garden, in the year 1856. The instrument has, ever since that date, been used by M>. Wald for rating ships' chronometers. The error oi the instrument when placed was found to be five-tenths of a second, and it is now four-tenths of a second, showing au irregularity of only one-tenth of a second in seven years. This accuracy is really wonderful, and it is due not only to Mr. Davis, but to Mr. Wald and to Capt. Douglas, that the public should know the thoroughly reliable nature of the authority by which the descent of the time-ball is regulated. The Jikeiu?um of August 15 contains an adver tisement for a Head Master for a Grammar School io South Australia, to be united with an Incumbency. Income £400 a year; also an assistant master and curate required. They mnst be graduates in Holy Orders of Orford, Cambridge, or Dublin. The address given is W. &, 5, Copthall Court, London. OnWednesday afternoon, between 3 and 4 o'clock, a horse with dray bolted from near the Black Bull Inn, Hindley-street, turning the corner of King WUUam etwet, up the City-road into North Adelaide, where the horse was stopped. Fortunately no person was injared, although the streets were pretty crowded at the time. Mr. Robert Tod, the Secretary of the Alexandra Mining Company (Freehold Section 5650, near the Adelaide Mine) informs us that all the shares in this Company are taken up, abundant funds lodged in the Bank, and that measures have been adopted to develops the mine, and facilitate the approach to it as speedily as labor can be obtained. Mr. J. S. Stacy delivered a lecture on caligraphy on Tuesday evening, at the Port. The attendance was not so numerous as might hare been expected. The lecturer, after giving a resume of the history of writing and elucidation of the principles of letters, illustrated with diagrams, stated that thousands have owed their advancement in life comparatively to nothing else but good handwriting; also, that symmetry of character, combined with rapidity of movements in writing, had now become peremptorily requisite in a commercial community. A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. The anniversary of Archer-street Wesleyan Chapel, North Adelaide, was commemorated on Wednesday evening, October 20, on which occasion a well attended tea and public meeting was held. Mr. J. Colton, M.P. presided over the latter meeting, and introduced the proceedings appropriately and welL Addresses on suitable subjects were given by the Bevd?. T. Lloyd, E. C. Flockhart, C. Colwell, and J. Watsford. A collection being made, the meeting ended with the usual votes to the ladies, choir, and Chairman. A report of die meeting is in another column. The authorities id Sydney, apparently not finding the attempts of the police to capture bushrangers perfectly successful, have determined to try the system of rewards, end the earn of £2,500 is now offered for the apprehension of Gilbert and his daring gang. There seems to be some distress existing in Victoria among the wives and families of the volunteers who have gone to New Zealand. The G-eelong Advertiser states that" no less than three of the wives of the volunteers who recently left this for New Zealand have lately made application to the Police Bench for relief. These poor women seem to be in a sad plight, as they do not know whether they will ever reeeire a shilling from their husbands, or indeed ever see them again. The Bench seemed hardly to know how to deal with them, but gave them some tem porary relief* By an advertisement in another column it will be eeen that Professor Pepper's Ghost appears for the first time at the Victoria Theatre to-night, in the drama of "Susan Hopley," taken from the story of that name by Mrs. Crowe, the great patroness of ghost*. Miss Gougenheim'e farewell benefit took place at the Victoria Theatre on Wednesday evening. The house was crowded in every part. The performances con sisted of the sensation drama of " Aurora Floyd" and the extravaganza of " The Fair One- with the Golden Locks." Miss Gougenheim had thus an ample opportunity of exhibiting her versatile powers—in the drama appearing as the romantic heroine, full of passion and pathos, and in the extravaganai full of fun and merriment. "Aurora Floyd" was remark ably well put on the stage, and Miss Gougenheim's heroine was a fine piece of acting. She has evidently attained the high excellence of thoroughly identifying herself with her character. We have now seen the last of this very talented lady in Adelaide, for the present at any rate, and we do not remember to hive seen a more clever actress in the colony. The best character in which she has appeared is decidedly, to our taste, that of Peg Woffingtonin "Masks and Faces," and the next Nell Gwynne in "Court and Stage." Several of her other characters are not worthy of her powers, and there are some of a much higher class than Peg Woffington in which we regret she has not appeared, as we believe she would have been triumphantly successful. We take leave of Hiss Gougenheim with great regret; but we hope at some future time to welcome her back on another visit to the Adelaide stage. 