LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MAllY'S CHUHCU, WAVEULKY. j nv foundation stone of the new church, ti be erected for the memherfc of tlie Church of England resid nt? at Vuverle-y, «u laid on the 6th instant, bv his lixcd bncy tbe Governor. The structure will be in the j Karly Bnglitifc htyle; the nave will be seventy-two fei-t by thirty, and tlie chancel twenty f»-et square, '/he contract, which has been taken by Mr. W. Bailey, of Newtown, is for the in^onry and the roofing, leaving the spire and the int'rnat fi'tiu'H to be KubficqucniJv contracted for. Tlie architect for the cliurt-h ifc Mr. li. T. Jtiatket. JJife Jixcelltjjcy, wi;o vas accompanied by Lady Your.p, Miss Dalton, and I^ird John Taylour, arrived at alout three o'clock at the Waverlcy dcho-ilroom, where ih#y were met by the Ilec. 6tanley Mitcne!!, the incum*-fcfct -'f St. Mary'», the Dean of Sydney, the Jtcv. (3. H. Kicliardfifn, the Hev. W . {Stack, the itev. W. Spencer, the ehurehwardeup, trustees, architect, andoUicr fienMemen, by whom his Kxcdlency waB conducud to the site of the nev church ; followed by the nt liool childri n, wearing blue ro^ettc^ and carrying a gay barncr, &nd; a Urge number of visitors — forming tm im]K«iLg prccosbion. 'Up .n brnvtng on the ground (where Bean had been I provided for the visitors) tlie proceedings w^re coai- ? minced hy the Iter. S Mitchc)), who read the 132nd j l'6&lm;» bltfttiaiely with the audience. The Hev. \ST. Sp^ncsr then reid the lesHon from 1 Cor., chrip iii. ; fetter which tiie 3iev. O. H, Kichards m r-ad t?ie Cullf-ct— ?? Prevent uts, O Lord !' and two other CollcctP, The Hev. S. Mjtchkll then delivered an impressive a-idr- m. JJotli the trowel and mallet were tbe gifts of Mr, LaFH'-ur, of ticargp-str et. The blade of the trowel i» of coloni d iron, fr in the Fitz-oy Min^s ; the handle is of ftjyaJl-WQi d ; the ftrruleof Austi.iliau gol J ; aid the end of thf» hirrile is of colonial nilver, extracted from Australian gold at the Sydney Mint. The m illet is of myall wood wi-h a piste for inscripcio'i of Aus tralian siivtr; both the trowel and millet bearing the foilr-ving inprTiption : — *'Pr68ented to the Itigit If-.np rabie birJ« hn Young. Hart., on laying the foun da*i-,n turn*- of St. Mary'd Church, Waverley, 5th June, 186:C Ti.e box in which the mailet und trowtl ate enclosed was menur'acturcl by Mr. \V. P«nman,of Pitt-ptrfer, nf ihe fol-owing eigne kiuda of wood: — Colonial £atm wood, yaeca yic^a, h'mey. eueklo, lignum vitu:, myall, cedar, b?an tree, and tuli]j-wood. The Dean or Svnsnv th^n rc^d the inscription on ; the 6ci oil. vlnch. togeilier wi»h a codv of e*ch of the do'lv papcrf, was therrupo'i placed in the bottle tbat wa«. depoB'tod und^r the foundation-aione. The in. f-crip*iou wss follows : — ' Thr founrtatii/n ttotic of thi* Church to he callcd fit. Mary's, Wave! ley, in vlicl) the pure word of God is lo bo preichsd and the tiHcrimientbdul}' adoihvii-:U.,rc(l uccordlng to ChriBi'B ordinance ar-d Uit- iif-dpr- qi ilic United Clturch of Jtaglarid and Ireland wab laid bj* Hi h l^crHrncy ihc Jlipht Honorable Sir John Young, JiaroiK t, Knight, (^ominandrr of tbe Most Honorable Order of Uie Huih, KniKhtOrotid CroeRoflhe Moat Dmiiiiguisbcd Order of St. Michatl and Si. 'ii-orgc, Captain General bad Gorerour.in Chicf of tho Colony of Now *-ouih Wal-'P, and Vioe-Admiral of the EBtuc; tiF-pibtod by'tLc Very ll-vrrcrid William Macquarie Cowpor, M.A., Dean of 8rrin«-r, and nuti.r clvrgrmcn, oa Friday, the tlfch -d&y; of June, A.U, IBCIt, hjx! )-, }j/t iwenlr-fijsth ycir of tbe rrign of Jld Mot- 1 Gracious M«iji-iy Queen Victoria. The Kight lti'vtTtiid Frederick HarUei, D ll, l'»l*hop of tbe Diocf&o; of Kj-diirj. 1 |,c Kevvn-n^ S'.aiiU-y Miichcll, Clergyman of the I'jiriHb of Wnvtrii-y. 1'ru- iopv of Un- -y'uu»ct» 'i'hc Kuvcrend SUinley Miichtil, lt'.bei-t \vi)li:nii Newman, l'dwurd ltayncs, George Iloojicr, uTi«t Witli.-ini lturk--r. Architect, Edmund Tliyajia Uluckct, Builder, Williwn Jii-j)ry.' Dis ExciLi.r.NtT theieupon laid the foundation fitonc (which w«k tor the north east buHresa of the chance.') end pronounced the following word* — ' I lay i this f-tor.e os the foundation and corner Btone of a church, to be built in this place, to be callcd St. Mtry'fe Chuich, and t i be eet ep.\rt for the preaching | of the pure «ord of God, and the due administration i of the Sacraments, according to Clirist's ordinance and the utnge of the United Church, of England and { Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.— Amen.' « The assemblage was then addressed by his Excel lyENCv in eloquent and appropriate terms ; the Dkvn or SrjiNKY also addressed th« meeting-, and after the National Anthem and benediction the proceedings terminated. ? 