THE THEATRES. I THEATRE ROYAL. ! The houso was orammod from floor |0 ceilln 1 on Saturday night, to see tho ghost. 'ns> ! made their nppoaranco with tho moat I promptitude, and wont through their Bnr ! porforuiancos consistently witli what 1 pootea oi ilicm, and conformably with « . station. Thus tho classic gliosis were di' ti? guished by a poetical pantomime, express ®"r thoir origin and connexions ; and tho elXi t pugilistic doportod themselves after tho m„ " 11 ? of those flstio celebrities of whose oornoS I substance they wore tho shadowy renrcinn? 8 thes. The vohiclo for introducing tho spectre" " 1 is n fragmentary piece do mrconstaueo, in shirh I a gontleman in tho corturao of Capt. Machcath i who baa been to tho Mayor's fanoy ball and ' I who is excessively sleepy and wants to L i„ S bod, is j)ut by tho waitor of on hotol into I room whioh has tbo roputation of being liauntcd 8 A due amount of poetical license it, of course' 9 to bo taken into account in explaining how 8 haunted room could bo found in go hard and 8 prnotical a oity as this of Molbourno. But" I there is really no reason why haunted rooms 1 should not number among our institutions so " 8 that the author of the littio skotoh is rsther to I bo oomplimonUd than remonstrated with on I having aseumod that our civilisa'ion is com- I plete enough for this purposo. Psychologically I tho ghosts whioh vltit tho roystoror aro to bs I regarded as sleeping rocolicotions of tho char! I aotars among whioh ho has so lately mingled : I and, with the fantastic confusion which nr(! 1 vails during droams, thoy somehow mix them- I sclveajip.with otlior rcoolleou'ons not associated" I with tho fancy ball. Liko Don Quixote, when I ho got up during tho night nnd full foul of the I wino-skins, which ho took for thu giants about I whioh ho was dreaming, so tho rcvellor in this I instanco gets up, and, under the combined- I inflnonco of cliampagno, boor, brandy, and I oyster patties, ho falls to exorcising tlie dis- I turbors of his rest by outting at tho olsssic I ghosts with his sword, and pounding the ghosts I pugilistio aftor their own manner of fighting, ' I In tho latter oporation he ia assisted by tbo I waiter, upon whose imagination foar may be I supposed to havo had tho samo influence ss I drink and dancing have had upon that of his I guest. Tbo contrivances for tho production of I tho spectral effoota wero vary complete, and st | all tho action of tho piece took place behind | tho glass, thoro was no disturbance nf ()l0 ;j|„. I sion by tho reflection of objects othor than thou I necessary to oomplote tho eflVot, A pscu- I iiarity in the ghost business was intra- | ducod by presenting them first witboit | tho aid of tho refleoting medium, sod | when, after a littio praetico tho bodiless ghosts I and tho ghoitB embodied are represented in a I pceoisely similar tone, tlie blending of identity I whioh this will oeoasion will -heighten very I mucli the general result. Tho impatience I of a portion of tho audienoe, however A was amusingly exhibitod nt tlie point >1 whoro tho tangible ghos's had just dig- I appearod, and the Popperian ghosts bad cot | oiiio on. Tho inhabitants of the upper | regions began to bo under tho impression that | (hey had not got tho worth of their money; I that, iu faot, the ghostB thoy had seen were I not patent ghosts, aad therefore not of the full I value of the sixpences thoy had paid to see I them. Their impatience, however, wns like I that of some children who cry out boforo they I are hurt, and they were subsequently as load I in thoir applause as they hod beon previously ' I precipitate in indicating their disappointment. I ".Twelfth Night" preceded " Fifteen Miuulei I with tho Spectres, and " Tho Taming of a I Shrew" oamo last. With eo full a house, itmsy I readily bo imagined that evory point wss I caught up with the utmost realimsi by the I audience, aud that tho extrcmo lightness of I tho lattor piece evoked the most uprosriom I mirth. I nviau A AslGvuOu o» | Tho performances were varied on Saturday I nigh, by the presentation of a burlesque by I that most prolifio inventor of extravagant I absurdities, Mr H. J. Byron. It wss first | given to tbo world, last April, at tho Frin. ' I oosb'b, London, and its materials are gathered I from tbo several sources of tho ballad of "Lard . | Bateman," the legend of " Lurline," and tbo I poem of " Don Juan," so that it contsuir, ss I may be supposed, plenty of incident and in I abundance of striking situations. Moreover I it is full of point, puns, and parodist, end I corns of the examples of word -torturing in it I are of oxcruoiating intensity. Its materials I being oulled, as wo have said, from vsrioai I sources, it is to be regarded, as its author I doprccstiugly describee it, as " a piece of I patchwork, " whioh oritios are entreated not to I " quilt." Thoro are in it pirates in practise , I and pirates in retirement; moroluntr, moc- I stora, sea-nymphs, and vagabonds, not to speak I of tbe smartest and most dapper of " tigers," I in tbe percon of Misa Boso Elouin, wbois I vivacity and liveliness aro inoxhsustiblr, I and who can sing, dance, and declaim ' I with sn ever prosent dash and gracefulness all : I her own. Mies Julia Mathews is habited m I ono of those dainty and picturesque coslumrs 1 1 that eo well becomo her, and which, whether I they reprcsont a prinoo, o minstrel, s fury I king, or — as in this instance — an Fngliih < I nobleman hight Lord Bateman, aro slwayb ' I associated with molcdious utterances any I Ethiopian " break-downs." Miss M»S . I Dunn is a princess with not leBs than her cm- I tomnry attraotivencss, and Mr Fawcett ii s 1 I Salce rover, grim and terrible, who carries oil I the princess, hut who, of course, is ultimately I brought to confusion and punishment, A ! I young lady named Miss Harriot Hilsdea tool I the part of a sea nymph, and tho bills I stated this to be her first appearand. - 1 She is young, gracoful, and handsomr, I and her voice is the reverse unmu irsl, I If she is a debutante, she exhibitod more than I the ordinary amount of self-possession usually I displayed under liko circumstanoes. She su I very well rooeivod, and she deserved the com- I plimetit that was paid her. She is no doubt s 1 1 dosirable addition to this company, which e I nlready so abundant in the clemont of which I she is a representative. The piece throughout I was givon with muoh spirit, and it seems likely I to have moro than common buccoss. I 