THEATRE ROYAL. The bill of fare announced at the Theatre Royal this evening will, in all likelihood, draw a good house; as, in addition to the, comedy of the '?Twelfth Night,' which has already been per formed successfully during the weekj Professor ? Pepper's ghost effect will be produced, or ' Fifteen Minutes with the Spirits.' The eatertainment will conclude with the Shakspearian comedy of ' Taming the Shrew,' in which Mr Barry Sullivan will appear as Petrucldo. The long session of Parliament — probably the longest that has ever been known in this colony — jg t0 bo brought to a close, at least, so the Government intend,' in the course of a week or ten days. With the view of enabling this consummation to be effected, a resolution was agreed to in the Assembly last evening that the House should, for the re mainder of the session, sii on Mondays. A new musical composition, the production of Mr G. O. Rutter, and technically styled a ' Mass,' ia ' vto be performed for the first time to- morrow, at the morning service in St. Francis's Catholic Cathedral. A similar- work, so far as we can learn, has not before been attempted in the colony. A deputation, consisting of Dr. Macadam, M.L.A., Mr G. Smyth, M.L.A., Mr Ramsay, M.L.A., and members of the municipal council of Castlemaine, had an interview yesterday with the hon. the Commissioner of Roads and Railways, for the purpose of presenting and supporting memorials from the ratepayers of Castlemaine, and the inhabitants of the district, praying that the foundry, erected by Messrs Oornish and Bruce, should be purchased by the Government, and carried on as a Government establishment, because of the great advantages that would result from a foundry in so central a position. Mr Grant stated that the Engineer-in-Chief had on a former occasion reported unfavorably with respect to a similar proposition. That gentleman considered it would no be advisable to have such an establishment so far in land, especially as there were extensive workshops, conveniently situated, on the seaboard. Under these circumstances, he said he could not hold out to the deputation any hope of their application being granted. A special meeting of the Sandridge Municipal Council, called for the purpose of considering the question of financial retrenchment, was held last night, Dr. Plummer in the chair. Cr. May, in intro ducing the subject of financial retrenchment, said that it must be evident to any one who had looked at the financial condition of the municipulity that it was high time to set, about curtailing the expendi ture. . There were two ways of accomplishing this, namely^ — either by a reduction in the salaries of the ' present staff of officers, or by amalgamating as much as possible their duties. He was in favor of tho latter alternative, and would, therefore, make the ? following suggestions for the approval of the council. 1\. That the offioes of town clerk and rate-collector be combined, and the duties be performed by the present town clerk, at a salary of £200 per annum. 2\. That the duties of surveyor and inspector of nui sances be performed by one person, at a salary of £120 per annum. The suggestions, were considered seriatim, and, after a long and animated debate, agreed to as follows: — The present town clerk to perform, his ordinary work and that of rate-collector, at a salary of £200 per annum ; such arrangement to take effect on the striking of the new rate-roll. That ; the offices of surveyor and inspector of nuisances be combined, at a salary of £156 per annum, and that ?the time occupied in the performance of such duties be nine hours every lawful day, exclusive of attend ance at council meetings ; and that the clerk be in structed to call for tenders for applications. It is anticipated that the new regulations will lead to a saving of something like £160 per annum. ? A mee'ting of the shareholders of the Bendigo Waterworks Company was held yesterday afternoon, at 64 Elizabeth street. A l'eport was submitted by the directors, stating that a valuation of the tene ments along the line of their supply, to which ser vice pipes could be adapted, had proved them to hoof ?the annual value of upwards of £29,700, an assessment on which amount would afford a considerable addi 'tion to the company's revenue, and at tho same time admit of a reduction being made in the price of water. The directors did not propose now to en deavor to obtain a bill authorising them to impose a district water rate; but intended to do so at a future time. It was intended as soon as practicable to commence the excavation of Reservoir No. 8, intended to act as an auxiliary to No. 7, now overflowing. ? The excavation of the reservoir in Golden square was proceeding on a tribute system* of excavation for auriferous pur poses, which, employing nineteen men and ten horses, in place of costing the company anything, re turned them a slight profit. The report was adopted, and also the financial statement, showing an income of £1348 18s Gdfor the half-year; a current ex penditure of £829 9s lOd ; and a balanco of profit, £522 15s 2d ; which, however, did not accrue to tho company, since it, and something additional, was absorbed in the paymont of interest on the bank loan. The report was unanimously adopted. Messrs Daires and Turner woro re-electeil diroctors for the ensuing year. The remuneration of the auditors, for each half-yearly examination, of tho accounts, was reduced from £5 5s to £3 3s each. Mr John Monroo was ro-electod auditor. The chair man stated that negotiations wore pending for tho renowal of the company's loan from tho National Bank ; and requested the uo-opemtion of the shuro holders in reducing tho liabilities of tho company. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors, .'?.''??'?'?? '??'' ?????'. ,':? ' ?'. -.- '?; '??-,' 