NEWS AND NOTES. The following prisoners were disposed of at the General Sessions, yesterday:- William Robinson and Linsay Giles, destroying trees at Mount Bolton; Robinson, three days' imprisonment; Giles, four months' imprisonment with hard labor. Thomas Hogan, uttering a "Bank of Elegance" note, ac- quitted. Henry Jackson and Daniel Reedy, obtain- ing goods under false pretences; Jackson, nine months' imprisonment; Reedy, acquitted. Samuel Speed, stealing a heifer, acquitted. John Bry- son, manslaughter at the Junction Hotel, Smythes- dale road; fourteen days' imprisonment. Charles Kemp, alias Thomas B. Naughton, larceny from the person; acquitted. David Macrorie, forgery and uttering; acquitted. A rush has set in between the Half-way House and Buninyong, to some new ground opened behind the toll-gate, and not far from the old One-Eye Lead. The prospectors bottomed at 50 feet, and obtained 2 dwt of gold from a tub of washdirt. On Wednesday, some 50 persons were on the ground shepherding, and several claims have been taken up in the locality. On Thursday Mr Harvey, the mining' registrar of Buninyong, registered half-a- dozen claims, and quite a crowd of persons was on the ground during the day. The proceedings at the District Police Court on Thursday did not last more than three quarters of an hour, and possessed no feature of interest. Mr Clissold, P.M, was the presiding magistrate. The sole survivor of the sparrows brought from Leipsic by Mr Emil R. Weber, of Ballarat, was found dead in her cage a few mornings ago. The poor little bird, which had pined to death, is now in the hands of Mr John St. John, taxidermist, and will be preserved by Mr Weber as a memento of his well-intended venture. The Scottish and Cornish Company's ground is turning out very well, and a small nugget has re- cently been obtained. We are informed that the washdirt looks extremely well, and that signs of a junction of leads have been observed. The Chairman of General Sessions took occasion yesterday to remark, upon the plea of a prisoner that want had driven him to crime, that laboring men here were in the habit of refusing to work un- less they could get their own rate of wages. Seven shillings a day was a common rate, and yet that was refused. As bearing on the subject of labor we may point to our list of schedules filed in the Insolvent Court yesterday. A firm of Creswick contractors there includes in its list of causes of insolvency the "scarcity of labor at current rates." What this may mean we cannot say, but whichever way it is taken it is a question of some importance. The dinner to be given to Mr Fisken, J.P., by the people of Buninyong, is announced to take place on next Thursday week. At the meeting of the Buninyong Road Board, on Thursday, Mr A. Fisken was unanimously elected chairman for the ensuing year. A special meeting of the members of the Bunin- yong Town Council was held on Wednesday even- ing, at the Crown Hotel. Mr Hedrick was proposed, seconded, and elected chairman of the Council for the ensuing year. Mr Akehurst's protest, handed in at the last meeting of the Council, was not received, it being alleged that it did not contain the truth. Mr Akehurst gave notice of another protest for the next meeting. A meeting of the Creswick District Hospital Com- mittee was held on Wednesday evening, at Anthony's Hotel. Present- The Rev Mr Pollard (in the chair), Messrs Fitzgerald, Cooper, Lees, Leake, and Lewers. The resignation of Mr Dowling as president was read and accepted. The Secretary exhibited vouch- ers from the Treasury altering the moiety of the grant-in-aid from £300 to £196. He was instructed to write and ascertain the cause of the alteration. A conversation then ensued as to the advisability of having the boundaries of the Hospital reserve altered, but further action in the matter was post- poned till next meeting. Mr W. B. Lees, the Creswick District Deputy Registrar, has supplied the following vital statistics for the month of August:- Births- Males, 7; fe- males, 12; one female illegitimate, and one male stillborn. Deaths- Males, 6; of which two were adults and the rest under six years of age. At a meeting held on Tuesday evening, at the Moorakyle Hotel, Smeaton, Mr McFadyen in the chair, it was resolved that a memorial should be for- warded to the Government praying it to withdraw the land advertised for sale on the 24th instant, such land being within the formers' common. Messrs J. M. O'Connor, and G. M. Woodhouse were deputed to present the memorial. A fatal mining accident occurred on Wednesday afternoon at Browns. From the evidence taken at the inquest, it appeared that the deceased, George Prentice, was working in the drive at the claim known as Merry Foresters, when the props acci- dentally gave way, bringing with them a quantity of earth, which completely buried the unfortunate man. Every effort was made to extricate the de- ceased, and it was not until twelve o'clock at night that this was effected. The deceased was a native of Scotland, and leaves a wife and four children. He had been nine years in the colony. The six men who were working with the deceased at the time had a narrow escape of their lives. On Thursday, at the White Hart Hotel, Ballarat, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of John Timmer, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place at the Ballarat District Hospital on the 1st inst, and was caused by pyœmia or irritable fever brought on by inflamma- tion and suppuration of a deep wound in the left foot of deceased caused by a blow accidentally in- flicted by himself with an axe while chopping fire- wood at the Rocky Lead Hotel, Bullarook, on the 19th ult. The deceased was the proprietor of the hotel, a native of Nassau, the son of Jacob Timmer, and twenty-nine years of age. He was engaged in chopping the firewood near a post and rail fence, when the axe accidentally hit the fence, and glanced on to his left foot, nearly cutting it through behind the toes. He was conveyed to the hospital next day, but gradually sank and died on the 1st inst. Mr W. P. Whitcombe, resident surgeon, tendered the medical evidence. Jurors at the General Sessions this time seem to have a passion for sitting out cases. One jury was in the box yesterday from the opening of the court till 3 p.m., and a jury on the previous day sat more than half the day, although both had offers of re- lease by the judge. At the Clunes Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs Thompson, Mark, and Sutherland, justices of the peace, the following civil causes were heard, and dealt with as indicated:- James Rawlings v Robert Ewan, £4 2s, work and labor; order for amount and 25s costs. Sarah Tempest v Alexander Tempest; threatening to take her life on the 19th August. The defendant stated that his wife was continually borrowing money from people without his knowledge, for drink, and that her conduct alto- gether was not such as to make their home comfort- able. The Chairman severely censured the plaintiff for the manner in which she had acted, and admo- nished her for the future to do her duty to her hus- band and family. Dismissed. Sarah Tempest v Alexander Tempest, deserting the complainant, and leaving her without any means of support. Postponed for a week to admit of the affair being amicably settled. J. Weickhardt v Sarah Tempest, for assault. It appeared that the defendant thought the complainant had advised her husband to leave her and had therefore abused him and thrown a loaf of bread at him, which cut his face; fined 10s and 5s costs. As the husband refused to pay the fine the defendant was locked up for 24 hours. J. Winnett v W. Stephens, £2 10s goods; order for £2 and 15s costs. John Hollow v Mrs Bennett and Mrs Letcher, il- legally detaining £5; co appearance; struck out. Jones and Son v S. Connell, £1 1s goods; postponed for a week as the defendant was absent in Melbourne. Frederick Seagar v John Wolf, £6 18s 11d goods; order for the amount and 12s 6d costs. Ralph Longstaff v D. Cameron, and Same v McInnes, were both struck out. The crops in the Smeaton district are improving, but the roads are fearfully bad. Pleuro-pneumonia is still raging, Mr John Bunyan having lost twenty- three head of cattle lately; many more are suffering severely from the disease. A gymnasium is about to be established at Clunes. A committee has been formed for making the requisite arrangements. We were yesterday shown by Messrs Nicholls and Co., seedsmen, of Bridge street, a fine speicmen long red mangold wurtzel. Its dimensions were as follows:- Length, 4 feet long; circumference, 2 feet 4 inches ; weight, 40 lbs. It was grown at Warrenheip by Mr Gates. The usual monthly meeting of the Ballarat Pigeon Shooting Club was held on Wednesday evening The Secretary reported that he had had one hun- dred copies of the Annual Report printed for circu- lation among the members. A challenge was re- ceived from a member of the Club to shoot with Mr Coxon for the challenge cup. The Secretary was requested to advise Mr Coxon of the circumstance, and to call a special meeting to fix the time and place of shooting. Our Smythesdale correspondent states that one of the Chinese recently arrived at that place from Guichen Bay, has died from exhaustion, through exposure and fatigue consequent on so long a journey. Dr Crossen was sent for on Thursday morning to attend the man, but on his arrival at China Town, life was extinct. An inquest will be held this day. There was no meeting on Thursday of the Browns and Scarsdale Municipal Council, in consequence of the complimentary dinner that was to be given the same evening to Mr John Lynch, the late chairman of the Council. The Municipal Council of Buninyong has recently effected some considerable improvements in the township; the most noticeable of which is the kerb- ing and channelling of Warrenheip and Learmonth streets. The good resulting from this improvement, however, is greatly diminished by the obstructions which the Council allows to remain on tbe footpath in the shape of verandah posts. The verandahs of the various shops and houses extend only hall-way over the footpaths, the posts being fixed in the centre of the path, and the natural inference is that on a dark night, seeing that Buninyong as yet is not lighted with gas, persons are very likely to break their heads against the aforesaid posts. The rain water, too, drops on to the centre of the footpaths from the verandahs, thus rendering bad decidedly worse. An adjourned meeting of the working men who were employed by the Edinburgh Company, Linton, and are at present out of employment owing to an attempted reduction of wages, was held in the Black Swan Hotel on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock, to hear a report from the delegates sent to the diffe- rent parts of the district to solicit sympathy and subscriptions. It appeared from the reports of the delegates that they had received a great deal of encouragement. Subscription lists had been left at nearly all the claims, and managers and other re- sponsible persons promised to do everything in their power to avert the reduction of wages. A good deal of discussion took place as to the propriety of work- ing by contract or tribute, from which it appeared that the company was averse to any arrangement of the kind, and it was then resolved unanimously that the men refrain from work until the current rate of wages in the district, viz., £2 10s per week, be paid by the Edinburgh Company. It was also carried unanimously, that the names of all the working men who go to work before this dispute is settled, be advertised throughout the district. Our Yandoit mining correspondent has the follow- ing respecting the richness of quartz lodes at different depths. In speaking of Dunstan and Co.'s and Morrison and Co's Claims, on Christmas Reef, he says- "The quartz raised in the two companies' claims is from a depth of about seventy feet. It is worthy of note that the surface stone contains nothing of a paying nature, while at a depth of 100 feet, or just below the water level, the quartz will yield 6 oz per ton. The Howson family, whose members have been so long and so favorably known in Ballarat as agreeable performers in opera, will take a benefit this evening, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute. Consider- able pains have been taken to make the benefit a substantial one, and, coupling the merits of the per- formers and the attractions of the programme, we doubt not that a good audience will assemble. The Wheal of Fortune Company, Durham Lead, held a meeting at tbe Mechanics' Institute last even- ing, Mr B. Bryant in the chair. It was stated that 180 shares of the 200 were taken up, and it was agreed that the remainder should be offered at £1 premium, and that the company should be registered under Pyke's Act. Arrangements have been made with Mr Thomas to mine under his freehold and to occupy eight acres of surface with roadways, the lease being for 21 years. On Thursday the morning opened with unusual brightness, but an excessively cold wind, which is well described in the Scottish dialect as "snell,'' boded an unfavorable change in the weather. A little after noon a smart snow and hail storm fell, and at intervals during the succeeding hours there were similar unwelcome visitations. At night the streets had become as sloppy as they had been on the previous day. Mr Young. J.P., attended at the Eastern lock-up on Thursday, and fined John Bowles alias "Fly by night" 40s or three days' imprisonment, for using abusive and threatening language to a man named John Cray. A lad named Bidston, charged with vagrancy, was remanded. The Great Extended Company obtained a hand- some nugget yesterday weighing 69 oz. This is symptomatic of a return to the good deposits which used to make such splendid dividends for this for- tunate company. "The Dream Spectre," at the Theatre Royal last night was successful in a double sense. The ghost was a very ghost, and the house was well filled. As we intimated yesterday, the new inven- tion is the nearest approach yet attained to the realisation of our conceptions of the spectral. The shadowy form dawns gradually upon the vision, and floats noiselessly in air, gliding, like an unsub- stantial shadow, as it is, away again. Whence or how it comes, or whither it goes, is only to be guessed at, and this is, we suppose, true to ghost history and habits all the world over. The spectre comes when the house is darkened, and the hushed attention of the audience and the following applause betoken the success of the weird power which thus evokes the spirit from the "vasty deep" of the dim unknown, and again withdraws it from vision. Of the drama, which is the body of which the spectre is the soul, there is not much to be said. It is violently "sensational" and as replete with melodramatic improbabilities as with thrilling illusory scenes. Mr Lawrence is a murderer, causing his uncle's death to secure his wealth. Mr Byers is a sailor, of the "shiver my timbers" school, and the unknown relative and coheir of the murderer, and becomes suspected of the murder. This causes his sweetheart, Ruth (Miss C. George), to reject him, but in the end the sailor is cleared of suspicion, the guilty is found out, and justice is done all round in the most approved melo- dramatic fashion. Mr Barry, as a grocer of Bromp- ton (about which place the scenes are laid) and a competitor with the sailor for Ruth's hand, is a grocer of a decidedly comic description, to whom gag and humor are as natural as possible. Mr Leslie is a kind of "Bill Sykes," who aids in some of the foul business contemplated or enacted by the mur- derer of the piece, and he acts with his usual success. An oracular gipsey woman plays a prominent part in leading up to the ghost scenes, and the lady who does this business does it very well. Miss George as Ruth plays cleverly, and Miss Shepparde as the comic grocer's passing "flame" is aa lively as an impres- sionable and pretty girl should be with a duality of admirers. The drama is to be repeated. We should add that the afterpiece, "Founded on Facts," brings out Mr Hoskins in a character which suits him well, and we need not say that the part is therefore well done. Attention has recently been drawn by the valuable treatise published by Signor Martelli, and by articles in these columns, to the importance of introducing silk husbandry to this colony, and, in time, making the cocoons a valuable export. The acclimatisation societies of Melbourne and Ballarat have already taken measures for the sowing of large quantities of the seed of the white mulberry, and for the intro- duction of sound and healthy eggs of the Bombyz mori from Italy, whence alone they can now be had with these qualifications in the fullest sense. The object of these societies is to spread over the entire colony the means of prosecuting this important in- dustry with the best possible materials and with the least loss of time. As Signor Martelli observes, the smallest capitalist will never find himself shut out from competition in this source of wealth and pros- perity. One ounce of eggs will be a safe commence- ment of comparative competence to those who can afford no more. A favorable season in Italy is always found to produce more than four times the amount of capital invested; the time occupied by the actual labor of tending the silkworms being very limited, and occurring exactly at that period of the year when agricultural labor is mostly at a stand-still. Thus the ordinary pursuits of the Victorian farmer, so far from requiring to be neg- lected for the sake of the new industry, would in all probability benefit by its introduction; for the labor- era who under present circumstances are prevented by the scarcity of work at certain seasons from effecting a permanent engagement with their em- ployers, would be provided with an easy and pro- fitable occupation for their period of leisure-pro- fitable even to the laborer himself ; for there is no reason why the custom which prevails in Europe, of distributing a number of silkworms amongst the families of the laborers, and leaving them half the produce as a remuneration, should not be at once initiated. Such are Signor Martelli's notions on the subject, which might be adopted with very little modification. We see that recently through the instrumentality of Mr T. S. Mort, of Sydney, a plan- tation of some thousands of the Morus multicaulis has been formed on the grounds of the Destitute Children's Asylum at Randwick, where it is intended to form an establishment to promote and encourage the cultivation of silk. It is intended to train the children belonging to the asylum in the knowledge of the management of the silk-worm, and so make them more generally useful when they leave the establishment. One naturally thinks how well such a scheme would suit the conditions and exigencies of our own Benevolent Asylum. The objects for its care are annually increasing in number in inverse ratio to the pecuniary power of the charitably dis- posed to support, notwithstanding contributions hitherto have been on a most liberal scale. Our Benevolent Asylum is not only a place of retreat for enfeebled age, the decrepid, and the permanently injured though not thoroughly disabled; but the home and school of large numbers of orphan and deserted children of both sexes-the whole of which several classes, young and old, might be pleasantly and profitably engaged, both for themselves and for the interests of the asylum, in conducting the simple processes of sericulture, for the indoor departments of which some of the large rooms of the build- ing itself are admirably adapted. A large portion of the asylum reserve might be devoted to tbe purposes of a mulberry plantation, and yet enough be left to conduct the growth of culinary vegetables to meet the requirements of the inmates. If found necessary to extend the planta- tion (which in all probability it would), the Ballarat District Hospital reserve might be similarly occu- pied. The temporary character of the residence of the inmates of the Hospital at once points out the improbability that sericulture could be practised by them with much chance of permanent success, or any material increase to the funds of the institution, though these might be sensibly augmented by the sale of the leaves of the mulberry to the sister insti- tution. Silk husbandry cannot be successfully con- ducted without a plentiful supply of fresh leaves for the evolution of the serie matter of the plant by the spinning apparatus of the worm, and the observa- tions of Signor Martelli show that plantations of the mulberry for the supply of keepers of the silkworm may prove highly profitable quite apart from the latter branch of the sericultural industry. The Argus of Thursday says:- "Last night the Land Act Amendment Bill was read a third time in the Legislative Assembly. The motion was sub- mitted by Mr Heales, and opposed by Mr Wood, and on a division was carried by twenty-eight to eleven. The motion was carried to a division somewhat un- expectedly, immediately after the refreshment hour, and a number of members, including Mr Anderson and Mr Johnston, were accidentally shut out." A supplement to the Gazette, published on Wed- nesday night, contains proclamations altering the boundaries of the following road districts:- Ballarat, Baringhup and Glenelg, Ararat, Belfast, Corio, Dundas, Lexton, Portland, Tullaroop, Buninyong, Bungaree, Newstead, Warrnambool, Woady Yaloak, and Pyalong. In the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, Mr Lalor asked that the case of Mr Dunlop, the dis- coverer of the Ballarat gold field, should be taken into consideration. Mr McCulloch said he would undertake, on behalf of the Government, to give the case every consideration. If it could be shown that the gentleman named deserved compensation, a motion to secure that object would be submitted to the House. We learn from the Argus that in the case of Degraves and Company, appellants, v Bennett, the Supreme Court on Wednesday decided that a person who holds Crown lands under a lease from a licensed squatter, but whose occupation has in no way been sanctioned by the Crown, and holds no authority from the Crown to impound, and who may, the there- fore, possibly be liable to penalties for "unlawful occupation" of Crown lands, has power as mere occupant to impound trespassing stock. The Ovens Advertiser states that a systematic search is about to be commenced in Yackandandah district for bi-carburet of iron or plumbago. Speci- mens have been fonnd in a quartzose granite, and it is supposed that the mineral will be discovered in paying quantities. The following verdict has been returned by the jury empanelled to enquire into the cause of the death of a man named William Williams, who died in the Hospital at Sandhurst, on Monday night, from the effects of a gunshot wound received at Lockwood during an affray with the police:- "That the deceased William Williams, alias Edwin Rose, came by his death in the Bendigo Hospital, on Mon- day, the 31st August, which was the result of a pistol shot fired at him by Constable James Brien, while in the lawful discharge of his duties, on Satur- day, the 25th July. We therefore find a verdict of 'Justifiable homicide.' We are unanimously of opi- nion that the consideration of the Government and the warmest thanks of the public are due to Con- stable James Brien for the determined action taken by him in successfully arresting the deceased and his companions." 