SUMMARY OP GENERAL NEWS. ; I Since the departure of .the last mail for Europe, the amount of news of a local nature has not been very considerable. The following resume com prises the most important items Notwithstanding that there, is a Municipal election eventuating within the next few days, the town and district' have shown unmistakcable symptoms of dullness for the last week. Of the election referred to, it is barely possible to say much. Of candidates who will contest the vacant seat, several are spoken of as likely to come for ward, and Mr. Alexander Bayne, Mr. Henry Lee, and Mr. George Lansell's names are made free with; but as none of these gentlemen have as yet made any definite sign, one cannot count on their actual appearance on the 30th instant-the 'day of election. A real candidate for the honor has within the last few days declared himself, .in the shape of a Mr. John Paxton-no relative, we believe, of the celebrated founder of the Great London Exhibition, although the Bendigo repre sentative of the name is great in his own fashion. The candidate has been holding several of these exhibitions for the last night or two at the Royal Hotel, and if a burly figure, a pair of leather j lungs, and a remarkable facility for uttering < rhapsody by the hour, be qualifications for a seat in the Municipal Council, Mr. Paxton, to all intents and purposes, is a very fit and proper person. In matters Parliamentary we are likely to have a lull, as the House is "up" for some time, and as a relief to factious bickerings in Melbourne, all sections of the community there have been giving themselves up to rejoicings, in welcome of the new Governor Sir Charles Barling, of whom all persons speak in very high terms. His urbanity is the theme of commendation by one,' his " kingly air" is complimented by another, while all agree that his " majestic figure " pro claims him every inch-he is six feet four inches in height-a Governor. Of his policy and talents for governing we have vet to judge. The late Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, has taken his depar ture for Sydney, whence he will return'to Mel bourne in the mail steamer, en route for the seat of his new government at the Mauritius. On the occasion of his revisiting Melbourne, a deputation of our Municipal Council will take the oppor tunity of presenting ' him with a farewell address. The newly-discovered goldfield at the Upper Siheepwash is not progressing in development to that extent'we anticipated. Thero can be no question on the matter; now-a-days, when a likely place is struck by some such lucky chance, as was the case with the Upper Sheepwash some weeks ago, it does not receive that amount of attention which such a rush would have merited in the earlier days of Bendigo from the mining com I munity. Either the men are more inactive, or have much lees oonfidence than fornjerly, in the Bcndigo district. New: Zealand appears to have taken away the bone and sinew of onr alluvial mining population, and a rush to any portion of that colony causes more interest to the few who remain here than does a discovery of equal pre tensions half a dozen miles from the doors of their tents. "'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view." We fully believe that if one-half of the money, taken hence by immigrants to New Zealand, and.for which no return could be shown by the owners, had been spent by them in pros pecting the district around Bcndigo,-the result would have brought as many men here as the prospects in New Zealand have lured to that colony within the last twelve, months; The. matter before our local Parliament'-the; Municipal Council-the striking of the rate for the current year,has beenoncofthe most important. In consequence of the heavy debt which has been accruing .due by the Municipality, it has been found necessary to strike a very high rate, viz. OHC shilling and sixpence in .the 'pound. When the motion was brought forward, it was carried by the vote of the entire body, a piece of " touching unanimity" that was delightful, seeing that the question for spending the people's money is the. only one on which the Council have been oftiic same mind for some time back. The Prospecting Association having been mori bund for somo time back, has, it appears," at last gone the way of all similarly instituted public bodies on Bcndigo ; more's the pity. Mismanage ment in its early existence, and the deprivation of succour from the public, which constitutes the sinews of war, and the breath of life to everything almost-money-hastened the dissolution of the Prospecting Association. The last news from the Otago goldfields, con taining a list of the fatal disasters which have occurred there, possesses more than the ordinary melancholy interest to many in this district, from the fact that many of the poor fellows who have met with so sudden and untimely an end were from Bendigo. In several instances they have left' wives and families on Bendigo to mourn their loss. , Cr. Casey's, resignation has been sent in to "the Council. Although the step taken by Cr. Casey "may not have been quite in accordance with the wishes of some of-the members of the Council, it is unquestionably the right course he has adopted. It would have been impossible for him to attend to the double duties of town councillor and member of Parliament*: At least he could not in the' Council have sus tained his previous reputation for application to the business, which gained him the name of the most efficient member of that body. Iiis resigna tion has", no doubt, met with the approval of the large majority ot the ratepayers. The enrolment of volunteers for New Zealand has caused some little stir in this district for the last few weeks.- Arrangements were made in the commencement of the month for receiving appli cations from persons desirous of volunteering, arid about a hundred and a half names Were very soon placed on the list. Colonel Pitt and the Hon. Dillon Bell-the latter one of the members of the Auckland Provincial Government-were in Sandhurst during the month for the purpose of enrolling the applicants, of whom ninety seven signed the conditions of servitude.' The men tooK their, departure for Melbourne, en route for Auckland, where they will be sworn in for the period of three years. The majority of the men, accepting the conditions offered by .the New Zealand Government, appeared strong, able bodied fellows, and that such a number gladly adopted such a proposition for leaving the colony, is rather a strong comment on the want of - em ployment here. The prospects of the district, in regard to the discovery of fresh mining ground, have, within the last few days, been brightened by the finding of gold in a portion of: the Sheepwash district- the* particulars of which will be found in another por tion of our issue of to-day.. There is little doubt in the minds of experienced persons that there is a large tract . of payable auriferous country situated betweeR the Sheepwasli and Axe districts, which only waits for energetic prospecting to de velop it. The late affray between some robbers and the police, at Lock wood has resulted in the death of one of the former, who was fired at, by Constable Brien. ' The man-Williams-died in the hospital. An inquest was held on the body on Wednesday,, the Coroner's jury finding- a Terdict of justifiable homicide, committed by the constable. On the charge of robbery-stealing some pigs from a publican named Henry, at Lock wood-the other four men were, at the District Police Court, committed fqr trial. , OnThursday,10thinst, the Volunteer Rifle Corps presented Captain Skene, their late commanding officer, with a handsome sword, and a Valedictory address on the occasion of his departure fojc New Zealand, where . he has been appointed to a Captaincy. Captain Skene left Bendigo in a few days. afterwards. A* one our oldest Bendigo nians, a worthy and respected citizen, we can not but endorse the wish of the volunteers in pre senting the address to him, that in his new under taking "may God speed him !" ' - During the month the election of three members , of the Eaglehawk Municipal Council took place, (and resulted in the following persons being, the chosen ,of the ratepayers, .viz.,'. Messrs. Hop kins, Lester, : and Blair. The election caused some little excitement" in the township and sub urbs of Eaglehawk. After a deal of difficulty and application on the part of the members of the Mining Board, 'the , Chairman of the Muiicipal Council, the "several members of Parliament for the Boroughs and District, the promised subsidy of £1600, . for; clearing the sludge channel, has, at last, been ob tained from the Government. Accompanying the grant, the Mining: Board has received an unmis takeable intimation from the Government, that the present donation is the last, an' intimation which; looking at the . trouble of obtaining the - present one, we can very well believe. On Friday, the 4tH instant, a fatal accident to a miner named Meer occurred in \ the very heart of the .town.. He was; engaged with his mates in; very carelessly working a road claim in Market Square/when, a heavy body of earth: crumbled in and crushed him to death. Although the evidence taken before the Coroner and jury clearly showed that in the instance before them gross carelessly in working the claim was in directly the cause of the unfortunate man's death, and that very similar and careless workings were going on in other claims, yet the jury added no word of comment to their verdict, although, we believe, the Coroner suggested something of the kind to them. The past week has been signalised by a magni ficent banquet given to the Rev. Dr. Backhaul, in the Shamrock Hall, on the occasion of his de parture for the mother country. The reverend gentleman has been the Roman Catholic pastor of this district almost from the earliest day of its existence, and whether in a religious capa city or as a private citizen, has promoted the welfareand progress of the district, Dr. Backhaul has -well merited the admiration, respect, and esteem of his flock and. of. his" fellow-citizens. In matters theatrical, or of a character pour passer le temps, we are still provided by the energetic theatrical caterers, Messrs. Cox and Varley, who manage the rein's at. the.Lyceum Theatre During the past month" they have successfully introduced the "ghost illusion," recently imported to this co lony from London. The success of the experiment was complete. At the present time they have re commenced the dramatic season by the re-engage ment of the. efficient coryj.s dramatiqiie formerly playing at the Lyceum, and latterly fulfilling an engagement at C.'istlemaine. The company con sists of Messrs. Vinson, Cox, AValter Ilill, Noble, &c.; with Mrs. Walter Hill, Mrs. Cox, Miss Leake, Miss Bellair, &c.;,-altogether more than an average dramatic stock company. At present they are reinforced by the Leopold Brothers and Fraulein Fannie, a ballet corps which has.gained an excellent reputation both at home and in the I colonies. OccasiomUMu5^ »a*!£«sa 