s~E_:T_?DPi3sra ARRIVAL. JOKE 29.?Cyclone, schooner, S9 tons, Captain Heard, from Melbourne. H. S. Grenfell, agent. The A. S. N. Company's now screw steamer, tho Jaruos Paterson, nrrived ut tho Company's wharf yesterday morning, she having put back lo this port for n supplv of cul. At 1 a.ni. on Wed- nesday last slio left Keppel Bay, and at 7 a.m. on the same dav she arrived nt Gladstone. At 2 p.m. alie resumed her passago to Sidney, anil at IO p.m. ?a Thursday she passed Cape Moreton lights. She was off Smoky Cape on Saturday. Thus far she / ad experienced moderate weather, but when ? little to the S. of this headland she encountered a strong gale, veering round from S.E. to S.W., with a very heavy sea. AU day on Sunday she was bove-to, and nt 7 p.m. on that day she boro np for Brisbane, ns lier supply ol' ennis was run- ning short. She cast anchor nt the river har at atiout noon on -Monday. At 7 a.m. this day the James Paterson will resume hor passage to Syd-' ney. As it is the first visit of this vessel to "our port, the following particulars may not be uninte- resting. This vessel arrived in Sydney on (lie 3rd of June, after a somewhat lengthy passage of 104 dnys from Grenock, having put into St. Vincent on the 7th March, from which pince she sailed agoin 3 days Inter. She was built at Glasgow by Messrs. Smith anil Rogers, her engines having been constructed by Messrs. A. and J. Inglis. She is about 1S6 feet long, 23 feet benni, with ll feet depth of hold. Her screw is placed abaftthe rudder, am! ls driven by a pair of oscillating con- densing endues of 00 horse-power nominal. Slip has a full poop, which contains thc .-.iloem and state rooms for passenger accom- modation. The Bnloon is about forty feet long and about 12 feet wide, ami is remark- ably lofty and well ventilated. The decorations are very handsome. The partitions nie grained in Imitation of oak, willi hine panels picked ont with gobi. - Tho ceiling is painted a dead white, also picked out with gold. Tho steerage "ac- commodation is very rood, the fore cabin 'hiving berths sufficient" for nearly 100 persons, with n separate cabin Air females. The ar- rangement of thc deck is similar io that ol' tho oilier vessels belonging to tho fine fleet of steamers owned by the A.S.N. Company, and the appliances for landing ami discharging cargo are very complete. The name James Pater- son was given to her in memory of the lute rc ?peeted manager of tho A.S.N. Company. »^.',. Yesterday the new river pilot bout for lite Fitz- roy, lett Brisbane for tho scene nf her future em- ployment, in charge of Mr. Henry late a boat- swain on board the Clarence. This little vessel ii about 35 feet lung and about 7 feet beam, with ii draught of 3 feot C inches ol' water. She has ample accommodation on board for six men. Sho is rigged as a furn and aft schooner, with square-headed gnll' toiwails, and when sailing on Monday lust, lier performances were considered very satisfactory by Lieutenant Heath, the harbor muster.. From ber small siz.s she can easily he rowed al the rale of three miles an hour, by throe men with sweeps. The wliule nf the rigging waa made under Lieut*-' nant Heath's supervision, hud'the sails were linnie ky the crew ol' bis own bunt. - The blocks and all the ironwork used in lier fittings were linnie bv tradesman inDrisb.ino.: On previous occasions we luive staled her linnie, iii error, ns lin* Yarro, we ure now informed thnt It should be the Km. The Yarra Tarni,-steamer, will leave at 730 a.m. this day for Sydney. Tho stern-wheel steamer, Gnering, cleared at the Customs yesterday for .Mooloolah, in ballast. She will take six passengers. Tie Setller, slonmei-, relumed from Hie bay yesterday, ami came alongside Hull's wharf ut about 7 p.m. The trip was considered very .satis- factory, by coini-etent judges, and we tuny men- tion, that she crossed the river bur Inst evening ni dead low, water, though she lind about 150 tons nf cargo on board. She will again proceed to the bay at noon to-day. At sundown, last night, there were no vessels in sight at the bur. Captain J. B. Bennet, of the Hamlet's Ghost; reports the following whalers:-The Bonnie Doon, Captain Wybrow, was at the Chesterfield Group, in a leaky condition, the lower chain plate bolts having started. She was making so much water and had encountered such bad weather that Captain Wybrow put into those islands for shelter, and intends to fish on that station during the remainder of the season. He had 45 barrels of oil on board. On the 19th June Captain Bennett parted company with the barque Offly, of Hobart Town, Robinson, master, six weeks ont, and all well. On that date also he boarded the Victoria, of Hobart Town, Ormstalk, master, about 50 miles to the E.S.E. of Cato's Bank. She was six weeks out, and was " clean," that is, had no oil on board. The Victoria had spoken the Eury, and Caernorvan, both clean, and the Amherst, Lee, muster, with 45 barrels oil. The steamer Hotham went down to the bay yesterday with a supply of fresh provisions for the Hannah More. The Hotham left, the ship's side about 5 p m., and just previous to her casiing-ofi', Dr. James Robb, the surgeon superintendent reported that there lind been no fresh cases of hooping cough. A child died on Sunday last, and was buried on Moreton Island, and another died on Monday night, and was interred on Mud Island. Both deaths resulted from hooping cough. One child on board was very ill of inflammation of the brain, supervening after hooping cough. Dr. Lobb is of the opinion that the sooner the children suffering from hooping cough are separated from those not so effected the less ehance there will be of the sickness extending. The Hotham passed the Cyclone working up the river near Egg Island last night. The schooner Prince of Denmark was wrecked on the Bampton Reefs during a very heavy gale on the 19th of March last, the same gale it will he remembered in which the Everton was stranded. The wreck was caused by the chains parting, when the schooner ran ashore on one of the islands of' the Chesterfield group, at which place Captain Bennett had a whaling station. While on this island he constructed a large boat out of portions of tbe wreck and some cedar boat plank, which was among his stores on the island. This craft he rigged as a schooner, and named thc Hamlet's Ghost, and in it he embarked, with ten men, for Sydney; but encountering foul winds off Smoky Cape, he put back to Brisbane. His crew are all natives of the South Sea Islands, and, we believe, arrangements have been made for the greater number of them to proceed to Sydney by the steamer to-day. Captain Bennett will remain in Brisbane, it being his intention to sell the Ham- let's Ghost if he can find a purchaser here. STEAMER FOR IPSWICH.-The Ipswich will leave the A. S. N. Company's wharf this day at 8-30 a.m. 