DEATH OF SIE ST. VINCENT OOTTOI& Tliis well-known sportsman died in Hyde Pork-te'r raee, ou Sunday last. He was born at Madiugley. Hall, Cambridgeshire, in 1801, and Bu'cccodod Iiis father, Ail-, miral Sir diaries Cotton, when yet quito a child. After going through tho due preparation ut Westminster and Oxford,»Sir St. Vincent held a commission in' tho 10th Hussars, while as a sportsman ho early distinguished himself in Leicestershire ¡ nnd with Creeper, Cheat, and his mora famous mare Lark, few mon rodo harder av were much bettor mounted. It wa*, however, his taste for the road that served to mako tho late baronet so marked a man. lu fact this was BO ruliug a passion as to eventually induce him to adopt " tho ribbands" as a profession. * He purchased tho Brighton Ago of Mr Willan, and for some yoars horsed it and drove it, taking his shilling and returning tho orthodox " Thank ye" for remembering the coachman. Sir Vincent was also a steady patron of the Bing, and we fear the rattling "of the.bars was not tho only musio to his car, as wo have seen him throw Me nick out of a powter pot. For some years he lived in comparative retirement, but tho talented .satirist, who, under tho guiso of Mr Jorrocks, has writ- ? ten BO much and so well, thus sketched him in bis hey- day :-"Presently a rattling of.polo-chains was heard, and a cry was raised of " here's Sir Wineont." I looks out andi saw a worry neat, dark, chocolate- colored coach, with narrow red-striped"" wheels, and a crest, either a beagle or a unicorn, (I forgets which), on the door, and just tho proprietors' names below tho winder, and The Aga in large gilt letters below tho gammon board, drawn by four blood-liko, snitoh-tailed rings, in beautiful highly polished harness, with brass furniture, without bearing roins-driven by a swellish- looking young chnp in a long-bodied, rough, claret-colored ben- jamin, with fancy-colored tyes, and- a bunch of flowers in his button hole-no couchman or man of fashion, as you knows, being completa without the flower. ' There [ wis nothing gnmmonacious about tho turn-out ; all worry neat ana 'undsomo, but a9 plain as plain could bo; ' and there was not eren a bit of Christmas at the orses cars, which, I obserred all tho other coaches had. Woll, down carno Sir Wincoiît, off went his hat, ont came tho way-bill, and oh" he ran into tho office lo abo what they had for him. . -. The streets wore worry full, but Sir Wineont wormed his way among tho coal waggons, wans, busses, coaches, bottom-ovcr-tops, trucks, and cabs, in a marvellous workman-liko nimmer, which seemed tho more masterly, inasmuch as tho Jhiad ors, haring their beads at libprty, poked thom about in all directions, all a modo Fruneey, just as they do in Paris. At the II elephant and Castle, and, indeed, whore ever wo stopped, there wore lots,of gapers to^see the Baronet coadunan, but Sir Wineont nover minded them, but bustled about with his way-bill, and shoved in his parcels, fish baskots, and oyster barrels like n good'uii." Alas! that all those glories of tho road aro gone. ' Wc get down to Brighton now in an hour, half asleep ns .wo go, and without tho ghost of un idea,, oran incident on the way. lu Sir Vincent's time it was a delightful ride, with plenty to see, and hear, and enjoy. Tho con- venience of tho rail is not quite all gain, especially to tho sportsmau and lover of open air life and adventure. Sir St Vincent Cotton, who was tho sixth baronet, leaves no son, and tho title becomes oxtinot.-Hell's Life in London, Feb. 1. 