A TRUE NARRATIVE OF THE POETICAL EXPERIENCES OF MR. WILLIAM CRUMP. It was not—in a lone and a cool winding glade, On an evening calm and serene, When the silvery birch branch gently waved in the shade, And the moonbeam illumined the scene. But it was just at the sign of "The Three Jolly Hogs," On a shocking bad night—for it rained "cats and dogs," That HISTORY met Billy Crump's guardian sp'rit, And hear about Billy's Parnassian fit, And of his poetical merits. And as HISTORY wished to know more, he thought The information could best be got By treating the spirit to "spirits;" So they drank not—"Nectar, silvery and clear," But HISTORY stuck to the smallest of beer, While the spirit drank strong whiskey-toddy. (For this ghost by the way was addicted to drink) So 'ere it had run in his noddy; The active historian tipped him the wink, And dipping his Gillot in Perth office ink, Began at the spirits unsteady dictation, To write these remarks for our edification. One day while engaged with a very large book In the mercantile office of "Gammon and Hook," And while from the cash-book he posted th' account, Which shows in the ledger the actual amount Of "expences incidental." One has contrived by altering the tense, Enlarging the sentence, and lessening the sense, And by many a mental-- Contortion; to make the entries to show The versification denoted below:— To 1 Chubb's patent lock (to keep robbers away), Paid Thompson for extra work, Thread, wafers, and incidents (that is to say)— Cash spent by the junior clerk. Our hero halored, and nearly went mad He upset the inkstand—poor Bill was so glad, He posted "bad debts " on the Creditor side, And made up his mind no more to abide In such a mean situation; But to give himself up for good and for all, To the privileges of a poets call. (Which include his living on nothing at all And dying of sheer starvation), Ere long the old village preceptor who'd taught him His A. B. C. And his £. s. d. Having heard of his fit, in kind sympathy wrote him, Advising our hero most strongly to go Back to his billet with Gammon and Co. Bill looked at the letter, and marked its intent. He saw—so he thought—that an insult was ment, So he "felt the stern joy which" authors "feel," "Of foemen worthy of their steel"-- Pens, and their ink, and their cream laid post So he wrote him soon, And told him that soon he would know to his cost He had meddled with one Who with "Holloway" ere long would wrestle for fame, Bill was firm. But all this time he had not written a jot, And though he was oft almost "buried in thought," And "pondering in sadness," yet still nothing came But the term. Not only of Billy's poetic career, But also that term of the solar year Called Martinmas by name, And when it came, It brought his brazen faced Landlady in With tone ironical, demanding tin. Her visage was bronzed, and one ocular black, Showed where her drunken husband had dealt her a whack Which had not improved her temper— Poor Bill could not pay—''Go back you young fool!" She shrieked in a rage "to your three legged stool." This speech cast a damper On the many excuses that Bill had to make And made him beneath his black peeper to shade, That (seeing the storm which was lowering,) He returned to his old situation at length— A proof to us all of the "wondrous strength" "Of a dark eye in woman." Here sudden ceased the spirits' song (For Whisky punch is also wondrous strong." He fell, and on the mud floor of the hovel Dead drunk and speechless lay a spirit level; And on the room beneath the stable pump The obliging host, And the no ghost. But simply—bona fide WILLIAM CRUMP. 