POLAND, THE GHOST THAT WILL NOT BE LAID. (From the Times, July 22.) In all human affairs there is something which perpetually springs up to baffle the wisest calculations and the vulgarest estimates of people and things. Such is Poland, the ghost that will not be laid, the burning bush of nationality, the sacred fire of we know not what political priesthood. When we have settled to our satisfaction the balance of power. the rights of conquest, the conflicting pretensions of legitimacy and constitutional freedom, the interests of this or that portion of the civilized world, and the very great convenience of keeping things just as they are there rises up uninvited andunwelcomc,yet not to be banished or despised, the spectre of a race, or a cause, with a thousand wrongs that can never be righted. Vain are all attempts to deal with it by any of the methods successful more or less in other cases. We have recognized it in treaties, we have befriended it in diplomacy, we have obtained for it the kindly intention of Emperors, we have protested in its behalf, and, flying from one mode of action to another, we have finally made a clean breast of all our hearts' longings for it yet Poland still remains the Poland of our youth, the Poland of our fathers nay, as the prying student of its annals would have us believe, the Poland of all time; noble, generous, national, but utterly impracticable. But what is that which remains the same for all time, a pure, impalpable essence, whose evil fate has cast it among the colossal creations of earthly policy and convenient wisdom The worst that can be said of Poland that it is as it always WAS is its strongest plea to the interest of those whose faith is not in the greatest number of battalions How are we to deal with this more than strange element ? By the genius of our own political system and by the traditions of our fathers we are bound to cherish our deep interest for what we call an unfortunate race. That interest is part of ourselves, and is as in- destructible as the race itself. It rises and rises again with every fresh struggle on the part of its object. No doubt, the universal sympathy feeds the vitality of Poland and when Russia sends her Governors and her legions thither, it is to quell, not merely the conspiracies and risings of a few millions on the spot, but the instincts of the whole civilised world. So does Russia confess when she alleges that Poland would be quiet enough but for the foreigner, the universal Pole, who is to be found everywhere, and who pours in from all sides to countenance, to ex- asperate, to assist, and to die. With the local substance Russia is prepared to deal ; it is the mighty shadow that disconcerts and baffles her. But what is to be done, when the Nestor who has taken part in every negotiation for Poland since diplomacy took the place of arms can only claim to have secured a verbal expression of sympathy from all the nations of Europe that can sympathise at all, and when Poland's best and wtL'inest friends can only pronounce a solemn judgment on the futility of everything that has yet been done p It has all been good as far as it goes, the best in its kind that man could do ; but it has been done and done in vain. Mr. Horsman describes the Poland of diplomacy, and preaches a " vanity of vanities" upon the long series of remonstrances, from those of the proud Castlereagh to the last effort of the irrepressible Palmerston. As one tricked, cajoled, and unfairly beaten, Mr. Horsman is for sweeping the board clean. The Treaty of Vienna he reads us a man would read a compact with the arch-fiend, when he felt he could neither dispute it nor stand upon its terms. It is the deed by which Poland has been made over to Russia, who' with the juggler's trick of two alternate pleas benevolent intentions and actual conquest, dexterously contrived to meet both present and future reclamations. So Mr. Horsman treats the document as a pitfall which history has proved worthless for good, and only powerful for evil. Russia stands on both a prior and subsequent conquest, and only recognizes the Treaty as a bond to which she is ready to give her own interpretation when Poland has ceased to fight to act, and to speak. Poland herself, too, has thrown away the Treaty. She finds it worth less Whatsheisstiugglingfoi is independence Why then. asks Mr Hensman are the nations of Europe to appeal to a bond virtually, if not actually, rejected by both theatres chiefly concerned ? Let Poland henceforth stand on the ground of Greece of Italy, of any noble nice ground under the heel of the oppressor, to impress, torn, and broken to pieces JPLis is his demand and it is impossible not to lead it as a defiance to Russia which puts her on the level of the key as regards Greece, and Austria BB regards Italy It is the broad ground of a man who is sick of a war of words If the map of Europe is to be rearranged, the new show dates must be written, is they have ever been written, with the point of the sword This too, he says, is what diplomacy must end in Poland must happen on the map of Europe, and diplomacy will never wrote in these there is no mistaking such language Mr Hoisimn does not condescend to expel mation It can only mean one thing desire to forget the story of this century, and, as men would act, if they could combine the opportunities and impulses of youth with the determination and experience of ago, we are to contest, by force of arms, if necessary, the original partition of Poland At- all events, such a proposition ought to be looked well in the face Are we prepared to enter upon a course of demands on Russia which may involve us in a war, not only with her, but with the other parties to the original partition? H ve we flamed to our selves the extent of our demands, the Poland that is to be, and do we our selves honestly deane this mighty medieval restorations There are Poles from the Baltic to the Mediten occur There are Poles every where, and though they meet to fight, they divide for everything else But it we give up up the Treaty of Vienna, we have nothing else to stand upon with Russia but that wide platform upon which races make their way, i elisions destroy one another, and even as are founded We enter the Conference sword in hand, ready to throw it into the scale that kicks the beam That we may come even to this, at some future time, the extinguish able nature c of this struggle leaders to probable, but we are most of us pi spar ed to pray for peace in our time on this question at least If, indeed, the West of Europe wishes to push its loftier civilization eastward and to make the Poles the vanguard of progress it h tidly becomes any organ of opinion to discourage such crusade But let us not drift into it Let us not float unconsciously down to the broken waters for which our craft is neither built nor manned It is good to be able 01 a man by 1, but not to be beguiled and entangled, one knows not how, much these romantic expeditions Great acts require preparation They must be done, and done well, and they cannot be done well unless they are of 01 Steen and pi credit ited The Poles have then destiny yet to fulfil Then via that keen temper, and the subtle genius in which we see the fated instalment for the dissolution of huge masses, and the creation of new living louis But these edge tools are not to be played with Mr. Hensman himself does but draw the cemetery and suspend it over the head of the Northern Damocles He prophesies, rather than urges an appeal to in ms But let us know what we are doing We see on all sides law a world market] to a blow, and how a single shot may deluge a continent with blood It is easy to begin but not so easy to stop There is a momentum ever in diplomacy when war is one of the alternatives We wish it behoves our selves a peaceful nation, but we do not like to be told we are, 01 see the fact assumed in the language of our neighbours We are told that even our sympathy strengthens the hands of Poland and that the concurrence we have obtained from the European States has done soldiers' work for them Both the parties in the due struggle may, however, one day taunt us with the promises which we never meant to fulfil, and the cheapness of our ship in the glorious but sanguinary contest All we ask and insist on is, that we should know what we are doing, We certainly did notonconiage the revolt, and they ask to consider long and well whether we should adopt it LAND Sur- On the ml of the 13th of Time, vviMi a sound louder than the discharge of a park of an tilled j, a huge section of the took on the north of C nadasidoofNiagaia Fails near Mr. Davis's Hal To Hock Hotel fell into the yawning abyss below giving the Tails on that side a more decided horse shoe appearance than they had before those frequent slides prove that those persons who have purchased property a short distance above the great cataract, if they live long enough, will realize handsomely for their investments, as the Falls will be at their own doors in a century or two - Canadian Paper. 