RECOLLECTIONS OF THE OLD FAIRS AND MARKET SHOWS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM. 1H a lim r i sí (Concluded J All the way, while going home to take tea mid to test ourselves awhile, we rire contemplating our return at night. The night is the most romantic time of a Fuir, for then the dizzy brain is prodigiously assisted in its wild confusion by the dazzling glare and flash of the combination of every sort of light, from the ¡ipplewoman's candle in its lantern of oiled paper, up to the flaring wicks in the saucers of oil on the outside stages of the great shows, the circular jets of light at the " Crown and Anchor Booth," and the flashing coruscations on the tops of " Saun- ders' Circus of Horsemanship," and " Richard- son's Show," where a shocking tragedyis enacted eight or ten times every night. This latter we purpose to witness. It is entitled *' The Tyrant Lord and the Avenging Spectres." "We shall thus see (wo ghosts for a shilling, besides the pantomime, and a comic song between ! Yes, the night will he the time ! On our way back to tea, we stop a few minutes to see a sailor, who swallowed clasp knives ! He actually does so. We sec one go clean down his throat ! A little further on, tired as we are, and with such hot and sore feet, we cannot resist the external attractions of a small menagerie, having the picture of an eagle flying right into the great round face of the sun, with all his gilt rays slicking out! We enter, and find the zoologist of the collec- tion, is just about to commence his instructive description. He is attired in an old red hunt- ing coat, very much stained and mended. He is almost inarticulately hoarse, like _ many of the other showmen. Pointing with his cane at a miserable-looking bird who had lost nearly all the feathers from his neck (wonderfully unlike the valiant eagle outside!) and cnusing him to give one or two lame hops, the lost voice ejaculates in a hoarse and broken whisper, "The Sun-hengle!-ladies' -and-gentlemen ! The Sun-heagle ! He looks the sun in the face ! The hottcrcr the day, the hiercr ho flics-and hinabbits the ites of the mounting !" He moves on a pace or two. "The Forcu-." (Turning aside-" I'll thank you not to tease and perwoke them ring-tailed monkeys by poking straws in their faces -'t'aut in human natur to bear it !) The Porcupine ! ladies- and-gentlemen. Look at his k'vills all a-slanding up back'ards-slan tindiklerly'behind ! Buffoon sez he only sheds his k'vills once in his life ; but Buffoon 's a hunnatural liar, for he sheds 'em twice !" (Ex- tending one hand.) " I've seen it myself!" The rest of the collection is described in the same style, concluding with remarks on a couple of hungry-eyed ringtatled monkeys, a very dirty and extremely sulky hedgehog, and a little cage of extremely strong-smelling white mice with pink eyes. We hurry off, and arc very glad to get home. " There, boys ! sit you down ! " says our grandmama. " Tea warms you when you're cold, and ccols you when you're hot ! " Never 1 having heard this great medicinal paradox bofoie, of course we all three received it reverently ; nevertheless, we were very glad when all the hot slop had been gradually swallowed, and the shades of evening had descended. We are off again to the Fair. It is a fine dark night, and the distant lights, and dancing gleams and flashes, are fraught with excitement and full of promise. The noises, also, are far I more confused and romantic than in the day time. As a Dutch fair is conspicuous for I the wooden horses of its merry-go- rounds, so an English fair was conspicuous for its high- flying boat-swings. Only a nation of islanders, with sea-born fancies and sea-brains, could stand or sit in these swings without being horribly sick in a very few minutes. We look at them with admiration, but are obKced to hurry forward to get among the stalls anti booths, nnd thence into the midst of all ihose brilliant delights, mad noises, and wild tomfooleries ! We are hustled and jammed in the con trarious crowd,-we come to a dead stop,-and then we are carried this way and that way, sometimes clean off our feet, as we are forcea through chock-full avenues of stalls, and stands, and small shows, all " lit up !" Now we catch a glimpse of a stall that seems ful! of dolls of nil sizes-wooden dolls, wax dolls, leather dolls, and some very large ones lying in fringed cradles. Then we pass no end of toy stalls, dancing booths, and gingerbread stalls, all shining with gold leaf and gewgaws ; and suddenly we find ourselves within the arena of the Great Fair, and in front of the " Crown and Anchor," most renowned of all booths the world ever saw. There it is, in its full magnitude, with all its white table-cloths, and glittering i chandeliers, and the front .table loaded with whole turkeys, roast and boiled, and suck- ing pigs, and calves' heads, each adorned with parsley, or flowers, or flourishing sticks of celery and slices of lemon ! How many successive crowds had luncheons, dinners, teas, and suppers there through the day and night ? How many scores of ham pies, of cold fowls, hams, turkeys, duck, and tongues ? How many hundred dozens of bot- tled ale and stout, not to mention wine and " cordials ?" All this is beyond oxir calcula- tion ; but this we do remember, that sometimes at Bart'lemy, and at Greenwich Fair, moro than two thousand Londoners were dancing at the same time in the Crown and Anchor Booth. On these great occasions, the whole scene, with all its dancers, was enveloped in a dense cloud of dust, rising up from the floor, so that whatever coat you entered with, you were certain to emerge with a coat the colour of whitey brown paper, and you moreover had a pair of large black nostrijs, and black semicircles under the eyes. The Crown and Anchor dancing- saloon extended so far back into the field behind (when at Green- wich)-that a full band was kept at work for dancers at the top, near the 'har,-anoth'or at the remote end of the booth, and a third band in the centre;' and although they often played different dances, with different airs, and in different keys, you could only hear the music of your own band, the pre- dominating accompaniment to them all being the measured, muffled thunders of the bcots of the two thousand dancing Londoners ! But we cannot go in there now : we are bent upon the great Shows-and particularly the one with the shocking tragedy of the " Tyrant Lord," if wecanbutget.there through the black moving walls of crowded people. Oh ! what a scene is around us ! There 's the great Wild Beast Show on the left, with its brass band and beef-eaters in scarlet and gold. There ''s the Crown and Anchor on the _ right, all in green garlands and white draperies, cold tur- keys and chandeliers !-there you see ^ life-size pictures of the Giant, and the Dj£a<! and the Lion King, and the Fire Kinç .t Calf with Three Heads, and other rf$fa. " alive, alive !"-making up, with a ^Í?í_circle congruities, one side of tye grand"r . ". .l ' with Richardson's (ragi-eoraic t»&tre; lft m centre, at the furthei end, flanked on the otho side bj the gieat horsemanship and rope dancmg circus of baunders, the conjuring and clock m oik wonders of Gjngell, "Miss Biffin," and the lcmmdcrof the best booths, twopennj theaiies, andbhows On the " parade," t c the si ige, outside of each of the great shows, a diffeicnt performance is going forward at the same time, bj waj of ittricting spectators to ascend the steps, indent cr through the curtains behind On tliep nade of Richardson's Iheatre, part of the " shocking tiagedj" is being tnicted, continu ülj mteriupted bj a rush of the pantomime chaiacteis with huge heids, in masks, which speedilj meiges into a mixed d ince of the tragic and comic characters , while on the pande of Saunders' circus, horses, nchly capmsoncd, are led forth from between the ied curtains behind, ranged ia a line, and then mounted bj "the riders' the riders'" the clown being scitcd on a ponj full of tricks, anl an acrobat, in fiont of all, standing on his head upon the top of i short pole, windi gradually rises with him, bj hidden m ichincry, till it be comes as tall as a scifToklmg pole' And at Hil same time our ejes take in the dalling vision of the high flying swings, ill going up and down " like mad, " while on e%erj parade, and out- side of e^ij show, binds, or bairel oigans, or gong, ciackcd trumpet, cjinbal, big drum, md speaking tiumptt, aie exerting their utmost powirs But chief of all these fur fashioned delights md ench inline sights, is the elegant jmtmlc figure of joung Mister Saunders, all in siher md white fittings so tight to his beauti- ful Apollo figure, seikd at eise on a ehek rope, hi^h aloft between the festoons of the dr iperj of the tip top ridge of " Saunders' Show" sud swinging backwaids and forwards, with continual somersaults-now backwards, ind lost in the draperj behind, and now swing- ing forward with his feet iljmg up« irds bejond the framework of the show, towards the stars and the clouds of night o^er head' Amidst all this illuminated conflict and won dciful confusion, we schoolboys arc perplexed in our choice of what show we will go into II so much is seen outside, how much moie, we fancy, will there be inside ' After \anous hastj decisions, and equallj lush changes of mind, we agree to go and see the "1 ireKing," because his show is the newest So, up we go, and step upon the outside stage, where we find a dirtj fellow with his sleeves tucked up, md his naked arms all smoking, trimming the coil of cotton wicks in the oil saucers A joung gen tlcm m of our partj says to him, " Please, which is the waj in ?-w e want to see the Fire King " In a gruff, caieless -voice he replies, " / am the the 1 ire King Go andpaj your monej (hoc ' We are ^erj much disappointed at finding that dirtj fellow is the King ' We hesitate an in- stant-exchange looks-ind, in i trice, we all three bolt awaj, down the steps ague-, into the dark moung m i/c below " Let s go into the conjuiiDg mid cait wheel at Gjngcll's " But the crowd is too dense in lint direction, owing to a sudden announcement trat at tins moment, the 'Lion King" is thrusting his head right into the lion's mouth ' " L°t s g j it once into Richardson's, to see the horrid tragedy '" But we cannot get neir the steps, bj i long waj, in consequence of a number of the ' chiricters," ill mounted on sham horses in pe'Ucoats, headed bj the donn, and supported bj the chief tragedian, haungchirgcd down the steps, right into the middle of the most denseh crowded part of the fair , m iking a frantic line through the mass, which w is thrown into all sorts of jims, and whnl aboute, and scutch-cradles (to the immense de light and profit of all the pickpockets ')-and, before the mad multitude had ieco\ered its senses, charging back again Not knowing what to do, and partly as a refuge, we half go in, and wc arc half pushed in, V.o coo tKo *< Oroat L\aV>lo A.frionn Boa Ser- pent !" We had taken a glance at the picture outside, of an immense green and scarlet serpent, with his tail holding fast by the bough of a tree, while his body below is wound round a struggling stag with great antlers, and the tears running down his face. Besides, it is the "Liable African Boa," which must be some extraordinary specimen of the kind. Admission only threepence. When we get inside, we find rows of form?, like a little dirty pit at a very minor theatre, with a bit of dirty stage in front. About sixty or seventy people are collected, all sitting in expectation. More people ard crowded in, and at last a man in grease-spotted cordcroys, with a blue shirt, and an old cotton velvet jacket having some tarnished spangles down the breast, comes from behind a dingy green curtain, to the front of the stage, bearing in his arms a kind of very fat conger eel, or something of that class, which seems asleep, or else half-dead. " Here you sec !" says the exhibitor, " here you see, a-lying at hease, quite hinnocent-like in my arms, the celebrated Bos-contractor orf the Heest Hinges ! Being werry young at pre-ent, you see he is only from three to four feet long; but he is liable to grew to forty feet!" "Liable!" ejaculated an ironical voice from the pit. " Yes-liable, spooney ! " retorts the showman. At this in- sult, applied to an exclamation which really expressed the astonishment of everybody pre- sent at the impudence of the " take-in," as com- pared with the splendid full-grown Boa and his strangulated stag outside, all the spectators rise with a shout of indignation. Many demand to have their threepence returned; but the majority of us make a rush towards the stage. The showman instantly hurries behind the dingy green curtain with the " Contractor" in his arms, and the next moment another part of the curtain is drawn aside by a line. Of course we all rush through ; and, to our amaze and bewilderment, we find ourselves in the open air at the back of the rows of booths, almost in, the dark, among cart-wheels, planks, ar lumber, and iron kettles hanging over hit extinguished fires ! We have nothing forjme to make our way through the first gap acóni- to, and so into the-fair again, looki/-' monly like fools ! " Sixpence a pgi'spangles On every parade the leading nj'to begin !" and feathers is bawling, "^people hurried but no sooner have a numbsey, and entered, up the steps, paid theuvding men in splen than forth again came tbi' ¿sometimes with a did and seductive d.-go through the sanie change of dress)vd af»m> until the inside is manouvres agaipwe *Ust risk this waiting really full. Aovr ;f the other, we wiéh inside in (pyngeV5»". or into " Saunders;" to go into ¿brseira8hiP» and tlie wonderful to see ttariderpí? the ^t-rope. But we Maste^'that r ^is moment, the parade of obsA-agon's'', reaUy deserted» showing that 3vhav?\"alIy "e°ne in t0 beßifl." and Si «,» ",&& in front is left tolerably clear 1 fTw ^s' which is attributabIe t0 thc riyal °; ,¡íon the two other large parades, the aUracÍ!shed younger brother of Mr. Gyngell £c?°5 the act of balancing a cart wheel on °??5n ! while tho " Btrong man " at Saunders' i Pítanding with no less than two "fra mea upc-a his shoulde«,' two jouths md a boy at the top-all fiie upon hu ahouldcis, situng one above the olhei * i The moment being ùiourable, we make our waj to the steps of Richardson's Thcatio ascend the parade-paj foi pit tickets-pass tlnough the folded red curtains, and take our places about the middle of a slope of planks, ai ranged in double rows, t c , phnks to sit upon, and mu low er phnks for the feet below, where gips are presented bo wide that i boy might cisilj fall right through Holder, we are onlj too delighted to have got there Hie play is most attractnelj, thnllinglj, and 8iiggesli\elj entitled "Hie dreadful Drama of the Tjrant Lord and the A\enging Specties ' " bj the celebrated author of the " Buried Gold and the Bloodj Stocking " This melodrama, as Us title and the "bills " full j set feith, is of the most sangumarj and supernatural lund A ladj of rank and beautj (rather too highly rouged), dressed in much ci eased and rumpled satin of doubtful colour, embroidered with sihei spangles, his for hei husband a tyrannical lord, attired in black cotton ^ehet, with black beard, black hat and featheis, and gold spangles in profusion He is dreadfullj jealous of his loving wife, and without the leist cause, which makes the tr igcdy dcrpn Ho pietends lo be going a journej, just to find if his ground less suspicions are justified Diroctlj he is gone the ladj's brothei, whom he his neicr seen, enteis from the opposite side, attired in green cotton \el\ct and wearing i hat with a .\eij tall white plume stuck upright Ihe biothei ind bister gieet each other and em brace But the tj-rant lord is back m a twinkling, and, without i word of inqiurj or a moment's hesitition, shoot3 the biothcr with a pistol and stabs his wife' Thej both sink down " to the low trembling of fiddles," and so die Ihe ne\t scene introduces us to an old man and his daughter, and it now tianspircs that during the time the tjrant lord was madlj jealous of his wife, without tho least foundation, he was endeavouring to seduce the daughter of one of his oldest tenants But the gul is betrothed to a joung sailor, though thej feai he must ha-\ e been lost it sea In the next scene we have a Mew of the stormj occin, Bc\eral high waves performing a soit of dunce to music A ship then appeirs, and after nding first on the back of one wa^^c, and then on the back of another, suddcnlj tikes a due down between thom and disippears One sulor is seen to struggle ashore, which, of course, is the loier of the girl In scene the fourth-"a wood"-the tjrant contrnes to kidnap the girl and carrj her off, after knocking doivn her old daddj The sailor enters at this juncture, ind giics cluse to the lawless tjTant Scene the fifth and last, is i gloomj hill in the tjiant's chateau, lit by a dismal lamp, the glenm of which fills upon two lirge stone statues of the loi d's ancestors The tjrmt now enteis with the gul in his nins She icco\ eis, and resists him He talks in i strain of ferocious love-miking, and is proceed- ing to extremities, when suddcnlj there is a bang upon a sonorous gone, and a blue sulphu îeous light streams o\er the scene ' Tho two statues fill asunder'-from one of them the Ghost of the tjrant's murdeied wife ippeais, holding the identicil digger with which she was subbed, and from the other, the Ghost of the lid j's murdered brother, holding the identical pistol with which he was shot' At this instant ihe sailor rushes in, and, taking the weapons fiom the hands of the Avenging Spectres, shoots the tjrant lord, and stabs him is he is falling to the immense satisfaction and prolonged applause of the whole mdience Tlie foregoing five scenes may be said to have condensed five acts of a preposterous " sensa- tion drama" of the old school, and to have represented the same in about twenty minutes.f a puui«.«;».. foiio.uo (o jviiinf» of two minutes being filled up by a comic song), und the whole of the introductory diablerie and harlequinade io rushed through in about the same time as the melodrama. The two boys with me agree-in fact, we all agree-that the peasant giri of the shocking tragedy is now Columbine ; and that her lover, who was the bister, is now the Harlequin ; but we arc not quite unanimous as to whether the old father plays Pantaloon, and the murderod brother the Clown, though we are certain that the murdered lady is now dressed as the farmer's wife with tho basket of great red carrots which the clown swallows, whole, , one after the other, and that the tyrant lord is the nigger that dances a breakdown while the closing scene of " fairy delights" is getting ready. He who cannot sometimes go back, in ima- gination, to his boyhood's years, and enjoy the same things, almost in an equal degreo, is neither so happy, so healthy, nor, perhaps, so wise and kindly of nature, as the man who can, at fit seasons, forget his maturer age, and bestride a hobby, like the warrior and j hw giver of classic times, who was found, ^ day, riding round the room on a walkinr'"10*' followed by his children, mounted ' "P0'1 prancing horses of the same siPn brce(*' "Once a man and twice a child"18, R P«»««» levelled at the imbecilities of °'e.; .ö.ut*° be " man and often a boy is rJ*"> »j«aüon of health in mind and bo J' ""» ^und heart-and the good sense to kti'' h<w to bc mmV ancl wise."___ \--- -ser Belíoní, during a previous period of . The celebrated t» as the» strong man "of a theatre or bis weer, was oncoion he supported six upon his shoulders in circus, on which r the way dcscribflieso popers, being in tho pit of Itlchardson's \+ The writer*ich 1-air, a few years before ita aboUtion by Act Theatre at G'pund tho into Douglas Jorrold soated in tho row of rorliamr " Ha I what bringB you horo ! " said Jorrold ; " for juBt in toort a» I am by natnro-I always come hero te learn my pocit task of being short enough in art." the dj»_^_ 