NEWS AND NOTES. On Saturday, at the Albion Hotel, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Ah Soo, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on Thursday in his own hut, Clay- ton's Hill, Ballarat, and was caused by congestion of the brain and its membranes. Ah Sin, market gardener on Clayton's Hill, deposed that the de- ceased was employed by him for about six days about a month ago. Witness did not think he had obtained any work since. The deceased was sick with the leprosy for nine or ten months before, and neither witness nor any other Chinese would enter his hut. The deceased gambled and won three pounds, but that money was spent a month ago. Witness had seen the deceased knocking about every day since, until about three days ago. Ah Ack, another gardener, knew the deceased to be about twenty-eight years of age, and from Canton. The deceased's face broke out badly about a year ago. He was occasionally employed as a laborer in various gardens. Witness and Lie Tin having noticed the deceased's place to have been shut up for several days, went and found him lying on his back, dead. Witness had heard the deceased say in the garden that when he could not get anything to eat he would buy opium and kill himself. All Chinamen thought the deceased had the leprosy. Samuel George Hayes, surgeon, made a post mortem examination the body, and found the cicatrices of many old sores on the extremities. The countenance was placid, hands closed, and bloody froth oozing slightly from the mouth and nose. The stomach was tympanitic, and contained a small quantity of thick stuff like coffee, but no trace of opium. The brain and mem- branes presented the usual appearances of conges- tion. The body waa not emaciated, and the viscera, generally speaking, healthy. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes as follows -On Saturday afternoon a quarrel took place at the Chinese camp, arising out of a dispute about 14s, for which one Chinaman had sued another, and end- ing in a general fight between the friends of each party, numbering in all some two hundred persons. Many are believed to be seriously injured, as knives and sticks were freely resorted to. A renewal of the fight is expected this afternoon (Sunday), and the Chinese interpreter is now at the Police Camp in order to have the combatants bound over to keep the peace.- The Volunteer Fire Brigade, after several preliminary meetings, may be now said to be fairly established, the members who have enrolled themselves being men of calibre. The uniform of the brigade is to be similar to that of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, each member having to pay for his own. A committee has been appointed to canvass the districts for subscriptions, and from the interest taken in this important movement, little doubt is entertained as to the result.- The Howson family gave an entertainment on Friday at Stoddarts As- sembly Rooms, and from the fact of these clever artistes having established themselves as favorites with the public, the hall was readily filled. The selection of the songs, and the manner in which they were sung, failed not to be fully appreciated by the audience, and it was much regretted that the enter- tainment was confined only to one evening.- Mr Gustav Droege lectured at Stoddart's Assembly Rooms, on Saturday: evening, on "New Zealand and the New Zealanders." The audience, though not large, seemed much pleased with the varied and interesting facts which the lecturer, from his exper- rience in New Zealand, was in a position to commu- nicate. The excavations for the Burke and Wills monu- ment have been oommenced on the site chosen at the junction of Sturt and Lydiard streets, and in a few days the foundation will be ready for what is conventionally called the "foundation stone," which is to be laid by His Excellency the Governor. A proclamation in the Government Gazette sanctions the erection of three distilleries and one rectify- ing house. One of three distilleries at Warren- heip, in the county of Grant; one in East Colling- wood; and one in Prahran. A warrant has been issued against a man named James Murray, who is charged with embezzlement. The accused had been in the employment of Govern-ment as a clerk at the Ballarat East Railway Staion, and is now supposed to be in Melbourne trying to escape to New Zealand. A meeting of the Turf Club will be held at Craig's Royal Hotel this evening to reconsider the weights for the Champion Race and for the transaction of general business. Several of the constables who were formerly stationed at Ballarat and left the police force for New Zealand, have written to their old comrades by the last mail, and give a glowing account of the diggings there. The majority of them are in the police force, receiving 16s per day pay. Others of them have public houses on the Dunstan, and Ser- geant Sincock formerly of the detective force here is connected with the detective department in Otago. Another exodus from the Victorian force is threat- ened in consequence of the flattering accounts given by the writers of the letters. A correspondent wishes to call the attention of the Western Council to the advisability of opening up a passage through Camp street to the northern extremity thereof, in order to afford ingress and egress to the residents in the locality who are com- pened to pass through the back fences of the resi- dents of Grenville street in order to get to and from their houses with wood and water and other necessaries of life. This question has been before the Council on two occasions, and that body has come to the conclusion that as the street would have to pass through private property, as reported by the engineer, the expenditure would be so large that the Council would not be justified in undertaking the work in the present state of the municipal funds. We believe, however, that a right-of-way or some- thing of the kind has been laid off there to meet the wishes of the inhabitants. Lawyers' clerks, reporters, and clerks of Petty Sessions for some time have been in the habit of enjoying a Saturday half- holiday, but the proceed- ings at the Western Police Court during the last two Saturdays have been of such a nature as to prolong the sittings of the court until after four o'clock, to the great annoyance of the persons men- tioned. Several sly grog cases, brought forward by the revenue police, engaged the attention of the Bench on Saturday last until the hour named. In the majority of instances the usual penalty of £50, or four months' imprisonment, was imposed. A Sacred Harmonic Society has been started at Buninyong under the auspices of Mr Doyle and other gentlemen. The Buninyong Road Board has resolved on making the Sebastopol Road as far as the boundary of the municipality. Our Creswick correspondent writes thus:- It having been understood that Major Pitt would be at Creswick on Friday morning to inspect the volun- teers, about sixty of the corps mustered at the orderly room at half-past 10 a.m. After waiting some time without being gladdened by the sight of the Major or Captain Dowling, they marched to the recreation ground, and were there, by the drill- in- structor, Sergeant-Major Stewart, put through vari- ous evolutions, companies' drill, skirmishing, &c.;, to the sound of the bugle, in a manner that reflected the highest credit on both the Sergeant-Major and the corps. Being, with but few exceptions, fine powerful-looking young men, they presented rather an imposing appearance on the field, and several good judges declared that, considering the little time the corps had been established, they had never seen manoevres better performed, proving the ex- istence of considerable zeal and ability on the part of both the drill instructor and his pupils. A great deal of dissatisfaction having been expressed by many at the absence of both Major Pitt and Captain Dowling, the members of the corps adjourned to the orderly room; and passed a series of resolutions reflecting on the absence of their commanding officer. It has since been discovered, however, that Captain Dowling telegraphed to Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace to the effect that he would not be able to attend the parade, as he was engaged in Melbourne transacting business for the corps. The members now find that they were somewhat premature, and, as it turns out, unjust. The Water Commission will meet to-day to con- sider a variety of postponed and other business. The most important matters to be brought under con- sideration are the following:- To consider a memo- rial to the Governor in Council, as to a proposed loan; to consider the advisability of calling tenders for constructing a reservoir at Beale's Swamp; the laying of mains in Victoria and Armstrong streets; a regulation for declining to supply mining com- panies with water unless they each provide a reser- voir; the advisability or otherwise of erecting a reservoir at the American saw mills; the propriety of raising the bywash at the Gong Gong reservoir; and a reissue of advertisements to procure tenders for the supply of four inch pipes to Soldiers' Hill. The chairmen of the two Councils are also to request that the Commission will consider the advisability or otherwise of allowing any more service pipes to be attached to the mains west of Lydiard street during the present summer. The drawing for the articles to be disposed of by lottery, in connection with the recent bazaar, will take place this evening in the Mechanics' Insti- tute. The nomination of a member to fill the vacant seat at the board of the municipal council of Clunes, rendered so by the resignation of Cr Morgan, will take place on the 4th proximo. Greater care is wanted over the stand pipes and hydrants here and there, ia order to prevent a waste of water. The pipes at the intersection of Sturt and Lyons streets, or the hydrant there, was all day yes- terday at the mercy of all the boys passing them, and a very pretty game of water spouting was kept up at intervals. Then the hydrant at the intersection of Lydiard and Sturt streets was running a good stream last night after seven o'clock, when one of the gentlemen connected with this office enacted the part of turner, and stopped the waste. How long the stream had been running we cannot of course say, but it is a pity that with a scanty supply our water curators cannot take proper care of what we have. The hydrant boxes are useless at present, and may as well go where the ugly lamp-posts ought to go; but we presume it it possible to have substantial covers that will really protect the hydrants from idle boys who like fun too well not to use the oppor- tunities afforded them by our water managers. On Saturday evening a man named McLean was arrested by the police for stealing two pairs of boots from the shop of Mr David Jones. A very old offender was also arrested in Ballarat East for stealing a chair from the door of a furniture shop in the Main Road. At a public meeting of the inhabitants of Little Bendigo, convened for the purpose "of devising the best means of preventing the inhabitants of Little Bendigo being totally cut off from all communication with Ballarat East during the coming winter." The following resolutions were agreed to:- 1st. That unless the roads of Little Bendigo are repaired, and a bridge, a culvert, or other substantial repairs made so as to be able to cross with drays over the Yar- rowee Creek, the inhabitants of Little Bendigo will be deprived of all carriage communication with Ballarat, except by way of Dead Horse.- 2nd That a committee be formed to collect subscriptions, and as a deputation to wait on the Eastern Municipal Council, to ask its aid in making a road over the Yarrowee Creek, and that the following gentlemen be the committee, with power to add to their number, vix:-P. Conway, J. Dowling, O. Skogland and J. Deveson." The temporary reservation from sale of forty-five acres and thirty-two perches of land at Daylesford, for a racecourse and other purposes of recreation, stands revoked upon the expiry of four weeks from the 9th of January, whereupon the said land will be thrown open to holders of miner's rights. The establishment of the Bungaree Boad District has been formally announced in the Government Gazette. Bylaw No. 23 of the municipal council of Ararat, for regulating market dues, &c.;, has been assented to by the Governor in Council. A cricket match is announced to take place this day between the Buninyong Mount Club and the Ballarat Second eleven, on the ground of the latter. The first business to be transacted this day at the Western Council will be the election of a chairman. We understand that it is the intention of Cr Craig, should he be able to attend, to nominate Cr Campbell for the post. Independent of other qualifications, he is the next senior councillor on the list, and entitled to occupy the chair according to the practice that has hitherto prevailed in the Council. Several of our readers have no doubt familiarised themselves with the exhibition of the lion and the dog, that has been in this locality since Ballarat races. While these animals were being exhibited at the regatta on Friday, the keeper of them invited any of the persons who patronised him to take the lion by the paw, "as he was as docile as a lady's lap dog." A man named Stewart mustered up courage to do so, but in a moment the lion seized him by the arm near the shoulder and inflicted so severe a wound with its teeth that the bone was ex-posed. On Thursday last a few of the friends and ad- mirers of Mr Mitchell, late teacher of the Bakery Hill school, assembled at Lester's Hotel, and pre- sented that gentleman with a very handsome gold watch and chain as a souvenir, previous to his de- parture for New Zealand, whither he is proceeding for the benefit of his health. On Saturday evening Messrs Charles Wehl and Henry Brooks gave a second pyrotechnical display at the Victoria Gardens, Melbourne Road. In about a fortnight it is the intention of these artists to hold an imposing display of fireworks at the Copenhagen Grounds. The number of passengers who arrived at the port of Melbourne during the week ending Saturday, the 17th instant, was 1067, ofwhpm 782½ were from the United Kingdom, 2 from New York, 1 from Manilla, and 281½ from the neighboring colonies. Of these last 108 were returned passengers from Otago. A sermon preached by Alexander Gosman, Minister of the Dawson Street Congregational Church,'' in connection with the Congregational Union of Victoria, and entitled "Jesus Christ the only Foundation, has been issued from the press, the profits of the sale to be devoted to the fund of the Congregational College of Victoria. The sermon is well written, and is liberal in spirit, albeit the theology is of the school called among Protestants "orthodox." The author claims for his church the most liberal platform, and avers that no church, however pretentious her assertions, can be a real church, but a sect only, "unless the terms of com- munion are such as would admit all who truly love the Lord Jesus Christ." We do not know whether or not, upon the principles he has laid down, the author will call his own body a sect or a church, or whether he would like, or be permitted to see those principles pushed to their logical conclusion; but we can safely say that the sermon he has published is one that any Christian may read with pleasure and profit, as breathing in fitting words very much of the true spirit of free and unsectarian charity. The Ballarat publisher is S. L. Birtchnell, Sturt street, and the Melbourne publisher, W. B. Stephens, Collins street. The Gazette contains the republication of the fol- lowing notice, which appeared ia Gazette No. 81 of 3rd July, 1861:- Police magistrates and courts of petty sessions are requested to obtain authority from the Treasurer before they sanction expenditure in erecting, removing, or repairing pound yards." The Theatre Royal was very badly patronised on Saturday night, albeit with Mr Dillon and the ex- cellent stock company still there, the public may be always sure of some good acting. The "Lady of St Tropez" was the piece de resistance, and in it Mr Dillon, Mr Bellair, and Miss Lockhart bore the leading parts. This is a French play of the sensa- tion class, and is founded on the memoirs of the alleged poisoner, Madame Leffarge, but differs ma- terially in some leading particulars from those me- moirs, while adopting the theory of her innocence of her husband's death, who is really poisoned (in the play) by his cousin. As the husband, Maurice, Mr Dillon played with great skill, but was a little too stilted now and then to comport with the re- quirements of the domestic drama. His manage- ment of the death scenes was good, but with a little more control of the manly utterance to subdue it for the infantile weakness of wasted health, the rendering would be better. As the villain cousin, Mr Bellair played with pro- digious coolness, and poisoned his victim with, in a Borgian sense, delightful self-possession and nonchalance. Miss Lockhart as the innocent but accused wife, was quite equal to her good repu- tation as an actress, and, although apparently suffer- ing from indisposition, made the part a very effective one in the main. Mrs Gill's Margot was capitally rendered, and Miss Harland, as the wife of a notary, whom Mr Gill personated in a most comic if not notarial style, played with equal success. We do not care much for such pieces, nor does the public apparently; but it was, nevertheless, well put on the boards, the good acting of the most part of the lead- ing characters being supplemented by some really good bits of scenery for which, we presume, we are indebted to Mr Murphy. "Cool as a Cucumber" concluded the bill. This evening Mr Dillon will appear as Othello, supported by Mr Bellair, as Iago, Mr Hoskins as Brabantio, and Miss Lockhart as Desdemona. The performances at the new Adelphi Theatre on Saturday evening were attended by one of the largest pit audiences we have seen since the opening night. The sensation domestic drama, "Our Old House at Home," passed off very satisfactorily, the principal parts being played by Misses O'Reilly, Carry George, and Merton, Messrs Edwards, Searle, and Newton. This was followed by a medley dance given by Mdlle. Louise, which received a deserved encore. "Black eye'd Susan" followed, with the novel cast of Miss O'Reilly as William, and Miss Carry George as Susan. Everything went well until the set scene for the merry-making to celebrate the return of William was about to be enacted, whereupon an altercation loud enough to be heard all over the house took place at the side of the stage, but by the happy introduction of a pas de deux by Mr Joseph Chambers and Mdlle. Louise, the attention of the audience was temporarily diverted. The wordy war however, still continuing to rage, and William's guests and friends beginning to look as uneasy as those of Macbeth when engaged in exchanging com- pliments with the ghosts of his victims it was deemed advisable to drop the curtain upon the unseemly affair. Mr Edwards came forth and ex- plained that Miss O'Reilly refused to proceed with the part, and he would leave her to explain to the audience as best she could; under any circumstances Mr Newton had undertaken to assume the role of William for the rest of the evening. The audience waited for a few seconds expecting Miss O'Reilly to come out and afford the suggested explanation, but neither were forthcoming, whereupon ensued a series of indescribable noises such only as pits and galleries can send forth, mingled with serious and derisive cries for "O'Reilly "and "William." Mr Newton not having got himself fully rigged in his new togs, we suppose, was the reason of the green cur- tain being kept down for a longer period than any uncertainty as to Miss O'Reilly's movements existed. To quiet the audience, the bell rang for the band to strike up. Its feeble wail, however, served but to increase the hubbub, not to still it, and it was not until the curtain again rose and dis- played the new William pleading his cause before the court martial, that silence was once more pro- cured. It is due to Mr Newton, to state that he got excellently well through a part taken up by him at so short a notice. This evening the bills announce for presentation, "Dred, the Avenger," dramatised from Mrs Stowe's novel, "The Tale of the Dismal Swamp." It is a production of the "Uncle Tom" and "Octoroon" stamp combined; and from what we have seen of it, very likely to prove worth witnessing. Mr Edwards, Mr C. Warde, and Miss O'Reilly are underlined as the principal cha-racters. Shakespere's lively comedy, "Catherine and Pertuchio" is likewise to be repeated. THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY.- The Church of England Assembly sat between three and four hours yester-day. Resolutions were passed, affirming the desira-bility of erecting a registry and chapter-house, and requesting the bishop to appoint a central committee, to superintend the working of the Church of England common schools. The Churchwardens and Vestry Bill, the Chancellor's Duties Bill, and the Ministers' Stipend Bill, were considered and adopted. The Rev. C. T. Perks submitted some resolutions, having for their object the creation of a fund for the relief of widows, orphans, and superannuated clergymen, but the debate on the question was adjourned. The assembly will meet to-day, at noon, and with this sitting will bring its labors to a close.- Argus, 17th January. 