THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. ; HOY1I HllTKABKEI, . On Monday night tho Ghost, nbout which so much has been said, mndc its nppearnnco. , 11,19 a genuine eidolon, havi'jg the perfect form and character of » oorporeM substance, but being a thing of otherta! tenuity, no that wh?n Jfr. R!9h!»r4 yomjgO hewed truoulontly nl It with hla sword, bo made no impression whatever upon it After this succosiful effort of science, mero superstition must, vulgarly speaking, cave in. Tho ghoata of tradition have an uncertainty about them, which ;plnces them at a great dis advantage with this newer and moro pronounced visitant from the other world. They liavo a vulgar habit of emitting blue flames, of surround ing themselves with a balo of fog, of Bhowing themsolvo!* only In parts, a*, for instnnoo, display- ing a hand, era face, or a dim outline of a Cgmc. The now RLpsfc discovers itself complete and proporly defined, having a distinot configuration, features of the normal proportion, and on expression neither exaggerated nor distorted. It is thus a ghost with prefercnt cloj'ns upon the attention of tho theatrical world, and, Iwiugsuch, it Trill, no d,on,bt. take its pioper pUce in publio estimation. Being n debutante— fur in this instance Ha gonder was fomlnino— it received much cccouragcmont from the audience, nnd was duly encored, so that it had to repeat Its spiri'ing more than once. From this timo, common ghosts will bo unfashionable. Nothing but the patent ghost will go down, nnd if Iho patent ghosts will not fit into the old-fashioned pl»y.«, we must havo new plsys written for their proper accom modation. Moantimo, however, the old plays must serve our turn, nnd in this w»y tbo highor and dustier sholves of tho drnmatio reportorj will bo ransacked, and their contents dlsnli«ed again to tho light oj day. It may happen, in this way, that an author will experience a kind of literary resurrection, and find himself again popular, after having been buried for many fcoreB of years.— Tho -implied alliance of eoienca and art is a curious one, and its practical exemplifi cation suggests relied ions of an interesting obaraclcr. bcienunc men are apt to think dis paragingly of tboso whoso vocation la itetalure,. nnd, as a rule, science is not held in. tbo highest veneration by poets, diftmat'sts, and the like. If it Bhouid be estab lished that optlca may owe its advancement to poetry, and if poetry Bhould bo mado popular by means of optics, Mrs. Somcrvillo may add n chapter to the next edition of that most wonder ful book of hers, on the connexion of the sciences. Mr, Lewis's 'Castle Spectre' might havo been permanently ontombad, If Profossor Peppor had not devoted his attention fa A particular branoh of the science of Tislon. Conveniently, however, it is found to be a suitable medium for illustra ting this great discovery, and its revival takes place accordingly. In accordance with the theory which 'a'Bumcs the universality of a mutual fitness ol things, tho play and tho spectro, in this instance, bear a tolerably close affinity. They are both unreal. Tho play represents only such tumultuous scones as might flit aorcsa the imngl nation of a man, whoso brain ytub ih a condition of morbid activity. It is wild, . incoherent, and undefined. It resemb'-ca a troubled dream, in which pictures, beautiful, monstrous, terrible, and shapeless, are inharmonious!}- blended, and fiom which the sleeper wakes levered and nnrefreshed, and upon tbo recolleotion of which he dwells with reluc tance, bat the memory of which forces itself dis agreeably npon his waking hours. It differB from the sensation plays of tho present day, in having no central point upon which the attention of the audience might fix itself. It occasions a fo-llug of distraction and unreaf. ' There !b nothing cumulative- In tbo action, and the characters, though'nutnerous nnd distinct from each othor, aro not strongly marked by Individual peculiari ties. They are of tho conventional type, Ttiey do not assert themselves so determinedly as to haunt the imagina ion afterwards. And yet 'Tho Caet'.e Spectre' boa been a groat favourite in its time, and if its reproduction eervea no other purposo than to sliow too prcsen^ goncmuon what their elders delighted to See. li'.i not with out its nee. Moreover, the mocking spirit of tho timo hiis eadly disturbed the supremacy of .this class of plays, and perhaps the burlesque writers of this ago merit our thanks for having ridiculed into desuetude the artificial . sentiment, and nn naturat characters, which, in such lnrge measure, made up the dramas, of which the ono under consideration is an apt specimen. Ils purpose juBt now, however, is simply to servo for the ' vehitlo' in wliloli to administer the ghost, and thu; the audience cared very little either for characters or story; .' They went to see an apparition, and It mattered little to them what wcro the circumstanoes under which this disembodied person of the drama had. been con 'atruined to appear. It was'undcrstood that «ome-' body had been murdered many years previously';' and that tbo spirit of the murdered individual wandered about o' nights, terrifying tho Inmates of the Castle, and suggesting all sorts of explana tions for the ? mysterious disappearance of tho cistle's! lord and Indv sixteon years previously. And the solution of all the perplexity, occasioned by this ghoftt-walking, is arrived at only by degrees. The dramatis persona;, as well as tha audience, are, for a long time, puzzled to know. wbytlieEsrl doesnot 'appear' as well. as the Countess, for. they both disappeared at the f nine time, and it is very muoh of aBurpriie for every body, when a gentleman, in a Robin Hood sort of costume, unbosoniB himself, and confessos that this excellent member of the peeraieliad been confined in a dungeon all tho longtime that be had been missing, which sufficiently accounted, of course; for the fact of his not having done nny ghostly business. Tho canee of all tliiB chapter of miedeeda is the brother of the imprisoned Karl, who, for a leug time, appoars to saflor no remorse for his highly immoral conduct, but who bewails his ill-fortune, in having been the un successful suitor of tho lady whom his brother married, and whom he, tho usurper, slow, and who, as we have soon, is the unquiet spirit that wanders about tho onatlo. The usurping brother, in fact, 1b quits a Riobard tbo Third In p.ivate life, nnd,' to oomplete the paralKl, he makes lovo to Mb niece, wit h a determination to stand no refusal, and ho threatens his Imprisoned brother with annihilation if he persist in withholding his consent to the mutch. Apparent y, nothing le»s than the timely arrival of the ghost wou'd have been suftloient to detor him from putting his threat into execution So that the Rhoat enten, the had man is terrified into propriety, and even tually his lifo Is taken, in obedionee to thousnnl N'cmoslB of melodramatic Justice. All this, as we have said, the audience contemplated with a reasonable amount of patienoo, but with an obvious indifference to all tho characters, bhvo the ono, for whose bahoof all tho rest did duty. And thus it may bo Btiid that tho ghrst ia the ruling star of tbo time, and that thontrlcal spiritualism Is tho favourite study of tho hour. In contra-t with all tliii ia the comedy of 'The Gambler'aDaughter,' which wasp'ayodlastSatur day night. This piece belongs to the highly na'urnl school, and it deserves to enjoy a greater popu larity than it SPCms to posees.'. It la a history, niuone many such, whioh are to be found in real life. It puts into striking apposition oppoti o qualities existing in tho same porson, and tluiB recognises a truth which, although inoontistable beyond the power of refutation, if, lingularly enough, practically ignored by a great majority si writers. Human nature, Lko many othor compounl entities in tho world, is taado up of materials widely differing from eaoh othor, so that when, as in tliie ir.stau;e, wo 6»e »n afieotion nte anil doting father, who, in the d-mcalic ciro!e, In of impro.ithablt) habits, tlio proprietor of n gainiug houeo nnd Hie associate of abandoned characters, though ft may startle ns at firs*, thero is in reality nothing whoreat wo onght to be surprlsod. It is not tho rule, to ba euro, to meet with extreme exnnplea illustrating thU opposition of qualities, but anyone having even a moderate experience of the world's ways, can testify to the fact of their being readily found in overv community. The reticene, which U a part of tho social proprieties, prevents their being mndc manifest to everybody, but they aro to be louud by thosa who look for them, and the author of this play of 'Tho Gambler's Daughter'1 is manifestly ono of thoso who thus observe and rcfloct for themselves. Ho i* fortunate in that hid play has tho advautaga of bring so ably represented as it was Ust Saturday night. Miss Lockharl, as Mary Gray, was charmingly im pressive, und Uor impiossivencss waa simply (ho result of boing natural. The situation dmnandod more than ordinary dramatlo foroe, lint thoro aro .-.dresses who would have icprceented the force by violent declamation, MIsa I.ockhart's judg ment taught her better than to cjinmlt such an error as thU. Tho Tome she exhibited w»b that of intensity, and did not comist In mero loud ncu3 of vocal uttoronce. Much of tho power of her interpretation consls'ed in pbysio^nomlo expression. She postered tho ait of convoying her meaning very largely by means of facial movemout, and this, it mar be remarked incident ally, is a part of the histrionic art whose Import ance- is not so extensively recognised as it either might or ought to be. Nothing could be flnor, In an artiilio point of view, than tho aceno whtrciu she dlsoovera li-jr fatlnr in tho inidnt of bis vilo oompanioiid, pursuing a calling abhorrent to her nature, and in iho lost degree opposed to all the associations obe had coiiU6uto« with him. It Is lu scenes of th» bind, that Miss Liokhnit is peculiarly s.'icoesiul. Sho excol; in the portrayal of \a6 domestic emotions, tho dolioate light jind shade of which, |U« dopUU with the mott intelligent discernment. It Is to bo hoped tlatthestajof tbisTery acoompH«hcd aotreM in Helbourno ma; be a permanent one. FBIIOCM XHEAXHE. Mr. Fawcett'9 pity of' North and South' has hnd a fortnight's run, and its Attra.QllYen.QFS is as yet hardlv on tha'wano. During tho Week, the Adelphi drama, of '.'The Merchant tnd bis Clerks' lias .hien tl'9'opening picoo of the ovening. This, aa U tolorably well known, has somewhat of the Biniational about it, and so it fulfl's the require ments' of the pi cvailiog taste. It has not been rery frequently performed n Melbourne, so that this, the latest occasion of. its production, no doubt gives an opportunity for a qood many people to see it for the first time. It may be described as ft mixture of the so'rious, tho coinia, and the nefarious. There is a clerk of honest im pulsos, but who is given to sloop-walking. His master leaves in his charge ten thousand pounds —one, cannot see why be did not send it to the bjnk—nnd his anxiety is bo extreme for its safety, that bo has a fit ;of somnambulism, and comei down stairs to hide it in a bolo in the floo r of tho office. Ho forgcls, of course, whero be has put it, is accused ot nnving stolon It, and goes mad ia cohsequenco of being charged with tho theft. But, in another of his nocturnal ramlilcn, ho goes to ' plant' some other papers, and, being surprised by a fellow olerlfc who bap Koncu1 to bo CBCnplnj; from sonic. Bowalreetruuners, o awakes, recovers. tha ten thousand pounds, and his reason, and so establishes hia.inuocpnce, while the disreputable individual who had favoujed tbo notion of his having been the thief, is banded over to the police. Tho comic people consist of an acrobat and bis wife, and as these two individuals were severally personated by Mr. Fawcett and Miss Rose Edouin, it miy be concluded that very much genuine humour was displayed. The serious man — to' wit, tho iionefy 'n'.jtt.wisiiiinf olorlC~-wflS 111 tho Iiands of Mr. Creswick, who has lately returned to the Melbourne stage, after a long absence on the Roidflelds and other places of remote geography. This gentleman is a very useful member of any company, though just now he has gained a hoarsciieBS somewhere, which does not add to bis Sowers. Wo can only hopo that the condition of is vocal cords will be so far improved that his utterance will not be marred; and his acting consequently lessened of its legitimate effect. For a good round voica is a vast advantage. Many men owe their success in tho world to their deep sonorous voices, and success upon tho stage is not a little- aided by a well developed and healthy larynx. To-night tho old familiar pioco of 'Tom and Jerry' is to bo revived, and its performance is to' be specialised by the presence of come of the leading members ot. the ' fancy ' on the stage, so that a large attendance may be expected. On Monday thoro is to be a ghost. ' TIIEAXltE BOTAI, ; ; ' Ab You Liko It' is still running s prosperous career, [with ' TUc Young Widow ' ' for an after piece. , ' ? ' ; ? MoyiicciAt. Balla Ah AT.— Tha' HowBon family terminate their engagement at tho Royal to-night (Satur day). Xluiing the weok the operatta of 'Kato Kearnoy'Jias_been,.porlbrmed wltlimuch success, followed^y the farce of ,' Tho Lost Diamonds,' In whirhtbo principal characters were sustained by Me.-srs. Hosklns, Scarlo, Bvcrs, and Miss Carry George. . ?' ' .; J: BekDIQO.— Mr. and Mrs, Charles Billon havo just concluded a first-rate engagement at tho Lyceum, prior to their departure for Adelaide. . Castlestaine.— Miss 'Anna Maria Quinn con- ? tlnucs to draw fair houses at the Royal ; she is supported by Mr. Seymour and others. Gree,o:;g.— Tlio CorioBramatio Society, with tho assistance of Madamo Gordon Hyde and Mrs. A'Deckett Evan, gave a performance at tlio R .yd on Wednesday, in aid of tho poor-box. ' ' !TlB«CEH,A.)»EOlJ«i . ; ? AVb aro sorry to beat from Adclaido that Mr. Jifferson is suffering from ill-healtb. TukCamvdei.l Minstrels finUm a success ful engagement tbU' ovbning at the AJbambra. They open next week at Geclong, and will them;;. proceed to Bendigo, - Mil. | Aifft islits; Ciuules: Kban.— Thoso popular actors, togethor .with an efficient company, are, in all probability, at the present lime, oh their w»y for Australia) the intention of Mr. and Mrs. Kean, at tho date of tbe depar ture of tbe Euglish mail, being to quit tho old country, hy the now steamer, tho Victoria, during the month of July. Wo hope soon to wolcouic these world-famed artistes lo tho shores of Australia! ? . ? ? :'? ? 