SLAUGHTERING CATTLE IN BUENOS AYltES. (FROM SOUTH AMERICAN SKETCHES. 1IY THOMAS WOODBINE HINC1ILIFF, M.A., F.JI.U.K.) A few days after my arrival at Buenos Ayrcs, I was taken by a friend to sco somo of tho Saladeros nnd Barracas a littlo beyond the southern ex tremities of the city. The saladeros are enormous establishments in which the cattlo are slaughtered for tlieir hides and tallow, and their flesh is con verted iuto jerked beef ; the barracas are store houses for produce. On approaching this district there were plenty of indications of the trade in dead beasts. In ono place was a vast heap of what I at first imagined must be gigantic mussel- shells, but they soon proved to be hoofs ; a littlo farther tho land was protected from the encroachments of the Riachuelo river by a wall composed of thousands of skulls of cattle patched with sods of turf. Largo and fierce dogs in great numbers lurked about in corners, licking their lips after somo dainty bit of offal surreptitiously walked off with, aud looking as if thoy would soon tako to the legs of a visitor if their natural snpplies wero curtailed. Countless seagulls, surfeited with their filthy breakfast, wero lazily trying to digest it on the land which thoy whitened with their presenco, now nnd then whirl ing about for a few moments, as if shaking themselves to make room for a fresh supply of garbage. Presently wo saw a mighty cloud of dust, whence came a sonnd liko muffled thunder, mixed with screams and wild yells. Stand clear ! get out of tho way ! here comes a drove of about a thousand cattlo from the country to be slaughtered nt the soladero's. Not with the deco rous inarch of Smithfield, come theso devoted beasts — quito another stylo of thing, and well worth seeing. Four or five peons, or drivers, in brilliant ponchos of red, blue, and yollow, ride in front at full gallop, cracking their whips, and screaming to ono auother, whilo you gladly dru'r up near tlio wall to gat out of the way, as they chargo towards you. Close at their heels comes tho wholo herd, heads down and tails up, going at their maddest speed, encouraged thereto by more peons at their sides. On they go, thundering through the cloud of dust, and at last the made lino is ended by another set of peons all shouting and urging on the wild race in such a stato of whip-crack- j ing excitement, that even a calm spectator feels tho spell, and is almost ready to give up his soul to tho possession of the galloping ghost of Mazeppa. Half stifled with dust wo went on our way to the sala deros, where wo wero to seo the completion of bovine uosiiny, ana arrived mere aoout a quarter oi an hour bofore the slaughter commenced. About 800 baasts had been driven into a corral or enclosure, mado of strong posts nearly a foot thick, ono sido of which towards the yard tapered off into a kind of funnel about six feot wide, which was crossed by a strong bar with an iron pully in it. This was ap proached by a small tramway, upon which travelled a truck large enough to carry two of the animals at tho samo timo, and ranuing parallel to tho slaugh tering platform; which was of grent size, and gently inclined towards tho gutter made for car rying off tho blood. Groups of darkvi saged meu and lads wero chattering gaily as they sharpened their knives, and the chief exocuti ncr stood by his post, somewhat raised over tho bar and pulley. The pulley was traversed by a rope of the cnstoinary raw hide, ouo end of which terminated in the lasso or noose running on a ring of iron, und the other eud was attached firmly to two horses standing saddled in tho open yard. Tho time had come ; two gaily dressed peons, with tho unfailing cigarette in their mouths, jumped lightly into the saddles of tho two horses, casting a Parthian glance behiud to see if all was right ; tho infantry wore ready, knife in hand, and the work of death began. The buteher in-chief gathered up his lasso and with practised eye selected two boasts whoso heads wero in sufficiently closo proximity to be en tangled in a single cast. He swung it two or threo times round his head, aud in a moment tho four horns wero firmly gripped with unerring accu racy. At a signal from him tho two horsemen spurred their steeds into a plunge forwards for about twenty yards with tho other end of tho rope, and instantly tho poor brutes wero dragged forwards till their heads were jammed hard against tho bar with the pulley. Then the executioner stoops, and with two quiet thrusts with his knifo divides the spine a little behiud the horns ; he casts loose the noose from their heads, aud two corpses fall heavily on . the truck which is ready to receivo them ; the truck is rapidly wheeled to tho platform, and another rope attached to a horao is fastened to a fore log of each ; a touch of tho spur, a violent jerk, and the bodies are twitched off tho truck and de puaiusu uu L1.-J jJUUlUCJl! 1-1U1 uieu uuano uiusc iu a.~ gutter, whilo tho trunk is sent back, for more victims. Two men soizo on cach, and cut their throats ; tho hide is taken off with inconceivable skill and rapidity ; knives glance, nnd with light, but marvellously accurate touoli, the head aud limbs disappear. In about fivo minutes tho animal is literally gone to pieces, vanished Imost beforo ho has doue kicking. The hide is hung up iu one placo ; tlio legs are on different hooks ; the good meat is hung in huge slabs to cool upon long railings ; and tho bony structure is carried off to tho steaming vats. Meanwhilo tho fatal lasso is thrown again and again with horrible monotony, and tho wholo platform is covered with animals lying to pieces so quickly that you cannot follow the operation. In a moderate day's work the whole eight hundred will bo disposed of in this way. I never saw so disgusting a sight, and could not holp thinking as I watched those wild-looking men, how quickly they might have turned us into un recognisable jerked beef and candles for exporta ? tion. Vast quantities of mares are slaughtered for tho sake ef thoir hides and grease ; but tho method of oxecution is different, as they are killed with a blow of n heavy hammer ou tho skull. Nobody in the whole continent would think of riding a mare, ho all are killed exccpt thoso requirod for tho purpose of breeding. Thousands upon thousands of seagulls fatten on tlic3o scenes of slaughter, and find a paradiso in what must bo the infernal regions of tho noble quadrupeds. Tht; Silkworm. — We (Delhi Gazette) loarn, with much regret, that tho disease which was found so materially to affect tho silkworm in France and j Italy some fivo or six years ago is still threatening that important staple with serious results, and that various measures are being adopted to introduce new and healthier races from tlio East, in tho hope that tho disease mav thus be checked or nntivnlr re moved. An Italian deputation is now in Japan, v.'honco they propose conveying silkworm eggs to Europe via Siberia. Another visited Turkey and Persia last year, especially Georgia nnd Mazen deran ; thero they wero delighted to find no exist ing disease, and are this year to endeavor to reach Bokhara via Oxeubourg, if they can. A third is now on its way to Cashinoro to see what can bo dono there, and great hopes are entertained that this will be tho most successful in its researches, if the Maharajah makes no opposition. Dr. Carlo Orio, of Malin, is at the head of the latter depu tation, and passed up through theso jirovinces on his way to the Punjab a few days since. Pastoral Amusements. — Thero is a well-known story of the gardenor of Iuvorkeithiug and the Rev. Ralph Erskiue, of Duufermlino. Tho gardouer de sired to have tho ordinance of baptism administered to liis child, but having differad with his parish minister, whom lie accused of worldliness, ho ro solved to solicit tlio services of tho pastor of an ad joining parish. Reaching that clergyman's manso, accompanied by his wife carrying tho baby, ho in quired whether tho minister was nt home. Ho was informed by tho maidservant that the minister was a-lishing, but that ho would certainly return very soon. ' Ho may como hamo when he likes,' said tho gardouer, ' but nae fishing minister shall bap teeao my bairn !' Tho party proccodod to another manso, but tho incumbont was, according to tho story, ' oot shooting.' ' 'Nao Bhootin minister' would suit the enraged gardener, who now proposed that his spouse should accompany him to ' guid Master Ralph Erskino at Dnnformliue, who,' ho added, 'I'so warrant, will be better employed than in fishin1 or shootin'.' As tho wanderers approachod Mr Erskino's residence, they heard the notes of a violin, and the distressed gardenor at onco concluded that the reverond gentle man was from homo. ' The minister's no at hame, I seo,' said ho addressing Mr Erskine's servant. 'The minister is at hame,' said tho girl, 'and dinna ye hear '! — he's takin' a tnno till himsel' on tho fidillo ; he taks a tune ilka e'enin'.' The gardener was almost frantic with disappointment and vexa tion. ' Could I hao believed it,' exclaimed ho, ' that Maistor Ralph Erskino wad play on tho fiddlo !' Ho was somewhat relieved by learning that Mr Erskino did not uso the ordinary instrument, but the violincollo — 11 tho big gaucy fiddlo !' ' But,' ho added, 'I maun admit- that oor ain minister, though wrang in somo things, is bettor than tho lave o' them; for he neither fishes, nor shoot;, uor plays the fiddle.' — Scotsman, 