VICTORIAN MEMS. Some clinngc is about to take placc in the proprietary of tlie Economic Bank, nnd new vitality imparted to it. VohaveheardtlienamcsofMr. J. Mackenzie, Mr. n. Murphy, Mr. Caldwell and other influential persons spoken of as likely to impart conGdenco to tho shareholders aud depositors. The Geeln-ag Advertiser says that a weekly newspaper, to be called tho Bivcriuc Herald, is annouueed to be publinned at Ecliuca, on the 1st July. As its title imports, it will be an organ of the movement at Dcniliquin in favor of separation and independcnco, and is suspected to bean offshoot of the Pastoral Times. A Bocond newspaper is also mentioned, tho project of some gentlemen lately connected with the Ovens . Constitution. There m.HM may mbv be Li room Minm for 4"nr both, hnth. for it is undeniable that attention IB bang called to the importance of Ecliuca, and the completion of the railway will no doubt tcud to make it a flourishing inland town. Since Mr. Parkca propounded the theory that a great impediment to emigration from tlie United Kingdom to New South Wales lay in the name of the colony, a mania for changing names has also afflicted our South Australian neighbors. South Australia, it is arguod, is a misnomer, Victoria is farther south, and confusion of ideas on the part of folks et home is the natural result. One suggestion is that tho colony shall be called "Adelaide," and the city " Alexandra, " Port Adelaide" to be changed into " Soutliaven" or "Hartspool." We thinWtas wolTto leavo all the names as they are. If Londoners had a similar mania for changing names of streets no longer appropriate or descriptive, scarcely a blind alley but would have to be re-b»ptised. About sixteen influential squatters and others interested in pastoral pursuits have held a meeting at Messrs. Goldsbrough's stores, Market street Melbourne the principal objcct of which seemed to be the consideration of the draft of a petition intended to be presented to the New South Wales Government relative to the movement in favor of the establishing an independent territory, to be known as Biverinc Australia. Sliis petition was generally approved of. It was also deemed expedient, before the appointment of a paid secretary was confirmed, that due inquiry Bhould be made, not only as regarded the qualifications of the applicant, but also in relation to his antecedents. There is evidently a desire that the present agitation should be conducted on fair and equitable terms, and no favoritism shown to any particular candidate. Barristers and other professional gentlemen aspire to the office, hut as votes by proxy arc now presumed to be admissible, there can be littlo doubt that the eligibility even of those who fancy they have a friend „ court will bo most critically canvassed. The additional 1 Bum of £/300 was ti-nq subsub scribed, and no doubt can now exist as to the legili- rnacy of the agitation. The recent action of tho New ( South Wales Government has only tended to strengthen the -sinews of war, and any failure that a may result from tho present movement cannot oe attributed to the lack of funds. The dignified attitude assumed by the aggrieved may induce some little delay in regard to the concessions thot will probably be offered by the New South Wales Parliament, but justice must now be done, or separation is inevitable. There is estrange rumor on CaTfipbell's Creek of a mysterious nocturnal visitor at tho Ajax claim, Bolivia Reef. It may he recollected that, eoine tnne ago, a poor fellow "named Coombs, a shareholder in the company, and a remarkably t»U athlctic mail, was suddenly killed by a fall of rock in the mine. The story runs that a few nights since the apparition of the deceased appeared to another member of the company, while in a stable on the claim. The latter, a total abstainer and a very steady person, was too frightened t o speak, and requested two or liis mates to watch lum on the following night. Whether at the orthodox hour of midnight or not, we ore unable to say, hut at a moment between Burnet and cock-crow the phantom wa8 0"<iin discovered by two of the sentinels, the other'one failing to detect the unearthly visitant. It is said, moreover, that tho advent of the spirit was heralded t)v a cat, which, on being shot, underwent several metamorphoses, till it finally assumed the outlines ol' a superhuman form. Unless the vision was entirely tlie creation of an excited imagination, it is probable the affair has grown out of a mischiovious practical joke. The topic, however, is evidently one among the men on thereof. Eminentpoets, divines, and philosophers in the old world have believed that ghosts do walk the cavlh after they have " shuffled off this mortal toil," but the ono on the Bolivia Reef is the first we have ever heard of on the goldfldds.— 3T. A. Mail The Daylexford Express, in a leader upon the unseemly squabble in tbe Assembly, suggests tlie following for the benefit of Mr. Ireland ;—"Let liim introduce a bill to restrain the liccntousncss of speech. Let it be enacted that every member of parliament shall find sureties, the metropolitan in the sum of £700, and the country members £500 each, to keep -within tbe rules of decent debate. Let. each of the names of the sureties be referred to the protliouotary for inquiry ond afterwards published in the Gazette, failing in which cach member to be liable to a penalty of £100, or six month's imprisonment. We think we have heard of a bill of this kind being applied to the licentiousnoss of the press, aud Mr Ireland may immortalise himself if by a similar measure, he can compel Mr. Wood and other members to bo ordinarily civil towards each other. The President of the Board br tanfl anS Works, notifies in the Qazrtte of Wednesday night, that as the number of leases tliat can be issued in any one year under the 47th section of the Land Act, 1862, is restricted to ono hundred, aid as the number of applications received during the current year greatly exceeds this limit, no more such applications can he entertained until further notice. Cost Or ToENCniNC.—According to a leading article in the •Gcelmiq Aitrertiser of Monday last, there must be some wonderful^'vineyard trenchcrs in thai locality. 1 lint journal Tay5, - unices the soil.be very heavy, a laborer with pick and-slMivcl turn it" (a qunrter of an aerc of land) " up jv,r ^ depm'oi 18 iuelips by a week's work." Here, band JJ^jA comes to £30 to £36 per acre, aud by Meam f 16. ,'f „GecfonK laborereanln-i.rhaquHrter of an Iicre In a ^ Sll J ™ ^ work to do, as there arc numerous nncsfrowe . i „„„ 'ar0UU J d us who would -ri ve doub c wages to do it i u tu ice the I y;':.,,"^!,,. im>.«?w_,. did.don't ... know where — Ills mttincs would o u e t i he might not cxpectto seethe sparkling rosy under three seasons. Our coutcmponiry, althouf li wislilul to promote Vtucgrowing, must got better up in Jilsfaots. .TUVRKII.T, Fectivai..—As ono portion -oi tlie marriage celebration on Thursday next, it lias been alrangal tliat the children arc Jo meet at the several schools iu ttrae to assemble at. tile Court-House,;.nt 1 o'clock, whun a nror.essiou will be formed. A Committee will provide the banuors tuid rosettes, but the children \rfU lie Invited to bring eundrv Small liars, and to wear red and white sashes iu "honor of the event. A march will lie made afc far as'tlie IJiiion Store at one end of the-town and S sift- street at the wilier About three hundred children arc expected, nnil the chlldroii ol Wodonga have been invited to join. The children arc then to return to the Court -House, where provision is to be made for supplying- refreshments, and" wc Loir that a sum of £60 has been colloeted to delray the been suspended, but till the Government have act*d ou Captain Mayne's report.Ihc particulars orthe investigation will not be inadc taioivn. AMttniv Mvmcipai. Council —A special meetinc was held vestcrday afternoon, at which the Mayor was re- minted to prepare ail address for prcseutation to Mr. Itobcrtstm. -en M> arrival- A report from the VuUK Works Committee was received, and on the motion ol Alderinan Solomon, without notice, the sum or f 20 wnt vot«i from tlie Slumctpul tunds which It was understood was to be expended on Thursday next in bonfires and fireworks if procurable. Toe Riverine Distcict.—The monthly meeting of the Council-of the Riverine Association was hold at Dcniliquin ou Tucsdav last The appointment of a Scrrctary to tlie Oonueil wa't postponed to tlie ;th duly, in order to enable absent subscribers to vote by proxy, and mike a earetul bmutrvlnto the merits of caeii candidate One hundred and twVutv applications received, which will be forwarded to Melbourne, accompanied by testimonials, for the luspec- Xion of members of the Council. Meantime, Mr. Uobcrtson continues to act as iiou secretary. 