BRITISH AND F0KK1GX EXTRACTS, j The Rev. C. II. Spurgeon prcaeheil ! two sermons at the Tabernacle, London,- on Sunday, on behalf of the distressed Lancashire operatives. Notwithstand- ing the unfavourable state of the weather the building was filled on both oceasious Collections were made at t.ho close of each sermon, and the sutn contributed amounted to £713 Gs. 9d. A good deal of gossip and some con sternation prevailed in fashionable circles on Thursday, in consequence of the ilis- eovery of au elopement, which took plaee on Saturday, the 1st iustant. The young lady is daughter of a gentleman of aristocratic position, and resided in the vicinity of Eaton-square. She had a young man named M attending her as a music nnd singing master. An at tachment wa3 mutually formed, the parties mot by appointment at the Victoria Station, proceeded to Dover, and embarked for the Continent. The lady, it is said, possesses a fortune of £5000 in her own right. She is 2G years of age, and very handsome. The young gentleman is 24. Two odd advortisements appeared in Saturday's London papers — one from the executor, of a deceased medical man, offering to sell a "mummy's head," war- rautcd to be 2102 years old ; and another from an enterprising individual, who wishes to dispose of a collection of foreign postage-stamps, including those of the Government of the Sandwich Islands (I), for which he has the modesty to ask £50. What pleasure or profit people can find in accumulating old postage-stamps ha9 hitherto' been a mystery. Surely no one out of Bedlam will be found to give five farthiutis, much less £50, for a collection of old stamps only one degree less worthless than .Mr. Chase's famous "green-backs." The Birmingham Daily Post says : Some excitement was caused here on Thursday, by a report that the steamers leaving Liverpool this week for America had declined to tako out tho numerous packages of small arms, which, for some months, have formed no inconsiderable part of their cargoes. Whether the re port had its origin 'in the caution of brokers, or tho apprehension of the owners of the steamers, excited in both eases by the numerous Southern cruisers that are roving about in search of .Northern property, we have not been able to ascertain, but there seems no reusou to doubt that a cjieek has been given to tho shipment of these articles. The completion of the contracts on the 1st November has also greatly affected the activity of the trade. Our corres pondent adds, that it was stated in Birmingham on Friday, that 500 packages containing arm!) hud been 10- moved from on board tho Etna. Of . course, if the -export of guns is to bd thus stopped, it must have an important effect not only on tho trade of Birming ham, but upon tho war ; already the " outsiders " who are engaged in the manufacture of small arms, arc feeling the effect of this embargo on the ship ping, tho contracts expiring ou the 1st November not having been renewed. The accounts received by tho West African mail, speak of new atrocities by tho Kiug of Dahomey. Preparations were in progress for a human sacrifice on a larger scale than any that has yet taken plaee. It is certainly carrying tho doctrine of non-intervention to a ridiculous extent, to permit such in human atrocities as those perpetuated by his Majesty of Dahomey. A womau who got into tho parlia mentary train either at Gloucester- or Cheltenham, on .- Thursday evening week, was observed to leave it. hurriedly at Cleave Station. When the train I i left Ashohurcb it was disiMVoro.-l that I ( she had left a matting basket under the I I seat, which, on being opened, was found i to contain a fine child, apparently only i two or three days old. The excitement caused by this discovery was extreme Mrs. Beck, the wife of the station i master", kindly took charge of tho poor innocent, aud carefully conveyed it. to i the workhouse, aud the polieo imme diately put on the alert to find the mother. As yet their efforts have been ineffectual.— Woi'ccster Chronicle. A man named Joseph Wilmore, the conductor of the omnibus that plies betweeu the Bell Hotel, Leicester, ytul the Leicester .Station, has iu-t become possessed of a fortune of £lb,U00. T'ue Times lately received from a spe cial correspondent who has made his way to the Southern capital the following graphic description of the state of affairs in the Confederate States. The o»m- nimrieation is dated Richmond, October ' S : — The upshot of the present system of ! restoring the Union will readily suggest itself to the reader. I have- travelled far and wide through Virginia; I have conversed with men, women, and children in that State and in Maryland ;' I have seen racu, formerly substantial and thriving, whoso everything lias been de voured by the Federals ; but never in one single instance have I heard a word of regret by reason of the war, a timid note sounded in regard to its issue, a I sigh breathed over the departed Union, a ghost of a desire expressed in favour of ! compromise aud reconstruction. On the contrary, one universal chorus echoes through the length and breath of the land, "The net is broken, and we are delivered !" Air. Everett and his vota ries, who still believe in imprisoned loyalty as existing in tho South, might as well search in the British islands for a man who desired them to be unnexed ; to France. So united, so homogeneous a community, as the States of the South ern Confederacy finds no parallel in our own annals. No war that England has waged for a hundred years has met with such cordial, uuanimous, undivided sup port. The war against the French Republic hud it.s Charles Fox ; the war ngainst Russia had its Richard Gnbduii. There is no such character in the South ern Slates. The victory of the Feder als in this exasperated struggle means, not the defeat of the Southern ar.mics — not tho possession of Richmond, Charles ton, Savannah, Alubile, and New Orleans, which would no more lead to a conclusion of the war than the seizure of the Isle of Alan. A Federal victory means nothing but the extermination and annihilation of every man, woman, and child iu the Southern Confederacy. There is no pa-siou, no frenzy in the universal language. The iulcusity of the hate flushes the cheek and clinches the teeth, but finds little expression iu feeble words. If anything, tho exube rance of animosity is more perceptible in the flashing eyes aud eager earnestness of tho women; but the unconquerable firmness of tlio men requires nothing to be added to it. The possibility of Richmond's falling is calmly discussed, and preparations have been made for sueh a contingency. Surprise is ex pressed that tho Federals have not long ago possessed themselves of several Southern cities as well as New Oi leans. The possession of a capital city in theso days of railroads is a very different thing from what it used to be in the days of Wagrara and Jena. Great suffering might be inflicted upon women and chil dren if Alobile and Charleston fell ; suf fering which there is only" too much reason to fear would bo most aeeeptable to tho Federals, judging from tho re cord of their deeds during this last year and a half. But every considerable city in the South might he reduced to ashes without changing the mood or under- miuiug the resolution of the feeblest heart, if auy feeble heart there be, in the Southern confederacy. A farmer named Donoho'e, who resided near Tallow, in tho Queen's County, put an cud to his life, in a very singular mantier on the 25th October. He was discovered in' a lifeless state, with a por tion of Iris body forced into a gully, a short distance from his dwelling, with his bauds behind his back, and in such a position as to leave, no doubt whatever of iris having committed self-destruction. A decree had been recently given airuinst hitn for a sum of money due by a person for whom he was surety, and this is sup posed to have preyed on his mind and produced insanity. The Archbishop of Tuam has refused to let his name appear on the committee of tho O'Gonnell statue. The archbishop wants O'Counell to be honoured simply as an emancipator of the Catholics and a Repealer. He " declares fur the priest hood aud people of tho West that not ouc penny'will come to Dubliu from beyond tho Shannon unless the pretence of 'civil aud religious liberty, be wholly discard ed." To use his own words, " The bold figure and noble lineaments of tbe Original" must ho left unimpaired " iu all the majesty aud vigour of its genuine national proportions." The Earl of Rosso is to be Chancellor of the University of Dublin, iu tho room of the late Lord Primate. The Lord Justice of Appeal has gracefully retired, that one of the greatest as tronomers of the ago, and of the greatest living ornaments of science, be elected without oppo=itiou. It is true this University is not his Alma Alater, and that was an objection, but, if that was a fault, it was his father's not his. He is, however, himself arnotig the few Irish noblemeo who allow their sous to be educated in tho Dublin University. The Scotch papers report an accident which, although it involved only one life, contains all the elements of tragic horror : — The cornet, belonging to the late Islo of Whithorn, with about sixty tons of coal on board, put iuto the harbour of Garliestown iu eonsequonce of a head wind. From the low tides, and tho hour at which she made the harbour, she took the ground on a sand- bauk at a short distance from the quay. Next day, about noon, as. tho ticlo was fluwing, five men were engaged iu dock- ng the vessel, when a person standing j hi th-! quay observed that she was about j to heel over. He forthwith gave .an ilarm, anil four out of the five, by means :,f this timely warning, succeeded in keeping clear; the fifth, a uian named William Loch, u labourer, residing in Garliestown, was not so fortunate, his movements having been impeded by the soft, adhesive sludge on which he was standing; he was eaugnt by the hull of the vessel as it went over, the bulwarks resting on his loins, leaving his head, arms, aud the upper part of his body free. The critical nature of his situation was at once seeu. The fast-flowing tide . of this coast was coming in rapidly, aud it was known that the prostrate body would he submerged in the course of an hour if the superincumbent weight of the vessel could not he shifted from pressing upon the poor sufferer. Iu the course of a few minutes nil the seamen, curpcutors, aud ableboJied men in Gar- liostown were upon the spot, aud every effort was made by means of blocks, and wedges, and ropes, to. lift the vessel a few inches and rescue poor Loch from her tenacious grasp. All these, alas, were in vain, and by the time the salt water reached the prostrate prisoner, it was evident that his fate was sealed. The seeuc which ensued was truly piti able and most heartrending ; it was i witnessed by a large number of speela- j tors, among whom there was hardly a ! dry eye, aud who wero hushed into | solemn silence hy the sad and impressive I event. At this period tho lie v. Thomas j Young, of tho Congregational Church, walked into tho water beside tho drown ing uian, engaged in prayer, and drew his attention to thoughts befitting the sudden and inevitable change await ing him. His last words to his companions were, " Oh, tako off my vest . and cover my head, so that I may not see tho water." Au effort was made to do this, but the gar- ineut could not be removed, aud his face was covered with a napkin, just us the tide was rising around him. In tho coins.: of a few minutes after this the cold green waves covered the body, an/1 the sorrowing crowd dispersed, their sorrow being the deeper becauso. they were obliged to look on the fatal flow of tho tide with helpless glances. This sad oecurrcncc iu our lovely bay has east a gloom over the inhabitants of Garliestown. No more mournful sceue has been witnessed on our coast since the drowning of the Wigtown martyrs in the waters of the Bladnooh. A public breakfast took plaee on the 29th October in the Hopetoun Rooms, Edinburgh, at whujh the Rev. Dr. Caud- ltsb, principal elect of the Free Church College there, was presented by tho Earl of Dalhousie, in the name of tho sub scribers to tho testimonial, with a deed of trust vesting the sum of £5000 iu be hoof of himself and family, and a deposit receipt for £530. There was at tlio same time presented, as part of the same gift-, by the Rev., Dr. Guthrie, moderator of the Free Church Assembly, a piece of plate, value £120. Tho tribute was paid, by a great number of the Free Church clergymen and laymen, as a mark of esteem, admiration and gratitude for the services rendered by the rev. doctor " to the interests of Christ's crown and kingdom, both in his defence of the principles and conduct of the affairs of the Free Clmrcli of Scotland." The clergy of the Free Church of Scot land aro paid in tho first plaee by an equal division of the " Sustentation Fund," the annual dividend from which is about £130 per annum; it is open to the congregations to supplement, which the congregations of tlio towus in most cases do pretty handsomely. Tho gift now mado to Dr. Candlish is equal to forty years' stipend from the Sustenta tion Fuud, which in many cases forms the single source of inoome of Free Church ministers. About three years ago a testimonial of still higher value, being above £7000, was presented to the late Rev. Dr. Cunningham, also an ominent Free Church leader, whose office, as Principal of tho Free Church College, Dr. Candlish has been appointed to fill. The London correspondentof n Dublin paper, writes : — " Irishmen are. prover bial for coming over to our side of the water, and earryiug off our .wealthiest heiresses, and your talented member for tho county Louth, Air. Chichester For- teseue, seems inclined to keep up the system. The able Under-Secretary for tho Colonies will, in a few days, lead to tho altar Frauoes Countess Dowager of AYaldegrave, who, in addition" to un bounded popularity in society, enjoys tho largo estates of her second husband, the late earl, amounting, it is bedieved, to something like five-aud-tweuty thou sand a year." The last day of the Exibition, Satur day, November 15, passed off unmarked ny any particular event. There was an unusually largo attendance of visitors for the sale days — upwards of 13,000 in all — a greater number than on any pre vious occasion siuce the selling off of the goods commenced. The total number admitted during tho fortnight was very tuucli less t.ian had been anticipated, a whole week reeordiug no more than the meagre attendance of a bad shilling day. In round numbers, the visitors were each week 45,000, hriugiug tho gross total of ali admitted since the cnimnciice- ineut up to 0,207,450, or 177,000 more than the numbers of 1851, which were 0,030,135. So far the display may be said to have dono tolerably well, and, though tho receipts on admissions during the sale days did not realise even moderate expectations, " there is," says the Times, " not the least reason to doubt that the money now in hand will cover all outlays, and no call of any kind will he made on the guarantors. A small surplus, however, would have been a most gratifying adjunct to this success, inasmuch as it would have enabled the commissioners to reward as they wished the zealous and most hearty services of their very bard-worked but ill-paid staff." We ubscrve, however, thai at the uicot- uf the Society of Arts, last Wednesday, Nov. 19, when Sir C. W. Dilko was pre sent, Sir Thomas Phillips said in his opening address: — " I cannot detail with any precision the financial results of the Exhibition, but I understand tlio money paid fur admission on this occasion ha9 amounted to £-109,000, whilst the re ceipts in 1851 wore £!"23,79'2, including iu each instansa the payment for season tiekot3." Tho work of dismantling has already commenced and is going vigor ously forward. On a day in, January, not yet fixed, the Priuoo of Wales will, as we lormcrly mentioned, distribute the medals to the successful exhibitors, aud it is said there will he nn attempt to light the buildiug with a view to a fete by gaslight after tho distribution. Th ere is some talk of tho building being sold for a terminus of the West London Railway, but as yet nothing has been decided. The Liverpool Journal of Commerce has received information that tho British steamer Autona, 'taking ammunition on hoard at Cork, has been stopped by order of . the British Government., ou the ground that the supplies of powder, &c; , were iutendeil for the Southern Confe deracy. Tlie same journal has reason to believe that dispatches havo been re ceived, remonstrating with the British Govcrnmeut for allowing on previous oee.isious privateers aud vessels laden with ammunition, &c.;, to bo built and fitted out in British ports. A fearful and fatal explosion took plaee about 12 o'clock ou too 25th of October at the Royal Gunpowder Alills, Ballin- eollig, about six miles from Cork, 'on tiio southern bank of the Lee. It occurred in a department called the dryiug-house, a small building divided iuto three rooms, the central one containing a steam-engino which drives the ma chinery. Tnorc were about 30 barrels of powder iu this house. Three uicu, named Leary, Uailissy, and Leahy, wero about the premises at the time — Hallissy drying the powder, Leahy iu a boat iu tho adjacent river, and Leary engaged in tiic engine-room. The explosiou blew the baildiDg completely to atoms, yot Leary, tho man who was iu the eugine- room, and who at that instant was sit ting ou the boiler, was found shortly after the accident stuuned, indeed, hut, with the exception of a slight bruise on Ills forehead, otherwise uninjured. The body of llailissy was found buried be neath tho ruins of the building ; his chest had been crushed, and life was quite extinct. The body of the third man, Leahy, has not yet been found. Gauibaldi's I'oor Feet. — There is a great hubbub amongst the British Gari- haldiaus with rcfureuce to Dr. Partridge's "little bill "of £0S0 (aud travelling expenses paid), for proceeding to Spezzia aud inve.tigaiing the condition of Gari baldi's foot. That important member is likely to cost a gooliy sum, if only one doctor out of the fifteen looking after it receive £080 for a few day's duty. Wo suspect the lender-hearted British public — .vlioao anxieties the Alaguotic Tele graph Company endeavour to assuage by by daily telegrams about the foot, its twinges, its swellings, its bandages, and its pains — will consider it a very ruin ous affair jf not soon healed. The Morn ing Advertiser has given forth the most iuoignant denunciation of Dr. Partridge aud his bill. Nearly £700 is, no doubt, a heavy sum to pay one doctor, out of fifteen, for dressing a sore foot — a cut on the ankle about as serious as oue which might be received while bathing, by a scrape against tne rocks. But it was uoeessary to make a great uffair out of the event. Ridicule should be averted. Fifteen doctors, and one sent all the way from Loudon, would give an air of seini- tragie solemnity to the "foot" business. Alcssages, letters, and bulletins were is sued in language that suggested ludi-, | crous irony. " The illustrious patient I passed a good night. His foot disturbed I irirn slightly about two o'clock. The small toe pains him a little J" Did tho Loudon Committee expect Dr. Partridge to play the part assigned him iu this arrant comedy without fee or charge? When, tlicy agreed aud settled upon tho fee before ever ho started, did they, meanwhile, intend never to pay, it? They have had the " grand moral effect " of his special mission — they have banked the funds collected by sueh a clever device — and now they want to cheat the doctor by crying out : — " Aleanndss ! Shame ! Would you ohargo us £GS0, aud it all for Garibaldi's poor foot?" It seems to us that the Garibaldian Com mittee of Loudou have made this radical mistake : they appear to imagine that a cause like theirs should command de votion and sacrifice like that displayed daily in the cause of Catholicity. With all the medical men of England to cliooso from, a charge of £080, and travelling expeuses, mado by England's represents-' tive physician at the Garibaldiau's bed side iu Spezzia; £0S0 for a fortnight's services — bargained for, sigued, sealed, delivered, aud " guaranteed," before a foot was stirred. Let us inform the Garibaldian Committee of Loudon (by way of contrast with a moral in it), that when tho Catholic Committee of Dublin required a medical man to proceed to Italy as surgeon in sole attendance on tho sick and wouuded soldiers of Pio Nono, an Irish Cutbolio gentleman — holding a commission as surgeon in a British regiment — sprang forward; not bargaining about charge or pay incut — not stipulating for suroty or guarantee — but freely offering himself for the duty aud at tho risk of the sacrifice — the punishment that ultimately befel him for it. That duty' he discharged amidst the persons of Genoa, the barracks and the transport ship. At Rome, at Loghoru, at Paris, at Alarseilles, where- ever the wouuded Irish soldiers of the faith lay iu hospital, barrack monastery, that Irish surgeon sought them out. The Boy-hero Furoy, aud the out less youthful aud heroic Power — shattered and maimed fgr'iife on'thc bloody battle fields of Perugia aud Casteliidardo — commenced his watchful sei vices through out months of convalescence, wherein he was not only their physician, but their faithful comrade aud friend. The only " fee," payment, or reward, that surgeon received, was dismissal from -his com mission in the British Service. " No re ward" — have we said? Wc err. fit has the reward he valued most, and most expected : the pride a Catholic feels in having dared something, having sacri ficed and lost, in the cause of faith. Wo make a present of those few simple facts to the Garibaldiau's Committee of Lon- dou. They may aid them in moralising over the charge of £080. Every tree bears its own fruit Every cause ex hibits its own men. Let English Garibal- dians' piy Dr. Partridge Iris stipulated fee; Irish Catholics will give Dr. N. C. Why to at least tho sole reward ho looked for at their hands — Uie verdict of his own nation, ' that, in a moment of peril and difficulty, when the honour of Ire land was to he upheld, and the Chair of Peter to ho defended, ho did his duiy as an Irishman and a Catholic. — Momina Xews. 