THE appointment of a committee to inquire into the state of the Works Department is an act of virtue on the part of the Assembly equally grateful and surprising. There was little a priori reason to entertain any hope of such.a triumph. The manner in which the so-called investigation into the doings ol the clerks had been conducted sufficiently showed that Mr. ARNOLD was prepared to go any length in defence of his department. After all due allowance for exaggeration was madei it waa abundantly clear that the condition of the department in that respect called for a stringent and impartial examination^ No one can suppose that a systematic neglect of duty, carried to the most reckless extent, on the part of the officials in any public office, cnn possibly be considered with any degree of efficiency. . But the ludicrous' piotures drawn by DICKENS in his description of the Circumlocution Office, fall far short of the scenes daily witnessed in tbe Works Depart mont. The luxuriant youth who passed his office hours in singing his calves before the fire, is a poor character compared with the jovial mime who leads a rigorously spiritual life, and per- forms MABIUS among the ruins of Carthage. ; It is useless, however, to attempt to shake Mr. AUNOLD'S faith in the spotlessness of his subordi- nates.' The clearest and most elaborate testi many of eye-witnesses is Bwept away with contempt. The merest straws , that offer a vestige of extenuation are elutohed at with desperate eagerness. Having regaid, then, to the dogged determination evinced by this func. tionary to guard his Paradise with walis of fire, we candidly oonfess that we had little expectation of witnessing his discomfiture so soon. The functions of the committee, it will be observe), are by no means limited to ian inquiry into the conduct of salaried topers, but extend to an in- quiry into the stale of the department generally. There is ample scope and verge enough for their operations. We believe the disorganisation complained of extends throughout the depart* ment; In no reBpect have the interests of the country been more wantonly sacrificed than in respect to its public works. Contracts haye more than once been granted to men who were unable to offer, sufficient surety for their performance, and Who have thus been'allowed to inflict the most serious injury on the public. There is sufficient, evidence of this, unfortun- ately, at the present moment; The! works oû more than one line have been stopped, and the luckloss navvies employed upon them left to face starvation. We are at a loaa to imagine what valid defence can be raised, even by Mr. A BNOLD, to so grave a charge as this. There is no room for the supposition that the sureties offered in such cases were believed to be good and sufficient, and that the Government was taken by surprise when their worthlessness became manifest. There is no room for the supposition that the successful tenderer was honestly regarded as the most competent to fulfil the work applied for. But there is too much room for the supposition that favours of thia description have been conferred for reasons totally unconnected with any idea of the publio service. The disgraceful case of Mr. CHARLES FOWLES has revealed the hitherto hidden mechanism by whioh Mr. ABNOXJJ has so long contrived to walk his ghosts across the public stage. It is in vain that he blows the trumpet with so much persistency on behalf of every- thing and everybody connected with his department. The public ear haB long ! since grown tired of his monotonous I and on var j lng tunes. Yet it is difficult to check irreverent laughter whon we hear a Cabinet Minister gravely deprecating an inquiry into a rotten system on the ground that the inquiry would tend to impode the uaefulnoss of tho system itself. We are told with much solemnity of the dangers we shall incur by rashly distract- ing the attention of Mr. WHITTON from his duties. This invaluable official ls represented beforo our eyes as ono absorbed in the cares and responsibilities of public life, much as an alchemist in the middle ages was absorbed in the transmutation of metals. Who shall calculate the injùiy, who . shall imagine the disaster, that would infallibly ensue from any interruption of bis precious studies? Mr.. LUCAS is to Mr. WHITTON what the little dog Diamond wai to Sir ÍSAAO NEWTON. We can imagine tbe mournful Secretary for Publio Works exclaiminr, "Ab, Lucas! Lucas 1 thoa little knorreet tbe injury thou bast done !" Let us then leave Mr. WHIT TON alone, if we would not shake the fabric of the public weal to its very centre. If eyer there wes disorganisation in my department, con- tinues the mournful Secretary, it was in the time of QUODLING. It is difficult to understand bow so pathetic an appeal as this could fail of its effect on the Assembly. Honorable members probably saw, what Mr. ARNOLD himself never could and probably never will see, tbat the Secre- tary ior Public Works is unfortunately possessed of a devil. He has given himself up to the evil spirit who bas managed to obtain so disastrous an ascendency over him, till he has beoome little better than a tool in his hands, s mouth- piece for his glorification, a" scapegoat for his delinquencies. Every consideration for the publio interest that might otherwise prevail, every regard for the character of subordinate officials that might otherwise be felt, is merci- lessly offered up at this exacting shrine. And like the patriarch of old, Mr. ARNOLD, we doubt not, has magnanimity enough to sacrifico the ISAAC of his own honour, should the providence of a select committee fail to provide him with a WHITTON in the bush. j 