THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1863. GOVERNMENT have resolved on the withdrawal of their new municipalities' bill. Of this, we were made aware some days back, but we felt a delicacy at the time about giving publicity to it.- As Captain LANGDON, however, has made it known to the Bothwell municipality, there is not the slightest necessity for any further reticence on the matter. It should now be known to all the municipalities, particularly to the rural ones, inasmuch as they are most interested in the fate of the bill. And, notwith standingthecoursewefeltourselvesimperatively called upon to adopt as publicjournalists,in reference to this bill, we do not see why we should not congratulate the government on its contemplated withdrawal. Their resolve is a wise one, although it must necessarily interfere to no small extent with their avowed policy general and financial. For instance, the withdrawal of their public school bill, which has been in the hands of hon. members for some weeks past, and of their police bill, which stands on to-day's notice paper for its second reading, must follow the withdrawal of their municipalities' bill. ' These bills were intended to have been read together, and it would be use- less to proceed with one without the other. They were intended, moreover, so to revolutionise our present mode of administering local self-government, as to have effected a complete change in the management of our municipalities, public schools, and police. These were to have been no bit-by-bit measures. They were to have sapped the foundation of the existing order of things. Municipalities were to have been erected, where none now exist, at the mere will of the Governor-in-Council, whether the people wished them or not. And wherever erected, however much against the will of the people, the whole burden of education, and no inconsiderable portion of that connected with the police, were to have been thrown upon them. For such a marked and decisive change, the people are not prepared, and the government, we repeat, have acted wisely in their resolve to make no further attempts, for the present at least, to bring it about. But that involves a thorough change in their general policy, and must lead to a change hardly less complete in their financial policy. "With the withdrawal of these bills, the grants in aid for roads and bridges, for schools and police, and for other general purposes, must be continued as heretofore. So we think, at least. Audit would be a piece of rank injustice, if they were not. For we have heard no other reasons of consequence assigned for the withdrawal of these grants, than that they were to be provided for in some other way. But if these bills are not to be proceeded with, and any unforseen circumstance prevent the passing of the waste lands bill this session in what other way are our roads and bridges to be provided for in what other way are our public schools and rural police to be kept up ? In what other way, in a word, is provision to be made for the various other purposes to which these grants-in-aid have hitherto been applied ? There is no way but by replacing these grants on the estimates, for 1864 at whatever risk. And we regard it, as a fortunate circumstance, that this, the latest and newest development of the policy of government, will be brought under the notice of parliament, before those estimates are further proceeded with. It would, in fact, be almost worth while calling on the government to withdraw their estimates for 1864, and to I reproduce them in another form. For this, there would be no lack of precedents. It is precisely what the members and adherents of the late O'SHANASSY ministry did with the former HEALES" ministry in Victoria And we believe parliament would be backed by the country, from one end to the other, if they were to insist on this being done, under the circumstances above indicated, however contrary to the wishes of the government, or to their declared policy. We only hint at this gently, however, lest the equanimity of government should be disturbed. But we tell them plainly, if they refuse to restore these grants to the estimates, and negroes to make other provision for the purposes to which they have hitherto been applied, that they will inflict such a blow on the country as it has never before felt, and that they will richly merit all the opprobrium and public indignation, which will result from the rebound, whenever it comes, as come it assuredly will. \- It government, however, were so minded, as to risk this, we do not believe parliament would allow them to place themselves in such jeopardy. Or, at any rate, this is our confident hope. And there are surely reasons enough why parliament should restrain them from any such attempt. The feeling of the country is unmistakable in reference to the municipalities' bill. And it would, we have every reason to believe, be no less decided against their public schools' bill, and their police bill, if the people had had the same opportunities for considering the effect of those measures. This, in fact, is what has led government to resolve on withdrawing them, at the risk of the abandonment of one of the most striking features of their general policy.-But-^rbuv line parliament to do with the adoption of measures, which government no longer feel themselves able to carry ? What with their withdrawal of measures, which were every- where to be hailed with delight rather than ensure a certain defeat? What with this defect in their general policy having led to such a blunder in their financial policy P Is parliament to allow the country to be the only sufferer by this blunder ? Is the country to be left to provide itself with roads and bridges, with public schools and other great and important desiderata, heretofore provided for by the state, without the power of doing so, because government despair of legislative sanction to their intentions, if they were even to try to seen 'to it A more awkward position for any government to be placed in cannot well be conceived. But parliament will considerately help them out of it, on being properly appealed to. The present government have been helped out of other difficulties, and will be out of this. But parliament must not help them out of it-at the expense of the country. As government cannot carry out their general policy, they must be allowed to modify their financial policy. If one door is shut, let another be thrown open. Nobody wishes to entrap them. Let no unnecessary ODBlructions.tlien, be thrown in their way, but let them have a clear stage, and all needful assistance in their endeavors to do what good they can. One thing only, we insist upon, and about that, there must be no blundering, either by government or parliament. If neither the municipal bill. the public schools' bill. nor the police bill, are to be passed this session, the grants in aid, to be otherwise provided for under these bills, must be restored to the estimates for 1861' now under consideration. WE began on Friday night what might not in- appropriately be termed the third session of 1863 by the production of the estimates for 1864'. But If any one expected their introduc- tion to be prefaced by another financial state meat, he must have been grievously disappointed All the TREASURER did was to lay before the House a summary of the totals of 1864, as compared with those of 1863 and 1862 and to offer a few general remarks on some paltry additions which had been made to them since they were first printed As they now stand. the total general expenditure is estimated at ¿13S.089; the total local expenditure at £60,12é and the total land fund expenditure at £64,279. Total estimated expenditure for the year, £202,494. This, as compared with the sum asked for 1863, namely, £273,398, exhibits a reduction of £10,904. Or, as compared with what was expended in 1863, namely, £282,229, a reduction of £19,730. But this, although a reduction on the gross amount of the estimates for 1863 and 1862, is no retrenchment. It is made up of amounts no longer to be charged on the general revenue for important public purposes, but of which the colony, from one end to the other, will soon feel the want. Henceforth, we are to be deprived of immigration of all kinds whatsoever. We are to have nothing spent on roads and bridges, except one-fourth of the land revenue, which at the utmost, will not amount to more than between £17,000 and £18,000. Wherever a municipality is established, the whole burden of education and police protection is to be thrown on the ratepayers. Literary and scientific institutions,oxeept in a few cases, and on the smallest scale, are to be left to shift for themselves. Nothing is to be done to cherish any existing institutions, or to give birth to new ones. Reproductive public works, at one time so much awaited, are now out of the question. There is no provision for them on the estimates for 1864, nor do the framers of those estimates hold out the slightest expectation of our being favored with them in any other way. Above and below, behind and before all is a sheer blank. We have nothing around us to look upon with satisfaction or hope. And all this for the sake of a mere saving of from £10,000 to £20,000 a-year, which will, however, never be realized, and of which there is not the ghost of a chance. So far from it, these paltry attempts at saving this candle end and cheese- paring policy must prove alike disastrous to the government and the country. There will be no saving to either. but a positive loss to both Because the ex penditureofaooxxntryis£260,000fco£270,000this year, is that to say that it is to be no more next ? Because, by watching the turn of the markets, and making a judicious use of his position and capital, a man makes and expends £5,000 this y cars-, is that any reason why he should not make and spend £10,000 next? A country is no more to stand still in its receipts and expenditure, than in its social organization, of political advancement. And so surely as a country makes this its hobby, SO surely will it go backwards. So surely, in a word, as it allows its government to make a hobby of it, so surely will its people be made to feel it in the tenderest part. Have we not already begun to feel it Shall we get any fair equivalent for the proposed reduction of £10,000 on this year's expenditure ? Or shall we get anything by the proposed reduction of £20,000 next year? Is this retrenchment ? It may be the retrench- ment, which those who promised it intended. But it is a desecration of the word to apply it to any sixch use. There is to be no retronchment,eitl¡er this year or next.andtbat was raadoplainenough on Friday night, not only in the production and consideration of the estimates for 1864, but in the discussion that preceded ton's. The House was asked to authorise the TREASURER to raise two sums, one of £10,000, chargeable on the general revenue; and another of £21,000, changeable On the land fund, to meet payments on debentures falling due in 1864. And this raised the whole question of the general policy of the government. Mr. SHERWIN wished to be informed how it was, as immigration had been suspended, that one hundred and fifty of our bounty tickets were now in the hands of one or more of the emigration societies in England. Mr. CHAPMAN explained, and in doing so more than half concurred in the policy of suspending all further outlay on immigration for the present. Mr. DAVIES, who had previously spoken on the subject, expressed his surprise at this, and took the opportunity of venxonstx'ating with the government, not only upon this, but when other parts of their policy. It was neither wise, in his opinion, that they should let it go abroad, that they did not want immigrants, nor was there any justifiable excuse to be offered for the colony being left in so many other respects to shift for itself. All around was languishing, and nothing was done to promote a revival, which everybody felt to be so much needed. Mr. SHARLAND and Mr. KNIGHT struck into the debate, but each in a different way. We do not pretend to follow these gentlemen, any more than we pretend to have followed those above referred to, as to their exact words, but only as to their general drift. Mix SHARLAND resolutely resisted the idea that the money spent on immigration had been of no advantage to the colony. This had in fact. been done. both by Mr. DAVIES and Mr. CHAPMAN before. But Mr. SHARLAND gave his own case, as a large employer of labor, and instanced the advantage it had been to himself and to those who had come so far in quest of homes and employment. Mr. KNIGHT went on quite another tack, but not a less important one. The government were now asking to raise money to take up dcbentiires,j¡yJiiiíJ» were to fall due in 1864. Hut JiaoV-tWSy not been _iigjcedjo_cûuoo»fc-*o"aaditional taxation, on the understanding that there were to be no more loans, and that any surplus revenue that arose might be applied to the liquidation of the present debt? That is certainly the popular belief on the Bixbject, founded on what the TREASURER is reported to have said from time to time in the House, whether there be any just grounds for it or not, and however much we ourselves should be led to condemn it as a stroke of most statesman like policy. But we neither begrudge the government the money they were authorised to borrow at the end of the debate; nor do we either regret that this general discussion arose upon it, or that the question referred to was asked. Each was well-timed and pertinent. It is on all accounts fitting that the government should be reminded from time to time of the course they are pursuing, and of that to which it is likely to lead. Nor could there have been any more appropriate time for doing this, than when asking for money, and just about to | introduce their estimates for the forthcoming year. But the point with us now is this, and we wish to put it to the government the House, and the country seriously. Have not the government asked for increased taxation, and held out expectations of a reduction on the public debt When we find now, however that the public debt is not to be reduced in 1861-, but that sundry charges are to be thrown on the people, which have hitherto been borne by the general government, is it not passing strange, that they should have asked for increased taxation P Is there not an inconsistency on the very face of this When the government brought in their bill for the abolition of ad valorem duties, they never pretended to raise less than the ad valorem duties yielded by means of their package and other customs duties. But not satisfied with these, they have got the sanction of parlia- ment (of stamp and carriage duties for 1861\. And yet they neither propose to pay off any portion of the public debt during that year, nor do they intend to admit charges on the general revenue which have hitherto been allowed. How is this to be accounted for P I And by what process of reasoning can it be made out, that the reduction of from £10,000 to £20,000 on the total estimated expenditure of the year in this way is deserving of the name of retrenchment ? A good deal more might be said on this, but the House ought to see to it, now that, it has been raised, and we leave it in their hands It is a point that should be well discussed in committee, not with the view of harassing, but only with that of bringing them to courses more likely to subserve the best interests of the colony. We never thought the government would get through their estimates for 1864 so easily as they themselves imagined. And we had on Friday night some justification of our surmise. They stuck at one of their earliest items, but they will, we suppose, get through without difficulty. The service however no less than the public, will be a little curious as to the issue of the question then raised. But we shall do nothing to pre- judge it. 