' HUNTINa; SKASniira 8TAO IITTlfX ITITII ' ms n.n.o. . . , , | ' This day a stag muit die,' eto. . JJBAK Bsli-,— I have been silent for a couple of weeks, for a couplo of good reasons, viz. — firstly, tho jM.H.O. did littlo wprlhy of record;' nnd Secondly, deponent was not present to rocord that little;- Tbla'dayi however, -I had determined to ruihlntbprlnty whether thore had, been good' sport pr'not-^andin despite of tbe warning that stands at' the head of voar ' Notices to Corre spondents,' as to refusing, a reply to. any legal ?questions— for I wished' your opinion in a case of , personal aggresalon ' :na oohnected wlih your journal.: 'You must- boar mo witness that I am the original Ghost, and have even appeared ns such jOn the theatrical board?, eo.liave I not just .claims of action for.damageB against tho lesaeesof the Haymarkel, the Princess, the Polytcohnic, 'for any. odor i man' who usurpa my adopted character! . It Ib-ho UBe your telling me, friend BM, not to cast personal reflections, for ibis bnlj* f tit for 'tat' that, ^should do so, aa how couldlMosars. Eimmons, Fawoett, or L. L. Smith, and Co. have raised their ghost without nlso casting personal reficctiont / Natholess, being In n ,forgi.ving humour, as last week's hunt made I oapltal. fun to write about,, wo, rival 8en6&tionlst9;, cautnuUeit up with a couple of glatBes;' and I'll quit the subject by wiBliing that Simmona' and V awcott's ghost may always walk, and Nlmrod's ghost rWc, to mutual sjtls faction pn Saturdays.!— verkfap. .', ;, The. announcement of ? a stag hunt is suro to attract a large Bold, olthcugh some ' of the f'Mgulara' are lukewarm In; ihoir attendance,' under the misfounded prejudice of 'calf ohating.' This is. not the timo nor placo to argue the siilijcct, bat surely, the two excellent runs after the Ivanhoe deer, ttila Beason, should have cured tlio dyspeptic fooling of those who have certainly had. cause tD' grumble at the. failures of former years. I ' Tho i public; 'at anyratei rejoice in the 'ohacocl of 'making sure to see some pcrtion of n chevy j , whilat : thoso -,who ? sincerely Jove their, horsea imuatalao, bo glad oftbeir favourites being saved Borne twenty or thirty miles of legweary ing pottering about, beforo nkangaroo la oven-' draggeil upon. The tryst, last Saturday, war&t; tbo Sir. Hobert Hiouie, liew,not nve miles irom town; (and the morning proving lovely, as that of an Engliah autumn, a cavalcade of some sixty oiuoatrians. Including several ladles, assembled Eunotnnlly'. , '.Thb.'quibt' snburbof Riblimond must' avo been astonished from its saintly propriety ; dt tho vision of red coats that jogged quietly Hi rough to tho meet, and many a horseman ilding Melbourne-ways, to hia, offieiql avocation, ?fel{. tempted, (o literally 'throw business to he iocs'' and1 t'^nhls head 'up stream.' ! Perhaps Boino did. ' fhe'clooi; tlint'tho maBtor wsb ihqaoat of has, for ao'mo five yeara ttffio, beon about the Police Paddock, at Kew, having founi* Ita 'way thither: after escaping, at Sandridge,' from the oompKny.of a fewrof jtsfellows, impoitod from Ciroular Head. Soveral attempts h&vo; been' made to run him. down, both with the houndp, tho beagle;, and kangaroo doge; but In always stuck to' the 'Vicinity of the paddock, or took to the river. On the lecent ocoay slon ho tried tbo aarae : game, and , kept dodging about tbo thick wattles for an hour and a half, until most,' of the field got impatient of waiting^. Determined not to be baulked this time, MrvWa'SOU rutiied' tho'antlered beauty so much more determinedly than ho had ever been before, that'ho finally left the coverta, and boldly crossed! the high- flooded Yarra, .'? It's all upi' exolairaed most, ''and, wo may as woll toddla home.'l ' Kot bo ! ' Bays the master. , One ol the whips shall Be left, ttilsslde, to try and drive him hack if he re-crosses,' or 'to track whero ho lands, and we will (to round by tho bridge to the flppofllte bank,' No sooner ' Bald than done. Away trots the motloy .group, at a spanking pace, a fnll'ihreo miles round over tho Johnson street 'bridge j and Colllngwood Is all. amazement, as. hounds: and horeemen dnth through Its outskirts. At the pas works the pack are thrown across the flat bordering tho liver, and they soon pick up the trail; but it ia very oold. After some minutes' dodging about, from Information received, a? the Bobbies Invariably say la tho.witaess box, a caBt fa .mado forward from, the corner of tho Northcote hotel, tho stag'havlng beon there seen oohtoring across the road in company with two aBtoniabeu horaea.l Inohby inch, with very, cold hunting, from the eurfooo being all waterholcs or bare enrtb, the Sydney road ia reacbod, and there tho hounds' throw right ^up on' the hard dry ground. Luckily for the' field it was that they did so, for the^five ond'a half feet sawn h%rdwood fence that bounds the .road was unjumpablo.. He's eon* to the Royal iPark, unhosUatlngly afllrmed Mr.'tVatspn,andhe took on tho hounda to cast them torihd fro on tbb'turf bordering the other side ,of tho road, Instructing his followers to remain! quiet for the present. The' majority, therofore, oboyed orders by taking; a qnlot nobbier at the Borah Sands, at the very edge of Bi enswick,' and their patience was soon rewarded by a signal to crosii the Park after tho pa;k, Straight to the Model Form wo bled, and scarcely had he mounted tho beautiful rise which overlooks tho cultivation: paddocks, and faces the rcaidonco of Mr. Hugh Glass, than tho noble quarry was spatted out in afield of corn. All was instantly , hurry and bnatle, and it took Bomo talking to cheoh: a rusa (orwara Detoro tuc uounaa wero laid on.- This waa quickly and quiotly effected by tho whip being sent lorward ou foot, the ietice being impassabjc, and tho doer being then oh tbe edge of the Ks'ondon Creek. As soon as tho scent was jt;ot.2i61d of, tho air was filled with panino muBio, the stbg lelsuroly making across the lower Gelds of tho firm, and it Beemea that the trying enclosures of commingled rails, wire, nnd furze were speedily to pound tho major portion of tho field. .But he turned to the loft, crossed tho boggy crook, and Intruded on Mr. Glass's grounds. . This was apunzler; for the hound's got very wild- on the other tide, Borne apparently running heel, and others tunning riot: iThe master dismounted, tried all ho could to cheer the pack to work together, and he ran up -nd down this Bide the bank in a most oxclted state, but could not restore order. ' ' Somebody chance tbo creek,' so shouts, and at word of command a gallant young officer jumps hla hsrae over tho low fence, flounders tliroueb *h? muddy morass and water, nnd gota safely ncrosa, every ono admiring his pluok, but pitying his boots. Tho aisw young whipper-in doea tlio satno, but neither head nor tail can bo tnade of tho tlotous proceedings, until Mr. Watson and Bevoralof the leld soramble through the quagmire. After a good deal of knocking about, It turn d out that ono faithful hound, Sportsman, had stuck to the original game, but somo of his mates wero amusing tlicanelvoa with » privato hunt alter n pot emu, Bomo after ono of Mr. Campbell's collies, and ' the others feomod to have a most pertina cious I doslro to 'hunt hoel.' At length they were got tocotlior, and laid on tho lino that Sportsman had already driven the stag, vii, through tho privato grounds of Mesare. Dal. Campbell, J. T. Smith, aud J. Grant; from thence over tbc Mooneo Ponds creek ; and then in a waverincr, line of hoavy cultivation paddocks. To many of tho riders tbo pilings and high ledces hereabouts were Bad stoppers, and it waa not until eomo adventurous hero or another had made a gap, that tho majority could get to tho wiahod-for side. That prince of Australian Bportsmon, ' old Dal.,' limpod into hla garden, and oliocrlly hallooed ' Go It boys ! never mind smashing through I ' Young ifr Smith also on couroced hound, horse, and man, to knook bis f athcr'aouldoorprciniBeB to 5mif ft. eiocna;and,had Sir. Grant been thore, he'd aaiurodly havo Granted tho same. Well, somehow or another, tho inter vening forces woro oroased, ho vy im w tho RrouTtd, 'ml then came the uasty Mooneo I'idiId croek. Slap into It went noarly everybody, tew olenring It cleverly; one horse waa seen on hia back, with his logs straight up in tho air, Ilka a \- table topsy'tarvy ; »nd another gave his rider a thorough sousing in a naaty deep holo. Tho pace could not ho fast, so sticky aud soft was the soil, and, happily, there wero constant short ohecks. After a counlo o( hours, a lone oheck ocourrod on thi- banks of tho aforesaid winding oroek, and recovery of tho trail was doomed hopeless. But, nowise d!acour«ged, Mr/Wattondiamonntod, gave hia horso In charge, led his paok along tho sdgoof the creek, plckod up and followed tha lost track, like a very Hod Indian, and, finally, wat rewarded by lia datlitgs bursting out into tho hot melody of » 6trong aceut. A part uf tho field had, up to this timo, been on tho other side, and woro ablo to enjoy all tho fun without halt of tho labour; but now all joined together iu the pursuit, though still two separate linos woro nuintalutd. At coming out of ono very hoavy cropped field tha* had an nvkwnrd d tch en the landing nldo of lha feuco, the angrr agricul turist threatened toslopovory horsa-nan, with rail, held lanw- fasblon. B«t, ' Bill not at me,' waa tho fearless ory, aud the oonsequonco of hla Ill-will waa that he had several panels brokon, when.wlthout hindrance, probably, none would havo suflered. ' I B»y, air,'1 ho sinus out to ono of tho rod coats, who jumped as hla hack was turnet', 'are all these folk members of tbo Mol bonrne Hunt?' ' Strange to Bay,' was tho response, 'not a slngla member out to duy I' Of courso not. All the M. H. C.'s are married. Well, for a mile thoro was little more jumping and ecrambUng, but necessarily . flow gal lopingi the stag always in vluw, ana rapidly failing beforo tho oapor canines. At last, whilat Iho mnstor and first flight wero labouring tlubugh astlcky otOBS road, tho pack ran auddonly iuto tho gallant dear, bavins crossed a paddock that tho mounted men I *!».«, and 'pulled him before it was possible to aSord rescue. This was close to the 'National,' and Mr. Napier's mldenoe.und about a oouple of miles back of Jock Wilson's, Moon.ee Ponds. Speedily . bis carcase was saved from being torn to pieces, and being- properly dismembered, the hounds were, justly treated to a good blooding. About twonty ho:semon were. upat tho death, inoluding tho riders; oE Jumbo (tbe master), flrat.l QreyBtook s tond, Longdog third, ohestaut JLIttlo Wonder'! fourth,' and then Guy Fawkei, .Ybliug: Emeraldj Five Bob,1 Hector CHollornn, RlDYaii'Wlhkle, the black colt, Don,. WaUa whvlc, Eivey,' etc. '.It wbuia be wrong to oloB'e thia aooount without giving ' the utmost credit to Mr. iWatsoD 'for his Untiring perseverance in working, out this- remarkable run, Pew men would havo persisted even to Northoote; but, by tbo industrious and clover following up of his idea of where the quarry had headed, he achieved a success that Ib Indeed another well earned feather In his cap. The haunches were sent as a worthy present to the Melbourne Club. He was a splendid stag ' of eight,' in flno condition. ' ,?.,-!: NIMEOD'S GHO3T. 