THE ILLUMINATIONS. London may be said to have bean en file not only from the 7th of Warcli, when the Princess A lxandra made her public entry, to the niizht of the lOlh. when the innrria?e was celebrated by illuminations, but for several days beforo and after. Tho preparations were in themselves a sort of festival; and it was thought that the expense which had been incurred justified a little further display beyond the one night for which they were designed, so that the principal and most costly illuminations and decorations were'kept up fur two or three nights longer. Dunog the whole period the streets continued to bo traversed day aud night by dense multitudes of people, and it was not till the gay trappings'of tho public buildings were finally taken down that the great thotoughfarcs resumed their ordinary appearanoo. The illuminations of London were of un exampled splendour. No such exhibition has ever been witnessed before. How much grander it would have been had it been arranged upon a uniform principle must not, however, be overlooked. The great fault was that every Louse and public building illu minated iu its own way, without reference to its neighbours, so that tho spectacle was brokeu up by incongruities. But Loudon was very grand, notwithstanding, on tho night of tho 10th of March. * The only real failure was the electric light at St. Paul's, which disappointed tho expecta tions of. its friends. People thronged at great peril of their lives to see a dome of fire, and beheld what the class-books on optics call ' an oblique pencil of rays,' and a very faint one, too, wandering disconsolately about the dome. A single beam of moonlight would have produced a much finer effect. The view from the top of St. Paul's was a greater disappointment to the fe# who were admitted to look upon it than the failure of tho electric light. Instead of being able to fee the great fire on tho high ground of Hampstead heatb, nothing could be discerned further north than Holboru. On. the south the view was shut in by the Surrey bank, beyond which all was darkness; on the east the extremity of vision was a triangle of flame over the Royal Exchange ; and on the west the prospect was closed by St. Clement's Church. The view 011 all sides was bounded by a black wall ; within this wall was a thick yellow haz,e nearer still was a luminous mist, and close under the standing point was a bright glare, in which the smallest object was distinctly visible. The up turned faces of the crowd — swaying about like a bed of flowers in a high wind— were so clearly Been in such valleys of Tight as Cheapside and Fleet -street, even from an elevation of 200 feet, that the features could almost be distinguished without an eyeglass. - One of the great eights of the city proper was London Bridge. The beautiful decora tions which had been prepared for tho entry of the Princess Alexandra still remained, and looked extremely well under the influence of the illumination, which was produced by a series of small gas-lamps placed round the pedestals which bore the Danish warriors and other pieces of sculpture on eaoh side of the bridge. The magnificent arch was lighted up in a similar manner, the lamps running along j the cornices and other architectural outlines of Ihe structure, and presented a very grand ap pearance, which was greatly heightened by on admirable transparency on each side. V ' Perhaps the triumph of the city was to bo found in the combination of the three noble buildings which enclose tho open spaco at the end of the Poultry— tho Mansion-House, the Bank, and the Royal Exchange. The first two were illuminated in tho same manner, with jets of gas disposed along the chief lines cf the architecture. The loug fairade of tho Bank, brought out with a single beam of light, relieved at intervals by large stow, assumed an air of dig nity and reposa which it does not po«e33 in tho garish day. The Exchange was a brilliant success. Its pediment was also traced with a line of 'light, and its columns were adorned with illuminated spirals. Temple-bar was conspicuous for tho novelty and splendour of its appearance, transcendirg al! previous attempts at decoration ou former occasions. Arrangements, which are said to have occupied a fortnight iu the preparation, wero made to illuminate a medallion of tho Prince aud Princess of Wales, which was placed in the centre of the principal arch, sur rounded with flags. The entire cornice of the pediment was covered with emblematical devices in gold, and over t ho footways anqels were placed, boldjng in their hands sags of orango blossoms, above which were tripods emitting incense, and over the centre and sur mounUug U19 whole was a statue of ' Hymen' holding a torch. The pediments of the arches were covered with crimson cloth, and over the centre arch were the arms of England and Denmark, surmounted with a crown of gold, with the letters ' A.A.' on each side.- Drapery, formed of cloth of gold studded with red hearts, entirely enveloped tho front of the Bar on both sides. The whole was lighted up with about 120 gaslight?, under whito ground glass globes, aud tie effect was verv beautiful and chaste. Amongst the other public buildings that call for special notice were the British Museum aud tho National Gullery. Tho former dis played a magnificeut and artistical device in g*s, Btretchiug along tho centre of the noble line of iron palisades; and the latter had on elaborate device on the portico, which failed for want of gas, but made soino compensation by an electric light, which, however, was not very effective, except when it was turned on tho top of tho Nelson Column, to which, the whole height remaining iu per fect darkness, it gave tue effect of a sheeted ghost in mid-air. \Ve may add that there were several electric lights in the courso of the night in different parts of thu town ; one on tho top of the Monument, onu at tho corner of Ludgate-hill, playing on the dome of St. Paul's, and another in Regent-street, and the most successful of all from tbo fkcado of the Polytechnic. Next to the Quadrant, St. James's-slreet, Cheapside, Fleet- street, Boud-street, and Pull mall, were the most brilliant and continuously lighted streets, the Strand, except near Temple bar, being broken and irregular. An eccentric and ingenious individual in the Haymarkit produced dissolving views of tho various members of the royal family, which excited great interest in the crowd, tho Prin cess of Hesse developing out of tho Priuceis of Prussia with a rapidity which even Mr. Darwin's new species never rivalled. The remarks of the gazers upon this exhibition were rich and original. The waudering crowd invariably called tho Princess of Heaso tho Priucess Bessy, aud the Princess Alexandra tho Princess Alexander, accompanied by ejacu lations of delight which wero taken up and repeated by thousands at a distance who could not sen the phantasmagoria itself. The club-houses were conspicuous for tho costliness of their display. The political clubs were for once of oue accord, while tho military and University clubs vied iu their efforts to celebrate with splendour the auspicious event of tho morning. The tradesmen of His Royal Highness the Princo of Wales showed their devotiou in extraordinary displays ot brilliancy. Prominent amongst them was Mr. Poole, His Royal Highness's tailor, in Saville-place, the front of whoso houso was literally a blaze of light. The design was intricate and fanciful, and Borne critic3 thought incongruous and overdone ; but it cost a great deal of money, and was undoubtedly one of the lions. There was also an attractive device at the house of Messrs. Swaine & Adeney, in Piccadilly, who hav-? been appointed whip manufacturers to the Prince ; and another at the establishment of Messrs. Chubb &. Son, His Royal HighneBs's lock and Bafo nickers. Mr. Eiminel, too, of tho Strand, ought to be men tioned, who supplied Lsndon Bridge with iucenee and tha wedding boudoir with the essence of violets. It but remains to be montioned that tho crowd was prodigious. According to the breadth of the thoroughfares were the number of lines of carriages in the centre of each street, and the average rate at which they progressed may bo set down at about half a mile in four or five hours. Hundreds of carriages wero out for five hours and upwards and never suc ceeded in making their way into any of the leading streets, their occupants getting homo at daylight without seeing anything beyond the outskirts. The crush on tho foot pavement was tremendous. But there was a marked difference between tho West-end and tho City. At t':e West-end epaco was kept open on oue side of each street for car riages to return, und tho foot pavement was regulated so successfully tint, although iu some placeB the pressure was severe and occa sionally dangerous, circulation at u slow rate was at least possible. But in the City chaos reigned, and the frightful results are chronitl -d in the wards of the hospitals and the verdicts of coroner's inquest?. In the gorae at the west end of the Poultry, and in similar spots, the crush was positively appalling, the pro-sure being, moreover, gratuitously increased br a number of ' roughs' who kept charging the densely compacted mass out of pure lovo of mischief. We have alluded elsewhere to ik-so scenes, and need not dwell upon them here. But it is only proper to add that the conduct of the people, under the circumstances, was admirable, and that when space permitted of easy locomotion they displayed the utmost patience, decorum, and good humour. The rpjoicings iu the provinces were on a scale of unprecedented magnificence; nor does it uppcar that there was a single place which did not testify its zeal by a display of illumination and by public festivities. In Edinburgh the sceue was in the highest degree brilliant and picturesque, and the order and safety with which thu proceedings of the night were con ducted offer a striking contrast to the scene which took place under the Lord of Misrule in the City if London. No carriages were allowed iu the streets, and no riots or accidents occurred. In Ireland tho rejoicings went off with characteristic hilarity. There wero some windows broken in Dublin and Cork, and a disposition was manifested by the dregs of the mobs to get up a ' row ;' but tho Queen's peace was not very materially dis tutbed in either place. 