THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN BEDE. By the Grace of God and Favor of the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, to the Faithful, Clergy and Laity, of the Archdiocese, at the Com mencement of the Lent of the Yeah. 1863. ' Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are fornication, uncleanness, immodesly, luxury, idolatry, witchcrafts, enmities, contentions, emula-' tions, wraths, quarrels, dissensions, sects, envies, murders, drunkenness, revelling,and such like. Of the which I foretell you, as I have foretold to you, that they who do such things shall not obtain the kingdom of Goo..'— Galatians, c. 15, vv. 19— 21. Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus Christ, What a happiness it would be for a Christian Bishop if,: at the beginning of eaeh season of Lent, as the new year brings it round, he were able to join in the world's cry of progress ! No one could be hap. pier than such a Bishop, no one would be more eager, anore joyful in, his congratulations, in his thanks-' givings. .Progress:— It is a noble word, and it means a noble thing. Progress ;— advance, that is, towards the end for which man. was created; advance in the knowledge of God, advance in tbe love of God, advance in the service of God, advance in that upward road that leads from exile to our true country, to the . presence and beatitude of God. Show us such progress as this, and we are satisfied, we are happy. We see, indeed, progress in wealth and the means of increasing wealth ; we see progress in the appliances of bodily ease and comfort; we see progress in medicine, progress in science and art, ?wonderful, bewildering almost. We do not under value any of these things, they are all good and thankworthy ; biat we say that the notion of pro gress, as consisting wholly or mainly in these things is monstrous.' And we say that men of the world ?will acknowledge so much when they use the divine light that is in them also, the 'light which en lightei.eth every man that cometh into this world.' A progress ef intellect, and wealth, and science alone, considered, as complete, is what would be a man of powerful brain, of thoroughly developed animal faculties, of magnificent limb and stature, iut with nothing except occasion to prevent his grovelling in the habits of the comparatively vile and degraded brute. What would such a thing be, the world being judge ; not surely an object of ad miration and love, but a horror and an abomination! 'Who could accept that, as a form, of progress in the condition of the being, concerning whom the royal penitent said ' minuisti eum paulo minus ai angelis, gloria et. hortore coronasti eum, et constituisti eum super opera manuum tuarum.' 'Thou hast made him a little less than the angels ; Thou hast crowned him with glory and honour; and hast set him over the works of Thy hands.' *'A little less than the angels!' Show to us, Dearly Beloved, marks of progress in the path proper to a being whom the goodness of our Creator did so constitute, and whom ihe infinite love of Jesus has replaced in it, offeibg in His nature of man and tenderness of God to walk aleng it in company, and help of each one of you, weak, poor, ignorant, simple, sinful though you may be and are, so only that you be true, hearted and loyal to His love. Can you show us this progress ? Can you show us the promise of it in a lower order? In the duties of msn to man has our world made progress? Can you find that our children are more modest, and docile, and reverent towards their parents, and towards God, and all that belongs to His name and service ? Do you see that the young women ef our day have made progress in Christian taste, that they are more anxiously striving ' to adorn themselves ?with modesty and sobriety, not with plaited hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly and extravagant attire?' Are you sure that our young men have progressed in the princely frankness and simplicity of a chaste, temperate, hardy, vigorous life ? Will you point out to us in our elder and public men some little progress in censcientious scruple as to the influence of their example in ptivate life ? Do you see less trickery, and pretence, and self seeking ,in, politics? Is there any decided abate ment of slander, and cabal, and reckless assertion ? Are statesmen becoming more really devoted to the public w.efare, and are the separate classes of that public now at length learning to seek the common good in harmony, and less through contest and opposition of interests ? Oh, if you could indeed, Dearly Beloved, show us such progress as this, then indeed we could rejoice together; and our great thankfulness would turn almost our Lent into a jubilee. ' Rejoice in the Lord always,' says the Apostle ; and truly, if this progress had been made, not all humiliation and sorrow, that a season of penitence brings with its wholesome bitterness should prevent our joy. If it were true, ah ! if it ?Were true ; would to God the progress were true ! But, Dearly, Beloved, it is not true, and you know it, some of you at least know it. Take the ?words ojF Holy Scripture, as we have read them to you,, and begin with those sins, which, as they are more the acts of men's mind or spirit, and are less hideous, to the eyes of sense, have less of worldly shame in them. Are 'enmities' here in this New South Wales of ours less biiter than they were ? x Are 'contentions' less hot, less mean in spirit and in object ? Are ' emulations' less unfair, less selfish, less frivolous? Are 'wraths' less frequent and more appeasable ? Are ' quarrels' ceasing? Are M dissensions' becoming unknown and discredit able? Ate 'sects' decreasing in number and are there any good hopes that, through greater earnest, ness of faith, men have less 'itching ears,' and are lesB fond of 'heaping to themselves teachers?' Are ' envies' giving place to contentment, to rest in the appointments of God's providence, and to frank congratulation of others, in their advantages ? Are 'murders,' and, what is almost as horrible, sym- pathy with murderers against the voice of law, altogether unknown amongst us ? What shall we say, what can we say, Dearly Beloved, to these questions ? And if the Apostle of the Gentiles, if St. Paul were amongst us in bodily presence, as be is in spirit, and were to complete the fearlul list which he wrote with chief reference to a social Btate, putrid with the putridity of accomplished and refined paganism,— if he were to complete the list by adding the shameful sins which begin and end it, the 'fornication, uncleanness, immodesty, luxury,1 the drunkenness, revellings,mand such like,' 1 ' ? ? '. ' * and then1 question us as to our progress in freedom from these leprosies, what could we say? Oh, shame and confusion of face to us, to U9 men of the nineteenth century, to us men of civilisation and progress^ to us men of freedom as we call ourselves, to us Christians who should have inherited the grace and true progress coming of right from those nine teen hundred years since Christ's passion and death ! Shame upon us ! Dearly Beloved Children in Christ Jesus, I would that I could speak otherwise, but I cannot. My sorrow, my fear, my belief, is that those two great sins, those mother sins, impurity and diunkenness, are on the increase amongst us. ' Miserere nostri Ileus, secundum roagnam rmsericordiam tuam : et secundum multitudinem miserationum tuarum dele iniquitates nostras,' It is sad, indeed, that sins Buch as these should be named amongst Christians, and grievous, that pious ears of young and old, who happily know them not, should be wounded and shocked by the mention of them. But named they must be, and spoken of they must be as we now speak of them, to deplore them in the bitterness of our soul, to denounce them as crimes which es pecially grieve the most Holy Spirit of God, to de nounce them as a foul dishonour and despite to the Holy Blood by which we have been redeemed, to denounce them as the object of God's most righ teous vengeance. Impurity and drunkenness — it is not perhaps without significance that the Apostle makes them the beginning and the end of his dread ful list of works of the flesh. They are indeed be , ginning:, and end, and middle, for though all mortal sins are prolific, and beget their like in different shapes, jet h&ve; these two an awful pre-eminence. Which of the works of the flesh does not begin from the indulgence of impurity or drunkenness, or end in one or both of them ? Look how'tbe common sense and experience of mankind decides. Who believes, judging simply by his knowledge of men, and setting aside all consideration of the banished Spirit of God, and tbe facile incursion of evil spirits, who believes that a man given to strong drink is at all safe, as regards the chastity of either of the con ditions of life? And if drunkenness breeds lasci viousness, impurity on the ether hand, in its own vile turn, leads to drunkenness, even if it be not its companion. No; no one looks for the safety of purity in the habitual drunkard, no one looks for certain sobriety in the man whose heart is. withered, and conscience perverted, by an impure life. It is in these two mother sins that the curse and stain of original sin are most evidently seen. They each invite the other, and the poor soul who haa surren dered his life to them sinks almost unconsciously lower and. lower, ' deep calle h on deep,'.' abyssus, abyssum invocat.' They are, these two sins, the deepest wounds of the corrupted nature of man, and so their healing is one of the chiefest glories of the redemption and restoration of Christ, and therefore, the Christian man, who is a sinner in this kind, pours the most flagrant injury and contempt on the Cross of Christ. Is it wonderful that the wrath of God should rest, as it does, upon them? He has spoken to the world by the natural conscience of men ; He has spoken loudly, unmistakeably in the natural consequences of such sins. Men of this world, who have little thought of God and Christ, can tell us of consequences that are visible here. They point to the drunkard's wasted, life, to the misery he inflicts on all who depend upon him, to the wretched slavery in which he vainly struggles, so that no sense of the weightiest interests, no claim of dignity, no consideration of position or of trust, can deter him from indulgence ; they contrast the pros trate imbecility ^of the drunkard in his intoxication with the commonest dignity of a human being ; and they, even these men of the woild. shrink away in disgust and coHdemn-ation. And so of impurity ; the world, bad as it is, cannot but denounce, at least in words, the foinicator and the adulterer. It sees something of the untold misery of the seduced, and the guilt of the seducer, of the ruin of families, of the transmission of vice and disease, and it is forced to denounce, and detest the guilty. All other in justice ends for the most with the immediate con sequences of the first act; but the woik of the seducer is to poison a human life at its fountain, not only to inflict disgrace and misery, that would be almo3t.a blessing in comparison, but to compel, horrible thought that it is, to compel a youthful human creature to strangle her very concience, and live a whole life in and bj sin. If a man's object were, like that of a reprobate spirit, pure evil, what deepsr, what more permanent cruelty could his preternatural malignity suggest ? But men do not, you may say, intend this, tney do not think of this, But they ought to thiek of it. These consequences are in the oraer of God's providence open and legible to ?all, that men may think of them, and by thinkiug of them make acts of abhorrence, and form the habit of abhorrence. It is as necessary to make acts of abhorrence, if we would possess the hatred of sin, as it is to make acts of faith, if we would be possessed by the habit of faith. For this end it is that Holy Scriptures record instances of the fearful judgements of God upon the ruinous sin of impurity. It is for this end that the Word of God denaunces it with such terrible earnestness. And, Dearly Beloved, it is for this end that we now, in the obvious course of our duty, with reluctance and grief, but yet com pelled both by fear and love, pronounce ir» your ears those denunciations. '? Do not err ; neither fornicators, nor adulterers, nor drunkards, shall possess the Kingdom of God.' — 1 Cor., c. 5, v. 10. ' Foruicators and adulterers, God will judge.' — Hebrews, c. 13, v. 4. ' Without are dogs, and sorcerers, and unchaste —and every one that loveth and naaketh a lie.'— Apocap., c. 22, v. 15. These, Dearly Beloved, are the awful words of the God of mercy. We do not judge to what extent the sins of which we have been speaking prevail more or less in the several claBses of the po pulation. It is enough to know that they do prevail. We are obliged to say it; in sadness, and shatne, and humiliation, we are obliged to say it : they do prevail. May God have patience and mercy for us. But now, Dearly Beloved, this is the sacred, the privileged season of penitence, and what are we lo do? Whether they who are guilty in the way we have mentioned are many or lew, it matters not; they are amengst us, they are our brethren ; and whilst we confess and bewail our own personal sins, we may win the grace of conversion aad forgiveness for them. If only a goodly number of us could pars this one Lent worthily, could realise the might of prayer and fasting, prayer and mortification, self denial of any kind, we mighty obtain such mercy from God that these scandals' should cease fiom amongst us. There is a kind of devil that cannot come forth out of men except by prayer and fasting, and surely drunkenness and impurity aie devils of that kind. Let us then weep before 'the altar, and chastise our own love, of ease and indulgence ; weep for ourselves, and for those other unhappy, and say in all earnestness of word and deed, ' Spare, O Lord, spare thy people, and give not thy inheritance to reproach.' And the while we pray, and mourn, and strive to effer some little sacrifice of worldly goods or. comfort, in token that we desire lo make some little reparation to the wounded heart of Jesus, let us not neglect some obvious means of precaution that lie in our own power for the future. What we have to do is to spread around us in our little measure tbe love of God and the hatred of sin. Well, then, let us now, when the whole Christian family is to be engaged in the: commoii office and temper of penitence, let us recognise more fully and affectionately than ever the ties ot our brotherhood. All of you are striving to be more worthy of the graces of Eastertide by the self-examination, and condemnation, and the holy practices of Lent. Deepen your humiliation this time, brcod over the sources of contrition, and inflame your hearts with charity, and so grace will overflow from you into the hearts of those brethren who have outraged by those works of the flesh the Saviour, whose passion and death we are preparing to celebrate. And yeu know the secret of giving power to your prayers for yourselves and for others ; that it is by self humi liation, by realising to yourselves so much the more your own sinfulness, with careful thought over y.owr own sins, your own shortcomings, your own neglect of opportunities, your own indifference and procrastination with respect to. the motions of divine grace in your own hearts.' Others have fallen into flagrant sins of the flesh, disgraceful before even men, manifestly insulting to the Cross of Christ I Well, it is sad ; but how do you know, if you think over your sins of omission and the countless gracious impulses you have' put off and forgotten— how do you know but that, yet a little more of deserved withdrawal of God's grace and protection, and you too Oiight plunge into as deep an abyss. Think of this and you will learri tenderness and delicacy towards the sinner, whilst you will increase your hatred of sin. Who knows his own capacity for sin ? nay, who knows how much sin he is guilty of, and yet ignorant of ? ?' Delicta quis intelligit ? ab occultis meis mutida me.' ' Who can understand sins 1 trom my secret ones cleanse me, O Lord.' Dearly Beloved, you understand, from what we have.saiJ, the special object which we desire lor your prayers and penitential exercises, and above all the temper in which we would have you apply yaurselves to that object. The temper thai is powerful with God and successful in His service, because it is full ot self-humiliation and abasement. We have yet one word of advice in a matter of practict. It is this : let there be no talking amongst yourselves about these sins, no speculation as to wheie they exist, and who are their victims. The wanton, unnecessary mention of such tkiags is a sin. St. Paul is most peremptory on this point — ' But all uncleanness, let it not so much as be named among you, as becometh Saints.' The divine pre cept leaves, you see, no room for choice, none for doubt. They are not to be spoken of, especially the latter, tha$ia of impurity in any of its shapes, ex cept when some plain duty demands it, some special occasion, And when k is spuken of, let it be always in a few plain, grave words; nothing of jest, nothing of extenuation in terms, no gaiety. It is a dreadful mistake, that of speaking lightly of so fearful a sin. There is scarcely a more successful way of minis tering to the work of Satan. It is done, we are confident, by many in the most perfect uncon sciousness of what they are doing. We entreat them to be warned. The devil is a ' roaring lion,' but he can also come in the smooth guise of smiles, and insinuations, and words of double meaning, and gain his prey the more surely. He cares net that he be laughed at, if you will let him laugh with you. Let us then, Dearly Beloved, all strive to cleanse ourselves during this Lent by penitence, by prayer, by alms, by confessions, by laying aside each one ' every weight and sin which surrounds us,' and by communions in the holy body and blood of Christ. And then our Easter will indeed be glorious; we shall rise with our risen Lord and re ceive, both as individuals and as a community, the abuudant gifts of His victory, the sweet fruit of His Holy Spirit, the ' charity, the joy, the peace, the patience, the benignity, the goodness, the longa nimity, the mildness, the faith, the modesty, tae continency^ the chastity,' that are His, and, through Him, may be ours. Mother of God, Mother of fair love, and fear, and knowledge, and holy hope, pray for us that we may be made worthy of the promises of Christ. Amen. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. \+ JOHN BEDE, Arch bishop of Sydney. The following are the Regulations and Dispensations for the Lent of this PRESENT YEAR, 1863. The general law of the Church, which ordains Abstinence from Flesh Meat during the entire Lent, is so fur dispensed with that the Faithful are allowed to use it on Sundays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, excepting Ember Saturday and the four last days of Lent. We have substituted this year Mondays generally as days of abstinence, instead of Saturdays, to obviate the difficulty felt by many in ibstaiu ing from Flesh Meat two consecutive days. On the Monday, however, of Ember week and ot Holy week, tbe use of Flesh Meat is permitted. On til days, except Sundays, the permission of Flesh Meat is for dinner only. On Fasting Days a collation may be taken in the norning and evening. A small quantity of milk ind also of butter, may be used. With respect to he latter, the dispensation is grunted in behalf ot hose who leel unable to take bread in sufficient [uantity without its aid. Eggs are allowed on all lays at dinner, except Ash Wednesday ani Good Friday. ^Cheese ^nd^Butter are also allowed ori:al I — The. period during which the Paschal duty of Annual Confession and Communion is 10 h? fulfilled begins on the first Sunday of Lent, .iii ends oa Trinity Sunday inclusive. We earnestly entreat all the Faithful to be present each day dining Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass.'if they have the opportunity and means. We recommend masters of. . fanilies and parents to assemble, each day, their; household or children for prayer and spiritual in struction. A part of the Rosary, of the Psalter of Jesus, or the Litanies of Jesus, with the Penitential Psalms, may be recited on these occasions. Persrns engaged in laborious occupations, in deli.' cate health, or so circumstanced that fasting wonld be injurious to them, are exempt from tbe laW. In. all cases of doubt, recourse for dispensation must be-. had to the Priest.' When, by reason of distance, or of other serious obstacle, application to the Priest' cannot be made, each one will decide in his own.' case according to the dictate of conscience. By order of His Grace the Archbishop, ? tk «? r J S.A.SHEEHY,V.G. ; Ihe use of La--* or Dripping is of course not permitted on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. ' ' ...???? 8. A. SHEEHY.V.G. ; 