THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Cape Flouk A1.v-.iket — The Port Eliza fcr.fi Telegraph announces the arrival of the Sea Shell on Saturday, the 7th February. The Tele graph of the 2i>th says part of the flour by the Sea Shell had been placed at prices varying from 21s. to its. lid. per 133 lbs. The wheat was selling at 3'is. to 37s. per 203 lbs. The cargo of the SeaSiicii was shipped hy Alcssrs. Dullieai & Co. H is gratifying to notice that this cargo sold at good prices. It is said that there is a good opening for further shipments, as protracted droughts have caused a failme of tiie grain crops. Oil the return •>f the vessel Captain Howe took occasion to ex press an opinion relative to the character formed of our flour at the Cape. He reports the demand for colonial flout was unabated, and it was held in high esteem without particular regard to the brand. The following is an extract from a letter received by Messrs. Hart A: Co. with re ference to a shipment of flour made to the Cape about the same time as that by the Sea Shell:— ; " We eau report favourably to the ijuality of the j flour per Wild Wave, aud when better known : fully expect it wiil command the preference in the i market at advanced rates."' Late Telegraphic Niws.—In another column 1 ■will be found a telegram by way of Jubal, I dated London, March .5. It reports that the I Southern States of America are willing to consider j the mediation proposals of Louis Napoleon, hit j that the North rejects them. It is also stated t*U3t MeCiellaa has been recalled to the com mand of the army. The same telegram contains several later items of l.nvlisii news. Overland Telegraph.—We understand that Mr. Gisbarne is willing to undertake the formation of a telegraph liue from these colonies to Cam bridge Guf for asuhsiiL of £15,51)0. ' The Last English Mail!—The South Austra- ! lian portion of the English mail, brought by the I P. & O. Company's steamer Aladras, was contained in 7(i 1 sixes, and consisted of !),062 letters and ] 17,500 newspapers. Tilts is exclusive of the mails ! front India, China, &c.; ; The Mail Despatches.— Mr, Flood was this : month -without a competitor in landing the j despatches of English news for transmission by teicgra.pli to tbe other colonics. He was therefore 1 enabled to walk over the course ou his arrival at | Glenclg. Arrival of- the Ocean Steamer at Mel- I aOt'EXE.—The Madras, the ocean steamer convey- ] ing the English mails for the P. 6: O. Company, arrived at Melbourne at 2.45 o'clock on Tuesday lucrning, April 14. Pbice of Uoppku.—Xlie South Australian Miiripg Association have reduced the price of copper from ] £?l to £SS per ton. TEsmtoxtAL to Colonel Bj.yth. —The testi monial to Major (Colonel) Biythhas been signed J on behalf of 34 companies of volunteers. The arrangements for its presentation are not defi nitely made, but it is probable that it will take [ place on the day of Major Myth's departure. W( understand that Major Blyth has taken cabins for j himself and family in tile barque Nightingale, which is to sail for Auckland, New Zealand—the j head quarters of the 40th Regiment—on or about ! the 23th iustaut. We have seen the engrossed ; address, aud were greatly p:eased with the | penmanship. It is written ou vellum, 33 inches ; by 2) inches, in mediaeval letter, with iilu- j laiuated initials and border to correspond. The caligrayhv is hy Mr. J. E. Culiey, who lias sur mounted the address hy a spirited sketch, of which j the anus of Australia form the centre, and British and Colonial flags the surroundings. Testimonial to Captain J. Smith.—On Tues day, April 14, we had an opportunity of inspecting a ring, made from pure colonial gold, intended by the passengers of the barque Carea for presen tation to the captain, Mr. James Smith, in token of acknowledgment for his uniform kindness towards them, aud for the care and caution exer cised by him during the voyage from Loudon to Adelaide. The ring was manufactured hy Mr. E. Saw-tell, and will bear the following inscription:— \-- Presented to Captain James Smith, by his pas sengers. as a small token of their esteem. Ade laide, A.A., April 15, ISO'J." Battalion Drill.—On Monday evening, April l.T, the members of the First Adelaide, Adelaide, and City Rifles, attended on tbe North Park Lands for battalion drill. The various evolutions usually performed on such occasions were gone through, under the command of Major Mayo. The whole were very creditably executed, and the battaliou was not dismissed till dusk. The Gas Company.—The operations of this Company are fast approaching completion We see from an advertisement in the daily papers tiiat the Directors are inviting tenders for the supply of coals. The energy with which the works have been pushed forward is highly credit able to those who have the management of the Company, and we may very shortly expect to see the city illuminated with gas. The New Town Halt..—We believe it has teen determined that the foundation- stone of the new Town Hall, in the Corporation Acre, shall be laid on Monday. May 4. The ceremony will bs per formed by His Excellency the Governor, and after wards a dejeuttrr will he served in the present Corporation building. Ecndle-Stueet Impuovements. — lu addition to the improvements in Eunule-street to which we have already referred, we are informed that Sir. Cunningham is also making extensive alterations at his bazaar. Additional warehouse accommo dation is being provided in tbe rear of the front premises, and Mr. Cunningham is throwing the whole of the basement floor into one shop, IDS feci long, without cither pillars or arches. Mr. James Macgeorge is the architect, under whose directions the improvements are being effected by Messrs. Bamfleld & Scott, the contractors. Sudden Death.—tin Saturday, a man named Andrew Heine, was admitted into the Adclaid Hospital, and died almost immediately after lit admission. He had been suffering from dropsy, and the cause of death being apparent, the Coroner did not thiuk it necessary to hold an inquest. Mil. Tobkens.—We understand, from letters received hy the last mail, that Mr. Torrcus at tended the levee of the Prince of Wales on the 23th February, and was presented to His Royal Highness by the Duke of Newcastle. Mr. Torrens lias also given evidence on the Transport Com mittee, aud is using great efforts to prevent trans portation to the colonies. Lecture at the Institute.—Tl;e third lecture i.f the series was delivered at the Institute on Friday evening, April ID, by the Rev. F. W. Cox. Dr. Wyatt presided, and called on the rev. gentle man for his lecture, being "Persona! Reminiscences *'f a Journey up the Rhine into Switzerland." After some prefatory remarks, he referred more particularly to tbe cities of Cologne and Coblcutz, sneaking of the public buildings and other places of interest there. He highly eulogized the mag nificent scenery of the Rhine, and then passed on to a brief notice of the town of Basle, the last city em entering Switzerland. The lecturer read several extracts from Lord Byron's liues on tbe Rhine. He then gave an interesting account of his travels in Switzerland, besides an eloquent descrip tion of the view from the Right aud the scene of the rising of the sun from that point. Having descended' to the city of Lucerne, he said he must conclude here, as Ms time had expired. The rev. gentleman, whose lectur-i was upwards of a \ hour in length, was loudly ap plauded at intervals in it, and r.t its conclusion a vote of thanks to the lecturer was moved by Mr. C. Todd, who expressed a hope that Mr. Cox would .-.t some future time continue his interesting nar rative of his travels in Switzerland—a hope which was reiterated by the Chairman. The next lecture, Uv Mr. C. To Id, having been announced for May I, instead of April 24, the meeting separated. Practical Result of .ppibit-Rapeing.—We are informed that a gentleman in this colony lias received a letter from a friend in England request ing him to institute enquiries as to the circum stances of a widowed lady in the colony, and to ail'ord her substantial aid if necessary. The letter is said to have teen written in consequence of an intimation "having been given by the spirit of the deceased husband of the lady in question, through tbe phenomena of spirit-rapping, that his late wife wis in need of assistance. The gentleman to whom the letter was addressed has informal the widow that the aid indicated will be given to her. Colonial tVouicrANsjirp. — On Saturday wc inspected a neat but novel specimen of colonial work at the shop of Mr. J. M. Wendt, jeweller, of Bundle-street. It consists cf an inkstand made in an emu egg. The egg is cut ill two lengthwise, aud within the lower .portion an inkstand is placed in a gold setting. 3'he lid to the bottle represents tile head of an aborigine in oxidiz.'d silver. The upper half of the egg falls over this, and is sur mounted hy ihe figure of a lubra, a so in oxidized silver, bearing a cockatoo on her left h.nid. The egg rests on a fern-tree, the leaves of which crop from under it, and is supported at either end by ;m emu iu half posirion. Around the egg a wreath of ivy entwines itself, and the legs of the inkstand arc heads of the kangaroo. < hi t'qe whole, it is a singular-looking but a well- executed article of colonial manufacture. Colonial MANUFAcrtrRFS. —Wc have fre quently had occ.lAiH- to refer to instances of the manufacture of articles in the colony requiring mure than ordinary skill and cave both ill design and construction. We believe that there arc in ■it- colony* many more skilful and intelligent workmen connected with various branches of manufactures than is generally supposed. On " -.itiday we had an opportunity of inspecting a chamber nrgm manufactured "hy Mr." \v. t» olit, of Wakefietd-sirecL, for Mr. E. Oorlett, of tno same street. The instrument contains four .-:ut a half octaves, ami has two stops running ■mite through. It has been made to fit a recess in Mr. Forfeit's parlour, with a sliding ke\ board and folding-doors. so that when closed it presents a surface flush with the projecting wall. The tone of the instrument, particularly when used with the flute-stop, is remarkably suit anil sweet, forming a great contrast with the ordinary sounds of the barniouium. The whole of the pipes of both sets arc of wood, the largest being a:t open four feet double C. The bellows are work^f with treddles by the fect the same as in the harmonium. The touch is easy am! even throughout the kev-hoard. A - a piece of cabinetwork, also, the instr ument is an ornamental piece of furniture which is very creditable to the manufacturer. t Visit of THB Djambi.—It is understood tJiat the Netherlands war steamer 'Djambi at present at Kin™ George's Sound, will visit Adelaide en route t-1 Bal.vvia. The Djamhi is 1,200 tons register, of 250 horse-power, and carries 12 35pnunders and four rifled (iO-poundcrs. She is commande-l by P. A. Van liees, and has a crew—including officers— of 223 men. We learn that Captain Douglas, believing from the statements of the captain of the City of Melbourne that the Djamhi will arrive here about the 20th instant, has made arrangements for duly saluting her when she reaches the Semaphore. It will lie remen; : bered that a little while ago Melbourne was , j caught napping by a Russian war frigate, which': ■ had arrived and come to an anchor without being observed by any of the authorities on land or ; i shore. Fortunately, we have been forewarned in : the present case, aud this gives tiie Port urtiliciy- 1 i men time to he forearmed, otherwise we should ! I have mavlo even a worse figure than our Victorian j neighbours did, for up to yesterday the guns and j ammunition of the artillery were all in town, and 1 : it is doubtful whether such an article as a Dutch j flag was obtainable here without previous notice, i However, by this time preparations have been j made, and when the visitors conic we hope tlic-v will have nothing to complain of. * ' Lancashire Relief Committee.—On Wednes- j day, April 15, a meeting of the Lancashire ' Relief Committee was held at Aldndge's. There were six members present. The Treasurer having delivered his financial statement, front which it appeared there was now in hand a balance of £03 3s. 4d„ a general conversation took place with regard to the desirability or otherwise of bringing the movement to a close. It was ultimately re solved that another appeal should he made to the public to enable the Committee to send home l.v the May mail what will he for the present a final remittance, and that whatever sums are subscribed after that be sent in to Mr. Tomkinson, by whom they are to be fonrarded to England. Adelaide Reformatory.—The second annual report ot the Adelaide Reforma tory has just been published. It refers with gratitude to the in creasing interest which is being taken in the Society, as evidenced hv an addition to the funds of upwards of £13 over the previous year, and which has now placed it as one of the charitable institutions of the colony. Twcntv-three persons have been admitted, 12 of whom seem to lie living respectably; some have been iost sight of, and one 1 I has married well. Only three females who ' were inmates have been reconvicted. The nam her of admissions during ihe year has been beiow I that of the previous one, owing to the decrease of j female prisoners, and to the circumstance that the greater number of these arc of the lowest | class of abandoned women, whose reclamation is very doubtful. Nine released prisoners bad been , admitted during the year; live of these have been placed in service, four of whom are doing well: I two iiave quitted the Reformatory, and two have been dismissed for riotous conduct. A new matron, experienced in the required duties, and of [ stable religious character, has been appointed, and it is hoped (hat the efficiency of the institution will be materially increased. This appointment had necessitated a considerable advance in the salary, which, though small was feared would prove a severe strain on the funds. The rent of the cottage was also increased by the addition of water- rates. The desirability of obtaining a more eligible locality for the institution, and the necessity of procuring means for the erection or purchase of suitable premises, is referred to, aud an increase of funds is solicited, so that the institution may not he crippled by inadequate means in carrving out its work. Dcrtka Mine.—The Captain of the Duryea Mine reports on the 13tli inst. that the eastern level 32-fathom —is carrying slhit and prev ore * aud the western level spar, ore, and imiadia He also states that- be has found a good cowse of ore against the south wail, the hick of which is paving to work, and from which ore is now being raised. The Eight Hours Question.—M e perceive from a notice in the daily papers that a meeting to discuss the eight hours' question will be held in the Hotel Europe this (Saturday) evening, to which the builders aud employers of labour are invited. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide will take the chair at half-past 6 o'clock. Accident ox the BAY-Ro.xD.-On Wednesday evemng an accident occurred on the Bay-road between the Morphett Arms and the Halfway House, ta a spnng-cart containing several females. hrom the particulars which we have obtained, it appeared that airs. Cooper, wife of air. Cooper of the Central Road Board, was driving, when some person rode furiously past on horse hack, which frightening the horse, the cart was capsized, and Its occupants thrown out. We un derstaud, however, that fortunately no serious consequences resulted beyond the fright occa sioned by the sudden overturning of the cart, which proceeded to Adelaide soon after. Grocers' Assistants' Association.—The an nual meeting of the above Society was held on Monday, 6Iarch30. The Secretary read the report and financial statement for the past year, which i aftf r discussion were adopted. On the question of the settlement of arrears, it was decided to collect them in the usual way, hut for the future the ex penses were to he paid by a collection of Gd. for each member previous to the occurrence of each holiday. It was decided to hold a soiree in com memoration of the third anniversary of the Society, and a Committee was appointed to arrange the same. The Committee for the ensuing year was elected, aud after a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the Host, the meeting adjourned till last evening, when the Soiree Committee's re port was discussed, and it was decided to hold the same in Hiilier's Rooms, on the evening of the Queen s birthday. The necessary arrangements were left to the Committee, and the usual vot-s of thanks concluded the meeting. The Southebn Races.—In our report of the Southern Races ail error occurred ill the niacin™ ot the horses for the Maiden Flatc. In the second heat 3lr. fiaUtho s ware Jessie came in secoitL and not Reindeer, as he was plaecd. Destructive Fire.—A correspondent, who sends us his name, favours us with the following: —"A fire broke out on the premises of Air. Halfi •.ay, of Wcodville, about 2 o'clock on Saturday morning, completely destroying a valuable stack of hay and a four-wheeled wagon. Suspicious circumstances having come to light since the occurrence, I would suggest the advisability of holding an inquest to find out, if possible," the oiigin of the fire. From the statement of Airs. Hallidav, sister-in-law of the owner of the pre mises, it appears that she was outside a short time before it occurred, but noticed uotliing of die stack being on fire, whicli, ou account of its proximity to the house, she must have done had it been alight 1 at tiiat time." I Horses for Melbourne.—By the steamer City of ! Melbourne Air. C. B. Fisher bus shipped to SIc-l bourne the celebrated hiood horse Fisherman; also three inares whicli were imported from England bv the IVestbaro. Yelta Mining Vesture.—We understand a telegram was received in Adelaide on Wednesday froin Ibr. W. L. Tuxfcrd, announcing that a lode of black ore had been cut in Xuj .or's Shaft, Yelta Aline. The Search for Gold.—The Garctte announces that, pending the search for gold, all iauds open to purchase by private contract in the Hundreds of Larossa, Para Wirra, Talunga, Onkaparinga, Kuitpo, aloorooioo, North Rhine. South Rhine. Tungkillo, Slacclcsfieid, Kondnpariuga, Nkangkita Goolwa, Encounter Bay, Mypcmgc. Yankalillu, and "ifpm?a, and a portion of Noarlunga, and See tiouS advertised for sale by public auction in Gortrnmait Guzctic in the Hundreds of Talunga and XanKaliila, and Sections 42i', 42J, and Encounter Bay, are withdrawn from sale until further notice. The International Exhibition.—By the last mail Mr. Duttou has received from the Bond Commissioners of the International Exhibition a beautiful brouze medal, tor services rendered as one ot tue Commissioners for South Australia. He has also received the Exhibiton certificates of merit awarded to the following persons, to whom, we un derstand, he is prepared to hand them over on appli cation Cornwall Mining Company, Great North cm ditto.^ Alount Rose ditto. Worthing ditto, It. \\. Rcuda, Thomson Fricst, Griffin (jam ,j' Campbell B. H. Babbage. Wm. Green, E. Hector! C. Hills, J. A. Phillips, P. Kcllv, -J, Alellor. Tf'E'tel Gambier ALxil.—It appears from ourtt elimgtor. correspondent's letter that the men who recently intercepted the Mount Gamhier mail Iiate not keen arrested, though the police have ,eeu ®n„tlle alert- T'iree men went brought up at the VV efiington Court ou April 2 on suspicion of beiug concerned in the robberv; but the evi dence not being sufficient to authorize their de tention, they were discharged. Our correspondent states, also, that the wail for t]lL. ,%sf tm!L. jef;. for Mount Gamhier on Saturday las: under the pro tection of well-armed guards. The Mosquito Plains correspondent of the Horde? JlVcA writ ing on Tuesday, April 7, says;— "rinsce u,y jilst nothing of very startling importance has happened in Kineraig. The mail robbers, f am sorry to say, are still at large, and though some clue iias been obtained as to their identity, they v.ill I fear, escape the ends of justice at this time. The Adelaide Local Coert.-TIic business of this Court on the civil side lias greatly increased since its powers have been extended. It would appear, indeed, that the Local Court now decides by far the greater portion of the claims for nionev and the disputes as to civil rig his which arise within the limits of its jurisdiction. The number of plaints issued in the year ending :>l>t March, 1853, was 3,532-an increase of 1,1! 5 t vious year. The number ot <1, tended eases set down for trial wusG8o—an increase of 2n-l on the previous year. The number of executions issued •was Clli; increase on the previous year. 215. The num'oer cf processes sent to country Courts was 1,231, being an increase of 451 on the previous year. The lotal amount sued for was £11203 15s. —an increase of £25,14-1 I5i. Id. on the previous year. Tiie judgments obtained in favour of plaintiffs amounted to £11,577 Is. fid.: increase on amounts of previous year, £G,!n;l 14s. Amoun of judgments in favour of defendants, ea -;i5 17s. (id.; increase on previous year, £1.(15:) ls. 44. Amount of money paid into Court, £0',277 Ids. Gil.; iucrease on previous year, £3.743 9i. The fees and mileage amouuted to £2.055 Cs. Sd.; increase on previous year, £87112s. Od, Victoria Theatre. — The military drama, ."The Battle of. Austerlitz," attracted a. full house 0:1 Saturday evening. The piece has some ] exceedingly interesting situations, which were 1 made the most of by Air. and Mrs. HoHoway aud j the rest of the company. Mr. Grcville had a ! character which gave full scope to his comic powers, aud on every occasion his appearance was J productive of irrepressible laughter. Mr. Sliute j was principally remarkable for a picturesque make up, and Miss Emily Wiseman played a difficult part with spirit and ability. Holloway's rendering of that most martial of all military airs, the ; " Marseillaise," was a great success, and the piece ! was accompanied by French national music, well . executed by the or. licstra. " i'heCorsicau Brothers" was produced on Mouday evening in a style in finitely superior to any former representation in Adelaide of that singularly impressive drama. The principal diameters, the two brothers, were admirably sustained by Mr. Hollowav, who by this dual performance has established his claim to a high rank in the histrionic profession Mrs. Holloway was as impressive as usual in the lead ing lady, and the other female diameters were well assumed by Mrs. Jackson and the Mesdames Melvfllc and Wiseman. The Chateau lienaud of Mr. Streetoa was not equal to the standard at tained by H.olloway, hut he evidently did his best, aud his performance was by means a failure. The gentleman who did the double for the " de Francliis" acquitted himself very well, aud altogether a diffi cult piece was placed very creditably upon the stage. The scenery and mechanical effects were appropriate, and the incidents at the hul masque amusing if not en regie. The skilful blending of curious uatural facts with wild and wonderful spiritual revelations m "The Corsican Brothers" will ever make it a great favourite with playgoers, aud they can scarcelyhope to see it produced more effectively than it has been done now under the direction of Mr. Grevilie. The play continues to attract good bouses; the tragic, comic, social, and supernatural c cments of which it is composed have each their class of admirers. To the lovers of fun Messrs. Grevilie and sliute supply a rich treat, fs is evidenced by the broad grins and hearty laughter they provoke. The "mystic tic" that connects the twin brothers in spirit and maintains a com munion of feeling between them when far re moved exercises strange fascination upon all who have (and who has not ?) a trace of philosophical superstition in their composition. Those who retain the old and perhaps equally well-grounded opinion that disembodied spirits occasionally hold intercourse with former friends have in the visita tions aud visions vouchsafe)! (by the a itfcor and manager) to Fabian de Franchi a better notion than could be conveyed in fifty lectures as to how ghosts do appear, and what was effected by the nearly, if not wholly obsolete, faculty of ] " second sight." The more matter-of-fact people may find in the feud aud reconciliation of the 1 factions considerable amusement, while the pro babilities will 110 doubt be canvassed with equal gusto by tbe critical. The tale of a feud originating in a paltry contest about a white hen, and aggra vated by retaliations until many lives were lost, may appear absurd iu its inception and extrava gant in its issues, but unfortunately such weakness and wickedness exist, and'are not confined to Corsica. A very short time ago the English papers : contained laudatory notices of the efforts of an Irish Archbishop who succeeded in reconciling two hostile factions, whose encounters—often murderous—had long disturbed the country. As to how their enmity originated there was absolutely no evidence: but the tradition was that two men ] "onceupon a time" quarrelled about the .igeof a bull; they fought and one was fatally injured. His friends revenged his death. That provoked re taliation ; partisans attached themselves to either side, until at last the faction fights of the " Two year-olds " aud the "Three-year-olds" became a terror "to all the country round." The social materials of the drama, which are more cosmopo litan in character, excite, of course, a more general interest. We have a fond and anxious mother, an affectionate but vindictive brother who, like Louis Napoleon, has a special destiny. Then there Is an unsuccessful lover transformed into a respectful admirer and a devoted friend, and we have the indispensable roue, which completes the principal characters. Thcrestof the dramatis persona con sists of a chorus of bottlehoiders, ballet-girls, and men about town. The character of Chateau Kc naud, the roue, is so thoroughly contemptible that it requires more grace aud ability than ordinary actors can command to make it tolerable. He is a sensualist, who retains his position iu society by force of wealth and fashion; a duellist, who, confi dent in his skill, slays without compunction an uupractised swordsman; he iutrigues to seem a seducer, and contrives appearances to de grade a woman whom he could not dishonour; and he quails with fear of death when forced to meet an opponent upon equal terms. There is in all he says or does but oue touch of nature, and that is strongly characteristic of French morality. He begs of his second, should he fall, as he fears he will, in the second duel, to break the matter to his mother by degrees—first, by sending word that he had fallen from his horse, and a fortnight after wards that he was dead; and with that lie oil lus lips he receives his quietus from the Corsican avenger. A magnificent person, an exquisite voice, with ease and elegance of manner, might (such is human nature) have on individuals an in fluence similar to that exercised by rank and wealth on society, and induce them to endure the villain; but no one who understands tbe value of the term could consider liim "a high- bred gentleman." Where such personal advantages are not enjoyed by the soi- disant Chateau Ecnaud, it would be as vain as it would be invidious to press compari sons between his performance and the powerful rendering of "The Corsican Brothers" by Mr. Holloway. AVesturx Acstealu.—1The Per A Inquirer of March the 25:h says" The markets are about the same as last month. Fine flour may be quoted at from £15 to £15 10s. The Government contract for this article (2d per cent.) was £12 15s.—con siderably lower than it haseverbeen in the colony.'' Dakixg JioroixRT.—A m'Saery as daring and ingenious as it is uncommon was perpetrated in the heart of the metropolis on Timrsdjy morning, about 3 o'clock. The scene of the burglary was the shop of Messrs. Liakert & Piemlier, watch and clock makers, nearly opposite the Globe Inn, Bundle-street. The middle shutter to the window is always put up last, and the whole are secured by an irou bar. It appears that the burglars pulled out the bar so as to enable them to push aside the middle shuttc-r. An aperture large enough to admit a hand was Ihen made in the window by cutting or breaking the glass, and the robbers helped themselves as they pleased to the valuables which were hanging in the window. In taking some watches they knocked something down, which aroused Mr. rfendler, who was sleep ing in a room at the back of the shop. Being sur prised at seeing light tlirough the shutters, lie lit a candle aud went to the door, but no one was then to be seen, as the robbsis had decamped. Mr. Pfendler at once communicated with the police, who were immediately on the spot, but no traces of the rascals were found. On looking over the arti cles iu the window, it was found that seven gold watches, about six albert chains, two brooches, aud some other articles, amounting in all to between £70 aud £80, had been extracted. Accidext.—A correspondent informs us that "On Tuesday, the 14th inst., an accident likely to have been attended with serious consequences happened on the road from North lih ne Mine to Angaston. Mr. Wedger, of Oawler, accompanied by Mr. Mansfield, with his wife and two small children, was driving along at , a smart pace between fivandale aud the residence of the Hon. G. F. Angus, when the horse, a line olt aud otherwise tractable, did not answer the rein in time to save a collision with a huge stump and forks of a dead tree. The shock was so great as to throw the horse to tbe ground and the people from the cart, Mr. Wedger ciung to a dry limb, hut got a severe blow in his forehead. Mr.' Mansfield fell on his head with a ciiild iu liis arms, slightly hurting his back; Mrs. Mansfield received bruises on her head and shoulders. Neither of the children were injured. Altogether it was a providential escape." Fatal Accieext.—A correspondent sends the following:—" I am sorry to record ano-.her fatal accident, which occurred last eveuing, the 17tli inst., at Bethany, about two miles from ivapunda. A little girl, two and a half years old, she daughter of Sir. 11. Were, farmer, being missed for a con- ! sidcrablc time by the rest of the family, was diligently sought for, and was at length discovered I in a walerliole a short distance from the house i quite dead. It is thought the little creature ill : wandering from the house had got upon i he piank which serves as a bridge across the creek, and had fallen from it into the water." Distressed Aestrai.iaxs.—'The Gazette con tains a singular commuuica'ioa from the Govern ment of ihe Straits Settlement to the Governments of the Australian Colonies. It anr.cnuces that ! many Europeans arriving there with horses from ; Australia become destitute through no; being able ' to find employment, audit cautions persons not to come lor the future. The JeiLer is a-follows: - "cth.gapore, March 5, INoii. "Sir—I have the honour, by desire of His Honor the Governor, to request the favour of your submitting for the consideration j of His Excelic-ney the Governor-General in , Council the suggestion contained i't the | extract, marginally noted (vide n tej, from a j report, No. 37. dared 21st instant, from the Commissioner .-f Police at Singapore, on the -sub ject of the state of destitipioii of ni'anv of the I I Europeans who hive recently arrived at (Ins srl l ticmciH from Australia, under the impression—an | 1 impression totally devoid of found itinn— that they 1 would experience little difficulty in obtaining j suitable employment. "2. Tiie-e unfortunate persons generally leave ' Australia ill charge of horses. They are dsehareed almost immediately after their arrival in the Straits, and being unable '■> scare service. .'.dies, I the climate precludes their procuring a livoliim d | hv ordinary oat of dO'>r U'uour, they are soon re-■ ' diu-ed ro the utmost pennrr. and become inmate., 1 of the local charitable instiiulions. I " I have. \c., j " It. Mal".'Hk;:so:.-. Lieut.-Gjl., j "Secretary to Government, Straits Settlement. I " 1 In the event of your writing to the authorities I at Swan liivcr Melbourne, Ac., regarding ibis sub ject, will you allow me to suggest a moire to be published in the Oeecrtt.iHn Gazette of those : places, caution!--*g people against coining to ibis ; place where there is so little prospect of their ob ' taining employment." OPENING OF THE NEW BAPTIST CHAPEL, SOUTH RHINE, AND DEATH OF REV. E. EVANS.- An es teemed correspondent at Angaston has favoured us with the foi!owing communication:- On Oood Friday, the 3rd inst., the opening services of the new Baptist Chapel, South Rhine, were held. An appropriate sermon was preached in the afternoon by the Rev. John Hannay; after which, an ex cellent tea was provided by the ladies connected with the chapel. A public meeting was held in the evening, at which Mr. Kealley presided. The attendance was very good, the chapel being well filled. Interesting addreses were delivered by the Ciairman, the Eev. J. Hannay, Mr. John Williams of Barossa, Mr. Baker, of Salt Creek, Mr Thomas, of Lyndoch and Mr. G. C. Thyer. About £13 was collected towards defraying the building expenses of the chapel, which is a neat and commodious stone edifice. A feeling of sadness per vaded the whole of the proceedings owing to the sudden and alarming illness of the pastor of the chutch, the Rev. Ephraim Evans, who had risen that morning apparently in tolerable health; but congestion of the brain, brought on by over fatigue, had laid him low before noon, and during the sevices he lay, seemingly unconscious, at his residence, close to the chapel. Dr. Millner was called in, but all his skill and attention proved un availing; paralysis came on, and the patient gradually sank until last Monday evening, when he breathed his last. The funeral took place in this township on Thursday afternoon. The first part of the service was held in the Angaston Chapel where the Rev. J. Hannay delivered a solemn address to a large, congregation; after which, the earthy remains of the departed were followed to the cemetery by a large number of Persons, many of whom were members of Mr. Evans s own congregation, and had come ten or twelve miles to show a last token of their respect for their pastor. Mr. Hannay delivered another short address at the grave, and the coffin was then consigned to the silent tomb. On Sunday morning, 12th inst., a funeral sermon was preached in the Angaston Chapel by the Rev. J. Hannay, who took for his text the words "It is expedient for you that I go away'' - John xvi. 7 Many came from a distance to be present on the occasion, and the attendance was unusually large. Perhaps a few particulars concerning Mr. Evans's life and labours may he interesting to your readers. Before coming to Australia he resided in London, and was emp!oyed as a missionary in connexion with the New Park-street Church. He arrived in this colony about nine years ago in the same vessel as our highly-esteemed ami much-regretted fellow townsman the late Dr. Birks. He lived for some time at Reedy Creek, but about seven years since settled at Nuriootpa, where he was employed as licensed teacher. He also commenced preaching in the neighbourhood. The number of his preach ing stations soon so increased that he was led to give up his school and devote his whole time to the work of the ministry. He held services at the Sheaoak Log, Lyndoch Valley, the South Rhine, Tarrawatta, and Nuriootpa, and occasionally in other townships, often preaching three times and riding from 15 to 30 miles on the Sabbath. He afterwards gave up the service at the Sheaoak, and about ten days before liis death left Nuriootpa to reside at the South Rhine, intending to devote liis energies more especially to the service of the Baptist Churches there and at Lyndoch Valley, both of which had been established and built up in a great measure through his instrumentality. His health seems to have been impaired by his arduous labours. He had long been subject to disease of the heart, and this complaint being aggravated by he fatigue and excitement consequent upon his removal from Nuriootpa, and preparations for the opening of the South Khine Chapel, brought on the disease winch terminated his life. Mr. Evans has left behind a widow and four voting children who are not very well provided for. A subscription list has been opened for the benefit of the widow and children and several gentlemen have already contributed liberally. Bible CmtrsriAX BAZAAR.-Thc bazaar in aid of On I rnluy, April 10, the haziar was reopened, j-lie room was not visited by a large number of persons while daylight lasted, but towards the larter part of the day the attendance eou siderablv mcreased, the room being tilled almost the whole evening. There was also a considerable increase of purchasers over those of the previous day. The article^ remaining from the bazaar were submitted to auction on Saturday evening, bv Mr. Luke Murphy. A large number were disposed of at low prices, but notwithstanding this, there was a surplus remaining at the end of the sale. Forestry.-On Friday, April 10, one of the District Officers of the Ancient Older of Foresters, assisted by eight Brothers of various Courts, attended at the Cornucopia Hotel, IVallaroo, for the purpose of opening a new Court of the above friendly Society. Seven persons, out of twelve who applied for the Dispensation, were initiated founders of the >ew Court, which was named Court \\\ allaroo, No. 3329. P.C.K. Haselgrove, of Court Concord, was appointed C.E. of the Court Br. Hanton, of Court Littlejohn, S.C.E.: and Br. Bobinson, one of the founders, Secretary. The subordinate officers will be appointed on nest Court night. At the conclusion of the business the brot is and several visiting friends sat down to a capi al supper, provided by Host Haselgrove to wliich full justice was done. ' South Adelaide Weslkyan Sunday-School Union.—1The anniversary of the. South Adelaide B csleyaa buaday-School Union, comprised of the Pme-strect, Gilbert- street, Frank; in-street, and Hamet-street Schools, was celebrated on Sunday a,nd Monday last The services hi connection witii the anniversary on Sunday were conducted in the Pirie-siieet Chapel. The Eev. IV. Brown preached in the morning, and the Eev. J. VTntsford in the evening to numerous congregations. About 600 of the ciiildren, and many of their friends assem bled at the Cliapel in the afternoon, and were i addressed by the Eev. J. Vstsford. \m Mondav evening, a tea aud public meeting was held in the Lecture Hall, adjoining the Chapel. The tea was attended by between 150 and 2<*> persons, and ! during the meeting which followed, the hall was literally crowded. Mr. G. P. Harris presided, and c meeting haxiiig been, opened with singing and pujer, he briefly aliuded to the force and weight j which impressions received in early life had upon individuals in after years, and* the consequent ne cessity of implanting true religious principles in the minds of Sunday scholars when young lie considered Sunday-schools the auxiliaries of Hie C'lirisliaii Church. Mr. Mann then "read the report, from which it appeared that there was a iKuanee of as. !!d. due to the Treasurer. It also contained detailed statistics of the four schools, and siat&l; that in the aggregate there were & teachers and lju; scholars, an average attendance oi 3 *1. and '..i-'-i volumes in the libraries. Tliis was an increase on last year of 3 teachers, and S,.« scnoiars, of 89 in the average attendance, im-i of 1L volumes in the libraries. Several of the scholars were mentioned as having been added to tlie Chureu from u:l the schools, except that at Harriet-street, where the Superintendent was un ss&tsted;, ana where it was trusted some friends would lend a bclpiug hand. Mr. G. \Y. Cotton moved the adoption of the report at some length, dwelling principally upon the hopes which in spired the teachers' breast, aud the sacred nature of their task. it. Hill, in seconding commented in a phasing and aide manner on the various items in the report. The motion was supported by Mr. Greer, who in some ilowiug remarks referred to the pleasing statements in the report, alluded to the vast importance of Sunday- school training, de scribed those institutions as the nurseries of the Church, and concluded by exhorting ail Christian people to forward them to their utmost. The motion was carried. Mr. James Seott moved a resolution in effect that the meeting pledged itself to gi, c Sunday-schools its wai nicst sym pathy and most liberal support. Mr. Scott's although not a long was a very appropriate and eloquent- address. He remarked that as year by year they were certainly approaching their end, they should double their diligence ia inipartin" the word of God to the young, as it afforded them a strong defence against all the evils and errors to which children were especially exposes!. Mr Goss seconded, and said that youth was the best time to acquire knowledge, lie alluded to the changes in the Church iii this colunv during '.he last 10 years, and expressed his picture at •seeing many who then were Sunday-school scholars now heads of families and holding high and honourable positions iu life. The l ev. J. Wats ford followed with a very interesting speech ' in which he expressed his belief, while giving' all praise to the teachers, that much greater good iroii d have been effected if thc-y had been more ! trained, and hud adopted a better plan 1 of tuition. He weidd to this end recommend tlie cstaulishment of a training class for teachers, j where they could be instructed themselves, and plan definite modes of operation. He also thought local classes would be of great benefit. The inotTou was carried. Several other speakers addressed the meeting, and the proc- cdiugs. which were varied by the excellent rendering of several anthems Ju an able choir, terminated about half-past 9 o'clock. The collections on Sunday and at the meeting realized altogether about .to!). St. Paul's Cuukcii Scxoay-School, Pout Adelaide. — Gn Thursday le-t tlie children a tending St. Paul's Church Simday-Sehool, port Adelaide, met fur their annual treat. Since the return from Europe of Sir. J. Hart, . M.P, and family, this treat has been j kindly provided by Mrs. Hurt. The teachers and j children having a3a.-111l1h.-1t at tlie rcbooir-ji.-in, j marched then c, jcecericd by jheir new baniu*'-. to I ilcnviilc Hail, where, being met by their kind friends, the boys gave three hearty cheers. A vary larpc Uiskclful of prizes in great variety awaited the children, who earnestly contended for them in many amu-ing «rames and races, under the direc tion of their patrons ami teachers. Mr. am! Mrs. Hart and family, the Eev. G. Man a t and lady, Mrs. A. Hall, Mrs. Ewliank, Dr. Duncan, ami .several other friends were ve; v assiduous in pro viding for the happiness of all around them. About f o'clock tlie children were hottntifullv fea-ted with tea, cake, &c.;, ill a large tent on the ground, and the teachers were afterwards enter : taincd at the hnii e. Tile teachers ami chvdren numbered nearly ri-i'l, conveyances being nrovi-led for the infant classes. The preatcs' possible order prevailed, and the ciiildren left the ground about .sundown, without having ihe opportunity- of thanking their friends in the manner intended. Norwood Young Men's association. — On j Monday evening Mr. W. Hidden gave a lecture to ] .the members and friends; of the Norwood Young Men's Association on die "Principles and Prac- \ tice of Phonography''—a subject which was made instructive and attractive by the help of diagrams, illustrations, and anecdotes. Thee was a large j audience, and Ml appeared to be interested in the j lecturer's remarks, which were made clear by the use of plain, pro \ ieal language, and an earnest | delivery. At the ciose of th ■ lecture the Rev. Mr. lhl>ets-»n proposed a vote of thanks for the able ami pli losopliical address which they had listened to, and remarked upon the many advantages which would he undoubtedly connected with a phonic j system of spelling and writing if the world gene rally could but he brought to adopt i. He referred j to instances which had come under his own obser- j V itiou of the ease and ra idity wi li which chil dren might he t3Ug'ut to read under such a system, and said he had no doubt as to the truth and value of its principle. The motion was seconded by Mr. Champion. The President. Mr. Wells, in putting j it to'the mee ing, remarked upon the erroneous j idea that the learning of phonography was detri mental to a knowledge i f ordinary spelling, but humorously a Ivised young ladies and gentlemen j when corresponding in shorthand never to omit the vowels; for lie hail read of a very serious and complicated mistake through a phonographer j having concluded a letter to a lady with -as lie in tended—the words "I now leave you," but which, through au ordinary omission of a vowel, she j understood to be "X now love you." The motion ! was then put and unanimously carried, after which some formal business was transacted and the meeting separated. Mil. J. 11. Austin's Lecture.—On Friday j evening. April 10, Mr. J. B. Austin delivered a lecture in the Adelaide Assembly Rooms, before an audience numbering about 20(1 persons. His Excellency the Go* emor occupied the chair. The lecture, which was very carefully written, was principally taken up with a description of the' country in the Far North, and was listened to with marked attention throughout. At its close a number of views, composed of sketches of various noticeable features in the landscape of the North, were exhibited by means of the magic lantern. • ther dissolving views and clironiatropes were also displayed udou the curtain. Convicts from Western Australia.—Our : Sydney telegram states that 40 conditional-pardon men have just arrived there from Western Australia. This is a timely omincnt on the transportation topic. Some questions on the subject of colonial tieket-of-leave men have, we see. been asked in both Houses of Parliament. Man Drowned at tkePort.—Early on Friday momiug Police-constable Low; her, while on duty on the Maclarcn Wharf, observed a man's cap on the whalegiece below the wliarf, and near the barge " tVho'd liave-tliouglic-it." He went on board the barge, and aroused a man who was asleep on board, who immediately recognised the cap as belonging to a seaman named Richard Hooper, also belong ing to the barge, but stated that lie was not on board. Lowther's suspicious being aroused, he proceeded to the police-station and obtained the assistance of the water police, who upon using the drags between Ihe barge and the wharf, discovered ! the body of the deceased man. Thebody was con veyed to the Wharf Hotel, and information having been sent to Dr. Woodforde {the Coroner), an mquest was held the same afternoou. It then appeared in evidence that the deceased was seen drunk the previous evening, and had been refused drink at the Britannia Hotel at Si o'clock, and ; again about II, which was the last time he was .seen alive; and it is presumed that in endeavour iug to goon hoard the barge lie must have fallen into the river. The J ury returned a verdict to that effect, and, at the suggestion of Dr. Woodforde, added a rider, complimenting Mr. Blackler, the landlord of the Britannia, for refusing to serve the deceased while in a state of iatoxicaiion. Mr. W. Hamilton not answering to his name when called upon to act on the Jury was lined £2. The Fort Adelaide Vjjunteer Artillert. —A gun-shed having been completed at the Port, two 6-pounder field-pieces were received from town on Thursday, and deposited therein. The company lias not been in practice since the guns were removed from the Port, about six months since, and towards the end of last year Captain Simpson and several of the non-commissioned officers and privates resigned. There were, how ever, several members of the corpS who were anxious to prevent its being" disbanded, and a movement was made to obtain recruits. This was so far successful that the company now muster about 30 men, about half that number being recruits, who have since been practising the pre liminary drill and use of the rifle. The whole company will assemble for standing gun drill on Saturday afternoon, and an order has been issued for the company to assemble at the beach on the arrival of the Djarnbi, to fire a salute. The guns were conveyed to the beach yesterday, so as to he in readiness, and a signal has been arranged so' that immediately the steamer is signalled the members will receive sufficient notice to enable tbern to assemble by the time the vessel is off the Lightship. Cottqn-GrotvtSg. —We have been informed that Mr. Andrew Travers, of the South Rhiue, has succeeded in raising from "half a pound of cotton seed about 5li3 -flourishing plants. They are, generally speaking, three feet apart, and some of them have attained a height of over four feet, and are at present loaded with blossoms and pods. We believe the soil on which they were grown consists of a kind of sandy loam, ami thai the seeds were plained about September. Mk. J. McOouall Stuart.—We understand that Mr. Irvine, the artist, lias received instruc tions to execute a full-length oil painting of Mr. Stuart the explorer, to be preserved in one of the public buildings of the city. '1 he Netherlands Steamer Djambi.—In anti cipation of the visit of this vessel to Fort Adelaide, the President of the Marine Board has given in structions to the signalman at the beach to hoist the telegraph flag (the signal for a steamer from the adjoining colonies), with the union jack under, as a distinction, as soon as she can be distin guished. Wesliall also heist the same signal at our office in town. Victoria Theatre.—The military drama "The Battle of Austc-rlitz" was repeated on Friday evening, and the bravery of St. Louis (Holloway), the drollery of Peter Pontoon Greville), the devoted loic of Constance (Mrs. Holloway), and the enterprising husband-hunting of Merial (Miss 13. Wiseman) were full appre ciated liy the spectators. The maypole dance in the first scene was admirably executed by all the characters, and drew down, as did Mr. Holloway"s singing of the "Marseillaise," hearty applause. Tile entertainment concluded with "The Loan of a Lover." This evening the amusing piece "The Middy Ashore" will he followed with, for the last time, "The Corsicau Brothers." 