THE 40TH REGIMENT. There are few objects in Adelaide at present more worthy of the sympathy and assistance of the public than the fund for the support of the wives and children of those soldiers of the 40th Regiment who have just left for the scene of war in New Zealand; nor could amateurs have selected a purpose which would be more worthy of public support than an endeavor to assist in augmenting the funds of such a charity. It was therefore very gratifying to see the Theatre so crowded as it was on Monday evening, when an amateur performance took place for the express object of aiding the relief fund to which we have referred. The piece selected for performance— and we must first compliment the amateurs for their selection—was the sterling English comedy "She Stoops to Conquer." Prior to the rising of the curtain the foUowing prologue was recited by Mr. Chas. Mann:— ** I come to speak the prologue to oar play. But feel uncommon basbfol, I must say. Behind the scenes there seemed not mash to fear. Bat everything looks changed when standi-]'- here. WQat mast be, must be, so with doe submission, I—ah—that is, I mean, with your permission, I take the liberty—that is. I make so bold. Some little of our purpose to unfold. To-night we scorn tbe dagger and tbe bowl, Throw by the basttiu, try tbe comic rale. And we, albeit anosed to tread the stage. Come boldly forth, for spot-ling's now the rage. Bat think not that we come to-night With idle thought, or for oar own delight. Onr soldiers went to join a valiant band. And die or conquer in another land; Yet blame them not, that as they left onr view. Their eyes were wet witb many a fond adieu. To every foe resistless in tbeir steel Still they are men, and Nature's claims they feeL Vainly you give the laurel—valour's meed— If yon unpitying let their chDdren need; We ask your aid to dry the mother's tear. The children's want relieve, and both to cheer; This done, we hope your kind applause to gun, And fondly trust we shall not hope in vain. Burlesques and Melodramas charm this age. And nature 'a well nigh banished from tbe stage. Alas, for public taste, when we can say. 'Its all for * Colleen Bawn' or * Peep O'Oay' Ever demands some startling new sensation, Till ghosts or murders cap each situation. The at-i£e should elevate as well as please- Both objects can't be gained by plays like these; Not c'en His Goo-renbeim could save such cases. But see her * Woffin-rton' in 'Masks and Faces.* That now's a part tbat must all fancies catch, As also ' Hester Grazebrook' in *Th' Cneqcal Match.' Ia Goldsmith's play, of murders we've not one; It you insist on thrilling scenes, we're done. Bnt should your wishes that way tend, I pray Tou'll' stoop to conquer' them without delay. We'll strive, tho' not the fashion ofthe day. To please you witb a genuine English play. There's fun in plenty, and we fain would hope That you'll bave no great cause to pine or mops. But slioidd our actors fail, yet still their cause Will win. rm sue, your generous, free applause. Pray don't be niggards in awarding praise— That's music most tbe lowest spirits raise. Should any one go wrong, reflect he's bnt a younker. And show yon really like' She Stoops to Conquer.' '* The play then commenced, and from the rising of the curtain to its fall was a continued and complete success. It was really surprising to see gentlemen so perfectly amateurs go through their parts, not only ' with ease and spirit, but in a manner which would eclipse the acting of many of the professionals ' we have had on the Adelaide stage. We confess to being most agreeably surprised, for we had not an ' idea that the comedy would be so well performed. ' Whatever little bitches there might have been in the acting here and there were quite forgotten, and were ' really not worthy of notice in the general excellence ] ofthe whole. Miss Gougenheim as Kate Hardcastle, Mrs. Bay as Mrs. Hardcastle, and Miss E. Wiseman, ' as Constance, ably sustained the female characters of the piece, and the spirit and humour they threw into ' their parts shewed their pecular talents to greater ' advantage than usuaL At the fall of the curtain ' there was a general burst of enthusiasm, and the { characters appeared en masse, but the audience were far from being satisfied with this, and loudly insisted upon the individual appearances of Tony Lumpkin, ' Young Marlow, aud Hardcastle. Between the pieces ! the orchestra, which was composed of Schrader's ' Band, and that of the First Adelaide Bines, | played a favourite set of quadrilles, and we may mention that during the evening a great variety ' of very pretty music was performed. The afterpiece was ' the farce entitled " A Shilling day at the Great Exhi tion," which was in its way as successful as the comedy, and kept the house in a continual burst of laughter. I The scene is supposed to be the South Australian ' department in the Exhibition, and tremendous merri- < ment was caused by tbe introduction of a certain well- ' known Comm-ssioner for one of the colonies, who duly exhibited to the Prince of Prussia and his atten- ' dants the peculiar produots of the province he ably represented. Altogether the evening passed off most ' agreeably, and we must compliment and congratulate the amateurs on their unmistakeable success. Of one ' thing we are sure, that though the evening's per- ' formances are over, the women and children for whose benefit they were intended will long remember with ' heartfelt gratitude the efforts so kindly and co gene rally made in tbeir behalf. 