ADELAIDE: SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1863. ' This is the iast act of the Bide Associa tion,' was tlie remark of a volunteer on the Park Lands on Wednesday. Our reply was, ' No, it is not the last act, bat the last scene of the first act. Next year will open with Act U, Scene 1, and no doubt it will be better produced and better appreciated than either of the three scenes in Act I.' There can be no doubt that the time has come when our AtiTwud Bine Programme must undergo a thorough re vision. We may be asked why we open up the question now, seeing that 12 months will elapse before the volunteers of South Australia meet again in friendly competition. The answer is, because now is the time when the unsuitableness of existing arrangements is most keenly felt. Now is the time, when the iron is hot, and now is the time to ' strike.' There are indeed a few who despise the volunteer movement, and who will rather emit in than mourn over its difficulties. With that ?few we have no sympathy. ' The many ' are of a different opinion, and it is pleasant to ioin with the majority, believing them to be in the right. The great majority of the public are in favor of the volunteer move ment, and are in favor of the annual rifle competition, considered as part of the volunteer movement. Bat whilst public feeling is in favor of perpetuating the matches, public feeling is decidedly against the matches as now carried on ; public feeling says it is a good thing badly arranged; public feeling says, either the pro gramme of the matches must be revised, or the matches themselves will cease; and public feeling calls aloud for reform — not for demoli tion. We may remark at the outset that we are finding no fault with Mr. Kingston, who is, and has been, the life and soul of the rifle competi tion. He has grappled with innumerable diffi culties in the best way he could, and has suc cumbed to them only when he could not triumph over them. No one else could do better.' It is not the man that is to blame, but the system, aad the same remark will apply to the Tiring Committee generally. The great complaint is — loss of time. This is really a most serious matter. ' Time is money' says the old adage; and though it does not follow that the man who has a great deal of time on hand is a great capitalist, it cannot be denied that the reckless waste of time is a folly near akin to the reckless waste of money. The colony cannot afford to spend a fortnight in rifle shooting. Enthusiastic riflemen may des perately enter for all the 'matches, and — con- trary to their notions of duty — persist in meeting, day after day, on the Park Lands. But they cannot afford it ; they know they are doing wrong; they are uneasy and fidgetty. they make bad scores, as men with uneasy minds always will do ; and they quit the matches mut tering 'curses not loud but deep' against the rifle competition and all connected with it. They not only lose their time and lose their money, but they lose their temper, and lose all interest in a movement which is carried out in a manner incompatible with their business engagements and domestic circumstances. All this must be altered ; it can be altered, and it only requires determination to effect the necessary reform. The great object to be Fected is — saving of time ; the means of accom plishing that object is — more targets. On the Park Lands, and at a very moderate outlay, two more butts might be erected, — one to the north of No. HI, and one to the south of No. I. All five of these butts should then be laid out with ranges from 1,000 yards, and with this amount of accommodation the whole of the matches might be completed in four days, and the whole of the volunteer matches in three days. This saving of time would be of vast importance to farmers and country settlers, and not only to country residents, but to people in town also, who are willing to devote three days a year to the rifle matches, but who cannot and will not devote a fortnight. In connection with the saving of time effected by means of an increased number of butts must also be considered the greater comfort and the much greater fairness of the shooting arrange ments. Under the present system one and the same match may be protracted over three or four days ; the result is most unequal and un fair. One squad fires on Monday in sunshine ; another squad on Tuesday in shade ; a third on Wednesday in wind ; a fourth on /Thursday in rain. Yet the scores of all these squads are recorded, side by side, without distinction, in the scorers' lists, though nothing can be more dis similar than the circumstances under which they fired. Comparison of shooting is out of the question, and we do not wonder at volunteers determining that either there must be a change, or they will cease to t enter for the annual matches. We have not, on this occasion, entered into the details of a new system; — there is yet time enough for that. What we wish to put upon record is — our opinion that there must be a new system; or the annual rifle matches will soon come to an end. With this note of warning we conclude for the present ; but we shall return to the subject when the matches are over. Al/EHOTTGH. it may appear almost a waste of time to discuss Parliamentary topics during the adjournment of the Legislature, we are notwith standing induced to add a few words to what we have already written on the subject of the newly acquired territory in the North. And the more we think of this question the more we regret that Mr. Baker was induced to forego 1Mb wish for a Committee of enquiry. No doubt the Government intend all for the best, and we are willing to admit that the present Government are above suspicion as to their thorough disin terestedness with regard to the policy they may frame for our newly acquired possessions. But, after all, what do they know of the question ? The present Cabinetis not a Cabinet of squatters, nor of travellers, and with the best possible in tention to do the very best possible thing for the colony, they may signally fail through lack of information. True they may constitute themselves a Committee of enquiry, and may take evidence on the subject generally, but we fear they have not done this. It is no reflection whatever Upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands to say that he knows no more of the requirements of the northern territory than he does of the require ments of the empire of Japan, and the majority pf Jus colleagues have no more information than himself. Had a Committee been appointed witnesses might have been called from amongst the members of our various exploring parties, and much useful knowledge gleaned relative to the natural features and capabilities of the country. Then, again, it would have been desi rable to have elicited information from persons who have stocked the outside runs of the province, for though these persons could only give conjectural information relative to the capabilities of the northern coast, it would at least be conjecture based upon approximate experience, whilst the conjectures of the Government are based upon absolute in experience. It is not to have Committees for the sake of having Committees that we plead for the course indicated ; — if the Government can invite witnesses and take evidence in any other way, we shall be equally satisfied, — but in the absence of all authoritative information on the subject, the mere possession of a skeleton map, a pair of compasses, and pen and ink, con stitutes but a sorry guarantee for a sound policy, even when backed by the very best possible in tentions. We have still to regret that although'the Bill has been some days in our possession we have not seen the ' Regulations' authorised by that Bill to be framed. The regulations — at all events the first set of regulations— ought to be laid before Parliament and the country simul taneously with the Bill itself. There is a growing tendency now-a-days to legislate by regulations, to separate from enactments the machinery essential to their operation. Acts are framed which are mere shells — the regula tions are the kernels, and the regulations are kept in the back ground, or are withheld as long as possible. We need not waste many words in proving that the regulations by meanB of which an Act is worked are frequently of more practical value than the Act itself. Everyone knows how true this is with regard to the Mineral Regulations. The intent of the framers of the Waste Lands Act may be either carried out or wholly frustrated by means of' regulations,' and the interpretation of those regulations. So now with Tefernce to the bill before Parliament for the disposal of lands on the northern coast, — the suitableness or otherwise of the provisions of the Bill will be very greatly dependent upon the regulations passed to give effect to it, and the public will be anxious to know what those regu lations are. We hope they will be immediately presented to Parliament. The Beal Estate Descent Bill, for abolishing the laws of primo geniture, is a measure which is to be worked by machinery to be supplied by another Bill. But that other Bill is not forthcoming, and will not be produced this session ; so that in passing a Bill to affirm a great principle the Le gislature are totally ignorant of the nature of the machinery intended to be brought forward to work that principle out. We look upon Bills which depend for their vitality upon fature Bills, and Bills which depend upon codes of regulations, as inherently defective ; the machinery — at least in its main features — should be appended to or incorporated with the mea sures embodying the principle, or where this is inconvenient, the leading points of the regula tions should certainly be submitted to Parlia ment for consideration at the same time with the Bills themselves. The Government ought to have something more than a Land policy with regard to North Australia; it will be necessary for them to have a general administrative policy, and the public are entitled to know what that policy is. There must be protection against aboriginal or piratical attack ; there must be the administra tion of justice as between the settlers ; there must be public works and improvements ; there must be communication between the new settle ment and Adelaide. In a very short time other questions of administrative policy will have to be determined, — in short, the responsibility of founding a new settlement under the auspices ol this portion of the province is a very grave one, and we trust the Government will avail them selves of all the information procurable on the whole subjects ? A shoet timb ago we received from our tele ' graphic reporter in Victoria a short but very striking account of a European who had been discovered amongst the aboriginals of the Queensland district, after living with them for many years, and becoming to a great extent naturalized to their habits. More recently a pamphlet has found its way into our hands written by the individual referred to, and con taining so graphic an account of his adventures that we have great pleasure in laying the sub stance of it before our readers. It will, in its quaint style of narrative remind many of that charming book of their childhood, Robinson Crusoe. It opens as follows : — 'I, James Morrill, was born on the 20th May, 1824, in the parish of Abridge, near Maldon, in the county of Essex, where my mother and father where also brought up from childhood before me. My father was a millwright and engineer by profession, and carried on bis business in Swan Yard, in connec tion with, an uncle of mine (James Hays). I had one brother, older than myself, and three sisters, who were younger. When old enough I was sent to the national school in the village ; an old soldier was the schoolmaster, Mr. George Bridge, who, among other things, taught us the manual exercise, and frequently put us through our facings. Nothing particularly marked my school course worth, mentioning ; I was as often as most boys of my age ready for a fight or a game. ' When I was about 13 or 14 years of age, and had acquired an ordinary education, such as was generally given in those days, and was old enough to be of use, I went with my brother to work in my father's shop. But I was of rather a restless dis position, the workshop was too confining for me, I was always glad of an opportunity to get away from it, if it was only for a day ; I was particularly pleased if I could get amongst the shipping, the facility for wbich^was great, as we lived so near the coast town, and so many small craft used to come up the River Biackwater, close to where I lived. Among the friends who used to visit my father's house was a Mr. James Firman, a pilot, who used to pilot the craft down the Biackwater River, at Maldon; I used frequently to go with him on the vessels he used to pilot out, and return with him in the pilot boat. Of course I was only allowed to go in fine weather; the fine white sails and the beautiful sea used auite to ravish me — I was always wishing to be a sailor — which I made no secret of. My father and mother used often to tell me that I should be glad to be at home again, which I found true enough La my after experience.' The story then recounts the particulars of numerous coasting aud other short voyages made by Morrill, until at length he engaged on board a troop-ship for Tasmania. 3?rom Tasmania he shipped for Sydney, and on the 24th of Feb., 1846, shipped on board the Peruvian, Captain Pitketheley, for China. They appeared to have had rough weather almost from the time of sail ing, but there is nothing particular until the fatal day when the vessel was wrecked, the details of which are thus recorded : — 'At daylight a terrible scene presented itself, aa far as the eye could reach there were the points of the rocks awash, but no friendly land in view. The captain ordered the jollyboat to be got over the side, sb that seemed our only chance of escape. We bung her in the tackles, but no sooner lowered her within reach of the water than she stove to pieces in the broken water and became useless. We now had only the longboat left, which was old and shaky. The captain ordered us to launch it over the side, which we did, intending to keep her there till we got the passengers and provisions into her, and then cat our selves away. But no sooner was she pat over the side than the spray and broken water filled ber as she hung in the tackle. The captain ordered some hands into her to bail her out, but it was so unsafe that none would risk their lives in her excepting the first mate, who was the captain'B brother. Before he had got out a couple of buckets the sternpost was jerked oat of her and left hanging in the tackles ; at the same time the fore tackle got adrift, and she was carried away from the wreck with, the force of th.9 current. Lines were thrown out, but none reached him. There was a live sheep in the boat beside the mate. He then calmly sat in the bows of the boat, «nd bid good bye to his brother and lister, awaiting the will of Godj presently he disappeared from sight, j and was seen no more. He could not have lived | loag. Our position being now apparently hopeless, the captain called us all into the cabin, where we engaged in religious exercises and commended our selves to God in prayer. We then went on deck again, and discussed the propriety of making a raft ; our chances of being picked up were bo small, and not knowing but^that we might be washed off our present resting-place with the nest sea, decided us in taking active steps in whatever we did. We accordingly set to work and cat away the spara of the ship, and Sxed them — first the mizenmast, then the mainmast ; but it was very difficult to make use of them, for they same down with the sails all flying, an-l they got very much entangled. With these and some small spars we had in- board we had enough for our purpose. The large outside spars we rested partly on the rocks and partly on the wreck ; we lashed and nailed them 3trongly together, and in the centre we fixed a mast and platform of light spars to enable us to sit and lay out of the water. When finished the next difll sulty was to get it adrift. With great labor we managed to get it first off the ship's quarter on to the rock all safe, and then into the water ; this we accomplished by middle day Sunday. We then began to look up the provisions, and to our dismay we found the bread all utterly spoilt with salt water, and the preserved meat which we had previously piled on deck to put in the boats was nearly all washed over board, unobserved in our confusion. To add to our misfortune, there was nothing left whole that would hold water, excepting a small keg. All we could muster then was, a few tins of preserved meat, the small keg of water, and a little brandy. This being carried safely on the raft, and placed under the captain's charge, the ladies and children were got on, also the captain's instruments and charts, and some blankets and clothing. We were at last all on the raft, and it was our intention to stay by the wreck a few days, and if possible build a boat, as there were some boat planks aboard. During the night, how ever, the strength of the current and the dead weight of the raft caused her to part her moorings, and we were carried to sea. There were on the raft three ladies, two children, two gentlemen passengers, the captain, carpenter, eailmaker, cook, four able seamen, including myself, four apprentices, and two blackmen, atoaways, working their passage — in all 21 souls. ' It was agreed that the stores should be given out eqnally amongst us, and that there should be no lots drawn to take away each other's lives. One tablespoonful of preserved meat a-day waa served out, and the water was measured in the neck of a glass bottle, four to each person — the meat about 12 o'clock in the day ; the water, one in the morning, two in the middle of the day, and the other in the evening All went on as well as could be expected under the circumstances, for 22 days. The current and our small sail carried us about 40 miles a-day ; at first we caught a few birds which were a great treat, their blood was greedily drunk, and their raw flesh eaten with gusto ; but as we neared the land we caught none. The weather was fine throughout ; in the daytime there would be a light wind, which died away at sundown. The captain took sights occasionally. On the 22nd day out we saw a sail in the distance, which kept in sight about four hours, but finally disappeared, we having no means of attracting its attention, which greatly disappointed us. ' A few days after this the first man died (James Quarry), leaving his child to survive him for a short time ; he said the day before that he waa dying, and that he should not live long. As soon as he died he was stripped and thrown over, the sharks devouring him instantly before our eyes. The next day or so we caught a fine rock cod fish with a line and hook baited with a bit of white rag, which was cut up in equal parts and served out. We caught another fish smaller the next day, and another the following day. The preserved meat had all run out. It then rained, but the sail was so soaked with salt water that we could not drink what we caught till the salt waa well nigh washed out of it. We managed to get enough t eke out our small store before it cleared up again. The sucking child of Mrs. Wilmot was the next to die, and shortly afterwards the other little girl, and next to her Mrs. Wilmot herself died. Her husband then took off what clothing she had on, which was only a night dress, and threw her into the sea, but he told us that if we were men we would not look at her ; she remained in company with us longer than the others floating on the water; she waa observed near us about 20 minutes. The burial service was read over each. At this time they dropped off one after the other very rapidly, but I was so ex hausted myself that I forget the order of their names. 'We next began to think how we should obtain food, our only fishing line had been broken and carried away. We had more hooks but no more line. There were plentv of sharks about and we tried to catch them. The captain devised a plan to snare them with a running bowling knot, which we did as follows : — We cut off the leg of one of the men that died and lashed it at the end of the oar for a bait, and on the end of the other oar we put the snare, so that the fish must come through the snare to get at the bait. Presently one came, which, we captured and killed with the carpenter's axe ; we cut his head off and flayed him. The sailmaker was looking at its head and eating it, he pnt his hand in its mouth, which gave him a severe bite ; he did not want any of that shark to to eat, for he had quite enough by sucking his own blood, which he said had quite filled him, and waB both victuals and drink too. The rest of us made a fine meal off him. Three days after that we caught another one in the same way, and with the same bait, which we cut up in strips and dried, which, was much better. We then caught another and did the same with it. Oar numbers by this time were very much, reduced. Shortly after this we made the Barrier Beef; we came down upon it driven by a strong current : we managed after a great deal of trouble to get her clear over it in deep water before dark. Two days after this we came in sight of land, which appears to have been Cape Upstart. We were not a long way out at sea, and at night we passed it. Two or three days after wards we saw the land once more, and were driven towards Cleveland Bay, but just as we were preparing to get ashore in the hopes of getting water, a land breeze sprung up and drove us out to sea again. During the night, however, the sea breeze drove us in shore once more, and eventually, about midnight, we landed on the Southern Point of Cape Cleveland. One or two tried to get water bat were not successful, so we laid down on the sand and went to sleep. Presently it came on to rain, which filled the holes in the rocks and we filled oar tins. While on the raft the Captain cut a notch in apiece of wood every day, and on counting them there were 42 ; and of the 21 who left the wreck alive only 7 remained — the Captain, his wife, Mr. George Wilmot, myself, James Gooiey, the sailmaker, and one of the boys.' Few narratives of shipwreck are more pain fully interesting than the foregoing. The pamphlet goes on to describe the shifts and contrivances to which the sufferers were driven, and proceeds as follows : — ' After we had been 14 days on the shore we were seen by some of the natives. It appealed that for several nights they had observed fatting stars in one particular direction — the direction of the rocks on which we were. They also it afterwards appeared have a kind of superstition in reference to falling stars, they think that they point out the direction of a hostile tribe. Something, however, more than usual possessed the minds of these blackfellows, and they bent their steps in the direction the stars fell, and came on to the coast, where they immediately discovered fresh made tracks, which they followed up till they came to a camp fire at the place where the boy had camped the preceding night. Indeed he had only just left. He had got two large boils on his leg, and he was not able to get to the general camping ground the previous night, but as soon as possible in the morning he came away; and it was a few minutes after he had gone the blacks came on his track. They followed Mm up at a distance and saw him, but as there were so many tracks they did not come near nor show themselves, they 'tracked him down till he came to the captain's wife — I and the captain were out. They then arranged that one of them should stay in sight and the other two should go to the camp and bring some more — they brought about -J0 or 30. When I returned in the evening, the captain's wife said sbe had heard the nativeB jabbering and whist ling ; I did not think she had. When the captain came home she told him, and while we were talking about it — about 10 minuteB after the captain came home — she heard the same noises again. She imme diately jumped up aad went outside to see what it waa ; 'she looked up on the rocks, and there, sure enough, she saw a number of the naked blackfellows. She exclaimed — ? Oh George, we have come to our last now, here are such a lot of the wild blacks.' We went out to see, and there they were. They were as afraid of us as we were of them. Presently we held up our hands in supplication to them to help us ; some of them returned it ; after a while they came among us and felt us all over from head to foot. They satisfied themselves that we were human beings, and hearing us talk, they asked us by signs where we had come from. We made signs and told them we had come across the sea, and seeing how thin and emaciated we were, took pity on us ; they asked us as well aa we could understand where we were going to sleep. We showed them in the rock. They came in with us ; we were going to give them some of our things, but we found while we were engaged talking, some of the others had been in and eased us of everything. Eventually about 10 of the old men came in the cave-like hollow soek that we had made our camping place, to sleep with us, and they kept us separated by laying between us. They kept up a constant jabber among them selves, which led to a second and more minute exami nation of our persons, to ascertain our sex, which seemed necessary to them on account of our being clothed. The captain's wife strongly resisted, but they persisted, and when they found we were like themselves — male and female — they were satisfied, j and did not further interfere with us. They seemed to understand that the captain and his wife bore that relationship by their being always so close together, and they never afterwards troubled us. We got some light sleep during the night. At daylight the next morning, there was great commotion among the blacks, as to what should be done with us. There were present representatives of two different tribes — the boy and myself were claimed as relatives of one tribe who had jumped up white fellows — they camped about Mount Elliott ; and the captain and his wife were similarly claimed by the tribe belonging to Cape Cleveland. Not content with taking all that we brought with us on the raft, they commenced to strip us. They took the boy's trousers off, but he begged to be allowed to keep his shirt and sou' -wester, pointing to the sun, to make them understand that it would kill him ; they seemed to understand, and allowed him to retain them. They then took the captain's clothes all off; and when they came to me and the captain's wife, we made signs to them that we were afraid of the sun, so they let us retain them. Presently, seeing that we had our clothes on and that the captain was without his, they gave him them back again. They then gave us some small roots to eat, about the size of small marbles, which we ate, and enjoyed them much — they pasted like nuts. They pointed to our stomachs, to make us understand they knew we were hungry : and to their own that they had plenty. They also pointed to the bush to tell us if we came with them, they would give us plenty to eat and drink. On our signifying our intention to go with them, they were very glad, and wanted us to join with them in a corroboree, but as we could not, we thought we should please them by singing a hymn, I accordingly gave out a hymn I knew — God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform, &c.; to the ead, which we sung, and which amazed them much. While we were by ourselves in the cave every night, we read the Bible, sung hymns, and prayed, as we had done on the raft ; we had among the few books we took with us from the wreck, a Prayer book, Bible, and hymn-book.' The story then proceeds at some length to relate many curious circumstances in reference to the aboriginals of the district, in which fear, curiosity, and wonder are strangely blended^ In these details a long period seems to have been absorbed j in fact, the author of the story scarcely knows how long. AU he can say is, ' time ran on ;' but whether ' time' is to be measured by months or years he does not tell us. It is, however, pretty clear that a length ened period is intended, and many romantic and harrowing incidents occurred in the meanwhile. About three years prior to his deliverance Morrill heard that a white man had been seen in that part of the country, and he not unnatu rally conceived the idea of getting away from his aboriginal friends. Afterwards other reports came in, and - Morrill gleaned from the descrip tion of the natives that white men were un doubtedly on. that part of the continent. Ic is an unhappy circumstance that his first know ledge of the contiguity of white men was derived from the reports that numbers of the aboriginals had been shot dead by their strange visitors. When' in the neighborhood of the. Burdekin Biver, Morrill says : — 'I received almost daily reports of the white people. There were two white men and a black boy con stantly in the neighborhood where I was — the black boy being a very great favourite among the ginB. I was about a moon and a half from the place where they were, at one of our fishing grounds (Bokodally), and I left to try and see them, but could not. So I returned to our head camping ground again. I shortly after heard of the cattle being on the river in great numbers, and of a man being on horseback with a stock whip which he cracked, and they thought it was a gun, on hearing which, they got up the trees quite frightened. They saw him get off the horse and drink some water with his hands, but the water being hot, he scraped the sand aside and got some eool, a little black dog was with him lying on the sands. They described to me that there were so many cattle, that they had drunk all the water that was in the hole, they said they would have got the fish out only they were too much afraid. Hearing this, I was very anxious to find out the white settlement, for I felt sure there was one not very far off, but having been with the blacks so long, they were not willing to let me go, telling me I should be mistaken for a black fellow. And hearine of the blacks having euns I could not make it out, and was afraid myself, lest if I met one of the blackfellows he would not be able to understand me, and I could not tell whether I should be able to make a white man understand me, being away so long. The next news I heard was that about 15 blackfellows of a fishing party belonging to the tribe I waB living with, were shot down dead. I told them it served them right ; if they would let me go to them and show me where they were, I might be the means of saving their lives. They reasoned among themselves that what I said was true, and they agreed to go on a hunting expedition on a bill called by the natives. (Yamarama), which was about about halfa mile from the station. But thinking that the white men were the same as themselves, they were not sure whether they were there. When we got to the hill, we spread our nets and commenced our work, and while we were hunting the old women went down as spies to look for the white men. They brought word back that there was a large hut, and that they had seen red and white blankets hanging on the stock yard fences, and heard a dog bark, and an old sheep bleating tied up to a tree ; they also heard the report o{ a gun twice, but could not see where it came from. I then wanted to go and see for myself, bat the man I was living with was not willing without somebody was with me. So he made his gin go with me. When we got clear of the bill going down, towards the hut, we saw the sheep feeding in the grass, the sight of which bo frightened the gin, she not having seen any before, that she ran away back. I looked at the sheep but could not see the shepherd ; so I went further on and came to a waterhole, where I washed myself to make myself as white as possible. I went on still further till I came to the sheep pens, and saw the blankets and sheep as the gin had told me. I also saw the smoke of the fire in the hut, and heard noises. I stood behind the yard some minutes not knowing what to do, and how best to make myself known. Presently, I took courage and got on the fence to prevent the dogs from biting me, and called out so that they might hear me, ' What cheer, shipmates.' There were three staying in the hut, but there were only two at home then. They heard me, and knowing it to be a strange noise, one of them came out and saw me there — neither black nor white — naked, and looked surprised ; he went in again and told his mate. I understood him to say, come out Bill, here is a red or yellow man standing on the rails, naked ; he is not a black man, and bring the gun. But be fore they had time to use the gun, I said ' do not shoot me, I am a British object — a shipwrecked sailor.' Of course I meant subject, but in the ex citement of the moment I did not know what I said. One said to tlie other ' he 6ays he is a shipwrecked sailor' — one of the men's names it appears was Hatch, the other Wilson, who had been a sailor him self — all(i they told me to come round the stock yard, which I did — they meeting me half way ; they cross-questioned me and I told them when and where I was wrecked, and all about my misfortunes. They asked me whether I knew what day and what date it was. I told them no ; they then told me that it was Sunday, the 25th January, 1863. They reckoned back to 1846, when I was lost, and told me it was 17 years, and asked me if I thought it was so long. I said no ; not half so long. After talking some time they took me in the hut and gave me a piece of bread, and asked me if I knew what it was. I told them it was made with flour ; I tried to eat a piece, but I was so over joyed that it stuck in my throat and I could not get it 'down. Beside, I was not hungry, for we had caught 20 small grey wallabys during the day, and we had plenty to eat. They gave me some tea and asked me if I knew what it was ; I said yes, but that it was too sweet. I had not been accustomed to sugar, and so they put some water to it. After I had been in the hut for some time they told me to* look out and tell them what I saw. I saw a large flock of sheep with their third companion, coming home — he was a Scotchman, named Creek. They then wanted to give me some clothes, but I told them I had better go back to the natives who were on the hills in the dis tance, where we had been hunting all day, just as I was to tell them to go away towards the seacoast, and I would return in the morning, which they agreed to, and instructed me to tell them that if they did not interfere with us, we should not interfere with them. They also told me that if I did not come back in the morning they should conclude I had told them a lie, and that they would put the black trackers on our track and shoot us. ' When I left them I went back to the hills to the blacks, and they began, to surround me and ask me whether I had seen, the white people and bow many there were. I was obliged to tell them that there were a great many people, many more than them selves, and plenty of guns, and that if they went near they would be killed before they got there. I told them the white men had come to take their land away. They always understand that might not right is the law of the world, but they told me to ask the white man to let them have all the ground to the north of the Burdekin, and to let them fish in the rivers ; also the low grounds they live on to get the roots — ground which is no good to white people, near the sea- coast and swampy. They asked me what I intended to do. I told them I was going to stay that night, but in the morning I must go back, or they would come and track me np and shoot us all. They said per hapB they are doing so now. I assured them they were not but that we must go further away. So we went four or five miles and camped. The next morn ing they all came round me again, and finding I was bound to go, they asked me if I would be back again in a few days. I told them no, I should be away quite three or four moons. They then said you will forget us altogether ; and when I was coming away the man I was living with burst out crying ; so did his gin, and several of the other gins and men. It was a touching scene. The remembrance of their past kindness came full upon me and quite overpow ered me. There was a Bhort struggle between the feeling of love I had for my old friends and compani ons and the deBire once more to live a civilised life, which can be better imagined than described. ' I then left them and came on to the hut. The men were glad to see me, and they took me down to the waterhole, washed me with soap and flannel, and brought me up and gave me some clothes. That day we tried to cross the river to get to the head ststion to get their rations, but it was too swollen. We jame back, and at night they killed a sheep and looked me* a chop of it. I remained a fortnight in case ;he natives should come to look for me ; but none of them ever came in sight. I then gave myself up to Mr. Meyers, who left me in charge of Mr. Salting, af Hiffling cattle-station, until the return of the Corn' missioner's orderly from the Panning River, who accompanied me safely into the town of Bowen. I sxperienced great kindness from Mr. W, H. Thomas ind Mr. P. Somers, who gave me clothes and made j. subscription for me in my necessities.' We now subjoin a few extracts relati7e to the Siabita, &c;, of the aborigines of that part of the continent : — '? The aboriginals among whom I have been living are a fine race of people, as to strength, size, and general appearance ; but like those of other parts of this colony, they are treacherous, jealous, and cun ning. They are not black : they are more the colour of half-castes. When born they are nearly white, but when they are three days old, the gins squeeze their own milk on them, and rub charcoal into their skins to make them black and shine. They have sunken eyes, broad noses — which are made so by their parents in infancy — and broad mouths. The infants are allowed to suck at the breast a long while; indeed, until they are old enough to get their own food. I have seen a child sucking at the breast with its next brother or sister. I have also seen the little things working in the swamps with their mothers, getting roots, and every now and then go and take a suck at the breast. The women have very few children, sel dom exceeding four, and very seldom more than one at a time. I know of about four cases of twins. I also remember that in one case when there was a boy and a girl born to a woman, the father killed the boy and saved the girl — to save the trouble of bringing them up — for they are very lazy. It caused however a great disturbance in the camps among their friends, who thought they ought to have brought them up. The women go in the swamps the next day after their confinement as usual to gather food, as though nothing had happened. The men have several wives, in some instances as many as eight or nine — and it is about their wives that all the wars, fights, and feuds occur ; they steal them from each other and frequently lend them, or sell them for a time, for a slight consi deration. ' They never stay long in a locality ; as one place becomes a little exhausted of food they travel to another. In the wet; and cold season they put up small gunyahs to live in, but in no particular order. They live in tribes, each tribe speaking s different dialect ; it can hardly be/jalled a different language ; could speak eight of these dialects. They have no chiefs — the strongest is the beet man.' # # # # # ' Some cocoa nuts used to wash ashore sometimes, I suppose, from the other islands, as I never saw them growing in my rambles. There is plenty of honey in the hollows of trees, from the native honey bees. They eat honey, combs, bees, and all, if they are hungry. There is plenty to eat if they are not too lazy to fetch it. Human flesh cannot be considered a part of their food, although they sometimes eat it. They eat young men killed in battle, or if killed by accident, also young women and children, but never those of their enemies. They cut their enemies up in stripes, dry them, and distribute the pieces through the tribe, by which means they think they have their enemies' strength added to their own, and that they will be lucky in hunting and fishing. ' They have no written language whatever, and consequently very little tradition. It is very gnttural in sound and extremely limited in power of expres sion. Of course they have no means of teaching their language but by imitation and memory, assisted by their wants. The different animals are arranged according to the size of their feet ; hence the sheep have the same name aa their wallabys (cwrgoon), all kinds of sailing vessels have the same name as their canoes, because they float on the water (woolgooraj. The heavenly bodies are named differently, the sun is (ingin), which they think is a body of fire, because of its warmth, and especially so since they saw us light rag with a burning glass. The moon (werboonhurrqj, thev say is a human being, like themselves, and comes down on the earth, and they sometimes meet it in some of their fishing excusions. They say one tribe throws it up and it gradually rises and then comes down again, when another tribe catches it to save it from hurting itself. They accordingly think there is a new sun and moon every day and night. There is a large open space on Mount Eliott with not a vestige of vegetation on it, whilst up to the very margin of it is a thick scrub, and they told me it was done by the moon, who once threwhis circle stick round it, meaning his boomerang, and cut it off. Throwing the sun and moon up by one tribe and catching them by another will easily be recognised as their explana tion of the rising and setting of those bodies. They have no knowledge of the earth beyond the locality they inhabit. The stars and comets are both the same in name fmilgoolerburdaj. They think the falling stars indicate the direction of danger, and that comets are the ghosts or spirits of some of their tribe, who have been killed at a distance from them, working their way back again, and that they come down from the clouds on the coast. We saw one this last dry season which they thought was one of the tribe who had been killed in war. They think all the heavenly bodies are under their control ; and that when there is an eclipse, some of their tribe hide it with a sheet of bark to frighten the rest. There was, about six years ago, an eclipse of the sun — nearly a total eclipse — the only one I saw, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. I asked an old man what it meant, and he told me his son had hid it (the sun) to frighten another of his tribe. But they are very uneasy during its continuance ; they pick up a piece of grass and bite it, making a mumbling noise, keep ing their eyes steadily fixed on it till it passes over, when they become easy again and can go to sleep com fortably. They think they have power over the rain (durgiin) to make it come and go as they like. The rainbow (terebare) they think is the clouds spewing fish in the lagoons, aud roots on the hills, or some thing for their good, wherever the end points. They are very frightened of thunder (teegoora) and light ning (timulba), although I never knew an instance of any harm being done with the lightning. They have no knowledge of how they came into existence ; they think they live and die like dogs, but there is a kind of innate fear of death, and they have some thought that they will jump up whitefellows. The reference before to their friends in the comets point to some undefined hereafter, but the knowledge of the future is nearly obliterated. They told me that their fore fathers witnessed a great flood, and nearly all were drowned ; only those who got on a very high, moun tain (Bibbiring&a;, which is inland of the north bay of Cape Cleveland) were saved. I understood them to refer to the flood mentioned in Scripture, espe cially as they say only a few were allowed to go up. ' They can only count five — (Woggin) 1, (Boolrag) 2, fQoadjooJ 3, (Munwool) 4, (Murgai) 5. For any number beyond these they put up their ten fingers together ; beyond that again, the ten fingers of another person, and so on for three or four persons, till they come to a moon ; and when they have refe rence to fish, roots, or things in general, they can only say a few or plenty. They measure time by moons, and wet and dry seasons.' te The natives get fire by friction, by rubbing two soft pieces of wood together of the same kind ; they generally use the wood of the black fig as being the easiest. They take a branch off a little thicker than your finger, split it up, and put it on the ground — the flat side upwards — and hold it down with their feet. They then take a sound piece, round and straight, about 12 inches long, and put one end on the flat side of the piece on. the ground, holding it up between their hands, and then commence rolling it rapidly between them, pressing it into the piece beneath, so that it begins to make a hole in it as though they were boring it. After they have done that for a minute or two tbey make a notch on the side of the piece at the bottom, so that the fine dust they make while the boring process is going on shall fall down on some dry grass they have there to catch it ; they then repeat the rolling process till sparks come, at last pick up the dry grass with the dust in it, and blow it till it lights up. 'The ceremony of making the lads young men takes place about once every six years ; I remember there have been four while I was with them. For eight or nine months immediately previous they have to go into the bush to provide for themselves, during which time they are never allowed to see a female ? this is to test their fitness to take a wife. If they do see a female they think they will waste away. After the nine months are over they are brought inio the camp 5 cane rings are put on their arms and tightened very much, so as to stop the circulation of the blood. Their arms swell very much, which puts them in great agony; they are then left in that torture all night— their crieB are terrible to hear. To keep their fingers from contracting, and thus deforming them, they sit with their hands and fingers spread out on the ground, with the heels of their feet tightly pressed on them. In the morning they are brought out in the presence of their mothers, sistess, and relatives 5 and just above and below the mark of the caae ring on, their arms they make small incisions to let the blood flow and prevent inflammation. While this is being done, their mothers and relatives are crying and cutting themselves from head to foot with sharp stones, in token of joy at seeing them. When this is somewhat subsided, places have previously been, provided for them to sleep under, with boughs to shade them from the sun, as they could get no sleep of course during the night. While they are sleeping the old gins go into the swamps and get roots to make cakes for them, by the time they get up in the evening, while the men get all the young men's spears they have been carrying with them during the nine months tbey have been away, and fix them in the earth on a clear space in a semi-circle, fastening from head to head of the spears grass festoons. In the evening all being ready, they wake up, generally about 80 in number at a time, and they are each seated under a festoon in a reclining position. Then their sisters or female cousins lay with their heads on their swollen arms, to press down the swollen and cut places, and they believe nothing harmful will come of it after that. While they are laying there, a lot of cakes are thrown up and scrambled for by the lookers on, who had gone through the ceremony before them ; they then go to their several fires. la the morning they are taken a little way in the bush again, and dressed up with shells, and the down of birds stuck on their heads, painted, and made to look to the best advantage ; they are then brought back to choose and take their sweethearts, and the whole ceremony closes with a grand corroboree. ' After this is over, there is a good deal of quarrelling and fighting among them. They steal the wives of the old and weak men, and daughters from their parents, which leads to fighting, and often extends between two tribes, and then there is a war, which is not, however, of a very sanguinary nature. They often get some terrible blows, and sometimes one gets killed. But they cannot keep it on for many hours, for they are forced to go and get suppiies in the shape of food, in the swamps, and they seldom renew the conflict. ' They are very strict in their relationship. When girls are about ten years old they are not allowed to sleep with their brothers at the same fire. The in tended mother-in-law of a young man is not allowed to look at him, until such time as the before-mentioned ceremony is over. And as families they are very distinct. They burn their dead, and carry the burnt remains about in a sheet of bark, tied up, about twelve months, and when tired of it they throw it in a water-hole. Their tomahawks (bullgoo) are made of stone, and latterly they have got a deal of iron (bingulburra) among them, with which they make a kind of chisel, by fastening a piece between two pieces of wood at the end, with which they make their spears, boomerangs, &e.;' 