THE CHURCH IN AMERICA. (From the Inverness Advertser, May 1.) There has just been published a volume entitled "Nine Months in the United States," by the Rev. Dr. Fiseh, pastor of the French Evangelical Chorch in Paris. Dr. Fisch arrived in the United States seven months before the commencement of the war, and stayed there two months after. The object of his journey and residence appears to have been to see all that could be seen of the people'and especially of their relicious life.. Two of the most interesting chapters of his narrative are devoted to the " Unity of the American Church,"' but tlhroughout the book are scattered notices of the character of the religious life in America, and the influenoe which it exercises over the national welfare and habite. Thus he explains one ot two features :of politioal life by reference to the rank which rehligion occupies. "There is not," he says, " the smallest village that does not cut the horizon with seveeal belfries. And these churches, exceedlngin number forty thousand, have all been built and are all maintained by private individual. There miist be extraordinary vitality in the rehligious feeling of a country where religion has conquered for itself the first place, in spite of many .causes that tend zo weaken it, and where the State.systemitiocllyabstginsfrom reader. ing itany assistance." Dr. Fisch goes on to tell us that experience proves that, the American solutioi of the religious question. is "as beneficial in its results as it is simple and logical." How? First in the extent of its success: "The aspectof America,": says Dr. Fisch, "is a powerful apology forO Christianity. It numbers not less than fourty four Evangelical Churches belong. lng to ve sor six distinct groups who recognise not external authority. Religious thought acts with perfect independence. Theology is taught in hundreds of seminaries having between them no other tie than that of Christian love, and no other relations than those of co-operations. Yet in all these places the great doctrines if the Gospel are taught with equal cheerfulness and vigour. These churches possess in common the vital doctrines of the.Divine inspiration oftlhe Seriptures, the fall of man,. ..he Trinity, xdespption ,by :ts atoning sacrifice of the Saviour, gratuitious salvation, justi fication by faith, re.generation by the Holy Ghost. Ah I if we sigh after that day for ourEurope when the Church shall be'eesp-ted-from the. State; it Zis that we know how favourable this system is to the triumph of Christian truth.' Further on we are presented with the following valuable fascts:-" At the census 1850 thtere were 36,000 abtiuhess Thiiere are now forty-eight thou. land. By couanting one pastor for each church, which is a small allowande, ,we get a budget of £4,800,000 to meet the expenses df worship-that is to say, a budget thrice the amsount of that of Fra-ue-the funds of which .budgets are entirely supplied by the congregations.. Besides this, the total value of.base'fortyeight thousand eburches is At8,040,000. sterling, which:- sum .bas been sub. ecribed by private individuals. .Every year twelve hundred additional ehurhes are built at a cost of £l,000,000. To this is to be added the budget for snperibr instruction which is altogether supplied'by liberality, and also the budget of lnocumerable philanthropic and religions societies, which also amount to not less thawt £2,000,000; Next, Di. Fiseb idihates unity of the church "You never.heai' of sects in the United Church," says our author, and he contrasts the genial, cour. teouens spirit that characterises. the eocleeasti a' journalism of America with tite carping habits of European writers. " Not ene of them can say to the rest, 1 am the Church, you are Dissenters" Where there is no superiority there is no jealousy. How that state of thing operates with respect to tihe civil constitution, to church property, to marriage, to ministerial character, to theology, and to pubhlic instructions, are rapidly reviewed; the author's summary being that " while the state has no reason to complain of the liberty allowed the church, the latter has raobundant reason to congratulate itself. The American Church derives hlom this liberty that vitality and influence which gives it the superiority over all churches in the old world." 