ÏOTJKÔ MEN'S PUBSBSSBBIAN INSÏIXUTEV-The asasl fortnight!; meeting of tbe members of the YouDg Men's. .Presbyterian Iostitole-was bold last evening in tba Free Chareb, Macquarie.street. Mr. G. Reid presided,.snd an j essay, tbe subject being " the Cultivation of ootlorj," and possessing maoh interest,, was read by.-Mr. Marva/, A unanimous Tole of thank" w,s given to the essayist, and tbe members present after making.' some lengthened romarbsupon the sabjaal-of eisav, 80,a>-«'.ed*< GbsoMBtfs IKQUBST -An inquest tonobing .the death of a man aged 32 yeoro, named Petor Harton, mts held 'yesterday morning before tbe City Coroner,*.at tba Observer Tavern, George-street North. . Sesee tod waa a native of Canada, and a- Beaman by.eilliog. Orr-tbn 4th of tb» present month lie. joined the American ship. King, fisher, ol Boston, Wimont Freeman, junior, master, at Melbourne, wSiob port the vessel Is/t tor Sydney on tba Oth instant. On the- evening of tbe 12lh instant, de« oeased, when oat onthe jibboom casistiog to rednos sail, was seized witb a flit; one of tb» other «eunsn caught him as be was falling, and be waa, brought gently in by the- jjib halliards.. .He was placed in bierbank and attended to by the chief officer. . Tba following morning the aaptiia vont to.tbo-foreaaBtle and administered some purgative medicina to him. Ha did very little work on board. On Sündenlast he.went.on deok, jresomed work, andi on the 19ia> instant (the following.day) tbe vessel arrived in this port. About /oar o'clock on Boated ey moiniog deoeaeed waa again . seined with fita, .und oon. tinned in them antil be expired, about lOto'elook in the , foronoon. About 3 -ofelojk the jame morning the master,. s when leaving tho vessel to go on shore,,Bald that be . ' would send omodloaJ man on board, bat-no medioal men , Btw deoeosed belora bis deatbt.. Dr. Hamilton examined i tho body, and was af opinion that death .«ea caused by , , apoplexy. Hs thengbt that deceased bad.naen wrongly , ; tceoted, and shon-ld bave rsoaived medlqsli' advice tinea , . the vessel arrivad. No donbt bis brain was effected ; will disease aoased by drink. Verdict, died from a fit n. . ?M*r7ôf'proonrTng^rn^dioal advloe fox deaeoaed after the. '" aitival of the vessel. . Prince of Wales Theatre.—A really excellent oomedy wao>piodaaed hat evening (ot lt« firat lime in , Sydney- " Everybody.'« I?rlend"'»-"-wh:ob would on. doubtedly have borne repetition if.playpd at an eirlior, perled of Ur. Jefferson's engagement. Tbe obaraotar of Í Ce Boats ia one exactly Baited ta,, hie. pecalisrly happy, ; temperament, and aided aa be wes bp the entire perap-. aale of the theatre, ho caused the enosesB of tba- pifoev. i'B favourable reoopttor», .end .the amusement of the audN.. once. "The Conjugal Lessan" coaojnded tba, peifor, manoen ; Mr. Jefferson's rxraonajiou of Simon, I,iilfabj> ezolted BB mnob laughter BS on. prevfaaB oeaaBion. '. DDAZH in PAiiiipiaouns^. GAOI,..-A oonflcss, nemagl George SWOD, ander neníense in Darlinghurst Gaol, to hard, labour for life, died inJbo-ganS hospital .siput, nias o'olook yesterday morniog. An inquest on ti» body «ill be held before the City Corocer to-day. YIOTOMA TaaATaç.- Ia, au» yesterday!; «nanMïy of . . dramatic and musical events, «ae inadver^aatly^orajtted our notioe of the month's proceedings at thia.theatca, tba i ablef oharaoterisiio being noiajty. The. tnorg(e8,of tbs management wore direoted tonio producion of pieces in 'which the newly, discovered ** Ghost IUnss}ona!>-of Pro» I, feesor Pepper, could, be mait available*.. Arnonget them i " Aurora Floyd" proved very atir»*livp.. Brofeascr BuBbell'i experiments irs eleotro-biology, Ik>ve alao created muon- amusement. One oí, the éventa of tbe month rtas tbe very euoosasfal prodootlon o&aa; original «roRedy entitled " Bay moad della Xoiro,iLfljidj of Milan.T by Hr. S..Bee ve, a. gentleman not unknown, to tams in the BDpala of A&atnJian; literature. Otba&Gjrlginal; loeal . BVetobeS'bave also created muah mirth, for thetetml. 1 nation of an. evening's perftrtaanco?. The " Peep o'- . Daj" has proved ona of tho , moat prpalor pieoea in., Sydney.. " Tbs Mex&te; Heart," -and. "-The VioiimB ot ¡ j Brand,1' hove bsen the latest prodqolioM. For the per» , fórmanos of snob places, a very exceUeai working eora«., panytia now asaeixAled at the Vlotoria-,, I, Bmwsvir op ii». TOIA;;C-The. ménagea of th,*> I Viotcria Theatre, who bsa been,BO assiduous ia providing, constant novelty for bis patrons,, appeals to them, this,' :evening, SB tba oocasion cf bia bensflr. I» addition, ,'to, ;Mr. Tolano's olaims on fjo- publip^tbeperlarmanceairJU, iin tbemaelves, constitue a ve'ry aueootive ootertaipcwct* ' Tba interesting drama ci: ".Tbe Oreen Bashes " will ist* elude in its oaet the satire company, and the star« Mw. Bordon Hyde, who will' likewise eppsnr aa.thQjDoka Aranza, in the builctnue on Tobin's eomedjí.of,"-ïîia Honeymoon." " ' . FITZROY WAHD;-.M0í»ió.n?.4ft EMOTION -Oo-.Tneaday evening a meeting ol tbe elaotora ot' thia ward .woe. held Bt O'Neil's Inn, Epurkc-atrset, Sorry Hills,. for,th» pur. posa of selecting a fy, peiapn to represent th,eni, ka tbe Munioipal Council..' Tba meeting ' at ûrBt. wiBi thinly atttnded, but after'tbe trotinesa had oommenood a con- siderable number. of,tbo.eleotora assembled. Mí. Benia min James wos palled to tba chair, : Tba,chairman read . the advertisement, oalüng the meeting, and bi ie fly ad- dressed ; it,' inviting .lhasa .who bod. any gentle» manto oraooee ta'ooma- forward. After walting some tim«, M». P^cey-aaved-"That la the opinion of thia, meeting, the present retiring Dldeam.au, Mr. Spenoe, ba», our conádence,; and is deserving of, our rapport, and ia. therefore . untitled to rr-aleolion,"' Mc. Cooke having;, seoondcd;the rssclatlon, Mr. Hebert Phoona moved an, am'eiadment, ssoonded by Mr; Walter Benny-<< That a obtogfl in tb» munioipal representation of Fitzroy Wari . ia highly desirable." The omqndm,tat v-ai negatived.by, a,'large majority. The original resolaiion WOB then,put and carried; The usual vote of ti SD ka having been, ¿Ox I corded to tba chairman, tbe meeting separated. LOWER ïiTjnttAY.~»Swoja Hill, Bib Ootober.-The : river is fall, and the flata ore d.eper than the; have been for the last ton years, oad travelling at prosgat ls a, mat- ter of consideration aa well OB of dangor. Swan Hill 1B an island, and the good fulas of the town who hava not a good supply of firewood, are likely to bo in a fix for that Desideratum, as ibero ls net a single Btiokio tia township that will burn. Vehicles-moro especially loaded ones -have great difficult? in approaching the township at all, an>l yet the Road Board does not seem to oars ona ooppp.r abont it, Cf., judging from ibo apathy displayed, by, thia body, BB uoiblnc bas aa jot been done to maka tboplaoo aom.s-at.able. How loag thia Biate of things ia Sting ta last, it would bo invidious to Bay; but I thinks changa in the heads of the departmmt would ba eon. , duciva to advancement. Tba Lady Daly steamer (ac- cording to what tba emplcyeea said) was expected bera two days ainoe. Up io this time there is no news of ber. If sba does not ohaarve mots punctuality for the future, people on thia part of tho river muBt ttuBt lo something . mnrp »«ttain for the transit qt their snpplieB. -Brennt 