AMATEUR CONCERT AT THE LYCEUM. The amateur concert at the Lyceum yesterday evening was'a!l the success its promoters could have expected. The house was crowded in every part, and the performances' went off without any serious hitch on the part of the performers. In execution, the programme was considerably abridged, and not without some reason, since, if carried out in its integrity, it worild have ex tended the performances Considerably in to the small hours of the morning. The introductory address by Mn Hartley was not thu success which the abilities of that gentleman Jed the audience to expect, arid it may, therefore, be passed over sub xilrittio. " The Cottage by the Sea" was rendered in a very excellent manner by Master Weston, who, also, in the course of the performances, gave with marvellous effect for such a youth "Molly Asthore," and, being encored, "The Merry, Merry Sim shine," again encored, and responded to with the concluding verso of " Molly Asthore." Mr. Stewart and Miss Regan sang in a most finished manner an extract from " Maritana" in the English version, which, in addition to being in telligible to the audience, had the advantage of being rendered in a manner that would have done credit to professional singers. Madame Leon Naej also gave in a most artistic manner an extract from "Il Trovatore," and "The Bonnie Lassie," from Burns. Decidedly, however, the most successful part of the per formance was the instrumental. Chappell's Juvenile Drun and Fife Band (the Church of England band) gave a series of spirited performances - "Paddy will ye now," the "Fusilier March," "Nelly Gray," "The Prairie Flower," &c.; The Volunteer band gave an overture, "The Fair Maid of Perth," and some excellent selections from "Lucretia Borgia." Bower's select Quadrille Band was very fortunate in its rendering of "Garibaldi's Triumphal March," and the "Quadrilles Lurline," especially the latter. Altogether the concert was a success beyond that attained by amateur performances in general. The concert wai followed by an amateur, performance of " The Spectre Bridegroom," which, though not in every respect equal to a professional performance, was exceedingly meritorious. Mr. F. Pririgle'vvas exceedingly pood as Nicodemus, and had the per formances of the other amateurs afforded a fair contrast to his, he would have been yet better ap ! predated by the audience. The other amateurs, although not so good as Mr. Pringle, were yet well .up and amusing in their parts. Mr. i J. Burnsidewas very amusing as Aldwinkle; Dr. fl. L. Atkinson was good as Dickory; Mr. An derson made a sufficiently lugubrious Paul, and | Mr. Ross was a fair Captain "Vauntington. Mrs. Cox as Georgina Aldwinkle, and Mrs. Hill ns Lavinia, the lady who at the dnnmiement lays the ghost of Nicmlemlis, were of course fullv up to, the mark, and the farce was frequently applauded. It should be added that Mr. Bradley between the performances gave,, in place of a comic song, an. exceedingly comic delineation of " Dirty Dick,' and his shopmate," which brought down ronnds ' of applause.. The success of this performance, is'a proof that in,Sandhurst'good performances never need go unappreciated. A Surpi.EMEKT to the BENDIGO ADVERTISER will'"be published - to-morrow. Advertisers are reminded that there will be no publication of this journal on Saturday. B.U.C.C.-A scratch match will he played to day on the Back" Creek srround. .. All aspirants for a place in. the Bendigo Twenty-two are expected to putin an appearance. BAND OP HOPE PICNIC.-In another cotftmn ; it will be seen that the . Band of Hope excursion to Havcnswood takes, plar.e on Christmas morn ing. ? Tho train will leave the station at nine i o'clock, and return from Ttavenswood. at" six 1 o'clock in 'the_ evening; "We understand that ' there ia.only a limited numher of tickets now-to 1 be disposed of; it would, therefore, be well for those who intend going to secure their tickets at o»ce. . ' . VICTORIA GOI.D MINES COMPANY.-The meet ing- of shareholders of the Victoria Itecf Hold Mines*Company (Bendigo), advertised to be held .yesterday afternoon, in the Shakespeare Hotel, Collins-street, was postponed until a future day,; there not being a quorum present half an hour after the tiiiie fixed for the meeting.-Argus, 23rd . December. , ; . '. POBPEITBD HUNS.-Says the Herald,. Mr. Heales,' who certainly appears to think that the whole functions' of 'Government are centered in his person, has issued a decree by which he'settles the whole squatting question with one stroke of the pen. He advertises a number of the forfeited runs for sain, and coolly announces that the period of occupation is to be until the 31st December, 1870\. Now, we should like to know what au thority he has for ttiia announcement. Certainly none under the present Land Act, which merely states that annual squatting licenses shall issue, which gives the Legislature full power, at any time, to alter the condition of the squatting tenure, and especially enacts that the pastoral tenants shall have no claim for compensation whatever change be made in the law. For Mr. lleales to attempt to saddle the country with the present race of squatters up to the end of 1870 ii a piece of sheer impudence,-ivhicli the Legislature will never tolerate." 