; j , ,- , 1. I,,',';' ; v.i. '(By Electric Telegraph.) j (PER aREVH.LE AND DIRI) . (REUTER S , AGENTS. ) , ' | t'dui t ii "i t Sydney, iNove'mbor 2,4. :"s j It has been-Jiscoyered that a torgery nas/peen committed on the Bank of New South Wales, to the extent, of , £2,400. Tw.o men, represent ing-- themselves , to , be .the bushrangers-Hall and .Gilbert,' -visited" "the - residence- of th'e "editor of tHe Lachlan 'Miner, last night. Judge Callaghan met.vri.thij" to'.Bc'bidraqsfqraayV by./whiel.luf, jawhbhe.wnB broken, andsix; teeth knocked out., Tho . Logislativc Assembly.- met this - afternoon, but ; almost " immediately '-"adjourned' till "to?- m'orrow, In - conscquenco of" the absence of Mr Martin, -the Premier,- and Attorney-General, the writ for 1 his-'-eleptibri for 1 Tiimut nbt 'beipg. 'at; hand!. There was'a full House. . ' :;i ,.,". ; Arrived : "Amateur fromMolbourne. , , , ,j v-'.V: : i n Adelaido. November ,24. < \- Prayers were'- offcred- up in the 'churches bn Sunday," for ' the hbalth' of 'the people of Ade- laide and; jlie , neighbourhood. Aeat mariy' deaths', have'-ppcurred. lately, including! that of Mr .Hall, .late , Inspectqr of - Police, -Mr John R'eid;' a -brewer,-' and Mr John-'Bond-Phipson,- lajte of Melbourne:' ' ; ;'' 0 " ' : V , (, ! I Chinese' Perjury "has always 'been', preya-. lont, butnow the Chinese,1 finding that .it is ex-, trembly difficult, to prove a charge. ofperjury, go into.the.iwitness box- "and - commit' the foulest perjury on almost; every occasion on which, they are called to givb evidence in a case wherein any .of their countrymen., are interested!.. At., the Talbot Polico Court, 'yesterday; , Ah Ping was charged: with stabbing Leung-How, who openly sajid"he wished "to withdrew tho charge; The police, wotild' riot allow this, but Leung' How,, having, resolved fq.!pfq6ure'Jho, .acquittaf .of, His" countryman, gave Eis.evidenoe in a, manner, so contradictory and evasivo as to cause the -Benoh to discharge the prisoner.' Iri .' consequence of his'wound being urihealed. Leurig Hbw escaped without', any ,' punishriient, "as .Mr. Crospigny huirianeiy ileclmed to commit liim .to prison uridei' thb -circumstances. ->The peijury- com mitted by the' ' rascal' Was ovident. First ho swoire that, . the"! prisoner stabbed him,' with' a kri ifo then' that no did ' not see , him with, a knife ; , again, that ho saw the knife in hishand ; that he might have been stabbed by a: nail, and finally, tbat he thought the prisoner had stabbed him 'by acciderit,' 'as' he ' sometimes ivas light headed. , . Never , , did witness show greater eon- to'mpt'.ibr. a cou'ft, arid greater disregard for his oath. Tt seemod- peculiarly: a case for -a com mittal for perjury, for tho corrupt motive (the1 .'acquittal of the prisoner) was' evident, and . tho witnoss signed ii, deposition! containing the most positive and ( impudent falsehoods ever taken down in a court ofjustice. — Talbot Leader, ' ' j Cricket. — The- All1 England Eleven, Beaten 'at'-Bbistol.— Our local' crioketer's will be glad to learn that ibis possible for a team of twenty- two to.beat the famous Eleven. Twenty- two gentlemen players of Bristol, ; recently met the Eleven , on! Durdhairi ,-Dowri. . , The weather was all that could'be desired, and the ground in jperfeot condition. The play was of a first-rate character, the bowling being remarkably good ; the fielding, however, was not quite so perfeot as might , have" " been " expected ' froiri " such ; distiri- guishod players. The Bristol Twenty-two con- sis'ted'of pioked players of Bristol, Clifton and neighbourhood!'' The Eleven were tho following players of world wide repute':— Hayward, G. Anderson, Julius Ctesar, H. H.' Stepnenson," J. Jackson, G.'Tarrant, E. G. Tinley, E. Willsher, E." Stephenson, A. Clarke, ' and W. H. Moore Esqs. On the first day the game was iri favour of the Tweritjrrtw6,'''at the? close of - the ploy; This fabt stimulatod them to further exertion, and on the following day the' Twenty-two' suo- ceodod iri beating theiropponcnts.by.one innings. The Bristol Mirror, makes the following remarks "on1 the- event :— " It shows that there ' is -an 'amount of vigour, energy and power among our young inbri which satisfactorily diaposes -of the pry got up about the deterioration of the .human robe of the present day. Spectators could not but have felt that tho stalwart, athletic men who formed tho Twenty-two wore types of the' young. Englishmen of the nineteenth century, ana while such mon are to bo found, wo havo little need to fear .the deterioration of the race. Then, again) tho good humour, friendly feeling, and good fellowship manifested at these gatherings show that English characteristics are nurtured and doveloped by cricket clubs, and those social barriers, wnich formerly made absurd distinc tions, broken down. All bail, then, to an:amuse- ment which develops the physical powers, im proves the human raco, and imparts on - agree able tone to sooial relations. The Bristol Twenty-two scored 212 ' in their first innings, while the Eleven only scored 86 in the first, and 106 in their second innings. ---, ' Unaccountable Neglect. — The late Inter colonial Champion Merino Sheep Exhibition, held in Melbourne/ was ono of tho most impor tant and most intensely interesting competitions ever introduced to the notice of the pubiio ; and most singular to say, its value and importance has been almost entirely overlooked by ' the whole of the metropolitan Press. With the ex ception of noticing a few of the facts, patent - to every ono, and recording the' opinions of- the judges, and the prize lints, there does not' seem to have been ono man connected with the whole of the Melbourne Press who oared or dared ; to express an opinion in any way on the merits of this' really grand exhibition. The Argus, that boasted liberal advocato of all colonial improve? ments, has had its hundred eyelids closed, whilst national prosperity demanded its extra vigilance and careful watohfulnoss. The Yeoman— -the ghost of the Argus — has not only treated with neglect so important a-subject as a National Ex hibition of the best Merino sheep in Australia.; but has actually misrepresented the whole affair and cast cold water upon it into tho bargain.— Geelong Advertiser, Aa o/il toper says the two most precious things now onoloscil In hoops ore'girls and whiskey. . - ; Some people allow- their afisira. to ; get so deranged that the UabiliUee go qriit« out of tinii mbuL " Yandbmonian' (Manners. .— (The ( Cornwall Chronicle on the I8th November, ! mentions Hhe following piece of vulgarity. '-Wo'regrot to hear that His Excellency tho Governor and Mrs Gbre Browne, was uncourteously ejected from' a pew. in St. John's Church,\on Sunday last.' The Governor accompanied by Mrs Gore Browne, attended morning service, and were shown into the pew of a gentleman'/ in the commission' of the peace. Soon after Mrs, J.P., . entering tho churoh and stopping at Her pew, the. occupants' of it'moved to make room for the lady, who de clined entering, but stood sfirmly upop her legal right, and pointed. to, an adjoining; yacant pew., Finding that he had been shown into ine wrong, pew, 'his Excollericy at- orioe" rose' arid handed Mrs Brown to another." Wc' havo heard,1 says ; our oontbmporary;'of more than one instance of this having' been done lately-iri Lauriooston,':bnt- we trust that the reckless manner in which Mrs ' J.F. insulted the representative of iier 'Majesty in this colony will prevent' ' a repe tition : of ; any 'similar 'discourteous, liribhristiarilikb' act within .th'e'.walis.uf.a placb 'of worship!1' 'Courtesy,' like .honesty, is decidedly tho best policy." / , Arson.— The' following verdict has been, re turned by a jury empannelled to - inquire into the origin of a' fire at" Hamilton": — " YT.e"' are' unanimously of opinion; that tlie promisqs latoly occupied by Henry A. Norman, in Thomson- street, Hamilton, were wilfully set on fire on tho evoking" bf tho 14ih'Oc'tober last by'tho said H. ,A.Ndrman, or at . his .instigation, with ,the knowledge of John' Norman, -his - brother, and of Hametta Annie Norman, his sister." ' There iseuch na immenso difference 'tietween the man who'has bis fortune all made and tho one that has it all to moke; that Jones' considers' they ought not'to betaken forbelng»rdf the same kind. - - 