THE GREEK IMBROGLIO. (From the Times August 13th.) We begin to see our way at last to a dis- entanglement of the Greek imbroglio. It was becoming a European scandal, and a (stock Continental joke against England. Worse than' this, there were strong symptoms of disorgan- . nation in the kingdom we had ourselves done so much to form and there was some fear lest t the Greeks might go back to their old habits, which are older than Hercules, and relapse into robbers upon land and pirates on the waters However, Lord Russell has at last accomplished, his twelve labors. One by one, all the monsters, which interfered with the reduction of the country to a state of good government and peace have been overcome. Greece is about to enjoy one more chance of becoming happy and rich by the arts of peaceful industry; and as, solvency is a first condition to such a con- summation, all Europe will have substantial reasons to wish her success. Let us hope that the ghost of Miltiades will no longer find any reason to " come at night and "stared at the bed of any of our Benthamite compa-, riots. Without alloy of selfishness, we have this; time, at least, done an act of pure disinterested, benevolence. We do not go to war for our ideas ; but we work them out in our own way, at our own cost, and without keeping a bill constantly, growing in our day-book to be presented at the last moment. We have had an idea perhaps rather a fond idea, and possibly not a very, philosophical idea-that the Greeks who battled with the Turks and dismissed King Otho are the same Greeks who took Troy, sang the Homeric songs, built the Parthenon, gave birth and death to Socrates, and conquered Asia. However this may be, we have, without war or bloodshed, or sowing hereditary hatreds, set the Greeks of to-day up as a respectable kingdom, able to hold their own in the world' if, they have the common sense and common honesty, and the average amount of patriotism necessary to do so. " Condere gentem" is, according to high poetic authority, a considerable labor, and to set together a disintegrated nation is perhaps a harder task still. As it was not to be done by force, it had to be done by persuasion, "and it was necessary to bring the eight Powers who signed the Treaty of Vienna to unanimity upon this matter. This seemed at first sight more hopeless than to get a mixed Irish jury of Protestants and Catholics to find a verdict upon an agrarian outrage, and it is not wonderful that the task consumed some time, and hopes of success occasionally alternated with fears of failure. However, it is done. Having eliminated from a catalogue composed of every possible candidate all against whom any objection could be found, the Royal House of Denmark was found at the bottom of the box, and all agreed that Prince William of Denmark should become George King of Greece. Then came the difficulties on the part of the successful candidate, and the polite scruples which prevented his taking the exact title which the Bavarian ex-King had once worn. Otho of Bavaria had been, and still claimed to be King of Greece ; but as it was only the people, and not the land of Greece, which had declared against Otho the Royal Dane was content to respect the claim of his predecessor to the territorial title, and take only the title of King of the people. It is as " George I., King of the Hellenes, that the Prince of Denmark prepares to go to Athens, As, however, his style in his new kingdom will, as we suppose, be Bo<n\ciis rev EAtoivSc, it will not be a startling novelty. What is much, more to the purpose, the new King proposes to go to Greece, not as a Danish Prince, but as a Greek King. He is to be accompanied neither by a Danish army nor by a crowd of Danish adventurers. Although they have a Scandinavian King, the Greeks are to govern themselves. Although they have a well chiselled piece of granite for the keystone of the arch, the arch itself is to be of native brick. In one particular the Greeks have not as yet shown themselves equal to the discoveries of the age. They have not yet as a nation learnt the great gain of good faith. King George takes with him a professor of this modern truth-one Count Sponeck, who was for eight years Financial Minister at Copenhagen, and who has given proof that he, is a proficient, not only in finance, but also very taxation. Very much will depend upon the success which this apostle of a new pecuniary faith may have in his mission. The true test of aptitude for liberty is the power of enduring taxation. Contributions, and confiscations, and forced loans are the lot of slaves, but regular, voluntary taxation is the mark of a consolidated society. When Count Sponeck, at Athens, can show the regular payment of a fair? system of taxation, we shall think that the element of stability has entered into the King. dom of Greece. George I takes only this schoolmaster with him in all other respects he proposes to rely upon his new subjects to fill the departments of his Government. The bridegroom only delays his advent until he can bear the marriage present in his hands. England, who made up the match, provides the trousseau. The beautiful Ionian Islands form the promised present upon the occasion. These Ionian Islands are, however, held by England only as the Russians hold Poland, not in absolute right, but only to govern them upon certain specified principles. The eight Powers from whom she received them must consent to- her giving them up and these Powers, with a tenderness for popular rights and popular juror ference which is somewhat o^eppfiionaf In great Powers, have made their consent; con/j ditional upon that of the population Q{ the Islands. This is the meaning of the last news from Corfu, that the Ionian Parliament has been dissolved, and another summoned to meet in 40 days. It is not proposed that the inhabit tants of these islands shall be driven up. in] masses to balloting stations to say " Content"' or " non-contents" to this arrangement;. They are simply to choose a new Pal' liament, and this new Parliament is to answer for them in this one important matter, The new Parliament ought to be unanimous upon this occasion, for all former Parliaments, have been, for the most part, unanimous in every endeavor to thwart, oppose, and protest against the Government they are now invited to renounce. It would be a very self-sultifying perversity which should at this last moment of ultimate triumph undervalue the opportunity, and show a want of unanimity in their aspirations. In truth, we do not anticipate any such, difficulty; for, as every one knows that the, union with Greece is to be consumed he would, be a very bad Greek and a very shortsighted, man who should choose the moment of disunion, to empress a disinclination to be dissevered frolic Great Britain. Perhaps after a little time those islanders may come to reflect that, after all, England did not very grossly misgovern them; that she, at least, never used them to her own profit that she was never provoked even by the most persistent continuance of provocation to withdraw from them institutions more free than even their pretended forefathers ever enjoyed and that, while property was secure under her rule, taxation was light and expenditure prodigal. At present, however, it is to be desired that these islanders will retain their often expressed opinion of the odious character of the Western rule, and of the happiness to be expected when absorbed in the Grecian Kingdom. Certain we are that they cannot be more anxious to get away from us than we are to let them go. Not that we have any dislike of the people, although they have plagued us very much, but because it is always unpleasant to travel will unwilling companions. As soon as the vote is taken, the signing Powers to the Treaties of Vienna have promised to ratify the cession, and the Greek and Ionian territories will assume the title of the Kingdom of the Hellenes. It is a consolation amidst greater difficulties to be rid of even so trifling a perplexity as the inquietudes of the Ionian Islanders, and as we part by mutual consent we can part as good friends and can with all sincerity wish our former fellow- subjects all happiness and prosperity as the subjects of George I _ POWER OF ENDURAKCK.-Captain C. F. Hall has just been narrating before the American Geographical Society his recent Arctic experience while in search of traces of the Franklin expedition, and took the opportunity of introducing to the Society the Esquimaux man whom he brought away with him a hardy hunter, who has been known to stand for three days and nights motionless on the ice beside a coal-hole. Captain Hall described the ability of the Esquimaux to go without food OF striking him is quite astounding. He has known them to do so for weeks. He heard of an instance in which a party of those intrepid head- hunters were floated off from the mainland on a pack of ice, and could not return for thirty days, during which time they had not a morsel of food ; yet they survived, although even their faithful and wonderful dogs succumbed to the pangs of hunger. Times ' wild:' >.': 