SHIP MAILS. Snip MAILS will bo closed at Hobart Town as under : 3?or Holbourne, &o..; vi.* T.ailnceston |,01. Ttlnnlr Siran, this day, ato p.m. - . « -. For London, vin Suez and Marseilles, via Melbourne, , per K.M.S. Bombay, on Thursday, 23rd instant, at "4 e'clock p.m. For London, via Suez an 1 Southampton, ditto ditto ditto. ' " 'ForMediterranean Ports, via Suez, ditto, ditto, ditto. ?e 'For India, - China, Mimili, Batavia, &c;, via Point de ,1 Galle, ditto, ditto, ditto. For the Cape of Good Hope, via Mauritius, ditto, ditto, .ytto. ' - 'For Mauritius and Reunion,via Aden,ditto, ditto.iltto. < . For Swan Uiver, via Melbourne, ditto, ditto, ditto. . ; Foi Adelaide and Svdney, via Melbourne,per first vesso ¡"ditto, ditto fj /P.8. IMPORTANT NOTICE.-The Boxes for the reception of Letters and Newspapers l'or England, Foreign Conn 'J tries, and tile Colonies, will be closed at 4 p.m. precisely. Too-late Letters and Newspapers can only can be received on payment of the usual foes, up to 30 minutes past 4 p.m. After that hour, Letters for England via Marseilles only can be posted up to 45 minutes past 5 p.m., upon payment of Is. fee on each Letter. AU registered letters must be posted before 3 o'clock p.m. on the 23rd instant, i ' The French Transit Hate on Letters and Newspapers for England to be forwarded via Marseilles, and the British .Postage on Letters and Newspapers for British ' Colonies and Foreign Parts transmitted via the United Kingdom, must be prepaid by moans of Tasmanian , ' Postage Stamps. Particular attention is requested to tho letter-box at this Olllco, nu>rked " Via Marseilles'' into which all Lettsra and Newspapers for England to bo forwarded "¡Via Marseilles" niust be dropped, great care being first /, taken that they bear Postage Stamps to the full amount of the Tasmanian and French Transit or British Postage ) Bates, as may be, according to route und weight. Tho steamer Tasmania; arrived at 10 a.m., after an ''' excellent passago of 4G hours from Williamstown, .which ' she loft on Thursday. Captain Clinch reports having cxporiouced thick westerly weather throughout the . passage. Passed in the river, barque Australasian Packet, tags Pryde and Highlander, and a schooner appearing to bo tho Circassian. . . Tho True Briton, arrived at Melbourno, from Liver . pool, out 67 clays. > .The brig llolianco hence arrived at Auckland on tho , Oth ult. after a > protracted passage of 21 days, occasioned by tho prevalence of light winds. All tho vessels which arrived yciterdny reported i ?? haying experienced very rough weather, and all were compelled to seek shelter nt Spring Bay. Tho cutter Spray arrived from tho East Coast with produce yesterday, but brought no report of any vessels. Tho brig Jane Captain Shimmins arrived from Inver- cargill yesterday morning after an excellont passage of 14 days, and bringing us files of ncwspipors to tho 24lh ult. Tiio Maiy Ann schooner for this port, was ready foi sea when tho Jane left, and tho brig Daniol Watson would leavo in a few «lays after. Tho only vossel scan on tho passago was a full-rigged ship showing tho 2ud distinguishing ponant No. !)l.r>2 (llorio Brown) in lat. ' '43*10, South, and long. 139*44 East. She was steering E.S.E. ' , 'The brig Highlander, fiom Sydney, arrrivod yesterday \- nfter au unusually long pass.igo for her, of 23 days, protracted in consequence of the provalouco of rough ' weather. Silo left Sydney on the 19lh, put into 'Twofold Bay on tho 25th, and sailed again on the 28th, was off Cape Raoul on tho 5th, but in consequenco of .? tho heavy gale blowing on that day, Captain Boor, , deemed it advKablo to i un back to Spring Bay, whoro lie remained until the 10th. Of 150 sheep .shipped at Sydney, but 50 wcie landed, tho others having died owing to the roughness of tho voyage. Tile barquolEucalyptus having Mapped a quantity of stone at Kangaroo Point was towed over and berthed at j the Now Wharf on Satin day, whoie Mio willi ako in . about 30 tuns speim oil for ti.uishipmont at Melbourne " or'London. She will sail for Molbourno about Tuesday. ' ' Tho barque India will leave for Invercargill to-morrow ''-with a gouoral cargo including about 40 tons of hay. Silo will also take a quantity of poultiy and about 20 goals, j tho latter beiug quita a now and soinehat novel oxpoi t . from this colony. On the 14th June, Captain Bennett, of the Hamlet's Ghost, since arrived at Brisbane, parted company with the barque Offley, of Hobart Town, Robinson, master, six weeks out and all well. On that date also, he boarded the brig Victoria, of Hobart Town, Comstock, about 50 miles to the E.S.E. of Cato's Bank. She was six weeks out and clean. ' ' A now steamer, tho Auckland, buill for the T.R.M. ii Co.. and which arrived tit Melbourne on (ho Olli, re- torted on tho 2!Hli April, four milos to tho S.W. of ,St. Vincent, was stopped and boarded bv the U.S. sloop of war Powhattau, and after the papers had been overhauled, was allowed to proceed on her passage. The steamship, City of Hobart, arrived at Sydney on Saturday, the «lu Captain Patrick, of tho s. Keera, reports being unable to stiu't at hor usual timo from Port Albert, owing to a severe gale from N.W., almost approaching to a hurri- cane, blowing down ono house, sevoral chimneys, and other damages not ascertained. Tho followiug day wind moderato, at 11a.m. started for Melbourne. Pour p.m. wind strong, increasing breeze, brought up iu Waterloo Bay. Eight p.m., gale increased so much as to make tho bay a perfect sheet of foam. Parted starboard chain. Left Waterloo Bay at ten a.m. following morning, with light N. E. breozo. Wlion off Cape Patorson, at four p.m., wind suddenly shifted round to S.E., blowing a hurricano, with heavy sea aud rain. Hovo 'to all night. Passed Heads at'daylight, and arrivod at Queen's Wharf at half-past eleven a.m. on Tuesday.-M. Herald, July 8th. THE gale of tho last two days has been severely felt in Hobson's Bay ; .several vessels alongside tho piers havo boon chafed moro or less. Tho Bengal, lying alongside the Bates Family, at the Williamstown Pier; has had several sheets of copper chafed off ; the Government punts drove on to tho bank at the mouth of the Yarra. The steamer Wonga Wonga, that arrivod in tho Bay at midnight of Monday, and brought up outside, was com- pelled to romain thcro until yesterday. Tho steamer Vesta, that is at present doing duby for the Railway steamer Kangaroo, was unable to run across the Bay. The steam tug Lioness, despatched to tho Heads with anchor and chain for the Golden South was obliged after only gotting a short distance outsido of Gellibrands Poinb, to return, completely unable to stand the heavy sea. Several small boats worq swamped, hutías yet, wp havo hoard of no loss of life.-ii/. Herald July 8. The clipper ship True Briton, after a most oxeollont run of sixty-eight days from England, anchored in Hob son's Bay yesterday attonioon. > She loft Plymouth oaily on tho morning of tho 2flth of April, crossed tho equator on the nineteenth day out, in'25° W., 'the S.E. trades then set in, and wore so scant that tho vessel in conse- quence was forced close down on the Brazilian coast. The meredian of the Capo of Good Hope was'passed on tho forty-fourth day, in 43° S. Since then heavy west aud north-west gales were experienced. Capo Otway was niado ou Saturday afternoon last, boing tho sixty sixth day out. Hard south-east gales, approachiugalmost to a hurricane, thon set in, and lasted until arrival, in tho Bay, slioitly aftor noon yesterday. Tho True Briton brings out clos^ou olio hundred and forty passengers, amongst whom aro sovoral old colonists. Captain Bawn eomplaius of not boing sooner, tnlntrwinlipil ¡n-Melbourne j-.-..; u.u ouiiuuK, as no made that placo at 4 p.m , on the Cth, and hoisted his colors., No notico was, how over, taken of thom, aud no intimation of his being near the pprt was received 'until yesterday morning at 10 o'clock.-iii-. Herald, July 8th. THE WUCTEH-VLI/.- The clipper iron ship Whitehall arrived last night, having mode a splendid passago of seventy-seven days from tho Downs. ' She sailed on the 10th April, crossed tho Equator on tho 5th May, and passed the meridian of Ibu Capo on tho 2nd of June, from whonco she is only thirty-ono days. She ran down her easting in 45 S., and passed'S. of Van Dienien's Land. 'A serious, uro In oleo, out on the 3rd of May, which, but for tho energy displayed by all on board, might havo terminated fatally. Tho fire broke oub in the forehold, dense volumes of smoko forcing their way through the forehntch. Hands wore at once set to work to breach through tho deck, und about twenty foot was ripped up and two ongines set in motion to pour water below. After tin eo hours' hard work tho flames were got under, when the hatches woro oponed, and a considerable quantity of tho cargo stowed forward was found on fire and at once thrown overboard.-Sydney Herald, 4th July. The intercolonial Royal Mai! Company's s.s.s. Auck- land anchored in Hobsou's. Bay early yesterday. She is a now ship, constructed by Messrs. Charles Mitchell and Co., of Neweasble-on-Tyno, expressly for this com- pany. Shois a screw stoamer, of 800 tons burthen, 140-horso power, is 225ft. long with 2Sft. beam. Tho saloon is 55ft. long. She eau accommodate forby cabin and sixby sbeorago passengers. She is flbted with all the modern improvements for the comfort of lier pos sengors. Sho left Gravesend on the 15th April, St. Vincent on the 29th, St. Helena May 16th, and Capo Good Hopo May 31st. Sho left Table Bay at the com- mencement of a heavy N.W. gale, and was prevented complotiug her coaling at that .port. Sho experienced variable weather until passing the meridian of Capo Louwin ; sinco thou strong N.W. gales, with tremen- dous sea. Captain Gibson reports that, on tho 29th April, Sb. Vincent bearing N.E., distant four miles, ho was stopped by the American sloop-of-war Powhattan, which fired a shot across his bows, and aftorwards sent an officer on .board, to whom, under protest, Captain Gibson showed his vessel's papers. The Auckland pro- ceeds to Sydney,to-morrow. Melbourne Paper. 