A. QUBBB CABIN COMPANION. (Pfeom Once a Week, / / " Doctor," aaid one •nugly ensoonoed one rainy winter's night In front of th» 'WL Store's huge Aimmf, ' ^ with ^ blaung l^s, jw display his talents, knocked ,i out of nia pipe, finiibed hi* grog, 1 bia giata over to, v laf" - t«s'#ollowa; Fortune haa ssada^nttia digger, but my unele intended me for a phyaicum. He waa a crusty old bK^elor.generouaiind openhwdeS bnt ftfh«r,Vu brott«r, |airing been a geniua, had natwrallj coma to gnef. He married mtw&et; for har beauty,i»bich was her a^ flotar. It would have b^ea i gooa H^tg fdr them, had Heaven takai away a trifia of the beauty on the one side and the £enitu on the ether, and endowed died^henl wp run youns, uaving me nothing for my tortUM b^Tafair ebara of tiis g^te whioh hoyindividually oasetied. DWaot «ld JaokfltjdfreT aav of me, when I aet •Viotona? And Bill, tbe fop, will tftttaoey totheoffectofr " MI have cut Um cUia f caces of the -fair landlady of the Pick and hovel. About tny common sense I won't brag, but I fancy I have acquired a wrinkle or two since I came to this golden country. Well, while my father was dissipating what little patrimony he had possessed in wild schemes, each of which was certain to bring him in at least a million, only it didn't, my uncle commenced buainess in a small way, saved and scraped, and when my parents died, in spite of tha continual drain hiabrotherhadbeenuponhim,waa tolerably welloff. When a lad, his great deaire had been to be a doctor. Circumstances prevented the wish being gratified; but at any rate be determined that t should become one. So he sent me to a capital eebool; where I remained till I waa eighteen, picking up a very small allowance of learning and a great deal of cricket and football, and then f waa apprenticed to the principal surgeon in the town, from whom I acquired what little knowledge of medicine 'I'possess. Now I have given you all this information, not because it bas in the slightes^jd^gf^s anything to do with my story, but simply for the sheer pleasure of talking about myself; so, if you wish to raise any objections, you had better do so while I am taking a puU at my grog. (After a long draught the narrator continued.) Wbeji I was It%enty- one I came up to a London hospital. M!y old uncle made me a tidy allowance, and I determined to see life. Mr knowledge of drugs did n<A%it««efit mru^Wtl be. came a wonderful judge of beer; my botanical studies were limited, but I culled the choicest flowersof speech that flourish on the cab-janka, and lid * large .jtock^of chaff always on band-; andthough I never paid much attention to anatomy, I have spent many a night over the bones. Now this sort of thing could not lqst. My old uncle was the style of man who does not object to outlay, but always expects a proportionate return; so that after I had been plucked a second time, be answered my application for a third payment of my debts by a letter, short but to the purpose. I remember it perfectly, so I'll give it to you. " Sir,—I enclose you a check for 100f .; you won't get any more when that is'done, ao you may go to the devil, or to Australia, which you like." I liked the latter; so, as my creditors were troublesome, before a week had elapsed I found myself on board thd Ocean King, 1200 tons register, A 1, and carrying a competent surgeon, bound for Port Phillip direct. When I went down to engage a berth, I found that they were all taken up. At the last moment, however, a large compartment in the second cabin, which bad been reserved for a hospital, was objected to by the eurgeon as not adapted for the purpose, ao I got billeted in it along with three others, and arranged to mess in the chief cabin. While we were running down Channel the sea waa as calm as a mill-pond, with a fine breeze on the quarter, ana all sail set. I felt as jolly as a sandboy, smoked cigars, swaggered about the deck, and talked as if X had been accustomed to the ocean all my life—in tact, anyone might have imagined that it had acted as my nurse, and rocked me in my cradle. But when we got into the Bay I soon changed my tone. I believe that in that disgusting portion of the world it generally manages to blow two ways at once, or something of the kind; but on this occasion, as the mate, who waa old fello w, with a face m«<& if mahogany,informed ing hard from three _ within the last ho^^^ horrid, short waves, all jumbled together, one going one way and another another. First the ship got a tremendous tap on her starboard side, sending her over to port; then, before 'she could get any dis- tance down, she was knocked violently back again; then she would jump over the top of a wave as steep as a house side, and plunge bows under, as if she suddenly remembered that abe had a particular engagement under water, and waa going down to keep it; then she would be steady for a moment, and then down she would go again to port, and when she waa laying over so much that abe appeared to be nuking the interesting but slightly dangerous experiment of how far she could heel over without capsizing, a second sea would gire her a malicious knock, as if bent on making her lose her balance, till you held your breath for fear that the slightest movement on your part should send her then and thereon her Mam ends; and just aa you had made up your mind that it waa all over, and were regretting that you had neglected furnishing yourself with a life-belt, up she would come again, thiteiing from^ stem to stem, as if terrified at the fate she had so barely escaped—or rather, perhaps, as a prosaic passenger put it, snaking all over with suppressed laughter at the jolly fright she had given every one on board. When to all this was added the cursing of the captain, the bawling of the sailors, the roaring of the wind through the rigging, the creaking bf the wooded partitions between the cabins, and the perpetual rolling to and fro of chests, trunks, washstands, basins, cooking utewdla, A-c., &c;,, not one of which, aa a matter of eouae, had been properly secured, you may think that the situation was hy no means an agreeable one. t stock by the deck as long as I could, for, frightfiilly tea-sick as 1 was, I bad a horror of the doae air below; but at last the mi began to break over the ship so fut that I waa obliged to go down. On entering my cabin I was struck with the strong odour of tobacco and whiskey that peppaded the atmosphere. At a glanoe the «an«e was evident. My cabincompanions—three old diggers on their return to Australia—•pre tucked snugly in their bunks, each with a bot#e of wbUkey and* pannikin wedged in behind hia pillow, and a clay pipe in kia mouth. Now, ii fbaw *as any-one thing t abhorred more than another, it waa the smell of tobacco in a small room. Cigar* I liked, bat a pipe smoked immediately under my nose within doors, I bated. So to the kind invitations of tny shipmates to turn in and t do likewise, I returned no very u - — but tagged to reoall to their memories smoking Mow was atriotly forbidden; to whhMae biggest and ugliest of them replied, using a great many adjectives, whioh IshaU omit.that t waisafool;thatIdidtt*fc think tbat they were going to he done out of their smoke for me,—did I f and that I had better go and complain to the captain, as he would bo sure to leave the deck at that particular moment to put out their pipes if a swell, like myaetf, was to ask him. Aa I did not feel quite so sure of this, and had a aort of notion that I was being chaffed as well aa smoked, I said nothing more, but turned in, in silence. For several honra I tossed and tumbled about, vainly endeavouring to get a few winks of sleep to alleviate the horrible pangs of sea-sickness, trebled bv the stifling atmosphere and the fumes of bad tobacco, and worse spirita. At first I hoped that my companiona^Would become stupefied by their pcaaiant smoking apd drinking, and woiEd, at last, allowmea little repose. No •uch thing, such seasoned old chums aa they, were nott» be affected by a bottle of whisky or a few ounces more or less of bird's-eye^ At firrt they contended themaelr^ With;:^iterminable tales of how Squinting Jack, or come such interesting person hadstruck anew lead on a kangaroo to nils operation—with regard to the mean ing of which I was in the most perfect ig-1 norance—they had argued with him by the unanswerable, and, as it appeared to me, cggsequeutjroMM of, knocking him down hft aflitwards; how d£le trap, byl^^Sldf^^tlLTet •he might be, up in a coffin, which, he said, buned in a civilised manner ; how Cornish Djck bad d«^|»don a core sitting on his wash dirt, and had shot him then and there, and how this summary proceeding had been very much applauded by the whole diggings, although it turned out thM the man was simply drunk, and no more a thief, bless you, than the Biabop, This last agreeable anecdote by-tbe-by, was the cause of some very severe remarks against drinking by the ugliest and dirtiest of the three ruffians, who was then just about opening his second bottle. As it got dark they added to the generally cheerful frame of my mind, by lighting little bits of tallow candle and sticking them in an ingenious manner to the woodwork of their bunks by the aid of a little melted grease, so that my previous anxiety to see them speechlessly drunk waa now converted into an agonised desire that they would remain sober, that being the oqly possible chance I could perceive of not' adding the horrors of fire to the miseries of the tempest. By this time they had left off atory-telliog, and taken to singing, and as they all sang at once, and each of them a different song, the effect was infinitely more striking than agreeable. When the ugliest of them bad sufficiently exercised hia lungs, it seemed suddenly to strike him that I had made some personal remarks of an extremely offensive character on entering the cabin, whereupon he inquired whether I wanted anything for myself, and, if so, why I didn't stand up to him like a man, and he would let me have it as easily as rolling off a log. At last, maddened by tfais everlasting persecution, I rose, dressed myself as well aa I could, and went on deck again. Here, however, it waa impossible for me to remain, as the waves were breaking over the ship every moment with audi violence that the scupper! were insufficient to carry off the water, and the deck ana knee-deep in it. Four men were at the helm, and by their side stood the captain, a mass of waterproof. To the inquiry shouted in his ear, of whether he thought things were likely to mend soon, the only answer I got was bow the devil could he tell, and what the devil I wanted on deck in everybody's way. As, under the circumstances, I did not think this a very favorable opportunity of laying my complaint before him, I took myself down to the chief cabin, and after ingeniously, aa I imagined, lashing myself to a sofa, was soon asleep. I had not been so, however, many minutes before I was awakened by a tremendous concussion. For a moment I imagined that the ship had struck, and was going down, but I very soon discovered that she bad only given a heavier lurch than usual, causing my illcontrived knots to dip, and that the striking had beat confined to my forehead which had come against the leg of the table with such force as to raise a lump on it aa big as an egg. X had almost made up my mind to return to my disagreeable companions, when happening to cast my eyes upon the door of one of the state-cabins, I remembered having heard my next neighbour remark, at dinner, on the preceding day, that the gentleman who had taken it had not come on board as had been expected. "By Jove!" I exclaimed,"how can I have been such an ass as not to have thought of this before. Here, steward!" The steward emerged from hia den, and balanced himself carefully in front of me. " The state-cabin that is unoccupied, I will remove into it, and will readily pay any additional sum that may be required. " Very sorry, but you can't have it, sir," " Can't have it—why not P" " Why, you aoe, sir, that cabin was engaged by a gentleman as came aboard late one night, about a fortnight before we sailed. He oorees down, and, says he, 'Steward, have yon a cabin disengaged. ' Yes,' asys I; * atateMabin * * M twee it,* says he. 'Cttltwfiir itnow, for it won't be convenient for me to call at the offioe and arrange.' ' Well, there is no one here at this time of night authorised to take the monw' t hnt if you do not mind trusting me with itjTve been man and boy twenty years in Sir. Queen's service, and though X say jfc—who shouldn't say it—J am to betrusted.' Well,with that he hands me a purse, and, says he,«you'll find there more ftiia you'll want; get me any cabin furniture you. may think right, and keep what's om* yourself, But mind one thing, when youVe got all straight, leek the door, and dont open it again until ym get to Melbour&e;,unle*g Igiveyou express ordera to do so.' 'Very od, sir,' says and off he goea. ell, ! did as fa« told me fitted the cabin up first-rate, locked it, and as fas isn't oome on board t$ give me my orders, why it won't be Opened tilU we reach Hobson's Bay." "But, steward," aaid I, "what's the use of keeping the plaoe locked up when the owner is not on board f" "Ah, you tee our captain's a strict sort of a chap. He holds that a bargain's ® bargain, aiid if he was to know that I opened that door after the gent had paid for its being kept shut, why, I should jolly soon get the sack, and that wouldn't pay me at any price." " But, steward, just look here; I am dying for a sleep; let me turn in for this night only. You can lock me up, you know, and let me out when no one is about: and here's a sovereign to get yourself something to drink." " Well, sir, seeing as how you are a gentleman, I don't mind if X do let you in for one night; but you must mind and not split on me to any one, for things get pretty soon known on board ship by all hands, from the cabin boy to the skipper, as soon as they have once been mentioned." "All right," aays I, " you may rely upon me." " Mind,' says he, " you don't make any noise in the morning. I'll come and let you out before breakfast, when the skipper's on deck, and all hands are at work swabbing themselves down." With that he opened the cabin-door, handed me a candle, pushed me hastily in, and turned the key in the lock. The cabin was a model of neatnegs—a nice carpet on the floor, a first-rate bunk on one side, and a delightfully soft sofa on theother; in Act, all that one could desire; everything, too, well cleeted and fastened down in its proper place, so as to prevent the possibility of any of the furniture taking to execute the very unpleasant nonbV^I hornpipes which I had witnessed in the second cabin, and which had been ihe cause of a very considerable amount of diminution in the skin that ought to have covered my ankles. I did not however, waste much time in contemplation, but undressed, inserted myself within the snow-white sheets, and, in Spite of the roaring of the tempest, and the trampling of the sailors over-head, was soon aound asleep. And then I dreamt that X was haunted by a huge pipe, which persisted in following me all over the world. I fled to the interior ot Africa, there was the pipe; X harried off to Spitzbergeo, there was the pipe. At last, in disgust, X returned to England, to my old lodgings, and the pipe came and took up its abode with me, and smoked all day long, and in the smoke I seemed to see all manner of strange things; first, my creditors—a fearful sight—each man with a writ in his hand as big as himself. Then, floatinglightly on the moke, came my uncle, with hia pockets battened very tightly, and my creditors immediately made a rush towards him, and up they all went to the ceiling, and I saw them no more. Then, out of the pipe, there came a whiskey bottle, and inside St (not at all injured by being soaked in spirits) were my three cabin companions, who tapped upon the glass, and nodded at me in a threatening manner, as much as to say, if you want anything for yourself^ just pull out the cork, and we will step out and give it you. And then the tobacco seemed to grow more strong and pungent, and the smeke got up my nose, and I gave a great sneeze, and awoke. " I hope, air, you have had a comfortable nap." • 1 started up and looked across the cabin to the sofa, whence the voice proceeded. There, stretched out-at his ease, lay a little fat man, witb a long clay pipe in bis mouth, from which a perfect column of smoke went up into the air. He had relighted the candle, and fixed it on" the table in front him, so that I could see him very well. He was rather uglv, with a pimply nose, as if given to drinlang, badly made clothes, and an altogether mouldy appearance, as if he had been kept for some time in a damp place. " Pray, sir," said X, "might I ask you what the deuce you want in this cabin ?*" The little man took the pipe from his mouth, allowed a dense volume of smoke to escape, and then gently replied: " I might ask you the same question in equally strong terms, if it waa the practice in my part of the universe to be so rude." " It's that rascally steward who bas done this," exclaimed I, jn_a rage. " First he takes my money, which I pay for a quiet night's seat, and then be turns in a horrid, tobacco- smoking wretch, to torment my life out; but I wont stand it, eo I should recommend you to make yourself scarce, or else you'll soon find yourself in the wrong box." " Oh, no, I shan't," said he, stretching himself out at his full length, " you see, the fact of the matter is, that it is you who are the intruder, and not I; this cabin happens to be mine." " Touts, indeed; come now, that won't go down with me: this cabin was hired bv a person who ordered it to be kept locked during the voyage, and who never came on board at all." " That is to say,—no one saw him come on board; but, nevertheless, I waa the person who hired it, and X came on board on Tuesday evening last, at a quarter gaat twelve, just as you were passing the " Why, you confounded old liar, no boat ever came near us after the pilot left; and he had been gone hours before that." " Very Jikely—very likely; but I never said X came in a boat." " Oh, I suppose you swam, then f" " No, I didn't *wim either." " Hien, air, if you neither came in a boat nor swamjpray may I ask you how you did Weil, if yon want to know, I walked." " Oh, you walked, did you P Now do you think X am dftiok, or mad, which P Did ever anybody hear of a living being walking about on the British Channel P" " Perhaps nobody ever did hear of a living being dding it, out you see, air, X don't happen to be a living being.'' "Then what in the name of goodness are you ?" "I am a ghost." "A ghost?" "Yes, a ghost." With that the little man re-lighted his pipe, which'.had gone out dntgitg the foregoing conversation, and set to work again to smoke like a johimney. This was too much for me. " Confound you," cried I," do you think you are going to humbug me with any of your cock-and-bull stories f Out you go at once, or I'll make you." " All right," says he," make a way," and with that M puffs a whiff of smoke ri " across the room into my face Well, 1 made mo pretty wfld, you may guess; to up umped, took one stride to tl)« pofa, and the 1it0B™Tna£, ihat is to say. -attempted to seise the little man, by his nose, for, to my utter astonishment, instead of holdin g anything, my finger and thumb jPttfrly per- went through it like nir, plexed, Jgrasped at hie " result,my haadsmetwith. them in the passage. and * grinning from ear J * as calmly as ever, bunk in amazement " WeU now, Mr. _ to resist there he lay tomy you are satisfied Mp* what ! told you is correct. And sd,* if you 11 just tuck yourself up I'll tell you what brings me on board Jp, for I am sure you must be anxious to hear my story." " Not a bit of it," said L " Don't let me put you to any unnecessary trouble; I haven't the slightest curiosity in my composition." You see I was awfully sleepy, and it was quite clear to me, by the way the old fellow was settling himself down and waging bis throat, that he meant to talk for the oeit hour at the least, which wasnt at all to .any ftecr. " Well," says he, " if you are not curious, you ought to be; so here goes, and mind you pay attention, or else I shall have to waken you up." (Tobe continued.) 