T HE A TB I C ALS, &c; . Mr Edmund JFalaonbr'si'Irish Drama of " ÏI10 Poop o' ..Day" ttbiiundingvin pictiu-wquo und seui<ntionid effects, luis boon tho piece d^fe^tancêf Çar'jug tlio, past week, introducing that old fnvôurifc,riffr Joseph Simmons, in tho doublo capacity of stago runnngofí and personator ol' I hat" broth of a hoy" Harney O'Toolo. Iiis oiforts in tho former dopnrtinenfc, efficiently hided by tho scenic efforts of Messrs Ulibbie rind Burbury, wore productive > of grunt public gratification, while his appearance cn .veaiie was warmly greeted, 'l'ho piece, which bore ovi ! dence on tho first night of too hasty production, lins improved on repetition, und is adequately - plnyed i throughout, Mrs C. Poole, Warner, and Hurford being I especially noticeable. Hrs Appleton was .remarkably cueetivo ns Stephen ïurooll, though tho part wits snme I what, out of his usual ".lino of business," and tho same I inny be justly said of Mrs 0.. Jones in tho ungrateful and inappropriate pnrt of " Molsliee." .'A'burlesque' entitlod " 'Xho Willa wi?n Mern Plato" was produced on ' Thursday, and though energetically neted ¿by nih con- cerned (espocially Burford, Howard, and Appleton) I failed to impress .. the audience us a good'".piece "of ¡ China." Wo were almost forgetting to mention the striking moonlight .effect, introduced in tho " l'oop : o' I lMy"_in tho great sensation scene. It is novel, effective, and exceedingly picturesque, mid os "coming event-i cast their shadows boforo," wo aro justified in siryhig tlmt this effect is ono of the ingredients (for want, of a bolter tarni) of tho great" Ghost Illusion", which is.to be pro 1 scntod to tim publie ¡at this establishment on Monday, night und during the ensiling week, and which, ovoifin \vpnder tceiuing London,-is considered to bo one of .tho .most wonderful discoveries over made in tho scionco of optics. It is tho joint production of..H. Dirks, Esq., M.S.O.K., and I'rofossor Popper .of. tho Royal. Polytechnic Institu- tion, London, who iii consoqueneo of its immense success mid consequent vuhtc, hnvo got a patent for. it, and un- der: their authority, it lins been already, produoud/ with 'iniineitnö success by Mr Pitt in Victoria, and now, under tho'snine auspices, id tb be producod hore., Wo,have no doubt that crowded - houses will nmply'repay tho spirited 'Iessoo for tho great outlay involved in tho introduction to tho Sydiioy publie of ono'of tho greatest scientific marvels ol' this scientifically marvellous ugo. - , 