AGRICULTURAL REPORT. The agricultural produce market has been remark ably quiet during the past week, and no material alteration has taken place in quotations. Adelaide silk- dressed flour may be quoted at from £11 to £11 103, in trade lots. Wheat maintains former prices. Good colonial oats are rather scarce, and, although there is no great demand, the price remains firm nt from 0s to Gs *Ud per bushel. Danish are worth .is ; Scotch, Is 3d ; and Irish, -is (id. There is bnt little doing in barley, which may be placcd at from ?Is (id to 4s 9d. Maize is selling at l'rom Is. 3d to 4s (id ; nud bran i-t Is Od per bushel. . ' The orincinal event to he imticerl ill the agricultural world is the annual exhibition of tho Port Phillip Far mers' Society, but of this we have fully treated in another portion of the paper. Several other exhibitions have been held lately, amongst which we may notice the third annual show of the Smeaton, Spriugiull, aud Bullarook Association. This, took plnco on the 5th inst., nt the society's yards, Smenton. The show, ns a whole, wns very successful. The exhibits of stock, both horse und cattle, were nu nierous, good, nnd considered much superior ^ to those exhibited at tho lust Ballaarat show. Mr Cox s Black log, the celebrated entire (winner .if nineteen prizes), attracted much observation. Mr Ogilvie's 'W restler also had his ndmirers, several being willing to back his progeny ns being superior to' Blackleg's. Of blood en tires, Znnga wns tho solitary specimen. Two fine bulls, Hepburn's Prince Albert nud a . bull of Birch's, broke awny out of the yard, so thnt the exhibits in that lino were reduced to oiie. Of sheep, the exhibits wore limited to two lots, namely, a merino ram nnd five wethers, but thoy wero certainly very good, being, both large framed and fino woolled. Of pigs, tho usual num ber wero not present, owing to Mr Kemp, a well known exhibitor of porcine celebrities, having hnd his lot bogged on the road. Tho specimens of poultry, like many other articles, were also very few, in conse quence of tlie st:ito of the roads. Agricultural imple ments were more plentiful than last year, and con sidered good. There wero not many oxhibits, owing to the state of the roads. Thoso shown by *T. Tvuan nud John Gibb, of Ballaarat, were much admired, nnd took prizes. On tlie same day was also held the nnnual exhibition of tho Kilmoro Society. Tlio unpropitiuus weather und consequent bad sit-.ito of the roans rendered the ex hibits fewer than would otherwise have been the ease. Nevertheless the yards wero well filled nml tho quality of the exhibits was generally superior to _ that evinced on former occasions. The entire horses did great credit to tho district, nnd were nt lenat equal to those ex hibited at any former show. The draught entries that took the first and second prizes were really good serviceable nniuinls, ns wore several of those to whom no prize was awarded. Mr Bloxsidge's thorough- bred entire, Atlios, attracted n good deal of nttcution. Tho draught stock — brood mares, foals, itc. — wns nlso good. There wero several vory superior lots of cattle, two cows exhibited by Mr Cameron, of the Deep Creek, nnd ono by Mr li. Miller, being particularly worthy of mention. No working bullocks were entered. The show of imple ments was pretty fuir ; tho entries of some articles, however, wero not numerous. One or two of tho ploughs wero much admired. Tho mutual show of cattle, poultry and dairy produce, ifrc., in conncction with tho lv yneton Agricultural Asso ciation, will be held on the second Wednesday iu De cember, nt the society's show yards. A liberal prizo list lias been prepared, nnd from the general arrange ments for cniTying out tho exhibition, it is anticipated that it will be one of the best ever yet held in the dis trict. Tho Newstoad ?Agricultural Society hns suggested that, in the treatise on- tho best method of managing a 200 acre farm, ? to lie written under the auspices of tho Bonrd of Agriculture, chapters should be devoted to tho following subjects, in addition to twenty others already agreed to, namely — One with regard to tho renovation nnd cleansing of exhausted soils ; another nbout tho vnrious manures ; a third to trout of the va rious weeds of the colony, with wood-cuts of tho same, ami a fourth to set forth the relative values of reaping aud harvesting implements, &c.;, &e.; An up country journnl says, thnt should each society furnish its quota to the general stock, we sluill have a book big enough ami learned enough to enable the veriest new chum to farm by rule, and grow rich by paying attention to his rude mociim. The weather, until within tho last two or. threo days, hns continued most unfavorable and discouraging. Reports of the state of the crops have reached us from nearly every part of the colony. We learn that nearly tlio wliolo of tlio wheat crop in the Hunter River district, New South Wales, has been blighted by tho rust. The flint/lelon Times, in an nouncing this fact, says, u One remarkable feature of tills disease is thnt it allows tho plant to grow on vigorously until it lias attained full size, and the ears havo begun to fill. It then shows its fatal nature by arresting tho ripening process. The symptoms of the disenso nro at first, small reddish spots on tho stall;. Those spots — consisting apparently of some kind of fungus — spread gradually over tho plant, with greater or les3 rapidity according to the nature of the weather. Tho wheat iu tho meantime seems to thrive, und tlie farmer often spares it in the hope that it may .throw off its enemy. No sooner, however, is tlie straw fully grown, lind tho flow of sap lessoned, tlinu the pnrasito sucks out tlio vital fluid, nnd provents the formation of the grain in tlio ear. A large portion of tho crop is nt present being cut down for liny. Tlio rod dust which rises behind tho mowing machines, as they pass over the fields, show how preva lent is tho disenso. We noticed a field of buckwheat tho other day. which was freo from rust, while the othor kinds of wheat in adjacent fields were overrun by it.' Tho summer show of the Geelong Horticultural As sociation was held on Tuesday last. The floral depart ment was well supported, the exhibits of pot plants nnd the cut flowers boing both numerous nnd good. There wns but little fruit shown, nnd the vegetable classes were but poorly filled. A Real Giiost. — Tho hauilot of Baynton, near Barfold, in tho ICyneton district, hns for somo time past been honored with tho nppenrnuce, from lime to time, of n ronl ghost. Our informant, a stal wart farmor on whom we can most strictly rely, says the country side is in a state of ferment from tho reported appearance of ft ' horrible shadow, unreal mockery,' having the outline of ft woman with tho faco of a fiond. Tho placo it most affects is nenr tho farm of Mr M'Konnn, and sovoral men linvo actually left the employ of Mr M'Konnn through terror at tho ghostly visitation. Mr Bennett, a wortliv and stout auctioneer, was so terrified one night that ho turned back and sought tho friendly wclcomo of an inn, and. resolutely relased to go on till morning ; wo are told the ghost addressed the auctioneer, but our informant was not awaro if it wus in ono of the dead' langunges. Talos of human bones having, been, ploughed up upon tho farm is an assistance to-tho ignorant terror tlio gjiost has occa sioned. We- recommend, as a capital means of exorcising; a-good'doseof small shot, with good aim, directed to -tho .posterior developments of the appa rition -r—T--.rrcngpwev Timet, 