SKETCHES IN THE HOUSE I5U. JIACKAY (NOT Till! HON AND LF.ARNED MUM DICK I'OIl S.\r-i:, liUT YH K SIKMDISlt R)Il NOKTII GIl'I'S LAND),'lS_" INAUDIBLE ].V TIIU GALLIIHY." Dr. Mackay (not the lion nnd learned member for Sale, but thu member for North Ciipps Land), is by no means thu least active member of tiie House, though ho docs not often occupy si very large space in the columns of theHewspapcrs. All tin! reporters love Dr. Mackay (not the lion and learned m-udier for Sale, but the member for North Gipps Land), first because he is said to le a jolly good fellow, and secondly, because he is generally "iuaudiblo in thu gallery." Dr. .Mackay (not the linn and loomed member for Sale, but the niemb'T for North Gipps Land), has tried both sides of the House, and both ends ot the House, and still without effect. His questions are more eclioer, liis motions are unreal, his resolutions are ghosts—he is ever and inevitable "[inaudible in tliogallery." He is a phantom, a shadow, a spirit, a voice, a w:i!i>!nrnijr >tar, and a report is fast getting •.tb-rr. tlm* he is the original Simpson—for you might as well ask the fb'st man yon meet whether holms seen that mysterious individual as ask the reporter on your left linml, or the reporter on your right hand, whether lie can hear Dr. Mackay (not the lion and learned member for Sale, hut the member lor North • Gipps Land). Now, this bein<r so comes the question,— Why does Dr. M.ickay (not the lion ami learned member for North Gipps Land), ever speak at all in the House 'I Why is l:e not a silent member—why does he not pair oil" with Weeks ? not that Weeks is a silent memb.jr— would to lleaven he were—but his nam! occurs first as one of the Opposition who might bo spared without much detriment, to the cause of-legislation or the country. Then if anybody were to ask " whore is Simpson or "have you seen Simpson?" you might reply yes, I saw him in the lobby, near the refreshment room just, now, in company with Weeks. With Weeks? why I thought the White Hart—Hush! that's a fable, Weeks denied it 011 the floor of the House, in his own inimitable babbling way he denied it— said it was a scandalous libel, but would not have been if he had got the ch.tnce. Hut if it was not Weeks who was it ' I don't know, I can't tell perhaps it was Simpson—not that Simpson, but some other Simpson. Oh! I see, not the hon and learned member for ? No but the member for ? 1 hush ! ther-j is Simpson not thix Simpson, but the other Simpson. Thank you, your ex planation is very intelligible. Merciful Heaven ! Thou rather, with Thy sharp and sulphurous bolt split'st the iin wedgeable and gnarled oak than—Simpson ! One question and four notices of motion nil in one day, and at one fell swoop. No wonder Wood Minister of Justice, called him an omnium gatherum—he said it, the motion but ho meant him, the Simpson. Where is the Recording Angol'! Soft being if Wood Minister of Justice, should blaspheme at Frazer, sot to voce for the remainder of the session, do your duty like an angel, and as you write down the unpirliamentary expletive drop a tear tipon the word, and blot it out for eve: ! Oh ! Titania queen of faries, have you seen Simpson ? The hon and learned Simpson— Omnium Gatherum Mnckay ? No not the hon and learned member for Sale, but the hon member for North Gipps Land. How many more times must I explain that? You have? Well then take him away; Wood, Minister of Justice, says he's an omnium gatherum, and he is certainly inaudible in the gallery. Stay, put not the ass's head upon him, for though he is inaudible in the gallery, he is, all the reporters say so a jolly good fellow. Say you?— Is that Weeks whose head you have got under your other arm? the babbling, emollient, flowing, flowery but most uti necessary Weeks ? " Veeks, Veeks, how you dj, Veeks." Your pardon Pickwick ; your pardon, I intreat mydear sir. Titania Qneen of Faries, call Pluck immediate!}'—bid him do what he likes with Weeks. Wood Minister of_Justice the Recording Angel says you may blaspheme Frazer mildly for the remainder of the session as much as you please, that ho does not care a well, now a fig, he does not care a fig what you say to him, and 011 the part of his record ing brethern, they have no difficulty at all in the matter—'hey promise you that on such occasions, von too shall be " inaudible in the gallery." —Herald. liollowii/s Ointment.—Chnngable weather —-The sudden fickleness of this climate sadly disturbs the general srato or public in-uUti. Affections of the throat and chest are found in every household, and the readiest means of cure arc Holloway's renowned remedies. They prevent congestion, inflamation, ulceration, bronchitis, hoarseness, and cough. This soothing1 Ointment only requires to be well rubbed twice a day over the throat and chest, to effect an immediate and marked 'improve ment in all,tbe symptoms of disease and quickly nroduce a radical cure. Both Oint.mouc ar.d '/■ Pills are devoid of danger, being compounds of the^finot balsams intimately allied by nil turd < and aeecuraiely combined by art.— Adv. 