VINDICATION OF BISHOP COLENSO. (Continued from, our last.) LETTER II. November 5th, 1802. I MY DEAR FRIEND,—I do not know that I can do better than spend an hour or two of this day in stripping our modern Guy Fawkes, who, under an episcopal mask, is seeking to blow Moses and the. Pentateuch into the air, of some of his disguises. I assure you the more I consider the matter, the more incredible it seems to me that the Bishop of Natal should seriously have written the book which hears his name; equally so, whether I look at the thing in a moral or an intellectual point of view. However, I will give a few of the reasons at least, for inclining to the more charitable, if not the more true hypothesis. 1\. Is it credible—as I have already hinted —that a Christian pastor should seriously write a book against the historical truth of the Pentateuch so exclusively made up of objections, that not even by accident is anything said on the affirmative side ? Is it credible that he should stumble only on objections,—some of them as old as Celsus, many others touched by Bolingbroke and Voltaire, nearly all to be found in one or another of our infidel writers,—and urged, I must say, with much the same resolute cautiousness and contempt of candour, which characterize the most unscrupulous and disingenuous of those writers ? Is it credible, that while he eagerly takes up everything that looks like an objection, and exaggerates it to the utmost, he should also sedulously ignore or extenuate everything that may be said in solution of it ? Is it credible, I say, that a bishop, 6till remaining such,—clinging in this shipwreck of faith to his mitre, though he has let hi " ordination vows" go to the bottom,—should write a book containing little but the matter, and that expressed so much in the manner, of men who have hitherto so written for the very purpose of vindicating tlieir infidelity, and who, as long as they deemed such arguments true, would have honestly deemed it infamv either to become or remain bishops in the Christian Church 1 I say, reasoning a priori, it is utterly incredible. 2\. Is it credible that a man, educated as Bishop Colenso was, having had a liberal college training, having occupied a prominent position at college, having qualified himself to be a clergyman of the Church of England, having exercised the functions of one, having been appointed a missionary bishop, could have so slenderly considered some of the elementary difficulties of the Book he had gone 0,000 miles to teach the heathen, as to surrender liis faith ignominionsly to the attacks of a Zulu savage ? His ignorance, indeed, with such antecedents, would be astounding enough; but he tells us ho was not altogether ignorant,—as how could he he, unless lie had purposely shut his ears to all the din of the theological discussions which have been so rife in our age f He tells us that he liad, as he imagined, competently acquainted himself with the solutions which had been offered of the difficulties in question, and, upon the whole, was satisfied; yet, no sooner does he confront his Zulus, whom he is to instruct in the orthodox faith, than he is straightway instructed out of it! His position is really as grotesque as that of the soldier who cried to his comrades, " I've got a prisoner." " Bring him along with you," said they. " lie won't come," said the other. "Come without him, then," they rejoined. "But he won't let me," was the answer of this singular captor. It does not seem, indeed very credible that a Zulu, who once believed all the absurdities of his native superstitions, would be likely to be very inordinately startled by the difficulties of the Pentateuch; but be that as it may, that Bishop Colenso should be, not only staggered, but completely demolished by the native logic, on such elementary questions as that about the capacity of Noah's ark for its alleged cargo, does seem, to say the least, very improbable. 3\. On the supposition that the "ghosts" of some of the difficulties ho had formerly felt, and which he once thought " he had laid," had revived, is it credible that he should satisfy himself that he might close his investigations in one brief twelvemonth ; especially considering, that however ignorant he might be when ho commenced them, he must have been soon, aware, when he received the books for which ho wrote, Ewald, Hengstenberg, Kurtz, &c.;, that the subjects had occupied, and were still occupying, the profoundest and acutest inquirers, in lifelong investigations ? Of course, I do not mean to say there are not men who are such bundles of mere egotism and vanity, as to think they have settled in a trice what the deepest and most sagacious intellects still think disputable. But is this likely to be the case with a man who has achieved the reputation of Bishop Colenso ? Or is it consistent with the gravity, calmness, and modesty which we should expect in a "spiritual guide?" Above all, is it credible that he should in hot haste publish the crude results of a hurried examination to the world, at the very moment he himself avows that he was fully aware that his book might and would ainfully shock the faith, and trouble the ! Eeads, hearts, and consciences of thousands ? I find it hard to believe it. 4\. Is it conceivable that a Christian bishop should indnlge in such efflorescence of talk as we find in the preface of this work, about the paramount claims of truth, and the necessity of following it at all hazards, and yet fail to give the only convincing proof that all this was something more than rhetoric—by resigning his bishopric before publishing conclusions so diametrically opposed to the " declaration" in the ordination service: or that the only practical result of all his flaming professions should be a pettifogging attempt to prove that he can, at one and the same time, honorably affirm that he does not " unfeignedly believe all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments," and yet does not violate his declaration in the ordination service, that " he does believe nil the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments;" in short, that he may keep his doubts,—or, rather, liis certainty of the an veracity of the Pentateuch,—and his bishopric at the same time? Can you believe that a Christian bishop, volunteering sueh ostentatious professions of bis love of truth and such heroic defianpa flf the consequences—bent on enlightening the world at whatever cost and penl to himself—should thus ignominionsly subject himself to the suspicion of being .the mere sieve of a shifty and time-serving expediency ? Looking at it in a merely intellectual point of view,—is it likely a man of soclearahead as stands on Bishop Colenso's shoulders should have so muddled his brain as to imagine that if he does not believe all die canonical Scriptures of (he Old and Jfew Testaments, but openly rejects at least Jive of them, he may adhere to the "declaration" that he does believe in them; or that any sophistry can prove that, so long as he is a bishop, he is not' bound by that declaration 1 Or can wo imagine him so far to have muddled himself as to believe that the conclusion to which he had it seems all but arrived,—" of the untenableness of his position,"—could be " materially affected by the recent decision in the Court of Arches ?"'* Even if that decision were ever intended to cover such wholesale rejections of the canonical books as this—which it never Was—could he imagine that he was at liberty to say, in virtue of that decision, that he did believe all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments when he did not; or that he might say what his own conscience told him he could not, because another man told bim he could ? Is it conceivable that he could still further so muddle himself as to believe that the decision in question could alleviate " scruples on the point of the declaration in the ordination service," while ho still expressly admits that "the answer in the ordination service is not the only part of our formularies that will be generally understood, until explained by judicial authority, to involve implicit beli ef in the historical truth of the facts recorded in tbo Pentateuch ?" (Page xxiv.) And, looking at the question morally,—can we believe that a Christian bishop has so muddled his conscience, as well as his intel- lect, as to believe in the above paradoxes; or the equal paradox, that lie is at liberty to remain in the Church on conditions, as he himself implies, on which no " youth of noble mind, with dee]) yearnings after truth" can enter it? that though such an ingenuous voutli, if he did not " believe unfeignedly all the s canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments," could not make the declaration in the ordination service, yet the Bishop of Natal, having happily made it, though be no longer believes it, may safely take all the advantages of still seeming to believe it ? nay, more, not ouly imply by his position that he still believes it, hut gives effect to that belief by ordaining others on the same terms, and by taking part himself in all the services and formularies of the Church,—solemnly reading "lessons," in the name of God, ushered iu with " Thus saith the Lord," though he docs not believe that the Lord has said anything of the kind, and rehearsing in the ears of the people, as sacred truths, what he believes to be the monstrous exaggerations of Jewish vanity gone mad, or the drivel of superstition in its dotage ? Is it conceivable that a bishop of the English Church should so far resemble Pascal's Jesuit Fathers as to think that he may walk in forbidden paths with safety, because he knows " how to direct his intentions aright," though novices and neophytes, not having the skill to sin without guilt, or walk barefoot on knives without cutting their feet, had better not take vows which they do not intend to keep 1 Yours truly, VINDEX. LETTER 111. November 11, 1SG2. MY DEAR FRIEND,—I asked in my previous letter whether it was credible that one sincerely in search of truth, and, above all, a Christian Bishop, should have written a book, in its entire matter, spirit, and tone, so suspiciously like some of the worst books of infidelity ;—in the resolute suppression of opposing arguments, in the exclusive appeal to objections, in palpable distortion of the facts, in evident reluctance to admit any, eveu the most reasonable, mitigations of a difficulty— in which, as much as in anything, the animus of a writer may be seen—in the c: pressing of the literal meaning, though ,it not only makes nonsense of Moses, hut still greater nonsense of the critic himself; and I will add—though I am ashamed to add,—in the attempt, in some places, to give a ludicrous and mocking air to what the author represents as the fair interpretation of the narrative. I assure you that, in several passages, the manner reminds me much more of Voltaire, in his virulent articles on the Old Testawent in his " Philosophical Dictionary," than that—I do not say of any Christian bishop— but of the more decorous advocates of infidelity. Now to these charges you will probably say two things; first, that the " Preface" seems to contradict them ; and, secondly, that I ought to justify' mv representations by some instances. I will endeavor to satisfy you on both points. As-to the first: you will say, perhaps, " But is there not a noble devotion to truth expressed in the Preface ? Is there not much said about reverence in approaching sacred subjects, a fear of shaking the faith of others, a solemn sense of responsibility ?" &c.;, etc. There is; and I answer it is all confined to the preface. When I examine the book itself, all trace of these fine things has vanished. The professions of love of truth in the preface. I admit, lack nothing but the corresponding practicc; which, depend upon it, would be found, if it were a bishop who wrote, first in vacating his bishopric before writing, and then writing, if he must write, with " reverence," and " caution," and " sense of responsibility,"—of all which I find not in the book one particle, And these things, I say, wake it inconceivable that the book is the serious, though I admit it may be the ironical work of a bona fide bishop. But you will ask, secondly, for some instances of alleged resemblance to the very manner of avowed and consistent infidelity. You shall have them in plenty, and the first shall alone be an instance of all I have charged, if it be not an example of the grossest ignorance,—and that cannot excuse the tone and manner. It is, in fact hard to say whether the captiousness of this notable passage, its"distortion or omission of facts, its mppressio veri, or its mggestio falsi be most conspicuous. I allude to the critic's grotesque description of the duties of the priest in the removal of the remains of the slaughtered victims outside the camp. Assuming his calculations of the dimensions of the camp to be about those of London, our critic says (p. 40), " In feet we have to imagine the priest having himself to carry on his back on loot, from St. Paul's to the outskirts of the metropolis, the skin, and flesh, and heads and legs, and inwards and dang, even the whole bullock." It may be said that bis ignorancc here of the force ot the Hebrew verb Jliphil, or liis never having taken the pains to see what the Hebrew was or meant, has be-, -trayed him mto this ridiculous representation. "But even if we suppose this, can you believe that a genuine bishop of the Church would be either so grossly ignorant or so grossly negligent in a matter of such importance, and allow himself thus unwittingly to play the buffoon, as the author does here, by so grossly burlesquing the meaning of Moses ? Had he consulted the original, he could hardly fail to perceive that the mood in question is appropriate to the act, not of doing, but of causing a thing to be done. But in reality, even the English as it stands would not fairly suggest anything like the representation of this passage. As long as the usage holds, of enjoining on superiors what is to be done by their agents, or the maxim, Quifacit per alium facit per se, it does not follow that the priest was personally to perform these menial duties. Bishop Colenso himself knows far better than to interpret language as our pseudo-Colenso interprets it here. The Bishop uses human ipeech like any other " reasonable two-legged creature." Thus in his Ten Weeks in Natal he tells us that Dr. Stanger was " one of the two who were brought out of that pestilential rivet (the Niger) the remnant of the ill-fated crew of the Albert;" and he would iustly stare if any one had told him that he supjosed " Dr. S. brought them to shore on liis jack !" Bishop Colenso would have said that he meant that Dr. S. took the means for bringing them out, by steering tbe vessel that did it. But the passage swarms with other assumptions, "which show the animus of the writer. The critic knows very well that there was a large body of men—the Levites—whose express duty it was to assist in the service of the Tabernacle, and to perform its menial duties. Even these, however, might not be obliged to take up the bullock's remains " on their backs;" for it is evident that they had carts given to them to convey the tabernacle, and, for aught we know, and, as may be rationally supposed, other carts for other purposes. If they had carts at all, it is not likely that they would load their " backs" with the bullocks; but would prefer being "waggoners" to being "porters." But our critic who, like Shylock, is determined not to have anything but what " is set down in the bond," may perhaps say, as he is saying perpetually in like cases, " But there is nothing said about carts." Out of his own mouth he may be condemned; for is there anything said about " backs ?" In short, it is impossible to account for either the ignorance, the levity, the irreverence displayed in this grotesque parody, without supposing that somebody very different from a bishop penned it. Yours truly, (To he continued.) VINDEX. 