NEWS AND NOTES. In the haste in which our correspondent, "A Miner," was to find fault with the government for appointing three new magistrates he committed an injustice, which we are sure he will be glad to have corrected. It was broadly intimated that Mr Cor- coran, of Bullarook, though the name was not men- tioned, had been before the Police Court, for assault. We have ascertained that the Mr Corcoran in ques- tion was not in the district at the time, and that the assault is as much reprobated by him as by any person whatever. Mr Corcoran, we learn also, was recommended by a member of the Opposition, and we need hardly remind our readers that he took part in condemning Messrs Humffray and Cathie's conduct in voting for the squatter's tenure. We deem it right to say this much in vindication of Mr Corcoran, who has been confounded with an excitable relative, and made responsible for his conduct. We may also state that another gentleman whose name has been mentioned, viz., Mr Usher, repudiates any political partisanship whatever, and was recom- mended by two members of the Opposition as a suitable person to hold a commission of the peace. The Ballarat and Ballarat East Water Commission will meet at the Town Hall, Barkly street, this afternoon, at five o'clock p.m. The principal busi- ness will be the reception and decision upon tenders for cutting catch-water drains at Harry Beale's Swamp. Councillor W. C Smith is to move that the Engineer be instructed to call for tenders for erecting a reservoir at Harry Beale's Swamp. Councillors Dyte and Duncan are respectively to move that the Engineer be instructed to prepare plans and specifications for laying the water mains in Victoria street, and in Armstrong street from Sturt to Mair streets. We see that the notice paper for this day's meeting, from which we gather the above information, in- dicates that the Chairmen of the two councils wish the commission to take into consideration the propriety of discontinuing the watering of the streets. Not before it was required, good chairmen. It may be remembered that we last year suggested the urgent need of discontinuing this inequitable and wasteful expenditure of reasonably good water when we had it, but the warning was lost upon men in authority at the time. Soon afterwards the waters of the Swamp were brought so low that they were almost unpotable as well as unprocurable, sup- plies were had from waterholes and other recepta- cles still more fetid, and a very huge portion of last year's summer mortality is directly traceable to cor- porate mismanagement in this respect. To so great straits had the water supply been reduced that ten- ders were all but accepted for a supply from the old shaft of the Catch me-who-can Com- pany, when, as luck would have it, the rainy season set in, and the heavens sent us a supply which we might have anticipated by a little exercise of fore- thought and less selfishness. To use a vulgar but expressive and energetic phrase, the street watering must be "knocked off" instanter. We were talk- ing, the other day, to Mr Duncan, senior, of the Wendouree nursery, who informed us that a little while since he penetrated on foot to nearly the middle of the swamp and found that its depth was pretty uniform, and that its bottom was wholly of soft clayey mud fully four feet deep, and formed by the annual decay of the aquatic plants which flourish there and actually deteriorate the quality of the water, whether living or dead. In their last condition they make the water actually pestiferous, and either living or dead they indicate an unwhole- some condition. As the Swamp, as it is now pro- perly called, must necessarily be a permanent reservoir, we should advise its being deepened by as many feet as will prevent the growth of the plant referred to, which are always the result of stagna- tion, and by experience unfavorable to the higher forms of life. We have alluded to the all but accepted tender (high in price and exorbitant though it was) of the company having charge of the Catch- me-who-Can shaft. Would it not be wise, in addi- tion to a scheme for deepening and clearing the Swamp, for the Water Commission to adopt mea- sures for recruiting the waters by making arrange- ments for conducting thereto the fine water daily pumped from and wasted at the surrounding claims. The water daily pumped out of the several mines would at least compensate for all evaporation, if it did not improve the quality of the supply generally. A little before two o'clock this morning a fire broke out in the upper storey of a stable at the rear of the Hit-or-Miss Hotel, Eureka street,- the said stable being owned by Mr Crosbie. Suspicion attaches itself to the circumstance, as it was not understood that any one slept in the stable; while Mr Dyte, secretary to the Ballarat East Brigade, found ample evidence that some one had been sleeping there. The Ballarat Brigade was soon an the spot, and by aid of the first plug of the new Eureka-street water supply from the Gong Gong reservoir, managed to put out the fire without consuming the building. A man named John Brunton, a journeyman tailor, and well advanced in years, was arrested at Smythes- dale, on Friday, on a charge of attempting to com- mit a rape on a little girl seven years of age. He was brought before the Smythesdale bench and remanded till this day. The particulars of a charge preferred at the Creswick Police Court, against certain men for wil- fully setting on fire a cultivation paddock belonging to Charles Minster, of Smeaton, will be found in another column. Our correspondent remarks:- About £1500 worth of grain is considered to have been destroyed at Smeaton through the fire on Wednesday. Minster had 20 acres burnt; McColl, about 35; Curtin, 9; Mark Ryder, 95; and Moflat, about 110 acres. Nearly three miles of fencing has been consumed besides. Great praise is given by the neighboring farmers to Mr Mather, of Birch's Creek, for his exertions in extinguishing the fire. They consider, but for him, the fire would have soon reached Forest Hill, sweeping everything before it. Our correspondent further writes as follows:- Mr Kirk, of Smeaton, on receiving a license, the other day, for the Kooryang Hotel, gave £1 to the Creswick District Hospital.- An inquest on the cause of the fire at Smeaton is being held this day (3rd January), by Mr W. B. Lees, District Coroner.-Fires were seen last night in the direction of Ascot. The Exploration Monument Committee will meet to-morrow evening to discuss the tenders sent in for the erection of the first portion of the monument. The funds in hand are by no means adequate to the work to be done, and we are informed that, as yet, scarcely any of the mining companies have contri- buted. Under these circumstances it is much to be desired that some collectors would volunteer their services among the miners. A small contribution from each company would not be felt, and would tell very serviceably upon the monument fund. We believe that Mr Colvin has offered to wait upon mining companies, and if some person equally well known with himself among miners, would join in the work, there is little doubt that a good sum would be obtained. About a week ago, by some unexplained accident, the long dry grass in the vicinity of the Lal Lal cascade was set on fire. This was speedily burned, and the fire extended down the shaggy sides of the ravine, destroying all the luxuriant vegetation a considerable way down the creek. Until this is renewed by next season's growth, Lal Lal will be shorn of a portion of its attraction. Last week there were exported per Calliance, from Geelong, two blocks of Geelong marble, valued at £2, and six cases of Victorian wine, valued at £6. On and after Thursday, goods will be forwarded to and from Ballarat West railway station. The secretary requests that the address of all goods in- tended for delivery at Ballarat East or Ballarat West respectively, shall be distinctly made, and that in all cases where Ballarat alone is stated, the deli- very will be at Ballarat West station. On Saturday, one gold buyer in the Main road purchased no less than 727 ounces of gold. The Pioneer Lodge of the Ancient and Independ- ent Order of Odd Fellows purposes celebrating its anniversary on the 9th inst., by the holding of a banquet in the lodge room. On Saturday, Mr Young, J P., disposed of the following prisoners in the Eastern lock-up:- Ah Goo for stealing a watch was remanded; Jas. Millar and John Rae, for using obscene language in a public place, were sent to gaol for seven days; John Cooke and Wm. Wieldon for drunkenness were discharged; Mary Dooley, for habitual drunkenness was sent to gaol for six months; Peter Mateer, for being drunk was fined 5s; Wm. Rechcroft, for destroying pro- perty belonging to Mr Stower, was fined 10s, and ordered to pay 10s damages, or 48 hours in gaol. On Sunday, at the Rainbow Hotel, Ballarat, the District Coroner held an inquest on the body of Ah Too, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on Friday, in a hut on the White Flat, Ballarat, and arose from natural causes, being caused by a protracted fever and diarrhœa supervening thereon. King Wing, miner, deposed that he had known the deceased for five years, during the whole of which period he had been in Ballarat. Witness had been a mate and living with the deceased for half the time. The deceased, who was aged thirty two years, and from Canton, was always a healthy man up to about nine weeks, when he complained of loss of appetite, but he con- tinued to work very hard up to four weeks, when the mining party was broken up. Since then the de- ceased lost his appetite entirely, and could badly walk for any length of time without lying down. He never had any cough, nor did he feel pain in any part of the body, and his bowels were regular. No Chinese doctor nor any medical man saw him. He became worse on Wednesday, being greatly ex- hausted from the heat of the day. He then got a severe diarrhœa and could hardly stand up, falling down every time he went to the closet. He died about four or five o'clock on Friday. James Suther- land, M.D, tendered the medical evidence. The number of passengers who arrived at the port of Melbourne during the week ending 3rd January, was 413, of whom 212 were from the neighboring colonies, 157 from the United King- dom, 2 from the United States, and 42 from Ham- burg. At the Police Court, on Saturday, the managers of the Cardigan Farmers' Common prosecuted a man, named Davidson, for allowing over a thousand sheep to trespass on the common. The bench im- posed a penally of 20s, and £1 1s costs. On Monday morning, the 29th December, there was a severe frost, which greatly injured plantations of potatoes, cucumbers, and other tender vegetables, in gardens on the Leigh, near Buninyong. Mr Gustav Droege, lately and for some years a resident in New Zealand, and intimately acquainted with the social and political condition of the abori- ginal population, has undertaken to deliver two lectures on "New Zealand and the New Zealander," in aid of the fund for ceiling the hall of the Mecha- nics' Institute. Mr Droege is a man of intelligence, and formerly editor of a German newspaper in Mel- bourne. The Gazette contains the revocation of one site at Amherst for cricketing and recreative purposes, and the temporary reservation from sale of another. The reservation of forty acres of land at Windermere for access to water, is also revoked, and another site given in lieu. A site for a manure depot at Moon- ambel has been temporarily reserved from sale. There was a good average house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when the play of "Bel- phegor" was repeated, followed by the comic portions of the Christmas pantomime. Mr Dillon's Belphager is evidently appreciated, and the management has regarded it as a "hit," purposing to reproduce it to- morrow night. This evening Mr Dillon will appear as Hamlet, supported by an excellent cast from the stock company, supplemented by Mr Bellair, whose services come in very opportunely, and are valuable. Mr Hoskins takes his old part of the Ghost, Miss Lockhart enacting the Queen, and Miss Harland Ophelia, a cast which might be advantageously re- versed were Miss Lockhart but gifted with Miss Harland's power of song. As we have said, the cast is as good as can be had in Ballarat, and the patrons of the bouse may confidently reckon on a good en- tertainment if all that has been told us about the chief player be true. A diverting afterpiece is to conclude the entertainment. The performances at the New Adelphi Theatre on Saturday night, were honored by a large attendance and passed off very successfully. This (Monday) evening the entertainment will commence with the clever musical farce entitled "Le Chalet (Swiss Cottage), or Why Don't She Marry," in which Mr Frank Howson will appear as Nants Teik, Mr John Howson, jun., as Max, and Miss Cielia Howson as Lisette. This will be followed by an act of "Il Tro- vatore," and the last scene of "La Sonnambula." On Tuesday is to to produced the burlesque upon "Norma." On Saturday Mr B. Hepburn received a requisi-tion requesting that he would allow himself to be nominated at the ensuing election of municipal councillors for Ballarat West; and he has consented to take his chance with other Richmonds in the field. A numerously signed requisition is also being got up to Mr Campbell, Mr McDowall, and Mr Mar- tin. The contest, judging from present appearances, is likely to be a keen one. A few nights ago, some maliciously disposed individual, not having the fear of the law before his eyes, thought proper to batter the Savings Bank signboard, which is made of zinc, and injured it to the extent of £5 by knocking it out of the frame and defacing the gold-letters thereon. The actuary of the bank offers a reward of £5 for the detection of the offenders. The bazaar on Saturday night was well attended, and trade was very brisk. Mr W. C. Smith offi- ciated as auctioneer, but was unable to get through more than two stalls, the articles connected with which were knocked, down at a very "alarming sacrifice." The bazaar will open this night for the last time, and the various articles exhibited will be put up to auction by several auctioneers, whose services have been retained for the occasion. The lottery will take place in a few days, due notice of which will be given in the papers. A person named John Montague who, on the 30th August, 1861, was sentenced to two years imprison- ment at Ballarat for assault and robbery, has been discharged from the Penal Department, after serving a year and four months of the sentence. Detective Hudson, of Ballarat, has received a re- ward of £4 in acknowledgment of the tact displayed by him in the arrest of George Russell, who com- mitted a burglary in the George Hotel. A few days ago a boat belonging to Mr Archibald Owens, of Burrumbeet, was discovered to be on fire in the inside. There can be no doubt that the fire was the work of an incendiary, as some old rags &c; were found in the boat at the time. The fire was extinguished by floating the boat into deep water and swamping it. A man named Francis Bond who, on the 22nd March, 1856, was sentenced in this town to 10 years and 42 days imprisonment for horsestealing, has re- ceived a ticket-of-leave for the Wangaratta district, after serving about 6 years and 9 months of the sentence. On Friday Messrs Irving, Glover and Co. treated the men in their employment to a picnic to Lake Burrumbeet. The party set out at an early hour in the morning, for the scene of their amusement in one of Cobb and Co.'s six-horse coaches, and, with their wives and sweethearts, mustered some seventy- five persons. On their way to the lake the pole of the coach snapped in two on the telegraph road, which accident detained them for some time, but the ingenuity of the coachman made all right again; and after half an hour's delay they were again under weigh, and arrived at the lake in good time, where they enjoyed themselves to their heart's content. The party was accompanied by two sets of bag- pipes, the owners of which kept the chanter blown up during the greater part of the day, doubtless to the great delight of the persons present. After spending a very pleasant day the party returned to town at a late hour in the evening. At the District Police Court, on Saturday, Mr Peake, the Master of the Court Unity Lodge of Foresters, was summoned by some of the members to show cause why he should not deliver up a letter written by a person who some years ago was a mem- ber of the order, and who applied to the Lodge for relief. Mr Peake, it appeared, after questioning the applicant, found that he was not a subscribing mem- ber, and termed him an "impostor." Some mem- bers of the Court espoused the cause of the quon- dam Forester, and hence the proceedings. Mr McDermott appeared for the accused, and Mr Holmes for the prosecution. The Bench held that the letter was the property of the Lodge, although addressed to Mr Peake, as Chief Ranger, and made an order for its restitution. Mr McDermott gave notice of ap- peal. The members in Court manifested a very bad spirit in the matter, and such as rather ought not to be shown by persons who are members of a society in which brotherly feelings are supposed to be predominant. Daniel Artingstall, who on the 30th August, 1861, in this town, was sentenced to two years' imprison- ment for stealing money, has been discharged from the penal department, after serving about a year and four months of the sentence. The Gazette announces that the following societies have been registered under the Acts relating to friendly societies, on the respective dates affixed.- The Widow and Orphans' Fund, Loyal Prince of Wales Lodge, M.U.,I.O.O.F., at Creswick, 11th July, 1862; the Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodge M.U.,I.O.O.F, at Ballarat East, 1st December, 1862\. During the day on Sunday, the thermometer stood at 102 deg., in the sun, and at 92 deg., in the shade. A lecture will be delivered at the Mechanics' In- stitute to-morrow evening, by the Rev. J. E. Brom- by, D.D., principal of the Church of England Gram- mar School, Melbourne. Subject- "The Moon." There is a rumor, that the representation of Evelyn will shortly be vacant, by the retirement of Mr Gatty Jones. The Bendigo Advertiser states that Mr Jones has intimated his intention of shortly visiting England. In the Government Gazette of the 19th December last, it was notified that no further deposits under the Immigration regulations would be received. This order has since been rescinded, and by a notice in the Gazette of Friday evening, it appears that ap- plications for passages under the regulations will be received and dealt with as heretofore at the offices of the assistant immigration agents, receivers and paymasters throughout the colony, and postmasters at Kilmore and Kyneton. Early on Friday morning, the well-known Mount Alexander Hostelry, at Chewton, was nearly totally destroyed by fire. The origin of the disaster is a mystery. A telegram from Ballarat, in the Evening News, states that one of the new batch of J.P.'s is not likely to take the oaths, as he considers the honor an equivocal one. Two of the new "worships " owe their elevation to Mr O'Connor's influence. 