a gross blunder. Sib, — That the ratepayers may not be most egregiously gulled, and linger in happy inse curity, imagining whilst looking through a won derful magnifying glass-eye darkening, that onr deeply indebted Borough has somewhere to got a magnificent endowment ; the true tale may as well be at once told to them, which amounts to the awful fact that the last fragment ol the grant — £230 Os Id, was obtained on Wednesday last, and we' aro neyer, no never, to get anymore nursing. These beautiful figures, £32,544 ir 1864, and £13,733 in 1867, are about as visionary mines of revenuo for the poor Castlemainiacs as Dr. Reed's ghost of a mouso ; henceforth we have to dopond on our own resources, and if wo had'nt £4000 or £5000 to pay, we might get on jolly, but that has imperatively to, be provided for somehow. Another stunner is the voluminous Act, of 296 pages, from whioh, if you deduct 212, you get the right quantity, and that is quite onough for burgesses ( or councillors to study, and as to the'quality, .we must make the best of it for a year.— ;Yours, etc., - - NO CONJUROR. Ootober 22, 1863. Fatal Accident. — A fatal accident ooourred at , Malmsbury , near the Cemetery, to a lad named John Plummer, aged 6 years. In company with his brother, he had been strolling along the hanks of-the' Coliban, and in attempting to cross the river on a log of wood, he accidentally fell in. Trvo men saw. the . occurrence,' but as the river was running very rapid, and neither of them wore able to swim, "it would have been fool-hardiness on their part to have attempted to save him. About half an hour afterwards the body was : soon floating down the river, half a mile below where the accident oeourred, but was then lost sight pf„orid, in spite of tho exertions of the police. arid several friends of the deceased, : it has riot yet been found. . The body is thought to be lying in a large hole near the Railway Bridge. . The hole is very wide and deep, and cannot be dragged to advantage without the assistance of a boat, and there is not suoh athing in the neighbourhood.— Observer, Ootober 22. Insolvent Court.— ' Wednesday, October 21. — First and only meetings were held and closed in tbo estates of Albert Fuller, of 'Majorca ; Marco Bus- snnioh, of Talbot; George Miohael Brown, of Landsborough'; Graham Muirkcad, of Proston; John Holland, of Moonee Ponds ; Peter Flynn, of Sandhurst; James Burrows, of Daylesford; and Henry Thomas, of Castlemaine, . ... . ! CbIOKET— the pnide 01'' the village.— Good match, old follow P 'Oh ves, awfully jolly. I 'ad a hover of Jackson :. tho first ball it mo on the 'and, tho second 'ad mo on the krieo, the third was in my eye, and the fourth bowled mo out ! Jolly pome.— Punch. . : A Cleveb Husband, like tho good despot, will bo all tho bettor for a little constitutionl op- Sosition. If his most constant companion is ever attoring, ever kind, his natural share of . self- love is sure to grow;! both unhealthily large in quantity, and unworthily little in quality. Iho height of domosticfelicity. would not probably be attained by a man whoso wife could set mm rielit in a Greek quotation, or oppose his views about Hebrew points, or thwart him in his theory of tho origin ofovil ; but still less whore he is novor treated to an occasional dose of whole- somo and vigorous dissent, and is allowed to make assertions and, advance opinions without fear of oritioism or ohanco of opposition. Boh- tudo tends to make a man think a great deal too highly of himself, but this juosi-solitude is still worse, wh'ero ho only sees his . own .mental shadow arid hoars his own montal echo.— Satttr- dog Review. " ' 