A NUT FOR MAC. TO CRACK. To the Editor of the Queeslo?and Times. Sm,--Suppose Mr. O'Shanassy, or a brother of his, were acting in the capacity of Colonial Secretary of Queenslanld, and that the said Colonial Secretary were to offer, and Father MecGinty to accept, the appointment of Police-Magistrate-what would be the result P Why, Vesuvius in a state of eruption would be nothing to it. The seven-billed city, the triple creoss, and all the para phanalia of modern Rome would be deseanted upon. Pious Bible.reading men would turn up the whites of their eyes to Heaven. Dr. Comming's theory would be greatly in the ascendant. Meetings would be called; the ghost of Calvin would be invoked; Bishop Quinn would be de nouneed as an incendiary, and Father MeGioty be ad. judged the fate of Joan of Arc. But, ye godsl when the divine isa Presbyterian, what a silence prevails. Some person has asked, has Mac., been stuafing the mouths of people with Athol brosel Why, even theCatholics are ~silent--what a tesonss for those who are most given to eoodemn them! But auppose to.morrow.the Catholies of Ipawich. were to demand the ,ppointment of Father MeGinty to a similar billet, what would our friend Mac do--and suppose other sects were to follow the same ex ple, what wouldbe the result? I?now onesect, which if repreetation is the basiso uponwhichthis appointment was made, can afford to spare two, three, or a half dozen of her olergymen for that purpose, and Maccans havethem bag and baggage without inflicting on the congregations the slightest ,hairm by their absence. A report prevails in tone eihts being the inotentien of the bullok devers to have the name of one of their number put on the Com. mission of the Peace. t is intended to feed the candi date well with porridge for a couple of months, so as to ensure his appointment, and by tte time he is supposed to to emit Ihat peculiar smell, by which the Acting Colonial Secretary distfingilshees his friends, he will be duly pre aented and gaoetted. How far the gentleman 'i have alluded to may be qualified I cannot say, buoItit looksvery much skif he was ehoses on the principle laid down by the bullock driversa. I am, c., PEVERIL OF THE PEAK. Tpaswleh, January 9,1883. [Ifthe Rev. Mr. McGinty were, like Mr. Sinclair, a layman who had once been a clergyman, there could be no reason why an outcry should arise on asocount of his being appointed a magstrate, when so many men with less education and intelligeoe have obeen privileged to thke their eeat on the benh . It happens, however, that the Roev. W. MoGinty is a stipendiaryof Government, receiving a salary otf 10a-year so long as he reidesid end oflciates in Queensland,-which remtes a great difference between the two cases. Were he to resign his stipend and no longer .to be oa clergyman by profession, thereis no reason why heshould not receive a Govern. ment appointment as well as a member of any ollther religions body.) 