THE TARIFF CONFERENCE, To the Editor of the Herald. [This letter in nn imperfect state was accidentally published yesterday.! Silt,-My object in troubling you again so soon is to correct a typographical error in my last letter, 'In naming the States which comprise thc " Zollverein " and I' Stcuervertin" of Germany, thc word "Russia" is printed instend of J'russia in two places, I did not intend to return to the subject of any last communication so early, but some of my friends have urged me to follow up the suggestion offered in tho concluding paragraph of my letter of Monday, recom- mending some loder ni action on tile part of the four Australian colonies in reference to the collection and distribution of Cus'oms' duties. I am told that our own Premier is favourable to some arrangement of this kind, and that in all probability the South Australian aud Queensland Governments would join him in bringing it about. But it is stated that the Ministers of victoria are decidedly opposed to it ; and without their concurrence it cannot of course bc cariied out. The public will be glad to learn that thc acknow- ledged, and I might say distinguished abilities of Mr. Cowper ns n negotiator will be supported and sustained by the equally distinguished commercial abilities of bis new Treasurer, Mr. Smart, who of course will accompany thc Prtinier to the con- ference. I do not wish to say any thing of either of thtsc genthmen, which might be considered as mere compliment. Their public repututioa is t-o well established to require an) thing of the sort at my bonds ; bul it is right to remind them that, in propor- tion to thc est mation in which Mr. Cowper I is held for diplomatic skill, ond Mr. Smart fjr business abilities, so will the public expect corres- ponding retults from their labours at the proposed conference. If then, they desite to sustain thc well earned reputation they have hitherto enjoyed, they will meet ihe other delegates with a firm resolve not to enter into any bittiness at thc conference unless a proposal for bringing about a Customs' Union between the four Australian, colonies shall bo recognised as a part of thc programme of its proceedings. It is useless to waste time in trying to settle the points on which the colonies t-re at issue on any other principle. To endea- vour to do f-o by sny system of compromise will only engender jcslousics sud irritation, and give risc to fri sh d fficulties and ditpuus. Many plans have betn suggested, but when tho- roughly sifted they are all, to my mind, quite impnc.i cable. ' Some say'let us adopt the " permit," system ; but any ove acquainted with the w.rking of that systun knows that to adopt it in thc present day would not be reform or improvement. 1 It'would simply be to take a soniTrsault backwards ovir a space of more than haifa ccitury of enlightened advancement in'o the fiscal darkness of the past. It would-be raising, not the mere ghost, but tte vtritnble reality of the most odious branch of the Excise sj stem of Scotland, HeovMi knows we have lately hid enough of rapacity and murder in the covutry districts ; and our traders have been suffering from heavy stocks and commercial dulness in our cities and towns. It would surely be a strange panacea for these evils to inaugu- rate a policy which must end in embarrassing trade and demoralising the people-a policy that recognises the principle of treating every trader and carrier in the country as a rogue, unless he caa prove hiuself an honest mon, nod this is to be dono by the production ot a piece of vellum impressed with red letters, genuine or spurious, ns the cate might be. Surely n mitiga- tion of the evils of mellicent policemeo, now so much complained of, is not to be found in a system which would let loose on thc country a swarm of ill-paid revenue officers to stop every team and search every store along our frontiers, supposed to contain dutiable goods. Such a staff of officers would be necessary if either the " permit " or " drawback " system of settling our fit cal difficulties be resorted to. I know of no beuefit likely to arise from the adoption of either system ex- cept one-and in the present posture of poHtical affairs it might be important to secure it. I mein thc splen- did field that would be opened up for the promotion of needy le gislators, who might prove their fitness for nberthbya blind and subservient support, or a fac- titious and unieasonuble opposition to the Ministry of the day, whether Liberal or Conservative. I include both parties, because I om not one of those who think that the present Government are acting differently in the distribution of patronage to what their succes- sors will do when their turn comes. But the truth is that, with the exception of a "Tariff Union," every scheme that I have heard proposed is, in my opinion, equally impracticable with the notable project of Mr. Gideon Lang and his coadjutors for thc formation of a "free-trade" colony along the banks of the Murray »nd Darling. As the district proposed to be erected into the new " RIVERINE COLONY " is the seat of all our fiscal diffi- culties and disputes on the South-western frontier, it may be os well to glance at the mode in which the project is to be carried out, Judging from their conversation and their published letters and speeches Messrs. Lang and Co. seem to find no more difficulty in forming a new colony than in selling or a mob of cattle. They appear to be as expert in erecting n young State by tongue and pea, as thc Gr,at Napoleon was iu upsetting old dynasties with lire and 6word. But it is less difficult to destroy than to construct, and far easier to talk of establishing a colony thnn to do it. I fear, therefore, that Mr. Lang and his friends wiH find a bord task to manufacture a new colony out of thc old material on toe plan proposed. According to their theories, manhood suffrage is to be ignored, and "free trade" is to bo established in its integrity, in the " riverine territories." Nov, all ' these ideas are vety good until they come to be put into practical operatic n. Mr. Gideon Lang is a cleverer fellow than I take him to be, if he can per- suade the shepherds and stockmen of thc district to yield up their political rights for his promise of giving them cheap rum and tobacco. "Witheut sn inch of seaboard belonging to theMurray district, and surrounded as it is by toe lour colonies bf "Victorin, South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland, it will puzzle the ingenuity of Mr. Lsng to find Out means of getting thc said rum and tobacco into the sanctified spot where revenue officers will not be suffered to exist. Of one thing, however, I can assure Mr. Lang, that our new Finance Minister (Mr. Smart) ÍB not the man to allow the new " Eldorado" to land dutiable goods at our ports and to cam- them across our territory without exacting tho legal toll m passing, The new colony would, therefore, be in thc unpleasant dilemma of having to pay the duties without receiving the revenue. This difficulty oppears to retard tho progress of the sepnrationists, and to have put au end to newspaper correspondence,and speechifying for a time. lt is only justico to thc parties concerned to admit | that, in n theoretical point of -view, thc idea was a magnificent ono as ti commercial spccula'.inn. To ! have the privilege of dealing in duty fret goods, and j supplying them at duty paid prices to the conterminous cokniis, would certainly bea nice sort of thing for the new Government to besin with. No e'oubt for the idea of keeping all the trida and profit to themselves we ore indebted to Mr. Gideon Lttrig, who must havo picked it up on his recent con- tinental tour, probably from rending the life of that wot thy man, "William the I., tho merchant King of thc Nethi ria nils, who inaugurated that gigantic mo- nopoly known ns the " Handel Maatschappy," or " trading society " of Holland. But it is evident thnt Mr. Lang ia not equal to the Dutch king in concoctirg a commercial speculation. For while the monni ch succeeded in establishing thc mo-t exten- sive mid profitable mcnopoly in the world, his hum- ble imitator has only succeeded in turning the tables upon himsflf, and shewing how utterly he his i'diled in bis politital arithmetic. So far wc tire safe for tho present from the threat- ened terning from us ot a valuable portion of our co'ony hy tho elforts of Mr. Lang and his disciples, nnd having a grots monopoly and a political job estab- lished at our vt ry doors. So far the speculations of Mr. Gideon Lang and his friends are likely to prove abortive ; and for tho preteUt thtir prospects OTC decidedly Hit in thc political market ; but ss no money deposits have beni ynid down, the financial consequences nrc not likely to be scrims. "We understand that all that can pos- sit ly bc forfeited in the concern ure tho sanguine hopes cf its projectors. Still the hold mid plucky efforts made to font the scheme «re highly creditable to the sagacity and thc enerby of thc promoters, tn I shall prt ecntly tin iv. It is statcil that an offer of the Government of thc r cw colony has been made to Mr. Cowper on condi- tion of lending Iiis influence to promoto thc cause ol separation. If Mr. Cowper should ever change irom n patriot to a traitor, I would advise bim to bargain for some thing more substantial than thc bribe held out by thc fquntttrs of the Mulray ss the price of his política' pet fitly. But thc reply of our Premier, I am told, wat patriotic and statcsmBii-likc in tho extreme, whet tome of these gentlemen called upon him lately 01 the subject. Uno of them informed mc that Mr Cowper firmly told them that he was prepared t< deal wiUi them as a deputation of colonists, aud woulc do all in Ir's powerto saticfy their just demands ; bu that he must decline to treat with them as the pro visional Government of on independent colony. I trust thst Mr. Cowper and Mr. Smirt will taki the same high and honourable ground at the " con. fermer»" on the subicct of CUSTOMS-UNION. 18th March, 1S03. 