THE POLISH QUESTION. The Specíaíorsays:- "The civil news from Poland is this week the most important. The Grand Duke Constantine has left Warsaw for Berlin, and perhaps for England. He has always had a most difficult position, a party at Court accusing him of designs on the Polish " Crown, and General Berg wish, in fact, sent to watch him. Probably it is now intended to replace him by a more vigorous successor, though we doubt the Berlin news that all communication with Warsaw is to be cut off for ten days, Warsaw being the one place where the Russians are afraid to outrage too sensibly European public opinion. The Grand Duke's last words are said to have been The Czar wishes well to Poland. and regrets the measures adopted by General Mouravieff, but recognizes their necessity. This is no doubt true. Alexander II. is a kind-hearted man, and it is difficult to persuade him to order an execution ; but he is a weak man, and thinks himself absolved of responsibility when he delegates power to a Viceroy who regards neither life nor self-respect in man or woman. The Times takes from the Correspondence Generale a curious extract from a letter of the Russian General Boggawout :-' The Poles, without distinction of condition or class, are all animated with the most implacable hatred of the Russians. * » * * The Russians in the interior of the country, and far from railways, are in want of provisions, as the inhabitants of the villages destroy everything on their approach. and join the nearest detachment of insurgents, the pillage and excesses committed by the soldiers must, therefore, surprise no one. General Boggawout is an enfant terrible, and ought to be sent to Siberia for his indiscretion. The Russian organs have steadily declared till now that the peasantry were hostile to the insurrection. What are official and officious journals to do in the face of such friends P There is no great military news. One report says that Taczanowski's defeat last week was trifling. Another says that he was surrounded near the Klomnitz railway station, about thirty miles from the frontier, and cut his way through, killing three hundred Russians, but losing more than double that number himself. Lelewel, another insurgent General, who has entered within the last fortnight, had gained a, slight victory at Rokiciny, another railway station about seventy miles from Warsaw ; but is said to have been killed in the battle. His sores, however. keeps the field. The Polish correspondent oiTheTimes writes a followers can scarcely pity those who have lost even their dearest friends on the field of battle. These are losses that can be spoken of, and are spoken of, almost with pride and before long, as the ardor of the nation goes on increasing, it will be those families whose relations have not fought at all who will find themselves in the least enviable position. I confess I reserve all my commiseration for the unspeakable sufferings of those whose friends have been executed, massacred, wounded, and horribly mutilated, sent with criminals into exile, or imprisoned in some Russian fortress and very possibly tortured. Many doubt, and many more disbelieve, that the Russian authorities still use torture as a means of forcing Polish prisoners to divulge the names of their associates and chiefs. I cannot say that they torture all prisoners whom they suspect of having some connection with the NationalGovernmen t; but that they tortured one last, January in the Warsaw citadel, under the impression that he could and would tell the secret of the great Polish conspiracy, this I can assert most; positively. I not only know the victim, and have heard the story of his suffering from his own lips but two friends of mine, in whose house the poor fellow lay wounded after Jeziornuski's last battle, saw the marks of the bloody operation on his back. This unhappy young and fresh attracted the notice of the Warsaw police by being among the wounded after the massacre of April, 1861, on which occasion he occupied a foremost place in the crowd, (he rejects by the way, with scorn the notion that any additional warning on the part of Prince Gortschakoff could have caused it to disperse.) Nine months afterwards he was arrested and accused of being connected with the central Committee, since transformed into the ' National Government.' A Russian General came to him in the citadel gave him tea and cigars, and asked him in a polite and friendly manner, to tell him whattheCentral Committee really was. The prisoner replied that he knew nothing whatever about it, and as he persisted in his assertion, the General flew into a violent passion, and ordered him to lcccivelittylashes, which were instantly applied. He was then Again entreated and commanded to tell all he knew about the Central Committee or at least to mention the names of his associates and (alleged) íellow-couspirntors. Still refusing, and pleasing absolute inability to give the desired, information, he was ordered to be flogged again. Under the second punishment he fainted, and remembered nothing more until he found himself in the hospital. Some weeks afterwards, us there was no evidence against him and no information could be got out of him, he was set free, and thereupon hastened to the Galician frontier, and joined the army of General Langiewicz. Alter Langiewicz's defeat, he remained for some time at Cracow, and then, being appointed to the detachment of Gregowicz, took part in the action fought on Easter Sunday at Szklary, where he received a flesh wound in the thigh. He was treated for this wound at the Hospital of the Holy Ghost at Cracow, and was well enough at the beginning of May to take service under Jcsiorauski and to fight on the Star of the month it Koby Banks. Here he was shot in the back as he was calling on his men, and since then has been almost a cripple though he is now beginning again to walk, and is already looking out for another detachment. It is certain, then, that since the beginning of the present movement in- Poland near have been tortured in the Russian prisons, as they have been mutilated in Russian battle-fields, and mas- sacred by Russian ijoldiars.even when no battle was going on. Anyone visiting Poland who had a sufficiently large acquaintance among the Poles can convince himself of such facts as these beyond a doubt. If the visitor to Poland cares to ascertain for himself in a direct and practical manner what the sentiments of the Galician peasant are in reference to the in- surrection, he need only put on it Polish tunic, a KoBCiuBzki, cap. and a pair of long boots, and walk, or still better, ride through one of the villages, near the Russo-Polish frontier. An English friend of mine, who had not taken the trouble to get himself up in Polish attire at all was arrested some weeks ago as he was riding through a Galician village, and taken to the nearest post of Kusstirs simply because the peasants did not like the look of him or of his house, or, perhaps, of both. I am speaking now of Western Galicia, where the peasantry are of the Roman Catholic religion and (though they are not aware of it of the Polish race. In Eastern Galicia, where they are But Fenians, and under the influence of Ruthenian Greek TJniate priests, such experiments with the peasantry are not save, us many insurgents and suspected insurgents have been not only , arrested, but also wounded by them. However, let him keep out of the villages where civiliza- tion has not yet penetrated, and the foreigner arriving in Poland will not find one Pole who is not a patriot more or less ardent. Let him go to Cracow, Lemberg, Warsaw, or the Polish country around the half Germanized city of Posen, and he will scarcely find a family that has not lost one or more relatives in the war. Independently of the general mourning, almost every one wears black now as a sign not of national but of domestic affliction. Some few Polish ladies, it is true, who are only grieving for the wrongs of their country, allow themselves a certain Ifbeity and variety in the expression v food convoy Thus mauve and all shades of violet are held to be tolerably facial colors and cor U ornaments and causes wounds us signifying bloodshed maybe worn Nuvuttye less, the first impression one has on entering, not a Polish city where persons of all classes and condit long are seen together, but say I never out of the little watering places at the foot of the Carpathians which had crowded with just the class or persons who have suffered most in person as william pool thy theiiiauiioetiou is certainly that everybody has just i with ned from a but ml, and the brutal truth is, that almost everybody has some relation 01 intnniteliiiud hunged, judicially shot I Had in action, 01 ex. led to Siberia to huiiLiit It must be famous band that Lithuanian, Polish within in and pass Polish families are all linked together by marriage, and that the atrocities oouumttid at ?\yuiuaw, and as we all at Vf una are not left in the kingdom of Poland and Lithuania alone" Suentuic -Pt oIlsroi Punch, being asked whether the have shows the end, of plied i with charming candour, 'Well, really I dont know, but I have very little doubt that the bare body if it cheers." 