As Ecoraste Popr-Pope Sixtus V. who the s-n of a poor pig-dealer at Montalto- born there in 1521\. It may fairly be said that no account of the Holy See has ever left a stronger mark upon his ae. El)zabefb Upen the throne of England, Heury IV. upon that of France, and Sixtua V. upon that of Rome, 'wae a awonderful cluster of great sove reigns for one period. Having, as a cardinal, long appeared imbecile, he was e!eeted by the concur rent voices of several who hoped to reign in his name, snd knew they could not individually com mand a majority. It seemed, too, as if so feeble and-siekly aman could not long postpone another election. When at length informed that he was Pope, Sixtus threw b'y his staff, apothed away bis '-wrinles, and olined the Te 'Deoin with a volct so powerful as to mpke ,bits electords tremble. pe at the saihe',tirne Informed theni that his ate was seven yeari'Jess thian hd 'lis'4 ,:'lispied 7 Inie ditely theie"ed`csnichncd an aldmii'prt onof f.ex. ttoodinarys vig?dur. The baiditti perisied and is. appeared before the steodnesa of his instice. He entered upon.wonderful 'mneasures for the decoration of Rlome.: .Be exacommunicated several Protestant princes; yet afterwards, it is said, coming to know Henry oe France, and Elizabeth of Bglannd, con ceived a respect for them both, and actually won one of tiem over to the Rnmleish ehkreh. OfEliza beth, he charseteristiaally remarked, "She is a big. head-that queen. Coqld I have espoused her,. what a breed of princes we might have had I" His seveiity to the dicions had esomething eventiic in it. 'While makiik dadultery a capital rigme, he ex tended the same punishipent to'a husband who did not complain. It seemed too, as if a cruel dispo sition made him takeaop0opitive pleasure in the ir; fiction ipf death, " I wish justice to he done before dinner,'! he said to the governor of Rome;. so make haste,.lorI anm very.hungry." On one occasion, when some mfriendsof.a Spanish gentleman- criminal pleaded that, if he must die, it should bs by deeapi. tatisn: "No," said Sixtue "he shall be hanged, but I will ennoble bhi exeeotion by attending it myself." He looted on attentively, aend declared the affair had glven him a good appetite; It was to him a recommendatien for a jud.eship if thbe candidate' hId a sevete coontehbanda' 'e was full of jokes about his own severity. Some people pleading for meroy to a criminal of sixteen, alleging that the execution of so young a person was not ac. cording to law, the holy father only replied, "I will give him ten of my own years to make him subject to the law;" and of course, the lad suffered. On the whole, he was one of the greatest of the Popes, snd no Oc can visit Rome without becoming aware how much it owes to him.--The Book 'of Doys. THE PoLsH' LADInEls--The Polish correspondent of the Dasily Newas says:--A long stay in Poland for I cannot help calling that country Poland of which the proprietors of the soil are, with a half.a dozen exceptiona, exclusively Poles-hase a most depressing effect on the spirits. The universal mourning worn .by the women haunts you even in your sleep.and you feel that black is the true ghost colour. Wherever you go you find the same poor helpless creatures herding together in the churches; and even there not always free from the brutality of the Rusasian soldiery. Under the pretence of searcling for arms the sanctity of the house of God has repeatedly been violated, and sentries sta tioned at the door not unfrequently subject ladies to annoyance, if not insult, in going in and out. It Is the attitnde of the taomeo that annoys the Russians still more than that of the men. There is no sacrifice to which they will not readily submit, and their spirit is indomitable. From the Princess Sapicha to the petty tradesman's wife they devote themselves heart and soul to the canse, slaving night and dlay at making clothes, conveying arms and ammunition to the insurgent camp, remaining all night under prison walls for the chmance of rescuing captives, and performing other heroic acts. Combined with the power of selfesacrifirce, Polishll ladies possess a most lively wit, which is often more than a match for their enemies. A young man, named Frederick Pick,. has been fined by the sapient Lougborough magistrates, on the inlorintion of his master, 40as. and costs, for cleaning liis boots on a Sunday. 