_YANDOIT. (from our own correspondent) Quartz Mining.-- The Glamorganshire Reef Com pany.W. Jones and Company, sent a trial crushing, consisting of 13 tons of mineral to the Pioneer crushing mill, which realized 68 oz 15 dwt of gold making a dividend of £65 per man The Cader Idris Company anticipates that it will yet be a month be fore the machinery ls in working order. Prepara tions are being made to excavate a large body of stone from the hill by an open cutting. The Christ mas Reef Company (S. Dunstan and party) sent 30 tons of quartz to Mr Morrison's mill, which returned 56 oz 3 dwt of. gold, making a dividend of £50 per man, after clearing expenses. On the .Chance Reef the prospectors realised 62 oz of gold for, one week's work with eight stamps. The last flood in the. Jim Crow Creek found its way into this company's pumping shaft, ; and has put a stop to the works for a few days. Debel and party, adjoining to the north, are driving in their 60 feet level. This company has been driving eastward of the shaft, the contrary way to ..which the line of reef is proved to run. The men are expecting to strike the reef immediately. Tomkins and Company, Prosper Reef, had another successful trial crashing of 12 tons of quartz, which realised 8 ozs of gold. Mitchell and Company, ad joining North, had a similar crushing. The party of Germans, who lately took up an abandoned claim on Farmer's Reef, have re- christened it the Stamford Reef. ' 20 tons of the mineral, from near the. surface, yielded 21b weight of gold. This party is at present the only occupant of this line of reef. The Great Reef Company has. let a contract to raise 50 tons of stone, which is expected to average 6 or 7 dwt per ton, as gold was frequently seen whilst ' sinking. The contractors on the Pioneer claim have not been more successful than the tributérs in find ing a body of quarts. It is expected that sinking will be. the next order, as the lode at the present level is almost run out. The tributers on the Ham burgh Reef are sinking the shaft to 160 feet level, where they anticipate striking the original run of gold. ALLUVIAL WORKINGS.-Shicer Hill.-The Little Wombat Company washed 10 oz of gold from three loads of dirt last week and 3 oz from one load of dirt the week previous, making a dividend of £12 per man, after clearing expenses. The ori ginal Wombat Company's dirt has averaged 1 oz per load. This company will not be able to work to good advantage until their tunnel is in, which is progressing favorably. Macpherson and party's ground is averaging 4 oz per load. The French man's Hil] (tunnels), Hedges and Company, divided £12 per man for the fortnight. The Working Miners divided £5 10s for the fortnight. M'Kay and party washed 12 loads for 12 dwts of gold, which average will pay well when the company is in working order. The Antediluvian Company has struck better ground this week, and is anticipating good returns for some time to come. The surfacing party in Morrison's Paddock is regularly making wages. The All Nations Company, Yandoit Plains, has not yet succeeded ia striking paying gold. The men, how ever, have not yet drove a sufficient length for the supposed gutter. The proprietors of the Extensive Claim on the Plains (consisting of 161 men' sground) have not yet commenced operations. A rumor is current that Messrs Baillie and Butters, of Mel bourne, are considering whether to erect machinery, or to drive in a tunnel from the lower end of the Plains, in order to give their auriferous merits a good testing. It is to be hoped that a speedy com mencement will be the result of their prolonged con siderations. A NUGGET.-A man named W.Jones, whose luck appears to consist in nugget finding, succeeded in picking one out of a heap of tailings in Old Nuggety Gully on Monday last, weighing 4½ ounces. This is the third nugget that he has picked up in a similar way since Christmas last. SEUIOUS ACCIDENT.-A young man named Wm. Ghosting met with a serious accident while going home on hut Saturday night week. In crossing a neighboring gully he accidentally slipped off a heap of tailings and fell on a sharp stäke, which entered his thigh, inflicting a very deep wound, some splinters of the wood remaining in the flesh. He has since been conveyed to Castlemaine Hospital, where he now lies in a dying state, mortification having set in. No hopes are entertained of bia re covery. THE BOARD OF EDUCATION. The following correspondence between the Chief Secretary and the Board of Education was laid be fore the Legislative Assembly on Friday night: Reply to the Chief Secretary's letter of 19th November, 1862 (No. 4636, F.B. 121). Education Office, Melbourne, 16th January, 1863. Pin,-I have the honor, by direction of the Board of Education, to acknowledge the. receipt of your letter [this letter was laid upon tríe table on the 10th of December last, up to which date no reply had been received in the Chief Secretary's Office J of the 10th November last, No. 4636, in which you request to be furnished with an estimate of the probable sum which will be required to maintain, during the first six months of the year 1863, those schools which will on the 1st July next be affected by section 20 of the Common Schools Act. In reply, I am desired by the Board to state that the inspector-general has furnished them with an estimate, compiled from the returns of attendance at the schools, showing that by the operation of section 20 of the Act a saving of £10,525 may pos sibly be effected in the expenditure for the last six months of the year. It must, however, be borne in mind that this is only an approximate estimate, for the following rea sons: 1\. It is based upon the average attendance at the schools for the quarter ended June, 1862, and it is very probable that many of these schools will, be fore the same period in 1863, have so far increased in size as to be withdrawn from the operation of this section of the Act; for it must be remembered that local committees are doubless aware that the six months alluded to date from the 1st instant ; and that, with a view to secure, as far as in them lies, a continuance of aid to their schools, they will use every exertion to obtain a sufficient attendance. 2\. In some instances all the schools in a locality are deficient in the average attendance; but in Buch cases it will be necessary that one or more schools should be established in place of those which will be discontinued. 3\. In other cases, where some, but not all of the schools will be closed, the children of the defunct schools will probably go to those which survive, and ao increase the attendance as to render additional assistance necessary. For these reasons, the board are cf opinion that the estimated saving will be considerably dimin ished. I have, Sec, (Signed) B. F. KANE. Secretary. The Hon. the Chief Secretary. Chief Secretary'B Office, Melbourne, 26th January, 1863. Sir,-I am directed by the Honorable the Chief Secretary to request that you will be good enough to forward to him on estimate of the number of the schools under the jurisdiction of the Board of Edu cation this year, of the number of the teachers of euch schools, and the amount required for their sala ries, so as to show how the balance of the grant of £100,000 will be expended, after deducting the de partmental expenses. I am to remind you that the Parliament meets to-morrow, and that the House will require this in formation - I have, &C;, i m (Signed) J. Moona The Secretary Board of Education. Education Office, Melbourne, loth February, 1S63. Sir,-1. I have the honor to acknowledge the re ceipt of your letter of 26th nit, asking for an esti mate of the number of schools in connection with the board, the nnmber of teachers employed, and the amount required for their salaries. 2\. In reply, I am directed by the Board of Edu cation to famish you with the following state ment: School Establishments. Teachers of all disses \ Employed. Salaries and Allowances. Department Contingencies £109,252 8 ll 8,300 0 0 1,000 0 0 £118,552 8 ll The amount required for the first quarter of the year, therefore, will be £29,638 2s 3d. 3\. I am to intimate that the cost for thc remainder of the year will depend on the rates sanctioned ander tba rules to be submitted and approved by the Governor in Council. 4\. I am at thc same time to state that there are in existence eighty-one schools, to which aid was promised, conditionally, by the late Denominational School Board, on their having sufficient funds to pay them. One hundred and one (101) teachers are employed in these schools, and they involve an annual charge of £8880 in salaries and allowances. The Board have thought it right to pay these schools «rp to iba end of 1862, tn Sur as «be tafe at Ibeir ajspoaal srffl pends. 5\. If, therefore, the Gorernment vlUasnctiantfae payment of salaries to tte above schools daring 186& the amount reqnired to defray the expenditure of the first quarter of the present year wiD be X3L858Ss 3d..- --.-r-v: IhATjBj (Sumed) Bi TP. Kiss, Secretary. The Hon. the Chief Secretary,. ; Education Office, Melbourne, EepruarySl, 1863. ; Sir,-Beferring to my letter of the 10th instant, I mut directed to state that, in addition to 'Hie sum which th« Board of Education have returned as necessary to carry on the schools at present estab lished, they think it right to state that if Parliament wish aid to be granted for the establishment of new schools, the Board are of opinion, judging from the applications already received, that a sum of .£25,000 could be beneficially applied for this parpóse. X hare, &c;, ¡ (Sumed) For B. F. RAKE, T. TESTAS. The Hon. the ChíEÍ Secretary. Education Office, Melbourne. May 29, 1863, Sir,-In accordance vim your letter of the 28th inst., I have the honor to forward a copy of the questions and ana wera respecting common schools. In the reply to question 9, no reference was made to the Paacoevale School Büdding,-thia omission I hare now rectified. The more detailed information required under question 7, shall be forwarded to-morrow morning. I regret the delay in supplying it, but every effort has been made to furnish it with the least possible delav. I have the honor to be, sir, Tour most obedient serrant, B. F. EAHJB, Secretary. The Hon. the Chief Secretary. 