Miscellaneous. It is stated in naval circles at Chatham that the screw corvette Racoon, 22, 400 horse power, recently fitted at that port and now attached to the firvi- class steam re serve, is to be immediatlv commissioned for sea, to convey his Royal Highness Prince Alfred, who is to be borne on her books as one of her officers, on a lengthened cruise. The destination of the Racoon is not yet known, but it is probable that shewillintbe first instancebedespatchedtolAustralia, which has not yet been vL-ited by prince Alfred, the Racoon has all her guns and the greater part of her stores on board, and is in all res pects ready for the pennant. The officer named for the command is Captain his Serene Highness the Prince of Leiningen. The Masteb and nis Man.— There were at some time ere now bad times, and there were many servants seeking places, and there were not many places for them. There Was a farmer there, and he would not take any servant but one who would stay with him till the end of seven years, and who would not ask for wages, but what he could catch in his mouth cf tbe seed corn, when beshouldbe threshing corn in the barn. None were taking (service) with them. At last he said that he would let them plant their seed in the best ground that be mi^ht have and they should get his own horses and plough to make tbe thraive, and his own horses to harrow it. There was a young lad there, and he said, ' I will take wages with tbee,' and the farmer set wages on the lad, aud the bargain that they made was, that the wages which the lad was to have were to be as many grains of seed as he could catch in his mouth when they were beating sheaves in the barn, and he was to get (leave) to plant that seed iu the best land that the farmer had, and he was to keep as much as grew on that seed, and to put with it what seed soever be might catch in bis mouth when he was threshing tbe corn, and to plant that in the best land which the farmer had on the next year. He was to have horses, and plough, or any other 'gairios he might want for planting or reaping from his ffiaBfeigi&d; so on to die end of seven years. TKJ**fca should have seven winters in the bam ' threshing, seven spring to plant, eeven summers of growth for the crop, and seven autumns of reaping, and whatsoever were - the outcomingthat might be in the iaiafe seed, that was the wage that he was to have when he should go away. The lad went home 'OmsJ. his master, and always when he was thresh^ --* ing in the barn bis master was threshing .-*-' with him, and he caught but three grains ia - * his mouth on that winter; and be kept these carefully til! tbe spring came, and be planted them in the best hind the carle had. There grew out of these three ears, and there were on each ear three-score good grains of seed. The lad kept these carefully, and what grains soever he caught he put them together with them. 9e planted these again in the spring, and in the autumn he had as good, as he had the year before that. The lad pja& , his seed by carefully; and any thing* vjke caught in his mouth when he was threshing in tbe next winter he put it with the other lot; and so with the lad from year to year, till at last, to make a long story short, the lad planted on the last year every (bit of) ? ploughing land that the carle bad, and he had more seed to set, and the carle was air most harried. lie had to pay rent to the farmer who was nearest to him for land in which the lad might set the excess of«eed wbich he had, and to sell part of his cattle for * waut of ground on which they might browse, and he would not make a bargain in the same way with a servant for ever after. — Popular Tales of the West Highlands. By J. F. Campbell. Society in Australia..— Just after landing in Melbourne, on some very gar occasions, I remember that I noticed one or two gentlemen who 1 thought more distin guished than the rest ?' I conclude,' said ? 1 to my cicerone, ' that those are some of the principal people inMelbourne.' 'Oh ? no,' was the answer; ' they are scarcely known in the fashionable world, excepting ' by one or two families—they have, the smallest possible appointments, not in the Government service, and are not invited to Government House.' Now these un knowns proved to be members of certain English county famalies— leading people, whom, 'not to know argues thyself tin- ' knowu.' On the same occasions I nouced - ordinary-looking people, dressed in very glossy coats, fussing about, patronising, aad apparently persecuting with their * wearisome attentions the Governor of the colony and others holding good appoint ments in Melbonrne. '-Who are those?** I asked, to which my friend answered rather satirically, and by way of surprising me, 'Those are some of the big-wigs of Melbourne.' There are, however, gentle men more worthy than these to be called ' big-wigs in the good society of Melbourne, and ladies as charming and accomplished' as may be met with iu other parts of the world. Still, fond mothers sending out their beloved sons to the colony must not feel '' too sanguine that because they may have been distinguished at Almack's and fa vourites among the squires' wives and ' daughters in their own county, or in their ' native town, that they .will be Jh* oyooeare of all eyes in the colony, and have no diffi culty in getting on in a social or business - point of view. They may get on in each j respect; as very many do; but they may ? i not, ss very many do oot. I believe there 1 are more yonng men of good family out ia tbe colony unknown than known; many of j the former are plodding and earning an ] honest li vlihood in humble obscurity; oth era - ] of them are doing nothing at ail but getting I into hopelessly bad habits; whilst others 1 again of those who are unknown may be j doing well, but are of quiet domestic habit8, I and, intent only on saving so much as t o I be able to return home, do not care to I enter into society at all. Melbourne is one of the gayest places in tbe world, and t he ladies and gentlemen (those in ihe gay circles) are the most indefatigable, and X believe the most accomplished, dancers in the world. Dancing is the accomplish ment which is the most cultivated in the colony, and it is therefore tbe one which is brought to the highest state of perfection. There have been lately in Melbonrne pro fessional walkers at the circus — men who undertook for a wager to walk a certain number of miles round end round in a certain number of hours. Now I feel pretty sure that any practised lady dancer in this gay metropolis (if the band only' struck up their favourite gallop) with the assistance of an equally accomplished j partner, could dance the same number of] miles in half the time, without, like the professional pedestrians, requiring medical j treatment before or after the feat. For] the gay, then, there are balls and small] dances on the tapis continually; for the] more quiet and conversational, dinner] parties; and for tbe musical there are tbe] most agreeable soirees musicales. Picnics,] too are greatly tbe fashion in summer, and] very enjoyable to thoes who are vigorous,! and can go through the exertion which they! entail. Sometimes these gatherings happen] on a hot-wind day, when a blast like that! from a furnace is blowing; but this does nod appear in the least to damp the ardour od the picnic devotees, who generally conclude! the day's entertainment by dancing] Indeed, some of them assured me that tbJ only relief on a hot-wind day was to dance] without ceasing, as if they remained in repose they found the heat unbearable ! M only had the courage and enterprise to go] to two of these Melbourne picnics, and them were a fair sample, for my frieuds told mi thofc they were two of the best in point ol arrangement, &c;, that had ever been given! The first was to a favourite spot called Picnic Point, at Brighton — a pretty littll promontory jutting out towards the seal where there was a most appropriate circla of grass, like a fairy-ring, snuglfl enclosed by teatree ** scrub.' No expensl had been spared in this picnic. A delights ful brass band played continually, and ? large marquee was erected, in which ra spread out one of the most recherche of com collations 1 had seen in the colony. Then was dancing on the greensward; the gentw manly and lively officers of H.M.S. —M contributed greatly towards the auimatUs of the scene. Some, however, pret'ertfl KpwffM|,jfiw' mLmt* to hard labour, and sat BpteogiB aaderthe tea trees; while others HWnd about the beach looking for eea Ep^ or watching the tumbling eurf. W. « The fc breeze blew, p: And the white foam flew/' [gild all,'' as the say ing is went as merry 1% marriage bell.' — Three Tears in Mel mom. By Clara AspinaU. IflXUSlOKS. — On ibis interesting topic we M the following remarks in the British marterly Review. The writer says : — ?Ha&ions; may arise either from disorder lathe senses, or from an error of judgment bm data correctly derived from their pdence. Thus a person may see double, I see only the half of an object; or be fey see that object distorted, or variously poured, or modified in an infinity of ways a moat prolific source of ghost seeing. jis chiefly occurs under the influence of a ^dominant train of thought, an absorbing lotion, or an excited state of the imagioa n. One illustration will serve as the pe of the whole; it is related by Dr. grriar in his * Theory of Apparitions : — L gentleman was benighted whilst travel Ig alone in a remote part of the High ids of Scotland, and was compelled to ask elter for the evening at a small lonely it. When he was to be conducted to his tdroom, the landlady observed, with mys rious reluctance, that he would find the indow very insecure. On examinatfon, i found that part of the wall had been ?©ken down to enlarge the opening. After me enquiry he was told that a pedlar ho had lodged in the same room a short ne before had committed suicide, and was and. hanging behind the door in the orning. According to the superstition ; the country, it was deemed improper to move the body by the door of the house, id to convey it through the window was npossible without removing part of the all. Some hints were dropped that the torn had been subsequently haunted by tor man's spirit. My friend laid his arms, roperly prepared against intrusion of any End, bjr bis bedside, and retired to rest not ithout some degree of apprehension. He as visKed in a dream by a frightful ap irition, and waking in agony, found mself sitting up in bed, with a pistol in fright hand. On casting a fearful glance round the room, he discovered by the toonlight a corpse dressed in a shroud eared against the window. With much ifficalty he summoned up resolution to tproach the dismal object, the features of finch and the minutest parts of its funeral faparel he .perceived distinctly. He passed be hand ever it, felt nothing, and staggered nek to bed. After a long interval and pnch reasoning with himself, he renewed Us investigation, and at length discovered hat the object of bis terror was produced Lyihe moonbeams forming a long bright mage through the window, on which his mcy, impressed by his dream, had pictured nth mischievous accuracy, the lineaments f a body prepared for interment. Power a] associations of terror, in this instance, iad excited the recollected images with mcommon force and effect.' Illusions of he senses are common in our appreciation f forzp, distance, colour, and motion, and lso from a lack of comprehension of the divsical powers of nature, in the produc ton of images of distant objects. A stick a water appears bent or broken; tbe iquare tower at a distance looks round; listant objects appear to move when we kurselves only are in motion; the heavenly podies appear to revolve round the earth, fell our readers will also be familiar with [be Spectre of the Bracken, the Fata Morgana, and the Mirage; all of which rere long supposed to have a supernatural irigm, until they were shown to be due to he ordinary laws of light and atmospheric nfluences. All these allusions are easily edified by the judgment, and are transi ory in the sane mind. Amongst the tisane, mistakes of one person for another, md illusions of the most varied and per 'eree character, are the most constant and Inrable symptoms of the mental disorder.' 9 An American correspondent of a contem porary says; — ' Edwin James is winning rame and money. He has some prize cases Ln the part of English houses, and he is to Lppear at Freehold, New Jersey, on the 1st September, at the trial of Badetski, who murdered a wealthy German last year named relUner. He was induced to commit the murder by two beautiful women, who have puce committed suicide. The attorney Reneral of the State of New Jersey will appear for the prosecution; so that if Mr Dames should gain the hopeless case, he will nave a monopoly if all the murder cases* for years to come. The opening of this ease will be to prove that the murder was iomitted in New Jersey, and that the court las not any jurisdiction in the case. The tody was found floating in the river, and bay have floated from New York harbour p Monmouth, New Jersey.' ! To Cube Sheepskins with the Wool Ml.— Takeone tableapoonfulof alumandtwo »f saltpetre; pulverize well, and mix to gether thoroughly. Sprinkle this powder ipon the flesh side of the skin, and fold to gether with the wool out, hang up in a cool place. In two or three days, as soon as dry, hake down and scrape tbe flesh side with a blunt edged knife till clean. This completes the process. Such skins make excellent saddle-covers. — Chicago Free Press. 