FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 6. The last of tlie Nominations! The hustings now erected near the Court house in Yarra-street should be visited as a curiosity, by young and old Australians, for probably they will never have an I opportunity of seeing another erection of the same sort for the same purpose, unless they make a pilgrimage to other I countries to have a peep at the good old fasliion of public election which has pre vailed from the time of the Eoman Tribunes till now. The new Electoral Bill, which is in a fair way of becoming law in a few days, declares that the secret ballot shall be preceded by a secret nomination. Henceforth it will be the duty of returning officers, on the receipt of a writ of election, to name the day, but not the place, for holding nominations. The nominators are to be invited to write the name of their candidate on a sheet of paper, to put that sheet of paper in an envelope, and on the outside to fix a postage stamp, and hey presto 1 the thing will be done. Among the multitude of questions to be asked of the candidates to-day, it would not be amiss to inquire what they think of the proposed new electoral law. While we confess that the present mode | of nomination is not free from absurdities, we must say that we don't like the sneak ing thing that is to be given as a substi tute for it. No matter how the electoral roll may be made up—no matter whether the franchise be com prehensive or restricted—the Constitution I requires that the candidates should be made aware that if elected it is their duty j to represent the whole mass of the people, whether electors or non-electors. Hence the candidate is brought face to face with the people, and the public nomination constitutes the election—the subsequent polling being, in fact, an appeal from the decision of the returning officer, in order to ascertain more precisely what the voice of the people i«, the electors exer cising their franchise not only for themselves, but as the depositories of a public trust. Such is the con stitutional theory of elections. It is a mistake .altogether to suppose that the nomination is a mere matter of form. The new mode will be even more un English than the secret ballot, the great I objection to which is (with us at least) that the elector exercises as a private right that which is in reality a public trust and | should be discharged as a public duty. The new system is almost sure to work | badly. In consulting the ease of the can didate, the masses will be rendered dis satisfied. By raising up barriers be tween the representatives and their constituencies, the fertile seeds of future misunderstandings ■will be sown, and tlie public voice which should be legitimately heard at the nominations, will make itself audible in other quarters, and in more dangerous ways. To complete the depar ture from constitutional practice it might be as well to introduce voting by secret ballot in the council chamber, so that | members of parliament should not be sub jected to the impertinent curiosity of con stituents they had never seen, . We have ever found that the best men among candidates were those who came manfully forward and offered themselves, while the worst were those who rested their claims upon the length of their requisi tion-rolls. The new law will make the requisition system compulsory, a step most effisidedly in the wrong direction. A considerable degree of interest is centered in the nomination to be held to day, and not the least part of that interest will attach to the way in which the good old system will give up the ghost. We would advise the carpenter- contractor to cut up the platform into relics. The timber that forms the hustings is the veritable old English tree of liberty. 