THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho R. M. S.Bombay, 'with the October European mails, arrived at the Heads, last evening, at seven o'clock, and anchored for the night. She will be in Hobson's Bay early this morning. A proclamation published in the Government Gazette of last evening further prorogues the as sembling of Parliament until the 20th January next, on which day, ut two o'clock in tho afternoon, it will assemble for the despatch of business. It is requested that all communications for his Excellency tlio Governor, or tho members of his staff, transmitted by post, may bo addressed to Toorak, instead of to the Government offices. Tho adjourned meeting o£ tho East Coliingwood Council, which was to havo been hold last night, was again further adjourned till Friday, as there was not a quorum of members present. Tho nomination of a member to represent the Eastern Province in the Legislative Council, in the room of the hon. R. Thomson, lately deceased, took place about noon, on Monday last, at the court houso, Yea. Tho proceedings were presided over by Mr James Webster, who acted as deputy returning officer in tho absence of Mr P. Snodgrass, now in New Zealand. Mr Hanna handed in on Saturday nomination papers, representing in all ninety-one votes, and also paid tho necessary deposit of £100 as required by tho Act. Mr Mark Last King, on be half of Mr Turnbull, the opposing candidate, like wise paid a similar deposit at tho same timo, and produced twolve votes. These preliminaries having been completed, it was only necessary to declare on Monday, that both candidates had been duly nomi nated, which was accordingly done by Mr Webstef, who also stated that tho polling would take place on tho 28tli inst. There are thirty-eight polling-places in the entire province, and these aro spread over a largo area of couutiy, so that it will, in all likelihood, bo some days beyond that data ere the result of tho olection will have been ascertained. The incessant ranis of yesterday, and tho diffi culty of travelling, had the effect of preventing the attendance of any of the litigants at tho County Court, and no business was transacted. The district coroner held an inquest, yesterday, at tho Melbourno gaol, on tho body of a lunatic con lined there, named James Davidson, who died on the previous day, from disease of the brain and its membranes. The deceased, who was forty years of ago, was received into the gaol on the 24th ult., suffering from mania. He was also very restless and excited and covered with bruises and abrasions. He remained in the hospital and improved slightly until tho 2nd inst., when he began to get worse, and from that timo he continued to decline until his death. A post mortem examination of his' body havingbeen made, the membranes of tho brain were found to be much congested ; there was alto a largo quantity of 11 aid about tho base oi the brain aud ventricles, and the whole brain was much softened. Tho usual verdict in such cases was returned. Tho December sittings of tho Court of Criminal Sessions commenced, yesterday, before tho Chief Jus tico, and seven cases were disposed of. John Miller was sentenced to twelve mouths' imprisonment, for stealing from a dwelling ; Sarah Jane Eobinson, to six months', for receiving ; Frederick Fowler, to eighteen months', for burglary ; Mary M'Mahon, a domestic servant, for stealing tho money of her master under very aggravated circumstances, to throe years' ; threo prostitutes, named Walsh, Cook and Anderson, to terms of eighteen and twelvo months', for stealing from the person ; and a ticket of-lcavo man, named Thompson, for attempting to stab tho detectivo who took liim in chargo for being out of his district, received a sentence of six months. Tho tedious prosecution of Hancock nnd Sawell, ou tho chargo of defrauding the depositors of tho Provident Institute of Victoria, yesterday extended over a fifth day, without coming to a conclusion. The defendants havo now entered on their defenoe. A faint hopo was entertained that the caso might conclude yesterday, but the Hood prevented the at tendance of a material witness, so tho case again stands adjourned till this day, when it will probably bo finished. Tho ceremony of laying the corner stone of a now Primitivo Methodist Church, to be erected in Lvgon stroet, which was to havo been performed yesterday afternoon, by his .Excellency Sir Charles Darling, was adjourned until Tuesday next, tho 22nd inst., in consequenco of tho unfavorable weather. Tho tea meeting arranged to take place in tho evening, at tho Trades' Hall, wa3 also postponed until the samo day. In the district court, yesterday, the case of Henry Curtis v. Georgo Moscrop, illustrated tho system of violence and intimidation sometimes resorted to in connection with workmon's strikes. Tho dispute between Mr Williams and his hands is a matter of public notoriety and it appears that tho plaintiff, Curtis, is one of tho men who havo complied with Mr Williams's terms and is therefore employed in his shops as a coach-fitter. He recently came from Adelaide, and has steadily refused to join tho strike. On Sunday week he mot tlio defendant, with several othors, in King streot. Moscrop accosted him, say ing he wanted to speak to liim and had been looking for him with that purpose, on a provious day and when he saw him come out of tho shop he would have shot him had ho bad a pistol with liim. Furthermore, Moscrop Said ' you aV6 ft spotted man, and must come out on the strike. If you want any money, you shall havo three pounds, or your passage shall bo 2'aid to another colony.' This was what passed botween them on Sunday week, and last Monday evening, as Curtis was leaving his work after dark, on passing Batman's Hill, he was struck a violent blow across the eye with a slick or somo other implement. Ho was persuaded that the blow came from somo of tho men on strike, but ho was for the time so stunned that ho could see nono of them. Curtis pointed out several men in court as companions of Moscrop's at the Sunday interview. Two of those men, who bad about a dozen others with them, gave thoir names asWm. Miles and Chas. Darbyshiro. To the counsel for the plaintiff, Mr F. Stephen, Curtis de clared himself afraid to walk the streets, as he;felt in danger of his lifo. In defence it was contended that, if theso facts could bo sustained, the men ought to bo indicted for conspiracy. Mr Sturt repri manded tho defendant and his companions very sternly, telling them it was optional for themselves to work or not ; but thoy had no right to interfere with others who chose to work, and that, if they persisting in acts of intimidation and violence, thoy might expect lo be sent upon tho roads, where thoy would have to work on worse terms than iu Mr Williams's employ. He ordored Moscrop to find two good and substantial sureties iu £50 to keep the peaco for twelve months,* and ho recommended the others to desist from such a course, unless they wished to spoud a terra of years upon the roads. Tho examination of the pupils attending tho Scotch College, and the distribution of prizes in the Exhibition Building, which were to have taken place yesterday, have been postponed till Thursday, on account of the inclemency of the weather. As all the arrangements are not yet completed we are requested to state, for the information of ticket holders, that duo notice will he given by advertise ments to-morrow morning. Tho meeting of tho Intercolonial Match Com mitteo, which was to have been held at the Clarenco Hotel, yesterday afternoon, did not take place, in consequence of tho stormy weather. The meeting will probably be held this afternoon. The salo of booths for the Grand Cricket Match was also post poned until this morning, at eleven o'clock sharp. The names of the players in the Sydney team for tho approaching Intercolonial Match have been re ceived. They are as follows : — Lawrence, Thomp son, D'Arcy, Curtis, Dickson, Stack, Hogau, Gil bert, Gorinau, S. Jones, and Fowlis. Snakes. — A farmer, residing at the Moorabool via duct, informs us that lie has lolled eleven snakes on his farm this year. They measured from three feet to fivo feet six inches. The lato high floods is be lieved to bo tho cause of so many snakes being seen, as he has killed threo among tho debris at the water mark. One of his neighbors trod on a very largo ono, but his foot slipped, and tho snako got away in tho long grass. Our informant also reports that the crops in the neighborhood will bo worthless this year. They are attacked by the rust.' — Geelong Ad vertiser, December 15. The Results op Intemperance. — On Monday, at the Plank Road Hotel, Ballaarat, Dr. Clencia ning held an inquest on tho body of James Clegg, whoso death, according to tho evidence and the ver dict of the jury, took place about tho 12th inst., in the Speedwell Quartz Mining Company's dam, and was caused by suffocation from drowning, but how, or by what means, his body came into the above named dam, there was no evidence to prove. Tho deceased was fifty-two years of age, and a native of Enniskillen, Ireland. He left Iroland when ho was nineteon years of ago, had lived in Canada some twelve or moro years, thence went to California, and some six or seven years ago came to Victoria. Ho stated to a witness, named Richard Barrett, with whom ho resided, that his mother was living in Ireland, his wife was in Wost Canada, and ho had a daughter married. Deceased was a boot maker, and a hard drinker, decidedly, but very quiet. He drank a great deal on Wednes day and Friday, and on Saturday was suffering a recovery. In the afternoon witness was reading a newspaper in the Plank Boad Hotel, when the de ceased came and asked for money to get a drink. Witness got him a pint of ale, and bclioved he had not had any other drink that day, ' but ho ap peared to have the horrors pretty strong on hiin.' On Thursday, deceased told witness that on the provious day ho had had. ' twelve nobblers of liquor aud three pints of ale, and that he felt no ill effects of it that day.' Witness saw no mote of liim, but identified his cap and pipe that were found in the dam. Henry Snell, miner, deposed to having, on Saturday afternoon, seen- the deceased proceeding, in his shirt sleeves, towards the spot where his body was subsequently found. Other witnesses deposed in corroboration, and as to the finding of the body. James Sutherland, M.D., tondered tho medical evi dence. — Ballaarat Star, December 15. The want op a local lunatic asylum, or of ad ditional accommodation for luuatics, is seen in the fact that soveral unfortunates, male and female, are at present detained in tlio Ballaarat gaol for want of room in tho Yarra Bend Asylum. How many are from tho same cause detained in MeI-_ bourne and other prisons wo cannot say. Ono of tho Ballaarat lunatics is a young girl of rather pro posessing exterior, of whom it is said that somo mis creant of tho genus 'swell' has taken advantage during her lunacy, and prior to her falling iuto tho hands of the authorities. One male lunatic is laboring under tlie impression that lio has committed tho unpardonablo sin against the Holy Ghost, aud that it is his bounden duty to do penance by way of fasting. Ho refusos all nourishment, and the gaol surgeon nnd his aids havo had to forcibly inject essence of beef into his stomach to prevent abso lute siarvauon. — naimarat nun, ojeceiuuer xu. TnE Wateh of Death at Ballaahat. — In our report of tho proceedings at tho borough council of Ballaarat, on Monday, it will bo seen that, with a letter from Mr James Baker, was received, though not produced, a bottlo filled with noxious water, taken from a well-known drain on the south side of Sturt street. The following is a copy of tho inscrip tion on the bottle : — ' Water of Death ! This cele brated specific is respectfully dedicated to tho Mayor and Councillors of the Borough of Bullaarat, by tho over grateful Burgesses of Sturt street. It is manu factured from tho choicest specimens of decayed Vegetable aud Animal Matter, and is guaranteed to produce Cholera aud any othor epidemic. Beware of spurious imitations. Nono is genuine except gathered at tho Corner. Sold wholesale by all the Councillors.' — Ballaarat Star, December 15. The All- England Eleven at Ballaaijat. — A mooting of tho members of tlio Cricket Club was hold in the Buck's Head hotel on Monday evening. Mr E. J. Lewis was voted in tho chair. Mr Shoo smitli, Mr Marshall's representative, was present to see what arrangements could bo made with tho club for tho match with tho All- England Eleven. Tho following conditions were proposed by Mr Shoosmith : — ' That tho club give up to Georgo Marshall tho entire of tho interior of the ground, reserving to itself tho pavilion and present grand stand, tho conditions of the above to be furthered by. the purchaser of No. 1 booth supplying free of chargo luncheon to the players, and free admissioii to tho ground to members of tho club on production ol their ticketsi' Captain Sweeney said that they were getting nothing. Thoy ought to get £20 from Mr Marshall. Mr Shoosmith would give £20 if tlio club gave up tho grand stand. Mr Sweeney would bo willing to give it up for £30. Mr Murray was opposed to running the club into debt. Mr Shoosmith said that the landlord of tho pavilion ought to give tho club a handsome donation. After some further discussion, tlio Ballaarat Club refused to assent to tho above terms. Various suggestions were then made, and an agreement was finally oomo to as fol lows : — ' Agreed botween the Ballaarat CricketClub and George Marshall that, on tho occasion of tho match betweon the English crickotors and twenty two of Ballaarat and district, tho whole receipts from the salo of gates, booth sites, grand stand, to gether with the present stand on tho ground, shall belong solely to George Marshall. Tlio exceptions are that all members of tho club, on produotion of their tickcts of membership, shall have freo admis sion to tho ground and stand. Georgo Marshall to provide luncheons for tho playcr3, umpires and scorers.' In addition to the abovo, Mr Shoosmith agreed, on tho part of Mr Marshall, to give a hand some donation to the club towards tho local ox-, ponses of tho match. Tho days on which the match will be played are tho 11th, 12th, and 13th of Janu ary. This concluded tU« t»wino38. — Ballaarat 8tar, 1 Decembor 15. 