(Mwnar.IJtMs;. PLECRO-PKECMOSIA—Mr Lioyd,chemist, of Talbot is said to have cured several cows infected with pleuro-pueumonia. He says he believes that he has ascertained the cause of the disease ; and it so, that it is not contagious. * THE PRINCE OF WALES' VICTORIAN . VOLUNTEER ; Liour Hoiisii.-—Tuesday's .Gazette, announces by>a brigade prder^ tha.t the Prince of Wales: has" been : pleased to confer liis name oii the Victorian Light Horse. PETtr SESSIONS AT SPRINGFIELD.—Last Friday's (Sazcttenotifies that the store of Mr Hugh M'Jannett, at Springfield, to be the place whereat a Court of Petty Sessions shall be liolden, under the authority of the Act 3 Wiliiam IVi. No 3, sec. 17, for the purpose mentioned 111 the Act relating to roads. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL.—The Legislative Assembly on Friday night expunged the clause which prevented licensed victuallers from being elected as representatives in the new District Councils. They also agreed to the other amendment of the Legislative Council, tliat niembers of Parliament should not pass through tolls free. RUNAWAY ENGINE.—We understand tliat on the last up-train arriving at Kynetou, yesterday evening, the engine by some means became unocupied, and on the signal being given to start, the engine went off without the train, and had nearly arrived at Malmsbury before the severance was discovered.— Oar Daily News (Castlemaine), August 7. A MEETING to sympathise with the struggles at present going on in Poland was held in St George's Hall, Melbourne, on Monday evening, when it was resolved to raise subscriptions for the relief of the •sick and wounded. His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair. Dr Cairns delivered the " speech of the evening." THE TAEADALE STABBING CASE.—After a long examination on Friday last, William Jones, alias Young, the man who made the murderous assault assault upon Constable Madden, at Taradale, on the rth July, was fully committed to take his trial at the Castlemaine Criminal Sessions. BURKE'S HORSE.—A day or two ago a loaded pistol carried by a mounted policeman accidentally exploded while he was riding near Elphinstone. The bullet entered the side of the horse, which died yesterday in consequence of the wound. It was the horse usually ridden by the late Robert O'Harra Burke, while he acted as Superintendant of Police here, and with whom it was a great favorite.— PLEURO PNEUMONIA.—On Friday evening, at Mr Hamilton's, Green Gully, Sandon, there was a large meeting of farmers of that neighbourhood, for the purpose of adopting some means to prevent the spread of pleuro pneumonia, which had already shown itself upon the Farmers' Common. Mr Kirwan was in the chair. After several motions and suggestions, it was arranged to send for a parcel of Miscamble's Antipleuronomic Absorbent. A letter from Mr Miscamble was read, which stated his charges, the expense of transmission, &c.; ; it showed that for 100 head of cattle, or over, the expense would be about one shilling per head.— M. A. Mail. • CARRIAGE ON TI^IBF.U.—^Wo lately pointed out an anomaly in jlie rates of cartage ior timber upon the Victorian Railways. For the conveyance o£ wood to 'Castlemaine and towards the mining districts from the forests in the neighbourhood of Mount Macedon, mfich higher rates were charged than for a longer distance to Melbourne. This was found to be a serious drawback to tlie necessary timbering of mines iii localities where the trees had been used up for such purposes and for firewood. The matter was brought under the notice of the Railway Department, and we are informed that tiie rates for carrying timber are now undergoing revision, with a view to amending an absurd discrepancy.—Jge. [The Ballaarat Star says that the railway authorities liave resolved to allow of sixty feet of timber being reckoned as a ton instead of fifty feet as at present, and still charge freight as usuaL This will amount to a reduction of one-sixth.] MURDER OF A CONSTABLE AT WABRNAJIBOOL.— The Warmnrnbool Sentinel gives the following account of this shocking outrage:—On Tuesday morning last, one of the most foul, deliberate, and cold-blooded murders ever before heard of in this district was perpetrated by a prisoner named James Murphy, (who was awaiting Iiis trial in the Warrnambool gaol for horse stealing), 011 a constable named Daniel O'Boyle. It appears that at seven o'clock on the morning in question, O'Boyle had taken the prisoner in his charge from the gaol, to clean the Court House and light the fires, and they got into the Clerk of Petty Sessions' room, and the constable, it is presumed, was stooping down at the fireplace, when his murderer must have approached from behind, and dealt him a deadly blow with a mason's iron hammer on the right side of the head, causing nlmostimmediateinsensioility; themurderer then, intent upon his fell purpose, literally battered in his unfortunate victim's skull. After tliis the prisoner Murphy was seen making out of the room, as if returning to the gaol, in the most cool and collected manner, and he must "have at this time made. Iiis escape, as there was no one on duty about the yard. Some repairs being iu progress at the building, one of the workmen casually entered the room in fearch of a ladder, where a sickening sight met his view - on the floor was poor" O'Boyle weltering in his blood. Poor O'Boyle waa a fine young man (a strange coincidence, that fatal Tuesday was his 27th birthday); he lingered on in a partially sensible state until ten minutes to five o'clock on yesterday morning, when he expired. 'He thus just survived the attack twenty-two hours. j s 'A.Suooicixo TRAGEDY :AT IXGLKWOOD.—One of those horrible occurrences which sometimes startle jthe public iiiiiid from tjie.ereu tenor. of its .thoughts took place bn lnglewobd a few dayB- ago. : Scarcely was theiiorrar of Ltlie election tragedy subsided, beforeian csquaUy tobe lamented occurring,.happens! .The .circumstances gb far, too, to bear ' ! out 'Mrs Crowe's belief in presentiment, and doubtless : many who hear.iofthe Tslioclting realization ~oi a dread, will pay more attention in future to -the dim* foreshadowings'of.coming events .which .sometimes flit across the brain. The facts are simply these. We suppress, the names for the present, for obvious reasorisl ~ A day labourer had for some time given his employers considerable -uneasiness by his uncertain heliaviour, and latterly his .strange manner had led one of tlie partners to suspect tliat the unhappy man'contemplated suicide. StiU, his mode of Vork and general cohversatiou were sufficiently rational to preclude the possibility of informing the police.- :On Friday night last, some work:^requiring to;be/finished, and the partners in. the firm referred .to. being otherwise engaged .they leftvtlieir employee to complete the job. The latter" had repeatedly •through the day cast longing glances to i particidarly strong beam .which crossed the,«tore/.,and ha3 l>e;n •manipulatinghisnecktie in a;miuiner Jjijgrlily- suggestive of a little amateur /Calcraftism, and had moreover been noUpedto^ircfully secrete something inn;corner.. At Ebmewhere .about eighto'clock the store hping closed, tlicjuoprietprlcft.iii spite of the peculiar ;EO ofitoi pre- • icedM ffliy horror,"} "unable any^loni^to'.aidi^e;^ . to: ^opened ahack jaobr^quieyy, igight^Wch&et; stoutCTheai^TOrlia^ strong rope, tad on the floor, in boSyof their late servant deadr^lruiik... r He ;lirui diWdrava^up^ly.Bf.lS^ys;^ rope, Tvith a pulley; had been .used ior lifting other- wise — >•'- — * • agcable.parcxls, A WESTERN Paper speaks of a man dying without tlie aid ofa physician. Such instances of death are very rare. PROFESSOR 'PEPPER'S. GHOST which lias created such a sensation in Londoii, is being acclimatised at the Polytechnic Institute, Melbourne: THE prisoner Murphy, who murdered Constable Boyle at Warrnambool on Tuesday, has been arrested. , ANOTHER amusing libel case occupied Jhe Supreme Court, on Tuesday. Gibbons v The Yeoman newspaper. Gibbons got a farthing damages. Loss OF REVENUE.—In reply to Mr Snodgrass, Mr Heales stated in Parliament, on Tuesday night, that the loss of revenue occasioned by the reduction of the assessment on Cattle, from three to two shillings, per head, was L20,843. THE roads near Kilmore appear to be in as bad or worse position than even those round Kyneton:—The Kilmore Examiner reports that" the late rains have left the roads in the district in a state fearful to behold. The best streets in the town just now are ankle deep in mud, and the back unmade streets arc idmost impassable. The two small bridges over the Sydney road, one near the Agricultural Society's show-yard and the other north of the Willowmavin toll- gate, appear to be giving way. A FORTUNATE PCRCHASE.—A shert time since, Mr.Bucknall sold Henwood and Co.'s machine, at Epsom,' for L130, 'to Mr Lansell, and at the time called attention to the probable fact of gold ieing under the stamper beds, but it was treated as a*joke. Mr Lansell re-sold to a company of Cornishmen for L30 profit, and they, in removing tbeeugine, took L141 worth of gold from under the stamper beds.—Behdigo Advertiser. ' A SLICE OF LUCK.—The old adage tliat " There is many a'true word spoken in jest," was seldom more profitably verified than on Friday last, by a fininer at Nuggetty Gully, Xandoit. who, in spite of the euphonius title of " Dutch Bill,'; is nevertheless a steady, industrious and thriving family man. Being asked by a mate who met liiin what he was going to be up to, he replied," Going to get a nugget, to be sure," and, to his great surprise, shortly after commencing operations, he unearthed a nice nugget weighing 18oz., which was followed, the next morning, by its mate, weighing 32 oz. Who, after this, will say the alluvial diggings are exhausted ?—M. Jl. Mail.- LUKEWARM VOLUNTEERS.—The following, which has been forwarded for publication, requires no comment at present from us:—"A parade was called for yesterday evening, to prepare for the half-yearly inspection, which is to take place immediately, by Col. Anderson, Commandant of the Victorian Volunteers. Out of a muster roll of 230, exclusive of the Creswick Company, nineteen members were present on parade Major Wallace begs to inform the members, tliat unless a proper number attend parade on Wednesday next, and the following days, to be notified by advertisement, he will decline to take part in theinspecion, but will hand the command over to the senior officer on parade."— AN INCIDENT IN CASTLEMAINE GAOL.—We recently stated that Castlemaine Gaol contained its full share of ruffians and ticket-of-leave holders. We hear that an addition to the batch of ruffians has just been made in the shape of one George Books, who has been committed for trial for robbery under arms in the Kyneton district. He was, of course, searched on admission to Castlemaine Gaol, and Mr Davis (the senior officer), informs us. that there was found 011 his person three long tliiu steel weapons, with liaudels on, all strongly wound round with fiannel. There is no doubt, had any opportunity offered, he was determined to make his escape. The weapons were adapted for scraping out the plaster between bricks. This is a small matter in itself, but it is evident large numbers of "old lags" are at large. The police and the public must be on the alert.—-V .1 Mail. CONFEDERATE PRIVATEERING—The Norfolk brings an account of an adventure with one of the Confederate war steamers, which had just captured a Federal vessel, apparently a rich prize, as slie was engaged in the Indian trade. The interview, as reported to us, seems to have been quite a pleasant sort of business to all parties, excepting, of course, the unlucky people of the captured ship. Our informant says :—" Friday, 20th June, Int. 20deg 11m in S, long 29deg 47min W, ten miles from Trinidad, observed a steamer and full- rigged ship at anchor under the island. The steamer got under weigh, and getting within hailing distance, requested the Norfolk to heave to, which being complied with, the first lieutenant with an sirmed boat's crew boarded, and stated that he belonged to the Confederate warsteanier Georgia, alias Japan, and that the ship lying at anchor was the Federal ship Constitution, from Philadelphia bound to Bombay, and that it wai the intention of the eninjnander of the Georgia to burn her that night. He also informed Captain Tonkin tliat since cruising in those latitudes the Georgia had captured six Federal sliips, and that their present intention was to make the edge of the trades their cruizing ground."— GOLD SCAVENGERS.—A storekeeper, who.purchase gold, and is situated near the ravages-caused by the recent floods, tells us that he kept an account of the different parcels sold by the Chinese, who scrapedthe banks of the creek after the water had subsided. Of more than forty parcels sold, the whole, with bnt one exception, or two was under a quarter of an ounce each, and a great number of them under a penny weight each, several'even but three or four grains TheJChinese go usually in couples, one to rock and work the cradle, and the other to scrape up the deposit. Usually they make a meagre dinner, but ifthey oan afford it thay make an early and hearty supper, the gold, which is almost invariably sold day after day, deciding the nature of the repast. The gold collected by the patient industry of these human ants is generally of a refuse character, most of it minute particles, wliicli have escaped the ordinary process of collection with pieces of a light porous nature, and perhaps bits of quarts with small specks of gold adhering ; sometimes perfect round shot, and particles coated with quicksilver, and, indeed, the latter is obtained so far from machines as to lead to a-supposition tliat it is found in a natural state. As gold isfoundin an impalpable powder, there is but little doubt-vast treasures Temain in our auriferous earths to reward the discoveries which science and ingenuity will make in the progressive future, but meanwhile every grain weight v cpllected by our persevering aud easily satisfied aliens is sb'much added to our prosperity.—AT. A. Mail July 13. ; -. - \ POPULAR IGNORANCE AND PRACTICAL HEATHEN- ISM.—A well-known nfedical gentlemen in this town recently spoke to a laifin his employ on- matters religious. The following dialogue ensued :—Doctor: Well, my boy, who made you? -Boy : I don't know. Doctor: God made you, He created all things. Have you never heard of Jesus Christ ? Boy : Yes Sir, that's cursing and swearing! . (The boy had never heard of our Saviour except in the oaths among whom he had been brought up.) .Doctor Y.No,.my lad, that's not " cursing and swearing, 1 "—Jeliis Christ, GodV only son, .came to save .you; BoJ: T know nothing' about him Doctor : Do youknow anything about the great Creator, the maker of .jB.U .;things ? Bpy: No, Sir,- who is he ? The worthy dPcto'r'proceediia to explain matters to the ignorant l^d, :telUng Jiim the wondrou^ .story of the Greatjpn; the sjx days' work, and how Cod " rested on' the seventh day." . Kext Sunday the Doctor again saw the Jad, and catechised him. . At length the':Doctor,«iid, " Well, God worked during six days, wliat a spell!''. replied the young Australian. Comment is scarcely neccssary. This ignorant lad' is but a specimen of large numbers who dwell in our midst, in the grossest ignoirarice mid practical heathenism. Those who talk of ameliorating the condition of the aboriginoa. and .of sending missionaries hither and thither, "woiilddo well "first to care forthe Bedouins of our streets,'tlie young heathens of the gold-fields. —MAMaV.-r THE TRUE CAUSE OF THE POTATOE DISEASE —The cause of the mysterious blight, wliicli for nearly twenty years Iras made the p otatoe a hazardous crop, lias a.t leng^hlieen discovered. At least, so asserts Professor Si W. Johnson, of Yale College, America; and it musVbe confessed he adduces • pretty strong cvidencein^proofof-his statement. It is, he says, a fungus, without the presence of which he remarks tlie potatoe never lots, while it always rots with it. " Planting the fungus on a sound potato' develops the diseasc/'shielding the potato from .the fungus prevente the disease." ;. Again lie. adds. -. 'f The rot >.i tarts where the fungus begins: to grow. — Each microscopic cell of the tubei;be(wmes discoloured and rotten when^-and/only wlien. '.tlie\fringus issues,its branches intbSt,-.or into its imniediate neighbourhood. '. Constitution, I^WIS, .propagation,. apludes, ;salt,~inanui^'imd^eathcr liave nothing to .do with ^ieidiSeaae^ as 'i£^vc 'funguBlT't^wre^or^ oiityioMhe!^rmari^ Kvarious..expcriineiits on.th^ot&to;, sdl tending ,to show that thc^n^s originahd'tiie dfiea'se.— BUSHRANGINJJ IN NEW SOUTH :WALES.—The intelligence, by telegrapli, from . New South Wales states that the police having 'captured a bushranger named Onmming, .were <»nveying hini to giol, when they were fired at fr.iui ail ambush, and Cumming instead of tlie constable was killed. -The assassin is supposed to be the deceased's brother. The two Gilberts aud another buslirangeraref reported to have attacked a police escort conveying prisoners,'but without success. .1). .i. SJail. \- - • — " J ' —/nrtwtoi .Wcriiser. Ballaarat Star. Herald. ? trty Journal "of &gricullvrc;* trly Journal oj wgncwvrc, , , . 