fFrom our own Correspondent) November 23 rd, 180.1. At tho last monthly meeting of the Local Uoad I Board the principal business with exception of the ! payment of account!*, was the consideration of Mr J. II. Connor's motion for the establishing of an immigration depot by the government'; and finally ; it was decided that the clerk should write to the immigration agent on behalf of the Board, and urge : the necessity of the above motion being at onco j complied with, and to give it a start the Board I guaranteed immediate employment to forty farm laborers and ten general servants. If this sample should be of the right sort it is anticipated that em ployment will be procured for at least one hundred sad fifty farm laborers, and a proportionate number of females. The discussion respecting the propor tion of the sexes required, if reported, would not he very edifying. 1 have no doubt that the farmers will duly appreciate the advantages which may be derived by applying either direct to the government or through the clerk of the Board for any number of laborers, A*c, that they may require, for it is evi dent that a saving of nearly ten per cent will he effected, and the government will only be too glad to be relieved of their responsibility, &c.; For the information of the public I may observe that the ex pense of conveying the persons hired will tc borne by the irovernraenl as far as the railways extend, but elsewhere the additional expense must be paid by the employer, which can be deducted from the first month's wages if so arranged. I am informed that Mr Bartlett, the clerk of the Board, will give any necessary information if applied to. The annual meeting of this Bond Board was fld* journcd from the 18th instant until the Wednesday following, Hugh Murray, Esq, J.P., was unani mously re- elected Chairman for the fifth time. Since my last communication the weather was fine for a few davs. and some folks affirmed ''that il was dreadfully hot." Whether this insulted tho clerk of the weather wo cannot but guess, for on Tuesday and the two days following we were treated to a change, which proved to be the most boisterous weather we have had this winter, and has been fatal to many a choice fruit tree. It is a remarkable fact that while some tree* have lost not only their fruit but their leaves, other trees within a few yards have not received the slightest injury. Friday moru ing the wind ceased, and Saturday it was very warm. Yesterday we had more ruin and wind, but this morning it has changed. If the fine weather would last for a week or two many of the farmers would commence haymaking, for now that the grubs are an nual pests it is a great risk to wait for the oats. About twelve months since the public were waited on and requested to subscribe to a fund for t£e crcption of a bathing house on the banks of the lake, near the cricket ground, but after a thorough canvass the amount promised was only fifteen pounds, which was just one fourth of that required; tiiis subject, though often alluded to, will not receive doe consideration until a larger number of our in habitants can conceive that "cleanliness is next to godliness." There are many that are strangers to both, with no prospect of being acquainted with either. Any traveller through our extensive village is •track with the beauty of its scenery. Ou the north is the lake, of an area of at least twenty tniles, •nil in the summer the water is always fresh and jboat eight feet deep; but unfortunately we are Ignorant of, or indifferent to the pleasures of aquatic •ports, for at present there is only one solitary boat, OQt before we take another revolution around his •olar majesty we hope to have boats enough to have ft regatta on an extensive scale. To the north west the Warrion Hills fill up the background of the scene in this direction; to the north cast Mounts Buninyong and Warrenheip arc easily distinguishable. Mounts Hesse and Gelii* brand also add to the beauty of the scene; but the £tew to the east is intercepted by a large hill within balf a mile of the village, over which the ntuin road surveyed and constructed. It is from this lull the finest view in the colony'presents itself, f he forest, which contains the richest gold field jh&t; is to be, lays to the south* In a westerly direp; "?n are visible Mount Lcura and other large hills, w,th their numerous caves and subterraneous pas •"ges, A-c. . W ith respect to the improvements recently mnde 10 this place muchj!may ho said. Our population •t present is about 600* In reference to archlrec Jure there is room for improvement. The heat "Uildiups are the hotels, three in number; of stores *e have five, where you may obtain everything and Wjihing. The churches are three—the Presby* tfinan, the Roman Catholic, and theWesleyari# Tb$ public buildings aro—court house, post antj. telfl* I'JPh offices, police quarters, and lock up, •; the way of nmuaements each person is left iiis own resources: eight months ago we had a tiarrick Club, and even this unpretending (?) body has given up the ghost. Coiac once boasted of a tolerably good brass band, which .enlivened us occasionally during the dull evenings, but. latterly this has vanished. S..mc months ago an attempt was made to estab lish a gymnasium, and aftern little consideration no loss than seventeen of our veterans promised a guinea each, but the affair has lapsed for the pre 'sent, as the amount is insufficient. While the Head Hoard is zealously engaged in memtiug mir ways, v;e have a committee bard at work for the purpose rf cstubltakinz n public i.bt'Aiy in older to improve onr minds. The library trus f(c.s are Vcitrs tj reeves, J. II. Connor, and Lhm Jvi.lule. It is autiMjiated that the amount sub scribed in cash and bcok3 will bo at least ono btuuh'L-d and twenty pounds sterling, which, to gcilicr willi tl;o government ftrftnt, will bo a respectable sum to commence with. The erection of a toll-house and gates on our main road caused considerable dissatisfaction among a certain class of people who considered their business lost beyond recovery J they have, however, since f -tin 1 that a bar on the road has not debarred the usual traffic, already the toll receipts average one pound iter day. At the Petty Sessions, on Wednesday last, the only business was to order the payment of a claim far wages; there were several other cases on the sheet, but these being settled out of the court, the public were denied the extreme pleasure of their general amusement, which chiefly consists in the grossest perjury of witnesses, etc., for which this place is celebrated. The pleuro-pneumonift is nothing in comparison now to what it was Inst year. Taking accidents and diseases into consideration they are not more than three per cent fatal. This year tho horst flesh i3 suffering " not a covery," but from the catarh, which has in several cases proved fa'al. A few remarks on the want .of proper recreative arr.w gements for tho scholars of our common schools may not be withiu the province of n corre spondent's duty, bnt when the health and safety of the rising genetation is at stake, a few observations through the medium of your journal will probably he received by those whose duty it is to remedy the present evil. In 3eelong and other large towns the young ideas are not only instructed within the building, bnt are accompanied by their teacher or teachers to the playground, and there they are taught crickotting and other sports more conducive to health, and which also tend to the proper development of the human frame. It is not the good fortune of all schools to have a vacant piece of ground at a con venn nt distance, and where sneli is tho case a Gymnasium on a small scale should be provided; but in country districts there is abundance of Crown laud attached to some of the schools, and instead I of bring thrown open for the recreation of the scholars, it is used as a grazing pnddock and other purposes quite foreign to the intention of the Go vernment. Should not the patrons fulfil the dnties their office necessitates? or will they still continue iu that semi-lethargic stnte tlicy have ever been cele brated for? Perhaps they ate of opinion that "where ignorance is bliss 'twere folly to be wise," and fol | lowing on the old adage that u what is everybody's i business is nobody's." The fact of no action being 1 taken is easily accounted for. The patrons of our National School will perhaps take the hint and not allow the main road to be used as a playground until some serious accidents have occurred. During the lust week, when three little girls had a narrow esenpo from being driven over, a bystander remarked, "Don't be alarmed, there are plenty more growin'." White on the subject, it may not be out of place to ask some of tho patrons how often they have visited the school—if once in each year—since they assumed office ? Jt is the opinion of many that an annual public meeting should be held when the prizes are distributed to tho scholars, and that quarterly meetings of the patrons should beheld, iiudju'riodical visits to thcschool arranged. If there are no funds available for the providing of swings, bars, &c;, I am coufidout that the parents of the children as well as inany others, would gladly sub scribe the amount necessary, if the patrons would display a little energy. Thcro is every cotifiden in the teachers and the internal management of the school, in spite of the mismanagement of the Board of Education. 