DB. CONOLLT ON HAMLET'S SANITY.* Sr Con olly ts an accomplished critic as'woll n's. an oz porienced physician of "mental disease, but wo doubt whothor any of his criticisms aro, on tho whole, less sound than thoso whioh aro suggested to him by his pro- fessional studies. Tho public havo. often noticod a ten- dency in the students of insanity tb dcolaro mon insano whom practical peop^lo, accustomed tojudgorathor by re- sults rather than,by any thoory of montai causes, would call at most eccentric or devoid of self-restraint. - Getting a glimpse into phonomena whioli they haye known tobe symptomatic of a thoroughly disturbed roason,. thoy aro really influenced moro by tho associations suggested to thom With shell casos than by tho appearances actually before them,' supposing that what thoy see, indicatos tho germ at least of,all tho,ovil they havo formerly seen in connection with tho santo symptoms...; And so they, will ófton declare a man insane for tho partial disclosure of those grotesque inward impulses, and the audibility of those discordant inward notes, pf tho vibration of which most men are conscious in their own natures, though thoy a're'siiiUcicntly'reasonable to suppress thom. But whon this somowliat matter- of-fact diagnosis is carried into tho world bf literature, especially tho world of Shakaporo, the results aro necescarily oven less trustworthy, than in real life. Dr Coholly woulóV ovidently have had littlo scruple in signing a certificate to put Hamlet under restraint ' evou before tho appearance of Iiis father's ghost, and re- gards that injudicious and solllsh s top, on tho part of tho pntorhnl spirit as (in tho highest degree exciting to his princely patient, and as llhaUy determining tho teudoncy to'violent mania. He does not," however, allow anything, as .it scorns to tis, for that gohcral stimulus to the tone of . thought nnd expression which dramatic pqotry, especially in Shuks'poro's hands, .necessarily implies,-and if ho «vero to nnulyzo many other characters, on whoso sanity no doubt has ever been cast, as ho does Hamlet's, wo doubt whethor many of (hom could koop quito clour of the imputations which an experienced physician bf mental disease would know how to throw put. Certainly, if Hamlet has a flt of frenzy itt Ophelia's; gravo, Laertes must on tho samo occasion, bó'pronouncod still moro in- sane when, with loss to excito and unnorvo him, ho is tho first to jiun'p into tho gravo, exclaiming, '. " Now pilo your dust upon tue quick omi dead, ¡ Till of this flat a mountain you have mndo ; 'To o'ertop old Pelion, or tho skyisk head Ol'blue Olympus !" ' . ; -quito on unreasonable, proceeding, and Bhowing, wc should think a very hif/h irritability of tho nervous con- tres And lhere are nt least, eight or ton bf Slniksporo's other heroes and heroines whom it would bo almost n's cosy for. Dr Conolly to claim ns patients as tho Prinoo of Denmark. . A "study of Romeo" on like principles might,wo aro sure, bo made to provo Romeo unsound of mind from tho beginning, from tho first vory incohe- rent speech containing tho remarks : f: " Why thon, O brawling; love! oh loving bato ! ; . . Oh nny tiling of nothing first crbato!" to tho last fatal act, which a coronor'sjury,instructed by Dr Conolly, would liavo returned " temporary insanity," or, perhaps, moro technically,; "melancholia." Not, of course, that wo wish to doiiy that Hamlet is, in Shakspero's conception, far nearer to this boundary bo tweon sanity und insanity than most of the poofs heroes, but only that many of Dr Conolly's ? tests of - lunacy cannot fairly: be applied to his case, unless thoy oro also applied to that of other quito sane horoes. Ho docs not follow for tho permanent elevation of tho lovel of poetical drama abovo the plano of common life, and brings, as ive beliovo, ninny entirely untrustworthy proofs of Ham- let's incohorenco of mind. Noy,Dr Conolly evon calls in tho pedautio old Polonius with his amplified dissertation's as a serions witness;to tho truof diagnosis of. Hamlet's disenso, in. a passiigo which'is ono of tho most' unfortu- nate efforts of professional rcfliiornont in tho essay i- j "Polonins goes on,''with- undiminished self-compla cenoy, dilating on his own supposed perspicacity j on tho cbunsol bo had proyiously givon to his daughtor to refuse to seo tho prince, or to admit his íncssoiigors; or to roooivo ony tokens from him. - . ¡ ' ¿ . . « Which done, sho took tho fruit* of my advice ; . i , , And he repulsed, (a Bhnrt talo to moko) . - ' Foll into n sadness ; thon into a fast : -. .' . Thenco to a watch ; thenco into a weakness ; "._ ! ' Thence to a lightness ; and, by this'declension, ; | Into tho madness whoroin now ho raves, , j And all we woil for. . . . ' ? '. : -! " This garrulity details to ns tho order of tho symptoms already partly indicated in tho action of tho' play, and might haye been copied from' tho clinical .notes of a stu- dent of; mental disorders. Wo recognize all tho phe-' nomona of au attack of iribntal-disordor consequent onjo> I Budden and sorrowful shock; first, tho loss of all habituil interost in surrounding things j thon indifference to-food, ' incapacity for customary and nntural slpóp ¡ .and thon ia, weaker'state of fitful' tears' and " levity, tho. mirth, ip: strangely mixed with .' oxtromesfc grief j*.abd. thon .sub- sidence into a chronic stato in whioh tho faculties aro genorally deranged. Thcsoaro occurrouceslofton npticojd, in pathological cxperienco, .. arid evon. in . tbo'iBoquendo, mentioned. In addition to these symptoms wo.learn, from on observation of Polonius',- occurring in tho snmV scene,' and whiob tho Queen confirms, that Hamlet has acquired tho. habit of walking for hours, 'four hours together,', in ono placo,.Miore in-tlie lobby.' ". ?-- j* This seems to tis about ns wiso ns it would bo to take one of Polonius's provioiiB epcechos in tho samo, scóno ns nn important scicntiflo" testimony to' the trüb naluró. of madness in gênerait- . ..:.'¡:' ! . !.: . : - " Your noblo son is mod i ? '. Mad calli it; for to define triiemadness j; What ¡B't but to be nothing elso but mad? r , j '. ; ' That ho is mad'tis true ¡'tis trim,'ti3 pity, .' ' ' And plty 'tis'tis true; n foolish figure, ' But farewell it, for I will use no art ; Mad let us grant him then, nnd now romains' . V That wo find out tho cause of this effect, i ' Oe, rnthor say, thc causo of this defect ; Tor thia cU'eet defectivo comcB hy causo. Thus it rcninins, and tho rcmnindor thus," ic. , * A Study of Sanlei, Bx Joint CoxoLLT, M.D., D.C.Ii. Is it- not porlcctly evident, a» much in Pr Conolly'* "extract from poloniums speech, n's,in tin's, «hat nothing whatever U intended exoopt ta paint tlio excessively ro ' duplicated" 'extravugauce cf tho courtier's afledted wisdom? Indeed, we confess grave doubts us to the ' asserted scientific character of Polonius's so-called " cliaical notes.". Docs not the indifference to food often-precedo'tho loss of habitual interest in outward things P; Need tho *'wonknoas" or tho !' lightness" oeifiir Stall?, Br Conolly would scarcely stand cross-examina- tion on those innttors. In Hamlet's case, ot all ovónos, tho," lightness," us Br Conolly himself notes, is one of t|ie onrliost symptoms, occurring immediately after the , interview, with tho ghost, when Hamlet lightly calls him "oldTruepenny," "Molo," and tvoats him altogether ns n' jocuhir phonomcnon. . Indeed, if theso ," cliriieid notos" ,wore really meant ns a scientiiio description bf Hnmlot's disease, we cannot think that Shaksporo would havo embodied them in spocehos so full of long-minded, pedantry and addled ' oxporionco. , Tho truo dramatic piirpoie, not only of tho character of Polonius, hut in tho latter part of tho play of Osvio, and, to a loss degree, bf Eoäencrontz and Guildonstorn throughout, is, by keep- ing lip a constant ilow of hollow phraso and courlior liko verbiage, of sounding brass and tinkling cymbals, to deepen tho contrast with tho accumulating tragody of .murder, guilt, and madness, which tho original criino pf tho King produces. Wo aro sure at least of thia, that Sliakspero had no notion, nt all of using tho exhausted roooivoi- of Polonius's worldly wisdom as ; tho origin of any truo diagnosis of Hamlet's caso. : ' 3)r Oonolly's thoory appears to bo that, though Ham- let has sometimos tho craftiness of lunatics in throwing dust into tho.oyos of his friends by providing thom wit)» false explanations of his montai Btato, and though he can at. timos intentionally caricature his part from mischio vou3 motives, yot that, on tho whole, Shakspcro was trying to doliucato a mind really, unhinged, liable to rc curring.nts of proper mania, broken by intervals either of clear reason or of clouded cohn. Ho holds that oven tho purposeless and ill-sustainod assumption of insanity, so variublo in tone, so often dropped altogether ; - ngain all his cpnduofc to Ophelia, his first soliloquy aftor tho ghost scene, and thou his. inappropriate laughter and jokos, his talk with Horatio nitor tho play. of. Ooiizago's murder has fairly demonstrated tho King's guilt, Ids shocking OX0U3O for not. killing, tho .King while at his' iirnyora-that it might givo him a ohanco of salvation, lis wild, interview with his molhor nnd romorsolosa murder of Polonius, his craft in getting Rosoncrantzand j Guildonstorn, excautod in England instead of himself, Anally,. his violenco in,Ophelia's gravo, aro all absolute' proofs of a real, not of a feigned, insanity. And it is oh this ground alone that, ho justifies Horatio's panogrio oh him aftor death,-that all his moro cruel nets aro to bb roferrcd to n disturbed roason, whilo tho truo Hamlot was high-hearted. . ïhorois ono cui-iqus pnssago in this essay, in which tho physician so overpowors tho pritic, that ho. virtually ropronchea Shaksporo with , making tho ghost audible in tho interviow in tho Queen's bedroom. .' Dr Conolly thinks it would bo moro appropriate to mnko it in that sceho a real .product of llamlet's fovorod brain, and neither to maka it visible nor audibloto anyone but him- self; and tho reply with whioli.tho princo persuades his motlior .of his perfcot sanity, Dr Conolly regards, or wishes to regard, as nothing but tho cunning of insanity: "It is curious to observo that tho arguments he ad- duces to disprove his mother's supposition, aroprcoisely such as certain ingonious inudmon dolight to employ HAU. "EcätooyI >? . ¡ . ..My pulso, os yours, doth temperately koop timo, ! . And ninkua os healthful music. : It isnot madness j That I -liavo uttered j bring mo to tho test, . And I tho m ittor -will re-word ; which inaduoss- .'. , "Would gambol from." ? This obvious dpsiro to gob rid of tho ghost and substi- tuto a delusion, while rctaining'Hamlct's apology for his own reason as a further ..proof of his insanity, will show sufllciontly that Dr : Conolly diflers- materially froth. Shokspero as to tho ; stato - of. Hamlet's . mind, anti of i.'ourso, so far, wo can liavo no controversy with'him ', ns tho only point on.pa.blo of. disoussion is what Sbaks poro intondod ¿us ;tb understand, not what Dr Conolly . thinks ho would have, dona .botter to substitute in itsj place after a little conversation: with hinisolf. - ' ! Ibr.tho rest, wo hold Dr Conolly's views to bo chiefly mistaken through not getting any true glimpse of Ham' let's motives for bia feigned insanity, nor, indoed, o\ tlip ohaructcr of his mind altogether. It is clear tba1 Sltnksporo means to delinéalo a mind always catching at intellectual oxouses to avoid decisivo action, starting, back liko an , clustio spring, from any. final oourse,- and soizing chiefly ou those trains of reflection which tond to scare from a contemplated deod or to justify inaction, His mother's unfaithfulness lias .taken.a-morbid hold bf his imagination "at tho very commencement of tho play, oppning- a veni of deep, distrust towards women, and .deepening that goiieral. misanthropy,.-tho oxouaes for -wltieh irresolution so ofton magnifies ns its beat apology for.tho " policy of abstention" from activo lifo. , Thus the peculiarity of Hamlet's mind is tho tondency of all its impulses, if not immediately carried out into notion, to turn into spoculative food for his disoursivo . imagination.-a process by .which they loso all tlioir forco ' as impulses, and by which tho effort to embody them in action becomes oven repulsive. : Thoro is : a cortain in lieront dislike in tho intellectual imagination to translate thought into action-a mood which in its lightest form Wordsworth has oxpressod for us in tho beautiful poem on Yarrow unvisited;- . ; " Bo Yarrow's stronm. unseen, unknown, ! . ' It must, or wo «hall ruo it; . ! . Wo have a vision of our own, j Ali'!'wily should wo undo it?*' ! And tho samo mood hos been Btill moro curiously illustrated by tho Into Mr Clough, in his Roman poomj "Amours do. Voyage," whore ho delineates through many pages tho revolt of Ids; hero's mind against tho practical Btop of marrying a woman ho loves when it comos to tko point. It is wholly an intellectual and imaginative, not in any sonso a moral repulsion, against committing tho intellect to i'givon courso, iii favour of keeping tho Inrgost reservó of freedom. ' Go'etho con stnntly delineates in himself tho samo' excessive reluct- ance to tnko; tho-last and critical atop in any courso ho had resolved oh. ; lie had nlmost to cheat himself into doing it,-to do it with his oyes shut,-in ordor to do it at all. ; If he opened thom, ho hesitated, and thought hedging preferable..* It soêms to hs that this is Shales: poro's great ? idea in Hamlet. ' Impulses, if not im- mediately acted upon, turn to speculative thought, and open a chasm between himaolf and his purposo." When ho first hears of his father's murder ho is all impationco to avengo it; but before'tho ghost has. well disappeared ho is noting that "a man may smile ¿nd smile and bo o' villain, at least inDonmark." . In' short, ho is trying to imagino his. uncle's state of mind, os ? ho had previously imagined'his mother's, with, morbid accuracy. Tho1 ghost's rovolation instead of spurring him to action, is opening up a long vista of oxoiting images, and ic is in this state of mind that tho'idea pf foiguod. madness has something very fascinating for him,.-; It will givo him an exouso for loosing the control, which sosial convention domands over his thoughts, it will opon opportunities for observation, release him. from tho necossity of hypocriti- cal rosnoct to his unolo and mother, abovo all, look to himaoli'liko a stop towards his rovengo without domnnd ing any real practical effbrt. Nay, moro, it 'will roleaso , bini honourably from all virtual engagements to Ophelia; which ho is no longer either able'or willi ig to fulfil,-not j able, for ho is dçdicatod to a great'not of roroiige,-not willing, for his faith is shaken in all women by his' mother's conduct, nnd though ho still fools tonderly for Ophelia, his triunVis weakened,' ¿nd tho thought of. any practical tio:Iiko marriago.is'boboining move mid moro' distasteful to him. ' Jn dot, tho unhinging of his mind isa kind of unhealthiness^ far removed from mania--au increasing morbidness nbout dednato actions, u stimu- lated vision of all tho objections Hhat oan possibly bo urged against a given stop, a moro and moro completa Bur rodder to tho habit bf imagining what ho will do rather ' than doing it.' To this species of in tolloct, under tho special excitement of finding his nearest relations guilty of the most terrible: criinoj a plausible qxpuso for affecting fitful madness would' bc ti great ' temptation, and Hamlet's first uso of it is to disontunglo himself, so far as ho can', /rpm his ehgsgom'oñt with' ,Ophelia, nnd, sot herTfrce, wliilo bo secures a mask from behind wliiohjie may, ns ho says to Himself, wutoh his opportunity, and in reality .excuso his own doloys, : '" But Dr Conolly tbiiikB this interpretation would'provO him altogether too coarso and cruel to Ophelia and his mother, too bloodthirsty to Itosoneraiitz and Guilden 'stern,'toe'unnatural oren towords thc King himself. Wo .do not think so. Hamlet is not meant to bo amiable, is meant to have that peculiar hardness and insensibility to tho pain of others which often murks minds habituated to stare all sorts of emotioim and events unblushingly in thomee. He says of himself to Ophelia, and fur from untruly-for Hamlet is incapable of moro modest self depreciation-"Icould acenso mo of such things that it. wero better my mother had not borne mc. I nm very proud, rorongoful, ambitious, with more offences nt my book than I hava thoughts to pul them in, imagination» to. give them shnpe, or timo to act them in." And ho ir hard. Ho stares tim bloom off all tho moat delicnto sen- timents. Ho justifies his substitution of Ilosencrauts -nud Guildenstern for himself with tho most haughty coolness. When Horatio remarks thnt. they have gone to thtir death, ho replies, with porfoct sang-froid, that . they had no buaiueis to meddle : " Why, man, they did moko loye to this employment, They^nvo not nour my i-oriVcieuco ; their defect. Diies by their own iusiuiuUiou grow ¡ _ _ ' 'Xis'ilnngoroú* whoii^liôlmsër iiatiïrè comos ' Uetwocn the prias and foll incensed pointa . . ¿Of mighty opposites which is'clearly no dreamy exouse, bnt tho cold itn -perious temper of a prince born tb purple. And IIÍB treatment of both Iiis mother and Ophelia is in tho samo spirit; not devoid of alfcntion, but quito earolesa of giving poin-perhaps ralljeir enjoying it. ', Ort tho whole, though wo have dorivud both pleasure and instruction from Dr Con olly'a ossny, wo am fully convinced that any attompt to show Hamlet's reason to bo shaken is uttorly hopeless, His mind is highly mor- bid, it ja tvuo-out tho morbidness arises . from tito thronging thoughts which doter him from action, which draw liim into tho solitude of his own discursivo ai\d bitter imaginations, and causo " tho nntiverhuo of reso- lution" tobo" sicklied o'er with tho palo cast of thought." Dr Conolly may regard Hamlet as insano if lib píennos, but tho insanity is not uinnin, not ono of reason, rathör ofagrent disproportion between his discursivo intellect and his-will.- - ? ? '?? ?? ; -V" '?. . 