AMERICA. [FROM OUR OWN SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] New York, October 7th, 1863. SINCE my last letter another terrible, but, as usual in this sanguinary civil war, undecisive, battle has been fought — this time at Chattanooga, in Tennessee,—the first as be- tween the generals and the forces engaged for some nearly twelve months. When the battle of Murfreeshoro was fought between General Rosencranz, and the rebel General Bragg, the former snatching an important victory at almost the very moment of defeat. After the battle Bragg aban- doned Murfreesboro, and fell back upon Chattanooga, which I described to you as the key to the whole of the south- western portion of the Confederacy—the granary from which the rebel army received all its supplies, and dis- possessed of which it could hardly keep together for six months. Murfreesboro, or Stone River, battle was fought in December, 1862, and since that time to the present no military operations of importance were attempted by either party. Chattanooga naturally is a place of great strength —another Harper's Ferry in that respect, but of incompa- rably greater interest and importance, as the barrier to the interior of Georgia and Alabama, and so through to Rich- mond itself. Rosencranz after his victory began to accumulate im- mense stores at Nashville, his base ; to strengthen his army by the voluntary enlistment of Kentuckians and Tennes- seans, who flocked to him in great numbers, and who had fled to the mountains to escape the sweeping conscription of the rebel generals—and to improve the discipline of his troops. The time occupied in this work began latterly to appear strangely and unnecessarily long to the people, and at last Rosencrans broke ground with a large force in the direction of Chattanooga. Previous to this, General Burnside massed the two army corps which he commanded in the depart- ment of Kentucky, and, after a forced march, took posses- sion of Knoxville, the capital of Tennessee. This was a severe loss to the South. Burnside then turned back as it were to carry a position which previous to his reaching Knoxville, was unassailable in front, but which he suc- ceeded in turning by rapid marches—this was Cumberland Gap—the whole force occupying which surrendered as prisoners of war. It was in concert with these movements that Rosencrans began his fatiguing march to Chattanooga— the other movements being subordinate to the grand scheme—the wresting of Chattanooga from the rebels. While Rosencrans thus threatened Bragg in Chattanooga in front, the vulnerable part of his defences were threatened by Burnside. Otherwise he might bid defiance to Rosen- crans, who could only operate from the north side of the Tennessee, to resist which the whole ingenuity of the Southern generals and engineers had been directed in the construction of its defences. Bragg's strategy then was to abandon Chattanooga, to draw Rosencrans after him, to fight a great battle, defeat him ; and, pursuing close the flying Northerners into Chattanooga, indefensible at that side, surrounded with mountains, and having a broad river before them, annihilate the whole force. How his plans succeeded will be seen from subsequent operations. It is necessary to state that President Davis and the whole South looked upon the occupation of Tennessee as of the first an greatest importance to the very vitality of the Con- federacy, and Davis, in a speech made in Atlanta, Georgia, declared that he would wrest Tennessee and Kentucky from the Yankees, no matter at what price. The advance of Rosencranz was the long-expected moment anticipated by the Rebel Government as that from which to date the over- throw of the army of the Cumberland, and to subject Ken- tucky and Tennessee once more to the paternal rule of President Davis, and his right- hand men—the conscription officer and the army foragers. If they are merely coinci- dences, they are the most remarkable ever noted in the history of any war—that it is always at those times when the Richmond Government and its Generals and armies are best prepared at all points to resist attack, that the Northern Generals conclude to do something. This is strongly exemplified in the case of Rosencranz and his present campaign. He has been confronting Bragg for months, with a superb, and, as compared to his adversary, overpowering army, but he never moved. Bragg was not sufficiently prepared, and the time and opportunity must be given him. The latter oc- curred after the Southern raid into Pennsylvania—the battles of Gettysburg had been fought. Lee had once more brought his army into Virginia, and entrenched himself on his old grounds, the banks of the Rappahannock and Rapidan, and thither he was leisurely followed by the great army of the Potomac. Of course the latter force would stand on its good behaviour, let the neighbours opposite alone, while some 40,000 or 50,000 of them were sent off to Bragg to assist in overthrowing Rosencranz. This is exactly what was done. No sooner did this General begin to move than three corps of the veteran army of Lee were forthwith despatched to Chattanooga, increasing his army to about 75,000 veteran troops. As I said, no force from the North would have the remotest chance of successfully assailing the stronghold of Chattanooga, and even the flank movement made by Burnside on the south, which caused its evacuation, might, I think, have been prevented had it been Bragg's strategy to have done so. But Burnside had not appeared on the Look-out Mountain, overhanging Chattanooga, it was only the fact of his having taken Knoxville and Cumberland Gap, which left the passes open to him to operate with Rosencranz, that influenced Bragg in evacuating Chatta- nooga. If he waited for an assault, he would only wait till Burnside came along. He withdrew and, as he judged, he was followed up by Rosencranz, but not till that General had thrown up strong works south of the town, so that in case of disaster he could check an enemy, while his army would be making the passage of the river. Still, Bragg's strategy was near bearing its full fruit. He fell back to meet his reinforcements led by Lee's best Generals—Longstreet, Hood, Hall, &c.;—and then advanced to meet Rosencranz, who, under strict orders from the war department, was con- tinuing his march into Georgia, as yet separated from Burn- side, who on his part was engaged under the same strict orders in capturing a few unimportant towns. Rosencranz' army did not exceed 50,000 men, but they were all war- worn and victory crowned. On the 18th September, this army was concentrated on Chickamanga Creek, a small stream, which is now immortalized as giving its name to one of the bloodiest struggles of the war. And very appro- priately is the battle called from it, for the meaning Chicka- manga—an Indian word—is " River of Death." On the banks of this river of death, Rosencranz' army halted, its advanced columns having felt the enemy in front. It was soon discovered that Bragg's object was to manoeuvre so as to get himself between Rosencranz and Chattanooga. On Saturday, the 19th, the battle opened with very little of the usual bye-play or feinting usual in such cases. The Sou- therners knew their advantage and were determined to push it to the utmost. The left of our army was the object of attack, as there was the way to our rear. Twice they were repulsed in their efforts, but in a third attack they broke the Union lines, and rushed cheering to complete their work, when reinforcements came up and drove them back, re- trieving not only the day on that part of the field, but indeed to a great extent saving the whole army. General Thomas, who commanded these troops, pushed his success until he had struck a panic into the elite of the rebel army—the corps of Long- street, the heroes of many fights. But in doing so he left the centre unflanked—the troops which should have come up to fill the gap failing to do so. At the same time the enemy being strengthened in the centre, and at once seeing it, immediately embraced the advantage, and with a des- perate charge broke both centre and right, scattering the Northerners like chaff. After a desperate fight Rosencranz by the recall of Thomas, and the concentration of his line, succeeded in perfecting it again, and the enemy, not know- ing the extent of his own success, withdrew. Thus ended the first day's fight. Many of the great battles of this war have been fought on Sunday, and so it happened that the great battle of Chickamauga should be fought on the Sabbath. Sunday morning broke upon the combatants arrayed again to renew the desperate conflict. As unprepared as was the Union army, on no other occasion did so much depend upon its valour—upon its success. Beaten that day and the whole of Kentucky and Tennessee reverted to rebel rule—not that alone, but from the population of these States Davis would have reinforced his army by a hundred thousand men— would have drawn immense supplies for future sustenance, and flushed with victory would undoubtedly have invaded Ohio and other North- western States, and renewed his in- vasion of Pennsylvania and Maryland ; would, in fact, en- title his Government and his cause to the recognition of the world aa deserving of independence, so far as valour and an unconquerable cause would go. But it was ruled otherwise, and though Bragg won a battle his army was so terribly punished, and the Unionists so obstinately brave and undaunted, it bore him barren fruit ; indeed, from the hopes felt as to the result, Bragg's victory all over the South to-day is regarded as a defeat. At ten o'clock the battle opened furiously again on the left where Thomas commanded—the rebels as usual making the onslaught. For two hours the fight waged here—the Union line never wavering. Repeated charges were made against it, the assaulting force being very heavy, consisting of three parallel lines with artillery on eminences in their rear. As they would near the Union line the second line would lie down while the front would continue to advance in the face of the deadly musketry that dropped them in dozens or sent them limping to the rear in hundreds. Broken and scattered they would rally again behind their other lines which would rise as a great shield to their retreating com- rades. So persistent and repeated were these attacks upon the left that it appeared as if the whole battle was concen- trated in all its fury here. But the wily enemy had, in the meantime, sent a force to outflank our left, and it was only by General Thomas noticing the movement that saved the army. This was about noon. The third and last assault came, and the engagement became general, and reinforce- ments were sent to strengthen the left. But then at once it appeared as if the whole tactics of the enemy had changed, and the centre and right become the object of attack and the points of danger. The enemy poured from the woods in echelon of brigades, and as they advanced became easily traceable by the line of flame which shot from their muskets. They advanced with great rapidity ; the assault was made with terrible impetus, and in a moment the Federals broke and fled in every direction. " The day was lost, and at last the invincible army of the Cumberland had been defeated." But luckily not all. General Thomas still held his own, and bent all his energies to cover the retreat, and save the flying army from absolute destruction. There were then but three batteries in line—all the artillery that remained in our possession at one o'clock, out of 150 guns brought on the field. While gallant Thomas fought with his wearied troops—few in number—the victorious and now overpower- ing foe, a few fresh troops led by General Granger came upon the field. It was a terrible moment—a moment of agonising suspense—when a cloud of dust on the rear of Thomas indicated the approach of an armed force, but whether friend or foe none could tell. General Thomas' troops were worn out, and could fight no more, and the next rebel attack must be their last. There was no escape if the troops advancing were, as it was feared, the cavalry of the enemy. They proved to be friends, and the struggle on that terrible Sabbath day was resumed. The next attack when it came was repulsed. Another, and the last, followed, when our men were unable to stand with fatigue in the line, but they never faltered ; all depended upon them. They repulsed again the foe, who now worn out himself, and despairing, abandoned the assault during that night. General Thomas fell back from his position on the field to Rossville. The next day the enemy reconnoitered this position, but failed to attack it, and subsequently the whole force fell back to Chattanooga, which is now defended strongly ; a fortified line about a mile and a half in length covering the pontoons, stores, and hospitals, &c.; Here Rosencranz is perfectly secure from any direct attack that Bragg can make. He still holds Chattanooga, the great object of the battle, and on the recapture of which so much depended. The whole South at the first intelligence broke out into hosannas in praise of Bragg, and into boastings of the great career now open to the Confederate army. Re- cognition, intervention, foreign alliance, a great Southern empire, all the dreams of the ambitious leaders, and the hope of peace to the poor torn, bereaved, and sorrowing people opened in the vista, which for a moment was lighted up by a lightning gleam askance the sky, and the next moment—as the result of the battle on which so much de- pended was really known—became dark, hiding all the fair picture from the sight for ever. The losses on both sides were immense, but as the facts became more clearly known it appears that the enemy were the greater sufferers in men, while the Federals lost most in material. This could scarcely be otherwise as they remained masters of the field. Among the rebels killed were General Preston Smith, General Mofford, General Deshler. Among the wounded, Major-General Preston, General Clebury, Gene- ral Hood, who lost a leg ; General Gregg, and General Benning. The only Union general killed was General Lyke. To show you how severe even such a victory to the rebels has been, and how signally Bragg has failed in effecting the great work entrusted to him, I give you an extract from the Richmond Whig, published the day after the battle :— " Situated as Rosencrans is, the victory that does not dis- perse or capture his whole army is a lost opportunity. If he is permitted to hold Chattanooga, then our victory will be without profit, and we have only to mourn that so many brave men have died in vain, and chiefly that the gallant Hood has sealed his faith with his blood. Rosencrans must not only be beaten in battle, but he must be destroyed or driven from East Tennessee ; otherwise the battle might as well not have been fought. If this stronghold is not wrenched from him now it will hardly be hereafter. If he holds it he holds a point d appui, from which he may at any moment strike at the very vitals of the Confederacy. He holds a region pestilent with disaffection, that needs only the presence of a Yankee army to ripen into full blown treason. He holds the country that must supply meat for our army, nitre for our powder mills, and coal and iron for many of our manufacturing establishments. The posses- sion of that country is of indispensable necessity to us. It is the prize for which Brag is contending. Until he has won it we can but rejoice with fear and trembling over what he has done. Should he win, it will be the superbest achievement of the war. Rosencranz has been largely reinforced not only by Burn- side but also from Meade's army of Virginia This army, true to the policy I referred to in commencing this letter, has been quietly resting on its arms while the opposing force was weakened by the reinforcements sent to Bragg. If there is nothing more for them to do there they will be returned to Lee with some additional thousands, who will then be ready to give a proper reception to Meade. There has been no serious demonstration made against Richmond by Meade's army. It was thought that Lee's difficulty was Meade's opportunity, but nothing came of it. With the exception of cavalry reconnaissances on either side, spiced occasionally by rebel parties surprising de- tachments, cutting off trains, and running sutlers into Ricbmond, all is quiet along the front. Not so before Charleston. Gillmore is still hard at work preparing for the reduction of that famous city. He has just completed his batteries on Morris Island, and we hourly expect to hear that the great siege has been formally opened. With the destructive material for siege purposes which he commands Charleston will speedily fall before the grand final effort. General Banks is engaged in a campaign in the interior of Louisiana, General Blunt in Arkansas—Texas also is being overrun ; and so the work goes on, and so the stars and stripes are steadily and surely unfolding themselves over on fresh ground every day. Two years ego rebeldom commanded a territory exceed- ing eight hundred thousand square miles in extent—the banks of the Potomac river for a hundred miles above and a hundred miles below Washington. They held the Mis- sissippi for a thousand miles from Columbus in Kentucky to the Gulf, including the cities of Memphis, Vicksburg, Natchez, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans. With the ex- ception of Cape Hatteras they held all the Atlantic coast from Norfolk, all the way round to the Rio Grande. To-day that area is reduced to 200,000 square miles. From Norfolk to Galveston, the only port left in the possession of the Confederacy, are Wilmington and Mobile, for as to Savannah and Charleston they are useless to them. This is the picture to be filled up with ruined trade, depopulated towns, plantations consumed by fire, a depopulated country, and a half-starving army. Such the terrible penalty of rebellion, inaugurated for the spread and development of slavery. I have no doubt but in my next I will be able to record important victories in every department of our armies. So much for war. While the war campaign thus lives and moves, the political campaign is again upon us. The principal battles will be fought in Pennsylvania and Ohio. In the latter State the Copper-heads were for a time rampant, they having succeeded in arousing a pretty wide-spread feeling of disgust at the arbitrary arrest and banishment of Vallan- digham—a malignant opponent to the Government and to the war. This demagogue would insist in saying that the South would return to the Union, under fresh guarantees for their peculiar institutions. This, too, in face of the repealed denunciations of the Southern leaders and press, and their manifestoes that nothing but independence and a separate existence would suffice to stay the war. I have heard this Vallandigham repeatedly speak in Congress and out of it, and at all times his attacks upon the Govern- ment amounted to treason, and when I last heard him here and in the city of New York, I was astonished at the treasonable license he permitted himself when speaking of the President and administration. The whole cry at the time was that freedom of speech was assailed. My wonder was, that at such a time demagogues were permitted to spout treason so freely as they did. The arrest under the circum- stances was perhaps injudicious, for not half could be proved against him in the speech that was the immediate cause of his arrest, that at twenty other times could be produced in proof of his treasonable opposition to the Govern- ment. His Copperhead friends nominated him for demo- cratic Governor of Ohio, notwithstanding his banishment. But he has not got a ghost of a chance. The election comes off next week. Vallandigham is in Canada awaiting the result. An organization was effected among the morr rabid Copperheads and a party of men enrolled and sworn to go over to Canada and bring him to Columbus, the capital of Ohio, to await there the result. These were to be completely armed and to act as a body-guard to Vallandigham. The day for petty social hostile outbreaks of that kind is at an end. A few years ago a fanatical party might carry out any wild scheme of that sort, but now not all the Copperheads of Ohio would dare to attempt it. The Government has been too long engaged in a bloody war—has been too long suffering from treachery and treason not to crush a hostile proceeding of that kind as quickly and effectually as could Napoleon himself. The principal fight of the political campaign will be fought in Penn- sylvania, and its result will to a great extent indicate the popular feeling with regard to the war. The present go- vernor, an uncompromising republican, is again put in nomination against an anti-war democrat, and from present appearances and an improved feeling towards the Govern- ment it is supposed he will be elected. The Presidential campaign is beginning to attract atten- tion, and already the candidates are being talked of. President Lincoln will not seek re-nomination, but he will nevertheless be at the service of his friends. Strange enough, the candidates spoken of, in addition to Lincoln, are Cabinet Ministers—Secretery Chase, of the Treasury ; and Seward, Secretary of State. Should Mr. Lincoln retire in favour of one of these, it will be in favour of Mr. Seward ; but no doubt Chase will receive the nomination, and will very probably he our next President. Popular feeling with regard to our foreign relations has received a sort of electric touch from the visit here of a Russian squadron, consisting of the steam frigate Osilaba, the Alexander Nosky, 51 guns ; the Poresviet, of 46 guns ; and by the corvettes Varing and Vitesse, each 16 guns ; and the clippers Alenos, Isoumvood and Jabont, each carrying nine guns. The Russian admiral and his officers are being feted and feasted by the city authorities. An ovation was extended to them a few days ago, when a public reception was given to them, the civil and military authorities turning out in full force. It was a regular gala day, and the Russians were highly pleased at the enthusiasm with which they were greeted. The festivities on their account are not yet over ; but popular feeling is beginning to slightly change. Apart from the custom of the city authorities to extend public welcome to distinguished strangers, the ceremonies on this occasion were considerably enhanced in view of our foreign relations, and from the circumstance that a political im- portance was attached to the visit in our waters of so large a fleet. In view of the complications in Europe with the affairs of Poland, and Russia being expected to be bearded in his den ; while, on the other hand, the United States were threatened with European intervention in her domestic affairs by the same Powers that desired to dictate to Russia, this visit was looked upon as an assurance on the part of Russia that she was ready to reciprocate with the United States any support one might, could, or would receive from the other. This was the direction given to the public mind on the matter ; and while it must be admitted the idea was in some quarters well received, in others it but awakened purer democratic feelings. An alliance with Russia at a time that she is oppressing the unfortunate but gallant and invincible Poles is repugnant to young America, while, on the other hand, any support necessary in a war with Eng- land and France—should such be possible, would of course be welcomed. The alternative would, after all, be a severe one. Otherwise the spirit of republi- canism is too firmly rooted in the nation for it to sympathise with the oppressors of Poland, struggling for its independence. From Lord John Russell's late action with regard to the building of iron rams in England, the discussion of the question of intervention is passing away, and with it the discussion of the probabilities of the Russian fleet visit. In the meantime, the ironclad fleet of this country is being immensely strengthened. Several ocean-going iron- clads are being built, and will soon be ready for sea. The U.S. steam frigate Niagara has been recently undergoing a change. She is now ready for sea, with an armament con- sisting of twelve two hundred-pounder rifle Parrot guns on the spar deck, and twenty-four eleven-inch guns on the main or gun deck ; the latter are for throwing hollow or solid shot and long shell. These guns have a range of eight thousand eight hundred and forty-five yards, or a little over five miles. It is said that their destructive power is sufficient to demolish any wooden vessel at a distance of four miles. The whole energy of the Navy Department i put forth in increasing the navy, particularly in the ????????????? of ocean-going Monitors. It is to be hoped there will be no immediate necessity for their use. Trade and business is still very active in every depart- ment ; enterprise was never more general, and evidences of it are to be seen in every direction—in the opening of canals, railroads, telegraphs, &c.;, &c.; Emigration is on the increase, with rumunerative labour for all who come. 