Our Back Parlour No.IX. [Present----Our DEPÜTY-SUB-EDITOR and ADMIRAL WOBBLES, who for a long time puff away in silence. MR. DEPUTY---There is a sense of lone- liness, Wobbles, in this place, that hangs upon one oftener than I like. It seems to me that we are deserted even by Miss Crump and Sprouts. MR. WOBBLES-The young leddy has taken up her quarters at Rummer's Hotel. The constant noise and bustle of the main street were too much for her poor nerves, and she could not sleep well at nights in the crowded establishment there. In fact she called Mr. Hicks up twice between one and two o'clock a.m., thinking there was a man in the next room. He were precious glad when she went off, I can tell you. MR. DEPUTY-The, poor thing has an unaccountable horror of mankind. MR. WOBBLES-She calls it a natterai terror ; for men, she says, ai-e always brutes. MR. DEPUTY-And what has become of Sprouts ? MR. WOBBLES-Sprouts, Sir, went on his peregrinations, with his knapsack be- hind him. He expects to make some great discoveries in the realms of Nature before his return. MR. DEPUTY-So we are left alone. The wind moans dreamily under the eaves of this lofty edifice ; sighs of the Night in her gloomy solitude. "How beautiful is Night !" Not within doors, but out on the broad and restless ocean, with myriads of stars gemming the heavens ; or standing in the pale moon- light on the borders of some mountain lake, whose softly whispering waves go glinting by, whilst beyond, and soaring high into the deep silence of the solemn Night, rise the vast and broken forms of the Jung Frau, or Monte Rosa, ghastly in their snowy shrouds. MR. WOBBLES-Bless us ! Where are you going, Sir? MR. DEPUTY-On such a night-. Ah, those were times and scenes in which we felt and owned the Beautiful and grand in Nature ; whilst here, remote from all associations that give to scenery the heightening charms of the Ideal, we look unmoved on spots that are merely picturesque. Like lovely features upon whose surface " the mind, the music" of the soul plays not. MR. WOBBLES-He's off now, like a witch on a broomstick; up into the clouds, and I must wait tul he comes down again. MR. DEPUTY-Night! . . . our very thoughts grow dark. Like some poor crushed and blinded wretch stretching his hands around him on every side, feeling for sympathy, and finding none. A Land without romance, a people with- out poetry, Life a cruel reality, softened by no single touch of the Ideal. It is wrong ; all wrong. MR. WOBBLES-What's wrong ? MR. DEPUTY-Men here are like cer- tain minerals that possess only so much polarity as repels. Society is composed of particles individually rounded like small shot, so as to be incapable of union. They who ought to be the fusing powers are marked like those who look up to them by their antagonisms. How false is all profession ! Did we really return good for evil, this world would again be paradise. MR. WOBBLES-Paradise ? Well, Sir, I were there once ; and I must say it does Mr. Marsh very great credit. Tlie apple orchard, not above four years' old, is coming on most beautiful. Orange trees thriving; and over the brawling brook which runs sparkling and chattering through the pleasant valley during the whole summer, he is going to raise a trellis of vines, so that you may sit in the shade, during the heat of noon-day, with your toes in the water. MR. DEPUTY-Wobbles, I feel rather faint ; pass me the pewter. MR. WOBBLES-No wonder, Sir ; you've been a-roaming I don't know where, quite out of my reach. I should feel obliged, Sir, when you invite me to your conversationeys if you'd talk a little more rationally. Poetry and nonsense of that kind don't go down now-a-days. MR. DEPUTY-I sit rebuked. There are times, Wobbles, when thoughts come bubbling up within us, like water from the deep spring; and Thought wears ever a tinge of sadness. MR. WOBBLES-Now to my mind that depends on what you are a-thinking of. .There's folks here that's always thinking of making their cent, per cent. ; and that's not a gloomy subject, I believe. MR. DEPUTY-This- is a sad season ; illness like an epidemic has visited the place. I know not what to make of it. The climate is delicious, the heats of summer have been retarded, Nature for months has worn her sweetest smiles yet sickness and death have passed through the land, like the pestilence which fell upon the hosts of David, for his sin. No wonder we all feel sad. MR. WOBBLES-Well, Sir, it don't do to give way. We must hope for the best. MR. DEPUTY-Not hare. I feel op- pressed with forebodings. [T/te door is flung suddenly open, and SPBOUTS rushes in, dressed in convict robes, and liaving his liair cut close to his head.] SPBOUTS, wildly-Save me ! Save me ! MR. WOBBLES, (starting up, and tum- bling over his cliair)-It's a ghost ! MB. DEPUTY, (in great agitation, liaving r\m behind the table)-Aroint thee, witch ! Wizzard ! Apparition ! -What art thou! SPBOUTS, having first bolted the door, sinks into ffie Port Admiral's chair-I am dead with fatigue. MB. WOBBLES-Died of fatigue! O MB. DEPUTY-Sprouts ! Conjuro te ! I adjure thee ! Are you alive ? SPBOUTS-No !-I think not. MB. WOBBLES-Murdered on the high- way, and can't rest until buried. Lud a mercy ! MB. DEPUTY, (greatly agitated)-If this be so, we swear to bury thee!-in the back garden. SPBOUTS, (murmuring)-A drop of brandy-weak. MB. WOBBLES-Heavens ! He speaks like a Christian ! Mebbe he aint quite dead? SPBOUTS, (getting np and Jielping him- self)-Unfeeling men ! have you no com- passion ? MB. DEPUTY-'Tis he ! 'Tis Sprouts himself! But what do you mean by this mummery? How dare you frighten respectable citizens in this way ? SPBOUTS-I am too ill to speak at present. Send me home in your car- riage. ME. DEPUTY-Our horses stand in DeLeech's stables. We cannot wake up his whole establishment at this hour. . . Imps ! where are ye ? [A vast posse of Imps make tlieir appearance; some with tJieir eyes shut.'] Fly to the City Porters, Howard or Green, and order a truck instantly. [Mr. Deputy and Wobbles then be- stow the tender est care upon the unfor- tunate Sprouts. They pinch him to ascertain if he be still sensible, try to pull his hair, which is, however, too sliort to admit of it, handle his gar- ments with wonder and admiration, &c.; ME. HOWARD and ME. GEEEN arrive together at full speed.~] MB. HOWABD and MB. GREEN at the door, and both together-Here you are, Sir ! This is the truck. ME. DEPUTY-This is the gentleman. Be careful with him. MB. HOWABD and MB. GBEEN-Ay, ay, Sir. {They both rush upon Sprouts, and try to drag him to their respective truck.] ME. HOWARD and MB. GBEEN-Mine's the softest-deal boards-yourn's maho- gany.It ain't. Yourn's got iron clamps. SPBOUTS-Don't murder me, gentle- men ; let me walk. MB. HOWABD and MB. GBEEN-Hed itor says you mus'nt. Hoist him on to this truck.No ! on this ; he prefers it. [After fearfod struggles Mr. Sprouts is secured and bound upon one of the trucks ; his jacket, torn off in the ex- citement, is carried on Hie other. He is removed at a hand-gallop to his Aunt's. Wednesday morning-By tîte last bulletin Mr. Sprouts is an- nounced to be much better."] THE CHANNEL FLEET AT LIVEBPOOL.-This fine squadron of vessels, their officers and crews, are objects of much popular interest and favour in Liverpool and its neighbourhood. The ships are objects of special attraction to all classes. As yet the men have not been ashore in great numbers, but the officers in some force have visited the leading public institutions of the town. On Tuesday Mr. John Laird, M.P., entertained Admiral Dacres at dinner in his mansion at Birkenhead. On Wednesday Capt. Chamberlaine, of the Resistance, gave luncheon and boll on board his ship, which was attended by a large and fashionable company. On Thurs- day Capt. Lambert gave a dejeuner dansante on board his ship, the Liverpool. On Friday the Mayor (Mr. R. C. Gardner) gave a banquet to Admiral Dacres and his principal officers, fol- lowed in the evening by a fancy ball, which took place in the Town Hall. Besides the enter- tainments enumerated there have been balls and social réunions on board of several ships and in social circles in Liverpool. It is expected that the fleet will sail from Liverpool on Thurs- day.-Sept. 20. Many English visitors to Paris will remem- ber Lassagne, one of the most irresistibly mirth provoking of low comedians, and whose fun and drollery the most depressed of mortals could not long witness without being cheated into a laugh. The poor fellow died a lunatic not long ago, and in a sketch of him recently pub- lished there occurs the following anecdote: Before he got mad enough to be subjected to restraint he devised for himself a singular amusement, worthy, it may be said, of a mad- man, but to which a misanthrope might have reBorted as a means of studying human nature. He used to fill his pocket with copper money and get into an omnibus, seating himself near the conductor. In the Paris omnibuses it is customary for persons to pay soon after they get in; if they are for from the conductor their money is passed from hand to hand, and the change is returned to them in like manner. Lassagne was always ready with a hand held out to receive the fare from those seated beyond him, but when he handed back the change re- ceived from the conductor he dexterously added to it a few sous taken from his own pocket. It was his delight then to watch the face of the passenger who having given a 10-sous piece in order that six might be taken from it, received back 10 or 12 sous after his fare was paid. The passenger counted, recounted, and ended by pocketing the change. Lassagne then laughed, as the French say, comme un fou. He used to declare that he never once saw the money returned. 