THE NE IPS OF THE DAT. We leara :tliat it is tlicintention of the Govern ment. to gazette Mondaj- next, the birthdays of Ii.It H. ths -Prince of Wales, as a public holiday. A brigade- order, which will be found in another column, states the numbe^of commissioned andaon commissioned oflicers which officers in command of the several 1 volunteer corps may rocommend- for appointment. The order also notifies that all candi dates for promotion to the-rank of lioutenanfc must pass an ordinary examination before being qualified to enter the professional ? examination required for each division ancl grade. Amongst other sportingiitems, wo learn tliat tlia swner of Bosh is propeied to raco him against Archer, the Sydney cracky for any amount over £100 for any distance from ono to four miles. Wo have two days' later dates from Otago,-.N.Z,, namely, to the 28th ult.. The intelligence contained in our files is, however,-, of but little importance. Some very payable claims, were being worked;- in the gaily lately opened at Wost Taieri, but. all the ground -was taken up, and-anless the gold was traced into tlio* hills, which hast- nover yet been the case in Newv Zealand, the rush-. would soon be at. an ond. .rt. oorresponueni ci- me . Yvangarratta iwspatcn htates that there are t.vo,-rutis in the Benalliv district nearly, equal in size and- value, but, unaccountably, the relit of one is twelve (12) times that of the other, an&the; ono with the smallest rent is the ? best run. Ho-ssks for an explanation. 33ho civic elections'- passed off, 3'esterday, very quiotly, and witlioutany of those stirring incidents which sometimes ooenr on such occasions. There was but little excitement in any of the wards of the city until the time-arrived for the polling; to bo made known. Speculation, thon became pretty general, and the merits and;dfemerits of the various candidates were frnety discussed!. The elections;, were closely contested throughout. Mr Grant was returned for Bourke ward by a majority of life! over his- op-, ponent Mr Phillips. . In Smith word Hr Weedow was returned by a. majority of 42, he having polled) 390 against Srffh by Mr Arnold. In Gipps ward tho- retiring couuoillor, Mr Hughes, was beaten by Mr Cowell bj'a majority of SI, liavmfjpollecl 551 against his opponent's 572. Mr Gowoll was, therefore* elected. The four prisoners who were sentenced to death by his Honor the Chief Justice, at the last Circuit Court, at Beechworth, arrived at the Melbourne Central Gaol, on Wednesday. Their names are— Dee Gee, the Chinaman, who murdered Mr Hum- fries, a storekeeper, some time in last June; and Elizabeth Scott, Julian Cross and David Gedge, who some seven months ago, at Mansfield, murdered the husband of the woman Scott at her instigation, under circumstances of unusual brutality. The sentence of the convict Chinaman has been commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years in irons. The execution of the other three prisoners has been arranged to take place on the 11th inst. The woman Scott is about 23 years of age, and Gedge, her paramour, is not more than 19. Cross is a man of color. It transpired last evening, at the meeting of the Collingwood Gold Mining Company, that the roan Mttckie, whose hand was seriously injured iu tho shaft some time ago, died oa the 2nd of the month. The doctoss at tlie hospital, it seems, downed it nocessary to amputate, but the operation did not sp.ve the- patient's life. A suggestion was throwii out that some subscription for tho -widow and children should bo mado, and this wi';l, we under stand, be carriod into effoct. The adjourned goneral quarterly meeting of tlio Collingwood Gold Mining Company was held last evening, at Mao's Hotel, Smith street. The hour for meeting was oiglit o'clock, and at about half-past a quorum of thirty members was mustered. Tho hon. Charles Vaughan was moved to the chair, and ho introduced tho business of the evening in the usual form. The report, which had previously been pub lished and circulated, was read. This documont mainly purports to explain misfortunes that liavo delayed the company's operations, and tlie position of the finances peuding the result of the litigation with the shareholders now proceeding. The trea surer's statement showed a balanco of £11 12s 7d in hand : the receipts having been £31-1 15s 10d, and tho expenditure £308 Is 3d. On tho two Galls made within the last quarter, only £12 had been paid by the shareholders. The reading of tho report occasioned a long discussion, in which Mr Graham Berry took a leading part in defcnco of what tho directors had done. Tho gist of the defence was that they had done the best they could under moet dwlieartuiung cir-oumuto,a-3?3, Having carried on *4he discussion to a late hour, the report was at length agreed to. No very definite decision as to the fotitre was arrived at, but it appeared to be gene rally admitted that, unless the shareholders fur nished tlie requisite moans, by promptly paying up tlie calls, the enterprise must very shortly bo aban doned. The case of Shaw v Hamm, commenced on Tues day, in tlio Old Court, before Mr Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve, terminated yesterday, with the exception of the return of the verdict. The action was brought by Mr Henry Steel Shaw, the official assignee of John Randle Pascoe, an in solvent, against one of tho trustees of a post-nuptial . settlement. The action was to try tlio validity of this settlement, which was a conveyance by Pascoe ? to his wife, in August, 1858, of certain property in \- that the estate has realised little or nothing, and the official assignee claims the property settled upon Mrs Pascoo as an asset wherewith to pay tho credi tors, alleging that the settlement was made by Pascoo when in embarrassed circumstances, he well knowing that he would shortly become insolvent. The evi ? dencc in the case was chiefly bearing upon the in solvent's financial position in the year 1858. His as n statement was, that at the time of the settlement his assets exceeded his liabilities by £21,000, but that, afterwards, a large proportion of his assets turned out to bo valueless. The consideration rc ? ceived from his wife for tho settlement was the re linquishment of , her right of dower upon several properties, tho amount she was alleged to have sur rendered in this way being stated at about £20,000 in valuo. At a quarter to 6ix o'clock the jury, who had been in deliberation nearly an hour, had not . agreed. A majority of ten held the same opinion ; l,„f no -V-n ..n.lloa nnf verdict, and as the jury stated there was not tho least probability of their agreeing, they were ordered to be locked up for the night. The cricket match arranged between an eleven of the Melbourne Club and the officers of the 50tli Regiment, will tako place on the Melbourne ground tliis afternoon, weather permitting. The band of the 50th Regiment is expected to be in attendance. The club eleven will bo selected from the follow ing: — Hamilton, Fraser, Handfield, Kelly, C. F. Cameron, F. D. 'White, V. Cameron, B. Wardill, Wray, J. Raleigh, King, Withen, and Wood. On Saturday a match ?will be played on tho Melbourne ground between the first elevens of the Melbourne club and Richmond club, and a match will be played on tlie Richmond ground between the second ? elevens of , the two clubs. A band will ? be in attendance, upon the Melbourne ground, and perform the following selection of music : — Hallelujah March ; Scena and Aria from ' Attila,' Verdi; Valse Saracena, Newerling ; Lillian Polka, 3-' Albert ; Selection, ' Bohemian Girl,' Balfe ; Overture, ' Norma,' Bellini ; Rigoletto Quadrille, D'Albcrt ; Cavatina, ' Robert le Diable,' Meyer beer ; Lachtanbchen Schottische, Wohlnan ; Pre lude and Aria, ' Nino,' Verdi ; Love's Dance Valse, Labitzski; Assault Galop, Jullien. The first eleven of the Melbourne Cricket Club to play on tho Mel ? bourno ground consists of Hamilton, Wardill, Kelly, Hxndfield, Cameron, Orr, Wray, Fraser (or Wilson), B. Wardill, Elliott and Cosstick. The second eleven, to play at Richmond, are Langlands, Ham tnill, Harley, Withers, Serrell, King, Hall, H. Woolley, Wood, Lister and Hall. The Richmond teams will be as follows : — First- eleven, on the Mel bourne ground: — Mortimer (captain), Bryant, Greaves, Simmons, Hope, Hewitt, Huddleston, Mackenzie, Wilson, Hopkinson and Smith. Second eleven, on Richmond ground, from tho following : — Gillow, Wilmoth, Downes, Shiels, Johnson, Nichols, Coster, Langlands, Cameron, Haymes, Morgan, B&rmby; and Arbuckle. In the Equity Court, yesterday, Mr Justice Moles worth refused the application made to remove the jurisdiction of the Melbourne Insolvent Court to the Geelong District Court. In the case of Sansom v Sansom, a petition by the wife of respondent for alimony, his Honor ordered £3 a month to be paid, estimating tho respondent's income at about £180 a year. There were two cases which occupied the time of the City Court, yesterday, for two or three hours. In one an offence — stealing a horse and cart — com- mitted more than year ago by a man who is already a prisoner of the Crown, was investigated, and the evidence was found sufficient to commit him. The other was a prosecution on the serious charge of perjury, instituted by Mr T. IC. Bennett, against the inspector of weights and measures. This charge was based upon the evidence given by the complain ant in the recent case of O'Connor v. Bennett. Yes terday, the witnesses for the prosecution were brought forward to prove that the steelyards, which the inspector declared to be unstamped, had been adjusted and stamped so far back as August of last year, and that two marks were then put upon them, one of which had since been worn out, the other remaining. These facts were seemingly proved to the satisfaction of the bench, who, however, acquitted the inspector of having wilfully and maliciously ignored them. They had not been properly recorded „rtino nn.l 1,„ .viJr-l.f fn, f 1, „ euinstance altogether after so great a lapse of time. Such appeared to be tho opinion of the bench, for the case was dismissed with an implied ccnsure on tlio public officer impugned, for having failed in re gularity in tho matter of book-keeping. We have been requested to draw attention to the feet that a porformanco will bo given at tho Theatro Boyal, on Wednesday next, for the benefit of the Melbourno Bonevolont Asylum. An illustration of tlie consequence of gambling ill public-houses was afforded in tho case of Leete v. Richey, tried in the New Court yesterday. The parties, farmers at Carlsruhe, mot in a hotel at that place in June last, and agreed to stake cheques of £5 each, to be taken up by tho winner of tho first five games of ' Forty-five.' The quarrel rose as to the title to tho stakes. There was some rather rough language, and tho plaintiff got a black eye , which seems to have put a stop to a negotiation with the Colonial Bank for leasing some premises at Kyueton, inasmuch as he could not appear before the directors with a disfigured countenance. Tho testimony was conflicting, and afforded opportunity for some forensic fun. Domages were laid at £500, bat the jury considered £20 sufficient. A deputation from tho fanners resident in tho neighborhood of Baldon, Little River, introduced by the hon. C. J. Jenner, M.L.C,, and Mr Richardson, M.L.A., waited upon the hon. tho Commissioner of Ijands and Survey, yesterday, for the purpose of presenting a petition signed by between forty and an y lanners, praying mat a piece ot land, about twenty-five acres in extent, lying botweon the common and tho river, might not be gazetted for sale, because, if alienated, there would bo no access for the cattle depastured on tlie common to the river, except by trespassing on Mr Cliimsido's pro perty. The land, as yet, has only been surveyed, but not proclaimed for sale. Mr Hcales, after hear ing the deputation, said he would withhold the land from sale in tho meantime, but solely on the ground that it afforded the only means of access to a per manent supply of water in tho summer season. It is suggested by tho Maryborough Advertiser that, in casting about for auxiliary sources of revenue willi which to cover any deficiency which may bo presented at tho end of the present year, the Treasurer would do well to turn his attention to an income tax 011 absentees. ' We believe,' says tho above journal, 'that such a proposition would be popular, and that a tax of this kind would bo just and equitable in its character, and beneficial and , product ivo in its results. It should be leviod on the ?dividends payable to tho extra-colonial holders of debentures, bank stock, and shares in public com panies, no less than on the rents accruing from real property in the colony, and payable to persons re siding outside its limits. The amount annually drained from Victoria by absentees would probably startle those who havo hitherto paid no attention to the subject ; and there is no conceivable reason why these absentees should be any longer exempted from contributing their quota towards sustaining tho burdens of the State. On the contrary, tho State ha3 an undoubted right to exact something from them in return for the security it guarantees to the owners of all property, and for tlio protection it affords to such property ogaiust foreign assault and domestic rapine.' A new edition of ' Robinson's Pocket Map of Vic toria' has just been published by Messrs Charl wood and Son. The map appears to bo vory care fully drawn and all the details are accurately marked. Accompanying tho map there is a key containing the names of nil the principal towns in tho colouy, together with their ilistanco from Melbourne, and other useful information. It will be found to be an almost invaluable pocket companion to travellers. Several cases of scarlet fever are reported to have occurred at Ballaarat lately, and to still exist. As tho disease is contagious, it may be as well to state that by a recent decision in England, quoted in tho Medical and Surgical Review for October, persons conveying tho contagion, oithor personally or by their children, to other people's houses, are liablo for damages if sued at law. A speoial meeting of the St. Clare Lodge of Vic toria, Scotch constitution, was held in the lodge room, St. Patrick's Hall, yesterday evening, for the purpose of being presented with their charter from the Grand Lodge of Scotland, which was re ceived by the Provincial Grand Lodge by the last mail from England. In tho absence of tho Right Worshipful Provincial Grand Master, Brother W. C. Haines, tho Right Worshipful Provincial Grand Master, Deputy Brother (Professor) Wilson, who wus accompanied oy me omcers 01 we .provincial Gland Lodge, in an eloquent speech, presented the charter to tho Right Worshipful Master of tho Lodge, Brother Stokes, who made a suitable reply. The Right Worshipful Master aftorwards entertained the officers of the Provincial Grand Lodge and other members of the masonic fraternity at a banquet in the Port Phillip Club Hotel in celebration of the occasion. Several of the officers and brethren of the Military Lodge in connection with tlie 50th Regiment, on board the Himalaya, had been invited to be present at the banquet, but were unable to attend in consequence of their celebrating tho pre sentation of colors, which took 'place during the day. The assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Vic toria met in the Rev. I. Hetherington's Church, Collins street, yesterday evening. Besides the members of the assembly, there wa3 a very largo attendance of the laity. The retiring Moderator, the Rev. D. Macdonald, preached an eloquent dis course from the latter clause of the third verse of the General Epistle of Jude. After religious ser vices, the assembly proceeded to the election of a Moderator for the ensuing year. Dr. Cairns moved that the Rev. S. Kelso, of Portland, bo elected. The motion was seconded by the Rev. I. Hetherington, and unanimously agreed to. Tho newly-elected Moderator then fervently acknow ledged the honor that had been conferred upon him. The Rev. A. B. Todd, on a visit from New Zealand, was, on the motion of Dr. Cairns, admitted as member of the assembly for the present session. The assembly will meet again, to-day, at eleven o'clock, when the communion will bo dispensed by the Rev. D. Macdonald, ex-Moderator, to mem bers of the assembly, and others ministers and elders of the church, who may be present. On Sunday, roligious services will be conducted before the assembly in tlie same place. The Rev. A. Simpson, of Leigh, will officiate in the forenoon j the Rev. A. Robertson, of Castlemaine, in tho after noon ; and the Rev. A. J. Campbell, of Geelong, in the evening. We understand that the Moderator will conduct religious services in St. George's Church, Collingwood (tho Rev. J. Caldwell's) on Sundav. According to a return laid before tho Sandridge Council, last evening, the present rateable value of the property within that borough, amounts to £38,911. On the previous year, its value was set down at £33,965, by which it will bo seen that it has inoreased in one year to the extent of £1916. A meeting of the Collingwood Lodge of Free masons,' No. 727, English Constitution, was held last evening, in the lodge room, Swan Hotel, Ger trude street, for the installation of Brother John Edwards, younger, M.L.A., as Worshipful Msster. Tho ceremony was performod in a very impressive manner by Brother (Dr.) St. John Clarke, D.P.G.M., assisted by Brothers Past Masters Moody, Grafton, Hackett, Johnson, Walhvorth, Child, Marshall, and P.S.G.W. Roso, Irish Constitution. The installation was afterwards celebrated by a sumptuous banquet in the Swan Hotel. Tho members of tho Loyal Orange Institution of Victoria celebrated the anniversary of the 5th of November, last night, by a banquet at the Pro tostuut Hull, Stephen street ; the brotherhood appearing in full regalia, and numbering over 100. The chair was occupied by Grand Master Cole, supported on his right by Br. J. Phair, P.M., nnd J. Reilly, P.M ; on the left by Br. Hinds and Mr Cone. The denutv chair was. in tho absence of the Deputy Grand Master, occupied by Br. Joshua Cowoll, supported by Brs. Girvin and Roberts. After dinner was partaken of, the usual loyal and characteristic toasts were given. Several songs were introduced during intervals, by members of the order ; nnd, at half-past eloven, the assembly quietly broke up, after spending what evidently ap peared to be a pleasant evening. ' In thunder, lightning and in rain,' if dramatic, is not propitious to the filling of theatres. Tho Haymarket suffered from the tempestuous state of the weather last night, still tho house was a respect able and a highly appreciative one of the splendid effort of Mr ICean in Hamlet, and of Mrs Keau to elevate the Quoeii mother into the first rank of parts. The ' Merchant of Venice' will be repeated this evening. If ' She Stoops to Conquer' is not in the highest rank of comedy, it is one of the dramatic evergreons, perennial in its freshness and the power to please. It is now fast verging on a century since Oliver Goldsmith — in fear and trembling — for those were the days in which plays were, and the filling up thereof something to affright the creative mind — took the town by storm, ran to the end of the season and far into a frcsli one with this hearty old English comcdy. It was a grand testimony that Ursa Major, even tlio great Dr. Johnson unbent, declaring that ho knew 'Of no comedy for many years that has so much exhilarated an audience, that has amused so many — tho groat end of ? comedy — making an aitdienco merry.' Could tho gruff doctor, with tho locomotive power of Hamlet's ghost, have visitod terra Jinna, or tho precincts of tho Theatre Royal last night, ample testimony woidd he have found in the honest laughter of a Victorian public to please his critical truth and flatter his prophetic soul. Comody is not tho strong ground of the Theatre Royal, yet was the dramatic niastor piece of Goldsmith onacted last night with a truth nnd freshness ono could hardly hope ifor oft a very Belect corner of tho metropolitan stage. The cast was efficient aud effective. Mrs Robert Hoir, as Miss Hardcastle, displayed her usual intelligence in tho portraituro of a great man's conccption, adding her own natural and graceful lilling up of tho outline. Mr Heir was gentlomanly nnd spirited in l'oung Marloio ; and Mr Ireland a fair Hastings. Wo should havo liked Miss Roso Edouin's Constantia Arevills mush better had she been a little more subdued in her rebellion lo Aunt Hardcastle — the latter in tlie hands of Mrs Alfred Phillips a very respectable representa tion of a traditionary aud familiar stage f«oo. The Tony Lumpkin of Mr W. AadrewH was suffioiently natural and Goldsmithian to have trusted to his own evident powers, without resort to very ancient business and ' gaggery.' Mr Andrews would do well to read, with reflection, a certain sj-eech in 'Hamlet,' and to take our word for it, if ho does no more, that ho will not find tho elegant phrase ' Hook it,' in any page of Oliver Goldsmith. Mr Lambert's Hardcastle had tho raro merit of being like a gentleman, and it would have suffered nothing in dramatic merit had it been a trifle more peppery and snggestivo of an old English squire treated as an innkeeper. The whole comedy was evidently heartily relished, and as warmly applauded, by a house a little thinner than has been the nightly wont for some time past. ' She Stoops to Conquer,' will be repeated to night. 