TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Bill for providing for the payment of a new detachment of military, in accordance with the Sec-<*> retary of State's despatch, passed its second reading on Thursday. The amount of £6,880 was agreed to. thus enabling the Government to have two companies if necessary; but it is understood that at present at any rate that number will not be required or ordered. Thursday was a very unpleasant day. Besides being hot the wind was very boisterous, and carried with it clonds of dust, which found its way here, there, and everywhere. Black coats, that looked nice and genteel in the early morn, were soon changed into a dingy brown; shops, offices, and all places of business were visited by the unwelcome intruder ; in fact everybody and everything were metamorphosed from cleanliness to dirtiness. The dust-storm lasted all the morning, but a change took place in the after noon. After a little thunder and a few drops of rain the atmosphere became cooler, and the weather wa* much pleasanter. The sailing of the Coorong was postponed till to- day in consequence of the storm. The Horticultural Society's Rose Show on Thurs day was really excellent. The weather prevented mauy visiting it in the day time; but a large number of visitors attended in the evening, when a band played some choice pieces of music. We give a report elsewhere. Thursday's Gazette contains the new rules and regulations for the maintenance and discipline of tbe Volunteer Force, which rules will continue in fores fjt the next three years. The same paper contains another proclamation directing that the 42nd clause of the Impounding Act of 1858 shall be in force in tbe Township of Naime. The following appointments appear in Thursday*. Ghazette: —James Malcolm, Esq., of Kadina, to "be one of Her Majesty's Justices of t!ie Peace. Local Court of Adelaide—Mr. Benjamin Bullock to be Second Clerk and Receiver of Fines and Fees, etc* Doddridge; Mr. John Mann to be Third Clerk, vice Bollock, promoted. Crown Lands Department— Mr. Henry S. G-lennie to be Sub-Inspector of Sheep from Ist instant, inclusive; Mr. T. Warriner to ba Town and Suburban Inspector of Sheep from the 19th instant, inclusive. Water Police—William Henry Birt to be constable from October 20, 1863, vice XfillAa, resigned. The following alterations have been made in the Volunteer Force:—The Governor-in- Cbief has ac cepted the resignation of Lieutenant de N. Laces, of the 40th Regiment, as Lieutenant and Sub-Instructor on the Staff of the Volunteer Military Force, and promoted Drill-Instructor George Slater to the rank of Lieutenant and Sub-Instructor on the Staff, vie* Lucas, resigned.—The resignation of Mr. John CU-zy, jun., is accepted as Captain of the Kairne Rides* which company, having fallen below the authorised minimum strength, if disbanded, and the members, thereof who are desirous of continuing their services as volunteers ere formed into a detachment of the Mount Barker Rifles. The newly-appointed directors of the Adelaide Mine held their first meeting on Thursday, at the Norfolk Arms. Four applications for the oflkce of captain were considered, and the appointment was conferred on Mr. Peter Hooper, who has lately arrived from England, per Adamant, bringing first-class testimonials. We believe that, although, the ultimate arrangement* for working the gold are not perfected, it U intended to continue driving on the coarse of the gold, using every precaution to save all the auriferous gossan. We understand that there are now two splendid lodes open in the West Kanmantoo Mine, and the ore produced is very good. In the Parings Mine, also, some first-rate copper ore is being raised. The Bremer Mine and Mr. Hillmau's mine, near Naime, are, we understand, both looking welL The Milang rifle match was fired yesterday. Th? full report will be forwarded in time for our publica tion to-morrow. The Daily News of August 26 publishes in full Mr. McCalman's letter to Mr. Milne, as published in the Advertiser of June 26, on the cultivation of flax in South Australia. Yesterday we had the pleasure of seeing a besu tifully-ezecuted statuette bust of Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales. It is executed iv pariau marble, and judging from the best portraits of Her Royal Highness, we should think the likeness c good. one. It may be seen at the Exchange. Now that the " Ghost" illusion bas been intro duced into Adelaide, our readers will be interested in the perusal of a simple though scientific explanation of the " mystery," reorinteil in our present number from the AortA British Daily Mail. It is well worth reading. It will be seen from an advertisement in our busi ness columns that the Rev. Mr. Manghan will shortly deliver a very interesting publio lecture. The theme chosen is the Philosophy of Light, and to judge from the syllabus an exceedingly illustrative and interesting discourse may be looked for. Bat it is not only from, the syUabos that we jadge—Mr. Maugban stands unsurpassed in tins colony as a popular lecturer, and we have no doubt that a numerous audience will testify to the appreciation in which the lecturer is deservedly held by all classes of the community. The public distribution of the prizes awarded to the scholars of the Hindmarsh-gquare Congregational Sabbath-school took place in their usual plaoe of worship in Hindtnareh-scjuare <ra Wednesday evening, October 2L The number present on the occasion including the scholars and their parents and friends must have been between 150 and 200. The pastor of the church opened the proceedings in a few appro* priate remarks ; after which the late Superintendent (Mr. Scrymgour, sen.) addressed the mp^ting-^ explaining the reasons which led to bis resignation, after having held the office for a considerable time, during which period it appeared, from the remarks of subsequent speakers, he had earnestly devoted his energies to the advancement of the scholars. Mr. S- Whitmore then addressed the children in a pleasant strain, inculcating some useful precepts and example* worthy of being followed by the scholars. He coa cluded by urging upon the parents the importance of supporting the Sabbath-school, pointing out ita usefulness and the beneficial results of Sunday-school training in after life. Mr. G. Scryrogour, juo, also urged the claims of the Sunday-school upon the parents of the children. Their presence there that evening gave them much pleasure, end he remarked, be did not know of b pleasanter eight than that afforded by the presence of the Sunday-school chil dren. He asked for sympathy and support, and expressed a hope that the friends of the school would show their sympathy, not merely in words, bat in deeds. The children then sung the beautiful little hymn beginning "We sing of the realms of the blest." The interesting ceremony of distributing the prizes was then performed by the Rev. Mr. Cox, who made a few appropriate remarks as be delivered the books to the various recipients. After th? Doxology had been sung the meeting closed. The drama founded on the story of "Susan Hopley" was produced at the Victoria Theatre on Thursday evening. There was a limited attendance. The drama itself is very poor, and the whole of it point* at two scenes —the one at the end of the first act, in which Susan sees in a dream the murder of ber master and brother; the other at the end of the last act, in which the ghost of her brother appears to confound the murderers and clear Susan's character. These two scenes were managed by the aid of the new " ghost" apparatus. In the first the back of the stage opens—the house being in complete darkness—and shews the room in which the fatal deed is committed. The spectral murderers advance to a visionary bed in which the master of the bouse is lying, their knives glitter in the light, and the murder is done; the lad Andrew, Susan Hopley's brother—another illusion— attempts to save his master, and be is murdered at well. The scene then instantly vanishes and Susan awakes. Again in the end of the last act the ghost of Andrew appears to Susan's passionate call, and she rushes towards it and passes through the figure. These were the first exhibitions of the new "ghost" apparatus in Adelaide, and though there were unde niable hitches in the performance—inseparable, doubtless, from a first trial—there is no doubt of the valuable adjunct thus provided for the representation of the supernatural element on the stage. Other plays will be produced during the nine nights over which Mr. WoUaston's engagement extends, which will better develops the usefulness of this clever invention. The performances concluded with the capital farce of ? The Dead Shot." The ww piece* will bt produced tbu mofafi 