THE duty again devolves upon us of making known a want, increasing in its urgency daily, not only in the town of Maryborough but inthe adjacent district. The expediency, nay the absolute necessity,of establishing a Market for the public sale of agricultural, dairy, and garden produce, is continually being forced on our notice,and tome people go so far as to attribute personal motives to those whose duty it is to bring the subject under consideration, but who, with an iudiffereace almost amounting to perversettaai, continue to disregard it. A whole choal of arguments can be adduced in favor of the ublic benefits to be derived from a Market, EUL we confess to be utterly unable to discover one solitary reason against them, of course on public grounds. The farmer has now to go to the miller or consumer to Bell hie grain under a bargain that must be exclusive. No means are afforded him byopen competition to establish a rate of prices, acknowledged to be so essential among men of business. Fancy methods of measuring grain by tbe weighing system are adopted and hare a tendency in s genera! sense to mislead. Imperial measure* are discarded, and ft bushel of wheat must weigh sixty pounds, whilst a superior sample might turn the scale of sixty-eight you nds,lnrttbe bushel is called a bushel, we imagine, all to same. This does not seem to us to square with the principles of £air competition, iff to qualify. A market that would bring 1 together the producers of the district around, on a given day in tbe week, wojild have the effect of regulating all these discrepancies, and would afford an opportunity such as ours. 'Prices would be known, and purchasers as well as sellers could make their arrangements certain wd convenient, which we defy them to do imder the pr^sent •ystem. People who have money to spend would know where to go fot * choice of what they need, .WtteiftM now but little choice ia affop&d; Ifigfit, £ii4 as to aome Articles of consumption, it is difficult to disoover where to obtain Hum at all. There need be no extravagant out* lav in furnishing A building or other place of exchange M to corn for iautince. No line Temple of Commerce need be and it canuot be difficult to deterr' a place iu JIv^'" oonstwe; " tjieaf eves of the certainty of a plentiful ^upply of produce of all kinds. Go out of -ite town which way vou will, either by the cultivated j)lots at Bung Uoug, the pretty and £|rtS|e ^^I^ofM'CulloJn's Wo|lc,tiiofiroad ffirtl of Carisbrook aM Moolort, or • ^triying gardens ond^gHumdi ^on the Bet-Bet, plenty of cvidJSnce will be given to the eye alone that the a apply to a tnarket' would be atople, whilst, as month Buececds mouth, stocks of all kinds, including poultry,—involving useful and wholesome supply of eggs,—increase and multiply around us. « It is not to be supposed,—at least we find it extremely difficult to suppose,—that there is any valid objection to establishing a Maryborough corn, hay, and general market There iB no town in England of any consequence at all that has not its weekly or Triweekly market dave, Hundreds of towns that never had a dream, even of one inhabitant, of sending a ghost of a member to represent them in the Imperial Parliament(let alone two), hold and cherish their markets as the cream of the week; the commercial hebdomadal gem of their existence. A market- day in an English* town, especially in the glorious autumn, is a sight tj see. The farmer, witi», his ruddf -fiice, healthf eye and firm ^ait; the dealer or higgler, in his cart with his " missis,*' and the ducks and the turkeys craning out of the coops and cackling noisily; the stalls covered with golden butter, on the whitest of cloths, attended by applecheeked damsels iu the whitest of aprons : fruit, Kerbs, cheeses, vegetables, suckingpigs (very white also) ; fish (in the coast towns), are the nerer-failing concomitants of tue markets, certainly once a week. There, too. is seen the corn-dealer on a large scale, the maltster, brewer, cheese-monger, all ready to trade upon the advantages afforded by choice, and the certainty of commodities to deal in. Is there any reasonable negative to the question why such advantages should not be afforded here ? Is there any reasonable doubt but that titer would be felt as benefits to all alike ? We deny altogether the hypothesis that individual tradesmen would be damaged, and assert, on the contrary, that a market would do them good, not only by bringing people from a distance with certain supplies at s a stated time, but by encouraging buyers to attend also. A very moderate scale of dues would suffice to par for tbe necessary outlay, and for keeping" the place fixed upon in proper order and safety. The gentlemen who have the management of the affairs of the town, will do well to take the necessity of establishing a market here into their serious consideration. The admirably drawn report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Municipal and Charitable Institutions of Victoria states—"The markets of Sandhurst and Castlemaine are in a -very flourishing " condition, and bring a- great accession to " the trade of these towns." The following question was put to the Chairman of the Municipality of Castlemaine:—"Do you think it generally ad- " visable to establish a market in a town ?" This was the answer:—" There is one great "prejudice that the ratepayers in almost " every municipality have had at first, more " especially those who are storekeepers, and "little dealers who have places of their " own. They say immediately, ' His mar- "*ket must ruin my business,* But I " think that is a very narrow 1 idea to take " ot it, and that has been confirmed in " Castlemaine where the market has been a " great success, and a very considerable " source of revenue." That is proof positive of wttat has been done, and tbe following question , put to the fame gentleman, with liisanswerappended,way givesome idea, by comparison, of what may be done here:— " Does the market do the town a substan- " tial good F—Yes ; more than anything we " have got. All tbe little market gardeners " come from Buliock Creek to Cagtlemaine, " although it is much nearer to Sandhurst " than it is to CasUemaiue, and thus they " get their money in return; and from " Forest Town and Tarrsngower (Maldon) " and very often from Daylesford, the peo- " pie come into town here." But we go beyond the benefit likely to accrue to the town, and repeat the Distinct will be healthily affected, if what we are arguing for be carried out. It will be impolitic and short-sighted of our storekeepers sod other tradesmen to offer an opposition, and we take leave to say that unless some steps be taken to set the scheme afoot, it will be an omission the consequences of which time will assuredly cause us to fed severely, 