LYCEUM THEATRE. The spectral drama of "The Haunted Life" v,-a= repeated at the theatre, la=t evening, to a j laraer audience than usually attends on raining j night?, and this may fairly be set down to the I excellence of the piece. The story of 11 The j Haunted Life" may be shortly stated thus: hi": Guawlwio. Mrs. 11 ill. a magician's wife, i elopes with Ernest Tempie, -Mr. Vinson, a gentle man. Guamluno pursues and overtakes them and kills bis wife, and is in turn killed by Temple. The ghosts of the murdered couple appear imine- | diately after, and Temple is haunted continually with the visions, and this renders his life wiser- ! able The ;e occurrences happen in Mexico. The : next act is laid in London, where Temple. under i tiie assumed name of Ihirdin^ton, marries iJllimi, j Mrs. Ilill.- The marriage is an unhappy one. j Major C'tillhorpe. a brother of Guuwbnc:, learns ; that Temple is the murderer of his brother, and j in revenge he entices Lillian to elope with him. I The erring pair fly to Mexico, whether they are I pursued by Temple, who meets his wife alone, and after upbraiding her for her faithlessness, stabs her to the heart, and then drags her body to the very spot, a wild looking place among the rocks by the sea, where the skeletons of Guaiiilint'i and his wife lie bleached and ghastly. He is ob served, and while sitting by the murdered Lillian Calthnrpe. and a friend disturb his musings. A fearful duel takes place, the left arms of C'<il(horpe. and Temple are bound together, and with dagger in their right hands each seeks the others life. I Callhorpe is killed, and immediately the ghosts of the murdered Calthnrpe appears, exclaiming, " ha, ha, ha. the haunted life," 'Temple, in his despair, rushes upon the horrible vision, a terrible struggle takes place, which makes the flesh creep, the unearthly visitant grasps Temple by the throat with an awful grip and casts him off, be staggering a lew paces and then falls dead. Mr. Vinson realists the idea of a man haunted with the vision of IiN victims, and of an uneasy conscience, with a truthfulness that makes one shudder. Mrs. Hill, she always does, acted her character well. Mr. Hill, as Tomkiitx, a ser vant of the magician, anil his wife Airs. Tomitim (Mrs. Cox), whose fear of the magician and ghost enable them to throw a considerable amount of fun into the play, elicited hearty laughter. lit the third act the Leopold Brothers and Fraulein Fannie introduced a very pretty Spanish dance, using the castinetts. The company were highly successful in the comic ballet of " Amorosa." To-night the same performances will he repeated. To-morrow evening the celebrated champions of the ring, Mat. Hardy and Alf. M'Laren, will take a benefit at the theatre. "# NEW INSOLVENT.-George Bee Shakspeie, Heathcote, butcher. Debts, £2219 6s. 1 Oti *. assets, ,£2220 4s 4d.; surplus, 17s. 6d. Official assignee, Mr. Wood. A OJIICK.KTJSK*S CO.NU.NBBUM.-Why are the expected English cricketers bad players, and do net represent the talent of England? Because someof them are sorry (Surrey) cricketers, and they are all under Par(r). [The above is supposed to be the production of an escaped lunatic. De tective O'-Neil is on the look out.] 