REGAL LIFE. The Queen, after rising at about seven and attending service at the chapel, takes breakfast, looks al the newspaper, visits her children, and then affairs of State occupy her till about noon. The public affairs of the nation at an end, the Queen now receives visitors, who have either been specially in- vited, or persons who have been honored with her " commands'' to attend at the Pa- lace. Among these latter are artists and publishers, who have rare and novel works to show to her Majesty, or her likeness to take; persons entrusted with presents for the avairy; foreigners with spe- ial introductions from their own sove- reigns ; tradesmen with articles which the Queen is desirous of purchas- ing, and so forth. After these folks have been dismissed, the Royal family take their lunch at which the Queen eats and drinks heartily. The horses and carriages are then brought to the door, and her Majesty either rides or drives out for three or four hours, frequently taking the oppor- tunity of visiting some of the nobility, the Duchess of Cambridge, the Duchess of Inver- ness, or even (in the country) poor, but worthy people, who are confined by sickness. Her Majesty's kindness to the suffering of her own sex is proverbial. It is on record, that when Mrs. Warner, a tragic actress of excel- lent character, was ill of a disease which ultimately carried her to hor grave, tbe Queen sent a carriage every day that she might have the advantage of pure air. On her return home the Queen spends an hour in her private boudoir or library, aud then dresses for dinner. A dinner at the Palace has always been a very stately, dreary, te- dious affair. The table service is, of course, | superb -- gold plate, Sevres porcelain, alabas- ter vases, flowers, brilliant chandeliers, ser- vants in scarlet coats and powdered heads, a military band performing in an ante-room, and many ladies and gentlemen at table in full-dress costume. A profound silence reigns throughout the meal, only broken by the voice of the Queen addressing herself to ono or other of the guests, who are expected to limit themselves to a direct reply. General conversation is carried on in whispers only. A great variety of wines are drunk at the royal table. After dinner the party adjourns to the drawing-room, and there the Queen casts aside all ceremony, and gives herself up to innocent pleasures, and the promotion of the enjoyment of her guests and family. If the party be not large, a chamber concert or a dance is improvised, the Queen herself taking a prominent part in the singing and dancing. The objects of interest to the stranger in the suit of drawing-rooms are numerous, and the Queen is not slow to invite attention to and explain them -- a hos- pitable office, in which she is cordially sus- tained by the princes and princesses and the ladles and noblemen of the household. There are magnificent vases; statues of marble, bronze, and alabaster; glorious pic- tures by the first masters, ancient and modern ; portfolios of engravings, musical Instruments, curious articles of vertu, &c.; All is life and abandon. At half-past eleven, or earlier, the Queen retires, gracefully curtseying to the company, the ladies-in waiting and the Lady guests acknowledging the obeisance by sinking to the very ground. \-- Mr. Siddons in the Atlantic Monthly for April. Vaccination -- Mr. N. B. Ward, of the Ferns, Clapham Rise, writes to the Times: -- " Having been a vaccinator of the National Vaccine establishment for forty years, and having during that period vaccinated above 43,000 persons, I feel justified in expressing my entire conviction that vaccination pro- perly performed is as effectual a preventive of small-pox as small-pox itself is. Two points of inquiry have always engaged my attontion -- the one as to the occurrence of small-pox after vaccination, and the other as to the number of persons re-vaccinated. The information given me can, of course, only he considered as approximate to the truth ; but I believe that less than a hundred cases of secondary small-pox (none of them fatal) have taken place, and that not more than 3000 out of tho 43,000 havo been re-vaccinated, proving to my mind most satisfactorily the delusion of the idea that the protective powers of vaccination are dimin- ished or worn out in tho course of time. I have no faith in limited protection, or limited liability, and have always imagined that one perfect vaccination was sufficient, but, inasmuch as one cannot always be aware of disturbing causes, which might in- terfere with its efficiency, it is, I think, de- sirable to have a second vaccination to test the security of the first. But it is of no mo- ment whether such second vaccination takes place after the lapse of a fortnight, or of any given number of years. Should the second vaccination present the usual modified condi- tions observable after successful vaccination, the patient, I believe, never requires the operation to be again performed, but is safe for life." Anchors and Chain Cables. -- The bill in- troduced into thc House of Commons hy Mr. Laird and Sir J. Elphinstone for regulating tho proving and sale of chain cables and anchors ia designed to afford to shipowners protection against fraud, and chock the salo of unsound articles. It will also give addi- tional protection to our sailors, passengers, nnd emigrants, and its tendency will be to di- minish shipwreck, consequent loss of lifo and property, and nlso tn reduce premiums on in surnnco against sen risks. Admiral Dundas, commnnder-in-chicf in tbo Black Soa during tho Crimean war, officially reported the loss of thirty largo transports on tho momorahlc 14th November, through being ill-found with deficient anchors and cables, whereby tho safety of our armies was jeopardised. It is also worthy of remark that no such casualty occurred to any of tho ships of tho royal navy furnished with proved cables and an- chors. The same remark applies to tho care- fully equipped steam transports belonging to tho Cunard Company, tho Peninsular and Oriental Company, tho West India Mail Com- pany, &c.;, ftc. The Shipping and Mercantile Gazette in ono week last Decomber actually rooorded no less than 190 shipping disasters on our own coast wholjy arising from defec- tive cables and anchors. Tho bill is not intended to have a rotrospoctivo effect, but to apply to all new British sailing and steam vessels engaged in tho coasting, foreign, or colonial trade, registered on and after tho 1st January, 1864. London Bells.?There aro certain bells still remaining in London, notwithstanding tho Great Fire, which havo historical notes. That, for instance, nt tho top of tho Bell Towor which adjoins tho governor's lodgings in tho Tower, whieh was probably tolled at tho execution of Lady Jane Grey, Anno Boleyn, and other Stato prisoners, and pro- bably sounded alarms of firo and other cala- mities in early days. This hell seems to have boen moro particularly used by tho Towor authorities than that in St. Poter's Church, which stands noar tho spot whoro the scaffold was usually erected. Tho bolls of St. Bartholomew's, Smith-Sold, aro old, and woro probably rung when tho Court had como to tho tournaments and joustinp. at Smithfield. With tho oxcoption of West- minster Abbey, St. Saviour's, All- hallows. Barking, Cripplogatc, and Old St. Pancras, thora aro fow of tho ancient boll-towors of tho metropolis remain- ing. Sevorul of tho bells, however, may havo been saved from the ruins of tho fire. Thoro is also the boll of tho Charter House, which has tolled at the departure of a brothor from soon after tho death of Sir Thomas Sutton. Many will still remember that, while tho firo of tho second Royal Exchange was raging, tho solf-ncting bells played merrily tho tune of " There's nae luck about tho house," and | eventually foll with a crash amidst the blaz- ing ruins.?Builder. Reporting in Church.?3Iiioh excitement has been occasioned of lato in tho parish of Claydon, Suffolk, in consequence of ultra high church proceedings on tlio part of tho rector, tho Rev. G. Drury, who is assisted iu bis duties by a gentleman belonging to a society called tho "English Order of St. Benedict," and who signs himself "Brother Ignatius," although in moro quiet times he would havo been simply styled tho Hov. J. L. Lino. In consequence of tho hubbub created in tho villago, a roportor from tbo Ipswich Journal was sont ovor to tako notos of the proceedings at a mid-weekly service in the course of last wcok. " Brother Ignatius" oecupiod tho pulpit. Seeing tho reporter present (who appoars to havo given rather an outspoken narrative of previous perform nncos iu tho church), ho deprecated any notes being taken, on tho ground that what ho was about to say was for tho spiritual edification of those who hoard him, and not for publi- cation in newspapers. Tho reporter per- sisted in keeping bis noto book open, and proceeded to jot down tho reverend gentle- man's remarks as well as bo could nuder tho disadvantage of tbo vory imporfect light, which prevailed. Tho roctor (tho Rev. G. Drury) thon left tho chancel, took his seat immediately behind tho reporter, and com- menced a conversation which could he beard all ovor tho church, and effectually stopped tbo sermon, contending that tho roportor had no right to take notes, nor indeed to be pre- sent at all, as ho was not a parishioner. The roctor also charged bim witli interfering with tho service, nnd disturbing the congregation, although tho reporter lind been scrupulously quiet and ordorly in tho tooth of much provo- cation, banners carriod in a " procession" which had boen previously formed, having boon swung so as to prevent his scoing what was upon them, while woinon of tho laboring class bad attempted to snatch his noto book from bis hand, and struck his arni sharply when bo attempted to tako a note. Tho preacher refusing to proceed with bis sermon if notes wore taken, tho reporter put his noto bookin hispockot; but "Brothor Ignatius" said his mind lind been upset by what had taken placo, and ho could not preach Tho servico accordingly closod rather abruptly with a hymn. Extraordinary Shooting hy Captain Ross. ?Captain Hoss, tho renowned Scotch door stalker, lately made some extraordinary fino shooting at Astley Sloss.* Tho gallant enp tnin, it is said, bas boon for some timo past anxiously searching for thc best possiblo duseription''of riflo, mado, regardless of its cost. Ho has at last chosan tho Milgo now match rifle, an improved gun recently brought ont by Edge of Blanchester. A party of gen- tlemen, consisting of Captain Ross, Captain Heaton, Mr. Edge (tho inventor and manufac- tures of tho rifle), Sergeant Kemp, and Ser- geant Walsh, proceeded to Astley Moss for the purpose of trying tho weapon. Notwithstand- ing that the trial took p'ace during tho preva- lence of a fog, and iu a drizzling rain, Captain Ross nstonislicd all hy his extraordinary shooting. In ton successive shots, nt a fiOO yard runge, ho plnced tho ball six times within a contro of six square indies, and tho wholo of thc ton shots within a contro of twclvo inchos. Tho gallant Captain soomed soniuwhat to havo astonished, himself ovon, for ho was heard expressing himself much delighted and much ploased with tho per- formance of tho riflo. Wc understand that ho is proceeding to tlio Hytho School of Mus- ketry, whore, with this now match rifle, it is anticipated that ho will register somo still moro astonishing shots.?Liverpool Mercury. Astronomy op tub Invisiule.?A fow months ago 31. Levorricr informed the Acudomio des Scionccs thnt wo should havo to augment our estimate of the earth's innss by ono-tcnth, or diminish by ono-tonth tbe mass of tho sun; his reason buing that other- wise no explanation could be offered of certain observed perturbations in our orbit, For himself, bo inclined to tho augmentation of tho earth, and this in tbo shape of a ring of aerolites, thu nnaloguo of Saturn's ring. 31. Foiicnult shortly after arrived at a different conclusion. In two former nuinbors of this magazine we gavo an account of his important discovery that thc velocity of Light" is less than was supposed?a discovery which must alter almost all astronomical calculations, and among them that of thc distance of tlio sun from tlio earth, and tho weight of thc sun itself. Tho distanco being thus diminished by a thirtieth, tho woigbt is diminished hy a tenth. Is it not piquant to reflect thnt by tho property of an imponderable, tbo weight of a mighty planet may ho determined. Whether the weight of tho earth or tho sun bu altered, is not our present object. Why aro wo to conclude tho existonco of important facts morely becauso slight perturbations aro observed in the orbilof a planet? His one of tho triumphs of Science to foresee?not simply to sou unborn consequences, but to assert tho vision of invisible existence. Bessel is the creator of tho astronomy of tbo invisible; and tho creation promises to bo fruitful. Ito was oecupiod with Sirius?that sun which is incomparably larger than our own, which in ancient days burned with a brilliant red, and iu our days is admired for its brilliant whito. Bessel, comparing tho observations recorded during a hundred yours with thoso of tho constellations Taurus, Orion, and the Twins, noticed a certain move- ment of oscillation peculiar to Sirius. From this ho boldly concluded that Sirius wns Buhjeet to tho gravitating influence of a largo mass of invisible matter, probably a planet. Tho planot could not ho seen with thc naked oyo, nor with tho best telescope. But Scienco saw it, and would persist in seeing it, should its lieht novor reach our globe. To some moro cautious minds this conclusion seemed very hazardous. Even Humboldt justed with Bessel about bis planetary ghosts. A disciplo, however, Potois, whoso faith is creditable calculated tho orbit of this invisible planet, which bo found to ho a vory elongated ellipse, with an annual movement of sovon degrees, and a revolution of thirty years. Tho distance of this satellite from Sirius was estimated at a few seconds. In 18G2 an Ainorican astronomer, Mr. Alvan Clark, was blessed with tho first sight of this hitherto unseen planot; and its distanco was found to he tun seconds. Such remarkable confirmation of abstract provision naturally oxcitcd great rejoicing. Since then others havu seen tho planet, and its existence has become a vulgar fact. A second discovery of a similar kind is announced by Auncrs of Kbnisberg. Procyon, tho principal stnr in tho constellation of tlio Littlo Dog, is said by him to havo a satellite with an annual move mont of nine degrees, and a revolution of thirty yoars. Its distance is only two seconds. Doubtless wo shall hour of many such discoveries. But ono suffices to exhibit tho precision and extent of sweep which the methods of modern science admit. 3Iobe Geoorai-hical Blunders.?Wo find the following in a late number of tho Illus- trated Times :?" Tho bodies of three abori- gines, quito complete and perfectly petrified into stone, have recently been discovered in a stony creek, fifteen milos from Castlemaine, South Australia," _ 