THEATRICALS AND MUSIC IIIEAT1IE ItOTAL On Saturday niglit last it was announced (liot feveral ghoBts would nppenv nt tbis house, so that there wua a very numerous audienco. .Even good standing room was difficult to be liad, aud an txccllcnt play, aid equally excellent acting, were, notwithstanding their incritp, regarded uiuuit na mu pictu UIUI J3 piliyou ucIOru u pantomime — as Bomothing, in fact, to bo endurod lather than enjoyed. Matthew Ulmoro might be a much injured man— an excellent father, and full of tho kindliest »nd most bencvolont impulse/),— but tho e'ios!» had tho advantage of him, rn thli Oceanian nt least. Margaret waa a model daughter — a glri worthy of an Emperor's love— a woman at all paints true, conaUut, ai.d. sclf-devotcd; but all her good qualities wtro as nothing in I no Bcale, when weighed against the attraction of the speoires. Even I.afoin'a villany seemed less black than ordinary , — Jean Huso's humour less contneioun, mid that of Manou less uuctnoua; thus incidentally deinonstraling tho truth, that tho full efftiot of any acting ti only to lie obtained by the rcqiilnlto amount of mental pre )itrcdocFS 011 the part of tho audience. Tho mind of every man and woman was aet upon tlia phost. ' Love's Sacrifice' wns nothing; Lovell, the nuthor, waa nothing; Sbakspenre hiiuaolf would havo been nothing, compared with tho (???out — which waa overything. Great, there fore, waa tho dl«appointment, when, at tha end of tho play, Mr. Sul livan ctimol fortvnrd nnri fW.lnrntl tlm nlinaf. non inventus, Tha law had been invoked, and tho powers spiritural had yielded to the powers Kr«1. For in this unpoctical ago, when cvory thiiig ia on 'i ran ted by a corninorciul standard, ghosts aro patonted, aud Mr. Sullivan gavo tho aiidiouoa to understand tU»t certain persons dcoming themselves entitled to the excluaivo possession of tha mode by whioh thonowlyin venterl wraith U summoned, had threatened the most terrih'o vengeance if their spociflc con juration wero imitated. This was tho official or riipluiuaUo announcement, and as It apparently HittBued tlioso to whom it wag addressed, it would bo euppoBod that nothing more wag necessary to be said about it; But thcro aro sorno people in this world who never will consent to take things for grantod. They »re always enquiring ffmattora way not really ba otherwise The lima light refused to flaro up, or tho angle of incidence in the riflecting surfaces could not be accurately obtained, or BOmo other of tha conditions necessary for the production of a fit»t class bogio, were unaccountably wanting and could not be supplied in time. Thus there in a choice of reasons why ' Twenty Minutos with the Spectres,' Rave plaeo to five minutes with nn explanation, and the different sections of the pablio, which, of course, never egreo meooe; themeelre;, can take which side of the question that is most agreeable to them. An-bow, we have heard no more of tho ghosts. Either tho law has proved too much for them, or the ' properties' have not been equal to the business of raising them, nnd so the legitimate perform ances have been undisturbed in their rnlo upon this stage. KOYAIi HATIIAnKEt, Here, however, the ghosts havo been in tho ascendant. They havo come and gone nt tho bidding ol their n.aster, with the meet exemplary obedience. Neither the terrors of the law, the insufficiency of illuminating powtr, nor the difficulty of adjusting the plato glaES, has inter fered to prevent their appearance. On Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, however, they wero baldly to be considered genuine spectres. They were not gbOEls in tho prcpor sen.'e. Tliey were only a- sort of penetralia mtntis made viaiblo, a kind of ocular prosopopeia; vnporoua thoughts condensed into the compass of form, nlbeit of an irsoiaterial nature. They partook more of tho poetical than the supernatural, and hence thoy failed to interest the audience, because averago audiences are not poetical; A. cilizen of reipectable ap pearanco, a man, no doubt, of excellent morel qualities, ^respeLted by his friends, revered by his family, nnd trusted by bis creditors, was urnrd to exclaim that it was ' very slow work' ; nud ho was quite right. It was uncommonly slow work, and, apart from tho interest which attaches to tho slightest thing with which the namo of Dickens is con nected, 'Tlie Haunted Man' would, in a drama-, tisod form, be an undoubted failure. For it is impossible to transfer to the stage Ihe exquieito imagery, tho charming conceits, the nirr, playful allusions, the delicate creations of tho fancy, wbich abound in tho works of our greatest novelist, without detriment to their effect. Tho highest excrclso of tho dramatic art, and the most intelligent implication of hialrlonlo power, combined with correct fceuery nnd appropriate mechanical appliances, could not realise nil that ia felt during a careful reading of any of Charles Dickcns's bo.ks. Tho absenco of any ono of these nrovi&oes; mutt, of nnnrAn. hn fnt.nl fn fhn production of oven a partially completo effect, and the excelicnco of Ihe other conditions can hardly componeato for tho lack of it. So that the estimable citizen atorcsud, had good, cause for expressing his weariness of tho play. And yet tb« playwright's work is not ill done: He has made perhaps ts much as was possiblo of tho difficult materials with which ho had to deal. Ho has not sacrificed tho parts of the stoiy to mere slago expediency ; he has preserved as much as possible of tho original, consistently with proper dramatio offoct. And, in respect of the aoling, it would be untrao to say iliat this ooudiilon was not very prafce worthlly fulfilled. Miss Lockhurt made of Mr. William Swldger'a wife, so lovablo a creature, that it caused ono to bo in raptures with universal womankind when sho was on tho slago. Tho sudden accession of ill-temper experienced by the student, and which caused him to be Bnnp all things, the most preposterous. How any man of sane mind could belmvo with Buch absurd un amlability, was totally nnaccouulablo until it was rccolloctod that the recent visit of old Red aw, who infocted everybody with unMniabllity, had rendorcd the student, for the time beinir, of unsound mind. It Is truo there aro men, or, at least, bcarB, in tho likeness rf mon, whom womanly softness and gentleness cannot tamo into kindness or persuade to gratitude, so that If tho sludent had really been ono of thcae, ho would have been no unreat creation, but a veri table likeness of many living things. To bo oandid,- there aro many womon who resombio Bomotliiog tho reverso of the beautiful picture presentod by Mlfs Lockhart. If wo wore in a violently cynical humour, we might soy that the numbor of thoso who do not rescmliln it, is gronter thnn that of thoBe who do. The raco of shrews will never be extin:t, and, therefore, that othor raco, composed of women liko Mrs. Milly Swidger— whom Mbs Lockbart so truthfully personates— ought all the more to bo prized. The wholeBex, however,owcsadcbt of gratitude to that lady for putting it in so favouraMo a light. Mr. Milno sustained the partofthoold man, fiwideer, sen., and though this most uroful actor lias takon many old men's parts before, ho ha? in none of them been more successful than in this. He teemed so very real an old man, and yet not too leal ; for there be some cctora who make every old man more or less a cripple, aurl who nro so eolicitpna nlinnt .-»._ji.-r ?- -11 .j.. required™ busirefs' of senility, that they forgot to bo natural. But Mr; Milno was all over tho fresh, genial, hearty, octogenarian. Ills voico waa that of a very old man, but it had none ol that carious falsetto quality about it, whloh ia occasionally deemed necessary to communicate appropriate efleet to parts whoso prominent attribute is that of extremo age. ' The child' was very life-like, and suggested not only care ful tuition, but not a llttlo of the groundwork of intelligence, whereon tuition may advantage ously operate. Maetor Wlllio Edwards possesses the elements of a good actor, if wo 'nay (uclga by this sample of his powers. If enreful training may ho allowed to havo any effect in developing latent histrionic talent, there Is no doubt that this young gentleman Is In excellent hands, so that a good deal may ho reasonably expected of him. Mr. Stownrt gavo a most excellent por irai» ur iuu lamer 01 aiargo lamuy, heairy with tho weight of many cares, but, nevertheless, ns light ol heark as in pocket. Ho reminded ono of thoso excellent lndividuala tbat nro seen on Sunday afternoons in tho outskirts of manufac turing towns, out for n Btroll with wives more ponderous than olfgant, and followed by se\ en or eight children, all under ten years of ago. Tho bit of divetting extr&vnganco; about refe ting to tho scraps of newspapers for impressive quotations, w«s represented with tho happiest humour, and constituted one of tho ngreeabla exceptions to tho otherwise quasi lugubrioua courso of Ihe piece. Indeed, bivo fur Mr. Tettcrby's domestic cxperienco, Including tho snow-halling.and Mrs. Swidger'aintenssly amiable qualities, tho dramntio version of ' The Haunted Man' would bo as tedious as college prayers at seven o'clock of a winlor'o morning. Altogether, therefore, the management acted discreetly in restoring oven socffele a piece as ' The Castlo Spectre' to its place in tho bills on Thursday night, for its ghosts nro real one?, and there is uiuiru uuu immier in ic onougn to appeaso tno appetite of iho most voracious eonsation gour mand. To-night there is to bo anothor change, and ' astounding offects.' PRINCESS I0EA.TBK, Hero, also, there hat been a ghost; and, though Iho law did not forbid its appearance, tome unlucky chance broke tho glass necessary for its production, fo thnr, on tho first niglit ot it) introdnction to the public, It vr»s shorn of its proportions as to its upper extremities. Hut there was plonty of extremely stimulating matter in tho piece, albeit the ghost was not fo frightfully apparont as the occislon demanded. For there woro murders, robberies, deeds of eon tiderablo violence, several most felon-like oharaotcrs, a pood deal of myntory, much dis appointment, Infinite bewilderment, and a grand sensation trial scene. And all this is just what might hnvo been oxpectod, seeing that Mr. Fnwcott hflB adapted it from ono of MIbs Uradden'B novols. No one, better than lie, knows what is likely to be tfTeotlvo on tho stage. Actors generally write the moat aotuWo plays, and the actablo plays that havo not been written by actors, bayo been submlttod to their most vigorous revision prior to representation. It U thus of ' Tho I.ady of Lyons,' of ' Money,' and of ' Ritheliou i' and that olhor excollont play, by tho samo author— to wit, 'Not So Had ns Wo Soein,' has never b-cn a popular ouo, Dimply because it did not enjoy the advantago of such rovisiou. Henco, it may very well bo supposed hat 'Tho Captain or tho Yultu'e,' though lacking sotno of tho qualities which tho strict rules of. dramailt compoiltion define as necesjary to a ported drama, is well suited to impress an audience, nnd to keep tho attention nllvo, from the rising ? of the curtain to its fall. Tho ghost, to be Bure, Is really not essential to tho story, an-l has the appearance ol being dragged in for cfloct. In deed, tho audienco teemed to bo divided in opinion as to what mission It fulfilled, somo assorting that it wns tho unquiet spirit of nn un fortunato mnn murdered by lire twin brotliors, and somo contending that It wia tho ' projectod shadow' of tho more ol jectlonublo twin, haunt ing ond pursuing tho other. Tho inoro rational viow appears to be that it wan tho inurdorod mrtn'a apparition, oomlng-as apparitions do oomo— to lake its rovenge upon the murdorers, -V continually frightening them. For a win tecs does not, in this instance, suggest Ik own necessity. Neither of the brothers is llkoly to be much alarmed nt tha 6hadow of the otlmr, for tbo inoro objectionable ot'tho two, murdois tho one who is a degreo or so lees objectionable, and bo voluntarily, puts himself In the position of being, In all liability, haunted by Iho ghOtt of a dead men, instead of tho oidoluii of a living ono. This, howover, Is a point whioh jnay bo lift for than as they arc represented. Galileo may be taken as a fair representative of this class. He insisted tbat Copernicus, Pythagoras, Aristotle, nnd that set, were mistaken, and bo upset pcopVo minds terribly by compelling them either fo unlearn all they had known, or to fight with him in di fence of their own theories, fe'omo of them did fight, and got tho better of him, that It, they cast him in prison and put him to the torture, which, though it did not refuto his argument?, had tho effect of silencing; him. Galileo has had many followers eioco his timo, nnd some of them were evidently at tho Tlioatro Itoynl last Saturday night, ior they refneed to accept tho explanation Hut Was ottered, and pritvo another, whioh they avowed to bo tho true one. They said that Iho law had really had nothinir to do' with Ihe non-appearance of tho gbosti, but tbat the apparatus would not work, settlement by . the and'enco*, whom it may interest to know that it is optional as to tho views they may. entertain ol the rrinccBS's ghost. Tho Btory itself, as nny be known to those who have read Miss Bradden's novel, is simple enough, aad consists of the perplexities arising out of the confusion of identity of the twin bro thers just alluded to. One i'b tha rnptnin 0' a ship, the other ia a highwajmtn. Tho captain marries, goei to set, stays away Beven years, during which, for Ecmc offence or other, he is Bent to tbo galleys at Toulon, and oomos back to find that Ms wifu has taken another husbnnd. He is murdered in his bed Iho first night of his retarn, arid his wif/is suspected of having killed him. nnd fliin rvpnf. fnrnm tht* rvpneTm* fnr fttn sensation tiinl jutt mentionod. But it is his brother, the twiu, who has sovered bis windpipe, nnd tbe crime is eventually brought homo to him, notwithstanding that ho desires to pass himself off as tho clain roan, claiming bis wifo and property ;as bis own. Ho is found out, however, on (he testimony of another rogue, who lus aha worked at what lie euphemistically teriua tho ' granite carrying business,' nnd who rcmembois tho captain a little loo distinctly not to bo able to individualiio him, even though embarrassed by a porsonating twin, o-j mm, us. is proper, ana aa juigiu ue expected, the curtain comes down, leaving the good people h»pi-y, And; thg^mitio- g bad ones in tho bauds of tho proper nathorilies. There are three grand tableaux in thl« piece, each ono ter minating nn act. Tho first occurs where Mrs. Duko is taking lcavo of her husband. The night is dark and tbo sky threatening. His ship liej at anchor a little distanco from the pier. He disap pears; t« auppnscd to havo embarked ; tho aailaaro' ortliwitb unfurled, and ho is on his voyugo. At this moment the ghost is understood to oomo on, nnd after Monday night did come oil. lha lady falls senseless, and a sepulchral voice Is heard proclaiming some terrible Intention en thepartof tho apparition. Next, the re Is tha murder scene, and hero again tho ghost comes on ond unwraps himself, showing nothing bub bones. Lastly, there Is, as has been said, tha trial scene, but ucre no ghost appears. Thore was so no gco1' acting in this pleco. Mr Fawcctt, ai the twins, was picturesquely impressive ? Mies Kose Edouin, as tbo captain's wife, -who bad been forced into marrying him, but whoso heart was sot upon somobody else, was abundant ia melodramatic imnulfivcncfs. Mr. Crcswick was dignified and ceatlcmauly as tho lovor whom the Udy really favours, and Mr. Carter mado very much of tho returned galley' shve. Thore is an underplot, of some interest, which centres in and around a villago tavern, tho landlord of which is a henpeckedhuaband, and the landlady is something of a shrew. A former husband of this lady turm up after fonr tesn years' abichse,' and somendditionul perplexi- ties arise out of thil circumst.-inco. Mr. and Mrs. Gill developed, with much ability, ttio episodes of tliis part of the drama. ' A character, named CapUin raony, somewhat excrescent, as compared with tho rest of the dramatis persona,. wai prettily given by Miss Marlon Dunn, who, as a sort of miniature Macheath; look-d extremely interesting. In floo,. Mr. Fawcott's adapta'ion dcnervcB exceedingly well of the public, and It is not a little to tha credit of this gentleman, that, in pltoo of simply repeating the pieces done at home, he is endeavouring to encourage a local drama, and, consequently, to develop such latent dramatio talent, as.no doubt, really exists among us. To go back historically, last Saturday night there was a benefit perform ance for Mr. Alf M'Laren, whose prowosa and pluck Well catitlo him to a rocognillon of this tind. 'Iho oocasioti was appropriately ep.cUllsed by Eomo clover exhibitions of tbo B»tic nrt. 'The nmusinj; play of 'Tom and Jerry,' containing tho Boeue of Tom Cribb's 'parlour,' was precisely the thing bj- means of. which to bring upon tho stage the leading members of the Vic torinn ling; and, possibly, aorao of tf/^andlenco made, fo-- the first timo, the acqualnu?'*?*' ' , liose ominent professors, Messrs Tom Cnrran, Harry Snllars, the brothers M'Laren, Eccleeon, C»in, Clarke nnd ilassey. Tho several encounters ?with tho glovCB evoked tho most marked applawo from tho pit, which wax crammed to 00.UU au extern, mui Its contents had tho ajpear anco of being wedged in. There- 'are othe'r novellies in preparation at this theatre ; among lcso is a local burlesque, containing some of those wonderful portraits of Melbourne cele brities -which havo ntorotlmo occasioned such amusement. KKOVISCIAt. Ballaahat.— -On Monday ovening last, tho 3allaarat Histrionic Club g.vo their first per formance, at the Theatre lloyal, for the bonefit of the Hospital nnd the Benevolent Asylum, 'he pieces s- looted were tbo comedy of 'Time Trios All,' Iho burlcsquo of the 'Lady of Lyons ' nnd the farce of ' Retained for tho Defence.' Tho comedy wa», In itself, n perfect suc coas, each nnd every part being well sustained. :he burletquo of tie 'Lady ot Lyons,' »nd the f»rco went off very well, deepite some few hitches which occurred in the former. Tho club, we icliove, will play on tho next occasion for tha benefit of the Murkoand Wills monument, which is in an unfinished state, on Ballnarat. Tho Bucce'.B(f the club is creatly attributable to the nvaluablo iuBiruclion nnd hints aflorded by Mr. Leslie, well known in the theatrical world. IJENDIGO.-Mr. Dillon terminated his engDgo uient at tho Lyceum, on Saturday ln»t, when ho appeared as Belj-begor. Ho purposes appearing shortly in Adelaide On Monday, Mr. Hookins cominoncod a starring engagement, opening ns Mr. Affable Hawk, in ' Tho Game of Specula tion,' which character ho repeated on Tuesday. On Wednesday and Thursday, 'The So.ool of. Reform' wis produced, in which Mr. HoskitiB very ably sustained Iho part of llob'Tyko. Tho piece waa successful, and will doubtleiia he repented.; GeeloNo.— Tho Campbell MinBtrcls havo been playing at tbo Royal during the weak to modetato houses. Tho Occlong Advertiser has muiuiiowiug: — -ine campDslia' aro certainly tbe most amusing mlnatrels we have seen for somo time, nnd thero is a degree of originality about their j ,keB that is quito refreshing. Majorca.— ' Kob Roy' was played last Saturday at tho ltoyal, Madame Durot being the Helen, and Mr. Lawrence the Bob Roy. The performance was a success. COLON lAIt Adelaide.— (From the Ofaerrcr, 8tb August,) 'Tho Octoroon' was ropcnlcd with nn altered and improved cast on Saturday oveniug. The sudden Beccs,ion of Mr. MoWlllo from tho company embarasted the management, and com pelled a re-d!Btribulion of several parts before 'Tho Octornon' could, bo repeated. The character of McClosky, which wa» the flrjt that Mr. Melville played with tolerable ellcct, wns on Satnrd»y ovoniog performed by Mr. Bouth, who, both in mako up and acting, improved vastly upon his predecessor's. .rejir.-iSeutation of Ihe rascally retired oversew, fc. Orcvillo throw considerable humour and boiuo ecnlimont into the callous character of tho auctioneer, and Mr. Wilson was oorrect but tame is Gcorgo Peyton. Tho rcBtoftho cast remained as biforc, and Iho company exeited themselves wall nnd success fully to Bupport Mr. Jed'orson's groat character, 8alem Scuddcr. Tho performnuoo went off with spirit ; and tho huueo, notwithetandius tho in clomoHoy of the weather, was; well fil.ed. Mr, Jefferson's engagement is drawing to a oloao, but we understand that Mr. Solomon, fa his deBiro to maintain tbo theatre as a permanent institu tion, has concluded an engagement with Mr. C. Dillon. Ia older to give duo efiect Iho claislo aud romantic dramas in which Mr. Dillon will appow, the noting manager las been despatched to Melbourno to engage additions for our corps dramatique. Thosa who know Mr. Nathan's nico peiccptlon of propriety, his arc- possessing manners. Ills consummate^ Inijliieta tact, and his liheral spirit, will expect, through bis agency, If not a numerous, a vory judiokus augmentation of tho present effective company. m ISCERtAjfEOlTH. Mn, JsjrfKiiBOM returned to. Melbourne by the I»at steamer from Adolaldo. Mi«9 anna Mahia Quin.n I- still playing in tho Oastlcmaino, district. In the oourto of a week or two she commences a three months' engagement at tho I'rince ol Wales Theatre, Sydney. ' CAWIWE.— Jerry, tho champion killer of v/otoiia, will essay iho task of dostroyiiig ono iundr«d rati, at IV, Q. Binncr's. tho Bandridgo Inn, to-night . ? IVttEsa-JLinro.—Tom Hichardaon h open to wrestle llobsonfor the Champion Cup and £10, tho match to come off this month. Uiclmrd m'e monoy is ready at the Copenliageu gtounde, | 