AN EXTRAORDINARY BURGLAR, FROM CAPE DE VERDE. (From Bell's Weekly Messenger, January 31.) ON Thursday, at the Thames Police-court, Joseph Francisco, sometimes called Roderick, was brought upon remand, before Mr. Selfe, charged with com-, netting numerous burglaries and robberies. The prisoner was stated to be a native of one of the Cape de Verde Islands, and although he can speak English tolerably well, he pretended on the first examination that he did not understand our language. On being informed that a Spanish interpreter should be provided for him, he exclaimed, " All right, Sir," folded his arms, gave a malicious grin, and left the dock On the second examination, and again on Thursday, Mr. Clough, a linguist, translated the proceedings into the Spanish language. The prisoner, however made known his knowledge of English repeatedly by interrupt ing the witnesses, and. calling our, "That is not true"-" All wrong, your worship," when any statement particularly affected him. The prisoner's career has been a singular one. In the early part of last year he was committed for trial for burglary. He entered several houses in Mill-lane, Limehouse, in the night-time, and entered six or seven bed-rooms where people were sleeping, and stole numerous, articles of very trifling value, and left untouched property worth a good deal more which he might have carried away. This circumstance, his apparent simplicity, and his singular behaviour on the trial at the Old Bailey sessions, successfully imposed on the Judge and jury, who considered that he was not in his right senses, and not only acquitted him, but entered into a subscription for his relief. In May last, the prisoner made his appearance for several nights in the houses, yards, and gardens of Qu; den-street, and adjoining sweets in Stepney, and be was flitting paSt windows, passing through bed-rooms, and climbing over walls, until he became an object of terror to the inhabitants of the neighbourhood, and the "black man" and the "black ghost" were universally talked of, and the people applied additional fastening to their doors and windows. The prisoner opened the back window of a house in Queen-street early one morning, and entered a bedroom, treading on the face of a woman in ted as he did so. She awoke, and screamed aloud, and called out "Murder ! There is a black man in the re on." Her husband, a butcher, who was heavy for sleep, was also aroused. He would not believe the statement of his wife, and told her she was dreaming. The woman, notwithstanding, called the police, who looked out for the black man, and saw him a few hours afterwards climbing" over a garden wall at the back of a house in Queen! street. A most animated scene ensued. The prisoner was pursued over several gardens and walls. He displayed all the activity and agility of a monkey, leaped over water-butts, scaled walls, and ran up end down water. Be out, until he fairly baffled his pursuers and disappeared. The same night he was seen again. He was cautiously leaving an unoccupied house in Queen-street. He was seen by a gentleman passing, who raised an immediate alarm, and the prisoner slammed the street door of the house in his face and again disappeared. A cordon of police were brought into requisition. They surrounded the neighbourhood, cut off all means of escape, and after a long and difficult search he was found concealed in the corner of a cellar beneath an empty house. A shirt was found upon him which belonged to the landlord of one of the houses he had entered in the night time and plundered of various things, and no moral doubt existed that he had committed several other burglaries and robberies. Mr. Woolrych convicted the prisoner summarily, and sentenced him to three months' imprisonment and hard labour. When he came out of prison he associated himself with a gang of desperate thieves and burglars, and formed an intimacy with a low German woman, an omnibus thief, with whom he cohabited up to the time of his apprehension. Of the twenty charges of burglary, we select four of the most prominent. Mr. S. Read, of No. 7, Scoular-street, Poplar, state 1 that on the night of Thursday, the 15th instant, at eleven o'clock, he fastened and secured his doors and windows in the usual manner. On the following morning between four and five o'clock, he was aroused by his wife, sprang from his bed, and called out ' Give me my pistols." He opened the street d< or and saw no one in front of the house. He went out into the back yard, and saw two men on the wall at the rear of the garden, but could not see their faces. They dropped into another yard, and made their escape. He afterwards discovered that the window and shutter of the back window had been forced open, and an entrance effected. A writing-desk was removed from the parlour into the kitchen, forced open, and a silver watch and a gold stud taken away: Blake, a boilermaker, dwelling with his family in Read's house, said his room was also entered, and two coats hanging on two separate pegs, two waistcoats, two pairs of trousers, three shirts, five silk handkerchiefs, and other property stolen. The money was in a box, which the burglars broke open. The prisoner exclaimed in Spanish, "Who committed this robbery The, or some one else ?" ¡ Mr. Selfe : We shall see. The prisoner said it was enough to kill a man to bring so many charges against him. (Laughter.) W. Smith, of 4, Naval row in the rear of ReadY house, said he found a coat in the; garden: behind his' dwelling at daylight on the morning of the 15th. There was a traces of footsteps without shoes on the earth and upon the corrugated iron roof of an outhouse. In another part of the garden he found a pair of boots. There was a silver watch, latch-key, knife, and porte monnaie in the pockets of the coat. 1 Police-sergeant Stimpson said The boots are part of the proceeds of a burglary and robbery in the Mile, End Road. The prisoner is supposed to have dropped the coat and boots in his flight, or to have pulled them off before he entered the house. i Chadwick 350 K, said he managed to trace the prisoner through a directed envelope discovered in the pocket of the coat. Sophia Mayor stated that she was staying at 103, Lucas-street, Commercial- road, and that three weeks ago she was in company with Mrs. Ellen Scott, and met with the prisoner. He said he was a Roman Catholic, and wished to see some of the Roman Catholic churches. She wrote her address upon the envelope now produced, and said if he called upon her she would take him over some of the Catholic churches in London. Ellen Scott confirmed the evidence. The Prisoner : I swear by all the Saints I never knew anything about these women or the letter. Harriett Wellington, of No. 22, Oriental Street, Poplar, said her house was broken into on the night of the 29th of December last, and three ants and other property stolen. Her daughter had been ill ever since. She heard some one in the house in the course of the night, walking softly, and without shoes, over the stairs. She struck a light, set up, and found the back parlour window open. Mrs. Wellington then adentihe.da.coBt as her husband's property. It was one of the three stolen from her house, and there soner was wearing it when he was apprehended by Shadwell on the 20th instant' in Albert-street, Mr. G1 Pound, butcher, of Demssev-streo', Stepney, said that on Saturday morning, the 17th instant, his house was burglariously entered. He heard a noise between four and five in the morning, and rose in his bed. He saw the hand of a man on the . table close to the window, and made a blow at it with a piece of iron. He missed the hand, and saw the form of a man retreating from the room. He missed a silver watch and a gold chain from the table. Chadwick produced the watch and chain. They were pawn' ed by a woman, Elizabeth Ann Terry, alias , I Thtmpecn, a dressmaker, of No. 21, Atgel-gardcns. Shadwell, who received them of a woman named Jane Rees, of No. 30, Angel gardens. Rees received the watch and chain from the prisoner, and gave him 30s., the money advanced. Rees had pawned a large quan- . tity o' stolen property, the produce of numerous burglaries committed by the prisoner, who employed her to raise money on the booty. Chadwick Here is a lady from Green-street, Stepney, who identifies a shirt and pair of stockings taken from the prisoner. Her house was broken into. Many persons whose houses had been broken into and plundered advanced towards the witness-box. The Prisoner I don't know what they mean. Every one who has had a robbery c mounted brings, it Against me. j Mr. Seli'c.-So it appear?. ! Coney, 417 K, said that on Sunday morning, the 4th' instant, he was passing along JubiUe-place, Stepney, and heard the catch of a street-door unf listened ; he listened, and heard some one moving in the passage. The door was on the jury. He called out, " What is the matter here?" and some one called out, "All right." He thought it was all wrong, and seized the knocker of the door. The prisoner rushed out of the house with a cloak over his shoulder, which fell from him as he entered the street. He knew the prisoner directly, and pursued him. The prisoner then turned round and threw a large and valuable timepiece at him., He continued the pursuit, sprang his rattle, and called, out " The black man-stop him." The prisoner carry back and threw a bundle at him, which knocked him down. The fellow then darted off with the fleetness' of a greyhound, soon distanced all his pursuers, and made his escape, Witness then returned and picked up the timepiece, bundle, and cloak. Mr. Selfe : What time was this Coney : Ten minutes past six in the morning. The prisoner had been trying the backs of several houses in Jubilee-place and Jubilee-street Mr, Henry Webb, of No. 33, Jubilee place, said The property produced by the constable is mine. My house was broken into and plundered of articles worth'. £22. The black man got into my garden, climbed on to the top of a water-butt, and entered at the back parlour window. Several other witnesses were examined in com-, picture of the four cases above mentioned, and Mr, Selfe thought they were so clear there was no occasion to hear any more. At the same time he would recommend the pawnbrokers who had received' stolen property from the woman Jane Rees, orReeve?, to deliver it to the owners. Serjeant Stimpson, when he searched the prisoner, found three gold studs belonging to Mr. Read upon him. The Blues and a gold brooch were lying on the ledge of the witness-box, and the prisoner said he should like to have them in his own hand, and look at them. Mr. Selfe would not allow anything of the kind, but Mr. Clough, the interpreter ' might hotel one stud in his hand, and let the prisoner see it. The prisoner immediately made a snatch at the stud, but the interpreter was too quick for him, and prevented him having it Mr. Selfe inquired if one of the fifteen Judges tried the prisoner last year, and a constable replied in the negative. It was Mr. Commissioner Kerr. Both Judge and jury thought the prisoner was a peer into- , cent fellow. (Loud laughter.) " ' Mr.Selfe.-Very innocent indeed-as harmless as doves. (More laughter ) The depositions were read by Mr. Fryer, the chief clerk, and the prisoner was told he would be committed for trial for committing four burglaries, and was asked if he had any defence to make. He said nothing, and Mr. Selfe said he was committed for trial. The prisoner no sooner quitted the dock than he made a sudden and furious onslaught on Roche, the gaoler of the court, who was about to lead him away. The ruffian made an attempt to bite the gaoler, and seized him by the throat at the same time. A fearful struggle took place, and the excitement in the court was terrible. The woman screamed aloud, and the people at the back of the court, among whom were many thieves, attempted to get over a partition two feet high. Mr. Selfe stood up and peremptorily ordered them to stand back. All the police constables in court rushed to the assistance of Roche; but the prisoner, who seemed to be endowed with superhuman strength, kicked, plunged, and fought desperately. Several were rolling over the floor of the court, and the yells of the prisoner were frightful. He was overpowered by numbers, planned, and carried to the lock-up cell, yelling and blaspheming in the most should manner. But this scene was trifling as compared with the one that took place when the prison van arrived at half past six o'clock to convey him to Newgate, It was some time before he could be dragged out of the cell, and he immediately attacked the gaol, and the serjeant of the van, dealing blows and kicks in all directions. He took a truncheon from one constable, and knocked another down with it. The BI atior- house yard afforded him more scope for his fury than the court, and he inflicted a good deal of mischief, broke down the door of the van, and laid prostrate on the ground seven or eight strong men before he was securely looked up in the cellular van. The contest in the yard lasted nearly an hour. The desperado made a vow in broken English that he i vessel murder some one before his trial was over. THE PHYSICAL GEOGRAPHY OF VICKSBURG.—A Federal gun boat ran the gauntlet of the batteries at Vicksburg. She has done great damage along the Mississippi, between that city and Port Hudson, and has stopped the communication of Texas, Northern Louisiana, and Southern Arkansas with those two positions. The Mississippi flows near Vicksburg through flats of its own deposit. Those flats vary from twenty to upwards of 100 miles in width. They are subject to an overflow of from four to twenty feet deep. At the city a breadth of hills runs out through these low flats to the very bark of the Mississippi. A narrow apron of overflowed land lies at a few points between those hills and the river ; but in most instances the channel lies with its whirring current at their very base. A belt of land subject to overflow lies for a width of about 200 yards between the Mississippi and the base of the " bluff" on which Vicksburg stands. That hill presents to the river a contour similar to that of a truncated cone. It rises up in a rapid slope to a summit 300 or 400 feet high. The streets of the city are cut into the sides of the hill, and constitute a succession of terraces one above another. The system of defences adopted for the position is out- side my knowledge, but must be as formidable as any such system can be in the case of a profile admitting of a dozen lines of earthwork around the whole sweep of the hill, each commanding the other, and all commanding the water approach so com- pletely as to make a direct advance from the " land- ing " utterly intractable. This bristling hill is but one of a chain that, equally formidable throughout, embraces the channel of the Mississippi as far south as Warrenton. This semicircular sweep of " bluffs" has doubtless been made as it may have been very easily—unapproachable at any point by a hostile force from the river. The flank approaches to this breadth of hill country are very difficult. The Yazoo river constitutes the line of access to it on the north. The naked red clays of the whole region back of Vicksburg are torn by heavy rainstorms into a tangled network of ravines deep and steep. This favours the defence in general, and makes it from the line of the Yazoo perhaps irresistible. The weak point of the communications of Vicksburg lies, however, at the place where the railway from that city to Jackson, the capital of Mississippi, crosses on trestlework the swamp of Big Black River. That part of the railway is but a few miles back of Vicksburg, and is accessible from a point on the Mississippi below Warrenton, by way of the valley of the Big Black. In high stages of water, as at the present, it is approachable by gun boats. In either case this appears to be the assailable point of the defences of Vicksburg, ECCENTRIC MISQUOTATIONS FROM DICKENS.—On Saturday last, strange to say, we catch both the London Review and the Saturday Review tripping when referring incidentally to the pages of the most popular writer of the age. The latter (i.e. the Saturday levels), talking of " Mrs. Jarvis's waxwork show," . when every reader of the «? Old Curiosity Shop " surely remembers it well enough to he '. Mrs. Jarley's." More flagrant still is it to find a London reviewer referring to Mrs. Bardell with her friends Mr B. Mudbenry " which kept a mangle." and Mrs. Bunk in which clear starched." These hitherto | unheard of females representing, we presume, the historical forms of Mrs. Saunders and Mrs. Cluppins-a forgetfulness of whom is nothing less than an outrage to every true Pickwickian. BAD AND ;WOBBE,-It is an old hackneyed argument in favour of boxing that it is better than the stiletto ! In my youth I used also to hear that " cards were better than Scandal," as if there no third manner of pating the evening.-JlmnaUu of Mrs. Trench. a , Siirrr-rAiiMiNO IN SOUTH AFRICA. The Yeoman publishes the following information respecting the rearing and breeding of sheep in South Africa, from the pen of "An Old Australian Squatter," to hu J friend in Victoria. He wri'ee;-Besides the countries I have already described available here, for sheep farming, must be added that known as Kaffraria, an extensive tract of fine country which you will notice on the maps, as existing between the limits of the colony and British Kaffraria. A gentleman who lately passed ( through it says, in writing to me, " I have not confined myself to any beaten track, but, by use of the compass and occasional assistance of guides, have kept a distance from the cast of from fifty to seventy miles. All that part of the country from Natal to the bits a River is difficult for waggon travelling; but from thence for 160 miles you may, drive a spring carriage, there is grass and water every- where, the country similar in appearance to Natal. I have not been interrupted by the natives in any way ; they all treat Englishmen respectfully." The natives here, also, are intent seemingly on extirpating each other, or d I believe there would be less risk in squatting upon any portion of land than there has been in occupying r new country in Australia. The finest part of the ct country for sheep-farming, I think, lies from twenty to sixty miles from the coast, inasmuch 03 ex- ticmcB do not prevail as in the interior, where the grass becomes dried up the winter season and stock suffers at times very much. The land to about twenty miles from the coast is considered more suitable I believe, for the production of sugar and other tropical products,. You will understand that sheep farming is in a very infantile condition here, when I tell you that there is not a hurdle race to be bought in the, colony-that a woolshed is unknown on that no farmer has a wool-press or a wool-table, so far as I can learn. Few people wash their sheep, and no' wool is classed. The Kaffirs make tolerable shearers, and in this respect will be valuable hereafter, when the increase of sheep would otherwise cause such labour to be much in request. Very good rams are to be obtained in the colony, and some imported lately by Messrs. Otto and Baker are superior to any that I recollect as having been introduced formerly to Victoria. Southdowns and Leicesters have been introduced also and good animals of various sorts are exhibited yearly at the different agricultural shows. I thick considerable loss is sustained, and great damage done, by the unmerciful way in which sheep are driven he re ; when a Kaffir is sent off with a lot, the rate at which he and his companions drive them. must be seen to he beVeved-thirty miles a day is not so much as these poor creatures are sometimes obliged to go; with a large flock this would be impossible, twenty- five to 100 is the size of the lots one generally meets. With their mouths open and. their tongues out, they _ stagger along before an alix oat naked Kaffir, armed with a long whip, which he uses with shouts from time to time, when he notices them flagging. The Messrs. B., who lately came here from Victoria, have gone to that part of the Cape colony known as the Eastern Province, to purchase sheep, and I hope many others, who are now struggling with you, may be induced to follow their example. Sir George Grey, when here, thought highly of this colony, and called it the heart of South Africa. Every farmer considers his farm the best, so I suppose the country which I have not seen has its merits for my own part, I am satisfied with that which I have been able to secure, and I am sure it is infinitely superior to much of the Australian co ones that I have seen or am acquainted with. THE RURAL SEASON IN ITALY. -The only season of the year in which the Italians are really loth to tear themselves from the country is the latter end of an- tumn-Oc'pbtr and November-at least up to St. Martin's-day. Lovely as the country is during the spring and summer in' North Italy, it seems to in- tensify all its charms so as to clothe in ineffable loveliness the fall of the year. The air, sharp and bracing as it is apt to he in the morning and evening, is never so balmy and genial as it becomes at this time towards the noon, and continues to the close of the usually bright, gorgeous sunset The stillness of the landscape, generally prevalent in these mountain screened regie 11s, becomes infinitely more striking, and, as it were, palpable in this season of nature's repose. Nothing can be slower and gentler and more lingering than the decline of a North Italian year-the autumn tints steal over the foliage by imperceptible degrees, as the crowfoot over the countenance of a lovely woman untouched by illness or sorrow ; the leaves drop one by one, circling and winding round through the stirleBB air, like so many flakes of undrifted snow ; the first touch of decay seems rather to revive and enhance than to blight or even tone down and mellow the richness at 1 luxuriance of this bountiful land; and the sky no I longer dazzling with its settled glare, no longer money., losses in that cloudless blue which is apt to clay us in settled summer or winter weather, entertains us daily, in this period of transition, now with vast masses of heavy vapours in the shape of phantom clouds clinging to the Alpine summit, now with a thin white veil of mist floated g over the plain like a transparent ocean. Vicksburg is situated on one of those bends in the channel of the Mississippi known locally from their eh ape as " horse shoes." The city occupies the toe, the range of hills extending south of it to Warrenton, rising up like a wall around one-half the circle of that " horse shoe." The tongue of land within the bend is subject to overflow. Across this the Federals have cut a canal, with the expectation that the Mississippi rushing through will widen and deepen it to the dimensions of a new bed. " Cut offs," such as the Federals expect to make in this instance, have been made similarly at other points on the river. In this case, however, the soil is stiff clay, and there is therefore grave reason to conclude that the river will fail in opening by its own action the shadow cut into which they have introduced it to the dimensions required. This canal is in fact set down as a failure. A new cut is being opened at another part of the horse-shoe ; but this probably will be found, unless carried down with the quicksand, equally unavailable. At all events, it will fail to re- sult in any change useful for the purposes of naviga- tion before several months. In order to place you in possession of the physical conditions of the attack on Vicksburg it is only necessary to repeat that with the exception of the breadth of hill country on which that city is situated all the country around is a more or less reclaimed swamp. The whole region for a hundred miles on every side of the Confederate de- fences, except in the rear, is subject to an overflow of from four to twenty feet deep, and even the rendez- vous of the Federal army, protected temporarily by an embankment that may be cut through in half an hour, must in the present stage of the Mississippi floods be saturated with wet. A further rise in the water would drive the Federal army to their transports, and yet immense reinforcements are being forwarded from Memphis to participate in its desperate and bloody enterprise.—Standard, February 25. MIDDLE CLASS LONDON-The stranger will scarcely care to penetrate the mysteries of London streets. Should he, however, ask, " Where do the people river" be his only to glance at his map, and run his finger along the outskirts of the City, and within two or three miles of its ancient walls. On the east, north and south he will find the suburbs of Mile-end and Stepney, Ratcliff and Limehouse, Hoxton, Hackney and Is engine, Bermondsey, Newington, and Wal worth, Lambeth, Kennington, and Battersea ; while close to the airy quarter of St. John's-wood, on the north-west, he will find Camden, Kentish, Somers, and Agar Towns-the Regent's Park between and beyond, but farther west, he will come upon Paddington, in all these districts there are enough large, good, substantial houses, with gardens in front and hehir d, to give a character of well-to-do respectability to the neighbourhoods ; while if he goes still farther, i in either direction, he will discover noble roomy dwellings, which in Italy would be called palaces, and in France hotels. Here, however, they are simply known as villa?, detached or semi-detached, as the case may be, but always with trees and gardens about them, and generally having porticoes and venetian windows towards the road, and stables and conservatories in the rear.-IlmUlcdgc's Chilling Guide to London. AMERICAN DISTINCTIONS The Yankees are a worry derful people. They have the fastest trotting horses and the lightest waggons, the largest hotels and the tallest drinks, the cheapest and most of curriers i newspapers, the most disgraceful bankruptcies, the most corrupt political jobbing, and, yet down all, the biggest civil war in the world. They go the whole hog in everything, and think as little of spending two million dollars a day as they probably will of paying them when they come to be due, repudiation being a favourite Yankee method of paying; old debts when they are found troublesome or pressing. Even the English language has been remodelled on the other side of the Atlantic, and the style of Bennpt end Burman is a decided improvement on that of Swift at d Addison. We owe some of our finest words to the taste and ingenuity of our Yankee cousins such as locomotor, kcation, caucus, bunkum, stampede, cockdologer; and last, but not least, skedaddle a delicious word, so fresh, so expressive, and euphonious, and so admirably fitted to describe the recent^trategic movements of the Federal army. They advanced from Washington to Richmond, and they have now skedaddled from Richmond back to "Washington Edinburgh Courant. ExTKAOMJlNÀlYÏ DISCOVERY OF SKELETONS its our last number we published the circumstance that a certain-discovery of skeletons had been made in a field belonging to Mr. Savage on the right of the road leading from Guildford to Merrow, and at a distance of about 300 yards back from the road. In common with many others, we have been to see these relics of the past, and now present a few interesting facts to our readers, in the hope that they may assist to enable those whose antiquarian researches entitle them to be heard on such a subject to form some theory as to the probable period when these burials took place. We ascertained from the labour, r, Chandler, who first discovered the remains that the skeletons. five in number, were found while digging for first at a depth of between two and three feet from the surface. Each skeleton lay in a direction which he indicated by placing a stick on the ground, and, on comparing the direction of the state with a pocket compass, we ascertained that each must have lain due east and west', the head to the west and the feet to the cast. The skeletons were found lying in excavations cut in the solid chalk. The five excavations were relatively parallel to each other parallel as far as the directions of their long SMS ; but the feet of No. 2, commencing from the lowest and most eastward one, was on a level with, the skull of No. 1, but two feet higher up the field, or mine southward. No. 3 had a like relation to No 2, and so on with the remainder, the fifth being found "jammed" under the hedge, as Chandler expressed it, the hedge being evidently of far more recent con- struction than the rude sarcophagi underneath. The chalk "coffins," as they were called, had unfortunately been broken up as Soon ashe bones had been. removed, and therefore no opportunity was afforded us of seeing these remarkable receptacles of the dead. The bones removed from the several holes had been placed under the soil in another part of the field, and these were disinterred for us, in the presence of Mr. Frederick D. Ross, the well-known surgeon of this town, to see. As portions of bones were one by one thrown out, Mr. Ross had no difficulty in pronouncing that while there were strong evidences for believing that they had all been interred about the same time, there was a considerable variation in the ages of the persons whose entire skeletons had thus been unexpectedly exhumed. Without expressing any opinion at the time, we asked Chandler to pick cut, if he could, the skull cr portions of bone belonging to No. 1 excavation, to No. 2, and so on. He seemed readily to recognise the port! as belonging to each, and on each part of skull so identified as belonging to No. 12 3, 4, or 5, Mr. Ross marked with a pencil. Three thigh bones, in remarkable preservation, he indicated as belonging, two to No. 1, and the other to No. 6, its felled being much broken ; the bones generally were very much smashed, the jaws only excepted, which were armed with very perfect sets of teeth, in wonderful preserva- tion. Besides the above, Mr. Ross possessed himself of some portions (the best he could find of the pelvic bone s and on more carefully examining them all at home, he has arrived at the following conclusion viz., that the skull marked No. 1 was certainly the oldest of all, and the one marked No. 5 certainly the youngest; No. 2 was younger than No. 1, and older than NOB. 3, 4, or 5. N: s. 3 and 4 were much of the same age, but both older than No. 5. The pelvic bones, X.C , of No. 1 led him to believe that they belonged to a women, and the pelvic bones of No. 5 to a young man. The pelvic bones of the remaining three were unfortunately too much broken to afford any incher tion as to the sex to which they belonged. Subsequently Mr. Ross showed these bones to Mr. Schollick, the resident medical officer of the dispensary, and-a very skilful surgeon, and asked him to arrange them on the table according to their respective ages. This he did, and on comparing these portions with his own preconceived ideas, Mr. Ross found that they were agreed. Mr. Schollick concurred, also, that the pelvis, kc, of the first belonged to a woman, and that of the fifth to a young man. We should add that a piece of it on, in the form of a blade was also found in one of these excavations. It is much corroded, about four inches in length and about half an inch in breadth. We are informed, also, that some time ago, while BomeihiT.gw'06 being done to a portion of this and an adjoining field, the workmen came down upon a large quantity of human bones, which were carted away and buried somewhere else. About eight or nine months since also an odd stirrup iron was found near the same spot, but it was thrown away and thought nothing of. We now leave these facts to our readers, among whom must be many capable of giving some idea as to the period of history to which they relate, and to state whether or not this discovery is a valuable one in an antiquarian point of view. Among the various theories which have been suggested are-first, the probability of these being the remains of soldiers engaged either in the early Anglo Saxon conflicts, or in some of the wars about the period of the Conquest ; secondly,' that they are the remains of soldiers slain in some conflict between the Parliamentarians and Royalists in Cromwell's time the idle, it is stated, on the authority of Russell's History of Surrey, that the plague visited Guildford in the fourth year of Elizabeth's reign, and that this might have been the burying-place for those who died of that dreadful scourge ; again, it is suggested that this might have been the place where criminals were executed, and that the Be are the remains, therefore, of persons who have suffered the sentence of the law. It is within the recollection of the " oldest inhabitants that executions used to take place at a spot called Laughing, which is within a quarter of a mile from where these skeleton were found, and close to that again there is a place still called " Gallows copse." It is beyond question that the Hospital of St. IhomaB-.-snd- possibly also a priory, stood some- where between the existing Mfirow and Rpiey roads, and within a short distance of where those bones were found. This, therefore, might have been the interment place of one of these institutions. We have only to add that portions of the five skulls, the three thigh bence, portions of the pelvic bones, and the small piece of iron described above, are in the possession of Mr. Ross, and that he will be happy to show them to any person desirous to see themselves Surrey Times. PIIOLUABÏINATION.-I was standing on the dock to witness the departure of the steamboat. Her time had come. Several hundred passengers had already embarked, and others were crowding hastily through the throng to get on board. All was confusion, The wheels and the piston seemed restless of delay ; the boat creaked against the wharf as the paddle dipped the mbelvcB in the water ; the strong hawsers that bound her fore and aft ground on the posts. The stem voice of the mate summoned " All aboard all ashore." Just then a carriage drove down. An old gin nth man, whose locks spoke of many bygone years, alighted, and hastened towards the boat. The crowd made way for the venerable stranger, but in vain. The boat was off. I shall never forget the expression of disappointment which was manifested in his countenance as he turned away, and ordered his baggage to be it turned to his carriage, "One minute too late." How many thousands are a little too late in the great work of repentance They delay and post pine, until the ark of safety hoB shoved off for the last time. One minute, then, is as fatal as an aged. Old Jonathan, A CHINESE FUNERAL At the funeral of a mandarin, in Canton, the procession was led by coolies carrying a miniature temple tenanted by Then Hows (Queen of Heaven). Then came coolies bearing a light stage, on which reposed a huge roasted pig, adorned with coloured papers. Next followed a priest and a friend of the deceased, bearing a large bundle of prices of white paper cut into squares, each with a gilded spot in the centre. These were funeral favours, and were scattered right and left as the procession went on. The body-guard of the dead mandarin came next, each person carrying his implement or sign of office. The gardener had a hoe, the butcher a long knife, The executioner list of victims. A party of musicians succeeded, and then came the coffin, very like an English packing-case. Mourners and mandarins brought up the rear and very little of sorrow was exhibited The Bott of the deceased, so long as the procession was moving, appeared unable to support his grief ; but at any temporary halting-place he laughed and chatted and became as lively as his neighbours. AN INCIDENT r AT NIAGARA. Luna Island is, as I have said, on the verge of the Falls, and was the scene of a fearful accident in 1849. A family from Buffalo were at the Falls in June of that year ; they had been enjoying an evening's ramble upon Luna Island, and were about leaving it, when a young man of the party playfully seized one of the children, the little daughter of Mr. D., and held her over the edge of the river as it raced by, exclaiming, "I am going to throw you in." The child frightened at the sight of the rushing water, spring from his hold and fell into the stream. With a cry of horror the young man threw himself after her to save her, and in another moment they were both carried over the Falls before the very eyes of the wretched parents of the little girl. 'Their bodies were discovered some days after the accident, which is not always the case with those who have met the same awful death. The celebrated American jumper, Sam'Tateri, jumped into Niagara River once too often. ', In' 1829 JW [leaped' in from a height of 125 feet ; he never rose, and his body was never found.-Emtle-y's initialling' a- and 