ENGLISH ITEMS. In the Isle of Man a superstition exists that if the knots of the slu-oud are not untied when the coffin is nailed up the ghost of the deceased wil wander about.' A funeral recently took place, and soon after it was rumored that the deccaeed's ghost had visited her o __ _ _ former home, and it was remembered that the knots j had not been untied. The vicar was applied to for 1 leave to open the grave and allow the needful to be j done, to which lie, of course, objected, doing his ut- | most to show the party the folly of such notions. The friends, however, were determined not to be outdone, nnd early yesterday (Sunday) morning week the grave was opened, the lid of the coffin removed, the knots unloosed, ond the groVe made all right ere tho I sun rose. The cx-royal family of France have been staying at St. Leonards-oti'Sea, and while there an interesting event took place—the betrothal of the Duke de Chortrcs, second son of the late Duke d'Orleans, to I to tho Princess Francoise d'Orleans, daughter of the 1 Prince and Princess deJoinville. I A correspondent sends us the following strange I story:—At an early hour on Wednesday morning, two elderly females" were observed stealthily to wend their woy towards a secluded port of the graveyard in Redcross-strcct. After a while they began to clear away 0 portion of the earth, and after getting down some way, they lifted out a coffin, and in a few minutcB minutes niaae made for lor the tlio gates again, to tho no no smau small ostonishmcnt, excitement, and dipgust of the workmen of a firm whose back windows happened l-o look upon the spot. A discussion was held without delay amongst tho workmen, and they decided to send two of their number in quest of the women, whom they found making tlieir way towards Kcwtown. The workmen procured the assistance of a policeman, and as the women were passing St. Phillip's police station they were asked in with their prizes in their possession. The men having given their evidence as far ub they knew of the affair, and being satisfied they had done their duty, at once went to their employ-1 incnt; but at a quarter to eleven they were surprised by 6ceing three old ladies approaching the same corner where they liilted while a boy opened the hole still deeper, and to their greater astonishmont, the coffin was again deposited in the grave. The workmen who witnessed these strange proceedings at once demanded an explanation, when one of the old ladies gave the j following explanation. It seems a child had died in I Piccadilly, Newtown, ond the funeral hod taken placo on Tuesday, and the placing of the corpse in the coffin had been" entrusted to a person who, having been I drinking rather freely, had forgotten to placc the body iu the coffin. Tsor was the mistake found out until Wednesday morning, when a female happened to gp into tho room nnd found the body of the child. The coffin was taken back again, and, the body having been placed in it, was again buried. The strange affair caused considerable excitement in the nighborhood—Western Daily Press. The villages G-olancourt and Morlincourf, near Coninirgno (Oise), hove just been tile sccnc of two murders and a 6uicide, committed by a man named ITurier, a notorious smuggler. A few days since, Hurler's wife died after severrl hours severe illness. A post morion examination was ordered by the authorities, and it was then discovered that <<M woman had been """" poisoned with a " strong dose ^-"fl of coce;iltis intlicus. Meanwhile, Hurier had disappeared and as it is known that a connection had for some time past existed between him and the wife of a farmer named Pillot, residing at Morlincourt, officers were sent to see whether he had been there. On entering the house the woman Pillot was found lying, dead on her bed, having been strangled, and near her lay Hurier, also dead, apparently from the effccts of poison, as the body presented no external in-. juries. I11 a recent low case the plaintiff, a Norwich tailor, uffht to recover from the defendant, Mr. W. F. I Windham, of Fellbrigghall, the sum of £820 lis. upon a promisory note, given, as the tailor alleged, for an agreed account, of which the sum of £500 claimed as commission for obtaining a loan of £100,000 for the defendant, formed an item. The defendant denied his liability for the £500, but paid the remaining £320 lis. into court. The plaintiff ae-1 cepted the £320 lie. paid into court in settlement of (lie action, thus abandoning his claim for commission, I although the £500 was included in tho amount for which the promissory note was obtained. An inquest lias been held at Wakefield on the body of William Smith, a convict, aged thirty-three. Prisoner was sentenced in October last to three years' penal servitude for stealing boots, and was received in Wakefield prl-o i in November from the Chester city gaol. Being of a lazy disposition, I10 soon begau to affect illness, with the view of escaping work, and one inorning he was found dead in his cell, having just I hanged himself behind the door. The facts disclosed led the jury to i-elum the following sagacious verdict: I —" Hangcil himself, probably with the intention of being found bv the warders and obtaining relief from work and discipline." The following paragraph gives a short and curious I summary of the colonial empire of Great Britain :— | "The colonies of Great Britain comprise altogether I 3,350,000 square miles, and cost us for management) £3,350,000 per annum, or just about a pound a mile. They have an aggregate rcvenne of £11,000,000, and owe'among them £27,000,000, or ju6t two years and 0, half's income. Tliey import goods to the amount | of £60,000,000 yearly—half from ourselves, and half from all the rest of the world. They export produce to the value of £50,000,000, of which three-fifths come to this kingdom; and all this is done by a population which is C under , 10,000,000 in tho . oggregate, ' and of which only 5,000,000 arc whites." Add to | these figures 900,000 square miles for India, and 200,000,000 of people, with a trade of £71,000,000, and we have as a result thot the Queen reigns over nearlv one-third of the laud of the eorth, and nearly a fourth of its population. If a British vizier under the emperor should, as seems probable, rule China, Englishmen will directly control more than half the linman race. A terrible catastrophe is reported from Rhodes. The island was visited on tho 22nd April by an earthquake, which destroyed 2000 houses and some thousands of people, and covered the whole island with. ashes. Thousands were left homeless, and the terror and confusion seem to have bereft those left alive of their wits. It is curious how completely the ordinary means of information have in this ease broken down. Such an earthquake is of the highest interest to science as well as humanity -, but llhodes is a little off the line, and consequently tho newspapers know nothing whatever about tho matter. The very occurrence would have remained unrecorded but for a letter from a London Xrfinaon merchant incrcunui. recommending Fcuuuiiuauuiug the Iriio victims ^icvujis w to i English benevolenoo. Even he gives, and we believe possesses, no details octaus 01 of a calamity wmcli, which, had it oc-1 i ourred within the European circle, woald liave filled j I ' the papers for weeks. A subscription list has been opened in London for ihe relief of the sufferers. The Cork ConstHatton states that two American I agents have paid a visit to Charleville. They came I by the Dublin train, and brought with thorn a number of persons whom they had enlisted for the construe-1 lion of a railway in America. They wanted others, however, and they thought that Charleville might furnish them. To tlie people attending market they accordingly addressed themselves, presenting most promising prospecls,*and offering most seducing wages. The thoughtless listeners were soon caught, and were ^V at once to engage for embaitatiou. However, I Mr. dancj', D.L, hearing of it, went to the parish priest, who aoeompanied him to the scene of operations, told the people that it was not for a^ railway, j but for war, the enlisters wanted tlicra. They then informed the latter that if tliey did not decamp tliev would be given in charge to the police. They took the hint, aid about 60 persons whom they had en-1 gaged thus fortunately escaped. I One night this week a celebrated dog fancier and a I well-known liorae-dealer met at a certain hostelrie on j the Newmarket Road, and iu the course of converaa-1 tion relative to horses and dogs, the horeedealer give the dog fancier an order for twenty dogs at 2s. Gd. I cadi, which were to be delivered tlie neit morning, at his.house, before ten o'clock, and a wager was made of CI eodi that tlie order was not rolfilled. The neit j morning, before the appointed hour, twenty-five of j ii.A the canine .Hiina mm race were wnw at itm tho tinrA-iiialiH-'fl borscdealer's door, with a 1 message tliat he was to select twenty and return five, tlie price being £2 10s. according to the agreement. Anv one looking at the animals would liave imagined that there was an hospital in Cambridge for decayed dogs ; there mere tlie blind, halt, and lame; some with tails, others without that ornamental appendage; acme weiv black, some were white, some black and white, others brown, and some of a color too difficult to be defined -, some had fallen into the sear and ydlow l«r. others wm too young to have acqmred the ,»lite art of barking; some were big, othcil smaU; eome growled, otliers howled, and mauvd.d not trouble theinsdvw to do one or tlie other. Il^i there floated across the vision of the horeedealer twenty 12s. mHj > for tlie dog UK; to he scut word lo the dog fancier that he was welcome to the stakes. Some one afterwards saw a string of dogs token arroes the common to tlie river, but we arc not aware of any one seeing tliem come hack again.— Cambridge Independent. 