TH- COMIx ION OF THE PEACE. It is now a couple of years since I took up pen to express an opinion on public matters. It hss not been because oeoesion has not often-enough arisen for an impartial looker-on to utter a few words of remark or admonition. In these times, when we are founding a country, not so much for ourselves as for the millions that will come after useit is the duty of every thinking man to utter his opinions plainly on all public questions. Those who hear his words or read is sentences will be able to take them for what they are worth, and to separate the solid wheat from the echaf. These are not days when we may be mealy-mouthed, and stop to pick and choose our words when we see that wrong is being done. But, to tell the truth, private business has led me into other scenes and other trains of thought than those which concern the community which I address. I imagined I had laid down the pen for ever-even the shallow-pated plagiarist who stole my name could not draw me out of my lshell. But therree occasions when silence would be criminal; and I feel bound at this juncture to \------eaes my message and reeapse tento bhe murky shadows, o (the glht. I hardly know what is of greater importance to individual liberty and contentment in such a colony as t'is, as the composition of the Commission of the Peace. I defy a Governor, or a Minister ofStlote, or a Judge of thie Supreme Court to be absurdly or arroguantly tymn nical-to commit glaring acts. of injustice with the certainty that he will never be called to necount for the mal-administration of the duties which he has been appointed to perform. His actions all take place in the broad light of day, in the full 'isionof the public and of a vigilant Pssss and woe be.to him if he swerves from the path of rectitude whilst such tearch ing eyes are upon him! The bush magistrate, on the other hand, rules the uncontrolled monarchl of all lihe surveys; and every one who knows the counitry is well aware that many galling and unjustiliable acts of ty ranny are committed in the interior under the lying mask of law and justice. They tell us that his power for evil is small-but is not the fine of five shillings more to Lazarus than five thousand pounds would be to Dives? A fortnight, or a month, or three months ofimprisonment, may be called nothing to a man who feels conscious of his innocence, and knows that he has been unjustly punished, either through blundering stupidity or because his liberty wmas placed at the disposal of a corrupt magistrate. But that imprison ment, however short it may be, may carry with it loss of character, and of domestic comforts, and of all thlat the heart holds dear--sacrifices which Lazarus feels as keenly as though he dressed in purple and fine linen and fared sumptuously every day. We are told that the Law is no regarder of persons; but unfortunately such is not always the case with those who with criminal carelessness or wilful perversion of duty on tihe part of the Executive are often appointed to administer the law. One of the late appointments to the Commission of the Peace strikes me as being good in principle, but injudicious in the peculiar instance in which that prin ciple hnas been careried out. A very worthy man, who has been some time dead, has been summoned by his Ecoellency the Governor to take his place on the Mngisterial Bench. But if we cannot do withouta ghost, why not make a better selection amongst the ountless dead P There is an abundance of deceased lawgivers and administrators of the law who could be called upon without disturbmg the spirit of a defunct squatter, who although he proved himself to be an excellent man during his career on this earth, yet scarcely evinced-such unique capabilities for the per formance of the duties of a Magistrate as tp..render it a public duty to rouse him out of his grave. On looking over the list of names on the Commis sion, one cannot help being struck with the great num ber of Government clerks thereon, and other persons in a similar position.. What can be the possible object of such appointments? The gentlemen in question evidently cannot be at their ofices, and in the peform ance of the dutioq for which the.public pay them, at the same time when they are sitting on the Bench. I can scarcely believe tioat the Executive are endeavour ing to obtain'a pliant magistracy, in order to provide for possible emergencies of an awkward description, and yet I can hardly bring myself to think that the Govern ment would, without solid reasone, force upon their servants a position which is conferred equally on some of the most ignorant and disreputable members of the community. Another prominenttfeature of the new Commission is, that although the Slate is supposed to.haove nothings to do with religion, yet more regard for faith than fitness has evidently been exhibited in many instances. The Scotchl Presbyterianos are especially favoured. A clergyman and twa elders of the gKirk have been amongst the elect, besides others of that denomination. There is a story current that our Csledonia Premier keaps aaharp look-out whilst he rides through thie streets of Ipswich, and whenever he sees a man rubbing himself against a telegraph.post beputehimbn in for a Go vernment billet, or a J.P.-shlip at least But I don't believe a word of it. To carry out theuea of represen tution of religion, however, a Jew and a Roman Catho lie must needs be put en the Commission. The Isrelite will very likely make as good a magistrate as most of his Christian brethren on the Bench, but as there is an abuilance of the latteralreadyin his district, his appoint ment has evidently been maade on the representative system. If the same principle has been carried out in the case of the Roman Catholic, a most un fortunate selection has been made. Walmt object bha been gained by appointing a man thoroughly uneduo cated, and who from his want of decision and fixed principlecommands the respect neither of Iris co-reli gionists nor of any other portion of the community ? There are men of ability in communion with thle Churlcht of Rome in this colony, who are much more fit for the Bench than a man who hlas no mind of his own', and whose education goes scarcely beyond- the knowledge of spelling his own name. There are Catholics in whom the public have expressed their confidence in the most uamistakeable manner; and there are othlers who, like every man who is worth a straw, have been ultra-libe r-als and ardent democrats before experience and know ledge of mankind had chilled thenr enthusiasm and taught them how idle and baseless are thie Utopion day dreams ofyouthful political philosophers. Tie public, more especially in this country, do not enquire too curiously into the question of what school a man has been trained, so long asis proves hIimself to be an apt scholar capable of learning from the lessons of experi ence; but a mere ignoramus whlo has no cossdldcnre in himself can never command the confidence of others. It is not difficult to understand what powerful influ ence has been brought to bear in the case--but how was it that the Executive pandered to the ambition of that old man for'a seat on the Bench? For years lsis property has qualified him for the position, but hie never dared ask for it before. Does he thinkb that because, whilst he remained in obscurity, his antecedents were forgotten, yet the world would be equally oblivious when he presumed to pronounce, in a judicial capacity, on the actions of other menP I can scarcely trust myself to expres my feelings of reprobation of tie cuonduct of a Government in appointing to one of the highest poets of honour in its gift, a man who was dis missed with ignominy.b.~.ar.eirtio v earpernmunt. .I. may be called ill-natured in making such a reference to wshatis past; buttheappointment to whicli I allude dis plays something much worse than ill- nature on the part of the Government, and oT him who accepted the ill-de served honour. Still,it appears,in spite of all thathas been said against the practice, the Government yet persist in making magistrates of hired servants of the squatters. IVhen a man is made ajudge'over Isis fellow-men, it does not need a BSolon to assert that he ought to be indepenlent, and not a mere employi of another, liable to bedis missed at any moment. I will alwayse insiat upon it t?iat an ordinary J.P. ought to be as pure and above suspicion as a Judge--even although, if an isitelligent and educated man, he may.perform hIis duties- quite as usefully if he has not technical kndwlee-'of the law. It is not my wish, when I can possibly avoid it, to al lude to persons when I am attacking prisdiples; but I invite the r-eaders of thie Queenslned Times to go through the late Commission, nd satisfv themselves as to how' many names appear on it which are trhoseef servante whose position depends upon thoe.good will of their em pioe en- . ' " . ... . Ipbrave nothing at all to say against ths apppintment asta Justioe of the Peace onf a man whio was.qnly the other day a common policeman: in I~elwieh Iprovied I hea?r from the press and the people orthe locality most affosted that he is thie right. man in the irikht plce. So long as his character is good and hsis fit for the position, I do not ask wlhat helas Jeen but what le is. But the report is certainly preyesit tliat thie SP. in qention becamp such as a reward for politic~tal sireca., 'Beono expressing an opinion on the subjctaeta hl?lt liko to learn what tes people of Maryboroughia hoks.e asy on the subject. I soo that again and again the names.ofpersons av. pit 'down an the Comimission whlo u?terl nselest their: dties, and aever.taketlhei turn on thle b'tel iscord ing to 'the roster. .?-t)ainkecthabt the .pos ee ijt nqtq: every week the names of the sitting iustices, and also to publishl those of the magistrates who acepi-ed the honousn of their ofiLce but shirhked iti'd I. [: the Press has.rlpt the courage to publish, it must fall I short of the duties, horrwever unpleasant they may be, that are expected from it. I lhave already e1eeeded the limits I had laid down to express msselfon this subjeet, but as I haver left muchunsaid r shall recur to it upon an early occasion. TIEODOLITE. 