DEATH OF MR GRATWICKE. (From the Era, December 14.} We announce with deep regret the death of the above named gentleman, which occurred at Ham, near Arundel,: on Friday week last., in the sixty-eighth year of his age. For some weeks he had been suffering from an attack of bronchitis, and a week before his demise but little hopes were entertained that he would recover,. He will be remembered as one of the most kind-hearted and genial sportsmen ever associated with the turf, and also, for his honesty in running his race-horses. By his death his two nominations for the Derby and three for the Oaks became void. Occupying, as he did, so large a share of attenton in the racing world, we. append the following extracts that an interesting memoir of his career, which appeared in " Baily's Magazine" for January last, and for the ac- curacy of which we can vouch. As Mr Gratwicke died unmarried, we have no doubt the whole of his horses in training, which lately went to Harry Goster's, at Littleton, as well as his valuable collection of brood mares, will shortly come to the hammer:— " Mr W, G. R. Gratwicke.was born in 1794, and is a member of a family which has long been settled at Ham, near Angmering, a village o few miles from Arundel, and, like his ancestors, has been successful in culti- vating the good-will and regard both of his tenantry and his neighbours. "Succeeding; to large estates, Mr Gratwicke, in com- ing of age, added to the other amusements of a country 'gentleman's life that of the Turf, the good things of which he has partaken of as frequently as he could an- ticipate, considering the competition to which he has been exposed and. the fickle manner in which Fortune deals with her votaries, lt was in the year 1824 he be- came possessed of his first racer, a mare got by Phantom, out of own Sister to Elector, and for which he gave the trifling sum of £30 to Mr Harrison, of Lewes. Being always on the most intimate terms with the late Lord Egremont, he received permission to put her to Little John, and the produce, a colt, he sold to his lordship, who subsequently parted with him to go to Australia, where he acquired a high reputation as a.sire. The second son by the same horse was Frederick, whom Mr Gratwicke sent to For h, who then trained close by him at Mitchel Grove, and who won him the Derby of 1825, with the first horse he ever tried for that race. And in this respect he was as fortunate as John Scott was for Mr Bowes with Mündig, his maiden Derby horse. Re- lative to Frederick's Derby a curious circumstance occurred, and which is worth recapitulating. In the previous year old Forth had taken a very heavy bet of Mr Crockford about riding and winning on Ex- quisite, but rather liking Frederick the best, he asked permission, to substitute the latter for him, as he rather preferred him. To this request Mr Crockford readily agreed, adding, "He might ride them both for what he cared, as neither had a ghost of a chance.' ln this respect, however, he was de- ceived, as they ran first and second, Forth keeping his promise of riding Frederick, and Buckle junior being intrusted with Exquisite, and 40 to 1 might have been had about either of them, Contented with his success achieved under such extraordinary circumstances, Mr Gratwicke did not increase his stud, and did little worthy of note for several years. In fact, he rarely had more than two or three animals running in his name; and in several instances they were, not worth haring a name bestowed upon them. But in 1841, Margravine, sister to Fredrick, made amends for so long a run of ill luck by producing for him Landgravine, the dam of Landgrave the winner of the Cambridgeshire, and in 1842, Merry Monarch, the winner of the Derby in 1845. As on the occasion of Mr Gratwicke's winning the Derby before there were one or two curious circumstances connected with it, and to which, to render our sketch complete we must give insertion in our pages. In the first place Doleful, who was by Slane out of Frederica, own sister to Frederick, had long been considered the best of the pair, for they had been put together with Faugh-a Ballagh, and the money he had been backed for brought him to 15 to 1, while any odds might have been had about the other. Fearing, however, if by any accident the Merry Monarch might put his head in first, he should be laughed at for not having a shilling on him, shortly before the race Mr Gratwicke took 2,000 to 20 about him, a precaution which prevented the contingency to which we have referred occuring. Barely had so much betting been known upon any Derby as there was upon this one. Lord George Bentinck had backed Ides for an enormous sum, and he had been brought to the post in the most superb condition, with George Edwards on his back, dying to win. The Danebury pair, Old England and Weatherbit, carried thousands of Mr Gully's and the stable. Upon Alarm, Mr Greville stood more money than on any horse he ever had in his life, and the Mid- land racing world, to a man, were on The Libel. How, before starting, these last-mentioned animals came in collision, Alarm kicking Tho Libel, and the latter jump- ing upon Alarm, who throw Nat and ran sway against the chains which bound the course, and was much in- jured, but not sufficiently to prevent him running, and how Pam fell at the bend of the course and was jumped over by Weatherbit and Old England, is a mattor of his- tory. But it was owing, perhaps, to these very circum- stances, and Ides being unable to stay over a mile, that Mr Gratwicke saw another of his breed carry off that race which is the coveted ambition of every member of the Turf. It is not often we see the produce of two half sisters going down in one gentlemen's color, and ridden by two brothers for a race like the Derby. Nevertheless, this was the case in 1845, and as the victory was achieved by an animal bred and not purchased by him, it was the more to be appreciated. The other circum- stance we are about to narrate serves to prove that Rory O'More was wrong when be said " that dreams always went by contraries;" inasmuch as in this instance a Mrs Clifton, the wife of a wine merchant in the Old Jewry, one night in the winter of 1844 dreamed a dream. The fact was not an uncommon one, for many ladies, no doubt, did the same thing. But this lady dreamed that she saw the Derby won by a bay horse, whoso jockey wore a brown body, crimson sleeves, and green cap, and wanted to back it for ten or twenty pounds. Her husband, like most husbands would do, pooh-poohed the dream ; but, being worried to death about it, borrowed The Racing Calendar, for the sake of getting a little peace and quietness, and a discontinuance of the Caudle lectures with which he had been favored. Looking in the list of colors, he could find none like those which had ap- peared to his spouse in her midnight vision ; and he thought the matter ended. But not so, for the lady dreamed a second and third time in succession that the Derby was won by a horse ridden as she had seen before There was no withstanding this treble event, and Mr Clifton promised to take the lady to Epsom, and see whether she could be right in her conjecture. He was as good as his word, and strange to. say, between the publication of the ' Book Calendar' and the Derby day Mr Gratwicke had changed his colors from drab with: green sleeves to chocolate and crimson, which ap- peared for the first time on Doleful, the favorite. Upon this being pointed out.to her, she was asked if she wan- ted to back him. "No.' she replied, * my horse's jockey had a green cap, and I shall stick to him.' Scarcely had she uttered the words when the Merry Monarch went by her with Foster Bell in a green cap, to distinguish him from his brother. 'There he is !' sho exclaimed, in a state of frantic excite- ment ; and sending har husband into the ring, he got 2,000 to 20 about the Merry Monarch for her in less time than he could write it down; and half an hour afterwards saw the money landed, and the wife's dream verified. " After this Derby Mr Gratwicke again went back for three or four years, and on the death of his old trainer (Forth) he transferred is horses to the care of John Kent at Goodwood. His connection with the ducal stable was so far fortunate that in 1856 he won the New- market Handicap in the Spring with Cheerful, and the Cambridgeshire in the autumn with Landgrave. This last race was one of the severest we ever saw on the Heath, and crowned the riding career of Jem Chapple with immortal glory; for the patience with which he rode his horse was almost superhuman, and delighted the admirers of the old school of jockeyship, who were then far more numerous than they are at present. In the following spring Kent had Hesse Homburg ready for him again for the Newmarket Handicap, which she won cleverly; and shortly afterwards she ran third to Nancy for the Chester Cup, giving her a great deal of weight. Owing to the Duke of Richmond's retirement, and John Kent's state of health forbidding him going in training, Mr Gratwicke entered into an arrangement with the Buke of Bedford to train the horses that he bred, and give him a certain proportion out of their winnings. Out of the lot that went up to Newmarket, Sittingbourne was decidedly the best; and if he had not been so un- fortunate as to have came across an animal like West Australian—the greatest horse we have seen stripped for a quarter of a century—he would very likely have won a third Derby for the subject of our memoir, as he ran second to him both for the Two Thousand and The Derby. The connection between Admiral Rous, as the manager of the Duke's horses, and Mr Gratwicke did not last very long, owing to some disagreement about making the yearling engagements; and the latter finding Eskrett, who had been training the horses of Mr Magennis, disengaged, took him by the hand, and in- stalled him.as his preferred trainer at Mitchel Grove, on which ground he has always been so fortunate. The change of scene brought the change of luck so much wanted, as in 1856 the Earl won another Newmarket Handicap, and in 1858, Governess, who had won the Hopeful as a two year-old came out and carried off the One Thousand by a head from Hepatica, and the Oaks (after the first dead heat that ever occurred for that race) with Ellerdale,. being ridden in each in- stance with great skill by Ashmall, whose abandonment of the pigskin for the training stable was severely felt by. his master, who had every reason to be satisfied with his integrity of character and well-conducted manner. As was natural, Governess became afterwards a great favou-. rite for the Doncaster St. Leger, for which race, from her fine commanding stride, she was better adapted than for The Oaks; but going amiss shortly before the race, her preparation was so sadly interfered with she could not be said to have run on her merits, and she at once took leave of the racecourse for the paddock. "In 1859 Mr Gratwieke's greatest triumph was in the Stewards' Cup, with Maid of Kent, whom Johnny Day placed in front of three others, after a slashing set-to with Withington on Montebello, Bottom on Penalty, and Johnny Osborne on North Lincoln, and when there were only four heads between the lot. At the end of the year Eskrett resigned the care of the Ham team, and set up in business for himself at Cannock Chase, and Mr Gratwicke replaced him. with Walter May, who is still, in office, and promises to have a long tenure. He, like his predecessors, strange to say, could not let the first Newmarket Handicap he contended for escape him, and with Ebony we saw him . keep up the charter, and, doubtless, many fresh victories are in store for the young stock of his employer's pnddooks. Thus it will be seen, by a reference to the racing career of Mr Gratwicke, he is one of the most fortunate men on the Turf of the present age, and bears a closer resemblance to Mr Bowes than any other individual we could mention, except that Mr Gratwicke has not been in the habit of backing his horses for the same sums as Mr Bowes, Both have bred, not bought their winners, and the luck of both has ebbed and flowed in turns, and against, neither, has the breath of scandal ever whispered a syllable. For breeding purposes Mr Gratwicke's paddocks, which are with- in a stone's throw of his house, are admirably adapted. As the soil is rich, and the substratum chalk, the land is therefore free from those cold damps which in clayey countries are apt to tell so injuriously on young stock. As one of our most popular writers on studs truly says, ' The best criterion of how a young horse has been done from his foalhood is the development of his.frame as he advances in age.' And we want no better criterion of Mr Gratwicke's experience in the management of his young stock than the size, power, and good looks they present when first stripped on a racecourse. In fact, a Ham " weed" was never yet seen by anybody, so so well does he know how to nick his crosses. At present his breeding stud is composed of the following animals, and the possession of so much good blood and such fine mares as Landgravine, Hesse Homburg, Governess, In- structress, and Maid of Kent, makes him fill up the void which the death of Lord Egremont created in Sussex. " The Ham stallions are Chatham, Robert de Gorham, Student, and Hesse .Cassel; and the brood mares, Flirt, Hesse Homburg, Landgravine, Squaw, Side-Saddle, Oxonian dam, Governess, Maid of Kent, Instructress, and Henrietta. And as good wine needs no bush, so their histories are too well known to require one word of commendation from us." 