The time when the business of l'ailianient will be absorbed in profitable discussion appears to be as remote as ever. Ambition is seemingly the .paramount temperament of the Assembly, and the public weal the least regarded subject of ils dis cussion. The struggle for power, whether to acquire or retain it, is the primary feature of the debates, and parly faction points rather to the re tention or maintenance of place than to the up holding of groat principles. No sooner docs Par. liamcnt re-assi- uible than these indications become prominent. The present session, so far as it has gone, forms uo exception to what may he regard ed as a general rule. While we may give credit to the Government for placing on the notice paper motions of pressing interest to the colony — these of education and the law as it affects impounding — the other side of the House, ever anxious for a ministerial disruption in the hope that in the gene ral scramble power and pay may, even for a brief lime, be its sbare, is preparing itself for an on slaught on the ministerial policy. Quito agreeing with a constitutional opposition as a check-on any existing government, we cannot consent to one of a factious character, that cabals purely for the purpose of ousting a Cabinet. The tactics of the present opposition are early developed. The same cards played during the last session of Parliament are being dealt out in the present one. There is again a rattle amongst the old bones ; the laid ghosts appear again upon the stage; the buried bodies of legislation have been galvanised, and threaten " to push us from our stools." Notices have been given in reference to the late executions, to the dismissal of Mr. Ledger, and the liberation of Owen, the Burrangong rioter. Mr. William Macleuy will ask the House to consent to an ad dress for the continuance of State-aid in the coun try districts ; Mr. Piddington will make a motion in reference to an elective Council, and Mr. Mar tin, who has ever carefully watched over State affairs, so that uo corruption may taint thein and no advantage taken of position by any minister of the Grown, threatens to bring the Government to book for allowing a bank director to fill the office of Colonial Treasurer. Here are the indications, and sufficient too, of an obstructive opposition. No one will probably find fault with the substance of the motion Mr. Martin has put upon the paper, but who can dispute that it would have come with far better grace from any other member of the House. Mr. Martin's antecedents are somewhat | opposed to the supposition of a purity of motive. l'Yw colonists have forgotten the well merited and withering denunciation of the honourable member by Mr. Pluukett when Attorney General; and from the memory of as few has been obliterated the recollection of the part that Mr. Martin took upon the Assessment Bill while he hold the seals of office, even if that little peccadillo of divulging the finance arrangements of his co-ministers ou the spirit tariff be forgotten or placed to the ac count of a matrimonial compact. Air. Martin's ability is undoubted, but is as ofted sadly misused as are the talents of an c-xcellent rogue. Dis trusted by' all parties, he stands a monument of his political defections, aud in whatever ranks he may be found, lie will ever be regarded with doubt and suspicion. His chances of power and place have gone from him fur ever, and although he may prick a Government, he is utterly unable, with any coalition whatever, togive them a death wound, The late executions are threatened to be made the subject of an onslaught on the Cabinet. It is I easy to foresee' how much political capital cau be : made out of them. The attack will be doubly decided ; first on the administration of justice, and secondly on the Executive Council. However much it may be desirable to review the sentences of our courts of law, it becomes a serious ques tion whether they should be handled in that jaunty way in which subjects of the gravest char acter are treated by our present Assembly. So soon as such discussions are tinged with party rancour, the solemnity of Supreme Court decisions is destroyed, and the independence of the -Judges made subservient to a vote of Parliament. We do not deny that great good might arise from ' a temperate debate on such a subject, but the temper of our Legislature forbids the supposition that it would receive a calm and dispassionate consideration at their bands. The dismissal of Mr. Ledger, the Superintendent of Alpacas, is significant as it appears, if not intended as a censure on the Government, is a waste of time that could be more profitably spent. The conduct of the Cabinet with respect to the Burrangong rioters threatens to form a subject for the re-iu- vestigatiou of the whole question. Who will say that the re-opening of this subject is desirable? What good can eventuate to public justice by a return to an enquiry. into a matter that lias long since been regarded as an unfortunate episode in the history of our gold-field's m nagement. Dis posing of these special impertinent motions we come to Mr. Mucleay's resolution for an address to the Governor for State maintenance of Protestant aud Catholic clergy of the rural districts. When the broad question was before Parliament we took occasion to point out that the principle sought to be established could not be couibatted by the rule of expedience; that what was lata 1 Jo the interests of religiou in large, communities was equally so to those numerically smaller. This principle has had the assent of Parliament, and by the last mail we leant that la reinc Ic neul. The question both as to the principle and expedi ency has been debated in the Houses of Parliament and canvassed pretty fiercely as well us temper ately by the public out of doors, and we hoped that now it was settled there would be no attempt to revive it, more especially as it gave rise for the time to factious feeling ami bitterness 'of ex pression. Air. ALicleay lias, however, thought proper to make an attempt to qualify tlie uboli- I tiuii of the State-aid Act by a side- winded motion > to place the country clergy on a State allowance. It can scarcely be expected that the House, after having affirmed the principle embodied in the Act, will so stultify itself by passing the resolution proposed. If the principle be wrong, the large centres of population are as much entitled to state aid as the more sparsely habited portions of the colony ; and in expediency the most " expe dient " statesman since the days of Sir It. l'cel would scarcely justify the violation of such a princi ple upon such grounds. Air. Alacleay can have no hope of getting the Assembly to afliun bis resolu tion ; lie. cannot cherish one, and the motion is consequently directed more to the embarrassment of the ministry and the delay of the public busi ness than to any practical result. Another notice of . motion lias been placed on the business paper. It refers to the constitution of the Legislative Council. The Government certainly lias not shown anything like a determined spirit to deal with this question. Undoubtedly it is not the most inviting one to handle, but constituted as political society is in these colonics, it presses ou public atteution with special force. With a work ing majority in the lower chamber, the ministry of the day are at present in possession of the power to carry their measures in the Council, de spite of any temporary obstruction, by the creation of new members. On all sides it is admitted that : to cure an evil which pertains to all hereditary ri 1 nominated bodies, but which, although threatenc-d. lias never been experienced in the House of Lords, but which no tradition could stay in this country, the Legislative Council should be made elective. There is no disputing the point; and the only question at issue is as to the qualifications of electors and elected and the division of the ter ritory. Will Air. Piddington grapple with these debuteable subjects, or does -lie simply intend to affirm a principle that lias long since bec-n ad mitted. To stop short, of asking the House to consent to the elective principle on the broad basis of manhood suffrage aud a wide range of the area of electorates, so as to give scope to the public voice without it being affected by localism, would be a mere obstruction to the business of the country and another iustance of how easy it is to cripple the usefulness of Parliament by mere poli tical technicalities. Dr. Wilsou lias a motion on the paper with reference to church and school lands. The honourable member is certainly entitled to commendation for perseverance, but it is doubtful whether he will induce the Council to sanction his resolution. The pressing of the ques tion, with regard to these lands, is inopportune and will form another obstacle of delay to the consideration of more important matters. Every | member of the Legislature, no doubt, considers lie is not performing bis part to the couutiy unless he puts some motion or other on the paper and addresses " Mr. Speaker " a few times during the session, but they rarely consider that often these notices of motion and their few word3 addressed to the chair are great hindrances to the important business of the country.. Having thus disposed of some of the motions that are at present ou the paper of the House, we may ask to what good purpose do they tend ? If not useless, or other wise mischievous, they are directed to the embar rassment of the Government. If there be any solid grounds for displacing the present Cabinet we would like them to be placed before Parlia ment in a tangable and intelligible form, and dealt with in a constitutional manner ; but it would be well for those who take the initiative to be prepared to furnish the Treasury Benches ' with another ministry which would command a roiking majority and the confidence of the j lountry. i 