THE GHOST-WE ALL. SAW IT. I WISH lo premise that I em myself . believer in ghosts. I have too tbe pleasure of a slight acquaintance with Mr» Home, and am by no means so convinced asjsome people seem that that gentleman ia an importer, Tbie admls» eion may indispose some to pat faith io my atalemenlav It so, I am sorry, bat osnnot help it. The thing is trae., We all Baw it. Others have seen it besides ourselves ; many others, I wish alao io premire tbat the eironmetanees I am about to relate have not affeoted one way or another my former belief. It is neither weakened nor strengthened by what we saw. I will tell you why presently. It was ibjot a month ago. We were a large party,*) very large one. A holiday party bent on a full allowance of Baster enj jyment, thinking of anything but the grisly King ot Terrors. Suddenly the room grew dark. An invisible band seemed to abut out,as with a thiok euitaln, tbe brilliant glow of day. A solitary lamp, lighted for some former purpose of amusement, and apparently for. gotten on a distanttable, alono threw a few ft ebie rays of light athwart tbe gloom of the spacious apartment. Ever* that eeemed to burn with a grim and unearthly.lustre* Still we were not awed. Perhaps numbera gave us oourage. Perhaps-but I will cot waste words in ooo. j clure. Enough that at all events our high spirits carried, ue through. One even, more reckless Ibsn the rest, eat.' olaimed r "Now is the time for a ghoBtl Bat hs should corna iflfft three knoeh$ in the regular way. , Bap I Bapl Bapl . t , . ., '. HoBb I" v T-.-i.f, Bapl Bip I Bapl . I, " Who le Iberer* i,.-^..-. . ., Noone. The door is opened, There ls no one-oat. aldo.' ' ; ?" ?' ! . ' ? ' . .. .. . ->-it Baot Bapl Bspf ' '~r " Ooma in I" . ii Tbe door did not-open now. There was no Inp-no opening in papered wall or oarpeted floor. No gratina; .a of lifted window1 or eliding panel ; no sound aave'ee of the wind Bighing wildly through some dlBtant cor» ridor. ' 1 ' ? ?? 1 1 ....?.<<. '.?-??!. Bat It orme in I It I The nameless1, the terrible one! Or rather, It mai (her« / There before ni all, where bat that moment, for eome pnrpoBe of amusement, a wide, spree had been cleared, There, right in tba gleam of tho solitary lamp. .? Tall, shadowy, motionless. Draped from head to foot in long, shapeless robes of white. Dim and indiatinet at first, as tboagb bnt some nsBoent vision sketched lightly by fancy's penoil on tbe nnsnbstantial afr, Olearer and sharper BB the dim outline filled elowly in with fold after fold of tbe long gie.ming robe. Standing oat at lett plain aa nome sonlptorod form. Evin now Bhadowy end unreal, for tba furniture of the room, the piotnres on tbe wal), were showing plainly through its form. Then slowly Ibo whits robes parted, the gleaming tell waa lifted from the head. The folded arms flung beek their covering and stretched themselves as though to feld us in their grasp, ind it Blood confessed, < A skeleton I Were none of us startled then f Did no one in that throng, but now io joyous, thrill witb nnntterabla horrors mw ? One at l<ait retained bisoourage, Grasp. ing the firBt weapon (bat came to band, be rushed for. ward and aimed a feorlul blow rt the speolrt. The blow fell harmless upon the empty sir. Again hs struok; thia time with Blower and surer aim, and again the heavy ' weapon passed harmlessly through the terrible figure. He rushed recklessly forward, and etrove to grasp the apeolre with bia hands I He pasted «gain and again over the very spot where the hideous apparition atilt waved in triumph its bony arms and grinned horribly with Its fleshless lips. It waa nothing-a vision-im. palpable as the air from wblob it grew. "Tho earth hath bubbles as tho water hath : And this was of them." It was gone I Bot it bsd beso there I ssw it myself. Weeli stir' . it. Here, io this very bandoo, in whlob I write. Here, et-well, " in point of fact," as oonsin Emms says-at Ibo Polytechnic I We ssw another there too, when sa Professor Pepper read to ns tbe first chapter of Mr. Dlokene'a " Hannted Man," the whole soene, es be deiorib«d it, poseed befara ns on the little Btsge, and the "double" or the brood. ' lng alchemist gild d slowly to bis side, and showed bim the vision of bia dead Bieter in ber bridal robes, and drew bim cunningly 'info the fatal eompaot, and tbea vanished once more into kindred darkness. And we aaw yet another, and a still better one, at the Britannia Theatre, where our old friend the skeleton played a part in o real drama "of thrilling interest," with all the "appliances and means to baot" of one of the best apppointed stages In London. And now I will tel) you bow it ia that this very excel- lent ghost bas in nowise altered my previous belief upon tbe sutjeot. I giant yon that ho is perfoot. Nothing can te more horribly real, and at the same time more horribly unreal, tban this " patent" apparition when pro« perly m snaged. Nothing can be more ingenious than the oplloal arrangements by which this singular delusion is cHunted, and 'whlob Professor Popper has kindly per. mit ted me thoroughly to examine. Some day, with his permission, I may expl.in to my readers the whole appa- ratus, »iib diagrams to illustrate ila working. They will then see that the machinery is far too ooBtly and too. cumbrous for use in cburobyarda and haunted rooms, and other plaoea where spectres "most do congrégate.*» Yon might joet as well aooount the fiery dragona of old . ?i produota of tbe Hydrogen mioroaoopp. Bot aa an optleal delation lt 1B perfeot, and more than deserves tbe onormona inoooBB lt bee obtained. Alaal that ever sooh saoaees ahoald be to grievously alloyed. Poor Professor Pepper I» Into what a hornet's nett baa he thrust bis head In Ibis harmless exerelae of bia in. I gennlty for the pabilo amusement. What showers of abuse he undergoes for not at onoe revealing bia Inno, eeot seoret. What vir'mos indignation is burled at bia poor "pstenl" ghost. What shoals of letters does he reserve from half the alphabet,A to O, furiona at teing able to find ont nothing about lt, and tbe othes ball still more farlouB beoause it thinks-poor deluded P to Z-that it bas found out «ll. Poor Professor I Let us hope bia troubles will not redaos him to play tbe part , of his own Rhoat.fcd.raise a new exaltement by haunt- ing {n+prSpka ptrtona the eoene of hi* triompha and bl» ? WÖBS.-Q. W. A.-One» a JP»ek._ " The Quast Illusion was Inventad by Mr. n. Dlroke. O.B.-. and has slags bf sa inproved' and patentad by Messri. Ciro af aodt. lappar. 