. OBN-BUBIÀI,. TO IDE, EDITOIt O» THE EMPIRE. sin -among me numeious communications-in " prosa and woree"-wbioh Uno appeared inyonr oolumnBnpon tbB Bubjoot of, urn-burial, the letter of 0. Bi exposes a. serious evil wbioh must'not be' lost'sight- of, and to ¡ which, bad I been aware of it when I delivered my loo tare, I eborlld not have negleoted tbe opportunity of di reefing pablio attention-namely, that the?< Band wick I Oametery drains into the Sydney Water Ueatrve. It -weald bo impossible to, exaggerate tbe serious-: ¡ness of this "nuisance.! .Those diseases whiah' tbe öoirupt exbalttions 1 and' fluids of grave- yards eitber directly exalts, i or to whiob they prédispose the patient, are putrid and low fevers of, ail kinds. l-.Tbo two great; remedial agents in (base affec- tions aro pure air and puro water. ;VVoe to tba deluded aoflarer, however^ who, with evory drought of water, drinks additional poison instead bf health, adding fuel to the fire which is aontutping bim I So easy 1B it to turn nature's best boons into cursos I, ' The moro we consider tho subject of arc-bur iii- tbe' moro manifest and nrgent do its claims beaomt. Tba study' cf tbe; history of various-modes'of sepulture hos lcd ne ld thia conclusion'tbbt putrescentanimal-'ra at tor* not only prédisposes to oboleia and typhus, but ls tba diroot exciting cauro [of {plague ¡ that is, I believe that were there no graveyards, and siinllar nuisances, there would1 bo no.Buah disease as plague, and, therefore, that the adoption of urn-burial would preclude tbe possibility of, tbat.droad/ul scourge ever vloitinj'our shores. 1 baso this ocnolusion upon two fads. 1st, Tba symptoms of the peculiar, and often fatal fever excited by exposure to putrid animal exhalations and juices, ara identical with those of plague,' even to tho oharctetistio oiilioal bnboea of (hat disease; 3nd, Thone oountries wbicb sra subject to tbe most frequent visitations of plague sro notoriously Bog'iger.t cf all sanitary prccau* ticos with regard to sepulture. , Th« aaalent Rff*Bll*M, in tba-a»rfor»».ana« ot both, privets »od pnblia dotier ware e remarkably.cleanly people, PNgaa we» unknown) ? In »nof»it- -Egypt, Tba starting point for . plagas DOW it - ia Ncrtbern Egypt, Their grave yard! »re a aett ing mai» ot eorruptipn, " Tba grève ia ga nar a I ly oat mora (bao eighteen (nebea in depth, and in many irstannes tba bodyW* covered only by a thia coat of'aaod. There are thirty-fife baria! gronnda ia Cairo, eaob oie a «entre of pestilence; deg» and hyenas prow) aAoot them at night, and feast on the oorpaee; millions of flies, generated by beat of climate sod putrefaction, infest the tar daring the day, and eomtthnes by contaoXoommuoi e:te plagne to the r. »«sera, by.»* airjamea MoGregor, who lal the medinl-ohavge of tba army, which waa brought from India, .to Egypt in 1001\. expresses his belief tbat " the eontegion of plagne is seldom or never ont of Egypt.1* From Egypt pl- gae travel» through Syria to Turkey. A north wind will oltsn arrest its progress. It loves the hamid beat of tba low landa and coast Hoes,, finding here the moat favourable conditions for putrt-faotioo. Dr. Mackenzie wi it ea in 1783:-'* Toe plague ia now more frrquent in tbe levant than it was when 1 first esme into the eoudtry about thirty years ago;" .. circumstance which he. attribatos to: the "greater communication, by eommeree.* A glanoo at - the conditions of tao graveyards in these eonntries «ill reveal another and more constant otu s e. The cemeteries oa the Asistió aide cf Ccnatantl. copie are thus vividly deuoribed in thc first chapter of the third volume of Hope's Anaatasini :-" A dense and motionless cloud' of stagnant vapours ever shrouds these dreary realms. From atar a chilling sensation informa - tba traveller that he approaches their dark and dismal, preoincts; and aa he entera them an icy blast, riaing from their inmost besom, rushes forth to meet bie» breath, suddenly (trikes bis chest, and saema to oppose bis progress.. His vary horse snuffs up the deadly einavia with signs of manifest terror, and, exhaling a cold and clemmy sweat, advanoas reluctantly over a hollow ground wbicn sha'es as be treads it, and loudly re-eoboes his slow and fearfal step. Sc long and so bssily has tlcae. been at work te fill this obosen spot,.so repeatedly bas Const «ntloople poured into this ultimate receptacle almost its whole oontents, that the capital of the living, spite ol its immense population, ojaroe counts a singla: breathing Inhabitant for every ten silent inmates of thia eily of the dead. Already do ila fiolda ol blooming oeput otires stretch far ' away on every side, across tho-brow of the , hills and the bend of tba valleys : i already .are the avenues wbioh cross each I olber afc, every Btep in this, domain of death so lengthened, that the weary, stranger, from vgbataver. point' he eomeB, still fiadB before him many-a dreary ' mile of road between marshalled tomba and naonrnin] cypresses ere he rceohi s bis jpurney's seemingly reaed 1 ing end ; and yet, every year doss thia oomaioa patri- mony of all tba heira to decay »till exhibit a ropidly increasing size, a fresb and wider line of bouoAu?, and a new belt of yoong plantations growing up between new, fl .wsr-beds of graves. "Aa I hun i td on through Ibis awful repository, the - palo far-strotobing monumental »enges roía, la - Bight, end again receded ' rapidly fr»m my . vie« . in - inoh unoeasing snaoBSsion, that at last I fancied soma snell possosscd my soul-some fascination kept looked: my sennes;, and I, therefore, still inoreased my speed, aa if only on quit- ting these melancholy abodes I aonld hopo to shake o(E my waking delusion. Nor was lt until near that verge ot the funereal forest through whian I had been, peeing for a foll hoar, a brighter light again gleamed athwart the ghost-like trees, that I stopped lo look rouad and to take a more leisurely survey of tho ground willoh I bad traversed, "Therr./'sald I lo myself, .' llcysoarca one foot beneath the Butftoe of a swelling soil, ready to buist at every point with its festering oontents, isaorethin half the generations whom death has oontlnnod to mow down for near four osntnries in the vast catital ol lelamism." The hot dry winds from the desert/, which arrest putrefaction, (top also the progress of plague, exaetly as a bot wind in Sydney, whiob dries up tbe oarrion in out street B, alters tbe type of low fevers, . If, Sir, the oanolaslon I have arrived at be correct; I nord not apologise for ocaapying <to much of your valuable space, opon this subject. Under any oiroum stanens,' the corner burials qeose In the graveyards ot. Bandwiob, tbe better for the health and lives of the inhabitants of Sydney. I am.-Slr. vonrs.'&c.;,' * JOHN LE GAY BRERETON, M.D. Xatilsb Batb, November 31. I 