MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. COASTERS IN WAKDS, July 24—Marion, Barnes Bay, firewood ; Rebecca, Huon, timber, potatoes and fruit; Fly, Port Cygnet, timber; Mystery, Cutwater, produce; Sisters, Port Cygnet, timber ; Skipjack, Huon, timber and potatoes ; Redwing, l'ort Cygnet, timber. THE COLLISION BETWEEN THE RELIANCE AND SALCOMBE CASTLE.—We understand it is the intention of the Marine Board to hear the statements of Captain Riddle, Mr. Pilot Bleach, and others, at 11 o'clock this morning. The ship Isabella Brown went into the stream yesterday, and will sail for Sydney to-day. The Boomerang, which arrived yesterday, : cleared Port Phillip Heads on Monday last, and had fine weather throughout the passage. No vessels were seen. The Britons' Queen soils for Auckland to-day with a full cargo of potatoes and other produce. At sundown, last evening, the barqne Free Trader, from Port Albert, was in Blackman's • Bay. The barque Gleacoe, from Port Albert, and brig Union,from Newcastle, were in Opossum Bav ; and the Juno, outward bound, for Duoedii'i, was off South Arm. Wind, north, light. The schooner Saleombe Castle, which arrived from Wsngaroa on Thursday afternoon, is discharging her timber at the Franklin Wharf. Captain James reports leaving Waigaroa on the 26th ult., and encountering strong westerly winds until reaching 152 ° E. lat., and from that to making tlie land on Monday had N. E. winds. On the 22nd instant, when off the Hippoly to Rock,, the vessel was struck by a heavy sea, carrying away the dingy. With reference to tlie collision with tlie Reliance, Captain James reports, that when beating up the river, and in Blackmail's Bay, while " in stays," his vessel was struck by the brig Reliance, carrying away bulwarks, stanchions, and cbainptatcs. [This statement, as will be at once been, is confirmatory of Pilot Bleach's report.] The whaling barque Aladdin came up into the cove yesterday, and was berthed at the new wharf. Captain Nichollshas furnished us with the following report—June J8, Bpoke the Water Witch, out from Hobsrt Town since the 2nd October 1962, with 44 tuns oil. The Adeline Gibbs of New Bedford reported the Maid of Erin of Hobart Town since the 17th July 1802 with 17 tuns oil. The James Allen of New Bedford had secured 17 tuns since leaving Hobart Town on the 6th Febuary I8S3. The barque Mermaid of New Bedford with 900 : barrels oil, and on the 21st July the Southern Cross was spoken with 37 tuns oil, The Aladdin has been oat from Hobart Town gincethe 8th Febuary 1662. . The Eucalyptus, from Hobcrt Town, arrived at IfcUxMinwentbaSUAiMfc The steamer Tasmania arrived at 10 20 a,m. after a fine run of 46 hours from Williamstown baring left at noon' on Wednesday, Captain Clinch reports sighting the 8.8. Gothenburg, bound from Dunedin to Melbourne^ on Thuraday, about twenty miles to the westward of Goose Island, with loss of mizenmast. A schooner was seen on Thursday night. The Tasmania has brought over six seamen, being a portion of the creir of the wrecked barque General Jcssop, • The barque Chtfilina Keh3aU "for llobart Town with 400 tons coals left Newcastle ou the 13 th inst DANGERS OF SCREW PROPELLEBS.—Had the Orpheus been a paddle steamer, it is' probable she might have got over the bar safely. The moment a screw vessel strikes she injures the sternpost and bearings of the propeller, so that her machinery is useless. As the wheel is on the surface, it is not so liable to damage. The screw has been the cause of many a fatal issue to a wreck. Screws under either counter are less likely to be disabled.—' Mitchell's Steam Shipping Journal.' TRAGIC AFFAIB ON THE HIGH SEAS.—The Titanis, Hamburg barque, has just arrived at Woosung, from Manila. An Italian took a passage in her for Shanghai ; and during a gale of wind off Formosa, on the 4th June, the Italian, taking advantage of the captain looking at bis chart in the cabin, some time during the night, rushed on him and inflicted several severe wounds with a knife. The captain rushed on deck immediately, pursued by the Italian, who, losing sight of his victim, rushed furiously on the mate, inflicting several seven wounds on him, also, exclaiming at the time, " I will take the ship to Shanghai," The crew then came up to the mate's assistance, and he (the Italian) was knocked down by one of the men with a handspike, and killed on the spot The captain and mate are recovering from their wounds.— 'Shanghai Shipping News,' June. FOUNDERING HF THE S CHOONER ALVEDA.—- Captain Argent of the GipBy, from Twofold Bay, arrived yesterday, and has kindly supplied us with the following particulars, which be received from Captain l'ryde: The Almeda left Sydney, bound to Melbourne, on tbe 30th ultimo, having on board 2060 bags maize, Anderson, Campbell, and Co.; 70 tons animal charcoal, Colonial Sugar Company ; 80 casks tar, W. Dean and Co.; 200 bundles laths, Wilkinson, Brothers, and Co. Tlie schooner was proceeding well on her voyage until the 6th instant, when she experienced the heavy weather that has lately visited the southern coast. Thefollowing day (Tuesday), the vessel being very deep, and the violence of the gale increasing, she went down within six miles of the land, near Green Cape and close to where the ill fated City of Sydney (s.), was lost. The captain and all bands escaped, landing in an exhausted condition. Captain Pryde was taken in one of the station whaling boats to Twofold Bay. When the first news of the disaster was known, horses were at once got in readiness to convey the crew to the township. They however, had not arrived up te Saturday night. It appears the Almeda was struck by a heavy sea, and not being able to recover herself started one of her lower planks. Tbe crew were employed for many hoars in pumping, but to no avail, the tar having broken and loose, surrounded and almost covered them to their middle. The Almeda was the property of the captain and insured for £1400 in the Derwent and Tamar Office, Melbourne. The maize shipped by Anderson, Campbell, and Co., and the captain's effects, an insured at Mr. Smyth's underwriters—the former for £1200, and latter £100; and the freight at the Pacific for £300 : making a total of £3000. Previous to her leaving Sydney she underwent a thorough repair, at a cost of £300. Herald' July 16. The subjoined extracts from the report of the , passage of the Hamlet's Ghost, schooner, from : Bennett's Whaling Station on tlie Chesterfield - Group, in latitude 19 deg. 58 min. S., and longitude 158 deg. 28 min. E., are interesting, j The report was furnished to the 'Brisbane i Courier' by the master and owner of the ! schooner. Wednesday, June 17.—At noon she : left the station in company with the barque ; Offley, Robinson, master, of Hobart Town, six ! weeks out, all well, lie desired me to report j him, and from him I received every kindness ; that the case demanded, he giving me charts, clothes, a compass, preserved meats, &c.; I ; having lost everything in the schooner except • two chronometers and a quadrant. From Captain Wybrow, of the Bonnie Doon, I received yams and preserved meats, and ..was., .ftlfff was as hearterly answered by the crew of the Hamlet's Ghost. The assistance rendered to me by the two vessels I am truly thankful for, and shall often think nf it with pleasure. We had steady breezes from E.S.E. and S.E., and fine weather. Thursday, June IS.—Steady breezes from S.E., and fine wea- j ther. Steering to the S. and W. for Wreck j Reef, in company with the barque Ofiley, j she having kindly offered her com- j pany and assistance as far as Wreck 1 Reef, which was eargerly accepted, as the boat was making a little water. Latitude at noon, 21 degrees 22 minutes S., longitude, 157 degrees 5 minutes E. Friday, June 19.—At 4 p.m. Wreck Reef bore S. W. true 70 minuteB ; steady breeze and fine weather. 9 p.m., light N.E. winds ; midnight, ditto. At 4 a.m. light N.E. and showers; at 6 a.m., Wreck Reef; bore W.S.W. 35 minutes; at 8 a.m., light N.N.E wind ; parted company with Offley. At noon, latitude by observation, 22 degrees 7 minutes S.; longitude, 156 degrees 5 minutss ] 5 seconds E. Saturday, June 20.—Light winds and variable, principally S.S.W. At six p.m. spoke the brig Victoria, Comstock, master, six weeks out ; clean ; had tea on board of her, and obtained a few candles and two tins of pre- served meat; he told me that the brig Amherst and barque Caernarvon, and several American vessels, were to the southward ; we parted company from him, and stood to S W. Winds light, and veering to tbe S.E.; midnight puffy, and heavy rain ; lightning, S.E.; shortened sail. At four p.m., fresh breezes from S.E., and showers, with heavy Bea. At noon—latitude, obi., 22 degrees 26 minutes, S.; longitude, 155 degrees 54 minutesJ30 seconds E.; squally; S.S.W., winds, and heavy sea. Monday, June 22.— Fresh breezes S.S.W., and fine ; noon to 4 p m., steady and fine ; midnight, puffy, and lightning from S.E, and S.; at 4 a,m., nasty cross sea on, tacked to W., winds light and variable; at 8 a.m., barque Ettza, of New Bedford, Devoule, master, iu sight; exchanged colorB; WEB boarded by him, and supplied with water, pork, and some oil; desired me to report him 32 months out, with 1,000 barrels of sperm, and last from Monganui, N.Z. At noon, latitude, by observation, 23 degrees 30 minutes S.; longitude, 156 degrees 30 minutes E. —'S. M. : j ? 