Victoria Thkatrb. — The ' Castle? Spectre' has proved so excellent a medium f&r; - displaying the talents of the new Ghost thatit h as- kept its place in the bills ever since Monday, an* the admirable manner in which the Ghost iv managed has nightly attracted large audi-5nce#- to the theatre. To night will be performed the drama of' Rip Van Winkle,' in which 'Mr,. Burford appeared so successfully in addition to the attraction of the Ghost in the Castle Spectre,, and on Monday will be performed for the first timr an original tragedy entitled ' Raymond Lori of Milan.' The period at which the action takes place is one wen cnosen tor dramatic purposes being that in which the opposing factions of the Guelphaand: Ghibelines tore the greater part of central Italy to pieces by tneir dissensions. The principles of these two parties are represented by the two* chief characters of the play, Ecoelino di Romans and Raymond the hero of the tragedy, respectively F - the former of whom was one of tbe most cruel and sanguinary tyrants whose actions dishonour the page of history and the latter in his desire to free Milan from the power of Romano fell a victim to the tyrant,. The extensive acquirements and fine taste of the author E. Reeve, Esq., have raised expectations very high in Sydney as to the merits of ' Raymond,'' expectations which we have no doubt will be fully realised by the success ef the performance. Never* before we believe has as original dramatic com position of high character been presented te 'ther public of Sydney, and it will be a source of gratifi cation to every lover of art to be enabled to congra tulate Mr. Reeve, not only on success deserved, but' in success achieved by the representation of hi& tragedy of Raymond. An apparition appears in one am of the tragedy, and for this the services of (he patent Ghost will of course be call into requisition^ The afterpiece will be devoted to the appearance* o£ the Ghost in new and startling effects. The Election and Qualification committee have brought up a report to the effect that Mr. R^. Forster, the member for New England, having ac cepted an office of emolument, has rendered hi& seat vacant; that Mr. Love, the member for West Sydney having acceped, as trustee in an insolvent^ esute, the situation of post master at Redfern, and being such at the time of his election, his seat is also liable to be declared vacant. The committee donptr say tnat Messrs. Holroyd and Driver, when acting; legally' for the crown have rendered their seats liable ^o be dtclared vacant, but they strongly cGOr ilemn the system of giving briefs to legal gentle men whilst holding se;its iu the Assembly. If the two first named gentlemen were illegally in the Assembly, the question arises, was the Slate Aid Abolition Bill legally passed when they voted it*. the matter: New Zealand. — The steamer Claude Hamilton arrived yesterday mornitig having left Aucklasd on the 1st instant. There is not much' important news from the seat of war, both the troops and the Maoris being still actively engaged; iu preparing for hostilities duriag the coming ^ summer. A skirmish had takea place between x party of road workers ami the enemy, in which two of the troops were killed. It appears tint having laid. their arras aside they were engaged at their work when the Maoris stole upon them an& seizing their guns they fired upon them killing, two. Appointments. — Mr. John Jones, to be »? Pilot tor Port Jackson. Mr. Michael D'Arcy to be Clerk in the department of Customs, at New cistle. Gbnkral Jackson, — Amid all the pas*- ., stonate ill feeling engendered by the war it ia ' pleasant to see with what genuine, almost affec^ donate rogret and soirow, the public of tbff Nortn has received the news ot' tbe untimely death of General Thomas Jufferson Jackson— - ^ rhe ' Stonewall' Jackson of iriends and foes — -?? '4 and almost aa popular in the Federal' as iu the '' Oinjfuderate States. Tne newspapers of aFf shades of politics, with the, single exception ofe' the New York Times and a correspondent of fntf Evening Post, who is evidently a war contracor^, l-av« united in eulogy of bis character »aa regret for his death. Those most violently4 opposed to his cause admit that be wan a gentleman, a hero, and a Christian ; tbat ha at least was no braggart, no drunkard, no proiane- : swearer, ho coward, no idle, v«in, conceited? adventurer advanced to high rank for political reasons; but a brave soldier, a true man, a* genuine patriot (though misjudging) and that in his whole career was to be discovered ikx fault hut the one of not having fought for the? : Uaiou. The journals do not in this case leadV but follow public opiniou. it is the genereB I sentiment of all classes 'which they express,., and to which there are foiv exceptions to be* fownit buyoad the limios of- the furious conven- ' jticlus and the puritancial tea-table ; aud, abova= jali, i.bey are proud that Jackson was arK ! American, and that such a soldier should have* [appeared, although on tbe wrong side, to shedi; ? jlie light of poetry and romance upon at leasfc one page of the future histnty of tbe war. — Nevp York correspondent of tho Times. 