EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN NEWS. (Ftrom the Home 'ews.) AN English officer of high connections, who has been a resident in Holland more than thirty years, on account, it is said, of a duel in England, in which he killed his adversary, will be tried next month for the wilful murder of a Dutch officer, his neighbour. The prisoner is about seoventy years of age, and is known under the alias of Somerset Lee. His son is at the present moment the high oberiff of an im portant Irish county, Mr. John Laird, the builder of the rains now under seigure by tihe government ts being destined for the Confederate service, presiding recently aS the distribution of prizes to the volunteers at Birlcen. lhead, entered at some length into the question of national defences. Ho condemned the appointment of Sir William Armstrong to the office of eogiaeer in-chief of rifled ordnance, on the ground that no man who had himself an invention to recommend should be appointed to such an office. Ilo then went into the subject of ship-building, and strongly urged the adoption of the cupola plan, which can be armour-plated so as to be rendered impenetrable, and by which the heaviest guns canu be worked. Heo referred to the famous Alabama, which he was not ashamed to say had been designed and built by his sons, which had never been caught, and which had defied the power of 400 ships, As to the assertion that .tih Alabama made her escape out of dock, it was nonsense. With reference to the suspected ships now building, Mr. Laird did not enter into any direct explanations, but he plainly intimated that it would be found that the shipbuilders had not trans gressed any law in talhing the contracts for theem, and that there was no law to justify the inteiference of the government. The Dutch papers announce tlhat the consul general of Holland and all the Dutch hayo been ordered to quit Japan immediately. Orders have been issued at the lagueo for the despatch of four vessels of war to Japan, to be employed as tlhe consul-general may deem advisable, or to act in pon cert with England, if desirable. A Settr Run Doyn si Y Tatse Gat.uT ExescttN. The Great Eastern, which arrived at Liverpool on Sunday morning, "whilo of} Cape Clear on Friday evening, ran down a ship called the naie, 'aptsin Dulf', bound from Liverpool to Quebec. Toss of tho crew of the latter were killed by tho collision. The Jane lef Liverpool on the 10th instant. A project has been broached in Nsew York for paving the streets with iron and conducting the traffie by steam carriages moving on theso iron floors. It is urged that the saving to clothing, fur niture, and goods from damago by dust and mud would be enormousu that tho resistance on clean iron floors would he small, the wear on ecarriages slight, and the noise but trifling in comparison with what it is at present. Shoes, it is reprcseoted, would wear much longer on iron sido-walks than on stone. The ghost is just now the tatlk of London. Every dead wall is covered with pictures of him as he ap pears at the Polytechnic, thoAdelphi, and the hun dred and one music-halls. His latest reported up pearaneo is in the library of tho lord chancellor, in Hampshire. The genotlemen who allege themselves the inventors of thIe ghost wanted to get tihe great seal passed to their patent; a .numnber of other gen tleues, who have beel opehlibiting thIp glhost delsioel that the invention was novel, atni the ghost cam5,0 ol am portable stageo before Lord Westbury, to knowS whether or no he was to be sealed with Mr. Wo'o?a beautiful seal. The lord chancellor decilded that the attorney-general having passed the patent, tbohe in ventors should have the sealing-wex they'osd the ghost desired, leaving the objectors their remedy by ordinary course of law. E"'rrl?ontsA?ly C.+as or WITCnenA?'T AT IItsic?lorai.-fBelfore 'tihe niagistrates at' CGastl Iledingham on Tuesday, Emma Susith, thirty-sis, ael Samuel Stammers, tweslty-eiglt, were charged with hlaving unlawfully .assnulted ans old Fren.chman, called Dummny, and thereby causing his deatlh Tlie victim was a deaf and dumb Froenchuan, whdso alu eas about eigh?ty, some perudns suppose hin tl O , been about eighty-six years. Being unable to1' ct "l' n-7d bein"n of a rather vivacious ' lecnrtly, no o d to moho use of boevs ?i?i grotesque gestures, which , su.'.st. gnera(lly as cabolistic and t .e was ceoneqcuently regarded i, ov , t ((ternorblhe owe. Ic led :r 0as rll hot Evidence at great length crh fI;atory of the account proviously to0 e •0ion, from which it appeared that :~ wt, iast the deceased was at thie Swan i 3nm, where between forty and lifty 'g ero· assembled. One of them, the f wes present, and complaining of ijicl itd by the deceased, asked him b. iher to ttake the spell off. IIe : ?0 i t trbance took place; the old man id yeerOal people, including the other t(fterwyards seized and thrown into a bdragged, and carried into a mill s bh -was again ducked, and finally ho me, w~here he subsequently died. : olvidence showed that death resulted . , lof the duckings. At the close of the :to prisoners were committed for trial. Iso of literary plagiarism is engaging 1iu0 in the two universities, greatly to r of Cambridge. The Camden t!a best Latin poem on "India Pucifi '>0) ar awarded to Mr. F. W. II. Myers, of rinlty College. The poem 'having :d, eyes quicker and more critical than eexaminers perceive that a large portion a more than one- fourth of it-has been for line, and word for word, from the oyf Oford. Much speculation is going i 0rsity as to what action the authorities i the matter. So flagrant a case of pla (nnot be overlooked; and the general Ith the examiners will have to review onp, and call upon Mr. Myers for an cx of his conduct.-Athenoum. Sf. GrACE, TIlE GREAT GENTLE?MAN n ,...r. Et. M. Grace is a Gloucestershire s tleOty.second year, and from childhood the West Gloucestershiro and other tubs. Ilis fielding' is first rate; he can tlace in the field, being a good long-stop, Iog-leg and cover are the places to make jf him. Ilis bowling is decidedly useful; its underhand slows as well as fast round dis slows, like nearly all slows since the ;larke, it is enough to say they have their 3; but in his round-arm bowling he has eand; it is very good of the kind, thought description. But it is in batting that Mr. I won his chief renown. lie ended last :h his great innings of 192, at Canterbury; Season his average, calculated in twelve matches or twenty-one innings, is just if these twelve matches, threoe wre against ond Elevens, three were on the All ,ide against from eighteen to twenty-two :d, two were North and South matches, and Sfour were first-class country matches. Sadvantage he has over almost all the great f. the day is, that he got up his play very life. HIls skill has been attained before eye have lost their quickness, or the days luous buoyance and elastic tissue have lay. Mr. Grace played well at thirteen lge-boing one of a family of cricketers, ogether in their own field as soon almost suld hold a bat, Add to" this he is the ild for a cricketer; strong and active, ,ner, and good thrower. In all sports or manual dexterity, the great point is that eye be be early educated to neact spontaneously and for MIr. Grace the ball never seems :; and in his back play he has always time ad to spare. But let no one suppose that comes without painstaking. Though " years he is old in experience; for ining proverbially goes furthest.--London 