The Late Captain Lipson, R.N.-Year by year the band of early settlers is diminishing, and we are called upon to record the death of some of those whose names are associated with the earliest history of South Australia. We regret having now to chronicle the decease of Captain Thomas Lipson, R.N., who was one of the first to emigrate from England to these shores. We subjoin an account of the various services of the deceased gentleman. He entered the Royal Navy in 1793 as first-class volunteer on board the Windsor Castle, 98 guns, Captain Sir T. Byard, with whom he served at the reduction of Corsica. In 1797 he served in the Bedford, 74, at the action off Camperdown; in 1798 in the Foudroyant, 80, at the capture of the French squadron destined for the invasion of Ire land; then under the flags of Lords Keith and Nelson, until 1800, being present at the battle of ' the Nile and the taking of Toulon; during the rest of the war as midshipman and master's mate in the Princess Charlotte, 38, Ruby, 64, Isis, 50. In 1803, after his name had been borne for short periods on the books of the Neptune, 98, Am- phion, 32, and Hydra, 38, he joined the Montague, 74, and assisted at the blockade of the enemy's ports from Brest to the Dardanelles, and was present August 22, 1805, in Admiral Corn- wallis's attack on the French fleet close in with Brest harbour, on which occasion the Montague was engaged with L'Alexandre, of 80 guns. On January 24, 1808, Mr. Lipson was nominated Acting Lieutenant of the Sabrina, 18, off Cadiz. He was officially promoted June 29, 1809, and in 1810 he was made Senior Lieutenant cf the Bonne Citoyenne, corvette, on the South American sta- tion. He served afterwards in the Laurustinus, 24, and the Barfleur, 98, on the Brazilian and Medi terranean stations. In 1814 and 1815 in the Iphi genia, 36, Torrent, 80, and Royal Sovereign, 100, on the North American and home stations Captain Lipson was awarded a medal and two clasps for general actions during the war. In 1836 Commander Lipson was appointed by the Admi- ralty as Naval Officer for South Australia, by the Colonial Government as Harbour-Master at Port Adelaide, and by the Hon. Commissioners of H.M. Customs as Collector for South Australia. The latter office he resigned in 1840, but held the former two until 1855, when he retired on a life pension. Several valuable surveys of the South Australian coast were made by him, and duly acknowledged by the Home Govern- ment. In 1856 Commander Lipson was pro- moted to a Post Captaincy on the Retired List. A few days since he was attacked by influenza, which rapidly turned to congestion of the lungs. Though suffering intense agony for three days, he bore up with Christian resignation and fortitude until Saturday last, when he expired. The de- ceased gentleman has passed through an honourable career in the colony, and perhaps we cannot pay a more fitting tribute to his memory than that paid by a correspondent, from whose letter, just re- ceived, we make the following extract :—' One particular trait in the character of the lamented gentleman should not he lost sight of, and that is that general urbanity and affability which at all times marked his conduct in his intercourse with persons of inferior rank in life. An old acquain- tance, though he might he in humble garb, was to him an old friend, and was recognised as such wherever met, and many a time has his warm heart flushed his happy face on meeting a subor- dinate or tradesman busy about his ordinary duties. Open hearted, candid, and outspoken him- self, he sought and felt delight in association with similar minds, wherever he found them. For my- self, I must say that in him I have lost a very dear old friend, in whose company I have spent some of the pleasantest hours of my life, and the last of them but a few days before his death.*' The re mains of the deceased gentleman will be interred to-day. The funeral will leave his late residence West-terrace, at 11 o'clock, and Trinity Church at 12 o'clock. Victoria Theatre.— Wet weather always in. juriously affects the attendance at the Theatre, and Monday evening was no exception to the rule. The ' Dream Spectre' was played, introducing the Ghost, but with no more marked effect than on former appearances. Those who have seen or may intend to see this optical illusion may like to compare it with a description from the Spectator of the appearances which excited so much interest at the Britannia Theatre, IRvton, in a piece culled 'Faith, Hope, and Charity :'— ' Sir Gilbert Nurthlaw steps upon the stage, closely followed by — a skeleton. The apparition is certainly striking. It gradually ami almost imperceptibly evolves itself out of the air, and after various movements vanishes with the rapidity of a flash ui' lightning. A second time it comes and goes as before, and immediately after appear- a female form, the exact counterpart of Faith, the widow. Closely as the eye may watch the ope ration of the whole proceeding, it is impossible to detect the source of the fine optical delusion. Tliure the figure certainly htands, walks, and ta^-; but disappears as instantaneously as if fasiii--ned out of the mere vapour of the air. On the second appearance of widow Faith, or rather widow Faith's ghost. Sir Gilbert Northlaw takes courage, and, rising from his seat, attacks her with tho sword. But thesharp steel, aimed at a walking and speaking human figure, meets no resistance but the empty air, and the would-be murderer is mocked by a loud sardonic ha, ha, ha! This h the crisis of the spectacle. While the bar.met is making desperate eilbrta to grasp the widow, the spectre vanishes in the twinkling of an eye, leaving the echo of a mocking voice re sounding from afar. Whatever the means by which this curious scene is effected, it is undoubt edly a most clever anil wonderfully striking bit of stase-effeet.' The Last Mo-rcTS of a Hero.— We extract from the Southern Cros* the following description of the death of the gallant Captain Swift, who died in notion on the 7th ultimo:— 'Colour-Sergeant M'Kenna did not see Captain Swift fall, but imme dutely after gettins Lieutenant Butler removed to the rear, and while in the act of preparing to load, with a cartridge in his hand, he saw his captain lying stretched by his side. 'Arc you wounded ?- he asked; 'Yes, severely,' replied the captain, 'never mind loading, take my revolver and lead the men on.' There was an example of a true British soldier. Although mortally wounded a sense of duty to the country was paramount. Im mediately that the men knew their Captain was wounded they charged furiously with a shout, and it was then the enemy was driven back. Captain Swift was sensible up to the time of his death. Placed under the shelter of a tree, he passed his last moments in the presence of Cor pural Ryan and the men who were left as guard That they might not be detected he would not allow a moan to escape his lips, and he put his hand to his face in agony to prevent it. Shortly before his death he asked Ryan to give him his hand— which he did— and immediately afterwards the gallant soldier hreathed his last. Captain Richard Swift was born iu Keoltown, County Westmeath, on the 9th April, 1830, and he was Snseijuently 33 years of age. His remains were terred on the 13th of September, in the Auck land cemetery, with military and masonic honours. His Excellency the Governor attending as a mourner.' Ta.sm.vxi.vn Bazaar fob Soldiers* Families.— The Hubarl Town Advertiser of the 7th October says :— ' A bazaar for the sale of fancy and useful goods was held at the Military Barracks yesterday, the proceeds being devoted to a fund for the sup port of the wives and children of those soldiers who have left this to take part in the New Zealand war. The room was well stocked with all articles usually found at such a sale, and there were also some additions mode to the usual stock. The whole affair reflects the greatest credit upon those ladies who have exerted themselves in getting it up. The ladies presiding at the stalls exerted themselves to procure purchasers, and, judging from the day's proceeds, were unusually successful. His Excel lency Colonel Gore Browne with Mrs. Browne honoured the bazaar with their presence during the early part of the day, and from the time it was opened until the doors were closed at half- past 9 o'clock, there was a continuous flow of visitors. The hand of the Second Rifles Volunteer Corps attended during the day, ami played selections of music. The proceeds up to 6 o'clock were upwards of £90, and with the amount obtained in the evening it was estimated that about £120 would be obtained.' Distinguished Arrivals.— The Argus says: —'Among the passengers by the Madras is Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Henry Havelock (son of the late General Havelock, who led the Highland Brigade in the famous relief of Lucknow). He piuceds to New Zealand to join his regiment, the ISm Royal Irish. The Madras has also brought one army surgeon and eight assistant surgeons, who arc proceeding to the camp at Auckland. The mission of Mr. Hudson, whose name appears in the passenger list, is, we believe, to endeavour to bring about the union of the Australian and Intercolonial Steam Navigation Companies.' Gold in Sooth Australia.— The Sydney Empire of October 17, in noticing the acceptance by Mr. Hargraves of the offer made by the South Australian Government, says:— 'The result of Mr. Hargraves's inspection of Western Australia was that not the slightest indications of gold were found, and the geological features of the country were such that, in_his opinion, none can exist there. The colony was traversed from end to end, and presented little else than a succession of wastes of sand and scrub. Mr. Hargraves is somewhat more sanguine respecting South Australia, thinking it probable, from the little he has seen of the country, that gold may be found there, although not in large quantities, the district being too remote from the great gold-bearing centres of the Australian cordillera to encourage any reasonable expectations of containing very rich gold-fields.' Payjient of Members.— New Zealand is the first Australian colony to adopt the principle of payment of members of Parliament On the 30th ult., in the Provincial Council of Otago, the following resolution was, on the. motion of the Provincial Secretary, agreed to:-' That 20s. a day be allowed to all members representing, two miles or more outside of Duhedin for such period a* they' shall he' attending meetings, of the Pro vincial Council, excepting such as are irienibeB of thJPCloyernment, the Speaker, and the Chairman . efVom'mittees; and that mileage be allowed to all such members residing beyond five miles from Pimedin, at the rate of Is, per mile.' DEATH BY LIGHTNING.— On Thursday last, Oc- tober 22, three boys were minding cattle near the Bremer River, when taking shelter from the storm under a tree they were all struck down by the lightning. After some time, had elapsed two of them recovered consciousness, but the accident proved fatal in the third case, and the Jury of an inquest held, at Nairne on Friday returned a ver- dict in accordance with the above facts. ANOTHER CASE OF POISONING.— We publish in another column the report of an inquest at Myponga on the body of a man named James Hoskin, who died from the effects of poison. It appeared that the deceased had been addicted to habits of intemperance, and on Friday, October 23, took a large dose of opium, which resulted in death. A verdict of 'Temporary insanity' was returned. Mr Hargraves.— Mr. E. H. Hargraves, dis coverer of gold in New South Wales, who has recently been engaged by our Government to pro secute a search for the precious mct.il in this colony, arrived on Saturday by the Rangatira. He is now busy in making his arrangements for exploration. We understand when his party is equipped he will proceed to the North, where, between the Barrier Ranges and Mount Remark able, it is supposed a gold-field exists. Before starting North, and while his preparations are being made, it is probable that Mr. Hargraves will take a trip to the Bremer district, as that locality bears traces of auriferous deposits. We hope shortly to be able to give more detailed information as to Mr. Hargraves's proposed operations. WE3LF.YAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY.— The public services in connection with the anniversary of this Society were continued at Pirie-street Chapel on Monday, October 2G. The weather was most unfavourable, and the attendance was conse quently small. Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., having taken the chair, a hymn was sung aud a prayer offered. The Chairman expressed the pleasure he felt in presiding on that occasion, as that meeting had an object which appealed to every heart. Time was when little sympathy was accorded to missions; but now these institutions were found to have proved very successful both physically and morally. The sole object of every Missionary Society was to carry to the heathen the blessed Word of God. He then proceeded to combat some of the objections which had been raised to missionary operations. Apologies were made on behalf of the Rev. Messrs. Gordon and Lyall, who were unable to attend. The Rev. W. Brown then read the report, from which it was gathered that the expenditure dm ing the year had been £15,913 Is. lid., and the income £10,920 7s. 2d., leaving a deficiency of £4,092 Ui. 9il. to be supplied by the Parent Society in London. It was stated that £5,000 had been subscribed from the mission stations of the Friendly Island;?, Fiji, and New Zealand. The mission fields in Europe, in Victoria, iu New Zealand, in the South t-ca Islands, and other localities were reported upon, and iu most cases it was stated that the results were encouraging, though in New Zealand especially the unsettled state of the people rendered the accounts fro:u that station somewhat unsatisfactory. An urgent appeal to the Churches of Australia for aid in sending mis sionaries to those places where tlu darkness of' heathenism and superstition still rested concluded ;he report. Mr. F. II. Faulding then read the inancial report, which showed that the amount ?eceived in this circuit had been £112 15s. 2d., but his did not include subscriptions from several laurccs which had not yet come in. The Rev. C. 2olwcll in au eloquent speech moved the adoption )f the reports, and referred to missions as the riumph of benevolence over the natural helpless less of man. No object had greater claim on iheir benevolence than missions, nor did any varrior deserve the triumphs of fame more than ;he Christian missionary, before whom the glory )f Alexander and Xerxes faded away. The Rev. Kr. Chester seconded, and the Rev. Mr. Lloyd, in an interesting address, supported he motion, which was unanimously carried. The second resolution was moved by the Sev. J. Jefferis, LL.B, 03 follows:— 'That the rapid advance of civilization in the friendly Islands, and the present excited state of ^iji, with the openings presented for further evangelization, demand an increased agency; and hat the deep necessities of our own mission, the (pollings of the Parent Society on the continent if Europe, in China, and other important lields, aken in connection with the great commercial [istress existing in the manufacturing districts of England, should induce the :olonial Churches 0 make special pecuniary efforts to sustain ml extend the missions of the Society.' laving expressed his profound interest i!i mis ions, he adverted to the aspects in which he rapid civilization of the Friendly Islands hould be regarded by the world, and then lanced at the excited state cf Fiji during the ast year, in consequence of the refusal of the 'nglish Government to annex those islands 0 the British Empire. These two circumstances, le said, showed the necessity of increased coope ation on the part of the Australian Churches to cud forth missionaries to the many fields which rere being opened up. The Rev. J.'B. VVaterhouse econded the motion, which was supported by tie Rev. J. Cope, both of whom earnestly and loquently advocated the claimss of the mis ions. The motion having been carried, a ollectlon was made, and resulted in an amount of learly 11 guineas being subscribed. The Rev. Mr. 'lockart proposed, and the Rev. J. Watsford (in he absence of the Rev. Mr. Wilson) seconded :— 1 That the thanks of this meeting arc due, and re hereby presented, to the Committee of the louth Australian Auxiliary Missionary Society nd to the Collectors for the valuable assistance hey have rendered in advancing the interests of his Society; and that tlie following gentlemen lie he Committee for the coining year, viz., Revs. Tohn Watsford and William Brown, and Messrs, Jodd, Colton, CoomLs, Corlett, Cotton, Dungcy. i'auliling, Greer, G. P. Harris, Milner, William thodes, Roacli, James Robin, James Scott, Wm. Scott, and F. \V. Thomas, and that Mr. Faulding hall be Treasurer, and the Rev. Mr. Brown ind Mr. Cotton shall be the Secretaries.' Plie motion was carried. A vote of thanks to the chairman was proposed by Mr. Jno. Colton, M.P., econded by Mr. U. P. Harris, carried by acclama ion, and acknowledged. The doxology and bene lictiou closed the proceedings, which were of a ?cry interesting character. Bible Society.— The eighteenth annual meeting )f the South Australian Auxiliary to the British ind Foreign Society will be held this evening, in White's Assembly Room. His Honor the Chief Justice will preside, the annual report will he ?ead, and the meeting will he addressed by a mmber of ministers and friends. As several ectures and religious meetings are also to he held it other places this evening, we suggest that the Bible Society should in future announce the date )f its annual meeting a month or so beforehand. \s Protestants of all denominations are equally nterested in its success, they would, no doubt, make their arrangements subservient to an insti tution so catholic iu its character ami objects as :hat of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Battt.k of the Bible. — A crowded ludience attended last evening at the Albert-street Baptist Church, Melbourne, to hear a lecture from the Rev. Isaac New, upon the subject, as an nounced in its title, 'The Battle of the Bible.' The chair was taken by the Hon. James M'Culloch, Uhief Secretary. The proceedings having been opened by prayer, the lecturer commenced by say ins that, thdugh he and his audience received the Bible as inspired, they wore no strangers to the doubts by which it had been assailed, or the troubles by which its acceptance had been wiperled. They had all experienced these doubts and these troubles, aud had surmounted them all, finally acquiescing in this result-that the Bible was the Word of God. Otherwise its origin, its history, and its present position were anomalies for which it was impossible to account. The difficulties that t suggested, the apparent discrepancies that had been dwelt upon, were equally found in nature— difficulties which a child could point out, and which the profoundest philosopher was unable fully to answer. In spite of these, he accepted it. It had lwen accepted by millions, who had found light in its revelations, who ha-l been cheered and gladdened by its promises; by million!; whose wanderings it had arrested, and whom it had relaimcd from the way of deatn. Its effects upon the amelioration 01 the race tran scended that of any other agency ; no ethical system ever promulgated could compete with that which it contained. Its benevolence, i\s charity, and clemency had softened the feelings and the morals of every people whom its influence had reached. This book could not he classed as one amongst others, similar in kind to the Vcdas, Shastras, and Korans; it stood 011 a footing of its own, and was unique in human history. At its origin it num bered its followers amongst the Iowerorder3,|andit was not until they became formidable by their numbers that the ruling powers endeavoured to extinguish the rising movement. Persecution and ridicule were tried in vain; it grew and prospered, although Lucian, the Voltaire of antiquity, directed against it his keenest satire— although the more serious works of Celsus, and a hundred years after those of Porphyry, urged the arguments which have been repeated in modern times as new disco veries. After this, it found more fatal enemies amongst those who should have been its friends; the Church had now changed from a spiritual cor poration to a political one; the authority of the Bible had to give place to that of synods and councils, till there was nothing left but a cold orthodoxy of dogmatism over the whole Christian world. The sparks scattered by the overthrow of the Grecian empire kindled fires at this time in many lands, bcience and philosophy began to move; the scholastic philosophy, by a violent effort, separated itself fronnthe Church; the Re formation appeared, with Luther as its leader; and, in spite of the fulminationa of the Papacy, the Bible was restored to its due position. The lecturer then gave an animated and discrimi nating review of the progress of deism in England in the 17th century, of the scep ticism of theFrenchp hilosophes, the rationalism of modem Germany, and the reaction produced by the latter on the mind of England at the present day. Although this movement now counted amongst its supporters such men m Wilson, Newman, Maurice, and Corlyle, and in the las generation S. T. Coleridge, he believed that its influence was ebbing, and its strength passing awav. After recapitulating the past victories of the Bible, he concluded with an anticipation of the time when its conflict would be over, and its triumph universal and complete. At his conclu sion the rev. gentleman was warmly applauded. A vote r.i thanks to the lecturer, proposed by Mr. W. G. Spricg, and seconded by Mr. T. W.Jackson, was cameo, with enthusiasm. Mr. New, after suitably responding, then proposed an award of the thanks of the meeting to the Chairman, which, being seconded by the Hon. C. Vaughan, was passed with acclamation. Tlie proceeds of the lecture ara to be applied to the building fund of the c]»urcb.-4»ytw, QctotorSi, THE MELBOURNE TRANSPORTATION LEAGUE. Our Victorian neighbours arc thoroughly in earnest in their opposition to transportation to the Australian Colonies. They do not rest satisfied with simply memorializing the Homo trovcrnmeiit, but they havo formed an in fluential Society to watch the subject and to adopt such measures as from time to time may be rendered expedient by tho various aspects which tho question shall present. Their public meeting, which was recently held in Melbourne to discuss the subject, was a most effective one. Gentlemen of tho highest intelligence and social standing camo forward to 'enter their protest against the continuance or extension of the evil, end the whole question was discussrd with an ability and earnestness commensurate with its importance. From that meeting the League has sprung, and persons representing all clauses of religion and politics, animated by tho dread of a common danger, have eagerly banded together to preserve as far as possible the free colonies of Australia from the de moralizing influence of convictism. Whatever funds will be necessary for carrying out the objects of the League will be cheerfully con tributed, and we have no doubt, from the earnestness with which tho movement has been commenced) that it will bo carried forward energetically and with some measure of success. There is no reason why something of the same kind should not be originated in this colony. We have at least as much to dread from the increased transportation of convicted felons to Western Australia as tho Victorians have. Indeed, we should probably sooner and more seriously feel the mischief. Gto graphically wo lie nearest to the penal colon; ; and as we have stated before, the discoveries which are now being pushed forward both lroin Western Australia and from this pro vince will shortly mako a highway between the two colonies which will afford facilities for the escape of convicts which have not before existed. If those social Iahruaelitea are to be transported to Western Australia in such vast numbers as are recommended by tho Trans portation Commission, then it will inevitably follow that the tickefc-of-leavo or condi tional-pardon system will be muoh enlarged ; and as it is admitted that of all the Austra lian Colonies, Western Australia is the poorest, presenting but few inducements either to attract or to keep a population, there can ba no doubt that the large number of convicts who will be liberated annually will try to find their way to lands where their antecedents are not known, and where their chances of labour or plunder will be greater. We confess that we have tho smallest possible amount of faith in the reformatory agencies in operation in Western Australia being permanently successful in any large number of cases. All tho evidence given beforo the Commission by Governor Kennedy, Major Sandford, Dean Fownall and others, on the high stan dard of morality existing amongst the convict population, we regard as mere moonshine Taking aomo of the statements of these gentle* men one might imagine that Perth was next door toEden — that the high standard of morality existing amongst the interesting convicts might put to shame the poor sinners of Adelaide or Melbourne. And yet we Btrongly suspect that these gentlemen did not wholly believe what they stated in evidence. The Dean himself admitted, as wo have shown on a former occa sion, that ho refused to take charge of con siderable sums of money because, owing to the insecurity of his residence, he was afraid of being robbed. And jet lie talks about the good character of the convict population ! He admits, moreover, that the settlers make it a point to keep no money and as little valuable property as possible about them, so that no temptation may be offered to these conspicuous examples of reformatory agencies and moral development. It is not a very high order of virtue to be honest where there are no ' unconsidered trifles' to be picked up. But suppose these reformed gentlemen to 2nd their way to colonies where the people have valuable* in their possession, and do keep a little money about them occasionally, does DeanPownall think this hothouse virtue would be able to resist such temptations ? Would not the palms of these convicts begin to itch again, and would not the security of life and properly which now exists be endangered ? We observe by communications from Mel bourne that the League intend corresponding with the othfir colonies with a vioir to concerted aetion on this question. Our Victorian neigh bours are strong in themselves, and any repre sentation whioh they may mate to the authorities in England would undoubtedly have weight, but united with the other colonies their bands will be, strengthened. We pro* same the people in South Australia will cheerfully take up this important work; It is' one of vital moment to us. We shall have difficulties of no ordinary character to contend, against ia enforcing our views, Xbe Boyal Commissioners Have committed them* selves to tho Western Australia penal scheme and thoBe persons at home who are at their wits' end to know what to do with the dan gerous classes, and those who have been frightened by tho recent outbreaks of ticVetof leave holders, will be only too glad to favour a plan; which will remove the danger, to tho antipodes. We may therefore fairly antici pate that the majority of Englishmen will be in favour of the recommendations of the Com mission. There are excoption?, indeed, and these are found amongst tho roost thoughtful end intelligent' who have carefully studied tho subject. Still there oan be no doubt that the colonists will have to show themselves in earnest, and by every means which is cither lawful or expedient press their views on tho English Government. And at present no better method appears to suggest itself than the formation of a grand League, which, having its head- quarters in Melbourne, will extend its ramifications to every colony in the Southern Hemisphere. \- It is a fortunate circumstance that just at at the present time, when (his subject is ob« taining such prominence, and when its sottlc inent for years to come will probably bo determined, so many able representatives of the colonies are in England. Oar interests are safe in the keeping of Mr. Ton-ens and Captain Bagot; Messrs. Wilson and Childcrs will worthily represent Victoria ; Sir Charles Nicholson and others will look ufter tho wel fare of New South Wales, and other gentlemen will t»ke care of Queensland and Tasmania. On this particular question thoBe gentlemen can be trusted fuithfully to represent the colo nies with which they are so closely connected. Mr. Torrens, as our readers know, is working hard for us, losing no opportunity which offers itself for proteatiug in tho name of the free colonies against the extension ol tho evil. Tho present Mat a of things in New South Wales— the extraordinary prevalcnco of crime, thb insecurity of lifts and proper y, tho daring attacks of bufhranger.-, and tho absolute co^empt which they set-in to feel for all the efforts which iro employed to check their criminal career— all these things, whioh can clearly be traced to tho influence once exerted by tho convict cla*», and which, like a noxious weed amongst good wheat, is difficult to eradicate, ought to show our ruling powers in England that the groato.it curse they can infliot on a rising colony is to permit convicts to enter it. There is no satis factory method of accounting for the lawlojs scenes which at the present time arc taking pluco in New South Wales but by tracing them beck to the fatal taint of felony which has per vaded so large a body of tho pooplc. Wo hope the friends of public order and tho upholders of tho law in Sydney will represent the matter to the Duke of Newcastle in auuh a manner as to show the authorities tho darkest side of this gicat evil. They can muko out a good case ; for never in tho history of the Australian Colonies have tho lawless class shown such an utter contempt of law or such a daring hardihood in attacking inouVi* sire citizens as during tho last few months. The bushranger* of New South Wales have struck terror into tho whole of the western portion of that colony. Every mail brings us papers crowded with reports of robberies with vio lence, of which theso men are tho heroes. Mails are stopped, policemen are outwitted; not only ore lonely stations ' stuck up,' but these daring rascals penetrato to tho heart of towns and cities, and in tho broud daylight levy black-urni! on tho inhabitants. Th- su are tho bitter fruits of introducing convicts to Ucr Mnjcstj's provinces. Tho horcditary taint has run through the lifo-blood of tho colony, and the authorities are at their wits' end to know how to dral with the evil, which has now assumed such gigantic proportions. It therefore becomes a grave question for tho Homo Government to consider whether they will expose those portions of the Queen's dominions which hitherto have been free from tho plague to the serious evils which inva riably follow the introduction of convicts to any colony. And wo trust tho people in South Australia will not cease to press the. evil of. this course on the Homo Government as lung as there exists the smallest danger of trans portation to Western Austrulia being either continued or enlarged. Tnn English Mail.— This month'sjnnil for Great Britain closes at the General Post-Oflko this morning— for newspapers at 10, and fur letters at II o'clock. Letters by the supplementary mail can he posted, upon payment of the usual late fee, up to 12 o'clock. PAKLUMENr.-Both Houses of Parliament meet to-day. In the Legislative Council the Trade Marks Bill and the Banking Companies Bill are down for consideration. In the Assembly the Real Estate Descent Bill Rtnnds for its second reading. There arc also the Registration Bill and several other measures for consideration. SurnraiR Court.— Monday licing tho first day of the fourth term, the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Boolhby sat, but no business was brought before them. The Sheriff usually presents on such occasions a list of jurors and prosecutors fined for non-attendance; but although the Deputy Sheriff, Mr. Fcsemneyer, was in attendance, he had no such report to present— n fact that speaks well for the manner in which jurors and prose cutors attended to their duties at the sittings during the last term. Insolvent Codrt.— A second-class certificate was awarded to W. Polle, of GawlerTown, shoe maker, at his final hearing before His Honor the Judge of the Insolvent Court on Monday. At the adjourned first hearing in re A. H. Gouge, Mr. Stow intimated that the first proposal from the insolvent, offering an assignment of his estate as security for the payment of the composition of 10s. in the pound had been prepared ; but he was not ready to present it, as he had not procured the signatures of all the assenting creditors. Tho hearing had consequently to be further adjourned till Friilav. Penny Bank.— This Institution, which has re cently been established in connection with the VV*e8leyan Mutual Improvement Society, was opened in Pirie-street on Monday evening. Be tween 50 and 60 accounts were opened, and upwards of £5 was paid in. Such an establish ment is much required in the city, and it is to be, hoped that the results may reward the efforts of an energetic Committee.' Bouth Austbalian Flour.— The following in an extract from a letter received by Messrs. Dutton and Co.. from Cape Town, dated September 0, 18C3:— 'Australian flour is positively unsaleable here except by retail. One hundred bags at public auction would not probably realize 15s. per 100 lbs. if of the finest quality. Wheat is 5s. per bushel, and being exported to Mauritius.' Meteorological,— We have been favoured by Mr. Charles Todd with the following observations, made at the Adelaide Observatory during Sunday, October 25, 1663:- ? Barometer Wind. „ corrected ? 'our. and reduced ? Z ? to 3r Direction. §«*. 9h. a.m. 29-588 N.N.E. 1*0 a 1.30 p.m. 29-319 N.byE. 2'fi b 2.30 ' 29-255 N.byE. 25 r 3.15 ' 29194 N. 30 d 3.30 ' 29-177 - - 4.15 ' 29150 N.byW. 32 e 4.30 ' 29-154 N.N.W. 32 / 4.50 ' 29158 N.W. 32 5.6 ' . 29180 W.N.W. 3V 5.20 ' 29-192 W.byN. 27 6.0 ' 29-209 W. 3-5 a 7.15 ' 29-269 W. 35 A 8.40 ' 29*315 — — t .10.20 ' 29-311 — — j Oct2ff. 9h.a.m. 29-210 W. 2'5 Remarks. a. Nearly clear. ? ' ' b. Oumulostratus and cirrostratns gathering. ' c Clouds increasing during hut hour. ' d. Cumulpstratus sinking and dispersing, break' ing into cirri and cirrocumuli near and round the zenith ; cumulostratus towards the horkon -witli hazy cirrous edges. e. W ind increasing. /. Clouds chanced in character since previous observation... Cirri and cirrocumuli round the ' zenith. Bank of cloud N. and S. horizons, leaving- -; middle of sky clear. - - - -- a. Clouds over eastern portion of sky ; clear to ; W., with delicate cirrocumuli on western edge of ? cloud. ' : * . :?? ?& Sky clearer. Wind in strong Rusts. . ? ???? filRagged cumulostratus flying over the eky Tritnjrreat velocity. ? ? ' '-'?}. :' ' ! vl'-v ' ;.]&gzedlcumuln6tratuB.; flying over th e sky- , with heavy gusts throughout' the night, blowing at times to 4.0. , ... Heavy squall at midnight, with rain, 