iKplia EUROPEAN NEWS ? TO. SEPTEMBER 26. _ _. THE. CANADIAN QUESTION. ^imm^'rodKBipi)'' by 10,000 '?'?'y'^\\-/\ %$k:y ' . ?*'?'; CflAELESTON NOT YET TAKEN. SUSPENSION .'? OF THE , HABEAS CORPUS ACT BY PRESIDENT LINCOLN. THE FEDERALS DEFEATED ON ,, . THERAPIDAN: , SUCCESSES . IN; TENNESSEE. RESIGNATION OF GENERALS , .; dltkdRE'AND BURNSIDE. MISSISSIPPI OPEN TO TRADE. FEDERAL EXPEDITION TO TEXAS. SUGGESTIONS FOR A COMPRO MISE BY THE NORTH. THE POLISH REBELLION. UNSATISFACTORY ANSWERS FROM RUSSIA. THE PRUSSIAN CHAMBERS DISSOLYED. ABUNDANCE OF THE ENGLISH HARVEST. THE NEWS FROM JAPAN. THE JAPANESE SEVERELY PUNISHED. FAMILY EMIGRATION TO SOUTH AUSTRALIA. RENEWED DISCUSSION ON TRANSPORTATION. INCREASED REINFORCEMENTS FOR NEW ZEALAND. THE ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN RIFLE MATCH. THE QUEEN IN SCOTLAND. . WOOL AND COPPER IN DEMAND. The Rangatira arrived o^Thureday evening; with the September English mails. We learn that the Norlham did not leave Galle until 7 p.m. of the 21th ultimo, the mail having been delayed by an accident to the Poonah's ma chinery, which obliged her to put into Lisbon, where she remained three days. A further detention of two days took place in Egypt frtiia itdppage of railway traffic, arising from ,tlie 'overflowing of the Kile. It was expected that the traffic would be impeded for four months. The Nubia made up three days of the lost time on the passage from Suez to Qalle. The If orthara experienced very strong trades for four days, the remainder of' tlie passage was moderate and fine. She was to leave the Sound for Melbourne at 10 p.m. of the 8th instant. Subjoined are the leading items of the month's news : — The letters by tho overland July mail were delivered in London on the 14th September. Ihe heavy portion of the mail arrived at Southampton on the 18th. Although broken weather has interfered with the harvest in the north, it was all but com plete, and the result is a wheat crop consider ably above the average, both in ouantitv and qualtity, a full average crop of barley, and probably also an average crop of other grain. It is calculated that tho value of the crops is at least 40 per cent, above that of last year, and 20 percent, above thoso of 1860 and 1861. Numerous harvest-homes were taking plane, and Bomo of the Bishops have urged the clergy to bold thaukegiviog services. The Queen returned to England on the 9th September. Though she moved about freely while in Germany, it ia Btated that she was not in the enjoyment of robust health, and sullered from both the heat and her joumeyings.' A large number of persons witnessed her arrival at Woolwich. She has since left for Balmoral, where the Prince ? and Princess of Wales were staying. The Prince Louis of Hesse and the Princess were also on a visit to the Queen. The Prince of Wales spends his time in deerstalk ing, and the Princess in sketching and fishing A Bible and Prayer-Eook, from 6,000 gen tlemen, subscribing^ shilling each, is about to be presented to the Prince of Wales. It is reported that Prince Alfred will marry the Princess Mary of Saxe- Altehburg. Numerous 'Congresses' for scientific, social, and religious purposes were being held, or were announce:!, both in England and on the Continent. The meetings of the British Association at Newcastle-on'Tyne had proved most suc cessful. Sir W. Armstrong was President, and delivered an able address. His statements relative to tho probable exhaustion of the coal supply ia England, as well as a paper of Mr. Fawcett on the depreciation in the value of gold resulting : from the recent gold discoveries, have led to much discussion. The Channel fleet has visited Liverpool, where thecrews have been publicly entertained, to the great delight of both the sailors and tlie public. Everywhere the fleet is received with enthusiasm. Discussion on the Mohow Court-martial and Paymaster Smalea's case has been wnawed. It is alleged that the witnesses for the prosecu tion are not being fairly dealt with in India. Mr. Smales denies that he has been a de faulter in respect to pecuniary batters. The melancholy catastrophe which befel the Eev. T. B-: Campbell and his family, in the running down of the 'vessel on the' way to Duriedin,*uV If«ir Zaaland, ba!||-ccasioned great sorrow in English circles where the un fortunate gentleman was best known and ap preciated. The great fight between Macp and Goss ended in the success of the former ; but the combatants were interrupted in Wiltshire, and had to jo, into Essex; Great complaint u made at the connivance of the police authorities and the Great Western Bailway Company; ? Lieutenant Dicksbn has become a bankrupt, the result of his lengthened and unsuccessful litigation with Lords Wilton and Combermcre and General Peel. Mr. Sotheron Escourt has returned to Eng land in improved healtfil ' ;'*. . ' -??*, Mr. £llioe,M.P. for Coventry, has been found dead, in his bed. Mr:; W. Cooke, Professor Cockereli, the architect, Mr. Potts, 1LP. for, Barnstaple, Earl Beauehamp, and 'Marquis Towmhend have also. 'died. A»on.bishop ?Whateley wis gradually Aa\\\a£ The deaths of tome of theie will oocuioa PorliimenUr ections at Coventry,' Tamwortbi, Etjst Wor ?esterehire, Te|kes^ury,Jiud Bah\i|iple,$n some of wluchjjontosls ?w^xpetyed. 'j^r r Cardinal Wisemad^M^eliveredtto opening lecture of the season at Ihe Hartley Institute, Southampton. , Baxter-Park, Dundee,.thegifi-of_Sir_ David Baxter, has been publicly opened. Earl Kus^ sell attended, aud was admitted to the freedom of the city. . : .-. ^ij^v An agreement for' the. pujcnaso of land for, Finsbury Park has beeasigfrad. ' -\\. The Bishop of Noiwioh'is about to proceed against the Bectorflff^jdon, Suffolk, for Pdpfsh'tauiovations infconducting fha service*. : ; It ia stated : Jbafc; ifluhop - Coleia'o'! has ex pressed his intention not to obey thciummons of the Bishop of Capo Town. The clergy of Natal have signed a protest against Bishop Colenso's views. The promoters of _tW,'opeb chnrch and offertory 'movement are holding ineetingSj-aud are otherwise active inr advancing their prin ciples. V V ; ' ?''?'' It is announced that Dr.- Dnff will leave India for Scotland, to act as Secretary of the JTree.Church Missions. ' ? v * ;.The( faster' dues agitation in rorkslnre is being renewed. ? : ; . The .Great Eastern, on bee. last outward :vnyage, lost a portion of one of.her paddle wieels in'a hurricane; 'arid waii' delayed a few days for repairs on tho homeward voyage. Ou her return voyage she ran down a vessel. It is stated that she will not be sent out again this aide the winter, and it is also rumoured that she will he sold by auction. The Messageries' Imperiales steamer Sdbcl, from Oran to Msrseillei, has been wrecked. No lives were lost, but the mails' and a million of State bonds went down. The Frankfort Hall, of Liverpool, has been lost in the China Seas, with 32 out of 33 bands, The missing Lord Raglan, from Melbourne, has been insured at sixty guineas premium, and has since been set down as past insuring. Tho Hull steamer Zealand, with seven of her crew, has been lost in the 'Baltic. Two Eteamera—iho Baron Ozv and the Bhine— have ban sunk in tho Thanies. Tlie Ocean King steamer has run down the Elvira barque off Diingoncss, and sunk her with four of the. men. ?, r ' The Pactolus has boon wrecked off Capo Race, and the Ocean Mail, with a cargo worth £100,000, in the China Seas. Numerous wrecks have been reported — 34 in ono week— making 1,191 in the year, SirC. Phipps has, at the royal command, written to the Warwickshire Magistrates, ex pressing Her Mojetty's gratification at their intention to uso their influeneo to put down rope- walking. A third' fatal accident to a visitor has oc curred at Scarborough from a fall from' tho cliiT. Several deaths from drowning have oc curred at watering-places. A' lady returning from the Isle of Man has been .washed off the steamer's deck and drowned. Another London omnibus-driver has been killed from a fall in slrep, it is supposed. There has been a collision between a Parlia mentary and a goods train on the Stockton ind Darlington i Railway. Several : persons were seriously injured. The engine-driver and stoker of a Cornish train Imvo been killed by the engine going off tho rails. The ituliarubbcr webbing factory of Mr. Turner, at Leicester, has: been partially de sitoyed by fire. There has also been a serious fire in some warehouses in Aldcrmansbury, London. TheBev. W. Cuthberfson, late of Sydney, lias becomo the minister of , tho Congregational Church at Bishop Stratford. The Daily Ifeics contradicts— apparently from authority— tho report that fcir James Hudson was removed from Turin to make way for Mr. Elliot, and states that his resignation was entirely his own act. The appointment of Sir II. Barkly as Go vernor of Mauritius is gazetted. Tho intended establishment of the now bishopric of Crafton and Arundcl is an nounced. It is stated that, notwithstanding the strong objection of the Low Church party, Bishop Trower's appointment to the bee of Gibraltar is comnloted. lUr, Larard liaa written to a Glasgow citizen, by denire of Earl Russell, stating that tho Government are doing all they can to put an cad to the traffic m natives from the Poly nesian Islands. Prince Alfred has visited the Hon. P. C. de Boubaix, whp is on a visit from the Cope to Buckingham Palace, as a mark of his adproba tion of the demonstration made when the Prince visited the colony in 1860. The bodies of several infants have been dis covered in the roof of Whitechapel Church, London. They are supposed to have been placed there from time to time to evade the payment of burial fees. The wife of tho Eev. T. Potlinger, of Eawdon College, lias lost her life from a carriage acci dent. Diphtheria has lately carried off several children in England. Three of Curtis and Harvey's powder mills at Hounslow have exploded, one workman being seiiously burnt. *'* Incendiary fires in Clonmel and tha neigh bouihood have alarmingly increased. .The Sea Fisheries .Commission is taking evidence in the North of England. The Qaztlte announces that the Agents General for the colonies are in future to be designated 'Crown Agents for the Colonies.' The Qlobe believes that Sergeant Pigott, M.P. for Beading, will succeed Mr. Baron Wilde in the Judgeship. .Tlie Bev. Henry' Ward Beecher has returned to England from the, Continent. . The Borough of Beigate has become incor porated.. Alfred Styles, charged with i enlisting troops for the PolUh national service, has pleaded guilty, but has been discharged on giving recognizances not to repeat the offence. An altercation has taken place at the Central Criminal Court between the Common Serjeant and Mr. Eibbon, a barrister, which led the former to adjourn the Court. The hitter gen tleman apologized next day . At Sible Hedriugton, Essex, an old man suspected of witchcraft has died from ill treatment, being drorned in the presence of a crowd, none of whom helped him. A foreigner, having obtained possession of stock on a cheque given upon bank houses has raised a loan of £10,000 upon it aijd decamped, the cheque not being paid when presented.' , . ''.../' j * At Perth, a respectable man, of excellent character, has been tried for the murder of bis wife aud acquitted, the defence -being that the injuries from which she died were ihe i Jesuit of a fall during a fit of drunkenness. 'The popu lace were entbuiiastio in their sympathy with the prisoner. ,!???.-?: | Several small farmers at Lejgn^ Lancashire, have been amerced in penaltiee for haymaking on Sunday. .As Ihe weather was threatening the cpn'viotidhi Tare severely'c^p^,and there is to be an appeal to public subscription. The identify of the body foutdin the empty bouse at Dudley, with the woman who is sup posed , to . have murdered the ; man found in another empty house at Wolverbampton, has beenettablished, - ; ? L; . i '.'*'? ?;- . : | ;? A faihioqablj-dressed jqung man has been committed Jar tiul;'for: fraudulently obtaining £300' from a' clergyman for the sale of an ?drowion aot in bji poBtewion. A clerk in tho City Bank has been drowned in the Thames, ho having left some friends near London' Bridge for the Bailway Station towards midnight. He is supposed to havo been robbod and maltreated. Somo sensation has been created by the simultaneous, hapgiiig ofjfour. men at Liver pool for murder} an immense conoourso of people' attended.- ... Mr. Woolley^ the owner of, Campden House, has obtained a verdiof against the Sun Fire In surance Company, for the, full amount of his insurance and interest. '. Thev remit was expected from: the commencement of the trial, and the insumnce offices concerned aroeevertlv blamed by.the press for Wsist iag the claim, and charging Mr. 'Woolley with anon on such slender grounda. Mrs. Engelfaeart, of Eltham, a lady charged with grosB. cruelty to her child, who died, has been oonvicted, and sentenced to 18 months' imprisoment, , A father, who is described as doting on his children, lias murdered two of them, at West Bror^wiQk— it is suppofkl in a moment of madness. * . ? A clerk in the Old Bank, Hereford, who robbed the iBank. three years ago and ab Bconded, ha* been apprehended. A policeman atBury is oharged with mnr dering his wile. -? A further portion of the Population Tables of 1861 has been published. It contains tho statistics of age, occupation, marriage, and celibacy. The resolutions of the Roman Catholic pre lates at their recent meeting1 have been pub lished. They include a condemnation of the Irish national education system, aud suggctt meR?ures for supplying its place with one more acceptable to the Catholio body. Correspondence- rojpeotitig the Brompton Oratory cose continues to be published. Messrs, Dircks and Prpper have obtained a patent for their ghost machinery, in opposition to rival spectre manufacturers. The Bevising Barristers are holding their Courts. The prospect of a general election has increased the number of claims and objectionc Tha Cotton Supply Association havo received samples from tho Governor of Western Aus tralia and from Natal, llie reports Irotn other places are most satisfactory. The contract for tbo new India and Foreign OJiico has beon signed. Tho tender was for £193,573. The Committco of the Ladies' Sanitary Association havo issued an address on tho subject of over-work in millintry establish ments. Tho distress in Lancashire is again on tho decline, and the winter is looked forward to more hopefully, though fears for the health of tho population prevail. Ho. 1 Company of the Robin Hood Rifles, who havo accepted the challenge of Captain Macforlano to shoot against the MiUng riilo men, have bad their shooting at tho Sudbury Riflo Ran^e, Derbyshire. Their total scores at Ihe various ranges amounted to 1,155. The All-England JElcven have, prior to their departure for Australia, played a match with 22 of York and district, tho former winning by 83 rims. With some exceptions, their play was not of a high order. FOREIGN. A dreadful firo at Monastir, in Turkey, has leatroyed 3,000 Iioubcp. Dr. Stcndner, an African explorer, has died n Ethiopia. Farina, Vice-president of the Italian Oham )er of Deputies, ifl dead. It is stated that brigandage in Italy is by no means on the decline. A Scottish Free Church clergyman is among those whom they have A robbed. Several boatloads of ivory-traders havo been slaughtered on the While Nile. They are virtually slave-trader?. King George has left Copenhagen, and itfter visiting several places will proceed to Greece. Tho King of Prussia has dissolved tho Pruesian Chambers ; the object of Herr Von Bisinnrk— who is considered responsible for the act— being supposed to be to mako capital out of the danger to Prussian interests threat ened by the recent Congress of German Sove reigns. It is not, however, expected that a less liberal Chamber will be returned. Seven Berlin editors, Uiud for exciting contempt of the authorities, by writing against the press ordinairrs, have been acquitted. Ihe King of Prussia has replied to the reso lutions of Ihe Frankfort Congress; rejecting tho Austrian propositions, and demanding the parity of Austria and Prussia in all federal concerns, and a different kind of organization than that proposed. At the Federal Diet at Frankfort, the Com mittees on tho Holstein question have recom mended that execution be carried out in that province, the administration of the Duchy being taken possession of by means of Hunovo. rian and Saxon troops. The report is to be debated on tho 1st October. Denmark has comrzenced preparing for the straggle, and has entered into an alliance with Sweden. Jacob Grimm, the German philologist, is dead. It appears to be certain that the Arohduke Maximilian will accept the Mexican Crown. Mexico, it is Btated, will recognise the Con federate States, which is supposed to indicate a design on the part of France of entering into an alliance with the South in furtherance of his designs in tliat quarter. The three Powers have received the replies of Prince Gortschakoff to their further notes ; and while they are more conciliatory than the former replies, they concede nothing, and diplomatic negotiations may be considered to have closed. Much excitement respecting Poland continues in France, and the; publica tion in the Monileur of a letter of the Polish National Committee to Count Czartoryski, describing their political position and answer ing tho Russian despatches, is regarded as significant. Tho latest intelligence in respect to Poland is the recall of tbo brutal Mouravieff. The Grand Duke Constantino has been sent to the '1 Crimea, because of his unwillingness to carry J out the Russian policy. M. de Penigny has been created a Duke by the French Emperor, for his services to the State and his devotion to the Emperor. It is now definitely ascertained that the Ajmere prisoner is aot Nana Sahib. AMERICA. . A gradual change is taking place in English public opinion in respect to the issue of the struggle, it being now expected that tho North will conquer. Charleston is sot jet taken, but great pro* gress has been made. The principal forts are in possession of the North, and the city hai been shelled. The tuccess of the. Northern ordnance is marvellous, and excites great atten tion in England. General Roiecrans hu entirely driven the rebels out of Tennessee, and the Mississippi is now open for trade. Mr. Sevard has addressed7 two letters, intended for the European Government*, describing ti»e progress' made towards, sup pressing the rebellion, and urging the Euro pean. Cabinets, as a matter of self-interest^ to discourage Southern operations. :. - ; . JPresident,,L5ncoln;b^V;aUo 'e^dresied a remarkable letter to an Illinois Oohventioa, in which he cliscuwestbej possibility of a'compro mise,'and expresses the opinion that peace does not appear as djitmt as it did. ?*('ta*? R&aVAwt;:-6t ^e^'-Yor^-haife^ -i ::UtKiV LiU-ii/uH .J?iO .'.rUlKU1- li'J--'!i';(*J !L'';tli: ,7 lilt t idptWM Jjis wntimcnU. ?: ? -:: ?., -?- ?:-:??-?,;.?.?: ? iVortly'open » ncw^campiignjii but,;; oil' the. fohjnyi^;)t':u'^^ ioffetwi tfrotn ' tl«.'4rtfti wnt' to lYOhariMton, and that General Mcade will act on the offen-' aive. ' ??'?'? '' ?' ??-?'? ' -?'?'-' :?-???.'?-' tl: ' The \iyij3 /sections ' of the; Hew Tort, demo- ' cra^ liarejumtcd igainat the Preaident.'vTith a tiew to' the next election.' 3&'Bumner Has delivered , a Tenement republican i peecb, ' directed against Europe. ' ''.''.- % , ; A federal ? expedition hai set ont for Texaa; to wa'tchOie cburseofexf&tB; in Mexico. ' By thelates^Hewa it'appeirk that President. Lincoln has suspended the Habeas Corpus Act. in all army and navy cases ; that a Federal force: attempted to cross the Rappidan,' and ?were ! 'defeated ; ? that General ;' Qiltboft, at - Charleston, has sent in lus resigriation ^. and that Borhsule1 has also resigned. '-Bothy how ever, will be kept in their positions ; and Ad miral Bahlgren, whoso iron-clada v have done snch execution, will probably be displaced. Some alarm has been expressed in England lest the steam-rams supposed to be building for the Confederates in tho Mersey, and the; Ciyde should be allowed to leave; bat ic lias been ^officially announced that they trill be detained. Mr. Commissioner Mason has been with drawn by President Davis, his mission in England being considered a failure. Although ijo importance bar been attached to the alleged plot for surrendering Canada to America, the Canadians have screed to arm, and 10,000 more militia are called out. The' Canadian Parliament and the Ministers are at loggerheads again. 