THEATRICALS AND MUSIC III E.I THE KOYA.lv Tho success of ' Honry IT.' lias been In no respect behind that wliich has nttendod tho other Shnksnenrian reproductions nt this liouso. Tb Mih finish wliloh characterises Mr. Sullivan's Falstaff pcrmitB of its 'being studied, in detail, oven after having; been considered ni. to its goneral power of producing » favourable im -rcsslon. It is not » Httlo to hear tho toxt givon with scrupulous attention to its verbal correct ness, and with a nice perception of Ita sense and moaning. It is eminently satisfactory to find ono's judgment porfcclly satisfied, if even there were no reason- for-the- imagination to db thankful. It would be untrue, howevor, to Bay that both Iheso fncultlcs of (lie mind liavo not had abundant cnuso for their several exorciso, in connexion with Mr. Sullivan's latest ShakjpeaiUn impersonation : r.nd it is not too mnoh to sny Hint tho very complete manner in whioh tlio works of our groat dramatist liavo been producod of late, will induco many persons to study him more olosely, instond of contontlng thenwlvcs witli that very vague and ncner.U admiration, which is not seldom hoard from pereoru who perhaps novcr road a lino of Slinkspcnre In their lives, and who, it they were ssked the particular source of any ono of thoso many familiar sayings which arc lunrd in the course of tbo most ordinary conver sation, and which wo owe to the great mastor of philosophy, poetry, on 1 wisdom, would bo ' gravelled' for an answer, for it Is one of those curious inconsistencies which nro per petually found in this world, that though exalted above all other names in the scroll of English celebritios, and although held in almost super: stilipus rovorenoo by all sorts of people, Slink spearo Is,'perlibp;i, less diligently read tlinu nny Ruthor. This may bo an apparently rash thing to say, but it is the reverse of untruo. Shakspcare is used much la tho ssmo way as miners use their money. He is valuod moBt highly, he ia looked at very often, he is regarded as very precious and sacred, but lie b not employed to tho best advantage. His power of enlarging the mind, q£ stimulating the imagination, of prov ing 'tlie capabilities' of language generally, and t'jo bennty of tho English tongue especially, are known only to the limited few who read him as tho saint reads his missal, the Mussulman his Koran, or the mariner his boo'c of sailing dirtc lions. It may Imply come about, therefore, th&t; tlio extremely careful and intelligently consi dered performances now being given at this theatre, will induco some oi those superficial admirers of Shnkepenro, while assuring thom fclvc?, by actual examination oi the text liow faithfully and conscientiously those great works arc given, to go a little further and road them in their entirity, unshorn of their fair propor tions, as they necessarily aro in being adapted f»r modern representation. On . Thursday, the ' Rivals' was substituted for ' Henry IV.' A French writer has said that we English bavo only Iwd comedies really worth tbo name, — this ono of the ' Rivals,' and that other surpassingly pel feet work of its kind, by tho same brilliant genius, ' Tlio School for Scandal.' It is most true, they stand alono in their excellence. Sheridan has had many hundreds of imitators, bat no equal. His two comedies are modols of dramatic art. They fulfil all the requirements of its rules, and they may be taken as standards of comparison by which to estimate tho relative amount of merit of all other comedies. They aro so Inherently good, that it is difficult to spoil them in tho acting, and though, for their complete effort, thev demand tbo highest powurB of histrionic art, their own dramatio forco Is so essential n part of thorn, that they impress an nudlonco by a sort of intellectual momentum. In Melbourno, however, it has been the oxcoptlon for cither of them to bo ill-done. There have bqcn many occasions on which it has seamed djlicalt to point out how they could bo modified with advantage, and tho an nouncement of their production, therefore is generally suro to fill tlic house. Of Sir. Lam bert's Sir Anthony Absolute, it Is, like many other of his admirable performnuco?, n kind of established institution on the Melbourne boards. It is pronounced complete and finished, and oxaotly touched off at all points, with tho skill of on experienced band; It is a genuine example of the fino old school of comedy, such ns we hope id not passing away, despite I'tho faars that arc so often expressed conccrn'ng its disappearance. The present generation of actors can har.lly fail to profit by suoii txco'lent oxaniples as this, and wo would rathfr not boliove in tlio decadnnco, which some people aro continually tolling us ia imminent. Sensation dramas and sonsatlon aotors will bovo thoir day, but the true drama and the rcallv natural actor will assort themselves notwithstanding. Mr. Limbort is a connecting link between tho palmy days that aro gono, and the bjttor time which is yet to camo. He has all tlio enthusiasm and all tho finish that were wont to charactcrirc actors in the era when patent thcatros wero, and when Drury Lano and Ccvent Garden otooil pre-eminent as tho temples wliero alone tho truo worship of tho drams was eoltbrntod. This acting gives tbo very best possible idea of what used to be the rulo in tho 'lines long; past. In the list of thoso who litre obtained colebrity In tho personation of Sheri dan'q testy old baronet, Mr. Lambert's nfiiiio must always liavo a principal place. It is a part in wliich ho is completely at homo. It Is exao'ly in his lino. lie is fitted to it in all respects. Ono can fancy Sheridan having him in his oyo while writing tho piece, and feeling suro ho would develop its afributes to their fullest extent. It is thus also of Mr.'. Pliillipi's Mrs. Milnprop. It is in the highest degree racy and piquant. The absurdity of fcer vanity is exquisite, hor self importance la irresistible, and her raa'treatment of tho Queen's English charmingly ludicrous. If nil tho othor parts were indifferently filled besides these two, tbo piece could not fail of Ixinfr improsilvc, but wbon the cast Issued as wo now have it, the suoccss musb l-e something b-j'orid the common. Mr. Heir's Captain Absolute, Mr. Iroland's Falkland, Mr. Charles Young's Acres, Mr. Andrews's David, Mrs. Heir's LydtB, and Miss Dunn's Jnlio, arc all Buaecstive cf that extreme caro, and that iu tolllgont application to tbo business of making them eflcctivo, whloh thoso ladles and gontlemon are severally known to employ In whitevor direction thoir powers aro employed. On Satur day last tho interlude of ' Tho Eton Boy,' anil the farce of 'Family Jars,' were played as after pieces. ' Tho Eton Boy' has boon proporly laid aside for the ' Spirits,' wliich liavo been again Introduced ti the publlo. In 'Family Jars,' Mr, Lamherl'n oxtraordinary facial mobility is something to be seen and studied, and philosophised npon. As an eximple of how far tho judloious employment of phy»iognomlo exprossran ijnblo (oaid an actor In communi 0 itlng additional offoot to his impersonation, HI*, of itself, highly intorosting. To rovort to tlio ' Eton Boy,' It Is only juBt to Mr. Andrews to say that ho also availed hlmiself, to a very successful extent, of this auxiliary. This gentle man is gradually, but not tho lesj buicIv, growing in favourable estimation,' and ho bids fair, before long, to be among those who enjoy the special goodwill of a Melbourne audlcnco. noru nAYnAUKxi. On Monday, that most deserving actor, and universal favourite, Mr. 8tewa:t, took Ills benefit at this theatre. 'Tho Artisfa Wife,' 'Tho Irish Immigrant.' and ' Tho Whlto Horso of tho Pepper*,' aflorded him plenty of opportunity for exhibiting tho variod humour of whioh ho posensea sucli abundant store. To-night, Mr. Copplu commences an ongagoment, and iu con noxion with his ro-appearanoo an art union has been got up, by muaus of which those wlm 1 witness tin performance* may obtain a ohance of winning aomo very valuablo prizes. Of Mr. 'Coppin's claims to publlo recognition, it Is super fluous to speak. As an actor, a managar, and a generally usoful publio man, his merits aro uuquestfonahly of a high order. At this timo ho especially deserves the good ounces of his friends, for in spite of kUbolnR one of tho hardest working inon In tlio oolonioujr the last twonty years, liia material bucccbs has not been by any means an established /act. That ho will regain all that ho hns lost, wo not only hope, but fed confident in predlollng, nnd we trust lie will have full houses dining tho wliolo thirteen sights unlucky number though It he— th»t lie is engaged to play. On Monday night, tboro wai a double supply nf novelty at this house, namely, a/rerilon of Miss Braddon's popular story oi' Aurora Floy a,1' and a bnrlesqoi entitled' Little Ked Riding Hood, »nd the Fairies of. the Rose, , Sham rock, ana 'Thistle.' Tho latter was first eiven to the world, Chtlstmaj before lost, at tho Lyceum, London, and I» th» work of Mr. L. BuckinRliam, who has of late somowhal fre quently essayed this description of dramatic authorship. ?' It is full of word-twisting, and abundant In oddly contrived situations. Tlie nunory story Is largely departed from, the wolf, in this caso, being » ferocious brigand-looking individual,- whey naving tnken a lanoy to th» ynuoglody in «cnrlot raiment, .vows by all. tho gods he!wlll raiko her his wife, and so devotes iimsclf to tlis business of following her frtm plnco to place, nnd discovering her undor the sovcral dieguises or transformations which her guardian angola, tbo fairies enable her to assume. Hoc first metamorphosis ia Into a British tar ; next (ho becomes an Inhabitant of tho Land o' Cakes; and, lastlv.she is found to be a tiue born Irishman. Hor favoured lover, of coarse, triumphs, and tbo ferocious individual is uttorly vanquished. In all these changes, «s maybe imagined, thoro Ib plenty of room fur the exhi bition of that sort oftalont which is no ably re presented at this theatre. Miss Rose Edonin undoubtedly takes the foremost plaoe, and Is therefore deserving of principal mention in con nection with this production. Her vivacity,' as tho truo lover of tho little Blondinette, is un fUgging ; she whirls along with the most charm ing impetuosity, and Bcoms to go on and off in n perirs of perpotual coruscations, Miss Julia Mtthews displays all those pleasant poouliiirities of which iho possesses so many, and slogs In hor very best manner ; nnd Mr. Fawoott, as the hoavy villain. Is In his happiest bnrlesquo vein. The f airios are severally represented by Miss Marian Dunn and Miss Julia Edonin, and nre,'by a logical consequence, airy and graceful as fairies are bound to bo. Too old grandmother, who plays a not unimportant pvt iu the original story, has bat littlo to do In this very free dramatic adaptation. She is not eaten up, but is simply thrown out of window, as tba easiest way of gotting rid of her. Tlio drama of ?' Aurora Floyd' has been not unskilfully adapted, and, to tho!O who have not rend the tale, may give a tolerably clear idea of what this last oonsiets. The consistency of Its parts is better preserved than is the case with a good many dramatised tale). The interest morecenttallsed, and the action more gradual and oumulative. Tho heroine occupies tbo foremist place, and the rest of tne charactors are subordinate and acces sory to the position she holds In the pieco. A clear Ides is at onos communicated of (he point upon which tho interest Ib to rest. There Is^no 'tediously inflected plot to puule the audience. It is clear from the first that tho embarrassments about' to arise ore duo to ono cause. A young girl, foolishly romantic, and determinedly obsti nate, has married her father's groom ; but having bitterly repented her act of folly, and hav'ng— after ridding herself of his society— hoard of his death, she marries again. Tho man, however, is not dead, but seriously hart, and so ho comes back to extort money from her. A oondition of things like this givos rise, as may bo supposed, to a good, deal . of. interesting situations, and the sensational cbaraoter is increased by-the intro duction of a sort of somi-idlot, who , has con ceived an aversion to tho lady. Through tbo Inttramentality of this creature, wba murdors the first husband, the lady is accused of tho crime, and the audience, at this point of the itory, were evidently undor tho im pression that . thoro was going to be a trial ocene. Tho discovery of tbo lady's Innooence, however, Is made without bring ing her boforo tho authorities, although a juntico of tbo peaco, of an cxtromcly diffident domoanour, is brought upon the scene, for the pnrpose, apparently, of declaring bis regrot th»t anything dlsagrecablo should have happened to require Ills presonce. In tho monogoment of tho character whloh stands prominent in this pieco, Mies Rose Edoutn was highly succoB-fnL Tho emotion of terror was expressed with singular force. It appeared to la«Un upon her whole being, and change its nature. It w»3 not » moro passing spasm, it conveyed the idea of a moral paralysis. To denolo human passion effectively, without exiRgeralion— which indeed is easy enough— requires. more than common powers, and Miss Edouin, a- wo have before remarked, with reference to other occasions when she has exhibited this intensity of feeling, is undoubtedly in1 possession of tlio ability to oonvey to the mind ? of tha epootntor a very distinct impression of the emotions she essays bo successfully to doplct. We have no hesitation in Baying that this young lady, with' a due cultivation, and a proper discipline of her powers, Is not incapable of, rising to something beyond what sho has hitherto accomplished. For her faults— and, like everybody else, she is not free from these— aro of a kind which mUht readily be cured, and her merits far outweigh them in the balance. As the frank, honest, good-hearted husband, Mr. Fawcett was uniformly pleasing, nDd tlie idiot was not ineffectively played by Mr, Carter. . On Thurs day night, tho Garnck and the Orpheus clubs played on the occasion of Miss Mathcws's bonoflt, and an nddross, written by Mr. W; M. Akhurat, was spoken by that most popnlar actress, as a leave-taking previously to her de parture for Hew Zealand. : PHOVmoIAl. Bai.laaiut.— Tho Campbell Minstrels bavo beon drawing fair houses during the past week attho Royal. ? ;BENDiao,— During the last week, tho Ghost, In connection with a German Wizard, has held possession of the Lyceum stago. Whilst awarding every credit to Messrs. Cox and Vnrley for their untiling exertions to fnrnitb novelty for their Sandhurst patrons, we cannot help expressing a -wish that the legitimate dramatic rogimo may cpecdily rcBurae its sway. 1 Castlemaine.— Tho Campbell Minstrels ap peared for Ibo last time in Caitlemaino on Saturday. On Monday the Bondlgo Star Com pany re-appeared, together with Misa Louise Arnutt, late of tho Marsh troupe. Daylbsi'obd.— Madamo Durofc and her com pany drew a good house at tho Tneatro Royal this night week, ? COlOMAIi Adelaide.— (From tho Observer, 12th Sopt.) —'Tho Duko's Motto' was again pliyod on Thursday evening, nnd judging by tho attonJ ftnee, it does not appear to catoh tbo nntipodoan taste. This Is not n little singular, supposing it to be anything Uko a tolerable translation, as tho version produced by Mr. Fochter at the Lyceum, London, ran 163 nights, and was, on tho do iiarturo of tbo July moil, likely to keep the stage lor tbc remainder of tho season. Tho News of the World, of2flthJuly,oontainsanadvtrtUemont of tho entertainments for tho ensuing week, nt the Grecian, under tho management of Mr. G. Conquest. A. now drama is announced as tho piece do resistance, bearing the tl'lo of ' Tlie Motto on iho Duke's Crest— I am here,' and, strango to say, one of tho principal characters was to be sustained by a lady known on the London boards as Mrs. Charles Dillon. The 'Duko'a Motto' has shared tlia late of all popular dramatio production!), by being burlesqued in several theatres. It is understood that Miss Jooy Gougonholm, a very popular actress, bus boon cngagod, and will shortly appear in Adelaide. This lady iB well known to bo both gifted and ncoomplishel ; and as Bhe enjoys an established colonial reputation, there fs reason to expect that bar engagement will bo plenslofr. Dun'bdin.— At the dato of our latest advices from Dunedin tho Christy Minstrels wore doing good buniness. SydnKV.— (From last Saturday's Veil).— Tho union of tho most old-fashioned form of melo drama with tho newest solenlifio illusion of the day, has boen most successfully effected at tho Victoria, and ia a mnnnor to' outdistance all competition ; Monk Lewis's somewhat effete dra-na of the 'Castlo Spectre' having boon mado tho modium by whloh ' the Ghost' hai 'put in an appearance' before the publlo. Though not In accordance with the advanced dramatio tastes of tho present day, this draxa Is one of tho best specimens or its class, and possesses greater literary pretensions than tho arorajo of Its contemporaries ; wbil-*, as a modinra for the display of aotlng'. It affords greater scopo than tho moro ophomoral productions of modern timos. Warnor playod exoellcntly, displaying an amount of melo dramatio foroa not usually oorablnod with the elevated and legitimate school of acting, which fs his moro peculiar forto ; and Mrs. Charles Foole did all she oould for tlio Bornewlint insipid borolne, which remark (mutatis mutandis) also applies to Mr. Apple ton. Tho rest of tha dramatis personal availed themselves of the plentiful opportunities for molodramntlo exaggeration aflorded them, In accordance with their peculiar biases; and tho comic business, though ' In plaoos rathor too strongly seasoned for modern pxlatesi was sus tained with spirit by Messrs. Howard, Welsh, and Mrs (J. Jones; Mr. MuBgravo made bis debut before a Sydney publio, and though in au unthankful part to opon in, mado a most favour able Impression, and fs a .decided acquisition to tho company. Bat the comparatlvo morits or demorits or author ur acfor wore entirely lost Bight of In the absorbing point of Interest—' tho .Ghost.' Tills oxtraordinary optical illusion was eminently successful, and moro than' realised tho moBt extravagant expectations. The marvollous distinctness with which tho apparition is made visible, and tbo precision of its movemonts, aro most astppislilng, «nd wbon its spectral nsturo ii domonsfiated by the characters in tun piece being- able apparently to walkthrough it, and become/as It wote, blended w Uh It, tho super natural colouring li comploto. Wthoiit ex ception, it is one. of the ''»' won^rfu1 illns tratlonsofbptloalsclenca over exhibited ,10 the publio of-Sydooy. and will, wo jh»ve no doubj, draw good houses, in Iho tcetb uf any.opppaltlon, for many a night to' come. ?___. ; ,:' ._ .. ? Burton's National Cmous has been per forming at Hcathcotc with gtoat success. It. opened at Sandhurst, on Thursday, when the pavilion was densely orowdef. The troupo is now en route for Adelaide; 