THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAILY PROGRESSION, OUK RIGHTS,'ASD OUR RESOURCES, SAJYJDHUItST, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, I $63 THE SEBASTIAN RUSH. FROM all .we hear, the Sebastian Rush bids fair to be one cf the most important rushes that have lately taken place in the colony, notwith standing the illiberal policy of the representatives of Mr. Glass, and the reticence of the journals on other goldfields. The strange silence, of some of our contemporaries is at once very amusing and very suggestive. In Castlemaine and Maryborough the rush is carefully ignored, and from Inglewood we hear a feeble wail over the infatuated men who will go to the new dig gings to judge for themselves. We quite agree with recommending caution and deliberation before striking tents and starting off, but we very much question whether a marked omission of any reference to a new rush is the best course to easure prudence. Miners have already come in from the various goldfields to see for them selves and report to their mates, and some of them have remarked upon the silence of the journals in their district with reference to the Sebastian. Generally, a favorable idea is enter tained of the prospects of the new diggings," and" we think it not at all unlikely that in a month's time there will be a goldfield developed on Myers' Creek worthy to be ranked with many that now figure very respectably in the escort returns. There can be no doubt that the development of such a goldfield. win give an unpens business of all kinds, and will benefit the district generally. In the meantime, however, it has had the effect of disturbing other mining opera tions, and it will be a little time before the new rush can repay this loss". "We obserVe in aH the references to the Sebastian Diggings, even in our own reports, a constant harping upon what is termed the revival of the district, as if this rush had found us destitute of diggers, and of mining operation?. This may do very well to give piquancy to writing, but it must cause a false impression upon people at a distance, and it does very great injustice to those resources of old Bendigo which have so long stood her in such good stead, and which there is every reason to believe will continue for an indefinite period to sustain its credit as a mining district. The Myers' Creek goldfield will be a welcome addi tion to our wonderful auriferous resources, but we need not forget that we have done very well without it, and should it turn out a complete failure, we could get along very well as hitherto. So far, indeed, the balance is against it, for it has taken away a number of miners from their regular pursuits, in which they were always adding something to our escorts, and has caused them to expend their energies in pros pecting. All this will of course be more than recompensed by the ultimate results of the Sebastian Rush, which is pretty certain to out run even the sanguine expectations of its friends. We hope to hear no more of these equivocal congratulations over this newly discovered patch of diggings, which are so eminently calculated to make people at a distance fancy that all our quartz reefs had run out, that our sludge chan nels were no longer of any use, the puddlers having migrated, and that generally speaking Bendigo, to use a homely but forcible phrase, "had gone to the dogs." The new3 yesterday from the rush -was very scanty. No more has been heard of Mr. Quinlan, the pilot fish of the land shark, whose e3say in furthering the interests of his dis tinguished friend, mil, of course, be full ap preciated. Our reporter, -who. visited the rush yesterday, had not returned at an early hour this morning, so that we are -without any detailed: information of the effects produced by Mr. Hewitt's exorbitant demands and Mr. Quinlan's eloquence. If the " bloodshed" spoken of in the sensation telegram of the Argus ia averted, to whom can the happy result be due but to Quinlan? Give honor to whom it is due. The troubled waters were calmed by the redoubted friend of the great Glass, who so won upon the diggers by his exhortations, that they have no doubt by this time rushed to Mr. Howitt praying that he would at once accept the maximum amount fixed for each claim. Speaking seriously, what can the correspon dent of the Argu3 mean by his old woman nonsense about "bloodshed?" Has Mr. Quinlan been with him, and was the ghost raised that .this busybody might have the credit of laying it ? There has been nothing whatever in the demeanor of the diggers at Sebastian to warrant any such libel on them. The fact is, if there is any fault at all in their behaviour, it is that of being too spiritless, and too patient in suffering the indignity of being lectured by the friends of Mr. Glass. We think it quite enough that they have to pay thi3 very liberal gentleman for working the ground, without beiag compelled to listen to the homilies of his friends. "What with Mr. O'Lougjhlin, counsel for Mr. Glass, Mr. Howitt, agent for that gen tleman, and Mr. Qitinlan, a representative of the two rolled up into one-not to speak of Mr. E. O'Keefe as the general utility man, the miners must have been hard put to in their interview. Absurd and irrelevant as much of this tin-' questionably is, we have strong hopes that the result will turn out well. Mr. Howitt is an in telligent man, and as liberal as a middleman am very well be. If he is left alone with the miners he will manage very well. If not, there is always this consolation that the shadow of Hugh Glass and his tail does not spread over all the land ; and that there is plenty of likely ground in the vicinity, where the miners will be able to work without having to obtain permission from exorbitant landowners. 