rT^^S^Si^sV^7 ma ? CRlNdiiNH'-^We' dare Bay j that1 : riot ' a 'jeir hiave'lattghed bcca'siotoally at the, droll flgures' ,pre sehtefl' '_ by 'the 'blact-^gina when',' imxibu^ ' to, Jpok smart', they1 promenade in ;the 'catt-pft 'apparel of ' Europeans^' They: in cbmbbn with whiteB.'^vc; a weakness for crinoline ; but wh^n ' 'such] 'has reached the leaders 6f ton in'the original canajp1, it has generally lost^ all its Bhflpeline.SB or beauty — Whatever that' mdj be-r- and' looks like an, inverted 'funnel. With the pleasure ^however, they .inherit the usual risks; and on Thureday, the lathjin atant, a poor girl, named Opossum, at Torryflbpoa' neai? Jerildeilie, being thus in 'gorgeo.us array,1* met her:death ;rhe poor thing .Uflgered a few. dayr after the accident and died. The deceased wilj^bev QJissed, as she was a particularly, good ; dive/ ?. and, on a late occasion, when a man. was drowned in the creek, 'she was the only black who woujcJ venture to attempt the recovery of , the body,r Pastoral Timis. , , ??:.??-'.- ??.i^i Committal of Foijey yoii Bobbin& -thb- MuDaEB MAlL.—^Pn . the 28 ultimo,, at., i tbe- Bathurst Police Court, John ;Foley was agaic brought tip, and. Henry Edward Kater ! being: sworn, produced the original manuscript list' fb£ the notes sent by. the Mudgee mail, under tois' oharge, on the 13bh July. The liat was in! trie handwriting of. Mr. QpWarfli the manager of. tne Mudgee Branch. The notes found on the prisoner he had compared with the printed listened found that they all corresponded owithv the exdeptibh of two. He had also examined the manuscript list.,, and found the ten pound notes tallied with' !thotie enumerated in the , manuscript .; th© brie-pbunri notes he had not compared .with the5 dboumeiiL The whole of the depoftitione having; been 'rear? r and the prisoner declining to make any etafem'ent, he was . committed' toi take his trial at the next Circuit Gourt.— ^Bathurst Times. - i TeebibiO Stoem— A hail storm ; of unuatta,! severity : rushed over Gundagai on Friday' last,. The hail stones were of extraordinary size;0 ahct fell in such, quantities as to cover the ground/ £&??? some depth and gave the; country around, fore time, quite a winterly appearance. So much hai^ has never been krVown to fall in Gundagai withiri the memory of that respected and time- honor ed; individual— ^-the oldest inhabitant. Little or no^ wind accompanied the hail, :but the full force p'£' the storm was keverely felt at the Five Mile Creefc A whirlwind swept down from the hill?, tearing upj large trees by the roots and whirling the brarjohesf into the air. In its course it encountered : MW. Carbery's ? publio house, the roof of whioh .was* carried enlirely away, 60me portions of it .to, a'-. wonderful distance. .The roof of a large^, atoaee, stable was likewise torn, off. The inmateB escaped;)' without injury, but the whole of the premisea are- in a state of complete wreck. The lightning,'. 1 which succeeded the storm did considerable damage ;to the telegraph instruments of the Gundagai J station. ' Notwitbstanking every, precaution.. hadr?- ?beeri taken by Mr. Smith, the Station master, iuv anticipation, two of bis instrjuments were smashed. — WynyarA Times, August 25. ? The Opera.— A very full house assembled ;to do honour to Miss Georgia Hodsou's benefit oa 'Saturday night. The performances coinniencerl'; wiiu .me . iiiuu bui hi ouudiuouia, succeeaeo. Dv the Mazurka, danced by Signor Carandini '.and Madame Sifii»enger, and concluded' wHi Auber'a; sparkling opera of the ' Crown Diamond^;1'' !ia-' which. Miss Georgia Hoilson took the part of Don Henriquez and :Mdlle. Rosalic'D ir-d-.)-\ that of 'the1 Queen of Portugal, disguised as the gipsy Lft. Catarina. Mr. H. Wharton ;also appeared' as;. Reholledo, chief of the brigands or 'charcnal burnerss-l and Mr. F. Lyster as the never«to be deceived pfi'me^ minister Court CaoiboMe^er. The 'Huguenots'*1 | was performed for the last time: on Monday, arid last ? night ?' Lurline1? was produced in a stile of inagni ificence never hitheno attempted in this city. The ? opera eeason will ^positively terminate on Saturday next, and on Monday :Mr« JtfFerson and Ja;str0iig ;?', dramatic company will make- their debut at this' theatre. ; The Victoria. — The Ghost which is t-- drive the ghost of Hamlet's fattier,' 'the. ghost of' Banquoj tiie ghosts of the ' kings in Macbeth-- , which appeared to the thane before Eanquo's .de scendant's were born, the ighosts'of the princes and princesses in Richard tb'e Thi'r'd 'and all other gh pstsr- eutirely out of the field has arrived in Sydney and?. will appear at this theatre in aiew days. Al^ac cnunts agree that this is one of the inost /starts- ling optical1 illusions 'ever presented on' the stage,. and noi'doubt will create quite as ektrao'rdinary an ^ffbebin' Sydney as it has done in Lundon where- ; it first uwde iu appearance and irr Melbourne where,-, it wa&:lasl exhibited, ' : . ; The knipire in its telegram yesterdayr from Young' says'.'— It has betn discovered. thaV.tii,e:-i hatiiesbf ilie1 n'ven who fi('cd at the.pJlice hoJfses,,a(K i Wombat,1 Vnii wounued one of the troopers in; tiia.^ knee, wtre Gilbert, O'Meally and Ben b{ti\L O««.n Sunday night Inspector Of ridge, with 'a .tr'ppjisex and 'a blukk tracker, went to' a place, not far fr-ait..- beie, in.oruer 10 capture some bushrangers, suppi's-s:-fc- , to be in a hut; : The pblice'4eftvtHeir horses' in t'ti'e-' care of tht ti acker, at ti-y^rd-,- and went on foot to-' surround the hut. The bushrangeisj seeing the* police, came out of the hut, were joined by soln'e o€.- their comrades, and commenced to fire volley afters volley into the horses. . One bullet went througfe . tiie 1 1 acker's arm, aud another tore his blanket. ,'.'' The bushrkugers, if vhey .w-ouLdedthe horses, loefc: ' t .etu neveithtlessawi.y. and left tl»e pulicevon foot. 4n express arrived, at Y.oung— on- Monday motningc. h'u m MKaj's station, ai Waiionbeii, stating that . ijlt: Batnts, a 'stoiekee'par, 'irbiii' Mufrum'buirahft^ h-id been killed whilst resisting bushrangers. The ciiiouer has gone out to hold an inquest. ' An inquiry was a few days since con ducted by Mr. Whittun, into the ch'arges. that -hatf:. been preferred in ih Asseajbly of irregularities ia , tile Public Works Uepartuient. , In consequence:. ut the e'Vidence thtn taken, Mr. Tiengrouse, Mr.. . Hull, aud Mr. Dotitrij i.-ne i-een suspended,, {; in'iin^ i!ie drr'*'r «?? --.t me Lxecuiue Guverumenfe;. Oil I' ?.i.iv^Vv 