THE SYDNEY MONTHLY OVERLAND MAIL. By the Northam. SUMMARY OF MONTHLY NEWS. 21st August, to 19th September, 1863. Friday, 21st to 28th August. I ia Whitehall tnkes home ti Lindon ajout -I y of the Moruja ore-ihe first shipment of roof ur silver iimieP Airiin^enen s hive 'j for the sill} meats of lirg- q ian uub bv tt di Ile ore will be sent to LiigUnd for ii the »ppli i ees tro completed fur íui»4tii g tittie nines flromhel Ins prepared an atlas containing ', tu'tralns", nccoiiip ni d bj a bri f chrono {jil te of mar ne mid ot tr geographical ilia i s man of the parei t colun), New South ,,mp of V letona , a map of the ttdl moic itoBj if Queensland , und also a map of the -it it on of Australia, which at present has no leranc ttonmttee appointed to mike arrangements ¡1 tcnolomnl Koiiing Ma ch have decided upon ¡¡.\ Connor, Dom cllv, and Cronin 3a ths pir \wt to conpe c at the f irthcmunz match nf ni 1 come otf in November, and M'Grath is j-any ti cm as tr iii cr ^rdsofli Green, the Champion Oarstnin of ¡mih lUes, hnvo forwarded by the mail , j ¿rait ef £2o0 lo meet hu requirements j Itglantl A married woman named Catherine Wilkes died suddenly of disease of the heart, on the 19th instant, in residence in Kent-street. f g Mined lred rick Edwards fell from the ¿jicu-c in Clarence .?t cet, whilst a suting to ha fire xvlich had tni-re accidentally oc j. The unforluni e mun w as removed to the yj ,sqw t vi s held on the remains of a min JeJa» those of a 1 'enchinan named Lo Tai ) l¡! Jo tph Hil Iib Hotel, Botan), on tho 20th, Ihev were found on Donovans Tin last jncck Ihe verdict return d was death by r ' liitopofMr Pugh, tobao oniät, in Qeorge i,8jctDT, vv-H eut red and r bbed of a sum of 1 cn the evening of the 19 li ins ant ii mest importent places in tho colony are notv ?* d m h bj dncy bj the tele graph Applica- nt cccuii nail} node for br.mch lines but tho <-jr.er.t require that for oxery further extension "ihactstf th- di»tiiot thull guarantee a return ¡tient on the cost and the working expense* ¡jr'Hilion, x confino in iho East Muuland gaol, iii mg attempt to escapo on the 22nd instant >by »tilth he tva9 endeavouring to get over al broke Jlexvns secured ond u now in his iijuoncd He ha», since hu attempt to ; treel to comm suicide ¡b hranger T lcj was brought before the iCut on 1-neUy the 22nd instant, und tv tis St* bj Mr hitor in ben g the principal con ii in the Mudgee n ail robber) The watch, p îket bock »nil rcvuHer found upon him ¡lefioferty of Mr Iviter ut heat) thunoerttorm passed oxer Yass, nt crthe21nd of \ugu Uni stones some of them the st7e of pigeon a II daring the ttorm lhe ground had the ap ¡.tc of mon lhe same storm, in the shape of h i p srs to hrito bvvept over Gundagai Mr rrj ¡inn at live mile Creek, tvas unroofed by -yoftrettmpc t wti 1 about ciBht j parn of agc, nametl Sarah (Plumb tvas drowned in a ttell ut Ashfield, on ädsy aternnrn the 19 h im-tant unen mmed Donnelly and Yeatman xtere eom ;i tn the 21st instant, to take their trial fur the .tot the tvornan Margaret Gee on the 27th j. n-^nn ayxre k Mr James Campbell, warien of 'cedic s Guild delivered a very interesting lec -tte life of the K ght Rev Dr Cahill Tuero list nuDiarous attendance of ladies and gentle- st tnt. lhe chair ttas occupied bv Mr, J J ia ?Sarda) .morning liât, sixtj eight poor persona itrlbyinxit ttem nt seven o clock, and partook utrejkfiist prontled for them at the temper Hill, af cr vvluth thej xverc adeliejsedbj Cip HGorran of tie Cossipnre , the whole of hu it ii o pre*ert-except the xvatchmin. left on . lhe«e break f stn gixen wcekl>, aro supported udary contr butions, and much good Ins nb cn accomplished ' mrday alternoon last somo ba'1 practice xvith ti teld peces, took j luce at Danes Batter) jr v of the men «ho touk part in the practice dto the Jtivol Artillerj, hu', by invita ion a rfoiWunteert xvere present, anl hid one gun ai to trem The rango ttas at 000 )ards, the le ne moored down the harbour The practice Millern 'illicit omnibuses carno into collision on tho jlluhcuttet è Bat on the 21st Instant Fortu ¡toonetvis vcrj seriously hurt ilmcholy acculent took p ace at Menangle taidaj- A gentleman named Macintosh tell neiauvsj bridge, when one of his thighs xva* ï atdhew s otherwise senouslj injured Ile Into the Infiimsry newel Ieeture of the season at the School of i«uisrr, vn* delivered on 'Wednesday evening W the Rev James Canif ron, of Richmond, on .rrflneace of the dvxelht g on character " ? Henrr kendall, the Australian poet, haî re i >n appointment in the Depirtment of the 1 rforLandp i Sty William Mitchell, lately the second ntttha Presb>ttnin Church of Kilmore aj, hss rcr-eued a call to lake charge of the irtNum'-n, m the Shoalhaven district wa Jamieson, of the bar-ruo Monarch, report* -fthted a teasel bottom up, b anngtvehe with of Cape feelnnck -ocean steamer Mimo»a Vm just bc°n cnabl"d -le Its xv ax for the fir»« time up the -Ken as far as Ierran Sh» xvent ille'O h instant, to the great elelight of nil who ?mMcd in tho prospemj of the Shoalhaven « To the amve exertions of Captain rietther ce cf lhe Government dredge, this gren' ad «is mainly to be nut ibu ed eating of the Acchmstisat on Society of New -nues was held on Munday evening last, Dr 3 m the chiir "Various interesting pipers vv tie ii di cwed. ?it railway meeting held at Goulburn last Mon «t, at which the Mayor of Goulburn presided, i . of two hnndrfd persons were pre ent A -»to the Legis'itrve Assembly was adopt»d, -I "* the rapid extension of ml« »vs to Goul ttd Alburj, and that conttac s mi) be is=ued to t«son A resolution was passed ni favour of W the terminus into the town of Goulburn fling «speeling the object oí themeeüng was A meeting of the committee of the Albert Cricket Club was held last Tuesday afternoon, at Lawrence's Mr. J. M. Leigh presided, and explained what had been done with respect to procuring a suitable cricket ground for the club. Several policemen returned to Young on Tuesday. With the search of the bushrangers reported they succeeded in sighting, but not in catching the men who stuck up the storekeepers They succeeded also capturing five horses taken by the bushrangers, brought them into the camp. »!!vni8,of Fersons interested in pastoral pur irfl x,nt the northumberland Hotel, West ¡fff V\, r,fdnes'k> A résolution was patsed ¿i » ^hst the meeting approves of the bill Vii i Bobert8tm frtho destruction of ?jweep, but tubicct to a nigher rate of compen- sar' I8 '*" hfcad* and 3d 1,er monln for w°o1 'I?Üday,tbD fnet"19 and patrons of the new ?wms adjoining the Congregational Church, ' »Mt, assembled in coiibiderable numbers, iiemi Blthering f°r tea, in the room?, and I J ln a 5etieral public meeting m the > id «rcetmg was opened with praise and Í., *hlcn the Kcv Ihomaa Johnson, the .!J£,can,i"erC8tinS8CO0Unt oC the beginning, Fw, and the completion of the undertaking 'tm»ll\\.f0rtn,f;htl> mee«ng of the members of tiïï? Is ?'< «bytenan Institute was held ß-Y'111 '»b Piec Chureh, Macquane-street. J^Wisided Mr. Marun read a paper on 'wdthattheRev Canon. R Allwood, incum >P»hÄ Chut^i 8ïdney. 1"» been invited îl "* bishopric of Ta«naaia. An agi d mun named Agnew died suddenly in Mrrgnrct street last Tue^du). The ptotructed debate on Mr. Martin's motion, censuring tho (Jnverumenr, after a debate of seien r ¡gins, via* brought tu n cluse- lu-etThursday evening, ni iwelv oil. ex. Tie re.-o'.u'ioiis mivid by him xv ore tin» 11) r cgitivod by ii m-j-iri'y i f 44 io 20. The ilebate, ne- rejior ed in t1 i-i j .urn.il, covered the enor lnrus bpuce of iin-ty columi.s of closely printed matter. On Thursday, the Volunteers for the War in New Zenliiid (about eighty in number) took th*ir dt-pur tuie. in the barque Kne. They were cheered by toe eeople tvho were prestnt. Friday, 28 h August ti 4tli Siptcmbcr. An adjourned meering of Salibath-bcho ii teachers in canmct on wi h the cstabli-hmcnt ot a S,ibbith fir.oi.l TJiii n «as held at tlie School of ArU on the 28ih ultimo. ltwbsx-ir> numernu-ly attended. In a ccngrcgn-icin held ut Oxfuid on the 4th of June la-t, the degree of Bachelor ot Arts wa-, con- ferred upon Mr. Ai thony Liuson Mi)hevv, of W.id htiin Ce liege, Oxfi rd, n- phew of Mr. Robert Maj how, of Ivewiovvn, iii this ioli ny, Iho Braidwood Observer states that it is currently reported that tho pleuro- pnaumonia exista in the Braidwood distiiet. A man nnuicd John Freney, in the employ of Mr. J. C. Tindal, of the Ram rnio Station, on the Clarence, bus aincd, a lew days tinco, very severe injuries whilst ingiged in felling n tree. Tho atnuu tarion of one of his teeiwas rendered indispcnsible. His Excellency'he Governur lately in-pecicd the machinery of Mosi-rí, Jonc and Co. fir tlie prnp .ru tien e f hoi c-dubt for ngncultural purposes. We h id aire ndy had mills for this puroose, but the new invem titn is mere linn usuill) c unplete. It ii f-ituatcd in Pyrmont, on the light of the bridge» from tho Syeln-y sido, lhe bune can be delivered from the xvater's tdpe, -when it is conveyed on a short tram to lhe mill*. Last Saturday, being the anniversary of the forma- tion r.f the Volunteer force ot New Sou h Wnles, it xvns determined ta celebra-c tho diywith evolutims beyond those of on ordinär) parad«. About -100 men of the Sydney Battalion fell in at the Volunt-er Barracks, und were shoitly hfterwnrds joined by the two batteries of Artillery and the Suburban Battalion, milking in all nearly 700 men. The entire force proceeded to the neighbour- hood of Double Bay ond there began to tngugc in a sham fight xvith the military, who were fe und to have taken possession of the heights of G n nagullah. Alter the men had been thonHcd for their attendance by tho colonel, and congratulitcd upon their cndi'able state of discipline, they were marched back to their respective rendezvous and ili-misBed. A butcher named duties Baker, residing ut Bick Creek, ncarBathur-r, was found dtad in a gully abgilt ten days i-inco. Kis horse xvms aUo dead, anti it Beetr.cd as if there had been on upset. A proclamation has been istued declaring the elec- tion of CUrk Irving, Esq , to feive in the Legislative Afsrmbly for the Elect ral Di-triet of the Clarence, valid, notwithstanding the delay in the return of the wit of election. me buBhrai ger JLiOwry was captured at a pu'ilic house at Cookvala Creek, fifty miles from Goul- burn, last Saturday morning Sei íor-sergeant Ste pl cnson shot the rufHan who mide a determined resistance biforo ho could bo secured "With bte phtt son vvtre detectives Sander on nnd Camphin, who londered every asaistmc0 Stephenson and his party captured (be ides Lovvrj) Larry Cummings, Vatdv the publican, his two stepsons Robert and Henrj II gan, and Watson, Brown, and a man nimcd Williams A large nmount of the notes BUlen frrmihe Murigte mail were found on Lonry Tor his gallant conduct tt»phenson hal been promoted lhere hat been a.rencontre between the police and a partv. of robbers at the Wombat In consequence of evidence taken in an enquiry re- lative to ceitain alleged irregular ties in the Pub te Werks Department, Mr Irengrous-, Mr Hill, and Mr Dohi rt} have been suspended, pending the de- cision (f the Executive Government On the 13th ultimo, an abong n 1 girl, named Opossum, wss accidentallv bu ntto death at torrybo, near Jerilderie Hie accident appears to have oc- curred through the casual igniiion of an iron-hooped lit iroat A Mr Gdbeit Hawdon, of Punkally Creek, nevr Wogonga, wes unfortunate!) drowned m the Moruya a ftvv days since An inquirv has been held int") the origin of the In e outbreak at Bemmi gaol, anl the unity p rues ordered to vauous terms cfsepvrata confinement Ihe Spnng Hace Meeting at Randwick commenced on Thurtdiy last, wl en, notvv thstandi g the some- what unfavourable nature tf the weather ihe atti ill- anco vvas good Ihe sport, for the most parr, was excellent George the First walked over for the Optional Selling Stakes , Kioter vvis the winner of t) e Metrop litan Maiden Plate, belling the favourit a Ramornie BndActeon and six: others IheSqu-ittrs Pur e fell to Maid of Lrn the Cum'ierlind Hindi cap fill to Pasha (the favtc t three mil» race ever run. at Randwick) bearing tarragon, Slumrock and three othira and the Waverley Stakes f 11 to Hegno M'Manus, the bushranger, was arrested last Sntur da> night, rn the "Upper Paterson lne Maida id police have bien in pursuit for the Ia t five da)s "N hile attempting to escape, M Manus ho se was shot At Albury the railway metung held on Saturday last was well attended Petit «ns to the G">v rame it and Legisla uie were adopted and a commit ee appointed to watch the progress of the movement ¿10 were subscribed in the room towards expenses At n general meeting of i) e Austral an Jockey Club, held lan Monda) afternoon, ten gentlemen we c elected as members The club n vv numbera no lets ti an two hundred and tiventv members A concert cf v cal and instrumental music was given last Monda} evening in the Hall of the Snored Hean, Darlinghurst, bj the members of the Australian Ct ti olio \oung Mens fcociety There wss a nu- merous attendance Mr Burros, a storekeeper of Murrumburrah, was shot dead by the bushranger O Meally near the Wallendbeen station (Mackey's) last Sunday after- noon. The deceased refused to give up his pro- perty to the robber and endeavoured to escape. O'Meally followed nnd, shooting him in the back, Mr Barnes lill upon his head and died borne people on the station saw the bushranger ure and the effect the »hot took on Mr Bane» O Meally aft*r waids went to the station store and took vvhit he required lins frightful murder has caused tia greatest excitement hire and m the surrounding dis met The remain« of the murdered man were brought into "in s on lhurday for interment The towns people showed eveij rcpect to the memory of the ds ceased A robber named "Willum Ramsay wa» arrested at Muswellbrook last thursday Ho refused to Bur- renda nnd w is t-hot by the police in the knep Mr bu art (Colonial lreaeurer) made, on Thursday night, his statumnt of the financial condition of the colony the partieulais of which will bo found in ano- ther column A tea and public meeting to welcome the mis sionanes ot the London Missionary Society, now in Sjdney, prior to proceeding to the bouth Sea Islands, took place last i lght at the Congregational Church, Redfirn lhere was a good attendance Appropriate and interesting addresses were delivered by tho rev gentlemen pie ent I hopes ate entertained of the ultimate recovery of Mi. Bajlisi, shot by bushranger.; ot his road to tirana, near Wogga, the mui-cles of the hack hating | piotectcd the tital parts. Parties in the neighbour- hood have volunteered to go in pursuit of the assassins. The usual monthly meeting of the Horticultural Society rf Sydney was held last Wednesday evening at the School of Aits The attendance was numerous. Mr Dummerxvas voted to the chair. A splendid sample of sea-kale was shown by Mr. W. Creswick, gardener to Mr. Wa'ker, of Buckhurst, and was considered the best that had been seen in the colony. A fine speci- men of Ihrtsacanthus ritilanswas sliu-vn by Mr. A'ernon, gardener to Mr. í Tooth, e." Cranbrook ; it tvas about three feet high, hating about a do7eu long racemes of bright starlet iloweia. Ibc annual mooting of the member» and sub Fcnbcrs of the Sjduey Philharmonic ISocie'y xvag held last Monday evening, at fie School- room in Csatlereagh- strett ; tlie Hon. J. II. 1 i.Jlun>ett, M.L.C , m the chair. There was rather a numerous attendance of the members. The honor- ary secretary (Mr. T. J. Southern) read the report lor the past yenr. I Friday, 4th to 11th September. I The attendance on the second day of the Spring Race Meeting at Randwick-was tolerably good, the weather fine, and the sport very fair. The Selling Handicap was won by Wonder, the Bruie Stakes hy Miss Maguí, the Sydnev Handicap by Regno, and the Huiry Scurry by Prince. On the third day a large concouise ot persons was present, and there waa nothing xvhatever to detract from their enjoyment of the excellent sport provided. The Prince of Walei fell to the Bluetail Flj-, the Derby to Mr. Cheeke'» , Ramornie, the Metropolitan Cup (the great rae« of the meeting) to Mr. Towns'* Regno. The Innkeeper*' Purse-was taken by George the îïr»t, and the Forccd 1 Handicap bj-Dispatch. '1 /o Julia F,rmer arrived here on the 4th instant, fr m loiopilla en the coast e f Sou li Aminci, with 216 nlpiicas on board It is underwood ihat these are tie hist iiii-talment of 1600 which Firmer and Cum pnry, ef Luna, I ave cnpiucd to t-ci d io Mo b um-. The- new Katu nul ¿iho.l in Mount-st cet, Pyr- mont. xVHS epe eel on ti c lth fcep einher by a puolic ii Ci t n^, xv I ich ve t, n mero i-lv utteiidüd. l'tio chair was oceupii el b> ti e Rev /h ^ 111 'J he ii embcri i f tie Aiii-lralian Jock») Club had their tnnual r co dinner on tho evnuiigot ttio 4th instant, »t 'I attert-hU's Hotel, Piti-iir et Anerdnirt momlily m*>> tmg of the S)dncy Yicht Club xvns'held lost Ihuibdax week, when u numbur uf new membirs x»eie thettd 'J he h urth conceit m connci ti n xvith the B dmain Musici-1 Union can e off in t1 e h 11 t the behool of Ans D.rlu g-'treet, en Fndaj nieht, the 4ti iiihtant '11 e hist pirt of ilie piogiamme consiite 1 txelusiv ly of B»citd music, and thu hecunü p,rt wai do voted to tel ular pic B The- opirafexson »t the Prince of W.iies was brought to « dose on Snturdi) night, when the gad historieal op ra of " I es Hugui mus" w at p> rturmed, usa com plimmtniyb ncht to the enieiprisu g unel energe ic d rector, Mr. W. S. L)stcr. The hou-e was crovvJcd in evuy pnrt, and ile pnncipal pi rtormírs met with a mcBt cnthusiattic reieption iiom the audience, which tvas diservcoly me-nted A reci nt number of the Mercury states that the wtikson lhe Maular d ard Morpeth R llway have, during the past few da)s, bctn entirely di continued, ai d ti c men who xvere tmoloyed on ihom are now ii le. Die stoppoge is atirioutco to the absence ot the contractor, Mr. Martindale, tvho has become in Bolxtnt. A Hooper named Quirlivnn his recently been drowned «lu t-t at empting to eio-s the Turon. lhe Pastoral 'lim s sports that plt-urj-pncu I moina haB been spr<.admg in tne Murrumbidgee d s | tuet. It tppcars now t) have set in so virult-n ly, and extendb over such an immense tract of coun ry, as to n ake any attempts to cheek it aim st úsele b At t* e ¿»tlium Circuit Court list Mondav 1 oley, for n lib ng the Mudgee mill, was leun I guilty an t tcnienied to hf een j ara hard libour the first three in iroi s lhere ate ott cr charges against hitn An excellent mliogrardi c nap (dra in by Mr J Jon«?, geographer, et ihm city) has bein published, b> n reference to which the phi neal a peet of tne countiy ni JNew Zealand now de olatcd by civil strite can te teen al a glnrcc-ihe opérations of tne c ntend mg foieos btjuig hereby rendere I perfectly if tell giblc 1 he mnp is ataretully i x cuted copy i f a larger one lithographed by Mr J Varty at Auckland N Z 1 he race hi tec» R gno anil 1 r-u riler have been pur chastd by Mesus BuitardCo for st ipmentti China Ihe first for 700 guineas, and the lutter fur 500 guirtas A n isccllaneouB concert wes given last Monday evi nugi) tie choir ot St Bein diet s Church, in a d i f ti e tunda ol the local \ oung Men a "-oeietj, in the 1 all, Aberciomb c street Ire programme embraced sou e choice OLcintic vocal music, as well as popular ballade and dutts At a public metung of the pupils of the late Mr W T Caj e-cor ventd io consider the pr priety of raismg a su table memorial to ti at gentleman s memorj-it wis rti-olved to subscribe to i fund ot not less than £600vvhorewi h to found an open Scholarship, to be calkd ihc' Cape bel olmship within the Unmrsity of S)dney A very crowded house assembled at the "Victoria 1 beatie Jett Monday to witness the productim of " Ihe Castle Sp cue, in which were introduced at the cloie of every act those startling eflecU recently discoveitd m England by Mes rs Duckes ai d Pepper, and now generally known under the d<" si(.i ution of " Ihc Ohost lhis tu gular optical illusion was preBinttd with unqualified tuccess, uhd received with enil utiattic markb of approbation About hall past teven o clock last Monday night, a little boy named John Carlyle slipped off the kerb stone m Rile) street, Suny Hills, and, fill ng in the gutter, broke Ihb arm He was taken to tne Inlir maiy, wlcie the fractured 1 mb was tet -On the same day, at an earlier hour, there was a sad accident at the Railway leimirus in which William Heard, the goods (,0ns Amputati n was reí dered i etcssaiv Last Mot day ivtningthr hr^t of a scries of lectures on ihe . btate, lemper, and Prospects ot India, unce the Mutiny if 1857, was delivtred at the Tree masons Hull "Verk ttreet, bv the Rev E E Jenkins MA His Excellency the Governcr presided on the otea ion lhere wes a large aud once ihe usual monthlv meeting if the Acchmati at on Society cf jNcw South \\\ alea was held at the othes of Mr L Samuel on Monduy last -Mr Judge Trancis in ihe thair Spicimms ot the flower» of lint beauti- ful plant from the mountains of Peru, the Camua buxilolia, or Box leaved C ntua, were exhibited ti the miciing by Dr Bennett, who made several ínter- es ing cb enauons u[ on it Ihe flowers were fioni the garden of the Rev G lutner, of Ryde, near bvdiey ' In accordance with previous arrangements, the Presbytery of bjdnty, in connection witu the Church of bcotlaud, met at three o clock p m , on the 2nd instait, in the chuich at Numba, Shoalhaven, to induct the Rev William Mitcrelt There was a lai^e congngatum present, and every seat in the chuich was filled Lake Macquarie, near Newcaitie, has of late been moie than trdinarilj attractiv c, it one is to)_dg» )rotn the many paities continually proceeding thither, for jlia'ureor fer business Ihe discovery of coid in ti at quarter, and its subséquent development, have in a great meaiure no doubt ltd min) parties to give more attention to that somewhat romantic and be.au tuul spot Ihe attraction of the Lake appears to 1 Eve exunded to S^dnev, for it is Btat d th u active prei arations pre ben g made to receive 1 is Lxcelleney the Gove ncr in Chiel and i-uite, who are expected to go ihire al out the middle of tre pre ent month Duung the week amongst t c deaths, \\.c , we observa ihe following -A mau nama William Jamts Mi ehell_has died from ihe etlects of iiit-tn pi ranee.-Un lue day last the body ot a man named J j und xvas i und, h ingii g by the neck from a fonce, about a mile from Pic on -lhe body of another man, nuiicd William Pieraon, x\as found dead in Maitland, huijging in a closet near the mer -thomas R ce ex piitd suddenlj, ofdiaiosa of the heart, at his rési- der ce m Bathuisl street, last Monday a termon A faimer, named Mr, Peter Malton, xva3 robbed on Tuesdaj lu»tbj two armed men, near Yass Mr Buch s enieitainmtnt-lhe Holiday Trip-is vciy cerdiallx appreciated by large numbers ot per- sons every night The pauorcimc illustrations aro much admixed, and the dtsenptiocs extremely pleasing At tho late annual general meeting of the sett holdeis otloik street bjnagegue, Mr. b Emanuel, M L A , and Mr S Horihung, wero respectively re tle ted to the oilice of president and treasurer fur tho entuii g Jewish year A meeting of the Christian Temperance Aid Society was held last Tuesday night in the Ebenezer Chapel, Rile) stmt The Rev S Humphries occupied the chair After tea Dr Neild dehtered a umperaue» I lee ure | Two sons of Mr. Hockey, who reside a few milos beyond Rockley, hate succeeded in de'tro)ing 18o natitt cat» and opossums with the aid of their dogs slonc within one month Twenty-one were killed by ihtni in one night A meeting of gentlemen interested in sheep pro peitieB, and chiellx counsttng of peisons opposed to ti e bill now before Parliament for the destruction of infecte el sheep, was held last Tuesday afternoon, at Men s Rooms About fifty gentlemen xv ere present A police camp near the Wombat was surprised by a party of bushrangers last Sunday night, when all the troopers horses were stolen The Ret Dr Steel delivered his quirt"rly addres3 before lhe members of the Young Men s Prcbytcrian Institutes lost W edne day night, in the Free O aurel, Macquarie street The attendance was more than usually numerous A labourer named Henry Smith sustained sotere injunes from a fall at Healey and Harper s dry dock Hie unfortunate man was at once carried bj his fel. low- xvoikaen to the Infirmary-his leg being broken The Jittcrine Heiaid is advocating the canalil>ation of tno Darling. The Brookong shepherd shot by the Imshranjers a fexv davs rt6'o, has been brought to the "W aTga Wagga hoBpit 0 m the cole of his ttite A public meeting of penons interested in com- mercial pursuits xvas held at the Chamber of Com- merce, on Thursday afternoon, to take into consider- ation tbo alteration ia the ?ariff, &.c , as proposed by i me non. the Colonial Treasurer, Mr._ T. W. Smart. j At the hour announced for the meeting there were only a few persons present, but subsequently the attendance numbered between sixty and seventy. The chair was occupied by Captain Darley. In an abduction case beard at Parramatta last Tuesday, the principal witness, Harriet Catnpany, was found to be unable to give evidence. She could not remember when she waa last at any place of -wor- ship-could not repeat the Lord's Prayer-and did not know what the Bible -was, nor the nature of an oath. At the parade of the Volunteer Rifle« at Farra matta last Monday afternoon, the gold medal pre- sented by Alderman Trott to be abot for kuu&Uj; ' bv the eotrpnny was handed by Cjptain Brown to I ii\ate Ritchie, the successful competitor for its pos- se ki. on. The diemntic soasen nt the Prince of Wales Th-atre commenceel on llmtliy. 'lim pttcis were carelully selcited, and inet with a fair i-lWcof public ua'r.inagc. '11 e world-wi le- optical illu-ion deB gr.edtln " Ghost" wir pur lculaily tucccstful in its variety of formi and Hpitbcniations. Pud y, 11th, to Saturday, 10th Sep'embcr On Sm < ax mi i r in?, the Gth inst n', a' abo it one o'clock, Mr V M G lone, a d at Tori CF 1 u ii cn ni B thurs' attending the Assi/es, was mi st brut illy os-au ttd whilst in thctxixution of his dut), .nd a pnstner, whu had but just been anes'id, wes icscucd Iiifurmain n has reached Sydney, that on the 11th ultimo, a mm named William Brooks, n drover, and a native el Muswellbrook vu drowned m VVornmat Creik, a mliuiHiy lo ihe Bi ruin, and about twenty mili s bekvv Walgett A meeting rf tabba h-school teachers in ronnection with the Sunday Schocl Iii ion, was held on Indny, tie 11th instant, m one if the class-ri oms of the Scloolof Ans The meeting was convened to elect the ofliceiB of the Ur ion A numerous ai d influential meet ng of genÜVmen cf the Jevvit-h commun'y was held on lhursday evi nmg, the 10th ir steint, at the Vc-try Room, York street b)iiagni;ue, when an address was presented to ti c Hev A B Davis indicative of the high eFt=em in v 1 ich he is held by lia ci ngrefcat on, and exprc sin,; thur high ipiretiaticncf ihc viluable services he has rendered them as their spiritual guide Iwo vtiy beau liul rams have arrived direct from Rusna via Li ndon The) are the ehu ol the most cilebia'td flock in Bu sia, belonging to M Philibert, of AlmnriBi Govirrmcntof Inunde, a locality known to i ri duco the fin' st wool of Rustía His Excellency btr Henry Barkly, Lady Barkly, and Mus Baikiv ai rived last Sunday morning by the mail itcnnier from Melbourne, and were rectived by his Excellency bir Jehu Your gat Government House, whtrethty will be tntertuined during their stay in Sydney Sir Henry visited the Houses of Parliament on Wednesday last and listened to the debates. By the ship City of Sydney, which arrived from London on Saturday last, ninety four rank and file of the 12th Regiment have arrived. It is understood that these soldiers, or a similar number from the other companies, will be immediately dispatched to New Zealand, but it is not yet decided whether the rest of the troops are to be sent. The troops landed about seven o'clock in the evening, and, preceded by the band, marched to the Victoria Barracks. The Newtown Company of Volunteer Rifles had their third annual picnic and dinner on Friday last, the 11th instant. They mustered early in the day, and proceeded to the butts at Cook's River, where they tried their skill as riflemen. There were two matches. The first was open to the company, and the second to all except the company's marksmen and the winners of prizes in the previous match. The shoot- ing throughout was considered good. An old man named William Dickman wa« found diowrcd m a waterhole ontbeBotiny Road, on tie 5th instant. Ihe dead bod) of a child was found in a ecispcol on the Suiry Hills, and has been "he s ibject of a Coroner's enquiry 1 be unhappy mother oftae child nasbi cn committed fur inuidcr Monsieur Boulanger, the celibiattd pianist well known io the musicul vvoild of 3vdr.c), dtedatShang Iiai, in Jul) last. Ile new colonial built gunboat for New Zealand, wes ü ed m the harbcur last Monda}, and was muc i approved of. bhe has been built entirely under the supennter dence of Mr. E O Moriarty, acting for th« IStw Zealand Governs- ent, and practical men are o opin on that the engineering work is as finely finished as ary import d from the mo hei-couniry Tie Rev. E L Jenkins M A , delivered asee ni lecture upon India, in the Wtsleyan Church, at Itcw toxvn, on Munda) evermg last Specimens of the Cantua buxifoha-a very beauti ful j lant-Lrom the garden of the Rex O I Turner, ut R)de, late betn exhibited at the oflice of thu journal Itisouginall) from the mountains of Peru fcouth America, and first flowered in New South %\ ales at ti etnd if Augu t, 1862 continuing to dis ] ley a succession of bl fgoms through lite month of Scpten ber This ) e nt tho flow ei buds began to appear in Julj and i is now pioimtly in hluom II is readily rropagatcd b) cuttngB The blos'oms are 0enerall) full fuurinch.es lore,, wi h a crimson and yellow tube Two convicts, rmmed Willison and Britten, hate effected their e cape from Cockatoo A clergxman of the Profbvtcnan Church tia« re centl) Mopped on the r ad between the Murrumbid gee and Ginninderra by two armed bushrangers Dr I mg moxed for a cancellation of iho mortgage upon the Scots Church on tuesday exening last A cuttmiltoe tv s arpomttd to entjuue into the case and to rcpeit Three prisoners, John Jobson, Joseph Marshall, and John Reilly succeeded in effecting their escape from Berrima gaol last Wednesday night. They cut a hole in the ceiling of their cell, which is boarded and is in the second story. Al out tiree honored Murray River cod have been eucc fsfull) introduced into the waters of Mulwaree and W ollorehllx. 1 he Jin ci me Ihrald of the 9th instant reports that as Mr Rice, of the Murray Ti hu g Coinpmy, was ccming doxvn the Murr) in a boat 1 st week from the îunction of the Ldwaid to I ake Mo^ra he shot in the course tf two houis twenty tix snake*, several of wlich. were roven f et in length Mr Ricesajsthey mun hove been Hooded cut of their holes Last Tv rine'dav evening the usual mon hly meet mg of the 1 hilotcph es1 Society look place in the hall c1 the Auftiatian I lhrary At al out one o clock on Tuesday, a man named James Gratnx, ttcplate wcrker, livit g at Petcrsnam, xvah tlroxvn from n cut which he was driving cn tho 3 iterpoel Road Ile receited several injune j about his heid and face Un Mondât, the 14th instant, the founda ion stone of the proposed VI ee-le jan Chapel at Lochint ir, was laid bx Mrs Johnîxotr of "V\ e t Maitland Addresses xvcre delixored b) the Rets J Oram, G Woolnough, ai el G L Narn, tnd a collection made, xvhich amrunted to £13 10s lhe report of the Election and Qualifications Com- mittee on the CBseb of Mr Robert Purster and Mr William love lave not beni adopted by the As fembly Tbo cebates on theo casts took place last ?\\\ ednesdaj A man eomed Jo«oph Charles Newcombe has been committed to take his trial for mantlaughter-hating caused the death ot an aged man named limothy Cuftack, h> stn] ing Cussack s horse suddenly wi h a whip, on the 2Gih ultimo The horse startfd and threxv the old man, tv ho died from the injuries he ro- ce ted On Saturdax, the 12th instant the firm of Solomon, \mdin and Co , Vv est Maitland, gate the emplotei on their eetabln-hment-between twenty and thirty persons-and a few visitor a luncheon in one of their large stores 1 he room w as tae-tefull) decorated with flags, and the tables were loaded xvi h ever)tbing of | the best quality I it lias Been determined bj the officers of the Volun i teirRifltsto presenta testimonial to Captain Laver on his departure to New Zeahnd The dies for the medals awarded nt the preliminary I Exhibition at the School of Arts, of articles intended for the Internati'ml Exhibition, bad at the date of last adv ces from England been received m London, and would be forwarded to Sydney, without fail, by the August mail. The debate on the wavs and means was resumed on lhursday, when th» committee was addressed by Me'srs Samuel, Weekes, Piddington, Darvall (Attorne)-General), Allen, Tighe, Robertsm (Secre jury for Lands), and Monia The debate was odjourned till W cdneaday next 