BRIGHTON MUNICIPALITY. The polling for the election of the first six municipal Councillors ever chosen to represent the above district took place yesterday. The polling commenced at 10 a.m., and closed at 4 p.m., and the result as forwarded to us by coach was is subjoined. It will be observed that the list of successful candidates corresponds, with the exception of the substitution of the name of Mr. Stanfield for that of Mr. Butler, with that published in our Friday's impression as likely to exhibit the result of the exercise of their suffrages by the electors. There is now little room for doubt, that the prediction hazarded by us at the time above referred to, as to the Wardenship being likely to rest in Mr. Finlay, will also be verified by the result of the election for that office. The following is the list forwarded to us yesterday is Reynolds, Thomas . 190 Reynolds, Henry , . 184 Finlay, Alexander . 170 Allwright, Richard Thomas. 154 Gunn, William, jim.'.. 133 Stanfield, Thomas William . 123 Butler, John James. 100 Elliston, William Gore i v 76 Johnston, Thomas .... . 44 Messrs. T. and H. Reynolds, Finlay, Allwright, Gunn, and Stanfield are therefore the successful candidates. Repairs to me Police Court The sittings of the Police Court have during the past few days been held in the Criminal Court building owing to the fact that the Police Court building has been under- going repair. The alterations are, however, now nearly complete and the sittings of the court will be resumed in the proper building early next week. The arrangement of the building has been considerably altered, and it will be far more comfortable than it previously was. The prisoners' dock has been placed on the left of the bench and a bar has also been erected at which defendants in cases of misdemeanor will have to appear. The huge stone which previously stood on the left of the Bench, has been placed inside the bar behind which the public view the proceedings, and the space within this division has been considerably enlarged. Cloth covered spring doors have also been fixed at the entrance, which will effectually exclude draught, and will also prevent witnesses " out of court from hearing what transpires within. The floor of the Court is we understand to be laid with pentulicum.or guttapercha, noiseless setting, and the walls are to be re- painted, which will give the building a nest and comfortable appearance. St. John's Parsonage. We have to remind our readers that the meeting for the purpose of taking steps for the erection of a parsonage in the parish of St. John's, takes place this evening by adjourn- ment in St. John's school-room, Goulburn-street, at a quarter past eight. Plans of the proposed building will be submitted, and a report from the committee appointed to take the preliminary stops will also be brought under consideration. As a church meeting takes place immediately before- hand, it is expected that there will be a large attendance. Rifle Marsh The return match between ten married and ten single volunteers will be fired to-day at the Rifle Range, weather permitting. The match will commence at about 2 o'clock, five shots being fired at the respective distances of 200, 300 and 400 yards. Police Court. There were no cases on the police sheet at the Police Court yesterday, the only business before the Bench being a couple of information cases The Court was kept waiting until within a few minutes of 11 o'clock, in consequence of the absence of a second magistrate. It is really very much to be desired that gentleman holding the commission of the peace, after being apprised that their name is on the roster for a particular day, should be punctual in their attendance. The valuable time of counsel, witnesses, and other persons, engaged or summone 1 to appear in Police Court cases is now far too often wasted in waiting the attendance of " a second magistrate." Rifle Match. Native v. European, A rifle match has been decided upon between a squad of Native and a squad of European Volunteers, which will be fired at the Rifle Range, weather permitting on Saturday, 28th inst. The conditions of the match and the names of the competitors have not yet reached us. but doubtless, we shall he able to publish tlioRG particulars shortly. Erratum. For A. J. Home" in yesterday's Mercury, read A J. name." as nominated by R. Brumby and others for the Ringwood election. Ghosts. We are informed that a. first-rate haunted house is at the disposal of the Ghost Club. It is situated at Wallington on-Tyne. The ghost mania is frightfully on the rise. All the hoardings in the metropolis are covered with ghosts, most of them being stuck by poignard or by sword, and being very strong' under the treatment. Skeletons are cutting away for their lives, one after the other, in the Deerfoot style of running for the championship. Ghosts are tortured into the forms of letters with the object of inviting the public to witness their punctual appearance at some place of entertainment or another. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, it is said, has even entered into the fun of the thing, and intends to demand a license for the retailing of spirits, and, of course, a duty of 8s. a gallon Court Journal. Um'oiNoreLED Douqes.-As an illustration of the absurd, and, indeed, we might say, the unprincipled dodges which some of the Otago journals practice with the view of attracting population, we give the following, which is from the Dunstan News, of the 28th October :-" Victoria Deserted ! Dunstan restaurants and hotel- keepers prepare beds. Last evening a considerable number of passengers by the Aldinga arrived at the Cumberland hotel, and from them we learn that nine of the largest ships in Port Philip are laid on for Otago. From all parts of Victoria a very extensive exodus is taking place, and the summer's rush bids fair to prove one of great magnitude so it would be well for our merchants and tradesmen Robe prepared for the influx, as most of the new comers will certainly pass through our township," 