. BBOBPTI IN OT THH TKLBQIUM vnoM ENGLAND ZN THE ABSBMBI-Y.-Dnriog tbe tedious oontest between the greet majority of the Assembly and Mr. Botton about the Boab in Sheep Amendment Aot (wo or three oopiea of tba. Telegram from England were brought into tbs House; and far several minutes all baslness waa ans. pended, while honorable coombara clustered round thone who had eeoured the first oopiea of tbe news. ."Capture ol Vnksbuig"and "Now York ander Martial Law" were repeated several times in all quarters. And the Speaker, evidently seeing that it was in vain to oncok the eager oariosity of members, teoltly allowed the oeesation of baslnesp.- So completa and prolonged an interruption of the prooeedloga by the reoelpt ol intelligence baB not belora oeeurred. Ti HrEtUNOE MEETIKO.-A Urga number ol persons «ere in attendance al the nanti weakly tempéranos moe'» lng, held lett evening «Unto the Temper noe Bali, Pitt street, Mr. Winter presided, and the meeting «BB ad« dreBned by Meas», Armstrong, J, Davis, J. Nail, Lacea, Dr. Whittell, and others. The meeting elosed at .bant balUpast nina o'olook, and aeveral names «ere added to tbe teetotal roll. . I ' -ACOEDENT.-Abant eight o'olook yesterday m'rnlng, a I man named George Boleyn,-in the employ of William Carroll, drayman. Church.street, Paddington, reocived a I violent k ok on tba head from .a boise whloh be was l airing on ibo sand bills off Dowling street. Tba men «aa immediately oonveyed to the Infirmary, whare be was attended to by Dr. Houston, who pronounced it a var» serious ea sei No. 1 G MPAhY RXFLK CLUB.-The eighth meeting of 'his olnb took plaoe on Wednesday afternoon les', et the Volunteer Batts, to shoot for prises, «ben tbe following loores were nude. Strong westerly wind blowing at tbe tirar : Fl HST On't. Brownlow . Cloe« '. B. Phillip» ' G. Phillips Johnson . Froeman, .Hiller. Jaokaon Wickham BKOOHD CHI», Klngaton Cooper Motean Wella . Baymond ' THIRD GLASS, Wood'. Piavella Teal« . Total. IO 10 Mr. Brownlow winning the first prlu io the first alas*. OIOBB and Phillips, having tied for tbe second prize, sbot off, the lormer making a miiB, tba latter an oater, who «as therefore deolared tbe «loner. In the second olees Mr. Kingston won the first pris*, Uv Cooper the seoood prize, and Mr. Wood tbe third olass prize. PniNOB Ol' WALES THBATBB.-The performance on Thursday evening oommenoed with Ibo appropriately styled "biantlfal domestlo drama" of *. The Gbimn»y Oorner." On tho rise of the "oortain, our old friend Bogers - appeared Bitting at hU fire, as Solomon Probity, and immediately after «ards tits. Crosby, aa Patty Pf obit."-, with beooming alacrity leaped apon tbe sta ^e, and was in doe ooaree joined by the " Evening Star'-the star of tba evening at all events-and a' brilliant star tao-Silas Anna Maria Qilnn, In tba oharaoter of Grand Emery. It would be difficult to give anything like a fair description of Mi»s Quinn's attraction and accomplishments, and we sholl not attempt Mo portray ber excellence as a drematlo ootress. Mr. Fred. Youngs, aa .Peter P oSity, did full jietloe to to the oharaoter allotted bim s and Mr. C. Walab, as Charlea Obittey, performed bi« part with at least a respectable degrea of drsmatio talent. The curtain, et the otose of tho first act, dropped amidBt tba applause of en admlricg auditory. In tbs second aot of the " Cbimney Corner,", Misa Q linn eclipsed even her own former brilliancy. Applause did all that applause could do towards recompensing ber X'riions to amuse and delight the audience. When the ".Cbimney Cornel" waa finished tho Ghosts esme. Mr. Fred. Younga ao'ed bis part admirably throughout; Mr. Rogers, too, proved himself worthy tbe general favour in »biso ha bas ever been held. The pffact of tbe ghostly figures completely boggoted desorption.. Two members of tbe " Bing" appeared to fight with tbe greatest degree of pubí istia skill; and when alight was partially brought down npnn thom they were still \hible, though quite impalpable. It was not nniil the light Dad been Inoraased to biuli^noy that thoy vauisbed from tbe sight'of their wondering beholders, in Boob a moaner aa to demons rate them to have been shadows. It may be said thal at the Prinoa of Wales Theatre, on Tbursdoy night, tba deoep. lion praotlsBd upon the BIUSB ol seeing was so complete as to justify those who expeiienoed it in questioning the evldeuoB of their eyes in foture. CORONER'S INQUEST. -Yesterday morning, the City Coroner held an inquest on tba body of a married woman, aged sixty-five years, named Louisa Foster, at the Brisbane Inn, Druitt-street. Deceased resided with her husband, a vendor of fruit, in Kent-street. She had been ailing during the last ten years, and for the last five months suffered from tba effects of a severe cold. About half- past four o'clock on Wednesday after- noon, she went to bed and died in about half an-hour afterwards. Dr. Ball, who was summoned by the hus- band a few minutes before her death, found, on his arrival at the house, that she had just expired. He examined the body and believed that death was caused by disease of the heart and lungs, Verdict-Died sud- denly from natural causes. Keiara. Obarlea Moara and Oo. have reqoeetea aa to direct tba attention, of Drapera. Sllkroareara. Outflttor», and tho Trade, lo their oontlnnaUon Salea of Drapery, Bilka, Ribbon», Cloth lng, «co., Ato., This Day at Jl o'olook, al Utolr nooma, Pitt street, . . PAMJAMEMTABT PAPER -BfpOrt ffÛOB lb« Comuitta« of Eleetioosarid Qualifications ai totbeieala of Mr. B. Forster, Mr. W, Lo»», Mr. Holroyd, and Mr. Driver. Tbe Committee ol Bleotlons and Qualifications daly ar» pototsd on tbe 25'h Juna, 1603, noder tba provisions nf the "Electoral Aet of 1858," to whom was referred on tbe 18lh August. 1803,a question of Privilege as follower " That ' the return showing the names of all members i f Parliament «bo have in any «ty been employed by the Government or ita officers, tbe natara of the employ- ment, and 'b3 amount of rémunération paid for sDcb aarvioes daring the'present Parliament,' laid upon the table of the Houae and ordered to be printed on tba 5th August instant, be referred to the Committee of Elec- tor) B and QaaliQoa'ione, with Instructions to inquire into the oiioams'anoes relating to-tbs employment it the members of this Boase therein named, and to report specially whether or not they, or any of them bave, by the aooeptanoe of an office of émolument, oommitted a breaoh of the Constitution Aot, and thereby rendered their Bents liable to be deolared vacant," have considered tbe oases of the several member»- mentioned in th» said retara, and have agreed to the following resolattone, wbiob tr-ey beg to report to your honorable House, via. ; -1. Tbatin tba opinion of this committee, Mr. Bobert Henry Mariner Forster, during the present Parliament, aooepted an office of profit trom>tbe Crown, and thereby rendered his seat liable to be declared vaaant.- a. That, in the opinion ot this commlttce¡ Mr. Artbor Todd Hol. | royd dnriog the present Parliament did not accept «ny office bf profit from the Grown whereby hie aeit ia li bia tobe declared vaotnt. 8. That in tba opinion of this committee, Mr. Riobard Driver daring tbe present Par. llamei t did not accept any offloe of profit f om tb» Grown whereby bis seat is liable to be deolared vacant. 4, That in the opinion of (hie committee, Mi. William Love did not aeaept any office of emolument during the present Parliament; but that on the 1st day ol August, I860, be aoce(bad the office ol postmaster at Bedfern, being an office of profit under the Crown, and oontlnued to bold snob office at the time of bis elaotioo, and nntil the 18th day of November, 1861, and have therefore rendered himself liable to have his seat deolared void as being unqualified at the tims of such elección, fi. That In reporting tbe resolutions of tbis committee to tbe Bouse, it be »IBO reported th st the committee believe that no objeotion was, or bas been taken to Mr. Love'» election on the ground that he waa disqualified. Your oommittee find tbat Mr. W. B. Dalley was not a member of this House at tbe time ol bis employment by tbs Go. vcrnmen* ¡ and tbs* Mr. W, C. Windeyer bad oeased to be a member of tbe Assembly. Your oommittee are strongly impressed with a sense of tba danger to tbe io. dependence and parity of the Legislative Assembly, wbiob may'arise from the praotioe of aeleotiog members of Parliament even for temporary employment under tbs Government. Your committee is unanimously ol opi- nion tbat the praotioe «Haded to ought no longer to he continued In any department of the publio servioe,-W. B. PIKOINQTON, Chairman. Commutes Boom, No. 9, Legislativa Assembly, 8yd aey, 10th September, 1863. DATONS. ' ODTBAOB ON DETEOTTVB MGGLOHH . - On Sunday morning last, about one o'clock. Mr. D. McGlone, a detective officer, stationed at Forbes, but no» in Bathurst attending tbe assizes, »aa moat bm. tally asssulted whilst in the execotion of bis duty, and a prisoner, wbo bad bat jost been erreated, resoned. From the information we hare reoein d, it seems (hst the officer oame aorosB a man of snspioions SBpeot, eotaoealed la ? boase situated in Peel- stteet, and occupied by an individual named Stewart, finding tbat be Od rr. »ponded with the description of a noted Lachlan boracstealer, tbe detective at onoe arrested bim. Tbe morning being very dark, and dreading that resístanos and violence would be offered, McGlone told Stewart should anything of the kind occur, he would hold him (Stewart; res- ponsible. Nothing was attempted, until the detective, with bis prisoner, was about 600. yarda from the house, when the man Stewart Btalkod stealthily up, and hit MoGlone a violent ' blow OD tbe back of tbe bead with BODS heavy weapon' Though atnnued for a few secondB, MoGlone wonld not Bartender MB prisoner easily, and a regular pitched battle eos red; the prisoner holding the deteatlvu'a hand, and preventing him from aeing the revolver which be held, while Stowart inflioted some severe blows end kioka. At last McGlone was tripped up, and then tbs villains tried every mesas which violence and ferocity could invent te obtain the revolver, bot to no purpoBP. Stewart several times cried to bis oompanion, " Kiok his brains out" " Take his revolver and shoot the. wretob." Finding all their efforts unavailing, the supposed boraa.stealer oom» mensed biting MoGlone's left band, wbiob grasped the pistol, »od almost simultaneously Stewart de. livered a very heavy kiok on the detective's bead, which rendered him Insensible. After lay. ing on the ground about ten minutes, eoneoioasoees returned, and MoGlone lound that his dastardly assailants bad decamped, taking with them hie revolves. Information was given at about two o'olook to tba police, and MoGlone, though weah and tired, pursued the so ar ob for the offenders with indomitable pluck for nearly two boara. Notwithstanding that many o' the inhabitants of the houses ia tbe neighbourhood were stirring, and that the deteotive continually oried for ASBManoe at tbe top of blB voloe, yet no help was given. We may Btote that Mr. MoGlonu bad but the previous evening arrested a man named Wilson, on a oberge of horse.steallng, aid as lt is known that an intimacy existed between Stewart and Wilson, it is eupposed that the former intended to revenge the capture of the latter, The oour->geou« con duot of deteotive MoGlone, in resisting so long against such odds ddserves all praise, and wa trust we sball be oalled upon shortly to report the capture of the ruffians who assaulted bim.-Bathurst Time». Sepember 9 PorjoB BUNNBBS.-About fire year« ago the Sydney mall on Hs downward trip was stopped and robbed by armed men. Subsequently, a person named Kamp wis tried and convicted of the off» noe, and aentcnond to be worked on the roads or other pablio works ol- the ooloo) for ten yeare. It baying come to the knowledxe of the Government some time last yesr, that Kemp bad stated at Oookatoo that he was well acquainted with Frank Gardiner and those " who usually aoted with bim," and had a perfeot knowledge of tbe haunts of tba bush raogera in the South.w.storn diatrlotB, a tlalet-of. leave was granted to him on condition that be would aid the polioe in their endeavours to capture the members of the lawless gang. Kemp osma np to YSBB, and if wo are rightly informed, did a litólo thieving buiiaess on the way. Bis stay bera «as ebort, and it is very oertain he returned to his old habits of robbing buts in ont of tba way placea. Although advertised in the Government Oaictte and Crime Report as an absentee from bia district, be has up to (tie present time eluded the vigllanoo of the polioe. So muon, for Mr, dotoolive Kemp. Another Individual of similar stamp bas been very reoently apprehended by Bub-Inspector Boberts, Some time iga, ! tao peiBOUB in otaarge of drays laden «iib. produce from I Tumut, were stuck-up near Yen ig, by . a young man named Jamieson, whose fatber, then allvo, was a most j reBpeotable settler on tbe Level?. JitsiBBon WIB snbse qaently oonoeraed in another bignwiy robbery, and it the earnest reqtwst of his family and some of their best friends be surrendered to . the polioe, snob :tJp hiing considered advisable, . aa tba mit I guided youth was rapidly fa'îiig into ways tbat would in all probability lead bim to a disgraceful death. Jamieson waa committed to take bia trial on both oaaB* of robbery, but from soma ineiplloabla oause he was per- mitted to beoome a police runner, the luspeotor-Ganeral posiibly considering that bis services would ba m-re valuable to tba country in that line than In geological pm suits. We learn that Jamieson was only a short time in tbe servios of tho Queen before be made bis eeo ip?, and wo have now ton-cord two. freBh robberies agalosi bim, one at Messrs. Webb and Crego's store; Burrowa, and tbe other at Mr. M'Gregoi'e, on the L vole. His career, however, baa been again brief, for, as we have elsewhere mentioned, be was reapprebended a few days ago at the Wadden Mountain,-l'as» Courier, September Otb. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-A woman named 'Mary Ann M'Gabe waa pleoefl in lbs Bathurst lock-up on Monday last, charged, wllb drunkenness and obsoene language. Early yesterday morning tho lookDp.keeper, bearing I an unusual 'noise - in . 1tbe . cell, wont in i and discovered tbat tbe un (or «ona te woman waa nearly «lead. Sbu had loosened ber bair, wbiob waa tolerablr long, and twining it round hut noak had fastened the end of it lo one of the bara of the door, and by tbat means endeav nred to strangle berso f. Fortunately for tbe poor orealnra eba WBB diaouverrd in time to save ber from self-murder. Dr. M'Donough WBB at onoe sent for, and wa understand that tba worn m I ls no » doing well.-Bathunt Bret Prut Sept. 0 ' TESTIMONIA!, TJ Sus .ÎNSPSoroit SxEmEKa'N ANO PARTS.-Ou Monday evening last a meeting, wbiob wes attended by about 190 parsons, was held In tba hall of the Goulburn Moohanias' Institute, for the paroose ol considering tbs propriety of presenting a testimonial to suh.inspeotor Stephenson and party as a publio recogni- tion of their oonduot on the ooosslon of tho ospture ol tbe bushranger Lowry. In tha absence of the mayor, who bad convened tba meeting, in pursuance of a r qnisition very numerously signed, tbs Rev. Willina Sowerby waa moved into tbs obslr. About £40 was oolleeted in the room, and it is thought £300 will be raised. AmODgBt tba subscriptions are AT; 10s. given I by Mr. William Bradley, and £6 by Mr.N. O. Phillips, i Abridged f om the Goulburn Ohronie't. SROOMD DAV'S SALB' of New Drapery Slops, Hanebeatar G »otis, ito.-tf otara, TV, Dean and Co, requatt us ta remind ; Waiehonaamên, Draper«, and otbsra, that inalr vary Important Bala, aa above, will be oontlnned, This Day, oooonenelng at ll I o'olook. Dee advertisements 