THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROTAL. There was a very full house last night, on the occasion of a performance by a now amateur club, to bo known as tho " Orpheus," aud this their opouing eoBay was distinguished by being for tho benefit of tho widows and orphans of those who poriahed by tho wreck of tho ship, whoso namo thoy lmvo adopted as their prefix. Several of tho names of the members are not unfamiliar to tho public, as having taken part in previous performances of a oimilar kind. Somo, howover, aro now, and tho usual amusement was created by tho inevitable cmbirrassmor.t which, in common with all debutants, they manifested. The pro gramme included three pieces, tho burleequo of " Aladdin," tho farco of "Trying it on," and tho old burlesque of " BombnBtes," so dear to all amateurs, and so uninteresting to tho ordinary public. In their soleotibn of tho first-named pieoo, considerable intrepidity, if not temerity, had undoubtedly been displayed, for it might naturally have been supposed that n piece eo well known to tho theatre-goers of this city, and whoso success had been so marked on its first production at tha Princess's, would suggest comparisons not entirely favour able to those who dared them. Tho audience, however, oscmed to bo in tho best possiblo humour, nnd took in most excollont part the deficiencies which occurred. Moreover, tho amateurs lmd boon fortunate in securing tho co-operation of Miss Julia Matthews ond MiBS Earl, who, aa will bo romembered, wore oonccrnod in tho Princess'a production of tho picco. Mr Butler as tho Widow Twankay, gave a vory tolorablo imitation of MrFawcett'a version ot tho part, and Mr Banks, as tho magician, waa not devoid of humour j so too MnBler A. Lewie, who played the Slave of tho Lamp, exhibited a good deal of characteristic salience. The rest of tho gentlemon concerned in the cast, woro like good boys, rather seen than lisard. The singing was something like tho frozen tunes in Baron Munchausen's horn, very likely all there, but inaudible. Tho Drum and Fifo Band did not perform, in consequence of Mr Harcourt having vetoed their appearaneo, eo that Misa Julia Mottbows Bang a song instead, and boing encored Bang another, which wsb also encored, and after muohunroarin tho uppor " gods" was repeated. In the furoo of ' Trying it on," Mr Motcalfe displayed a good deal of aelf-possossion, not always shown by amateurs, and ho was not undeservedly called before the curtain. Tho fun of tho night came, howover, with 11 Bombastcs Furioso," It was stupendously amusing, but it was amusing in the way not intended by thoeo who took pdrt in it. Thoy were diverting in their helplessness, especially Fusbos, who looked as if ho had lost bis way, and was beseeching somebody to help liim to the ploco of which ho wbb in searob. Bombnstes was intensely funny in thnt ho mistook tho ironical plaudits of tho audience for genuine approbation. His strut was expressive of tho most complete self-apprecia tion, mil the fight between him and the king evoked serea-ia of lauglitor ; so that tho piece was anything but duil; and if tho nudienee did not go homo in goad humour, it was not for lack of boing amused. The fund nvailablo for the relief of the unfortunoto sufferers will, no donbt, bo considerably augmented by tho proceeds of this performance. ROYAL IIAYMARKET. Tho ghost continues to hold its away at this house, and on each representation it appears to improve in appearance. Last night tho " Castlo Spectre" was substituted for tho " Hauntod Man," as being a better vehicle for tho ghost to exercise its unearthly charms upon the audienco, and it certainly is q piece where the apparition shinea to greater advan- tage. The contrivauco by which tho ghost i; mndo to appear is surprisingly real — if such things can be real — and tho conception ia bettor realised when tho apparition ia eeento glide across the Btugc, and after encountering sundry attacks unharmed, to vanish into thin air. The ghost mania is far from being abated, and wo expect tiist before long a greater eou sation will yet bo inado with ite effects than Iiqb hitherto been tlie caso. Wo believe that it is in contemplation to produce " Maobeth," with tho ghost of Banquo. ROYAL PRINCESS'S. At this theatre wo have also a ghoBt, but it differs from its rival in point of gender. Tlie misfortune whicli attended its first representa tion has been fully repaired, aad the Ghost now assumes a place of importance in tho , drama of tho " Oaptsia of tho Vulture. " A more judicious selection might havo been made in tho piece, and the effect might even bo con- sidwably heightened, but no doubt now that tliTOhost apparatus works so well, that some moro suitably piece will be chosen to bo equally sensational and amusing, and at tho samo timo afford some more satisfactory explanation for tho ghostly appearanoe. 