PICKINGS PROM PUNCH. NEPTUNE'S ADDBESS OX THE HOXEyMOOX. Auspicious was the steam, Wiatever were the gales, Which, faster than - Md Neptune's team unto tne Prince of Wales The fair young Maid of Denmark bore In triumph to Great Britain's shore. The Monarch of the Sea : Soon saw his nags were beat ; So therefore round the Nore went he After the British fleet. To wait the happy roval pair \- At Osbome, and receive them there. Down in the deep he dived; : There heard the shouts of England's joy; But, when the blissful train arrived. Emerged like an old buoy. Above the waves his placid head He heaved, and blandly smiling, said— ' Yoho, there ! Dowse my glims ! Ahoy 1 Bless your sweet eyes ! Avast. I say ! My eyes and limbs 1 Could I command the skies, Fd cause tbem to rain grog and flip For all the tars in every ship. Hows'ever, here's your health. Sir; Marm, the same to you ! Long life, the best of luck, and wealth Or else— why, foul my screw, Shatter my plates, unbolt me, rust My armour, and my engine bust ! Well, now you're snug in port, From them landlubber's noise, Tou comes for me to give you sport Below, there 1 Girls and boys ! Triton and Nereids, pipe all hands, show ye Them there young folks the pastimes of the sea. CHE QHABOE OF THE TWO THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED. (Sec the account of the Levee, February 25.) Upthe great staircase, and Through the three anterooms, Past the beef-eaters' stand. Gold sticks and panting grooms, Wardens defying or Grootnsof the chambers, On. like the worst of mobs. Tore their way, nobs and snobs, Q. C's and members I Garments were cleft of them, 'Horsehair was reft of them. What pen con write of them, How, at the sight of them, Gents-at arms wondered. As to the Presence then Draggled and damaged men. Rushed, crushed, and thrust along All that was left of them. First the Two Thousand and Then the Seven Hundred! POINTS OP IXJKE, Well-informed and dear Mr. PuneJi—I am about no give a Lecture at tne i oung iuen s uoDeocantsa peshoo Club, which means Thecomeoutbefore eiRlit-o'clock-at-night-to-spend-a-pleasant-evening- soinehow-or-othar Club.' Please give me some in formation on the following subjects:— What part in the anatomy of the human frame is a trom-bone? [See Bonn's Standard Library.— Mr. P.I Bow much an hour am I entitled to charge for 'letting out' a secret? [A difficult question. If you keep a secret as you would a hackney carriage, for your own benefit, of course you'll let it out as often as possible. If 'tis kept for the benefit of others, how can that object be attained by thus letting it out! Consult a solicitor. -rMr. P.\ Do ' Mad Wags' go about at the season of wits untied? ['Wait till tbe time comes.-ilfr. P.] Can I procure at Mr. Sams's or any librarian's a box on the ear for the season? [Come to 85, Fleet-street. We'll give you one,— Mr. P.] Docs the South African Port disagree with Dr. Colenso? [Rather the contrary; we believe that some very good Bishop lias been made of it— Mr. P.] What is my best remedy for a kid tooth? [Quarrel with a dentist, then go and have it out with him. -Mr. P.] Which would you say is the most marked town ?in England? LMost marked? Why— ahem— Sair-borough, to be sure.— Mr. P.] One more question, my learned instructor, and I have done. Tis on a matter of grammar, tell me what is the masculine of Ban-slice? [Once for all we reply, Ban-Joe.— Mr. P.I 'If you will but answer, [Will answer! We have answered, and very well, too -for many years— and hope, under public favour, to answer better than ever for centuries to come.— Mr. P.] I shall be very much obliged. A ROYAL LETTER— THE KING OF DAHOMKT AND SIB JOSHUAJEBB. His Majesty to Sir Joshua. 'Medicine Man— Our Foreign Secretary in orms us that for some years past you have been labouring to discover a remedy for an affection of the moral system, now very prevalent in your benighted country, called Grabbing. The symp toiis of that malady I learn arc these. Two or three apparently robust men are suddenly seized while walking in the public streets with convul sions. Instinctively, to avoid falling, they clutch at the objects nearest to them, preferring for that purpose a throat and a time measurer. In the Hospital under vour care you have many of these ruiseraliles, and various modes of treatments I learn have been resorted to without arresting the disorder— a generous diet, warm clothing, and well ventilated apartments being the principal curative agencies employed. 'In our dominions we have a large number of these invalids; and we generally find some prompt and easy means of stoping the malady before it comes to a head. 'It we are rightly informed, a sea-voyage has been recommended for your patients, but you are puzzled in selecting an eligible sanitary retreat at a convenient distance from their friends. If you would like to try the air of Dahomey, which tends, as all our physicians admit, to accelerate the circu lation, we shall be glad to receive as many of your valetudinariaus as you ure inclined to forward, and we may safely say that you will be spared all further trouble and anxiety on their account, 'Dahomey R.' Sir Joshua toJHis Majesty. 'Sire— Your tender concern for my poor pa tients has moved me almost to tears. How true it is that we often find more sympathy in stran gers abroad than in our dearest fnends at home! Your Majesty is right in saying that I have been strongly advised to take my patients away from the locality where they at present languish, notwith standing the abundant supply of nutritious ine.t and vegetables which are daily provided for them. The fuc; is they require recreation rather than rest A spacious cricket-ground, a tennis-court, and a liowling-green would be highly appreciated by them, though some probably would prefer wild duck .and snipe shooting— luxuries I fear not even to be dreamt of in this parsimonious age. The difficulty of finding a salubrious place of retreat is all but insuperable. The Isle of Wight las been suggested by one or two kind people, Madeira by others; but vulgar prejudices must be respected, and the natives of both those islands seem absurdly apprehensive of contagion. I would therefore gratefully accept your Majesty's ofler, but fear, from what I have read, that your climate, suitable as it is for peisons of strong constitutions, might be too warm for individuals so morbidly sensitive as the Grabbers, whose infir mities we all unfeijrnedly deplore. I will, however, consult my friend Sir George, and if he tb nks the experiment could be safely tried, I shall have great pleasure iu transmitting you a few of the most serious cases that have lately come in. 'Allow me to subscribe myself, &c.; ' J. Jebb.' 'P.S. Since writing the above, I have seen Sir George, but he questions whether our indoor patients arc strong enough to bear the fatigue of so long a voyage, and informs me to my extreme regret th»t the nobleman who lately filled the post of Foreign Secretary under your Majesty's iovernment is now for ever disqualified from holding office, being a little bit off his head.' I/-TAti WHISPER TO A ROYAL RECLUSE. ' Nay, let my people see me.' Kind WaB she whom then our cheers were greeting: Now, would that lady bear in mind That words like those will bear repealing. March 10. 1863. DELIVERANCE PROM FRK.VCH FASHIONS. Mr. i»«7ir/t-Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra has come here to be the Princess of Wales just in time. She will, of course, set the fashions for British ladies, hitherto copied from the French, and thus turn the tide of absurdity in costume from the abyss into which, before her Reasonable arrival, it was tending to plunge them. In the meantime the women of Paris may go their own way; and whither they are going you will see in a description of the Vanity Fan- now daily held about 4 ofctock in the Bois de Boulogne, from the pen of the Parisian correspondent of the Post. 'By half-past 4 o'clock,' this gentleman tells us, ' every variety of equipage, three or four rows deep, is moving slowly along tbe favourite pro menade. There are,' he continues, 'ladies of most nations, but the toilettes of all are in the very best French taste and of the most costly description.' What the very best French taste in the matter of toilettes is he thus proceeds to exemplify:— 'A shawl costing two or three hundred guineas, and nearly the Bame value of lace, i* frequently hung about the fair sex, who occasionally descend from their carriage, and perform a very mild amount of walking on the pathway.' I stop here to reflect what a humbug Spiri tualism mu-,t be, since in answer to my invo:ation there comes not a rap on my desk from the ghost of William C»bbett to tell me what he would nave said about these expensive and useless women. However, expensive women ought to be sweet creatures. Cheap is proverbially tbe reverse of nice. Dear should be nice, then. But mark what follows:— 'And ought not pathways to be dean and dryt Tbe velvet ami satin sweep them daily, and must cany home, one supposes, accidental souvenirs Bornetimea not the most pleasant' Souvenirs. Forget-me-nots, that is to say. A rose by any other name would smelt as sweet; and I suppose a souvenir or forget-me-not from the Bois de Boulogne could not be rendered more unpleasant than it is by any more specific de nomination irhich might be (riven to it However, if after the ' promenade,' French lailies dress for the evening, of course they do not bring souvenirs into the salon. Ah! Mice things require nice words to express them. I quote on :— 'But such is fashion. We are living in an age when a lady's dress must sweep and brush the earth, and everything on the face of the earth.' Well, what is to be said if French ladies like that sort of thing? There is no accounting for proclivities. Only one may say that ladies who deiieht in sweeping up soitrenirs with their dresses might be expected to rejoice in the undemamed unwholesomene3s :— ' We have not, however, got to the end of the 'revivals' of toilettes, which look so pretty in Watteau's pictures. Powder is eradually dawning unon us, introduced by a sort of heraldic gold dust. We have long been accustomed to pearl-powder, and rose -le jouvenee, and ere long I fear we shall entirely loose sight of the native colour of the hair.' Faugh! Alexandra to the rescue! The Princess of Wales will put a stop- not perhaps to the uee of rose de joutence and pearl- powder by old hags— but to any attempt at the introduction of ' heraldic gold dust,' or the revival of hair-powder to dis figure the tresses of our English girls. Let these abominations be limited to those ladies who sweep up souvenir* ia the Bois de Boulogne, or from the flacrstones of Coventry-street. Yet after all, Frenchwomen are our sisters, and therefore, as Lord Dundreary would say, of course Frenchmen are our brothers. Humiliating reflection! Ah! Professor Huxley omits the strongest argument that he could adduce to prove mankind allied to the apes. Taubcs. ' ODE TO AI.BXANDBA, dK TBB MOENlWoi' HEE MARRIAGE, ' BY THE POET LAUREATE CLOSE. . All hail! all bait! auspicious moraine, hail! For on thia day the Royal Prince of Wale s Doth take unto himself a loving wife, And tis the proudest moment of his life. Nurtured amid dark Denmark's craggy shores. Where soa-mewsshriekaud Neptune hoarsely roars, A fair.Princess across the main hath come, ' To make the tea in Albert Edward's home! Ah, happy maiden! happy maiden, ah! Thou weep'd'st no doubt to leave thy Pa and Ma. But nevermind; though they're across the water, Britannia now accepts thee as her daughter. And sec what splendid nuptials gifts we bring To thee, fair bride of Wales, our future King! What ducks of diamonds, and what pets of- pearls, What rubies red are thine, thou i$em of girls! And thou art welcomed by the entire British nation. E'en from the great Lord Major and City Corpora tion Down to the umble poet who sits here, And fain would drink thy health in strong and luscious beer. But, lo! old Paiu have robbed me of my pension [For poetry is past his comprehension). And meanly swindled by that haughty Lord, rhe poet poor can scarce a drain afford. Smile on him. Princess! send him half-a-crown, Fhat he may drink thy health in stout so brown; And then his poems he to thee will send, And hopes you'll read them to the very end, As many a Peer and Peeress too have done. And likewise Dukes, and said they were great fun. For know, O Princess, Denmark's budding rose! England has but one poet, andbis name is Close ! ! ! . OBNITHOLOOr. In answer to our correspondent Birdcatcher's inquiries, we beg to inform him that a thrush dways builds its nest in a' horse's hoof, where it an without much difficulty be caught To his lecond question as to the existing relationship Ktween Trench and English birds, we reply that i Louis tTor is first cousin and not cousin German a a Jack Daw FEMALE ILLUJONATIONS. Gas has been turned to many purposes, but we little suspected it would ever become an illumi nated head-piece for ladies! dresses. However, as the reader may be as incredulous as ourselves, we will borrow the following article from an American paper, if only to show to what a height of absurdity a useful article can be carried :— 'Clusters of diminutive gaslights are now to spring from the elaborate tresses of ? beautiful matrons; the jets will issue from burners measu ring a twentieth of an inch per hour, within transparent shades exquisitely cut, not larger than a cherry. The tubing is to be of solid gold, connected with a reservoir of. the same valuable metal, which is to lie concealed in the meshes of luxuriant hair Ixjhind the head. The pressure will be applied to the golden tank, which is supported by an elaborate back comb, the top of which forms a row of little gaslights. Before entering the ball room the husband will 'turn on the gas,' light up his blushing bride, and usher her into her sphere of conquest, revolving like her prototype, the moon, among the lesser lights around.' According to the altove, ladies, when they have their hair dressed, will require the attendance of a gasman as well as a coilleur. Defries will have to go into partnership with Truefitt Some ill natured husbands may querulously say that their wives arc, in the way of fal-lal tomfoolery, quite light-headed enough already, without the additiou of the above lamp-post fashion, which may be said to cap all other follies. It would be awkward if the gas were to explode, for the lady's head might be blown off with the explosion, and it might defy the skill of the most experienced gas fitter to adjust it again. The allusion to the cherry we look upon as little better than so much cherry bounce. The row of gaslights that run along the top of the comb of the back hair might be useful to the husband on returning home; for if he happened to smoke, he would only have to say, 'Give me a light, my dear,' and ignite his cigar accordingly. Of all the different coloured hair this style of gas illumination will of course suit the jet-black best, since it will have the jets already provided for it; whereas its pale ineffectual fire would be quite put out with hair that is auburn. What with' crinoline, and this new style of lighting up the features, it will now become doubly necessary to insure the life of every wife, or daughter, who is in the least dear to us. Lovers also will lie afraid now to approach their 'flames,' lest ap proaching too near, they may be set literally in a blaze. The discovery came a little late, otherwise all the female heads of families might have made on the 10th inst a brilliant show of their loyalty by turning on a whole facade of gas, just as the Treasury did, besides displaying their sagacity by ingeniously exhibiting an infinity of curious little devices, such as ' Welcome pet,'' or 'Bless you. Darling.' Could it have been universally carried out, there never would have been no grand an illumination since the burning of Rome by Nero Poland's chain-shot. The ring-dove Bwells and spurns the foes That on her nest intrude: The mothcr-hen defies the kite That hovers o'er her brood; The tamest beast that nature knows, Savage at bay will stand, 'Gainst aught, how strong and fierce soe'er, That on its young lays hand. A mother's heart, that softest tiling, ? To sternest thing can glow, By common pulses that pervade Creation, high and low; And who shall dezm these pulses pure In brutes their limits rind, Nor thrill where'er a mother's heart Beats among human kind? The Czar forgot that mother's rage, When his command he gave— ' Tear Poland's sou from Poland's heart. For soldier and for slave. The chain for those that dare hold back, The stick for those that go March, conscript-dogs !' Spite of her chains, The mother shouted 'No!' She leaped at her oppressor's throat, Round his her arms she flung; Trod underfoot, about his feet With desperate grasp she hung. She clutched bare blades, nor recked the blood That through her lingers poured; Her manacles she gathered up To brain the Cossack horde. An eye that knows no fear of death Hath palsied armed hand. A nation's heart made desperate With wrong who can withstand t So with a heart made desperate, And death-defying eye, Unarmed, unaided, Poland rose, And Russia turned to fly. Like bees about a baffled bear, Thick swarm the Kossinaires; Their scythes' long sweep lay swathe on swathe, In Russian line aud square; ' Now ply the file on fetter-lock, And smite the rivet through. And loose my manacles to cram The cannon's mouth into ! ' What if the cannon's made of tree, With iron hooped and bound? Of cannon-balls I have but three ; 'IVill stand a triple round— One shot for Kosciusko, For Czartoryski one, And one for gallant Langcwiecz— And then let burst the gun I ' And up and out, bold Kossinaires, And on with sweep of scythe! The dew is red, the heads arc close, The reapers brave and blythe! And when your harvest work is done, And all tne fields are bare, Your mother. Poland, waits to bless The few that home shall fare.' There's not a heart, with veins that thrill For courage or ?gainst wrong, But beats with Poland's in accord, And prays her arm l-e strong. Ko nation lives— let statesmen pause, Weigh, write howe'er they will But yearns to strike a stroke for the. The uncomiuercd Poland still 1 And if diplomacy must how. When might doth right o'ersway, Locking its tattered parchment bonds, With conscious blush, away: 'Tis something to have dared the blow, Though not a friend was near. To have called out on God and man God, in his tune, will hear. A WORD ON DEMONSTRATION. Exeter Hall has been crowded to suffocation with an assemblage desirous to repudiate the idea that Englishmen had abated one jot or tittle of their old hatred of black slavery-. Mr. Pancli is not only desirous to speak with respect, but with honour, of the thousands who joined iu this de monstration. He, at least, may appeal to his own pages, and ask whether any denunciation of the accursed system has been heartier tlian his. He rejoices that the people are of one mind in thia matter. But he happens to be fearless enough to regret, openly, that some of his fellow- countrymen see but half a truth at a time. ' Down with black slavery !' is a noble cry; but why ia it necessary to stultifv it by the cry 'Up with white slavery!' This is what those cried who were induced by persons who should have known better to carry a resolution condemning the Confederate struggle for freedom. Surely the white in in. has as much right to liberty as the black man. The South only asks to be let alone, and thia is not an outrageous demand on the part of those who complain that hordes of Irish, Germans, and the ruffianism of New York are hired to cut the throats of native Americans merely for interpreting the Constitu tion differently from certain attorneys in the North. Black slavery is doomed, and dying; but Mr. Punch will be no party to the establishment of white slavery instead, and he stands too well with his countrymen to be afraid to tell them that a good many of them are, from a right motive; doin sa wrons thintr. Gambling in America. — No wonder Paymaster Cook, when he proceeded to gamble, lost the money destined for payment of the Federal soldiers. He played in a room of which the walls and ceiling were papered with paper of a star pattern; a small hole had been bored through the ceiling in the centre of a star here and there, and in the room above a person stretched on a mattress was able to look into Cook's hand, and by a telegraphic signal-machine communicating through the wall and floor to indicate, in gentle raps on the professional {rambler's boot or slipper, a description of the cards held by the man who was to be 'fleeced.' The tenants of the rooms being in debt, the Sheriff has had to transact business upon the premise*, and in the course of his researches made the discovery. — Times, Feb. 10. . Signal Corps. — There is in the Federal army a small but distinct body of officers known as the ' signal corps.' When an action is immi nent, one or more of them, generally informed as head-quarters of the movements contemplated, proceed to an eligible position, from which they can communicate to the commanding officer in stant advice of the enemy s movements, either direct or through persons posted at intermediate stations, if distance or mountain or forest make this course necessary. Information Ls also gent at to the points most susceptible of damage from artillery. Iu the day time the signals are made by flaps of different colours, and waved in various di rections; at night torches are use-l, asbestos being substituted for ordinary wicking, because it emits a clear and bri'liant flame, and is not easily extin guished by the wind. The telegraph also is em ployed; an officer starting for a signal-post carries a pocket apparatus, and is followed by an attendant unrolling a coil of wire as he travels along. There are about 150 officer*, who have been detailed and instructed as signal officer*, and are distributed with the several armies. Frequent changes In tbe ' Signals are nude-to prevent their being interproted - by the enemy, and perhaps to prevent something else, for it is avowed that serious embarrassment has occurred, 'sometimes half a dozen tunes in one night,' from the countersign having been desigusilly or '.accidentally' divulged to the other side.— Times, March 17. A Fortune Made in a Day. — A splendid prize lias just been picked up by the captain and crew of the Annie Vernon, a steamer trading between Newi ort, Monmouthshire, and other ports. While on her voyage off Holy head she fell in with a large East Indiaman, which liad been abandoned, tojk her iu tonr, aud brought her in safety to the Mumbles Mr. Juckaou, chief mate, bciug placed on board to take possession ' She was laden with teakwood and rice, and the cargo alone is valued at £70,000. The salvage will, consequently, yield to th-; captain such a sum as wiil enable him to retire, and the other officers aud men will each have a handsome share. The vessel is supposed to have been deserted by her crew during the fearful gales at ttie commence ment of the week.— Times. A Year's Increase — In the year 1SKJ there were 711.ISU children born in England andAvales, the largest number ever born In this kingdom in a year, and amounting to no less than USD a day. 43U.5U persons died-1,190 a day, a number which, in a then smaller population, was exceeded in 1S51, 1 5S. .and 1859. The result of the year may be represented thus:— Among every 1(1,0,0 persons 215 died, and 350 new faces made their appearance. The most prolific population ia found in the coal-producin.i; districts of the North, in Staffordshire, and in the thriving ports on the Tyne and Wear.— Tunes. Proposed American Exploring Kx . pkditjon.— At a recent meeting of the American Geographical Society, Dr. D. J. McUowan made a statement respecting his intended expedition to the mountain lands of China, Carabodea, and Formosa: He adverted to the results attained by the French expedition in 1312-tbc introduction of sorghum, the tallow-tree, the camphor- tree, and a great number of additions to our horticulture and .agriculture ; and be suggested that the bamboo-tree ot China might be grown In America and serve aa a fibre for paper manufacture, as an article of food, and for almost as many purposes as iron. The spawn of fishes might be largely imported, and improved breeds of swine and many other material advantages secured. American steamers might now be found COO miles up the Yang-tne-kiang, but we have got to learn the great river of Cambodea. With China surrounded by the three great nations of Europe, he was of opinion, as an American, that his country' should take part in the explorations which were sure to be set on foot Judge Daly eulogizod Dr. McUowan's disinterested devotion to the cause of knowledge, and the Society, by a re solution passed, tendered to him its thanks. — Times, March 17. The Southern President in Danger. —New Orleans, Jan. 23.— I regretted not having a moment in which to write you per Koanoke of tho most extraordinary and wonderful escape of Jeff. Davis and party the other day at Mobile. The brief particulars ore these :— It appears that the big rebel and his staff, with Commodore Buchanan and others equally distinguished, had started on a tour of inspection, in particular to visit Fort Morgan. Suddenly the machinery of their steam-tug gave way, and they were drifting out to sea, when they bethought themselves to take a small boat and go, as they pretended, for the English Consul. who at that moment happened to be in one of the steamers of our blockading fleet Unusual and extraordinary as this feint would seem, it succeeded, and the renowned Jeft Davis got safely back to his own dominions ere any of our people suspected his presence near us. —New York Exprets. A Petrified Man. — A petrified man is said, by the American papers, to have been recently found in California. The shape of the body, stretched on a rock iu a sleeping position, - is perfectly preserved. One of the legs is slightly bent, and the other, which is a wooden leg, has also acquired the hardness of stone. On at tempting to remove this inert mass, it was found to be firmly fixed to the stone on which it was discovered, a kind of cement formed by the humidity of the air and mineral concretions haling formed a homogeneous inseparable most of the man and the rock. Important Discovery in StntOERy.— An article has appeared in the JVeie York Express by which it appears that there is some hope that consumption may be cured by surgical means. The surgeon who makes this communication pro poses to cure consumption (in any case where- only one of the lungs is affected) in tho following manner:— An incision is made between the ribs, and an orilice made to admit the air into the chest, outside of the diseased lung, so that no air will Iw drawn into that lung through the windpipe at all. The lung will collapse and remain per fectly quiescent, and that may bo cured by the efforts of nature alone, or removed altogether. As I here is a partition between the lungs, while one of them ceases in action, the other goes on with iU ordinary functions. The operation is neither difficult nor. painful, aud may be performed upon a person in the last stage of consumption without any danger, as a person in that stage would bear the, operation better than one in robust health. This appears feasible from the very fact that nature does sometimes effect a cure by the very same pro cess, drying up one lung, and the only method by which the cure is ever effected. Another Project for Bripoino tub Enolihii Channel. — A curious project lias been set on foot by M. Faget, of Bor. deaux, for the speedy conveyance of letters between England and France. He proposal to erect in both countries, at a distance of about l.OiU metres from the coasts of Calais ana Dover, a strong edifice of masonry, containing a steam-engine of sufficient power, by means of which an immense wheel, 25 metres in diameter, is made to turn 40 tiincn a minute. By this rota tion a series of wires, forming a gigantic strap extending across the Channel, is coiled round tha wheel at one end- say Dover— and uncoiled at the other (Calais), and conversely. To this strap iudia rublicr Jetter-bags are to he attached, which are thus to be conveyed across the Channel at the rate of 3,000 metres per minute, so that within the space of 12 minutes the letters and despatches from 0119 country may be landed in the otliT. The luugth. alone of the strap is sufficient to cause it8RUb- mention, and the transmiiJioii might bo offectea fit any weather. One difficulty in this plan,' inde pendent of financial considerations, is tlio question of the free navigation of the Channel. That tho submersion of the strop in the middle of the Channel will be considerable enough to allow of ships sailing over it can readily be admitted; but the submersion will be very shallow for a con siderable space near tho coasts, so that vessels would have to fetch a law circuit in order to steer clear of the strap. This objection may not be absolutely fatal lo the plan; but we should bo greatly astonished to learn that any attempt be made to carry the project into execution.— Qalignani. The Discipline of Russian Troops in Poland.— Owing to the incessant fatigues and the lust of plunder, subordination is grievously Bhakou in the Russian army. Unly the other day two companies were drawn up on the marketplace of Zieradz to be marched to soma neighbouring estate, where a couple of gentlemen hud bec-n un f 111 tunate enough to attract tbe attention of the Government. The word of march being (riven, tha soldiers, instead of moving on, replied with shouts - of ' Whither, and how far?' After a useless repe tition of the command, the officer stopped to enter on negotiations with the men. explaining that the distance was only 20 miles, and might hg performed at their ease. But the men, retorting that they had not taken off their booti for a month, insisted on a nighi.'^ rest, when they would be ready to return to the bonds of discipline. Another party, which had just arrived at Zieradz was ordered off to Kalisz, at the moment of cook ing their meals. Tbe men had traversed sixty miles in two days, and at the command of nature itself refused to obey orders. It is by the prospect of robber}' alone tliat a remnant of discipline can be preserved in the force. The most infamous deeds must b e allowed them, if they are to be uttd for anything at all. On the 25th of February two ladies were overtaken on the high road near Kalisz. robbed of their garments and violated. ? The criminals consisted of a Cossack patrol under the command of a sergeant Complaint, as a matter of course, would lie uselou,— Lffter from - Brtslaw. Extraordinary Engine Chase — An extraordinary occurrence took place on the Cale donian Railway on Thursday, the 26th February. ? which had very nearly been the cause of a fearful accident It appears that early on tbe morning of . that day an entrine was detached from an . up luggage train at Beattock Station, and shunted on the down line for the purpose of taking in water. When this operation was completed, the driver, instead of going to the points and returning to his proper line, put on steam and started for the south alone. The fireman, who was on the platform, seeing that if the engine kept on it would inevi tably; meet the down limited mail face to face, lost no time in getting ready another engine, which fortunately had steam up, and started in chase on the proper or up line. After a race of thirteen miles he overtook the truant engine near Lockerby, and on (retting alongside leaped from one engine to the other. He Had just time to reverse tbe engine, wake up the driver, who was asleep, and then run to the adjacent signal-post, when the limited mail came thundering along from Carlisle at forty miles an hour. It was fortunately stopped by the signal in time, when within a few yards of the runaway engine. Had tbe fireman hesitated as to the proper -course to pursue, even for one minute, a very serious accident and loss of Ufa must have occurred.— Carlisle Journal. ImportantDisooveryin Photooraphv. ? —Mr. John Pnuncy, of Dorchester, who was award ed a silver medal and 400 francs for his 'carbon process' by the Photographic Society of France, lias just taken out a patent for an important im provement, by which he has brought ordinary printers' ink into the system of photography. This ink is mixed with certain chemicals, and spread completely over the paper intended to be submitted to tbe action of the rays of light through a 'negative,' and the secret consists ha rendering it so sensitive that an indelible photo graph may be fixed on the paper. leaving tbe other portions of it free, to be easily washed off. The time required for exposure js comparattfely short, arid the advantage is, besides that of per manence, the fact of the subject being fixed, de veloped, aud. as it were, completed without the. various manipulations requ:red under the old syxtem. The superfluous ink is removal by spirits in 10 minutes or a quarter of an hour, displaying a picture for delicacy of tone, beautiful gradation of light' and shade, and minuteness of detail fully equal to anything heretofore obtained in photo graphic printing. Firetxoop Houses. — There is not the slightest difficulty that I see in making a house fireproof at the present day, and at a cost abso lutely insignificant to the builder, or at least to the buyer. Every ceiling can be arched (to support almost any weight) by the Italian method, without expense; stone or terracotta, or brick faced with tile, will supply the stairs ; floors of dilicatcd wood, which is absolutely incombustible; door-frames of terra-cotta, and doors (kitchen. &c;) of sheet iron, and shutters of the same; lobbies and passages of tile ; and the ceiling of the whole upper storey of Italian arch, or of common brick, on curved iron rods. Builders say the increased expense would deter purchasere-that it could not be done. &c; The most instructive observations on iron girders in my journal of August ICth give the due to another and, I believe, truer answer. Builders, like ironmasters, are satisfied with the present immense profits. Change is bad. Fireproof lofty rooms cannot, like iron girders,. be made,; and won't pay ; everybody is too poor, including those who give iS.000 and £S,m for houses that did not appear to me to cost even the naif in building. - —Correspondent of the Builder. 