MINING MEMS. The extraordinary wet weather of the last week has militated in no small degree against mining operations of all kinds. An encouraging feature, however, is the ; continued success' that attends crashing ; as an instance, from Blanket Hill (half taken-np) the Nuggetty . Co. crushed for the party, Gardiner and Co., erecting a machine there, 6 tons yielding 3 ozs 14 dwts be sides 2 ozs 10 dwts picked out. The Persever ance Co. also still continue to employ a number of men in working their, rail way claim (cement)' with encouraging results. The Sir Colin Camp bell Co. hare crushed for Boberts and Col 19 tons yielding 23 ozs 15 dwts. From the Town Beef 5 tons gave 1 dwt to the ton. The London reef from 10 tons yielded 2 ozs o dwts..- A quantity of cement from the Hard Hills paid all expenses. : Another cement crashing of 3 tons gave 3 ozs 2 dwts. Hutton and Co. have realised the expectations formed of obtaining better stuff ; 16 tons yielded 4 oz to the ton. < The -Nuggetty Gully Co. are crushing for themselves but- will not wash off until to-morrow. They have crashed for Moore and Go. 18 tons giving 14 ozs 10 dwts ; for North and Co. 13 tons pro ducing 7 ozs 5 dwts, also the cement' mentioned abore. At the Cumberland Beef the pumping of water is continued and prospecting by four men is being made. The main drive in the lower level, 200 (cet below surface, and now 87 feet long, will be extended other 30 feet. The driving is con tinued a little south-east. Thirty tons from a reef that intersects this drive frill be crushed for trial. Tho mine has been placed under the management of Mr Scott. The care of properly testing the groand could not possibty he placed in better hands ; the practical experience of this gentlcmaii and his intimate acquaintance with all that fits him for his -onerous duties frill en sure success if attainable.. : ; Tho Ajax Co! still continue driving north in tlielarge bodies of quartz referred to in our last report; 140 a tons realised 143 ozs. The Lady Barkly machine has crushed forMoscrip.and Co. 20 tons, giving 15 dwts to the ton. -Messrs. Hastie and Waterston'smachine, Coomb's, Gully, has crushed for Tulloch and Co., 30 tons yield ing 17 ozs ; 20 tons yielding , 32 ozs ; .17, tons yielding 6 ozs. , , - j . : . ! / Uponj Campbell's Creek ' many large paddocks are being piofitably worked ; near the Standard Brewery, one made' by Somo Chinese in now ground is payinc well. Opposiie Mr Simpson's, a puddling machine pin ty nave commenced their third Summer working, unfortunately diiripg'tlie last seven weeks" the ground has been threo times Hooded, yet by an immense amount/ of labour and perseverance it is now again workable and the washings show that this summer 'they will still do well. A Govbbnmekt Land Sale will take place in Castlemaine on Friday next, the 6th inst. >' The Castlemaine ;MiNiNGBpAiii) meets this morning at 10 o'clock. _ Messrs. Bagshawe, Baird, and Uttery will bring up/a report on the complaint of certain miners at Chewton, as to portions of their claims having been- sold by .Government. Other .'/important business will also ba disposed of. , A Valuable Gold King was recently lost by a resident of Ca'stlomainb, between Fall Mall and the Baiiway Station, Sandhurst. ' /The ring has an enamelled crest/ two/ coronets, over letters NB; (old' 'English) Trafalgar, at base of crest. Inside are two Latin and English inscriptions. JVHiggihs, Esg./' railway contractor, Sandhurst, will be gliid to receive any information about thb lost ring, and will reward tho finder. ' Thb/LanCabhibe -Beli; Binoehs' will appear, at the ' Castlemaine Theatre to-morrow evening. Oaith? occasion of fhciYfirst visit their reception was-'-'iiiost enthusiastic. We hope that a now prograrame will serve to secure-them equal success daring the present week: 1 ' 1 ! S'ola'b and Lunab 'EbLiPSESi-Tbe' weather for some time pas) has been -so unusual in its character, as to have become'the subject of very goneral remark. Wo havo no means. of ascer taining the uvorage extent of tho rainfnll during the two past months (September and October), but have little hesilationuu saying that it would probably far exceed that- of -the corresponding two months for many years: Throughout the "whole of last 'week : the readings of the barome ter, were very low for tho time of year, being usually nearer 28 than any' other figure. 'Tho weathor. was pot. only. wet; but vory. windy, posi tive gales: of short duration occurring on more! than one occasion soon After sunset. It rained: very heavily throughout Saturday, flooding every oreek in- tho. district.- Tho Loddon, the Coliban,. and-tho Campaspe wore very much swollen.' ' Tn connection with these, atmospheric .phenomena,, it is" worthy of remark thai., two eclipses — oho/ solar,.; the other, lunar— will' /.toko placo , this; month. . An; annular eclipse, of '/the suii .will' takoj 'place, on tho 11th inst..,, Ik/will bo. visible, nt| Melbourno and .other/ places, in tho colony, be-/ ginpipg at.6, 40. p.m.; and ending after sunset.! A/.'partial eclipse .'of1' Uio'"iiidori:! will >' take pliice! on the 25th inst. / The., end: will be visible in the' metropolis : an'dt /else'wliero/;; : the', moon rising! eclipsed. /The last contact with shadow will take! place at 8. 16 p.pi. ; We might ask mete.-ologhtsi wheth'er'tho'op'p'roaohing eclipses haW anyt'iiiiglj to do with the rainy/weather and other charae-i ..teristics of the present' season ?':' ;' ' '"/ , ' jl .Vauohan.— Mr Hall cave ono of his deiioriif./l ful opter tainihents ait theVUhioh .Ho'tol/ ohTliurs- ! day! evening the ! nttendanco (viis r. father thin i owing to tho rain which poured' down , heavily all / the time.;. Had the weather been fine,' ho would! have had a crowdod house. Mr Hall, howovoiy //did not relax liis exertions to sustain his well 'merited popularity, and tho frequent bursts of ; applause sufliciently, testified the upfifepiption' by: ' . uA'audicnco of Bis.' yergatile, iihd. highly / cntcf-! taining delineation of chai-acter. Wo heaf'tbii't! Mr. Hall will perform on Saturday, Mppday,apd'i Tuesday, at Daylesford, where we trust- he will!' ipeel with success: . ;- /!/ / j i-THE' MiDDLBTON FAMiLY.-rBy an advertise ment-it Will be seen X that /this''- talented family were obliged, in consequence! otthe inclemency of the 'wbathef. to postpone' theif ; entertainment at the Mount Alexander Hotel until this even ing. The family are so/ frequently before the Chewton public, with many -of- whom tboy Are great favourites, that it is to be expected _ a_ bumper house' will' make amends for "the "disap pointment of Saturday evening. The family have augmented their company by the addition of a Mr Williams of whose comic abilities Teport speaks highly, f ; 'iF Utlifl The Agbicultubad Society. — In accordance with a circular from the 'Board, of Agriculture, the Committee of the Caitlemaine Agricultural Society will renew their attempt at effecting an amalgamation with the agriculturists of New- stead, for the purpose .of establishing' an ,, United Society. .They will meet this.eyening at seven o'clock in the Municipal Chambers, and it is to be hoped there will be a full attendance. The matter is a very important one, and _ wo think that by proper management the desired union may be accomplished. We understand that the following basis would- be agreeable -to the New- stead men: that ono half the committee shall be elected by the Newstead members and one/ half by those of Castlemaine ; that tho commit tee, so constituted,. shall elect the officers, of the Society from among themselves ; and that the dhows shall he held olteraatelv at the two places. Of course the Committee of neither. Society can positively proffer terms of union without the consent of the subscribers being first had and obtained, but wo have no doubt that the Castle-' maine subscribers would agree to tho above named basis. If tho Committee agree/ upon.it this evening, we suggest that they should trans mit it to the Newstead Committee as the /re commendations they are prepared to submit /to/ tbe members of the Castlemaine Society. Wo fervently hope, for the sake of the whole district, that the amalgamation will become a fact ; dis united, the Societies will be weak, but combined they will be enabled to exert such an' influence as would render their exhibitions second to none out of Melbourne. A. B. C. Habbison, Esq.— Tho sale of .this gentleman's household furniture, Ac., takes placo to-day at the premises, Barker's Creek. The advertisement will bo found in' anothervcolumn. Wc understand that Mr Harrison is about re moving with his family /t'q Otago, whero thero is a prospect of his professional services being en gaged by the Provincial Government. The pleasure that will be felt'at' siicb a recognition of Mr Harrison,: will be /mingled - with, regret, throughout a'very wide'extent of tliis colony, at the loss to it' of a gentleman who has gnined' universal respSet and esteem for the unswerving fidelity and great.ability.be has /exhibited in the discharge of his duties as District Boad Engi neer, and from the uniform courteousness of his demeanour in carrying out the business of his office. The district confided to . Mr Harrison's care was a very wide one. It extended from Maimsbury to the Murray, and from MTvor to Poi»!cUfnnV T7wim ctmli nn ntfonsirrt frnftf, nf country as here described; abounding in news papers, numerous complaints about the state of the roads have necessarily arisen, but what man could. do with the-means placed at his. .disposal Mr Harrison has done/ and wo sincerely.bolieve that it is owing.to the vigilance, -with which lie has ever watched over tho /requirements of his district, to the intelligent manner in which ho represented them to liis department,' and to tho skill and economy he has displayed in tho ex penditure of tho money practically entrusted to' him, that we owe the proportion of good roads tho " Castlemaine " district possesses. Mr Har rison will leave Castlemaine. with the. heartiest good wishes for his futuro prosperity, and fro may safely say'tbat the feeling 7 entertained to wards him' here is shared in by tho inhabitants of Sandhurst, MTvor, and other parts- of- ,tho district over -/whose roads he his for several years maintained such excellent supervision. Accident to the Ghost. — Up-counlry roads and ricketty bridges have provod too much for tie Poly technic Ghost. As our readers are. aware, a large, sheet of plato Rl.ass_ forms the chief/ipar t df. tho apparatus \vith which.the optical illusion is. .effected- After appearing in Castlemaine, /.Mr Morlini took, .his Ghost and the Wizard to EZynoton;' thoy'theh visited Day lesford' and Guildford;,; On ali theso .journeys the ghostly glass was ( packed, most carefully; still itreceived very severe shakings. ..At -length Mr Merlin and Professor Schiller attempted to reach Yandoit. ' Tho heavy ; rains had reduced, the i'oads.to a.condition which is better imugiued than described. Aertain creek had,, to bo passed. Tho vehicle containing tho pre'cibu's paraphernalia was dragged through the mire with great difficulty/ /While ou the rough bridge, and ia attempting, to get it over, the jolting was so severe, that .the large sheet of glass was reduced to what. Paddy would des- cribo as " smithereens," and the Professor's " Magic Table and;; other goods and. chattels, were reduced to small atoms. Mr Merlin's loss by- this accident will bo -rather /heavy. It is - a p-onder th'e vehicle :was not capsized bodily into the creek. , , Chinese PaEiiiDibE.— Like all'' other- nation s tho. Chinese, hare their;pecifiiar.,superstitions.- Yestcrday, while acbreesponde'ht' was walking with one lie. suddenly ran, round the omj of , a clothes lino," although having to. go 'a considerable dis tance to do so, his companion at'the same time receiving hearty remonstrance for indiscretion nt walking under it. This prejudice of tho Chinese only applies to lines upon which the clothing of women is dried. John is apparently not .,80. .smu«'''lVdid'lJ)fihj?oiij' "end "as -lie'is of its middle.; /:v cs-V; -:- - ' Daylesfobd! Escobt.— IViday, night's , Gazette notifies that a igold _ escort,: accompanied by a polico guard,' w/iil' leave /Daylesford /.for,. Castle maine/ on .Tuesday,/' the 3rd 7 November,'' 'and thercaftekfbrtnightly during .1863, starting at, /7 a.m.r) ,, .,//. , ,..'!' ,.'/ ,i .'i . ! . Sudden i . Death i, at ,,NEfrsrEAD/— Dr , Pre- sliaw, tho Corouer, held an- inquest yesterday <at Marsden's Newstead Hotel, on tko -body .lof Bicliafd Eustace, aged 49 years; who-' diedosiid- denly at the Mia. Mia on - Saturday: -< Deceased was u miner, 'unmarried,' lived alone, had _no knowh.Tblritives in tho colony, and.no' propdrty, except a small bnrk liut nnd- his working tools. John HeVmitoge deposed 7that ton' :Saturdby? Be saw 'tho deceased at work'sinking a hole; ffo-had only got a foot doivri and began tb'sing. but sud- denlygayo a sound like coo. and fell .dead./'! /:Ho gaqped thrice only after he fell. / /Deceased had the character of- being generally 'a sobor man'; he had; worked in-'the ' neighbourhood /for eight ' years.! . Dr. .Hugk' 'SmitBjperforinbd'/ tBo'1 ptst mortem examination ;: ho ; found ' no marks of violencb -on tho body: 1 -After" hearing . tho! ' medi- cal: evidence; the jury- roturiied " a vordict-'of " Dibd'frbm; apoplexy: ' ' Tho deceased appeared | to1 havo had somo presentimen( of 'death for! he remarked to a porsou on Saturday, " Well, this is th'o' last day o/f the month;' who' can' toll 'where 'wo may be this ''day1 --twelvemonth P" Very j shbrtly aftorwatds ho wns a 'cbrpsd:1'' v>i-i t. The' Tabadale Amatedb Dramatic' Club | have epgnged to visit the Theatre Boyal, Cas- | tlcmaino; on the 24th' ihst/h'-when' the following pieces y will 1 ' he p'eTfo'rmed ' ' The Edd v's tone | Eif," " Faint Heart, never won Fair L'ady//and I " Stiige Struck." Thb bcncfit'is'.tb aid the funds of the All England Match. Committee. Tickets can be obtained from' tho'Hon. Secretary, Mr J. ' J. Williams; froni'/Mr He'ddurdi b't' dhy/m'emb6r "of. tho Committee.. ... ' ./ . / / . . <" Immiorants/. HoME.y-At the /weekly mooting of tho executive committee of tho' Immigrants Aid Society, held oh Friday, thp Superintendent made thb following ' return Number ' of in mates in tho Home, as reported last week, 692 ; admitted sinco, 97 ; persons who have received outdoor relief, 11G ; total, rolieved, 805 ; dis- charged from tho'Home' during tho wOek, 103. Total at present: remaining, 586,' consisting of— children chargeable to tho Government/, 412 ; easesohargoableto tho sooiety, 174-i -- 1 