CONTINENTAL NEWS. [Prom the Herald's Purls Corresiwmoeo.t.1 _ _ Paris. Oolober ZrA. 10 speak of the wotfc of pulling down and re-buildine now going on in every part of Paris, of the Tut exteut of ?.. b'..belllK ou* Intoetreeu, avenues, boulevards, Mid 'iQUart' (as ibe Parisians persist in pronouncing the Suglita tquivelent of their own btttor word plane) Is to touoh on a tubjectslready threadbare ; jet it ie impossible to K'lixii to this city, after an absence of even a few months, WUboittbeingaliuck wilh the changta, now goiogeren more ih flrs 'PWIj thRtt over, aa vividly aa though seen for Thinks to all thia artificial impulsion, Peris is growiog enormously in size and splendour. Long lines of palaoe like houses now mett the eye in every direction ; at snort intervaU jon oouie upon charuiBg public gardens, full of tree*, lull, floweis, neatly-gravelled walks, and abundant benches, and the vaiilty of tie ParUians it gratified by the knowledge that their beloved city is fust becoming the most brilliant and imposing of modern capitals. 13 ul thure it a reverse to thlt imposing medal, to which the Parisians are tvtiy day bectmlng niure alive. Rents are higher than ever, and still inlog ; and it it no exaggeration to say that the mass of the Paris people now pay for thoir abodes more than double the amount wbioh they paid seven years ago. They gtt gajer wall papers, and much gildisg', but fiil to find in this additional ornamentation any sufficient compen sation for the Inconvenience of their increased rent and taxes, and for Ibe muoh higher prices they no* pay for every article of domestic consumption. Added to the discontent oieated by tbii enforced inoraue of expenditure, and which presses very heavily on the middle and lower classes, is the anxiety caused by the general tlagnalion of business, acd the apprehension of war. i he open and avowed interference of the Government in the late elections has given offence to all parties; and the title of ' Duke' conferred on M. do Ptrelgny, aa a reward fcr hit services on that occasion, has still further offended the malcontents. The fact that all the more prominent ad herents and mott subservient instruments of the Imperial regime, have contrived to atnast enormous fortunes, rankles f u the publio niind. The general belief *eema to be that tbe finanolal position of the empire is unsound, and that a oraeh must come at lut. And as for the city of Paiii, whioh baa hypothecated its revenues for eighty years to come, people ere beginning to atk one another, with dismay, where it will find the wherewith to pay off the hundred! of millions (of franco) which t-hould be roiin bunedin 1853 P The Emperor is so firtilo in expedients, tnat even those wbo are hostile to him place their only hope in bit being still at tbe helm and in possession of hit mental fowcta when the ttoic at tep'Jiuenu arrive. Should any catastrophe carry him bft, or should his health give way under the immense drain of the autocratic regime be has ohoeen to adopt, a tremendous cataclysm would Boom to be inevitable. The Imperial family are still at their favourite marine retreat at Biarritz. Tbe Emperor it locked for at St. Cloud in the courte of the coming week ; but the Kmprese, who this year setnisto be devoting her energies to water, is go ing to make a cruize along the Erunieh and French coasts before returning. She has bought a magnificent domain, with a fine chateau upon it, at a short dietanoe acroat the Spanish frontier, and is going to embark this afternoon in the Imperial steam yacht 1'Aigle, at Fort Socea, whence she will proceed, by sea, to Bilboa, in whofe neighbourhood Is situated her estate of Arteaga. Having spent a few davs there, to e&nlne; the improvements being carried out there by her orders, she Is to make a cruise along the ooast of her native land, and return along ibe French coast to ParU. People are much amused at her pleasure-loving Majesty's new passion for the element tf fiahes. She has poa-essed herself, during the preeent year, of a Venetian gondola and gondoliers, all of the gaveet snd most ornate description ; of a Turkith caique, with Turkish watermen ; and other small crtft, for the navigation of the pretty lakes at Fon talncbleau, Versailles, and the other Imperial chateaux. These tbe takes about with her, and indulges in little tailings and rowings over the rather limited watersur faces of the puke, the has invented a soit of im proved Blocmtr- costume fur these excursions, very convenient and very becoming, and often goes off with her ladies— all arrayed in similar style — and tikes a pull over the ponds in question, the Empress rowing with her own fair bands, and the presence and services of the gaily- dressed crew belonging to these gay crafts being dispensed with on euob ocouione. Public opinion still runs high on the Mexican and Polinh questions. The sympathy so generally felt for Poland, Bud Ibe horror inspired by the atrocious cruelties of the Russians, concur to make the people desirous of affording material aid to Poland, provided England would join in the undertaking. But the Emperor's Mexioan policy is still deplored by the majority of his subjects. They have no sympathy wilh the Mexicans, and have not the slightest desire to run the publio exchequer still farther into debt on their behalf. They have made up their minds that Englind has cunningly pushed the Emperor on in this Mexioan buineap, partly to make France odious to the Federals, and thus divert a portion of their virulence against ourselves, partly to secure, at the cost of France, a useful ally in case of a Federal invasion of Canada ; and partly to gratify her old malice against France, by leading the latter to make herself a foe of the Mexicans, and to add to the burdens of French finance; partly from pure English love of making mischief, and doing injury to neighbouring nations. Not one in a thousand hat the faintest idea of the ludicrouB Incorrectness of this bundle of hypotheses, or Imagines that England has really been ft passive and somewhat disapproving looker-ou upon the proceeding* of her ally on the other side of ' the herring pond.' The lovers of Burgundy wines will rejoice to hear that tbe vintage of ibe famous wine district through which we pate in returning from Turin to thia paradise of masons, is just now exulting in a vintage such as it has not seen for many a year. The quantity ef the grapes is satisfao tory ; bnt it la their splendid quality that is throwing the owners of the world-famed Surgundian vineyards Into each lively ecsucy. No sign of mildew, oidium, or other draw back sfllicte the clusters. The little black grapes, smaller than good sized black currants, are round, firm, bloomy, end bursting with their thick, rich juice. At every elation on the line, from one end of the ?wine district to the other, you hear joyous comments on tho magnificence of the crop, and predictions of the exceptional quality of the wine or the protect vintage. The French method of growing the vine is so much lees picturesque than that of Italy that the eye of tho returning tourist is disappointed by tbe contrast ; but, setting aside the beauty of appearance, the advantage of quantity would eeem to be on the bide of the French system. The scene reeenttdp just now by the wine district it new and animated. The whole country-side, man, woman, and child, high and low. old and young, being ap parently in the vineyards. The gathering goes on rapidly ; the rich loads of grapes are carried in baskets on the beade of tbe gatherers, and tumbled into the carts which stand in waiting on the edge or the vineyards, moving eft at a snail's pace to the crashing eheas as soon as filled. Everyone eats his fill as he gathers, but no one Ie allowed to carry grapes away. Labourer/a dock in to the vineyards from the neighbouring departments and from the north. Tbe owners, who live mostly in the towns, have oome to their vineyards to snpennUnd the important operations on whose success depends to so great an extent the amount of their Income for the coming year. They generally pocseeB a little country-house in the midst of their vineyards, and bring down their families and a party of tbeir friends to take part in tbe bustle, fuo, and jollity of the time. Every evening there are parties and dances at one or other of these little vineyard villas, where all the assembled ?? gentry' make merry, eat more grapes, drink the delicious half-fermented wine, snd foot it merrily to the notes of the village fiddle. If the weather be sufficiently genial, ae is usually the case at this season, the dancing goes on out of doors ; especially on the splendid moonlight nights, each as we had a week ago. The peasants are equally merry among themselves ; and seem to enjoy their snare of the excitement as much as their ' betters.' A good deBl of agitation hue been created in Spain by tho approach of the elections. The Democratic party hai just published a manifesto, urging abeiension frsm the exerclto of the franchise while the preeent Ministry remains In power, and demanding universal Enffrage, liberty of the Press, and administrative decentralisation. The Ministry expresses Its confidence in the result of the elections. The Queen, who Eeems to be making up for lost time in the cradle-department hag juat gone through the usual religious ceremonies by which the Queens of Spain are accustomed to express their gratitude to Heaven and the M&donm; for the prospect of 'an increase of family.' The young Queen of Portugal has jujt presented her husband with a sob, to the equal delight of that youtLful monarch and of the very loyal Portuguese nation. Good little Princess Clotilda, now arrived at tbe mature age of nineteen, has gone to Lisbon to give her sitter (only jutt turned sixteen !) the benefit of her matronly aetietacce at this interesting conjuncture. 1 he German Frinoee lately assembled nt Frankfort, under the auspices of the Emporor of Austria, are under stood to be drawing np long-winded refutations of the memorial addressed to the Eiug of Prussia by his Ministers. The Prussian Government meantime is drawing up a coun ter project of German reform with which It hopes to super sede the project brought forward by Francis Joseph; end the Prussian peeple are preparing to elect a Parliament very much more radical and democratic than the two assemblies whioh have been so insolently snubbed by Herr Von Btamark. A reoonoilla tion bat talus place between the Crown Prinoe and Prlntaws and the kind-hearted but pig-headed old king. How far their Influence may suffice to balance that or the Minister, who teems to have been bom to endanger the Prussian Crown, remains to be seen. It is now asserted that, Boon after his accession. King William I. was anxieus to abdi cate in favour of his son ; and that the latter refused to ao oept the proffered Crown. The best solution of the present difficulty in Prussian affaira would be a return of the King's mind to the plan of abdication ; and the acceptance of the Crown by Prinoe Frederick William. Denmark, menaoed with, a Federal Execution, haa con cluded an alliance, offensive and defensive, with Sweden. Should the Germans persist in the enforcement of their moat unreasonable and groundless demands, the three Scandinavian Kingdom! are determined to use their com bined lesonroea in repelling an unjustifiable invasion. Tbe Poles are fighting on, as gallantly as ever. Every day Mngi tidings of advantages gained by the Pole* over tie toopsol the Czar, and of the astounding atrocities by wbioh 4he' Utter avenge their defeats In the field, and at tempt to atrike terror into the ' rebels.' Itisto behoped bat Lend Huffi-ll's lstiM. Oolamion, thm England oon tldrrs ltunsfit'p treati- lllle to Poland «n t»in|f forfeited through brr failure to discharge her treaty obligation* to wards that uiibuppy country, may be rpi«dily followed by ibete.t'tEiiiunol the Poles aa belligerents on the part of England afcd Franco. Wbsltvprono'a horror of war in the abeluct, vhativir onc'f diBirutl of certain peculiarities of ibe ]'uli-h cbBrecter, It Is difficult to contemplate ttei ncdjirg protect cf Poland against the ataaealns of bir nmir.rjalit), the strncliies of I he liunim rule, and tbe wnnnroflllc' of HuFsUn repression, without feeling that it it rraicel) generous or politic for England to vltb hold her i ffectdal nid fr-im tbe galliot and duejily-injured ii«|ilefo wboiu ibo, in cmrmnn with tho other eigners of ibe treaties which rondoned the crime of the pirtition, owes ibr rrpsralicn ul that wrong. Inhmrrctlonar} movements are fprlncing up in almost ivirj part of tturi-in. The iron rule which akne holds to f nhir the htlcrugescoue province* and peoplx seems to be gradually lofing ltd hold upon its prny. Kin the O.»r Kerns ut-able to uni'orttand the tlgne of tbe lime*, and i« purbft'g on Ibo rJcvi Inpement of armaments of all kinds, aa tbcugb fortweinp; Ibe coming (?tniggle. Ibnlialltnt have bfen greatly gratified hy the grand reviews pacud t-y the King at Milan. 1 he National army cow numbers 300 000 men ; the navy is growing rap'.dily ; biirwEdBpe in on ibe dmeasu. Tbe juucg King -t Gitrce ir making b round of farewell visile, end is cxuxUd before long at the Court of the Tuiltries. Parif, October 10. 1 be Emperor bns returned to Paris, after taking a short jacbting excursion with the Empress. The latter, after paei-iijg a day or two at Arleaga with the Emperor, and In »| toting tbe improvements being made on that beautiful ettate uxder btr directions, set off in the Imperial yacht for a cruise to Seville, while ber inrciutable spouse, acooni pa&itd; by the ' Hope of Franoe,' oamo northward, the latter being inothlled at St. Cloud, while tbe former it hold ing Cabinet councils at the 1 uilnle*, and driving about Paris in an open carriage, extremely well received by the people of tbe working quarters. Btfore leaving tho bpanleh fronllir, thn Emperor, with Ibe Kn-i..ron- utid tbe little Priace, went to tbe pretty water ing-place -jf fct. SebnHien, which is also a furtiDed post, aid where the Imperial visitors were received withdue honour I y tho authorities of tbe town and the province, and a notnber of superior ofliotre. The Emperor baviDg last wicUr urjrw-nd a witb to Msr-bal Concha to judge for bimctll ul certain Dew military manoeuvres wbicb are being introduced Blncng tbe £panitB infantry, the troops of tbe garrison were called out, and made to go through with Ibe new exerchm, for tho Imperial tdiDoaiion. 1 he Emperor in said to have exprMstd his approbation cf Iboi-o in very high lerrcs, end telegraphed to Madrid for the Queen's por- njittion to bestow the cror-s of the Legion ef Honour on General Ulibany, under whose direction the military rpoc tacle bad takin place. Tho desired auihorira'ion being at once accorded, with leave to the General to wear it, the ubiquitous deo'jration was forthwith be ntowed. The Imperial pair then visited the Ca thedral snd tbe Hotel de Vllle, being received with great cordiality by the people of the lorn. The Emperor, as usual, left handsome gifts of money for the garrison and for the poor. After giving a grand dinner, on board the yacht, to tbo principal inhabitants of tbe region, the Emperor left the Emprem on b- ard, to continue her cruize, and returned with the little Prinoe to Bianite. He then viailed Bordeaux, and one or two other points of Importance on the west costt cf France, returning to Paris, as already remarked, on Thun-day. Queen Isabella, it in said, -- only beginning to forgive the elevation of one of ber eubjeo'B to a rank equal, if not i-uperlor to ber own ; and the two ladies have not hitherto (go gontiu bus always declared) been on tbe best of terms. But the perseverance with which the Empress has fought the cause of Ibe Pope hap, it appears, worked a revolution in the feeling of ber Catkolio UajcBty. When it was known tbat tho Empress, in her newlt -developed love of a nautical life, was to touch at Seville, orders wore font to that point, tnjoir.ing the payment of ell posribln honours to the Imperial incognita, wbo is Iravoiting under the name of tbe Countess ot Plerrefonds— a title derived from the old feudal estate of that name near Compiegne. wnoee ancient chateau (of wbich only (be foundations remained) is being rebuilt, exactly as it was in its prime, by the Ernperor, wbo purchased tbe ettate to pleaae the Empress. When ber fair Majesty reached the beautiful, Sara cenesque town of Seville, where the spent two dare, the relenting Majesty at Madrid sent to the former a telegraphic invitation to vteit Madrid. This invitation waa accepted, and the fair Eugenie ie shortly to proceed to tbe capital with which tbe reminiscences of her early days are so inti mately connected. Prince Napoleon meantime is in England, busily ' look ing up ' tbe Crystal Palace, model farms, prize brock, and agricultural implement*. Hib excellent little wife isttill with her eittir ; and as tbe Frinoe of Carignano, consin of Victor Ervanuel, and prince Amedeus, tbeir second brother, have jutt joined the rejoicing family circle now assembled at the pleasant palace of the Ajuda, the birth of the heir of the Crown ol Portugal is, no doubt, being duly fried by hie im mediate relatives. The jonng king has granted, in hvnour of bit eon, two amnesties, so very ample in their provisions as to go very near the effecting of a oomplete clearance of the political prisons. All the insurgents implicated in the foolish outbreak at Braga, where, a year ago, the people re fused to pay taxes, and attacked tbe tax-gatherers, are thus nmong others reetoted to liberty. These measures seem to Gave given much satisfaction to the Portuguese people. The great questions which are now agitating Europe havii scarcely . changed complexion eince my last. The Paris papers nave been busily discussing Lord Russell's assertion that Ruceit bad lost her treaty-rights over Poland ; and the harrowing details brought us by every post, of the barbarities of the Russian tormentors or that unhappy country, keep the mind of the French people in a constant state of irritation, partly against Russia, for her atroaious iniquities, partlyegaintlEnglandfor her unwillingnettto join France in interposing between the savage tormentor and the heroic victim, fighting for the most saorcd rights, and for very life, against a regime which is a disgrace to Europe, end cruelties wbich are a disgrace to humanity. As to what the Emperor really wishes to do for Poland, people here know about bb much as the 'Man In the moon.' Bis raturnine Majesty is a safe keeper of his own conn sels ; and the prolonged villeggialura of moat sf the mem bers of his winter entourage compels us still to await the msnlfeslatien of the oracle. But it is tolerably certain that the presence of Prince Czartoriski in this city has a political motive ; aUo tbat the reoegnition of the Poles as bellige rents is the point the Prince fa labouring to carry. Considering tbe promptitude with whidi England end Franoe admitted the belligerent quality of the people for whom at that time bo little sympathy was felt in Europe, and who bad then so comparatively little to com plain of, it may well eeem strange to the French mind that a alep of similar import should not be taken in regard to the Poles, waging a death-struggle against the deadly hatnd and crudhing tyranny of the masters who have eo flagrantly abused a power usnrped through fraud and vio lence, and maintained by the same means. The Mexican deputation, sent to offer to the Archduke Maximilian the vote of tbe notables of Mexioo, found accommodations prepared for them on their arrival in Trieste by the Archduke, who had hired the first floor of the principal hotel for their reception, and where they were duly received by two of hie chamberlains. The principa inhabitants of tbe city placed their carriages at the disposal of the envoys; and, altogether, the latter seem to have been treated with great cordiality by the Triestines, although, the embassy being sent, not te the Government, but to the Archduke, no official reception could be given to them. On Saturday last the deputation proceeded to the magnificent estate and chateau of Miramar, a few miles from the town, and overlooking the eea, which, being the private property and favourite residence of Maxi milian, nas been Improved and beautified by him and by Princess Charlotte, into one of the most splendid and charming of the royal abodes of Europe. The Archduke, who had sent his own carriages to con vey the envoys to the chateau, received them at the head of his aides-de-camp, officers, and household, all being in grand uniform. Tbe deputation brought with them the vote of the Mexi can notables, transcribed on a roll of parchmont, wbich roll was enclosed in the shaft ot a massive gold sceptre, sent over as an offering to their future Emperor. Thia eceptre, executed in a fortnight by Mexican artists, represents two eagles, joined at the neck, and Exporting the Imperial crown. They hold a serpent in their beak, and are surrounded by branches of myrtle and olive. M. de Estrada, spokesman of the deputation, in hie address to the archduke gave a sketch of the history and preeent position of Mexico, and thence deduoed the determination of the country to re-eatablish monarchical government, by way of putting an end to internal disseneions, and inaugu rating a regime of stability and progress. To this address the Archduke replied by expressing bis high sense of the honour done to himself and to the reigning House of Austria by the choice of tho Mexican people, and passed in review the conditions on which ha wonld scocpt the Mexican crown ; from whioh reply it appears that he has decided to allow himself to be plaoed at the head of the new empire, provided that a vote of the entire Mexican peoplo eball ratify the choice made by tho noblee, and pro vided also that the empire, if re-established, be surrounded by 'all the guarantees which are Indlnpeniiable to its security against the dangers which threaten Its integrity end its independence.' If this popular ratification and these guarantees be accorded, tbe Arohduke then de clared he should be willing, ' with the assent of the illustrious head of his family, and confiding in the protection of the Almighty, to accept the erown.' The Archduke then stated that, should he ' be called to the high clvUitlng mission attached to the crown,' he was firmly determined to open tbe path of order and civilisation to Mexico by the aid of a constitutional government, and ?' to seal by an oaih, eo soon as the work of paoifloation. shall be completed, the fundamental oompaot ooscluded with the nation.' The whole tone of the Arohduke'o replv was ench as to strengthen the hope, based on his character, and his known attachment to liberal and constitutional Ideas, that the rloh but distracted heritage of tbe old Caciques may once more, under his auspices, attain the position to whioh Its resouroeaand territorial importance entitle it to aspire. It Is curious to note that, in this important interview between the Spaniards of the sew world and the Austrian descendant of their ancient Kings, the Frenoh tongue was employed by both parties. After the speeohify Ing was over, the Aroh duke entertained his guarta at ? magnlfioent banquet, whiob items to have gone off in most amicable iityle. itisMidtnattheArohdnoal reply had been previously submitted to the approbation of the Kaiser and of the Frenoh Emperor ; and that the sentiment* expressed there in me j consequently be regarded at aft expoiltton of the vitwi, tint) tulni d In »i gaid to Mi xuo at Vienna ana hxre. 1 he nature ol the 'guarantee*' to b« demanded by the Lew tovmrign are dot precUcly known ; but probably refer to Ibe limpnrary RH-li-inno; in troops and money whiob will evident)} bo »ji i-did to enable Mrxioo ' tu bold ber own ' egslrrt the hustilii) of Ihe Federals, even if tha majority of bticLilrlrtni.hou)d rcul!- give in I heir willing adhe«i-.n to the new regime. Tbe Emperor Napoleon it said lo be willing to funiKh ibe neccrsary troops, who would bs paid l.j ibe Hixican OiAeinmebt, and to oaunt upon -Lglntd for helping Mexico with a loan, vhieh lattrr provision would *eera to imply tbat hit Inpiiinl Mnjitty hoe full toLfideuce in Ibe turning ovpr, by ibe mvv Mmicrin Government, ol anew loaf in thn chapter cf the old finfuicial liabilities of tbe country. Thn liaiMr is hardly in n position to help tbe neweinplrs with at,)thiigb-yntid hie iialkrnal oonfont and good wltbos to itbhtbd. Ihfi jrurjg King of Greece baa been formally takealrmva of l-j Ibe Kite of Ueimark, and having renounced all hie ripbif to ibe Ijanlsh Crown, ban brgun a round of Unwell \intp to l Le liumcn, UelgiaB, EDglitb, and French (Jourts, ^nvicjiiK to likMLg tbe Win of f urope for his new poet on i'.it iruuLkup rar-tirn borders. He it said to be ft etntible, gocii-lnumd, end upright, young man, and likely to make n \tr- fatitfactory Unp to bis nuw eubjecle. Aa ran as he ban tet tail for Greece, hi will adopt the Greek txttuiw; nnd some lo have quite made up bft li.ind lo Ihit/W in bis lot, btart anil soul, with ibe people be ir called to govern. Tbe poskipa, wlio have m licg bun declaring that our Princess Helena wai to be thn future Ouiin tf tbo Greiks. eie somewhat disconcerted hi ibtj couch r- rum our cow current, according to whioh tbe I i!i:co cf OreLpe. rctlorid to tbe lonfidence and good (.-; ir.tr of Queen Victoria, is to be consoled fur the refusal of ) ii.opu Alice ty the hafid of ber younger eloter. How cut, there would Mill rra.sin, for the domestic benefit of ile yourg Kirg, little Princess Beatrice, the prettiest of ile Hojal deugbtue, and wbo night certainly make a «LNPu.aich than that which would 'locate' her youthful Uii.lji.tPK urjdir tbe mnptilieent Hellento tfey. 'ibe hidt(.us tbronlcle cf Kuftiaa atrocities in Poland vrfuldcl ilulf niorc then bufllon to fill this le'.ter, Tbe sdivity of Ibe inturgmte continues unabated, and the lwlnrjceof i-nccipu is Mill in tbeir favour. ButUuseia sump lo count upon Ibe near approach of winter, when it will lie difficult, if cot i&poeuible.; for the bands oflnvnr pijiia to terxbin ui.der artxs, while the Russians will be fcble, vitb far life d.flicully lhan at present, to pursue them over ntirBttee which, under the action of frost, will be D or&tteti; co lotgtr. Paris, Ooiober 19th. Ihc death of M. BillauU, the ablest of the Imperial 'raters, end cce of tbe mott devoted end moBt uaeful of the Imperial Icttrunii ntf . in tbe one topic of conversation here tit tbit iiiunt vriiirg. speculation is rife as to the pro bable cuccetrcr of this ablo Minister; but not even all conpetint tumour has ventured as yet to put forward any cstue as Ibat ol tbe destined beir to the responsibilities and honours of tin deceased, fa. BillauU was a sell-made men ; end one of the rnoM amiable of his peculiarities was tbe Interest be look in helping forward young men of talent in the lower ranks tf society. He began practising aa a lav.)tr. at Nantes, in bis twentieth year, and rapidly rose to IichI dittinciion. In 1837 ho was elected to the Chamber cf Deputies by three constituencies; his energy, bolder*?, and readiness at debate soon made htm odljfpicuum aa a leading member of the Opposition. Wten M. Tbifts, in 1840, was called upon to form tbe utond cf i ho Cubit etn at which be presided, he named M. Billsult Under- Secretary of State for Commerce and Agri culture, in which department Ibe rare ability of tbe young ptliticitn wae pinmisently difplayed- On the overthrow o( M. 7'biers on ibe Eastern question, and the accession of M. Gnizot lo i fflce as Minister for Foreign Affairs, M. BillauU returnid tnhiepluce in the ranks of the Opposition. His wcndeiful gifts ae a parliamentary speaker had now been RTidtlj iniprovid, and in all discussions of importance he led tbe van, Iniog utually the one to ttate the question. KLd to lead Ibe attack. Hie position wae not as yet dearly e.fked, bis sjmpalhieB vacillating between the Left, di irclcd by Odillon Barrot, and tbe Left- centre, led by M. Tbicrr. Cn Iba question of the Spanish marriage he defi nitely broke with both, and stood thenceforth alone. Xbe Revolution of 1848 found him without party engagements of sny kind. Ile was returned to the Constituent Assembly, bui as he kept aloof from all parties be wae not elected to (he Legislative bsdy. Tha Prinoe President, however, bad observed hit sbilitiw, and frequently at plied to him when new Ministerial combinations «ere necessary. Immediately after ih« coup d'ltal tbe Emptror made him President of the Legislative Actembly ; and, mhstquently, made him Minister of tbe lttcrior, in which - ffice his rare union of firmness and con ciliation gave great satisfaction. In 18G0, his appointment as Minister without portfolio raited him W the highest position in the Government ; and the brilliant style in wbicb be discharged ibe duties of that arduous and on Ibankful eminence has been the means of redeeming it, as far SB it could be redeemed, in the eves of the Frenoh people. When the Emperor, wishing to take a step forward towards inaugurating the liberty of the parliamentary regime, deter mined lo enlarge the sphere of h-a representatives, by authorising Ibeni te appear before the Chamber not at mere debaters, but as the oompetentesponents of his views and policy, M. Billeult was naturally chosen for this new duty. The admirable manner in which it was performed by the deceasid ttelesuisnie admitted, even by thoss who did not (bare hit political creed. His eloquence was as rich in illus tration as in power of exposition ; and some of his speeches, as exponent oi the Imperial policy, may rank with the lert specimens of Parliamentary oratory. It seems, as far ae re garde tbe men be leaves behind him, simply impossible lor Ihe Emperor to find any one competent to fill his place. Count Orcano's death, occurring almost simultaneously wilh ibat of M. Billault, and the serious illness of M. Beroche and of M. Troplong, are said to have greatly pained and depressed the Emperor. The Count, who descends frcm the old line of sovereign counts of Corsica, and boasto -.ne of the oldest lines of ancestry in Europe, was the faith ful friend end adheient of the first Napoleon, On the death of Prince Jerome, tbe present Emperor made him Governor of tbe Invalides in the place of tbe deceased Prince. There wee. a distant cousinehip between the Count and hie sovereign through his mother Isabella Bonaparte. The remains of M. Billault have been lying in state at hij official residence, end those of the Count at the Invalides. The foimer were buried, with all the pomp of a State funeral, in Saturday; the latter are being carried to their 'last home' in similar style, while these lines are being written. The keen and polished cotifrere of tbe late Minister is te-day reported as better, Lut the accomplished President of the Court of Catsation is still dangerously ill. It is rumoured here, bnt with how much truth it Is diffi cult to tell, that tbe Emperor, finding that the Arohduke Maximilian hae not the least idea of being reduced to the rank of a puppet in the hands of France, but it, on the contrary, determined, if be ralee over Mexico at all, to do his utmost to make her a flourishing, contented, and inde pendent constitutional country, ie beginning te cast about for an excuse for turning him overboard. The other rumour, which represents him as greatly perplexed in regard to Poland, unwilling to leave the Poles to be hunted down in detail by their brutal oppressors, and equally unwilling to risk a war with Russia unsupported by the moral and material s id of Great Britain, is probably a good deal nearer the truth. The declaration of Lord Russell that England, unmoved by the hideous scenes now enaoting in Poland, only wante ' to rest and be thankful,' is oom mentedupon with ns little bitterness and contempt by the journals here, and is regarded ae an authoritative confirma tion of the ''eelflshnees,' 'narrowness,' and indifference to humanitory considerations not affecting English inter ests, which the entire French people have declared to be the essence of British policy eo long that they have come to tully believe it. The usual obscure quarrels appear to be going on in the cabinet end the backstairs of the palace at Madrid, The elections, however, are going on quietly ; a large number of voters abstaining frem the exercise of their franchise. It is asserted, both here and at Madrid, tbat the EmpresB is posi tively expected there, as the gueit of Queen Isabella, and that she will remain there five days. The TJltramontanee are rejoicing at the news, as they believe tint the Empress cannot fail to bring back from such a visit an increase of zeal on behalf of the temporal power of the Papacy. The last ten years have witnessed a very rapid and fortunate development of the resources of the country which once held so imperial a place in the rule of Europe. Tha Spanish revenues have risen from £11,000,000 in 1860, to £28,763,615 in 1862; the sale of publio lande, for the discharge of exceptional liabilities, which, duiicg the past financial year, has yielded £5,CO0,0CO. The tonnage, only £1,600,000 in 1850, has riEtn to over £3,000,000. Of railways, which, at the former date, counted less than a hundred miles for all Spain, 15t0 miles are now made, end working, bringing districts together that were separated but a few years einoa, by the want of communications, m effectually aB though by the diameter of the earth's orbit. Banks and oredit institutions uaveatleen in great numbers, facilitating both native in dustry and foreign commerce throughout the country, The present Government is said to oontemplate the coneoli. dationof ihe whole of the heterogeneous, debts of Spain; a meaEuro whioh, by redeeming her fair fame in the eyes of her foreign debtors, wonld do more to raise her in the retpect of Europe than could be accomplished by any other mea btire. The present consolidated debt of Spain ie vor.v small in proportion to ber population and resources, being but £134,000,000, or scarcely more than that of Holland, whose people number but one-fifth of the aubjeots of the Spanish Crown. Tbe immense fertility of her soil and tie great facilities for exportation afforded by her long lines of coast ought to suffice to place Bpatn in a high position among the European Powers. Mugovernment and bad faith have long prevented her from benefiting by Oiese natural re souioes ; but the marked improvement which has charac terised the last few years encourage* the hope that Spain is really awaking from her long torpor, and that the next few years nay see her throwing off the inoubus of the past, and taking an important plaoelnthe movement of Buro pean politics. Bhe must, however, in order to do thii, relax EeT bigotry in matter, of faith, and get rid of the gangrene of slavery in her colonies. She might also; while in tbe vein of reforms, give up the odiou and brotalijlngspeotsole of her bull-fights. Thoughthe subjects of Queen Viotoria must fain confess that there waiaoer tain amount of truth In the reply of the Empress Eugenie when some one who must here be nameless ventured to expostulate with her Majesty on »'* P»'i°n '' '«* speVlea of ehow, and to express tta hope that there wa. no truth in the rumeur that she was about to patronln the Introduction ef bull-fighte Into Franoe-' How can your Mejerty.Bsawomanand as a Christian, approve »sa cruel and demoralising a spectacle?' enquired the foreigner rtfm.ito, whose peiMon gave Win unusual facilities for venturing on a litile vlainnesa of speech. 'You mu«t renumber,' ictumed the Emprrfs, ' that habit has a good dtal to do wilh our judgment In nuoh matters. As I have b' en Bocuetomcd te witness bull-fights every week from my ihilohood, Ibov never strike me iu the same sort cf way as thai in which they Kirn to have struck you and other lonittcrs. I don't feel myself to bo demoralised |.y Ibiln, end 1 don't think that Spaniards aro aijy tho worse for them. Betidie, though you are to nuch shocked at bull-fights, you must remember ttet in jour country, figbts between men aro attended by fn:trirjto crowds. Now, if jou object lo the effects of bull fighiinp, ns a cruel snd brutaliMog «pectaole. 1 reply, tutl torcyniltd, man-fl(ihting appeals very much more oruel, and vtrj n.ueb n.'ort. brutalizing ' ?' I bold pugilistic exhibitions to be quite at bad as your Mtjei-ly consider* them,' repliid tbo remonBtrant, 'but jcur Mnjctty will certainly admit that tbe existence of an evil iu Knglatd is bo «icuhp fir the commission of another evil in l-'EHin. And while hoping that we may witretB the ot-Ei-ation of tbe dhgrsu-ful eotnea whioh your Majesty ao juHly blames the English people for tolerating, 1 venture Ui hope Ibat tour Majesty may admit that bull-fighting ae will Bsni/-n-f)gbliEg are spectacles which ought no longer to be petniitud.' PiUfHH er.d Austria aro still at variance on the question of Fedtial lefoim, nnd much wordy discussion it going on between tbtir respective Cabinets. The former, or rather ile sovereign, teems te be hopelessly entangled in this web cf fallacies, against which Ihe majority of ber people are prtpaiivg to protest by Ibe most radioaily democratic cbEn.ber Prustia tae ever seen. Radicalism and dckuociuc}, hoftivir, are sdnething very mild in Prussia; hud it ie probable that tbe wildest revolutionary storm that King end Minister could succeed in raiting would have no wc-.rte, undtcry than that of inducing the King to abdioate in favour ol bit more enlightened son. The King, being in ore cf lit angry Bioode Ibe other day, on passing through a (own vibciteiiHEicipBlity had refused te take any notiosof bin pttitige, t- UiBituteo. in violent terms on the opposition tactics of oLeof tbe members for the place in question— a cei tain Doctor Fomcbtidy, cf whoBe saruo 1 find I have for gotten to make a cote. ' 1 am greatly displeased with him ; be ie sn tuetuy lo his King and country, and you may tell jour ftllow-itivtfmen what 1 have said!' remarked the inditcicel moneich to one of the leading railway officials in attendance at the elation. Tbe expression of the Boyal mind war, »f couiee, immediately transmitted to tho townspeople by tbe official, himself an earnest Liberal Tbeiiupon tbe clccuial committee sent word to the learned doctor that ' he need not give himself the slightest trouble to ceo-vatt for hisri-ekction, aslherepoit of the King's words bad determined tbe whole town to vote for him, and for no one else, and Ibat be might, consequently, consider his re eiedhnau certain.' Fullio opinion in PniFsIa is decidedly opposed to the pro jecud act of Federal interference in Hulslein. and the trad ing libf ral journals are all egainBt the measure. A crop of 'warnings' vill probably be the result of their criticisms ; the censors, etimulated by M. Von Uismark, being ex tremely alert jutt now. Theology «nd politics are alike regeidid by this statesman and bis clique as foreign to the scope of the periodical Press, as hae juet been ebown in the cefceof Ihe l'omeranian Gazette. Tbe owner of a certain meadow in Pcmerania has, it appears, an immemorial right to take water from a certain stream, for the irrigation of hit land on the festival day of each of the Apostles. Until lately he has only exercised this right twelve times a year ; but it lately occurred to him that fct. Barnabas was just bb much an Apostle as were Ihe original twelve, and he, consequently, determined to claim his privilege for thirteen db-\e. Tbe owner of a neighbouring mill disputed hit right lo'dotbif, andaEUitwua instituted to decide the legality of the question. Tbe Tomeranian Gazette, which has kept its rcudtrs en couranl of this deliciouB little quarrel, has jutt received the following third warning, from the Vice Piendentof lUe Regency :— ' The jesting manner in which, under the titled Twelve or Thitttin Ajoellee, you have spoken of a suit now pend ing between tbe owner of a meadow at Ehemonulheim and a neigbtouring miller, leaves no doubt ae to your intention cf mrnicg into ridicule the doctrine of the Christian churoh, relating to tbe Holy Ghost, 1 therefore, &o.;' Rumour declares that, the Poles, despairing of obtaining aid from 1 nglafcd and France, le offering to help Turkey to le-conquer the trovinces which have been taken from her ty Russia, as tbo price of Turkish help in the struggle now pi cding. It ie added that RtiBsia. alive to the danger of such » combination, ie converting Kertchinto a first-claBB fortified elation, and is carrying on enormous works on the tee. of Azoff. The young monarch who is about to prooeei to dominions in such uncGUfortable proximity to what may so soon become the teat of a vast conflagration, ie winning ' golden opinions ' from all with whom he Is brought into oonUot. ____^^^_^__ SfELLA. 