LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH, WAVERLEY. THE foundation stone of the new church, to be erected for the members of the Church of England residing at Waverley, was laid yesterday afternoon by his Excel- lency, the Governor. The structure will be in the Early, English style; the nave will be seventy-two feet by thirty, and the chancel twenty feet square. The contract, which has been taken by Mr. W. Bailey, of Newtown, is for the masonry and the roofing, leaving the spire and the internal fittings to be subsequently contracted for. The architect for the church is Mr. E. T. Blacket. His Excellency, who was accompanied by Lady Young, Miss Dalton, and Lord John Taylour, arrived at about three o'clock at the Waverley schoolroom, where they were met by the Rev. Stanley Mitchell, the incumbent of St. Mary's, the Dean of Sydney, the Rev. G. H. Richardson, the Rev. W. Stack, the Rev. W. Spencer, the churchwardens, trustees, architect, and other gentlemen, by whom his Excellency was conducted to the site of the new church ; followed by the school children, wearing blue rosettes and carrying a gay banner, and a large number of visitors-forming an imposing procession. Upon arriving on the ground (where seats had been provided for the visitors) the proceedings were com- menced by the Rev. S. Mitchell, who read the 132nd Psalm, alternately with the audience. The Rev. W. Spencer then read the lesson from 1 Cor., chap iii. ; after which the Rev. G. H. Richardson read the Collect-" Prevent us, O Lord !" and two other Collects. The Bev. S. MITCHELL then delivered the follow ing hddress ;-My Christian friends, we are assembled together as fellow-Chris ians to commence a work ?which no one who debites to extend the kingdom of God and to promote His glory, as every Christian ought to do, can think of with indifference. Public and united wership, heBriirg the word preached, and participation in the holy sacraments, although they do not io themselves constitute religion, are yet means of grace without which religion cannot be supported; and we must ever remember this, thit neither prayers ncr pleaching, nor the sacramento, nor any outward expression of devotion, is worthy the name ef a reli- gious exercise if it be resorted to in a spirit of mere lormalism ; neither can the erection of a church to be consecrated to the service of Almighty God be accepted as a proof of our piety, unless it be under- taken in the tear of God, and in that undi&sembled; earnestness of purpose and seriousness of heart which is the ftuit and evidence of true faith. I trust it is in this spirit that we are assembled here to- day. "We have not been called together to be present at an amusing entertainment or a sumptuous repast, .but to witness the solemn ceremony of laying the foundation and corner stone of a new church, and to manifest our interest as fellow-Christians and fellow Churchmen, in the commencement of an undertaking which we believe will promote the glory of God and ihe good of men. Had the site of our church been in the country parts, and had our friends been obliged to travel a contiderable distance in order to be present at the laying of our foundation stone, the rules of hos- pitality would have demanded that a substantial re- past should be provided ; but under our circum- stances, cn an occasion like the present, the Bite of our chuich being within such an easy distance of the homes of our friends, we have considered a substantial repast not only unnecessary but even inappropriate. "We are assembled together as Christians for the pur- pose of offering up prayer and praise to our Triune God, seeking His blessing on this important under- taking, end, in fact, committing it to His care and favour in the spirit of that beautiful prayer which has just been offered, that the Lord would go before us in all our doings with His most gracious fivour, and further us with His continual be'p, that in au our works, begun, continued, and ended in Him, we may glorify His holy name. We are assembled together as churchmen for the purpose of showing that although we are each of us in our own districts zealously but quietly engaged in working out our own parochial plans, yet that we are not isolated cor gre gâtions, independent of one another, but branches of the same tree, members of the same body, paris of ihe same whole, deeply interested in any work for God which is goir g on m other neighbour- hoods. These considerations have brought us together to-day, and it is chiefly to these considerations under the Divine bleeBing, that we are indebted for being enabled to build a church in the parish at all. In- creased church accommodation was urgently needed, but the difficulty of raiBing the necessary funds was by tome deemed insurmountable, as there were very few members of the Church in the parish whose means would enable them to contribute large sums for the puipoEe. But we remembered that it is always a principle with good churchmen everywhere to consider themselves parts of a great .whole ; we fearlessly threw ourselves on theprinciple, and it did not lau us in the hour of our need. We determined to do what we could amongBt ourselves, tint these who were able should give, and that those who could not give should work ; and having thus shown our wealthier brethren in,other parishes thit we were doing what we could, they have, in numer- ous instances, most nobly and most generously come forward and given UB, in our necessity, of that which God has graciously given them ; and I have not the slightest Imitation in expressing my finn conviction that filtre is more he'p in store for ui, and that there tire gentlemen i round me now who are foremost in _ helping forward every good work, and «ho will a-sist , us also in carrying to a successful issue the impnrtmt. ' ui.deitihing whu.h w» this day co-nm nee. I am unwilling tolosi t>>h opportunity of making honour-( able mention of a ftiw ge»t!em n who, though r2=id mg in othir parishes, have contributed v^ry hand- somely towaidB the erution of our churcti. Mr Thomas Dyer Edwards, a well-known and much re6ptcted colon is*, now residing in London, b ¿sides giving an acre of lund and promising to supply the books and communion service haï presenten the munificent d< nation of £150. The Honorable T. W. Smar, and Mr. F. Mitchell contribute £100 each ; and Mr. W. F. Nori-, a gentleman who has not an acre of property m Waveiley, and do»a not even re bide in the parish, nobly carne forward of his o -vn accord amongst the ùrbt contributors, and unsolicited beetme rei-pr.n-ible for raising £100. lim» does not permit me to mention other matones of the kind y ieeling manifet-ted by non-residents in this parish, and 1 must refer those who are deiiroui of further in- formation to the ltbt of contributors both in and out of the parish, which wai pubh-hed in the Herald of yesterday morning. The reverend gentleman con- cluded by acknowledging the kindness of his Excel- lency in a'tending and consenting to take part in the ceremony, and by requesting hi TI to accept the_ mallet end trowel, and to lay the ' foundation atone of the church. Both the trowel and mallet were the gifts of Mr. Lassetter, of George-street. The blade of the trowel is of colonial iron, from the Fitzroy Mines ; the handle is of myall-wood ; the ferrule of Australian gold ; and the end of the handle is of colonial silver, extracted from Australian gold at the Sydney Mint. The mallet is of myall wood with a plate for inscription of Aus- tralian silver; both the trowel and mallet bearing the following inscription :-Presented, to the Right Honorable Sir John Young, Bart., on laying the foun- dation stone of St. Mary's Church, Waverley, 5th June, 1863." The box in which the mallet and trowel are enclosed was manufactured by Mr. W. Penman, of Pitt- street, of the following eight kinds of wood :-Colonial satin wood, yacca yacca, honey- suckle, lignum vitae, myall, cedar, bean tree, and tulip-wood. The DEAN OF SYDNEY then read the inscription on the scroll, which, together with a copy of each of the daily papers, was thereupon placed in the bottle that was deposited under the foundation-stone. The in- scription was as follows : " The foundation stone of this Church to be called St. Mary's, Waverley, in which the pure word of God is to be preached and the sacraments duly administered according to Christ's ordinance ard the usage of the United Church or England and Ireland was laid by His Excellency the ltight Honorable Sir John Young, Baronet, Knight, Commander of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George, Captain General and Governor-in Chief of the Colony of New South Wales, and Vice-Admiral of the fame; assisted by the Very Reverend William Macquarie Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sjdney, and other clergymen, on Friday, the tilth dor of June, A D. 18GJ, and in the twenty- sixth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. The Right Reverend Frederick Barker, D D, Bishop of the Diocese of Sydney. The Reverend Stanley Mitchell, Clergyman of the Parish of Waverley. Trustees of the Church : The Reverend Stanley Mitchell, Robert William Newman, Edwurd Raynes, George Hooper, and William Barker. Architect, Edmund Thomas Blacket, Builder, William Bailey." His EXCELLENCY thereupon laid the foundation stone (which was for the north- east buttress of the the chancel) and pronounced the following words-'. I lay this stone as the foundation end corner stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be called St. Mary's Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the pure word of God, and the due administration of the Sacraments, according to Christ's ordinance and the usage of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, und of the Holy Ghost.-Amen." The DEAN OF SYDNEY then repeated the verse : " The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us: prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us: O, prosper Thou our handy work, for the sake of our Lord Jesus Christ."-Amen. The hymn commencing, "This Stone to Thee in faith we lay, having been sung, the Dean of Sydney repeated the Apostle's Creed, and a short prayer ap- propriate to the occasion. His EXCELLENCY then -addressed the asseoib'.age as follows :-Ladies and gentlemen,-When I was asked to take part in this ceiemi-niil, apd to lay the founda ' tionjStoiie of the new church ,< I h ad no expectation that .I was to receive so handsome a gift as that with, which' .you bave kindly presented me. I thought thit pro bubly , on this occasion you were likely; to_ follow an example that his been set by oiher ins-itutions when foundation stones were to be_ laid-tuose that ,were,. wealthy and in good circumstances and able to present a silver trowel were glad to avail themsilvcs of the services of Lady Young, while those tbat were in poorer circumstances had recourse to my humble ateUtance. Now, as I am to be followed hy my iriend the Dean, who is more versed in making address» BJ on inteiesting occasions like the present, and who is more competent than lam to ptesent topics for the improve merit and the instruction of the large and respectable audience which I ees around me, I shall limit royBelf to coneratulating you upouthe first step in a good work which you have taken in hind. A proveib says, that " Work'well begun is work half done." I truet that this will be ttie case in_ the present instance, and that ynur work miy ha said to be more than haK done. Now the present timéis' one rather of crisis and anxiety for the churches in this colony. The bond which has hitherto united the vpriouB religious communities to the Government is at an end, or is speedily to be at an end. I am glad to see in the building of this church, and in other circumstances of the same nature in other, parts, that the spirit of church extension has not deserted the land. I trust that it will continue, and that you will find the means to provide a due and sufficient maintenance for the elerey thioughout the length and breadth of New South "Wales. The maintenancs of the clergy may be provided for without any reliance on the State, but^I I hold it to be an indispensable condition to the well wtrking of any clergy that they should be well pro- vided for, without having constant recourse to the contributions of tbeir parishioners. You may rely upon this, that if the clergy year after year are forced lo rely upon such contributions for their support, they will be tempted to preach smooth things to their hearers. I will not dwell on the recent experience with regard to this matter in the continent divided by the Pacific from UB-where the clergy in the North hold one opinion with regard to slavery, while the clergy in the South to a m in hold the very opposite opinion ; it being quite clear that both cannot be right, both being probably influenced by the overbearing majorities of their supporters. But it ia quite clear that if the clergy are to hold their ground, and are to be independent in speaking their opinion, they must be independent in circumstances. And the duty of providing an independence for the clergy devolves upon the present generation in this colony. I trust further that means will be provided for buildine churches and for continuing the minis- trations of religion throughout the various parishes. It has been remarked by more than one great writer that if Buch meanB are not found, if churches are not built and stated services held, the very name of reli- gion may peiish out of the land, and the very know- ledge of a God may be extinguished. Now more es- pecially in times like these, and in communities cir- cumstanced as New South Wales is, rapidly advancing in wealth and power, and where material interests have great sway, it is of the last importance to call in aid a vigorous action and an assertion of moral power. The more riches increase, the more necessary it is to call in sentiments that may direct them to a right use. It is no doubt a grand thing to see men goiog forth armed with abUity, and with all those means and ap pliances which scientific knowledge affords, to conquer the obstacles of nature for the advantage of man. But it is a sad thing to think that all these results may be achieved and may be turned to the purpose of giving a greater HcenBe and a more absolute dominios to low desires and to the transient interests of daily life. This can only be avoided by maintaining that inward life of the Bpiiit that may counterbalance the outward life of the Benses which press BO upon most men, and upon all occasions. But this is to be remarked-that morality cannot exist without a true tense of religion. Wherever religious feeling fails, moraliiy decavs along with it. It is true that morality may exist without any special furms of worship, and that it may be excited and raised to a high pitch, by philosophical discussions. But where religion fills, morality is weakened, and the human conscience loses its moral tcne, and the resistance to evil influences. I trust that that danger will be guarded against in thia coleny, for it is from that source that a weakness miy arise that may produce corruption and decay through- out the whole community. Already I know that roany thoughtful men of various religious persuasions have this subject warmly at heart ; and I trust that the exertions they ate putting fi,rth to establish churches, and to provide church ministrations thioughout the land may be attended wi.h success. The DEAN OF SYDNEY next addressed the audience. The ceremony in which they had been engaged was one of great significance with regard to that neigh- bourhood. It was an indication that the members of the Church of England in the parish of Waverley were no longer contented to assemble for the worship of Almighty,God in the schoolroom, which had been their plice'of trorehip for several years past, It showed that there was a growiog spirit of religion in the congregition when they found that it wa» no ; ¡longer satisfactory to their feelings to hold their :,mcetings for Divine worship in a building which was used ferr secular purposes during the wetk ; and that there was a desire on thtir pans that the children who were being trained there should not grow up with those ft-t-lings ot tecuUrity willi regard to the house of God which must neceesirily accompany their enttring that building every day -in the week for secular purposes, and alto upon the Sabbith-diy for hoher objfcts. Such an arrangement as that was, no doubt, necessary in the earlier stages of their history, ,when a few individuals were eathcred togeth-r for Divine wcrsbip, who hid not the means of proviung a sanctuary worthy of the object to which it was devoted. But ho believed tlut when the spirit of religion took hold upon a community they would not long be ablento rest satisfied without endeavouring to provide a temple for the Lord God in harmony with the high, state of civilisation to which they had attained, and with the more affluent circumstmcos and the moie populous neighbouihoods in which they were placed. Therefore,'he tock it as a very satis- factory tnd healthy Bign with regard to the people of Waverley that they hud r,ow arrived at that stste of mina,, Mid that they had proceeded so far in their gcod werk as they hud arrived at to- day. It was ex .ceedingly gratifying to find that in UvU quiet and unostentatious manner the members of the Church of England had gone to work, and tbattliey had now a sufficient amount of money for the completion of the present contract ¡ and he trusted ttt»t,ns the building proceeded, an addition to their means would be pro- vided to enable them to add the tower, so that the structure might be a picturesque 'bjtct to the surrounding neighbourhood. He could not but look upon the ceremony they were met to engage in as having a significance with regard to the colony itself. Every additional church that was raised was an additional means for the Church of England to carry out thit gteat mission with which he beiieved she was en ttustedin the Providence of God in this Aus'ralian ccntintnt. It was the honour of the Church of Eng- land-at lea»t so he regarded it-to have been the first 1 to plant the standard of the Cross on .these shores. True it was, that the Government of Great Britain was about to send off the first fleet to this colony without any provision for the maintenance of the worship of God ; but in the Providence of God it came to the knowledge of a man who would ever he held in honour BO long as the name of liberty was cherished-the late William Wilberforce, the friend of the slave-tht>t the ships were about to le*ve Eng- land without a minister on board, and without those ordinances of religion being provided which he considered essential to the welfare of tile new settle- ment, and he interfeied immediately, and through the aid of one of the Ministers he obtained within a few days a clergyman, a devoted man - the Key. .. M. Johnstone - who landed here with the first British occupants of the teiritory, and for many years laboured zealously amengst them, until hit health became shattered, and he was obliged to return to England. But from that' time to the present there had ever been a succession of micitteis of the Cnurch of England, growing in numbers and increasing in usefulnesj, and, he trusted, also equally devoted with those who had gone before thim. And may the t'me never be when the Church of England shall cease to grow in this country, and to impa't those blessings with which she is commis- sioned to the inhabitants of Australia ! The circum- stance to which he had alluded had struck his own mind as an indication in the Providence of God that we had spatially a work to do in Australia. God tent us htre in his Providence, and had given us a commissicn. It was not merely the ministers, but the laity who constituted the mass of.the members of the Chuich of England. They had a responsibility laid upen then-, and he trusted that they would fe.-l their lesponsibility more and more, and that such i ejffoits as these would be continued and . increased according to the exigencies of par- ticular . portions of the territory and to the congiDgjaiions that might need the means of grace. It was, indeed, gratifying to find that the members of the Church of England in this "diocese, seemed to be olive to their responsibility, J Our Church Society represents a certain portion of the work that was , done'by the Church ; but here we had an illustration of that large werk which was carried on without the Church Society, by the voluntary efforts of the mem- bers of our Church, which amounted, in the aggregate, to a very large sum indeed. He trusted that .the Church of England would be continually extending herself, and growing in usefulness and power for good. "He asked nut for her that power which cane from' man, but he trusted that she would have that power for good which a united, a devout, a&d; a good people would blwyp possess in any land in wbicn they were located. And if we were but.one in heart and soul, as the prinitive church from which we sprang was, we should be enabled 'o overtake greater works thin those we had already accomplished ; the church now ci aunt need, would be completed ; and the wants of the people in the .remoter districts would be ade- quately met by the united and the energetic efforts of the members of our Church. He would, in con tlusior, desire thoBe interested in this work not to stay their hand until they had finished it, but to go loi ward in faith and hope and m united zeil,, until they weie able to put the top stone on the building, and to have it consecrated as a temple to Jehovah, to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. The benediction was then pronounced ; after which two verses of the National Anthem was sung by the school children, and the proceedings terminated. 