LA U N CEST ON EXAMINE:R. T'aesdajy, December 1, 18153. BLACK, WHITE AND RED. At the meeting of the British Association at Newcastle-upon Tyne, Dr. James Hunt read a paper " On the Physical and Mental character of the Negro." It treated generally of the auatomical and physiological differences between tile negro and European races. The general deductions drawn were :--1st. That there is as good reason for classifying the negro as a distinct species from the European, as there is for making the ass a distinct species from the zebra. 2nd. That the negro is inferior intellectually to the European. 3rd. That the analo gies are far more numerous between the negro and apes, than between Ithe Euro pean and apes. A discussion followed, during the course of which Mr. Craft, a colored man, gave, good humouredly too, the most conclusive reply that we have ever heard. It is worth preservation Mr. Craft said that though he was not of pure African descent he was black enough to attempt to say a few words in reference to the paper which had just been read. While Dr. Hunt was reading it a fable occurred to him, which he would, with the permission of the audience, repeat. A lion and a man were walking together along the road, and disputing as to which of the two could claim to belong to the superior race. By and by they came to a public- house, the sign of which was a lion violently held down by a man. The man triumphantly pointed to this in confirmation of his superiority; but the lion sagely inquired who painted the picture. With regard to the origin of the negro, he for one believed that black and white men were all descended from a common parent (cheers). Many scientific gentlemen present would probably dispute that; but at any rate, supposing Adam to have been the founder of a race of men, white men had no stronger claim to him as their father than black men, as it was admitted that owing to the climate in which he commenced his existence, he could neither have been black nor white but copper-colored (laugh ter). As Africans were very dark, and the in habitants of Northern Europe very fair, and as, moreover, the nations of Southern Europe were much darker than those of northern Europe, it was perfectly fair to suppose that climate had a tendency to bleach as well as to blacken ("hear," and laughter). The thickness of the skull of the negro had been wisely arranged by Providence to defend the brain from the tropical climate in which he lived. If God had not given them thick skulls, their brains would probably have become very much like those of many scientific gentle- men of the present day (" hear," and laughter). 'The woolly hair was not considered by Africans as a mark of inferiority, though some of them shaved it off, but it also answered the purpose of defending the head from the sun. With regard to his not being a true African—his grandmother and grandfather were both of pure negro blood. His grandfather was a chief of the West Coast; but through the treachery of some white men, who doubtless thought themselves greatly his superiors, he was kidnapped and taken to America, where he (Mr. Craft) was born.He had recently been to Africa, on a visit to the King of Dahomey. He found there considerable diversities even among the Africans themselves. These of Sierra Leone had prominent almost Jewish fea tures. Their heels were quite as short, on the whole, as those of any other race, and upon the whole they were well formed. Persons who had any knowledge of Africans knew that when they enjoyed advantages, they were capable of making good use of them. He might refer to the in stance of the little girl brought to this country by Captain Forbes. 'This child was presented to the Queen, who had her carefully educated. When she grew up she mingled in good society, and in terested every one by her proficiency in music, and recently she had been married to a commer cial gentleman of colour at Lagos. Another case was mentioned by Mr. Chambers in one of his works, and another case was that of Mr. Crow ther, who was well known to many gentlemen in this country. One word with reference to the ancient Britons. When Julius Cæser came to this country, he said of the natives that they were such stupid people that they were not fit to make slaves of in Rome (slaughter). It had taken a long time to make Englishmen what they now were, and, therefore, it was not won derful if the negroes made slow progress in in tellectual development. It was, however, proved that they made very rapid progress when placed in advantageous circumstances. As to the negro not being erect, the same thing might be said of agricultural laborers in this country (hear, hear). He pointed to Halti as furnishing an instance of independence of character and intellectual power on the part of the negro, and contended that in America the degraded position which he was forced to occupy gave him no chance of proving what he was really capable of doing. He was sorry that scientific and learned men should waste their time in discussing a subject that could prove of no benefit to mankind. He spoke with great deference to their opinions, but, for his own part, firmly agreed with Cowper, that "Fleecy locks and black complexion Cannot alter nature's claim; Skins may differ, but affection Dwells in white and black the same:' On this subject an English journal remarks:--" Our readers may remember an unexpected contretemps at a recent meeting of the Geographical Society, Mr. Crawford, one of our most venture some ethnologists, was demonstrating, in his ex-cathedra style, that sheep would be valueless in mid-Australia—the fleece not being required for the sake of warmth, when he was interrupt by Mr. Lands borough, one of the Australian explorers, with the pertinent remark, ' You are theorising. Who of all the human race have the most wool on their heads—is it not the inhabitants of the tropics?' We need hardly say that shouts of laughter greeted this sally. To the learned ethnologist the bodily presence of Mr. William Craft, the colored philanthropist, lately returned from his mission to the King of Dahomey, must have proved as embarrassing as Mr. Landsborough's interruption referred to, or the apparition of Banqo's ghost at Macbeth's banquet. Here was a gentle man, who, though not pure African, claims that both his grandfather and grandmother were of pure negro blood, ready to prove by his presence, and still more effectually by his eloquent tongue the absurdity of the theory propounded. It needed but the added attendance of an ancient Briton or painted Pict to put the enquiry, ' Am I not a man and your an cestor?' to complete the confusion of the small band of ethnological savans who, in their zeal to establish certain pet theories, ignore the fundamental laws of scientific enquiry. Against the cold blooded deductions of closet philosophers we may set the conclusions of experi enced men. Six months ago President Lincoln appointed a Commission to en quire into the condition of the Southern negroes who have come under the pro tection of the Federal Union. Their pre liminary report might be studied with ad vantage by the ethnologists of the British Association. The Commissioners testify to the readiness of the refugees to work; to their religious feeling; to their desire for instruction. ' Practically, as regards the Christian graces of kind ness and humility,' the Commission assert, 'we have as much to learn from them as they from us.' What will our negro - skull explorers say to that ?" At a subsequent stage of the proceedings, Professor Wilson, of Toronto, said that "he had devoted a great deal of time to the question of the mixture of races on the North American continent. In the case of the negro the subject was sur rounded by so many social difficulties that so far as important ethnological re sults were concerned, it could scarcely be said to have had a fair trial. Not so, how ever, in the case of the red man. There was no legal impediment to marriage between a Red Indian and a white man; some of the latter even boasted of their Indian descent. The colonists who went from this country to the North American continent in the early years of settlement were generally young, unmarried men who united themselves, either with or without marriage, to Indian women. In process of time there arose a vast popula tion possessing Indian and English blood in their veins--such, for instance, as was found on the Red River settlement. These people possessed physical qualities of a high order—were persevering in the chase, and valiant in fight with their ene mies. When introduced into the society of Anglo-Saxons they frequently mani fested very superior intelligence and ability, indicating no degree of inferiority whatever its compared with what was usually called the superior race. One of these persons had been under his instruc tions at the University College, had taken his B.A. degree with honour in classics, and afterwards visited England as all agent of the Red River settlement. He believed that a mixture might take place between the white and red race with benefit to both. He thought that the same doctrine would apply with respect to the negro and white man, though in that case there had not been so fair a taial as in the case of the Indian." Mr. Craft clinched this opinion by observing '"there was a large population in the States claiming affnity with both races, He was within the mark in saying that nearly two-thirds of the negroes in the Northern States of America had more or less of European blood in them, and had it not been for that amalgamation, instead of there being 4,000,000 of slaves in those States, there probably would not have been more than 1,000,000." 