MR, AND MKS. CHARLES KEAN. Tur. following biography, condensed from the Europmn Times, will prove interesting to our readers, giving as it floes a vciy complete history, not only of their professional career, but of msny ctrcntnstanoes connected with the high position Mr. and Mrs. Keen held in English society : — Educated at Eton among the aristocracy of the land, many of whom still delight to speak of him as one of the chief ornaments ol tbe college, Charles Kean was encou raged to Indulge in various dreams of fature greatness. Bis mother hoped that bo would bo a luminary or the Church— bis father designed him for tbe navy he himself was aoxlotiR to earn Jaurcls by n career of military glorr. No one ever thought of him in connection with the stage. It is needle* e to dwell on the foibles of tbe Into Mr. EdnyuDd Kcan. Like uiany men endowed with lot'iy genius, ho lacked the hcupthold virtue, prudence ; and the niaUtial menus which had nourished the hopes of ths ;oung Etonian were puddculy withdrawn. Kdmund Kean bsd rcciived more mGney than any actor eince Garrick, in tbe (nine time, ond his eon Charles had every right to bo lieve that whatever path to future eminence be selected, he would tread it, t-- toB an bumble aspirant, but as the heir to a considerable fortune. It was decreed otherwise. In the midst of hie premising carfr at Eton he was suddenly ftimmomd to London, where be learned that he must rely on his own rceoutocB, Without going into unnecessary details, we may bere observe that the change in Charles Keun's prospects was fart]}' owing to hie own high sonee of duty. He was ofltrtd a cadttfhip in India, whioh might have been the beginning of a life of glory, but the acceptance of Ihe oiler would have necessitated a separation from his mother, who was ccmplbkly bedridden, and had no one but him to rely upon. Ambition and filial duty called him in opposite direciioLB; bo obeyed tbo holier voice, and chose the tlicairical profession— not from inclination, but because it best tnaV.lcd him to perform the cfh'ceeof a devoted son. The position of Chntltt Kcan and hiB mother in those detk dujs is so interesting, thutwe may quote the testi mony ol an eye-witness ot their early Btrnggles to the deep sympathy tbat existed b&lneen; them ?— ' Efniund Ecan waE UeEEcd with a simple-minded de voted wife, whom he, unhappily, never appreciated. She was for ever sorrowing over and forgiving his irreguk:) tios, end fur ever instilling into their young son principles of honour, justice, and truth, in the endeavour to proteoC liim hereafter frcm those vices whioh eventually ruined the lnther. The eoil was good, and the seed she showed grew fast and strong, and amply she was repaid for her Christian motherly care. 1 knew 'them when they were poor and nearly friendless, and when she had no comfort in life tut biin. Her health was broken by domestic misfortunea— she was almost a cripple, and in constant bodily suffering. Be was the lieht of her life, her food, her joy, her all; and htr helplecs slate was to him a sort of balanoe to his youtn. Bis devotion to her made him a thoughtful boy, and filled bis heart with honest ambition. She was a true Irish woman, in the most pleating sense of the term. Her heart was open as the day, and she was liberal to a fault. Ail her ideas were large, and these her son imbibed. If genius ie hereditary, we may suppose that Charles Kean took his genius from hfs father ; but the high tone of his mind, his strict sence of justice, his truth and nobility of soul, ail spring from his mother.' We may pass over the career of Mr. Charles Kean in London and the provinces kb ajuvenile actor. One affecting inoideLt may, however, be mentioned, namely, a meeting with bis father in Scotland, anil their appearauce together, at the Theatre lloyaL Glasgow, as JJrttlus and hia boo Tit ut, in Howard Payne's tragedy. The last time (and (he uvly time in LvzidoD) that they acted together was at Covent Gaiden, in the tragedy of 'Othello,' when The Moor was played by Edmund Kean, Jago by his son Charier, and Desdemona by Miss Ellen Ires, now Mrs. Cbailts Kean. At the end of the celebrated 'Farewell' spetch, in the third act, Edmund Kcan' 8 strength failed ; be was borne almost lifeless from Ihe ttage, and died a few weeks afterwards. Tbe first period of Wr. Charles Kean's professional trip is terminated by a visit to America, where he remained three years, sending home to hie mother liberal remittances which were rendered doubly welcome to her by the know ledge that it was the unmistakable evidence of tbe advance be was making in his profession that enabled him to do ea. On hie return tc the English capital, he was engaged at Ccvcnt Garden. A career that would have satisfied one who was less conscious of hiB high mission was now clear before him ; but he retired Into tbe provinces, resolved not to f et bis foot again on e London stage, till he could make bis own terms. An sruueice story (tbe authenticity of which may be relied en) is told in connection with this resolution. Shortly utter the termination of the Covmt Garden season youug Kean accidentally met Mr. Dunn, the treasurer of Drury lane Theatre, who told him that in all probability he could obtain an engagement at that house, with a salary of £16 per week, 'No,' was tbe reply ;'IwiUneveragaineetiuy loot on a London stage, until I command £50 per night.' ' Tbrn,' answered Mr. Dunn, shaking him vehemently by tbe band, 'Good by, my dear boy; for 1 shall never eee you act again in London,' In the great towns of the sister kingdom and in the piovincts his genius waB speedily acknowledged. At Edinburgh alone, where he played Hamlet for twelve nights, be gained £1200 in four weeks ; and at Dublin, Manchester, Liverpool, Birmingham, Brighton, Plymouth, Exeter, &c;, he successively became an object of universal admiration. 'VVaterford, it should be observed, was the place of bis birth, and the Irish were especially prominent in doing honour to their young cmntrjirnn. At the city of Wsterford a public dincer was given in him, and he was presented with a »!ver clsret jug, worth £100. At the end of 1837 the summ-t of bis ambition waa at length uttairi-_&. The manager of Srury-lane Thestre offered him an engagement of twenty nights, at £50 per night, find Me. lJunn, tho prophet rf evil, wbb the very man to psy it. On the Sth January, 1S38, he appeared is his great character oi lfcimkl. To this point the history hes been one of ttrugglee and aspirations ; bencefonh we bare only to chronicle an uninterrupted series of victories. 'J he Sib of Jannary, 183S, was a day destined long to bold a place in the theatrical calendar. The Hamkt of Mi. Charles Kean, plajcd before a crowded and expectant audicnoe, proved triumphantly Eucoeati'ul, and the greit tragedian might rest assured that henceforward tbe public would be in bis grasp. Tbe lima newspaper of that diy pronounced Ihe representation to be ' an elegant and Intel lectual performance.' ' Charles Kean's Samlet ' is a performance which now tvery English gentleman is supposed to have seen, as a matter cf course, and the reappearance ot'chnt great actor iu that prominent character is always regarded in London as a EOtt of theatrical festival. Bmnltt was followed by liichard; Itklard hy Sir Giles Overreach. The engagement for twenty nights was ox tended to forty-thiee, and in its course upwards of £13,000 was received by tho manager. A public dinner, which was given in the saloon of the theatre, under Ihe presidency of tbo Earl cf Carlisle, and at which an elegant vase, worth £200. was presented to Mr. Charles Kean, was the supple mentary honour to this great triumph. There is a curious faot related by Alfred Bunn in his History of the Stage, that the receipts during Mr. Charlee Kean's engagement at Drury -lane, in the winter of 1833, after making allowance for the ditlerances of prices, ware, witbis a fraotion, equal to those received in 1814, for tbe same number of nights, when his gifted father first appeared at the same theatre. It was on the 29th of January, 1842, that the mnrriace of Mr. Charles Kean and Mien Ellen Tree totk plaoe at Dublin, where Ihe accomplished pair had just completed an engagement. Of all the steps in tbe great trase diun's life this was the wisest and the most fortunate. Miss Ellen Tree was at the head of her profession both in tragedy and high comedy; she had fre quently been associated with him in his career to eminenoe, and was one of the performers in 'Othello' on that memorable night when the elder Kean may almost be (aid to have died on tbe stare. In the last year at tbe Hay market, prior to the Dublin engagement, she had played Juliet to CharleB Kean's Ronuo for more than twenty sue cestlve nightp. Something like a destiny seemed to pro mote the nnion of Charles Kean and EUon Tree, and if such were the case, this destiny certainly was most benefi cent. Of ihe invaluable aid that Mrs. Kean has afforded her butbind. as the leading actress in most of his plays, and as his chief assistant in the arduous management of tbe Princess' Theatre all London is aware. More than tbat, the domestic happiness of this gifted couple is known to tbe best circles throughout ths United Kingdom, and the soda) position of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kenn is aB universally recognised as their pre-eminence in lae highest class of drama. An engagement at ihe Haymarket in the summer of 1842, an engagement at Drury-lanein the following winter, a provincial tour, and a visit to America, brings us to tbe middle of 1847, when the second act of out drama may be tatd to close, leaving Charles Kean a husband .aad a father. . When In January, 1848, they reappeared at the Hay market, after on abeenoe from London of four years; they f-nr.rl n \\-M\t- mil', to m-imv.i ihmn w'!h ni'i-latuu'Lin. 111.- iiift pttce Iliny u|.|,|.,irr.l in wn« Mr. T,..vi-M'h play, I'm ''WKt'fi Prew,' wbfch diew crowded hnuMw fornolia than ihiitj -t-ix Liphiv. In Drwmbcr, 1S4I5, coanipnerd nn iinpnrlnm epodi iu lbs history ni tbe ttnef- Kvcr»i»ca tbo acawfnn of her LNfent llnjetty to ihe tbrnnp Ibn Kuglish thrntren bavo been greetly patronised by lioyiilty; but tbia -u notlho case duting the intrrvnl lent Ptparaten thn prwent reign from that ni Gtorgo III. BothGenrgo IV. nnA WiUUm IV. wiro advanced in\earswbentboy assumod tbo diadem, end were neither of them expected to be present at nay public emUFcment. Queen Victoria not only pn!d Mr. snd Mrs. Charles Kean the extraordinary compliment of being present at tbeir benefit on tbe 3rd of July, 1848, whan (he ' Wife's Secret ' was played for the thirty-seventh lime, but she appointed him her director of the private theatrical performances at Windsor Castle. Such a marked sanction of theatiioal art by Royalty had not been known for many years, and there ia no doubt that the Windsor performances wcro of Incalculable use In baniihing the prejudice wbioh bed long been entertained ?gainst tho tbeatiica) profession, in spite of tbe many illus trious names with whioh it was associated. At Ihe conclusion of the first season of tbe Windsor tbeatrioals, her Majesty honoured Mr. Charles Kuan with a personal interview, and afterwards presented him with a diamond ring. For ten years he held this high and hon ourable o nice— for ten years did he reap a harvest of golden opinions among the good oLfl great whom the Windsor fes tivities attracted to tbe Home of Royalty. 'I Lo mother of Mr. Charles Kenn is too interesting a ftr(iomi(.'C in bis biography for her death to be passed over without record. During the latter period of her life she bad resided at Keydell, a pleasant retreat in Bnmpthirr, which Mr. Keen had purchased shortly after bin luei liege, as a place of occasional retirement from tbe toils and ItoubltB ol his vocation. She died in March, 1819, Hildas be alwajs thought of her while living, eodidhe honour her when life was no more. A handsome tomb in Ihe churchyard of Catherington, noar Keydell, reoords her laft recline place. Tho importance of Ihe event we are now about to record, tnd which openB another act in our biographical drama, can fcarcely be appreciated by anyone who is not exattly nc quniued with the state of Ihe London stage in 18S0. The two large theatres patented for the encouragement of drama tic literature end art bad for many years been constantly (.eiverttd from Ihe high uses for which they had beeu erccttd, and tbeir exclusive privileges had been virtually cancelled. Covent Garden, the home of (te Kembles, was, ae it is now, an Italian Opera House ; Drury Lano, the home of Garrick and Edmund Kean, was sometimes an opera, sometimes a playbeute, sometimes on equestrian circus— as ohsneo directed. The tmaU theatre in the Haymarket, though occasionally used for the performance of tragedy, is essen tially a bouse fur proso comedy. Thus, in 1850, there woo literally no edifice divoted to the performance of tho poetical diaina, save in a remote suburb ignored by the fashionable clatecB. In becoming a manager, Mr. Charles Kcan bad really to do tbo work of a colonist. He was in Ihe land of Shakspere, in tbe country which boasts of its dramatic literature, but in the capital of which the drama was not. Had be consulted no interest but his own, Mr. ChaiUs Kean might have let things remain just ai they were, calitficd that all the managers of the United King dom would gladly thiow open their doors at the approach of the great tragedian, and that, granting the duration ol health ar.d strength, he might go on fulfilling etar engage ments to his life's end, and thus realise a princely fortune niffcout rtfpsneibiliry cr care. The notion that the stage is a mere source of frivolous amnsemen't never crossed the mind of Charles Kean, in duftiiouily ae it is promulgated, not only by the enemies of the theatre, but by the great body of modern dramatists. To use tbe Duke of Newcastle's words, spoken at the great ' Kean banquet' of 1869, be is ' one whose zeal in his profession, amounting almost to enthusiasm, has led him to prove that the theatre may be made not merely the vehicle for frivolous amusement, or, what is worse, for dissipation, but tbat it may be erected into a gigantic instrument of education for the instruction of the young and for the edifi cation as well as amusement of those of maturer age.' During one of his visits to America, and in the course of an engagement at the Hoj market, he had already shown d great desire to become a reformer of costume and other details of stage representation ; but it was not until he hail a theatre of his own that he could prove himself to be, in tbe words of the Duke's speech, ' one of lho greatest aicbfcologists of tbe day, making the stage not only a vehicle for dramatic poetry, but a school of history.' The period of Mr. Kean's management of the Princess's Theatre commenced towards tbe end of 1850. The first plays produced were 'Hamlet' and 'Twelfth Might;' but not until early in 1852 began that series of 'revivals,' the fame of which has been spread over the whole civilised world. From this time every season was marked by the revival of some great play, which riveted the attention of every class in London, and attracted visitors from the remotest provinces of England, and even from the Con tinent A writer in tbo Art Journal, the prinoipal periodical of its class, tbus Epeaks in releience to one of the gr. at 'revivals.' and to Mr. Kean's honest declaration that ' accuracy, not show, had been his object.' This is true to an extent tbat not one man of trie thousands who ciowded hie theatre can entirely appreciate. Many of the bundrtds would have beeu as well satisfied to nave seen real armour of one fashion aB of another. It ia Mr. Kean's merit to despise no rnicuti.-o whioh can give vitality to his scene ; and the antiquary who would go simply to judge his work by hiB own branch of study would feel that each por tion of tbo appointments of the drama had been correctly cared for. Mr. Charles Kean, however, had for too artistio a mind to confound the importance of the principal figureB and the accessories in a work ef art. It was as an actor that he had acquired the means which enabled bim to become au arctiuological instructor, and toe genius proper to hia original vocation was always in the foreground. Nay, it ia worthy of remark that ' LouU XL,' tho piece which was brought out with less decoration than any placed on tha above lift, was at once hailed as a theatrical miracle, on account of bis acting alone, and still remains one of tbe most attractive works associated with bis name. Had he been less ardent in tbe diffusion of knowledge, had he been con tent to rely osly on the histrionio talent of himself and his wife, using only such accessories as were consistent with tbe most rigid spirit of economy, there is no doubt that bis management of the Princess's Theatre would have been a much more profitable speculation tbun was actually the case, for no rectipts, however large, could more than slightly exceed his princely expenditure, Since their retirement from the management of the Prin cetb' Theatre, Mr. and Mrs. O. Kton have stood alone In tbeir bifctrionic grandeur, without the aid of a highly ficitbed background ; and the great plays, quietly acted, drsw multitudes whenever they go. 'Hamlet,' 'Othello,' 'Macbeth,' ' The Merchant of Venice.' ' Louis XL,' ' Much Ada about Nothing,' ' Ihe Wife's Secret,' and ' The Gamester,' played ut any house in the United Kingdom, are mrc to ultract crowds wlien ' the Keaus ' play thn principal characters. We have spoken of IU r. Kean as a master of his art— the actor who, in ibe luidstot his popularity and in tbe meri dian of bis powers, has been thought worthy of those honours that ate ucually reserved to decorate thn close of a brilliant career Eton availed herself of his retirement from the arduous post of manager to manifest her appreciation of his genius, and her admiration of his spotleES life, by the most sumptuous banquet that V8B enr given in honour of an actor. Who tbat witnessed it can ever forget tbat scene, where upwards of COO gentle men, including Cabinet minieters, privy councillors, and the representatives of our two great seats of learning, the Uni versities of Oxford and Cambridge, presided over by the Uule ol Newcastle, assembled in St. James's Hall, to do honour to Charles Kean r Eton, aided by the public, pre sented to Mr. Kean tbat magnificent piece, or rather sun dry pieces of plate, fathioned in the highest style of art, valued at 2000 guineas, which were amongst ths inoBt con (picuous objects of the late International Exhibition. These were meruoriala of which the highest in the realm, who bad won eminence in the councils or laurels in the field, might well be proud. To Mr, Kean they must be moat honourable and dear, when he isaBsured that they are some acknowledgment ef his great deserts and of the high esteem in which he is held by his countrymen. All great men, however hightheir vocation, mustconBult, in some degteo, the spirit of the. age into which thoy are born. While the Frincets's Theatre was essentially devoted to tbe representation of the works of the national poet— in one long season (1650-7) of 290 nights, not less than 242 were consecrated to Shakespeare— Mr. Charles Kean per ceived that tbe public occasionally required recreation of a lighter kind, otd ho produced a few works of the melo diKmatfc order, such aB 'The Corniean Brothers,' 'Pauline,' 'Faust and Marguerite,' and 'The Courier of Lyons.' Evtn when he produced pieces ef the least elevating olass, Mr. CharlcB Kean was at pains not to vitiate, but to refine. Tbe 'Coreican Brothers,' with Mr. Kean as the mysterious twins, wae ihe very best of theatrical ghost dories. Through Mr. Kean's fine acting, and the perfect manner in which tho drama was put upon the stage, it achieved tbe extraordinary run of nearly three hundred nights. In summing up all that has been done for the stags by Mr. Charlts Kean, duringhismanagementof the Princess's Theatre, we may refer to the speech of his illustrious school fellow, Ihe Chancellor of the Exchequer, delivered at the great Kean Banquet iu I8S9. 'Icon render witness to Air. Kean,' said Mr. Gladstone, 'as being a public bene factor. If anything could add to my individual satisfac tion in rendering that witness, it would be the oirenmatance Ihat lam politically connected by representation, and have for years been connected, with one of the great seats of leorcicg and education in England. I see in our time ona of tboEe who here aeserted the social brotherhood that exists between all true and genuine instruments of human cultivation. Be has said truly ihat in the drama the greatest powers of the human mind have been eihibited, This most influential instrument, ;whloh has sometimes grovelled In the mire, and whioh has rarely been appreciated to the extent of its oapaolty, Mr. .Kean has devoted almost immeasurable labour to raising np to its due and natural elevation. This la the wrvioe tint he has conferred upon the age.' The silver service to which we have already referred, waa presented in 8t.J»mrf Hall, Muob, 1863., atapublio TiKtiirp. i.imidiii ovi-r by Mr. Gladstone, lbs Chancel cf i hi- Vxrrqucr. The ccniro-pitce bears tho follow! Infiriptinn :- 1 To Ciiahim Johh Kkjim, V.S A., 1, lly ii, any kllow Ktonlans, together willi numerous I Fru-mlH und Admirers among the Public, I' Ma Tribute to'thc Genius of a Great Actor, I Anil in recognition or his unremitting efforts to improve I-. Ihc tone ond elevate the character of I the British Stage. I Mascb SIkb, 1WH. I While Mr. Charles Keanwason theblph road towarl tho attainment of honours that had never before bel awarded to any member of bis profeasion, ho did not foi get lho dictates of humanity. Bis early training ad early struggles bad opened his heart to charity, sod who] his eays of prosperity arrived ho did not forget that he hsl oece been poor. In the autumn of 1852 ths husband ol Mrs. Kean's youngest Bister died, leaving his widow witH eleven children utterly unprovided for. Stand forth, yi orphans, and lift jour voices high in gratitude to him whj took upon himself the duties of a father— to him whd educated, cherished, and supported you, and pave to the] world aB bright an example of Christian feeling ! J Tbe reusonB for Mr. Kean's retirement from manage-l ment were briefly expressed by himself when, on the 29th, I August, 1869, be. took leave of the London publlo in htal managerial character ? — I ' 1 need not de,ny,' ho said, ' that I have bad no gains, 1 in a commi rcinl sense. More restricted notions and a more I parsimonious outlay might, perhaps, hnvo led to a very I ciflerentrOEU.lt; but I oould not bo induced bveuohoon-l sideratlons to chock my desire to do what I' considered I right, and what would, in my opinion, advance tbe bost In- I torestof my profession. Whatever Iops 1 bavo sustained I f amply coniperjfoted by the praise you bavo bestowed up- I on my effort)*. Mind and body require rest Kiter each. I Rclivo exercise for nine yoars, and it could not be a matter I of Furprise if I sank under a continuance of the combined I duties of actor and manager of a theatre, « here evury thing I has grown into such gigantic proportions. Indeed, I I should long piece have succumbed bad I not been Rustainei I and seconded by the indomitable onercy and devoted offoolion of my wife. You have only eeen her in the fulfll- I ment of her professional pursuits, and urc therefore uniible I to estimate the value of her assistance and counsel. She I was ever by my side in the hour of need, ready to revive my I drooping spirits, and to stimulate me lo fre«h exertions.' Though relieved from tbe responsibility and toils of rnansgeuiect, Mr. and Mis. Kcan have rested but little. I Constantly fulfilling provincial engagements, which have I compelled them to vitit nearly all tbe great towns in the Three Kingdoms, and paying at least once a year a visit to London, where they ate always expected with eagerness and welcomed with delight, Thus they continue their use ful toils, while everybody marvels at their never .failing energy and vigour. While they remained at the Prinoess'e Theatre, during tho season of last year, they played I 'Henry V1I1.' for no less than eighty nighte, without I interruption, Jnthooldcn time tbis dramatic 'history' was not one of the most attractive of Shatespeare'e works : but tbe characters of the Cardinal and tbo Queen are so ' well adapted to Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, that the I piece is now aB universally popular no ''Hamlet' or 1 'Othello.' The farewell engagement at the Princess's this yew, occupying the first half of May, was the cause of an im mense excitement. Tbo feeling with whicli this was gene rally regarded cannot better be expressed than in the words ! of that, most particular and intellectual of jcumals, the | Saturday Jlecicw : — ? 'When cur great tragedian, simply rviirei to the pro- I vincep, he did not altogether tlip out of sight. We always beard how he was going on, and his return to London for a few weeisalwayB seemed to be on event within the range of possibility. But when Mr. Charles Kean is at Melbourne or Sydney, when a waste of waters separates him from thi British Islands, the drawbridge is raised with a vengeance, and tbe chains that keep it up are secured with the strongest staples. Nothing will be left to remind the public of Ihe higher uses for which a tbentre can be em ployed. Prose dramas of the light kind, whether sorious or comic, will alone be presented. Plaj s will be looked upon ss amusements with which the intellect has little or Eothing to do— that is to fay, if they Ere. fortunate, for it is possible they may not be considered amusing at all. And this is the state of things that could not have been contemplated sixty years ago. Tho colonists whs seem to have that practical veneration for Shakespeare which is proper to vigorous youth, and which is so palpably dis tinct from the studious literary veneration eo prevalent in the old country, eeem hitherto to have bestowed the most liberal patronage on the histrionic interpreters of the great VCOt. But ns jet (hey have rather nurtured unknown talent into celebrity than paid a tribute lo acknuwledged worth. In fact, they have not eeen an actor to whom ihe voice of the London public would aeeign tbe highest, rank in Mb profession. If the theatrical history ef Australia is ever written, tbe epoch-making event will be the arrival oi Mr. and Mrs. Kean ' 