THE ANNU \L AODitES- UP the AUSTB ALA SIAN WESLEYAN CONFE RENCE TO TEE MEMBERS OF THE WESLEY AN CHURCH IN AUSTRALASIA AND POLYNESIA Dearly Beloved Brethren—In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the unity of the Spirit, we send forth to you, from our Ninth Annual Assembly, our affectionate and fervent salutations. "Grace be uuto you and peace, from Him which is, aud which was, and which is to couie; and from the seven Spirits which are before His throne; and from Jesus Christ, who is the Faithful Witness, and the First-begotten <Jf the dead, and the Prince of the kings of the earth." We ask you, dear brethren, to join with us iu hearty thanksgivings to God our Father, that of His abundant goodness He has preserved and sustained us "tliro another various year." From this stage of earthly pil grimage oar grateful songs shall ascend to Him who "hath done all tilings well." His holy name be praised! "Bless the Lord, O" our "soul, and ' forget not all His benefits; who forgiveth all" our iniquities; who healeth all" our "diseases; who ' redeemetli"' our "life from destruction; who j crowneth" us "with iovinglrindness and tender mercies!" Ihe long continuance of goodness ami j mercy towards us not only calls for ceaseless songs i of praise, but fills oar hearts with encouragement 1 aud hope. We have greater cause than ever to rely upon the truth and faithfulness of God. We have seen—we shall sea His salvation. To sending forth to you our Annual Pastoral Address, we are reminded of the peculiar relation ship existing between us and you. We are one people. Ours is a anitcd pastorate. Not confined to one particular congregation of Christ's people, our cares and hopes, our prayers and efforts, extend over the whole Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. "We esteem this, our Cmnexional Ministry. It is a very honour-able one. We "magnify" our "office." We are not, however, the less sensible of the deep and solemn responsi bilities of our position. We " watch foryour souls, as they that must give account." "For now we live if ye stand fast in the Lard." The iluly of writing to you from Conference, "on ' tilings that accompany salvation," is ever welcome I and grateful to us; the more so from the confidence I we have that our counsels and cautious are prized bvyou. You receive them as proofs of our interest hi your well-being. You want not the assurance from us that " oiir heart's de ire and prayer for" you "is that" you "may be saved." | We ask you, dear brethren, to rejoice with us, that God is still graciously pleased to bless our labours. We "have not run iu vain, neither laboured ill vain." Some of our circuits have been visited with copious "showers of blessing," and | many souls have been converted. Our total iu crease is but small comparatively; and we feel humbied on this account. Doubtless had we, preachers and people, lived nearer to God; had we ■; continued "instant in prayerhad we been more holy, and earnest, and faithful, our numerical progress would have been much greater. But we are "by no means discouraged. The annual losses of t'do Church, by deaths, removals, and back slidiugs, are very great It is therefore matter for thankfulness that, after filling up all vacancies, we record a clear increase to our numbers of I,7oS and 7,527 on trial. Our Church members in several of tile mission distiicts who liave steadfastly maintained their piety during a I iocg period of severe trial and discouragement, attendant upon the political troubles and dis- ' turbauces of their country, have a large share in our sympathies. We earnestly commend them to the care and blessing of God. May they have oil "the panoply of God, that they may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having doue alL to stand!" We rejoice that, in some districts at least of our Connexion, God is raising up a succession of suitable agents for carrying on His work in tlie world. Our hearts would besad indeed if mourown I Churches, among our own people, there were not to lie found pious, earnest, devoted young men, "whose hearts God had touched," who were will ing to sacrifice everything for Christ's sake and the Gospel's : to be employed wherever God and His Church might please to send them. This melan choly reflection, we are thankful to say, is not ours. From our colonial Churches two candidates have been accepted by this Conference, on probation, and scut out into the general work." On our missi on stations, too, it rejoices us to find the highly in teresting band of native assistant ministers year by year increasing. We look upon these our native brethren and fellow-helpers with deep in terest :uid with unfeigned delight. They, will effectually aid in the evangelization of the yet re maining heaihen among the people entrusted to our care. You will mourn with us the loss we havftsus taiued in the removal by death ol tivo of our fellow labourers in the harvest-field. One dear brother, who, from his' eminent talents and noble qualities, occupied a front position during the few years of his sojourn among us—"whose praise is in the Gospel throughout all the churches''—after along enforced retirement from his beloved employ, in increasing debility and suffering, yet in patient submission to the will of God, has laid his weary body down, aud entered into rest. Another, whose opening ministry gave rich promise of years of fruitfuiness. has faded away in early sprint;. We "sorrow not even as others which have no hope." The loss is ours. Theirs is an infinite and eternal gain. We rejoice iu the recollection of tbeir dying testimony to the power and sufficiency of Divine Grace. "O may we triumph so When all our warfare's past; And, dj-ing, find our latest foe Under our feet at last!" We thankfully recognise the increased numbers and the growing efficiency of our lay brethren, and fellow-workers in the Lord's vineyard. We are more tliau ever satisfied that our Chureli organiza tion is of God. Our hosts of intelligent, zealous, and devoted lay-helpers efficiently assisting to sus tain and supply our Church services and institu tions are enabling us to extend our efforts over a much wider space than we otherwise could. Our local preachers, leaders, stewards, trustees, Sabbath and day school teachers, prayer-leaders, tract-dis tributors, and visitors of the sick arc of very great service and value to the Church. We pray you, dear brethren, to think of them with afi'ecliou. Remember them in your prayers. They are worthy of honour. Do not slight them or despise their ministrations. Let them not be discouraged by your absence from the services they may have to conduct. Our dear brethren, of whom we speak, will re joice with us in the present satisfactory condition of the Churches, to which their own labours have very materially contributed; and they will join with us in a fresh consecration of all wc have and are to the service aud for the glory of God. With a richer baptism of grace upon our souls, let us go forth— "To embrace the happy toil, God has to each assigned; And while we do His blessed will. We bear our lieavea about us still." And now, dear brethren, as is our wont, we pro ceed to address you 0:1 the important subjeet of personal religion. " Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves." Be lieviug, as we do, the Scripture truth that our final perseverance is conditional, the duty of self-examination is oue of pressing no cessity. "To our own safety, our own se dulity is required." "For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and luioweth all things. Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence towards God." Turn, then, your thoughts inward. You remember well the happy day when your troubled soul found rest in Christ; when your "hearts" were "sprinkled from an evil consciencewhen you heard in your inmost sou! the Spirit's cry "Abba, Father;" and when "the love of God" was slied abroad in your hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us. Oh! how inteusciy joyous was your emotion. How your heart swelled, your bosom burned with love and gratitude to Jesus! Suffer us. dear brethren. Are 3-011 as bappv now as then? Have you grown in grace.' Keiigion is progressive.. Do you "hold 011" your "way" with "the right eous," and with liirn of "ciean hands" become "stronger and stronger?" Can you say re joicingly with the Apostle, " now is our salvation nearer than when we believed/" Does the Holy Ghost "with clearer light his witness bear; more sensibly within you live?" What ! would "He" say "that holdetli the seven stars in His right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks YYould it not be, "I have somewhat against thee, because thou ha ■it left thy first love." Jiiis your religion teen fruitful! " This peopre have I "formed for myself; tbe.v shall show forth mvpraise." "Herein is mv Father glorified that ye bear much fruit." " I have ordained you that ye should go and bring forth fruit." " Ye have your fruit in holiness." Has this great end of your conversion been answered? Our Church is a witness to the Scripture doctrine of entire sanctiffcation. We believe the attainment of that high and holy blessing to be possible, desirable, necessary. It is our privilege, our duty to "follow holiness, without which no man can sec the Lord." Arc we living in the enjovmcnt of this full salvation, this perfect love? Does "the very God of peace sanctify' us "wholly?" Have-we the happy confidence— " Herein is our ioye made perfect; because as He is, so are we iu this world?"' Have w-e not rather, iu our meditations and prayers, forgotten this great Scripture requirement? suffered this precious article of our faith to become almost a dead letter] Do wc earnestly prav, long for, "hunger and thirst after" this perfect "righteousness?" Enquiries such as the preceding may possibly humble us, and make us feel our nothingness aud emptiness before God. Thcv will be the more beneficial. It belioveth us to lie low iu the dust before Him who is " of purer eyes than to behold evil, and 'cannot' look upon iniquity." Especially should we so prostrate ourselves in His presence, in view of our shortcomings and blackslidipgs. Humility is a choice grace of the Holy Spirit. Many and precious are the promises for " the poor in spirit," the "meek and lowly in heart." I11 order to our spiritual improvement, let us diligently and carefiilly use all those means 01 grace with which we are so highly favoured. "Sweet intercourse with God" is a mostva!uab,e helper to piety. " YYHien thou prayest enter into thy closet." it is said by those who know us not, Methodists live too much in public; that we frequent tbe public ordinances, more particularly tlie lively services of our Church, to the .neglect of private devotion aud searching the Scriptures. We believe that this is a calumny. Gertainlv Jus religion will be very superficial who does not eauy wait upon God in secret. Iu his case there will oe no intelligent vital piety. Let nothing break in ujion your hallowed hour of retirement. Have at hand, if possible, in your closet, with your' Bible and hymn-book, a few of those nlessed biographies which enrich tne literature of our body. A few pages from the lives of holy men and women .who have S°ne be fore us to heaven will stimulate our devotional feelings, aid our faith, and promote our spiritual profit. We slial I com-S forth from our retirement better prepared for the- battle of life. YY e would counsel you to " show p.'stv at home. Let your family see iu you an example the excellency and not- we PrA-v you, keep all \- § n suavity and courtesy tor your out ChrirfE^. 4 H^ban,<ls'loye *0™ wives, even as }o\? the C1'"rt1?- Wives, submit your- ' f™ husbands as uuto the Lord." ' "FwW* A ?bey your parents in the Lord." and S^'nVrinJ? UPJ01* c]4kirg? io the nurture von £ f the Lord. ' Use the authority imuseme.,^ «n%Crv°syoar chi!,Jrcn from sinful f ' £ucl1 35 dancing and the like "Ser accoriintr flic? are y.0ur masters, wrvar^ ti t > _ Piasters, give unto your servsuu, tlrat wmcn is just and eouaL" To heir, you in the fulfilment of these dutle's we trSt vou are in the daily habit of family prayer Let not we entreat you, the ceres and amde«efof bSsine4 prevent your regular attention to this wholesome du-.y. Lessons have been there learnt by children and servants, winch have been of lastim*benefit o?0" 3'ou » regular andpunctualatten dance on all the ordmanees of the sauctuarv It should lie a rule with us, if we have the oppor tunity, to attend the public" service twice everv Lord s Day. Let us be careful to be there in time, oonie- are habitually late, and their pastors and tellow-worsliippers are pained and disturbed by them. This is highly unbecoming to Him whose house and service it is. It is very unkind to our punctual fellow-worshipper. Fail not to frequent the table of the Lord, m obedience to his dying command, and in testimony of your fellowship in the communion of saints." You will do well to attend the week-night services. • Your pastors study, on those occasions especially, the edifying and comforting of believers. By coming together to the wcek-mgnt sermon, you encourage the mi nister and gain profit to yourselves. The class meeting is one of the greatest helps and incentives to personal religion. We have tn.a.tur^ authority for the practice. It is one -bulwarks of Methodism, It been an unspeakable blessing to multitudes. AH who have reaped benefit there cannot << n?0? ?ue , .t,leu" ■attendance without "loss. tIle assembling of ourselves to_eiiier in this weekly communion, "as the manner of some is," let us " exhort one another," confess our faults one to another, and pray one for another, that we may be healed." Sou perhaps think it a privilege to be accounted a Wes leyan Methodist. Hear in mind that none are members with us who do not meet in class. It is not likely „liat so prudential, so salutary a regula tion. will be ever altered. Our prayer meetings de sert e more regard than they too frequently obtain. are a never-failing index to the spiritual state of the Caurcli. You desire the pros perity of the Church. It would greatly delight you to witness the " soul-convertiug power" in the sanctuary. Come, then, in numbers to the social prayer meeting. Let those who conduct these meetings study to promote their efficiency. Let the singing he appropriate and lively—the prayers snort, terveat, importunate. AYe would recom mend a more careful observance of the quarterly fast-days of the Methodist Calendar.' Jxeep in view their special design—the helping of your soul in its approach to Cod. Wc have a firm persuasion t.iat great spiritual prosperity would follow the better observance of these days of humiliation and Pra-ver.. With confidence would we cry, " Thou sbalt arise and have mercy upon Zion; for the tune to favour her; yea, the set time is come." .. Aeeu we call your attention to the Divine law Lemember tffiit you keep holy the Sabbath .L-uard, dear brethren, "theday of sacred rest from all violatiou. Observe it yourselves, and enforce its observance in your household with scrupulous care. In this "day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy," it behoveth the wit nesses for God to give a decided testimony on this matter. "Let your light shine before men." Avoid all travelling in vehicles plying for hire, all railway travelling, and all unnecessary work whatsoever on God's holy day. The rules of society are sufficiently explicit oil the subject of tempe rance.^ Observe them. Be "temperate in all tilings —in meats and drinks, in words and tempers. " The grace of God bringeth salvation," teaches us that "we should live soberly."' H e add a few words of counsel as to your civil and business relations. It is the right and duty of every citizen to avail himself of all the privileges which the constitution of his country gives him. fteek the peaee of the city" in which you dwell, v- *?le peace thereof shall j-e have peace." xou will, however, not fail to remember that the Church of your choice is a religious body. AVe are not associated for political or party purposes. Our Church organization is not to be used for simply political ends. As members of the body politic, exercise your rights for ihe well-being of your country, and for the glory of God. Assist by your vote aud influence tne candidate for public office who shows he has the "fear of God" before "his eyes, who reverences the Bible, the Sabbath, and the sanctuary. But "our conversation is iu heaven; we cannot, therefore, chor.se to mingle needlessly. with the unholy .-throng in political partisanship, debate, and strife. You who are engaged in business, especially i the larger cities, Jbave as competitors, perhap: some who in their eager desire to get wealth ai unscrupulous as to the means they employ. "B that hastath to be rich hath an evil eye." " Be nt ye like unto them." Protest by an unwaverin; "11U UUULIUlUIU UCdiUiQO, A.CyU<Uv JttllCutil by the world's malignant eye;" theyare everreadj * to load you with reproach and shame." Le them see that you are what your fathers were, proverb of reproach and love." Have "your con versatbn honest among the Gentiles." Let us all live in daily expectation of onr solemr future. "Seeing that all these things shall be dis solved, what manner of persons ought ye to he ir all holy conversation and godliness?'" "Now" we "beseech you. brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with" us "in youi prayers to God for" us—" That" we *' mav come unto you with joy, by the will of God, aud may with you be refreshed. Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen!" THOMAS BUDDL1S, President. JAMBS BICJKFORD, Secretary. The number of members add ministers is ai follows L Mexibers, Districts. Last Year. Tuis Year. G C Decrease. New South Wales ... 4,170 4.2S1 111 _ Victoria 5,039 6,009 100 - South Australia 3,129 3,'230 151 ? AArestern Australia... 112 120 S ? Tasmania 944 1,033 92 ? Auckland 1,497 1.5S0 83 ? AA'ellington 731 714 17 Friendly Islands ... 8,564 7,954 ? 610 Fiji Islands 11,251 13,101 1,850 Totals 36,307 38,075 2,395 G27 Increase of members in the colonies ... 462 Do. do. do. missions ... 1,303 Net increase of members 1.76S On trial formembersbip—In the colonies 1,207 Do. Ho. In the missions 6,233 Total 7,227 n. MINISTERS AND PREACHERS ON TeLYL. sj §■3 Districts. Ministers. u ej -- ci a! ° "S Eh Sydney 15 3 3 21 Bathurst 5&las.; ;mis.4 — 1 7 Maitland ti&las.; ;mis. 6 — ? Gauiburn 3 — o 5 Queensland 2 1 1 4 Melbourne 12 — 5 17 Gee'oug aud Ballarat 10 3 6 19 Castlemaine and Sandhurst 10 — 3 13 South Australia 15 — 4 19 ' Tasmania 11 — ? 11 AA'estcni Australia ... 1 ? ? I Auckland 11 2 1 14 AYellington 7 ? 1 8 Friendly Islands ... 4 ? 3 Samoa 1 ? 2 3 Fiji 7 — 6 13 122 9 3S 169 ITT. Native Assistant Missionaries in B eiv Zealand, the Friendly, Samoa, and Fiji Islands 44 Total HT 