MISCELLANEOUS EXTEAOTS. A Profitable Ferry. — The power of the penny was never, perhaps, more strikingly exemplified than at the meeting of the Birkenhead Commissioners, which was held recently, when the Ferry Committee presented a statement of accounts showing the flou rishing condition of the Woodside Ferry. During the month of March, 1862, the receipts were £2,491 15s. 2d., and in 1863 £2,775 9s. 7d. From the 24th of April preceding to the 31st of March ending 1862 the receipts were £32,837 lls. 9d., and in 1863 £34,636 17s. 1O-J. During the same period ending 1862 the expenditure was £21,800, and in 1863 £20,468 odd ; thus showing a profit of nearly £14,000 per annum out of a penny ferry. Shocking Occtjrreiice. — An inquest was lately held at Mountsorrel, in Leicestershire, upon the body of Henry Pidcock, before Mr. Gregory, coroner. ' The deceased met his death on Wednesday last in a stone quarry at Mountsorrel, a cart falling upon him from a height of 100 feet. On the after noon of Wednesday, Mr. Joseph Webster (the prisoner) was at Mountsorrel with his pony and cart, and appeared intoxicated. When at the top of the hill, near the quarry, he took the pony from the cart aud pushed the vehicle down the precipice upon the workmen below. The cart fell upon the back of the deceased, and he soon afterwards died. Mr. George Bampton, publican, stated that the prisoner came to his house afterwards, and asked for a glass of ale. He did not appear at that time the worse for liquor. He told witness that he had thrown his cart over the precipice into the pit. Police-sergeant Bosworth said he saw a pony on the day in question galloping about the hill, and Webster running wildly about. He apprehended him, and prisoner said, ' I am just coming to give myself up ; ' and added, ' I should think a man can do as he liked with his own property — it is my own cart, and I gave £10 for it.' Prisoner also said, ' I did not intend to hurt anyone, and if I did 80 1 am, very sorry for it ; but ,thi§ will prove. whether I am right or John Martin, the high sheriff is right, for I bought my common at Mountsorrel, and paid for it.' Prisoner appeared drunk. The Jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against the prisoner, who was committed for trial at the assizes. Fearbttl Tragedy in Crossmolina, — 'Never before was excitement raised there to such a pitch as when on Monday morning the report spread that a respectable widow lady residing in that town, Mrs. M'Naier, had been murdered in cold blood by her eldest son, William M'Naier, the preceding night, in the open street. Strange to say, the occurrence was for the most part witnessed by four cowardly men, ' who never interfered to save the unfortunate old lady, l The unhappy man is said to have been at the time he I committed the deed laboring under some delusion. ? The delusion was that his mother was the Devil. On her way to her room she met William, who was in his night-shirt on the lobby and in a most excited state, saying that the Devil should be put out of the house at once, and that she was the DeviL Thinking j it might quiet him, she said she was the Devil, and ' begged of him for God's sake to let her alone. Having I heard this from herself he became doubly excited, and ' forced her down the stairs and out in the street ; in her nightdress. She ran as well as she could towards the barracks for protection, but he over taking her struck her a violent blow on the back of the neck, prostrating her on the street. Her head came forcibly against the curbstone of the footpath, dashing the blood to the height of eight feet on the house of Mrs. Mostyn, which is opposite. He then paced several times up aud down beside her, saying ' I have killed the old devil ;' ' the devil is dead ;' ' God is stronger than the devil ;' and calling loudly on the people to come put — that ' the mother of the devil was now dead.9 Three or four men who lived near the place, and who had been aroused by the noise, witnessed this fearful proceeding. She lay there insensible, and he sat down in the street a little way from her. Hearing her moan, he stood up and went over and struck her five or six violent blows with his clenched fist on the head as it lay on the curbstone, repeating the above expressions and some Latin words.' — Tyrawly Herald. LAYnr© the Ghost. — Formerly all the world beh'eved in ghosts, and even now faith in these ' bodi less creations' extends beyond the precincts of the nursery. From time to time the public mind has been excited by rumours of the appearance of these mysterious visitants during the hours of darkness in a blood-stained mansion, in a yawning churchyard, or on a ' blasted heath.' And occasionally they have obtruded their supposed ' incorporeal essence' upon the inhabitants of populous villages and towns. The famous Cock-lane ghost was a notorious example of such impertinence. It has, however, been clearly -roved that all these creations were neither ' bodi less' nor ' incorporeal,' and that they were nothing more than mischievous flesh and blood realities. But, what shall we say of the ghost which now regu larly presents himself before large and bewildered audiences in Regent-street, by day as -well as by night? Was there ever ghost like this? He has recently been purchased in proprid persona, or in duplicate, by a distinguished theatrical manager. He is an admirable specimen of an unmistakable, most truly unsubstantial ghost. You may apparently walk through him, yet without in the least disturbing his composure. What is he? Let us see. He is nothing more than the reflected image of a brightly illuminated object, living or dead, from the surface of a flat piece of glass. The lights are lowered, and the spectators are in comparative darkness. The curtain is drawn and discloses a dimly-illuminated chamber called a study, and there you behold the student, a living man, walking to and fro. This person is actually behind a large sheet of plate glass, not larger indeed than is to be seen in many a shop window. The object to be ghostified is concealed in front of the glass, and is brilliantly illuminated, by the well known lime light. In accordance with the law of optics, the image of the object is reflected from the glass to the spectators, so as to seem to them as far behind the glass as it is in reality in front of it ; and they, owing to the obscurity of the chamber, are unable to detect the sourca of the illusion. The arrangement is ingenious, and does credit to' the Institution where the exhibition takes place. Philo sophers of high distinction attempt to explain the illusion by the use of the concave mirror, and the reflection therefrom of au image upon floating dust or vapour in the air. Let me add, our ghost, it is reported, is nrotent-nd hv n ?nnt^nh. 'fiVnov a. notont ghost. What next ? Suip on Fire. — In the dense smoke that prevailed, excluding every object from view, the glorious old Mississippi went ashore right opposite the centre aud worst battery. Shenow became a standing target for the whole range of the batteries of Port Hudson. Finding it impossible to escape, Captain Smith gave orders to set the ship on fire, to prevent her falling into the hands of the rebels. Accordingly her after part was fired, the rebels all the time continuing to pour in their shot and shell as fast as they could bring their guns to bear. The artillery practice would have been worthy of a better cause. The Mississippi was riddled through and through. Four men were known to have been killed ere the ship was aban doned. 'Several \^re known to have jumped over board soon after the ship was set on fire, and there can be no doubt that some of them were drowned. There was a favourite spaniel on board which suc ceeded in swimming to the Bhore. This dog was greatly excited during the heat of the engagement, and, as the shells exploded, he ran at them, barking furiously, even following as near as possible those which exploded in the water. Soon after the vessel had been fired two shells came crashing through her, exploding, and setting fire to some turpentine and oil which they upset. The ship was then at once abandoned, and burned till she became lightened, to which the removal of nearly 300 men contributed, when she swung off into deep water, presenting her head down the river. Presently it was reported on board the Richmond that she was coming down, and we all turned out on the poop deck to see the sight. It was a most magnificent spectacle. From the mid ships to the stern the noble vessel was enveloped in a sheet of flame, while fire wreaths ran up the shrouds, playing around the mainmast, twisted and writhed like fiery serpents. Onward she came, keeping near to the right bank, still bow foremost, as regularly a3 if she was steered by a pilot. It was, indeed, a won derful sight. Captain Smith, her recent com mander, and several of her officers, who had by this time arrived on board the Richmond, assembled on the poop deck — their emotion almost too great for words. Next to bis wife, children, or sweet heart, there is nothing that a sailor loves more than his ship — nothing that he regrets the loss of so much; and, in the absence of the above-named domestic ties, his ship is to him wife, child, and sweetheart ; the feeling of regret at the loss of his ship is enhanced when, as in the case of the Mississippi, the gallant craft has achieved historical renown. No wonder, then, that the officers of the Mississippi should feel a sinking at the heart on. witnessing the destruction of their floating home, while they were powerless to save her. As she arrived opposite the port side of the Richmond some apprehension was entertained that her port broadside might give us a parting salute of not a very agreeable nature. Captain Smith assured Captain Alden, however, that her port guns bad been all discharged. Just as she had cleared us her starboard guns began to go off. This was accom panied by the explosion of the shells she had on deck ready tor use. These exploded at short intervals. The flames now began to increase in volume from amidships to the stern, and the howitzer on the maintop was discharged with the heat. Maiesticallv the gallant craft — gallant even in its last moments — moved down the stream till, turning the bend at the lower part of Prophet Island, she was hidden from oor view, and nothing more was seen but a bright glare shooting up sky ward. Shell after shell still exploded at intervals, and thus a couple of hours passed away till the Mis sissippi was some eight or ten miles below the Rich mond. The shells now began to explode more rapidly, indicating that the fire had reached the skellroom, and cannot be far from the powder magazine. This proves to be the fact, for presently a sudden glare of bright flame shoots upwards towards the zenith, spreading skyward in the form of an inverted cone. An interval of a few seconds elapse, then comes a stunning roar, causing the Richmond to tremble from truck to keelson, and the gallant Mississippi that so long has ' braved the battle and the breeze' is no more ; all that remains of her is sunk in the bosom of the mighty river from which she derived her name. — New York Paper. As Odd Present for ;the Princess.— Mr. G. Willins, of Grorgate-hall, has forwarded to Sand ringham a terrier puppy for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales. Lieutenant-General Knollys has acknowledged the offering as follows: — 'Sand- ringham, April 1. Lieutenant-General Knollys presents his compliments to Mr. Willins, and has been directed by the Prince of Wales to thank him for the terrier puppy he has been so obliging as to send for the acceptance of tbe Princess. Mr. Willins may not be aware, perhaps, that it is not the general rule of the Royal family to receive presents where they have not had the pleasure of being acquainted with the donor personally; but on the present occasion His Royal Highness has been pleased to make an exception, and, on the part of the Princess of Wales, again to thank Mr. Willins for his courteous present.' The 'Church' in Att3trai.ia. — On March 31 the Lord Bishop of Sydney delivered a lecture at the St. Ja-nes' Vestry HaU, Paddington, on the history and present condition and prospects of the English Church in Australia. The Bishop, who was intro duced by the Incumbent of the parish, commenced by a brief account of the past history of this enterest ing colony. Starting from its first discovery by the old Portuguese navigator Torres little more than two centuries ago, he traced the short but eventful story through the more effective researches of Captain Cook and the export of convicts at the close of the last century, to the great gold disooveries of J.851, and the extraordinary prosperity that has Vsprring^M from them. His lordship's sketch was of course flB chiefly concerned with the ecclesiastical aspect of this ^1 remarkable story, aud the facts brought forward were 19 as remarkable as they were interesting. Little more . ^ than five and twenty years ago the whole island of 1 Australia, with its New Zealand dependencies, was nominally included in the diocese of Calcutta, the whole Church staff consisting only of an archdeacon and some half-dozen military chaplains. The first J step was the erection of these islands into a separate diocese. Further subdivision was then found neces sary, and Australia alone now contains the dioceses of Adelaide, Melbourne, Goulburn, Sydney, New castle, and Brisbane, with another in immediate pros pect. New Zealand also has now her own metropo litan with five suffragan bishops, and the two pro vinces can together boast of between 300 and 40O clergy. As a further illustration of the great progress of the Australian colonies in this respect, the Bishop mentioned that he had himself opened 87 additional places of worship in his own diocese, at least 50 of which were substantially built of brick or stone. His lordship, in conclusion, alluded to the difficulty of procuring an adequate supply of efficient clergy for le work. Pointing out with the earnestness of practical experience the special qualifications required aud the difference between home work and colonial, in that the latter had no ' quiet nooks and corners' where the less gifted and less energetic might still be usefully employed, he went so far as to say that au inefficient clergyman in an Australian district was not only useless but mischievous, and that the district had better be without one at all. His lordship went on to say that he did not, for this reason, look for any adequate supply from England, but thought that it could best be obtained in the colony itself. With this object a theological college for training young men for holy orders has been opened at Liverpool, 20 miles from Sydney, on a property bequeathed by a former colonist, Mr. T. Moore, for this purpose. It consists of a residence for the principal, six sets of rooms for students, and a chapel, called Broughton Chapel, in memory of the late Bishop of Svdney.. The chapel and students' rooms were built in 1856-57 at a cost of £3,000. The institution is endowed with £135 per annum. The three trustees have sub scribed £200 per annum towards its maintenance. It is full and has been most useful in training young men for the ministry. The ordinary course extends over two years, but it is proposed to admit graduates of the University of Sydney belonging to St. Paul's for one year. The funds necessary to increase the accommodation and to complete the design already commenced, by building a hall and library and lecture-room would be £3,000. It is also desirable to endow it with an additional sum of £2,000, to bring the permanent salary of the principal up to £300 per annum, and a further sum of £2,000 is required to found exhibitions for the maintenance of students whose circumstances are such as to require pecuniary aid. The whole amount required is £7,000. Important Experiments in Sheep Feeding. — The members of the Parlington Tenant Farmers' Club have just concluded their second experiment in winter feeding several classes of shearing sheep, for the purpose of ascertaining, with an equal or given quantity of food, the class most profitably adapted to their locality. It may be remembered that in the summer grazing the farmers tested with 12 sheep of each class, but in the winter feeding they selected six out of each class, and only tested with that number. To do away with the objection of inequality in condition lambs were bought, wintered, summer grazed, and then winter fed. The tables previously published of the experiments in. the pre ceding years showed the increase of the Shropshire Down over the other classes. The experiment this last winter was carried out by close folding upon swarth, and though the ground was changed they all showed lameness, but the Shropshire the more so. The trial was between the 18th October, 1862, and the 18th March, 1863; and within this period the Shropshires had gained 7st. 8lb., the Lincolns 17st. 31b., the Leicesters lOst. lib., and the North sheep 21st. 121b. The following table supplies other imDO rtant particulars ? — Shrop- Lincoln- Leicester shire, shire. shire. North, st. lb. st. lb. st. Id. at. lb. Weight of mutton ... 53 6 57 6 51 4 57 8 „ WOOl ? 2 Hi 4, 13 3 0 3 3 „ tallow ... 7 3 6 11 5 13 5 10 „ pelts ...... 6 10 7 6 5 6 5 i „ turnips eaten 1159 0 1305 0 1112 0 1421 o „ linseed cake 18 3 25 7 18 3 21 12 Mutton gained daring the time of winter feeding upon turnips lb. lb. lb. lb. and cake ? 67 148 91 197 Profit on mutton and wool, showing the relative value the several classes bear £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d to each other ? — 2 6 9 0 9 4| 2 15 44 Mr. Thomas J. Fox, the gentleman who has tabulated the returns, holds to the opinion that the mutton of the Shropshire Down, with its increased wool, bears its own'testimony, and will force its way with think ing men. The propensity of the North sheep to feed upon turnip is fully borne out in the above statement, whilst the excess of wool in the improved Lincoln, with its greater proportion of flesh to that of the very pure Leicester, shows it to be an animal of increasing repute. The reporter of the experiment adds : — Living close upon the manufacturing town of Leeds, we observe a change in the taste of the operative from that of excessive fat meat to one of a less waste ful aud more fleshy description. Combining this fact with the results of these experiments may in some measure have modified our views, and led to a more critical support of othere, concluding that the cultivation of an animal of little muscle, but entirely given to the laying on of fat, and consequently less woo!, may not to ourselves be the most profitable. — Manchester Examiner. PeeHiS of a BaIiHjon Reconuoissa'S'CE. — The ' Professor' aroused me at 3 o'clock, when I found the canvas straining its bonds, and emitting a hollow sound, as of escaping gas. The basket wns made fast directly, the telescopes tossed into place ; the Pro fessor climbed to the side, holding by the network ; aud I coiled up in a rope at the bottom. ' Stand by your cables,' he said, and the bags of ballast were at once cut away. Twelve men took each a rope in hand, and paying out slowly, let us glide gently upward. The earth seemed to be falling away, and we poised motiouless in the blue ether. The tree tops sank downward, the hills dropped noiselessly through space, and directly the Cblckahominy was visible beyond us, winding like a ribbon of silver through the ridgy landscape. ' Guess I got 'em now, jest where I want 'em,' said Lowe, with a gratified laugh ; ' just keep ttill as you mind to, and squint your eye through, my glass, while I make a sketch of the roads and the country. Hold hard there, and anchor fast!' he screamed to the people below. Then he fell imper turbably to work, sweeping the country with his hawk eye, and escaping nothing that could contribute to the completeness of his jotting. We had been but a few minutes thus poised, when close below, from the edge of a timber stretch, puffed a volume of white smoke. A second afterward, the air quivered with the peal of a cannon. A third, and we heard the splitting shriek of a shell that passed a little to our left, but in exact range, and burst beyond us in the ploughed field, heaving up the clay as it exploded. ' Ha !' said Lowe, ' they have got us foul! Haul in the cables — quick!' he shouted in a fierce tone. At the same instant, the puff, the report, and the shriek were' repeated ; but this time the shell burst to our right in mid-air, and scattered fragments around and below us. 'Another shot will do our business,' said Lowe between bis teeth ; ' it isn't a mile, and they have got the range.' Again the puff and the whizzing shock. I closed my eyes and held my breath hard. The explo sion was so close that the pieces of shell seemed driven across my face, and my ears quivered with the sound. I looked at Lowe, to see if he was struck. He had sprung to his feet, and clutched the cordage frantically. ' Are you pulling in there, you men !'* he bellowed, with a loud imprecation. 'Puff! bang ! whiz-z-z-z ! splutter !' broke a third shell j and my heart was wedged in my throat. I saw at a glimpse the whole bright landscape again. I heard the voiceB of soldierB below, and saw them running across fields, fences, and ditches to reach our anchor age. I saw some drummer boys digging in the field beneath for one of the buried shells. I saw the waving of signal flags, the commotion through the camps — officers gal loping their horses, teamsters whipping their mules, regiments tnrning out, drams beaten, and batteries limbered up. I remarked, last of all, the site of the battery that alarmed us, and, by a strange sharpness of sight and sense, believed that I saw the gunners swabbing, ramming, and aiming the pieces. ' Puff! bang ! whiz-z-z-z ! splutter I crash ! ' ' Puff ! bang ! whiz-z-z-z ! splutter ! crash ! ' ' My God ! ' cried Lowe, hissing the words slowly and terribly, ' they have opened upon us from another battery!' The scene seemed to dissolve. A cold dew broke from my forehead. I grevr blind and deaf. I had fainted.— St. James's Magazine. NoveIi Bale-room. — A ball was given lately by the non-commissioned officers of the Royal Artillery in the Snow Palace. It is constructed in the Grothic style of architecture, and is perfectly unique ; the ceiling is supported by large pillars of ice, which ruu parallel with each other. Adjoining the ball-room, are four smaller rooms, three used as dressing rooms and one as a refreshment-room, all built of the natural production — ice. The ball was attended with all the success that could be desired. Dancing was kept up until 12 o'clock in the most spirited manner. Several officers of the line and active militia were present, and all arrived at the same con clusion, that the ball exceeded their most sanguine expectations. — Quebec Mercury. A man in London has got so deep in debt that no one of his creditors has been abla to see him foj; mouthy 