HUNTING. TUB PBAHBA1T BEACtLE*. Dbab Bbli,,— As tha M.H..C. pack hud bee* showing the good folks of Kllmoro a bit of sport on the Thursday, la reward for their spirit in getting up s day's first-class tteeplochnilng, too habitues and lovers of hunting would havo had to ' nite their nailn' in idUness last Saturday, bnt for the little beigles. Determined, therefore, t« offjrd a little fun to hit custom; ry fol loWOrS. Mr. WatBOn ftHBnmpd tnr tlin nnnun tbo mattorshlp of this tir.y pack, and a Btronir muster of horsemen, accompanied by seTerfi of tho fair sex, assembled early in tba fiftornooD, at St. Kilda 1'nrk Gotc. Most of tho crack hunters were out, but the riilers appeared in mufti, it not being doomed correct tor appear in full costume, exoopt for tho regular hounds. Of course, thero was no secret made aa to tba intended ppin being a drag, with a bagman at the finish, so tho only subj-Kit of talk was tvbeie it would start, what fine would bo taken, whether tbe fencis would be very numerous and vcrj stiff, and how far from home they would loava oft. Not muoh Mmo, however, was allowod to be wasted in doubt; for, whilst proceeding down Ilia Alma road, the littlo 'uns BudJenly diohtd away through the fence on tbo left, and were away soroaming liko furii s before you could eay'Jacs Robiuwin.' Ovor sall9 Mr. Watsen on Jumbo, and over, through, or turning toil, are his half a hundred of f ollo»er«. In a direct line over the numerous enclosures, towards the Mount Erioa-, ?nd Wattle Treo, the miniature hnnf. dashea along, the leadere topping all hindrances Ilka birds, and the less able or skilful ama»hing tho fi nooB in all directions, until scarce any. sound! were heard but a chorus. of tho hcsgles, with ? running aocoinpaniment of .cracking posts and tailf. Qoadruped add hiped kopi going down in all direction!', and frantio as vain were tho con stant Bhouts of ' Catch my horBe.' No u -m»(;e accrued, thongb, norsa than icratchos and dirty clothe*, anil tlm chevy finally ce»«ed. after a right merry sDin, not far from the Wattle Tree. Th» return hone w»n put the old kennels/ nnd be auro that tho very Biiiht of thero cnusod so many n plessant yarn to be spun of old times, that the road back to town was shortened in n ratio that would puzzle Euclid or any other mathematician to define. NIMKOD'd GHOST. Stao Hunt at Oatlasds (v\D.L.)— (From tho Mercury.)— On Friday last, tha townshlpof Oatlauds was ncain enlivened by the turn out «I the Melton Mowbray leattlo, with tho intention of hunting a stag, then pris-rior in the gaol at tbo above township. Shortly after oleven o'clock a hundred hor«otren, and twice- that nninber of pedestrians, of all ?gc», grades, and.' nexta, aB3emblcd to witness tbe enlargement of onr antlcred game, whon a line was formed to head him towards tbo aoitthcrn sido of (!atlarjd», 00 tbe belief that tho best hunting ground lay in ? bat direction. But this dH not meet his idrad, for having resolved on steering his cnunvj in the opposite direction, the sight of tho«e formidable weapons of bfs soon cleared a psseogo, overturn ing tho crowd liko so mnny acrobat*, Croisinp; the lagoim behind the township, he gained tbe btiBh, and after running three or four miles, he ' gave up the ghost,' amidst the excited pcroaras of his half-mad pursuers, which rauscd tba forest to ring kgain with echoed merriment. Tbe party wero then conducted by ono of their present field in quest of ' native game,' when, after a trot of a couple of mile?, their nxpecta ilons were crowned with Buccoes, and hones, hounds, and huntsmen were soon neck or nuthing ou the heels of a splendid buck kangaroo, who, after srua of »!x miles, yielded to his pur-ne» with n a hundred yards of Mr. Wilson's bones at Jericho, when the air was again rent with (?creaming cries of delight. Just previous to the finish of the run, tbe hounds coparatcJ, and part of tbe field only followed, an* killed of tcr lislf an ' hour's run. On reaching Ontlmdn.it was said tint eomo unprincipled ncoundicl had shot an old friend, Nugget, one of tt« hounde; but it was added, nut inurning, that there ia ov»ry proba bility of his rconvery. — FuNNVBOY. Thk Geklono Hunt.- (From the Advertistr of \Yednesd\y),— The cold peltina tain, which Cfcme down in buokcUful almost, now nnd thon, nud the bitter bilirgaouth-i-anter t: nt blow fiercely yejtordny morning, daunted tho hearts of teveral of thoao gentlemen who had determined on attending the rat ct»t the Buck's Head, Drys dalc, and. tbe oonn-qiionce was the small number, but soleot quality, or'aix sportariien, m't tofdlow tho hoimds. Those horsemen wore all in pink— of the right sort— and cared little fur 'How it blew or how it anew.' After partaking of o bcnrljf breakfast at host WlgginB's, tbe licit!, which, towards midday was increasod to near a score, tried WIllIamaon'H paddock, and cast round foe threo quartern rf nn hour, when, Kudd-nly, a strange hound, that had been lout to tha hunts man,- broke off in full cry, tho otter members of tho pock apparently wondering what wia wrong with the stranger, ns no:hing tickled their olfactory organs ; although, cs if nsh.-imtd of not joining in the chorus an musically led ofl by their friend, they did now and then blurt oat a little niu-tic. Attor n run of about ten minutes, young llollen came to grief in a nasty ditch, uealy killing hia horse, and a scarlet cont roiled into lho«nmo mess. It was horo discovered that iho younu follow who bad llrnt come togrief lud drawn n drug thnt morning, »nd thusha'l led Hid RtrangeV hound off. Notwithstanding that ho hud been protty well punished by oominc to mothor earth, iho chairman of tho club, who happened to be present, rated hiai m-nt severely for hia enduct. 1'rocooding from tldj.to MalnHclitV ].ndiloek, nn 'oU man' was slghlfil, and the pack now broke Into full cry after le^itimata g\me. The qnntry took tho dirccliun of St. Leonard's, nnd led tho field by far tho finest burst of the senBOn — a run ol ono hour and three qur.rtorB nearly— ? over Borne capital fenced, when the pack suddenly cune to & check. While trying book, n flyer started, and ran right into the pack, a'numbec of the dogs making fruitless efforts tj luoaili her, as ahe hopped away out from among I hum. The paok went away airain in full cry, thn doe lend ing them townriJB the Salt Lake, and fr. m there clofe on to St. Leonntd's, where it was considered nocossnry to call a halt; and a geaieral ' shout all round' at the hotel wm onlv too glaily re» ponde I tn, and d.no full justice to. Tbe Hold (now hall-pn»t four) rctunicil tn tha Duck's. Head, whero nsubstnntiul dinner awaited tiietr;, nnd did not reach tnwn till near uiue o'tlooli,. after decidedly Ibo finest hunt . ver 11 .id with the Ueelong hnunda. Tho groumJ was rather sloppy, but, on tho whole, not badridingcounlry, and thero woro aoveraj spillers durlugthc day. 