CURRENT TOPICS. The nomination of a Councillor for Bellerine "Ward vie? Mr Si'lders, resigned, took place yes terday at the Inspector's Office in »he General Market, the Mayor presiding. Mr William Ashmore, an ex member of the Town Council, and Mr William Carpenter, ccnchbuilder, Mar ket Square, were nominated, and the show of hands being in favor of the last natned gentle man, Mr Ashmore retired, and Mr Carpenter was declared duly elected. About fifty persons were present. "We learn that the Orderly Booms will be left open for the enrolment of volunteers for New Zealand until to-morrow (Wednesday), at two o'clock, p ra. On the following day Colonel Pitt and the Hon- Dillon Bell will sail for New Zealand with the last batch of the volunteers. Our respected townsman Mr "William Fraser accompanies them. The lecture upon Professor Pepper's Ghost at the Mechanics' Institute is announced for redelivery to-night. The Thca're Royal melo-dramatic Ghost drew a tolerably good bouse again last night. The performance improves upon acquaintance, and is announced for repetition to-night. The attendance at the Temperance H3II last ■ night was very good considering the state of the I weather and the streets. A match at football between the G^elongand Melbourne clubs is fixed for Saturday next, in Richmond paddock. We are glad to learn that it is the intention of : the Geeljng Troop of the Prince of Wales Light Hor3e to mark the esteem in which tb^y hold Acting- Lieutenant William Fraser by pre senting him with a sword, previous to his de parture for New Zealand. The time for the presentation of the Bame has not been fixed yet, but it must be either this or to-morrow afternoon. We hope to see him and his sword soon back again, feeling assured we shall not look on an I unstained blade of stee- if an honorably oppor tunity present* for reddening it, " The Peoples'Institute " is the designation given to a building in Yarra- street, long known as Hutton's Auction Ronm. The place has been furbished up, a platform erected, a gallery built, and the gas laid on, and last night a tea meeting was held there to inaugura'c a new phase of the Temperance movement. At the elocutionary and musical entertainment subse quent to the soiree, Mr Charles Read took the chair, supported by Mr J. M. Garratt, Mr Costaio, and others whose connectijn with the Temperance cause i3 well known. The object of the new movement was at once avowed by the Chairman in a few " temperate" remarks upon the Sober Concerts, which the speaker characterised as " vulgar and demoralising exhibitions," adding that the temperance cause should be upheld to something nobler and more intellectual than tap-room music. He tben proceeded to point out that the People's Insti tute had been opened for the purpose of af fording an opp rtuuity to the friends of temperance to advance the cause by rational means. A gentlemau followed who avowed himself a member of the Free Wesleyan Church. He delivered a long but very amusing speech, in which, however, he made some rather un christian remarks about certain individuals who had spoken disparagingly of " white chokers and psalm grinders," suggesting that a halter would be too good treatment for such pro fanity. Tho proceedings were then varied by the singing of a Mrs Young and a Mr Taylor, the latter of whom in singing a temperance song toan operatic air acknowledged very fairly that he was rather 41 roupy." Mrs Thomas followed in a remarkably able and eloqui nt address up^n " Temperance, and the debasing effects of iu toxicants," and after a few other ad dresses, mostly upon the same theme, were delivered by various speakers, the proceedings terminated. Another most pitiful case came before the Police Court yesterday morning, in which a respectable looking elderly female, charged with lunacy, and her sou, about nine years of age, chaiged with vagraucy, were both remanded fur seven d ija. The story of the family is a sad tale, sadly told. The husband of the woman was a drunkard, and at first neglected, and finally deserttd his sacred trust About three months ago the eldest daughter—not quite sixteen years of age—died in one of the lowest broth*la'in town while being confined of twins. The next child to her—a girl—has been tak^n by a respectable family, and, we hope, ssved from a similar fate to that of her unfortuna-e siBter * and yesterday the mother and son wore charged—the former with lunacy and tho latter with vagrancy—and both were remanded (or seven days So much for the spread of Chris tianity among a Christian people. We refer our readers to the polico report of the case of Mrs Mason and her son. At the District Court, Melbourne, before Mr I^Jackett, M.P., and Messrs O'Brien, and Ben craft, J.P's. Mr James Keene, surgeon, ap peared to show cause why he should not obey an order of the Court to pay 35s per week to his wife, Margaret Keene, together with four weeks' accumulated arrears. Mr Aspinall ap peared in support of the order, 'and X)r Sewell to show cause. The order of the court having been produced, the learned Doctor intimated to the bench that he should be in a position to prove that the plaintiff bad forfeited every claim upon his client from frequent acts of adulterous iutercourse, and from haviog lived as a common prostitute. ' The first evidence callnd was that of the . husband, who stated thai his name was James Keene, and was a medical practitioner in Collins-street. He had not lived with his wife for four years, incompatibility of temper being the primary eause. Had left Iter in England well provided; for, but she . had man aged through his -attorney to follow him outhere, quite contrary to his intention or instruction. Upon her arri val Bh*'displayed certain "airs," which pre vented him admitting her to his house.. He j admitted having been ordered to pay first 50s j per week f< r her support, which subsequently j had been reduced to 353. This he objected to pay in consequence of what had occurred on the 27th ult, the substance of which was 'hat from the nature of several letters he had received as to his wife's conduct at her residence at Prahran; more especially with a Mr Leckjenhy, he did nob feel justified in continuing the allow ance. About four o'clock on the morning of that date, he proceeded in company of two friends and an fx detective to Prahran; pre vious to that he had seen two persons enter the house; shortly afterwards one returned, and at 4 o'clock, in order to satisfy bis suspicions, they bit upon the expedient of getting some combustible article known as " yellow fire," which they placed in a vtssel attached to a paling or post, and after igniting the same hoisted it in front of the the room in which his wife was sleeping, and called out . " Fire." A window was then broken, the blind removed, the reflection of two bulls' eye lanterns thrown in the sleeping apartment, and Mr Leckenby and Mis Keeno discovered in the same bed. The Doctor appeared to take the matter very philpsophically, and then re tired, "simply observing _ to . his,amateur de tectives "You have seen enough, I hope," or words to that effect. Mr Aspinall severely cross-examined him on his philosophic dispo sition, and strongly animadverted on the bus band.who would indulge in such an expedition to prove his wife's dishonor, and publish his family's disgrace,for the paltry Baying of 35s per week. The witness was also catechised as to the first cause of these domestic differences and whether on improper intimacy had not existed between him and a servant girl before leaving England, the result of . which was that the allegation was positively denied. The learned counsel pressed him on this point, and the cUrk of the bench was ordered to take his answers down. Another witness besides those »who accompanied Mr K«ene on his nocturnal expedition was called, who stated that he was a shipping cleik and had met Mrs Keene in a cab. and on two subsequent occasions had gone home with her believing her to be a common prostitute. After some sight discussion during which Mr Aspinall stated that he was not pre pared to go cn with the case in face of the Inst witness' evidence, and should like to make some enquiry as to its trustworthiness; he asked for a remand which was granted, until Monday next. Singularly enough no two telegrams agree ex- \ actly as to the projected New South TVal«s j tariff; we do not regard obvious clerical1 or instrumental errors, but essentials. The, following as given in the Argus seems to be the most complete:—Increase on colonial postage, double; bills of exchange under L50 i and under L10O, 2s; on bank notes, 1J per cent; cheques, Id each: boots and sho-a, 6s per dozen pairs ; candles, Id p°rlb; cards (play ing), 21s per dozen packs ; carpets, 3d a yard ; carriages (four wheeled), L5 each; do (two wheeled), L2 10s each; cement, 2s per barrel; confectionary and preserves, 2d p«r lb ; corks, 3d per lb ; dried fruits, nurs, and almonds. 10s per cwfc; hops, 20s per cwt; malt, 61 per bushel; musical instruments—grand pianofortes, L5 each ; upright or square do L2 10s each ; bar nrmiums 10s e:>ch stop; concertinas, nccor deons, and flutiua*, 2s 6d each ; brass instru ments, 9d per lb; oil 3d per gallon; plate—gold, 203 per ounce; silver, 1b perour.ee; pickles, preserved in vinegar. Is per gallon ; pepper and spictp, 3d per lb; rice, 1,5 per ton ; salt, 20s per ton ; ships, on registration thereof, Is per ton; silk or satin, 5s per lb; soap per lb; varnish, containing any quantity of spirit, 6s per gallon ; watches and clocks—gold watches, 5s each; Bilver do, 2a 6d each ; clocks, 2s Od each ; wood and timber, 1« the load cf 50 cubic feet; vtnegir, Gd per gallon. Increased duties of Customs—On ale, porter, and beer, from Id in wood and 2d in bottle, to 3d per gallon ; coffee and chicory, from 2d to 3 1 per pound; wine, from 2s to 33 per gallon. On goods ex ported—On every entry of goods shipped for drawback, 103, and on sufferance wharfs. IVe gather from our South Australian files that the Ministry there excite considerable amusement by their theory and practice in re gard to responsible government. The ministry pocket all affronis, maintain a atolid equanimity 1 under palpable defeat, and when jocularly ! twitted with their disinclination to take a hint I pin their retention of office to some unimpor | tant motion of course, which if carried they | construe aa a complimentary vote of confidence One of these fishing motions waa that the house should meet on a certain day half an hour after the usual time; the ministry declaring that they would regard defeat as indicating want of con fidence. t>f course nobody cared to combat the ministerial whim, and the motion was agreed to. The weither throughout South Australia had been unusually wet, and floods prevailed to the slight injury of the crops in some places. Considerable activity is shown in schemes for profitably occupying new country. A fresh exploring expedition on an economical scale into irno man's land" lying between the old South Australian boundary and Swan Biver ,V18 being organised, at joint public and nriv,f,. xpenie. * >aM The firat annual meeting of the V;„i„ • Deaf and Dumb Institute, was held in m'4? bourne, on Friday night. The hall of theVe ebauici' Institute where the meeting was held was quite filled His Excellency the Governor presided, and Lady Barltly was also present The mute iutmtes of the Institution * numb-r, were ranged 0:1 the platform LV one aide, girls on the other. They hfok^ healthy, and all had a tuly well cared for an pearance. The Secretary rcnl the annua'rT port, embodying the following facts : The ' tution was still under the management offr' and Mis Rose The objects contemplated wer —first, the giving of instruction suited to tb» deaf and dumb ; and, secondly, the maintoaan° and education of those deaf and dumb h'l dren whoso friends were unable to pavth required fees. Thus, the institution now conS siated of twenty-six children, all of whom h d madeprogresH consistent with their individu\l intelligence and aptitude. The demands on th institution had, during the year, greatly • ° creased, and the committee had exerted it»"]f much to relieve it3clf, one of its efforts being an application to the Charitable Institutions Committee of the L gislative Assembly, which had resulted in Government rid to the'ext^s of L250. Thp house used at present was in Nelson street, Windsor, but it was small, and a bet'er and larger building was b.-ing looked for • and one of the first duties of the committee about to be appointed would be to select a site on which the Government could make a grant of land for a suitable building to be erected ex. pressly foi the institution. The examination of the children followed the reading of the report Tho teacher, himself a mute, appeared thoroughly conversant with his duties, se veral children went through a variety of i'ntel* leetual exercises, answering questions on gene ral subjects, physics, and atithinetic, bv writing an a black board. Some of the replies w-re rery quaint and amusing, and the audience were loud in their applause, both of the child ren and Mr Ruse. A c dlection was made at the close of the meeting and a considerable sum waa rcalis d. The principal item of news in the Tastnanian papers by the Black Swan relates to the Latin ceston and Deloraitie raihvey. Alter a very long debate a modification in the proposals was carried, which the Hobart Town journal-! main tain amounts to an entire rejection of ths scheme, but we cannot so regard it. The ori ginal proposition was, that the Government should not proceed to construct the stid railway until -'a majority of the landholders" ot the defined railway district should have authorised them to do so, and had bound themselves for the payment of tho whole of the interest on any loan for the purpose that might be contracted. The adopted alteration was, the substitution of the words "three-fourths of the freeholders" for " a majority of the landholders " The Hobart Town papers say that this alteration knocks the whole affair on the head for this session at least; but the project is essentially a Launee3ton one and never was favorably re. garded on the Hobart Town side. The gold-fields journals of late teem with accounts of an unusual numher of serious and often fatal accidentB from falling in of drives. In one day's batch of exchange papers we find three such accidents recorded. At Beechworth two men were working in a drive, when about a ton of earth fell from the roof. One of the men named Smith, had some of his ribs broken and an arm frightfully lacerated. The other sprained his ankle, but otherwise escaped. The second accident, involving loss of life, occurred at St. Arnaud._ A miner named Edward Hall was working in a claim in Armenian Guily, with his mate, down a hole from fifteen to twenty feet in depth, and he proceeded to knock down a pillar which had supported an old drive, with out the precaution of propping, when a mass of earth fell upon him, and extrication was im possible until life had completely gone. The third ond last accident wo have to record oc curred at the Malakoff, where one person was killed and another had hts spine fractured. A miner named William ICeily was working with two of his mates. A considerable portion of the claim had been driven out without the pre caution of timbering, and about noon a large piuoe of earth f 11 upon til" three diggers who were below, killing William Kelly and fracturing the spine of his companion, Thomas Bodger. The third man escaped, but not without many bruises. Bodger now lies in the hospital in a very precarious state, the nether part of his body boiog, as is usual in such cases, paralysed. The Crestvick Mining Report for last week states that one party of thtee, working in New Chum Gully divided L124 for the week's work; the find including a six' ounce nugget. At Avoca last week a 44 oz nugget was purchased by Mr Kelly, a storekeeper. The nugget was found about Avoca somewhere, but the exact locality was not stated. A sixty-nine ounce nugget was last week unearthed from the Great Extended Company's claim, Ballarat. 