MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1863 Colonel Pitt need be under no ap- prehension about the success of his mission. It is not unlikely, indeed, that he will suffer from an embarras de richesse, and that he will be perplexed with the number of applicants for the shilling. In spite of the national repu- tation with which Napoleon stamped the English character, there are occasions when the blood of an Englishman courses along the channel of his veins as rebel liously as any Frenchman's. The New Zealand war is just one of them. The savage is showing itself in the Maori character with horrible distinctness. All the native treachery and bloodthirstiness are coming into active play as naturally as though a missionary had never visited the shores of the northern island. The accounts we published on Saturday read like a leaf torn from the gloomy history of Cawnpore and Delhi. The mur- ders of poor Calvert and COOPER, consummated by the roasting of the latter victim's body, tell of a spirit that might have been nurtured in the camp of the Nana Sahib him- self. It is scarcely to be wondered that the cry for vengeance has gone forth from the settlers, and that the local press talks about extermination in very Scipio-liko language. From its tone, indeed, the visitors to Colonel Pitt's office may be satisfied of a very hearty welcome from the country, upon any terms. That the terms which have been offered officially to volunteers willing to enroll their names under the published conditions will be repudiated in sober truth by thet 'New Zealand Government, is simply a thing impossible. That Government has too much the best of the bargain voluntarily to break it. Irrespective of the policy of obtaining a military settlement in the end, with the prospect of immediate relief out of their difficulty, there is one other consi- deration which must weigh with the authorities at Auckland yet more stre- nuously. We have seen of what material the local volunteers now doing duty at Drury and elsewhere are composed. It is obvious that, with all its machinery thus absorbed into the field, trade and commerce is in peril of utter prostration. The probable destiny of the imported volunteers will accord- ingly be at once to the front, while the local militia will fall back to supply the very pressing necessities which their sudden withdrawal from their ordinary avocations have created. With regard to the reported repudiation, we do not think it requires much ingenuity to ac- count for it. The rumour probably took its origin in a hasty conclusion, that because the Government offer to non- local volunteers was framed or promul- gated first, the scheme was not to he extended to the resident militia, in which case, as we gather from an extract given on Saturday, it was in- tended to throw every obstacle in the way of the Government fulfilling its promises. The scheme itself, as we have shown, carries on the face of it an air of unmistakable honesty. It is, in fact, too politic not to be bona fide, and those who would take advantage of its terms may be satisfied they will not be disappointed in their just expectations. Their own duties and prospects we need not comment on. They will have seen that the Waikato is no battle-field for carpet-knights, and that if much is promised them, very much is also ex- pected of them. One thing Colonel Pitt will not fail to impress on the minds of those candidates who as yet are innocent of a rifle and the goose- step, and that is, the necessity of subordination in the strictest sense of the martinet. Though Major Wyatt's demeanour towards the Papakura militia may have been a little too demonstrative, there can be no doubt that General Cameron had good reason for sending him on the embassage with which he was charged. The poverty of equipment and organization generally was probably irritating enough to the citizen soldier whose experience in the streets of Auckland did not include the toils of trenching and escort duty on snowy nights. But no amount of mouldy biscuit warranted, in camp at least, the exhibition of the English privilege of grumbling. It is impossible to glance at the newspapers of the place without recognizing that a very fatal encouragement has been afforded for the rawest recruit to make known his griev- ances or his criticisms. We need not say that such conduct is creditable to no one concerned in it, and that no true soldierly instinct would show any sym- pathy with a breach of etiquette so flagrant. The contribution that Victoria makes to the war will be watched with special interest, and it will be a task we shall not easily forego to chronicle with satisfaction the exploits of that contingent in the New Zealand struggle which we would suggest should at once be officially recognized as the Victorians. It is more than likely that the contingent in ques- tion would have been numerically stronger had terms less stringent, even though, they might be less attrac- tive, been offered by the Auckland Government. There are many, doubtless, whom a six months' campaign, with the prospect of a return to the banks of the Yarra, would have enticed into volunteering, and who, under the exist- ing conditions, are loth to pledge them- selves to a state of life for which they may be naturally unfitted. We believe, too, we are giving expression to the feel- ings of some who are willing to volunteer, and are deterred from the step, from a very patriotic disinclination to leave their families a permanent tax on the benevo- lence of the country. Of such motives their country has a very grateful appre- ciation. By a reference to another column, it will be seen that Colonel Pitt has been authorized to make the usual pro- vision for those who may be incapacitated by the casualties of war. But it cannot bo disguised that movements involving the emigration of heads of houses are not subjects for pure and unmixed congratulation. The magistrates who dis- pense the vagrancy act can bear testi- mony to the sort of legacy which such movements bequeath to the community. The present occasion is not the first on which New Zealand has disturbed the balance of our population. We mean no unwillingness to help her in her ex- tremity, when we express a wish, for her sake and for our own, that it will be the last. It is time Maori wars should cease to be matter of contemporary his- tory. The story of the arrest and condemn- ation of Mr. VALLANDIGHAM by the Federal Government may serve to illus tiato the spirit which actuates the North in its piesent struggle for dominion over the Southern States The theory on which the sympathy of Englishmen used to be claimed for the Northern cause in this war, it ia clear, is no longer tenable. This was a struggle, wo wero required to believe, in which the one side re- presented freedom and civilization, and the other barbarism and slavery. The North was said to be fighting to maintain those great principles of human progress, of which tho Union had hitherto been the most shining exemplar. A long edu- cation in the practice of democracy was supposed to have brought the American people to tho highest degree of refine- ment, as to what constituted true liberty in this imperfect world. Europe might continue to be sunk in the lowest depths of despotism ; but in America at least there was to be found one people to show us of what the Anglo-Saxon race was capable when freed from the influ- ence of kings and aristocracies. For a long time the delusion was maintained that the Union was the only home of true freedom—that democratic insti tutions, fairly established and allowed full play, were the only corrective to those follies and abuses which in England and other despot-oppressed countries had broken out in various shapes of kings and courts, a privileged aristocracy, a national debt, and a standing army. But Mr. Lincoln's Government seems destined to confound all the eulogies of its admirers, and all the calculations of the democratic philosophers. Exposed for the first time, to that rude ordeal through which all European nations have had to pass, the democracy of the North has shown how little superior it is to the rivals which, for the last ninety years it has been engaged in contemning and reviling. The hour of trial has exhi- bited the people of the Northern States or the majority of them, as certainly no better than the worst of the old world despotisms.- They have waged war with a rancour, an unscrupulousness, and a profligacy, such as Europe has not wit- nessed for tho last two centuries. They have shown, in turn, all the worst pas- sions, all the follies and weaknesses, of which despotisms have hitherto been held to have the exclusive monopoly. They have proved that they have lost even that instinctive reverence for English ideas of individual freedom which they had derived from their European an- cestry. If we desire to have a picture of a war in its worst form, where can we look for a more striking one than in America? If we wish to see a whole people groaning under the most brutal of despotisms where shall we find anything to match the people who obey Mr. Lincoln's decrees ? What military tyranny was ever more base or more degrading—what submission more vile and despicable, than in tho Federal States of America at this hour ? It is not only that they have trampled under foot the vcrv first principles of British freedom and British order—that they have restricted the liberty of tho Press, put a bar on freedom of opinion, abolished Habeas Corpus, and established a form of absolutism over their own people, as pure and direct as that which Aus- tria exercises over Hungary, or Russia over Poland. There may be some excuse for a nation engaged in protecting its own existence against a foreign enemy, or in maintaining a dubious struggle against a powerful aggressor. But what apology can be offered for the conduct of the Federal Government in regard to the case of Mr. VALLANDIGHAM ? "What more striking evidence can be given to the world, not only that the Union is gone, but that the great Free Republic has gone with it—at least as regards thoso states over which Mr. Lincoln is governor, and in whose armies Generals Hooker and Burnside are leaders ? The crime for which Mr. Vallandigham, a senator of Ohio and one of the most illustrious citizens of the West, has been dragged from his bed at midnight, tried before a military tribunal, and banished from the country, was simply that of uttering certain opinions in a public meeting in a town of his own state, against policy of Mr. Lincoln's Government Mr. Vallandigham is accused of nothing worse than saying that the Union was not to bo restored by war-of deprecating the rejection of the offer of European mediation-and of protesting against the continuance of the struggle in the spirit in which it was conducted by Mr. Lincoln's Government. For this, Mr. Vallandigham has been treated just as an Austrian citizen might be treated for declaiming against the occupation of Venice, and perhaps a little worse than M. Billault would treat a Frenchman who should deny to the Emperor the right of controlling the liberties of France. Mr. Lin coln has refused to this political opponent of his even the common privilege of Habeas Corpus. Seized by order of General Burnside, Mr. Vallandigiiam appealed to the state judicature of Ohio ; but the judges of Ohio were by far too faithful to the system which created them to offer any | resistance to the prevailing power. Mr. Vaxlandigham's sentence was indeed commuted by the President from im- prisonment for life to banishment to the Confederate States ; but as Confederates will not have him, the Ohio senator only falls from the frying- pan into the fire. It is difficult, in reading this story, to realize the fact that wo are dealing with a people who claim to be descended from the Anglo-Saxon stock, and to be inspired with English ideas of law and freedom. We should have a long way to go back in the annals of England to find a parallel to such a case. The Government of the younger Pitt, in the early days of the French Revolution, and in tho midst of the terror excited by the active propagan dism of the Directory, did nothing half so bad as what Mr. Lincoln has done to this American citizen. In our own days, we have had an example of a great and popular orator who devoted all tho weight of his character and the force of his genius, to a furious and uncompro- mising denunciation of the war which the English people was waging against a powerful enemy. He spared no in- vectives against tho cause which was the cause of the people. He ap- plauded and defended, on several public occasions, and before large audiences, the policy which the mass of the English nation was steadily bent upon thwarting. And yet, what man, in all England, ever conceived the idea of putting John Bright into prison, or of restricting lum in his freedom of speech ? What news paper was there that did not report his speeches-what audience that did not give him a patient hearing ? Even sup- posing that the Ministry of the day had been foolish enough, out of excess of pa- triotism, to have arrested Mr. Bright what judge could have been found in England to refuse him the right of Habeas Corpus ? If it is said that tho cireumstances aro somewhat different between England in the Russian war and tho Federal States m their contest with the South, the differ- ence cannot amount to anything hko an excuso for the conduct of Mr. Lincoln's Government. Whether the -war is a foreign or a domestic one, cannot affect tho general principle, which, in free countries, prompts,us to afford free speech to all. If anything, the English Government had a stronger motive for gagging Mr. Bright than tho Federals had for banishing Mr. Yallandigham.' Mr. Union r, in the views that ho expressed, was opposed to the whole body of the English people. He did .not offend any one class or section of opinion, but the senti- ment of the whole nation. He might reasonably have been accused of unpatriotism, and there is no doubt that his conduct, both immediately before and during the war, did afford consider- able help and encouragement to our enemies, and did damage the character and obstruct the policy of his country. Mr. Vallandigham, however, in what he said at Knoxville, spoke the opinions of a very large section of Federalists. He is one of the leading members of one of the two great parties in the Union-of a party which is only a little less numeiically strong than the party of Mr. Lincoln. He uttered nothing else than what is uttered every day in those Btates where the Democrats are the majority. His party may be in the ascendant in a few weeks, and it is probable that its ascendancy will utterly alter the whole complexion of affairs, if it does not entiiely reverse the policy of the North. The war, also, though nominally a civil war, is in îeality a struggle between two nationalities geographically distinct. It is not as if there were any Confederates in the North or any Federals in the South. Nor is there any conceivable sort of influence which Mr. Vallan digham's opinions can exercise over the minds of the enemies of his own people. Doubtless, ho may influ- ence public opinion in the North by his speeches, but is this the sort of influ- ence wMch it is the purpose of Mr. Lincoln's Government to prevent or destroy 1 LI so, theu it is idle to speak of the democracy of the North as bound any longer by the principles and obliga- tions which, in the English mind at least, are attached to the name of liberty. By the Ornoo, Captain M'Lacblan, which arrived in the bay yesterday momiug, we have our files from Otago to the 11th instant. The journals contain distnssiDg accounts of the loss of lifo that bos occurred in the Lake district from land slips, the lakes and rivers having been enormously swollen in volume Toy the heavy rains that had fallen. The escort from tho Dunstan had brought down only some 3,272oz. of gold, and, in place of weekly, it is in futuio to bo fortnightly only. For tho benefit of intending volunteers, we state, with authority, that Colonel Pitt is the only agent itccreditcd by the Auckland Go- vernment. After an interval of threo weeks, an ordinary meeting of the City Council will be held this afternoon, at the usual hour. The notice paper contuiLS no items likely to involve much, discussion. One of the orders of the day will b;ing before the council an address proposed to bo adopted for presentation to His Excellency the Governor on his departure from the colony. Councillor Wragge's motion will also ba dialt with, to the effect thnt the city surveyor be instructed to prccure from Castlemaine a quantity of flagging similar to the sample deposited in tho Town-hall yardi not to exceed in value £25, for the purpose of being laid on some of the footpaths of the city where much traffic occurs, with the view of testing its durability and fitness for ttreet pavements. The remainder of the business is of the ordinary routine description. A burglary was perpetrated tit an early hour yesterday morning at the shop of Mr. Thomas Calvert, poulterer, at the Eastern Market. Entrance was effected by means of breaking a pane of glass in the skylight, and then tho street door waa opened from the inside. A large iron safe (Milner's patent, No. 61,003), weighing four hundredweight, was removed from the premises. It contained three J£5 notes, ten sovereigns, a remarkable half-crown of ancient date, anda German tilver .« atch of Frenc.lt maiiufaotuie, No. 2,320. Tho pro- perty is all identifiable, except the notes and sovereigns. A petition will be presented to the Governor to day, at the meeting of the Executive Coun- cil, praying for a, commutation of the sentence of death on Robert Guest, signed by n largo number of influential citizens, including thirty-five members of Parliament, nine civic councillors, forty-four of the medical profes- sion, the prosccutrix, and eleven of the juiy men who eat on the case. A correspondent says:-"As it ia probable that neither you nor any of your readers ever saw tho treaty of Waitangi, I subjoin a trans- lation of it. The original, which is written in the Maori language, and has 512 signatures affixed to it, is in the office of the Colonial Secretary for New Zealand, at Auckland. Tho translation was made in I860 or 1867, by two gentlemen who were thoroughly conversant with tho language. In a cause in which I was professionally engaged at that time, I had to set out tho original docu- ment in the pleadings, followed by a cor- rect and accurate translation, and for this reason, both translators devoted to their task an unusual portion of their time and atten- tion. The translation is very literal. You will perceive from it that Her Majesty not only guaranteed to the natives of the country all their lands and other property, but that she, in express and unmistakable termB, guaranteed to the chieftains their chieftain- ship', with all their incidents. In other words, tho Maories were, according to the treaty, to be governed by the Queen thiough their chieftains, and not through four or six of the colonists, under the nystem called ' responsible government.' In 1866, when the Maories heard of the contemplated change in the form of government, certain of the Waikato chiefs waited on tho then Go- vernor, and said they had heard of the in- tended chango, and that they objected to it so far aB it affected those of thoir race ; that they had been theretofore accustomed to transact their business with the Governor direct, or with his permanont officers, and that they hoped no change would bo made ; that it was unjust to place them under the legislation of an Assembly, whence they were excluded; and that, if they were to ba governed at all by such a public body, it ought to be hy an Assembly of thoit own countrymon. ' Treaty of Waitangi.-Victoi ia, the Queen of England, regarding with favour the chiefs and tribes of New Zealand, and anxious that thoy should retain their chieftainships and their land, and that peace and good order should subsist nmocg them, has thought it right to send hither a chief to treat with the abori- gines of Kew Zealand, in order that the governorship of the Queen may be recognised by the aboriginal chiefs over all parts of this land and the islands, bocause very many of her people have settled in this land, and many are now coming hither. Now, the Queen wishes to establish a Government, in order that evils may not befall the aborigines, and the foreigners now living without laws. [Now, fk) Queen has been pleased to Bond me, W11-1 ham Hobson, a captain in the Royal Navy, to ] be Governor of all parts of New Zealand which now, or hereafter, may be ceded to the Queen ; and ehe rroposes to the chiefs of the confederated tribes of New Zealand^ and to tho other chiefs, the articles following: 1\. The chiefs of the Confederation, and all the chiefs who havo not become mem- bers of the Confederation, do wholly cede to the Queen of England, for ever the governorship of their teiritorlcs) 2\. The Queen of England confirms and guarantees to the chiefs, and to the tribe?, and to all the peoplo of New Zenbmd, the full chieftainship of their lands, their estates, and all their propeitj ¡ but the chiefs of the Con- federation and all the other chiofB, yield to the Queen the buying of thrse portions of land whioh tho propiietors thereof may bo willing to alienate, according to such rate of payment as may be fixed by tbem and the persons here appointed hy tho Queon to pur- chase for her. 3. And this is the consider- ation of the consenting to the governorship of the Queen-all the aborigines of Now Zealand shall be protected by the Queen of Erjgland; all tho rights and privileges of Englishmen shall be given to them. William Hobson, Consul and Lieutenant- Governor.' Now, we the chiefs of the confederated tribes of New Zealand, we also, the chiefs of New Zealand nnderstgnd the meaning of these words, they are accepted and fully assented to hy us, wherefore our names and our marks are here- unto affixed. Executed .at Waitangi on the sixth day of Ftbruary, in tho year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty." Htre follow the names and maTks of foity six chieftains affixed on the same day. About 160 'other chieftains signed the treaty at various times thereafter. Colonel Pitt's mission of raising a force in this colony for sei vice in Nv.w Zealand is not likely to bo a fallare. Saturday, the first day his office was opened, was devoted to receiving applications from persons desirous of appoint- ments as officers and non-commissioned offi- cers, and no less than sixty-five candidates declared themselvef. In another column will bo found extracts from the Militia Act Amendment Bill, under which the force will be formed. It will bo seeu that penbions for wounds, and in the event of death, are pro- vided. We may state at the same time, that Colonel Pitt does not desire that the regiment should be formed of trained volunteers alone. All who are disposed to accept the liberal con- ditions offered by the New Zealand Govern- ment, however little they may .know of mili- tary matters, are invited to join the foi ce. It La3 lately boan stated that the pit''t commonly known as the "pitcher- plant," possesses oscillent properties as a remedy in small-pox. A correspondent states that specimen is growing at Toorak, and suggests that cuttings might be obtained from it, that experiments as to its usefulness might be made. By tho ship Southern Cres?, of the Black Ball and Eagle lines, which anived from Liveipool on Saturday, have arrived a largo number of paaseDgors, including fifty families (consisting of 160 individuals), from the cotton districts of Lancashire. The fifth lecture, under the auspices of the Flemington Institute, -was delivered on Friday evening last, in the National School-room at that place, hy Mr. J. T. Hinkins, on " The Creation in Connexion with the Antiquity of Man." The chair was occupied by Mr. R. Leake, president of the institute, who an- nounced that the next lecture would be delivered by Dr. Eades, on "The Sense of Touch." At the weekly meeting of tbo Executive Committee of the Immigrants'Aid Society, held on Friday, tho superintendent made the following return :-Number of inmates in the home, as reported lust week, 509 ; ndmitted since, 147; pcrsonB who have received outdoor relief, 72; total relieved, 788\. Dischaigcd from the home during the week, 130. Total at present remaining, 580 ; consisting of-children chargeable to the Government, 383; coses chargeable to the society, 197. Mr. Sturt, P.M., acknowledges the receipt of £2 2a. from Mr. George Haiker.and £1 from Mr. Pattison, as contributions towards tho frequent demands on the City PoliC'.-^fficB poor-box. The M'lvor News states that a miner named Courlck obtained lately two pounds weight of gold, the result of two days' labour in Hayes's Gully, near Heathcote. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Wangaratta wa3 held there on the 17th inst., on the subject of railway communication. The chairman of tho municipality presided. Resolutions were adopted, urging on the Go- vernment of Now South Wales the necessity of constructing a line to connect Albury with the Victorian lines. The proposed line would start from Sandhurst, and pass through Heath- cote, Avenel, Benalla, Wangaratta, and Chil- tern. The match between the Melbourno and the Univoisity Football Clubs, for the Challengo Cup presented by the Caledonian Society, was concluded on Saturday afternoon. Each side had previously obtained one goal, and after a smart half- hour's contestfor the deciding goal it was secured by the Melbourno Club, Bryant being the player who had tho good fortuno to administer tho final kick. The.cup, there- fore, passes out of the possession of tho University Club, at least for the % present season. Though Saturday afternoon was remark- ably wet and gloomy, tho Elswick Rowing Club was not to be baulked in its intentions, and the four-oar scratch matches announced to take place duly came off; the pair-oar matches being postponed for a fortnight. The event wbb somewhat important, from the fact that for tho first time .the modo of racing on the Upper Yarra so often recommended in these columns, namely, I "tail-racing" with "bumping," as practised at Oxford and Cambridge, was adopted. -Tho matches were confined entirely to members of the Elswick Club, the prizes being goblets, known in aquatic circleB as " powters." Four crews were made up, tho captains being Messri. E. M. James, S. Smith, Chapman, and M'Cutcheon, who started in the abovo order, in gigs placed 100 yards apart. In the first heat, there was no bump. In the socond heat' the order of proce5sion was changed, when Mr. Chapman's crew bumped Mr. Smith's. In the third heat Mr. Smith's crow did not pull; and Mr. James' crew bumped Mr. Chapman's. The final heat was,between Messrs. Jamca' and M'Cutcheon's crow.», who pulled side by side, the former winning with ease. Tho names of tho winning crow were Messrs, James (captain), P. Walsh (stroke), Froomes, and Banks. The boats used were the Ata- lanta, Young Australian, and gigs borrowed from the Leander and Melbourne Clubs. Mr. James Edwards officiated as starter. The racing was exceedingly good, and the attend- ance of visitors more than could havo boen ex- pected, The course was from Prince's Bridge to Brandon's Perry, just this sido of the Botanical Gardens ; and the entire success of the new system augurs well for the futnro. There were no cases of ony Interest at c ither the Sandridge or Emerald Hill Police Courts on Saturday. At the Richmond Police Court on Saturday) a man named Joseph Bindon was brought up on remand from the 17th, charged with having attempted to commit suicide. It ap- peared that the attempt, if the man had really any serious intention of terminating his existence, was made in consequence of a mis- understanding with his sweetheart, tho latter having intimated her desire to transfer her affections to some othorlover. The magi«trates wae satisfied that tho prisoner would not repeat the folly, and discharged him with a caution. Mr. J. D. Pinnock and Mr. M'Crao were the presiding magistrates. The New Zealander of the 24th of July says :-" The despatch of General Oamoron to His Excellency tho Governor gives full details of the attack upon the native position at Koheroa on the 17th inst. General Cameron, with the modesty of a brave soldier, abstains from mentioning his own share in the honour of that day, and leaves to others to record how much of tho success was due to his own presence and fearless personal example." A young man named Exshaw, employed in the Bank of Victoria at Marj borough, has b:en committed for trial thero, on a charge of ombf zzlinc; moneys the property of the bank. We havo our files from Hobart Town to the 19th and Launceston to the 20th instant. At Hobart Town, tho volunteer movement for New Zealand was likely to draw a consider- able number c finen to the asaistanco of the New Zealand Government. The sixth of the tiial contests, preliminary to the selection of the ten champion Vic- torian riflemen, took place at the Sandridge butts on Saturday, and was marked hy the best shooting yet difplayed by the Melbourne competitois. The weather could not ho said to bo unfavourable for shooting, but its in- clemency deterred many of the volunteers who had entered from attending. The ave- rage obtained hy tho best ten ia exactly ninety marks, and the highest score was made by Sergeant Wright, of the Fitzroy Rifle Corps, who secu'od 103 marks. AChiuaman, whos3 name was given on the police sheet as Yew-Hoe, was brought up be- fore the City Court on Saturday, charged with the common Chinese trick of offering spuiious gold for sale. The previous day he took about two or three ounces of this com- modity into the Mont de Piótó, in Elizabeth street, wishing to dispose of it. In answer to inquines, he enid he bad como down from Fryer's Creek, where he had procured the gold. It was at onoa seen by Mr. Fischel, manager of tho establishment, that the gold was not genuine, aud the application of the touchstone confirmed this opinion. The sample consisted of fino flaky grains, whiuh on examination were found to bo differently composed. Someoftbem resisted the test of aquafoitis, and being suljected to assay, were ascertained to be gold r» duced in purity by an admixture of alloy below fifteen carats. The remaining grains which made up the bulk of the sample were simply silver gilt over. The culprit who, it was stated, bad been previously convicted for the same offened, was sent to gaol for three months. It was mentioned that attempted impositions of this kind havo of late been very frequent. The number of visitors to the museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agriculture, and tho arts, during the week ending 22nd August was 388\. The museums ore open to rho public daily (Sundays excepte«!), from ton ajn. till five p.m., in the north Bide of the university. It will bo seen from tha report of the manage, read at a general meetlLg of the conirany, held at Sandhurst on Thursday last, that the affairs of the Victoria Reef Mining Company wear a moro satisfactory appearance than they have done for many months paît. Mining affaira generally on Sandhurst seem to bs improving. A public meeting was held at Wood's Point, Jamieson, on the evening of the 13th inst., Mr. O. P. M'Dougall in the chair, for the pur- pose of petitioning the Government to Ftt apart a sum of money for the purpose of im- proving the track between Jamieson and Wood's Point. After the meeting, about fifty gentlemen connected with claims on the Morning Star Bejf met at suppor, at Mr. Huxley's, when a watch, Buitably inscribed, was presented to Mr. Larard, tho engineer of the prospecting claim. The Queensland Guardian of the 12th inst, has the following paragraph:-"By intelli- gence dated the 21st of July, from the Peak Downs mines, we learn that blocks of Eolid compact malachite, of great beauty, and weighing from three to four hundredweight each block, aro being quarried from ouo of the shafts in those mines. Some exquisite speci- mens are in couise of preparation for presen- tation to Lady Bowen and also to Lady Young." Mr. T. P. Hill's fiist entertainment s'nee his return from New South Wales will be given this evening, in the Mechanics' Institute. The programmo is varied, and the giver of the entertainment deserves the encouingo ment of a numerous audience. The genius of comedy reigned triumphant on Saturday evening at the Theatre Royal, which was well filled in all parts of the house. The entertainniorjt consuted of the good old comic drama (in two acts) of " Charles the Second; or, The Merry Monarch," Sbak spearo's "Taming of the Shrew" (in three acts), and Bnckstone's capital farce (in two acts) of the "Happiest Day of My Life." It is very seldom that enjoyment has ap- peared so universal amongst the audience, and that from first to la=t the even- ing has passed in one continuous round of laughter and applause. But it was so on Saturday night; and it must have cheered the hearts of all old play-goers, and thero were probably many present, to seo the triumph of the legitimate comic clement in the English drama. The threo pieces were each well played throughout, evenly, carefully, and with excellent spirit, showing to much advantage both the skill of the management and the quality of the company. In "Charles the Second," Mr. Lambert well repre- sented that fine old character Captain Copp ; and Mr. Heir as the " Merry Mon- arch," and Mr. Fitzgerald as Rochester, were also quito successful. Miss Ro3a Dann rendered the character of Mary Copp in a very interesting and pleasing mannor ; and Mr. Hope played Edward quietly, and, there- fore, correctly. In the acting version of " The Taming of the Shrew," Mr. Bauy Sullivan was excellent as tho vigorous wooer and deter- mined woman- tamer Petruchio,. Mrs. R. Heir was extremely good as Katherine and the performance was throughout most effective. Mr. 0. Young ployed Grumio ; Mrs. Chapman, Curtis ; Mr. Harwcod, Bap tista; Mr. Hope, Biondello; Mr, W. Andrews, the Tailor; Mr. Gladstone, the Music master ; Mr. Morrison, Hortonslo ; . and Mr. Collingwood, tho Cook. It is generally superfluous to mention the representatives of these minor characters, but it is especially duo upon this occasion to remark that the busi- ness entrusted to all, whether more or less prominent, was thoroughly well done, and it is needless to observo that tho best scenes were greatly assisted by tho close attention that had evidently been asked of and given by tho representatives of the less important of tho dramatis personas, In the "Happiest Day of My Life," Mr.O. Young revelled in fun as the puzzled hero of the farce, and was rewarded with uproarious and approving shouts of laughter. The audi- ence seemed to havo been pnt in such thorough good humour fiom the first rhrtng of the cuitain, that at the end of each piece, and almost at every fall of the drop scene, some two or more of the company were called for, and this continued throughout tho evening. Tho bills announce the repetition of this enttrtatnment for Monday and Tuesday only, but the manager will probably find it to his interest to continue the same until the end of the present wa-k. " Macbeth" was prcduced at the Haymarket Theatre on Saturday evoning, chiefly with the view of introducing new spectral effect?. Mr. Edwards was the guilty hoio of tho eveurig, and Miss Lockhait the oimally guilty heroine, while Mr. Richard Younge was tho represen- tative of Ihe Thano of Fife, and Mr. Bartlett I of Malcolm. Mr. Holloway assumed the part of Banquo; Mr. Stew.nt appeared as Hecate, [ and the witches fell to the lot of Mrs. Stoneham, Mrs. Worlridgc, and Mrs. Hol- loway respectively. Tho members of the Haymarket company would themselves most likely lo ready to admit that, as a whole, they aro not adequate to the per- formance of such a play as " Macbeth,'' aud, therefore, we miy spare ourselves tho trouble of criticism. The grant object in produclLg the tragedy at all was, as we havo said, to introduce to our acquaint- ance not one but a number of spectrts, aud that object was successfully accomplished. Tho ghost of Banquo was spectral enough to satisfy any reasonable cxpectat'ons, but the btst effect of all was achieved in tho shadowy procession of " the line of Kings." Thesuccess of Saturday evening affords another and con- vincing proof of the value ofProfessor Pepper'B invention. The stage arrnigeraenfs were very effect)'vo in several of the scenes. The evenings enteitournent concluded willi a comic hallet by (ho Lo-ipold family. Tho porfo'manco at the Price» ss's Theatre on Saturday evening was signjlized by the .revival of the famous Imrlcsquo of " Medea," and the appearance of Miss Julia Mathews, who has accept« d a farewell engagement at this cstablishmeiit, prior to her depanure for New Zealand. Miss Mathews experienced a very fhtteriog nception. She played the hero of the piece, Jason, with a'l her accus- tomed vivacity. Her singing was much ap- plauded, and in ono instance 6ho was encored. The heroine was personated by Mr. Fawcett, who entainly gavo as grotesque a complexion as could be desired to Medea's wrongs. We believe it was with Medea that Mr. Fawcett commenced, some tinco yea's rgo, the series of fantastic c eatio is which ha has made peculiarly his owe. Miss Rose Edouin, who is always at h< me in burlesque, made a vory jaunty Orpheus. Mr. W. W. Allen was suffi- ciently impressive as Creon, the King; and Miss Marian Dunn wjs a pretty representa- tive of Creusa, his daughter. Mention should nl-obamade of Mrs. Gill, who took tho cha- racter of an elderly darno of the "Sairey Gamp " order, and who, in bonnet of the true coal-scuitlo typ«, lojked odd enough beside the Corinthian wearers of tunica and sandal. We may add, tbatthe representation was alto- gether highly tatisfactory, and that tho bur- lesque will Lo pirfoimed nightly until further notice. Mi. Birch, the picorant guide, who in his entertainment of tho "Holiday Trl|>," at the Polytocbn c Institute, has led to many excur- sionists by pleas-ant paths to the famous places of Europe, beguiling them in olden fashion with soDg and merry story, concluded his present season on Saturday (.vening la-t, after a run of sixty-seven night.». Tho (iliice was ctammed lo overflowing, and the oudhnce nppeared as enthusiastic as ever. As the curtain was about to fall upon the concluding scene, Mr. Birch ad- dressed a few words of farewell,- extressing his timuka to Messrs. Hennings aud Tannett, the scenic artists, and others conuccted with the establishment, us welt as his patrons, who had leceh'L-d bim so well Hu'then dwelt upon the striking wonders of Melbourne and its institutions, and in feeling language con- fessed hiinstlf unable ever to forget not only the astonishment and admiration they had created in his mind, but the exiromeklridness ho, but three months since an uttor stranger in the place, bal experience. In conclusion, he expressed a confident hope of return to Melbourne, where he must always recollect the wheel of fortune firstturned in his favour. After his retirement, the audieno insisted on his return ts bow his acknowledgements once more. ThiB evening, n now entertainment will be produced at this place of amusement, tho chief actor in which will be Mr. Love, who is said to be thesmof Love the woll-known polyphonic, whose vocal illusions were celebrated. The Botanic OardenB present many signs of approaching spiing, and, with a week or two of fito weather, they will fairly commence to wear their gayest attire. Already several of the plants and shrubs are in bloom, and the acacia trees, with their flowers of golden hue, aro nearly in the height of their charms Tho other botanical specimens which, will at present attract the notice of the visitor are tho Canary Islands pine (Pinus Canariensis), a very beautiful (ree, bealing flowors which somewhat resemble bends of maize; and the Beclcia plicata, a shrub indigenous to Western Australia, which isprofusely covered withsmall, delicate white flowers. Amongst tho plants in bloom in tho small conservatory two may be solectcd for special mention, as worthy of inspect ion - namely, the Troj oolum tricolor, and tho Lachenaullia péndula, maculata, tho former a native of South America, and the latter of South Africa. A viry rare tri-co!ourod fern has rccjntly been placed in the new propaga ting-house; and within tho last few days a pair of Rio Janelio ducks have been added to tho poultry kept in that portion of the reservo known as the old zoological garden». They havo b.cn sent from the Sydney Botanical Gardens, aud are fine specimens of their kind. 