THE THEATRE ROYAL. " HAMLET." It may be remembered that Mr. Sullivan made his first acquaintance with an Australian audience in the character of Hamlet, at the beginning of his short and not very successful engagement at this theatre, when under the brief management of the late Mr. Wilson. At that time there was but a poor company to support any star, and the plays produced were not placed upon the stage in a very commendable manner. Still, appearing as he did under many disadvantages, Mr. Sullivan gave us on the first night of his an appearance such a taste of his quality as at once placed him high in the favour of the great majority of those who witnessed his rerformanoe-an impression which was more than strengthened by his after impersonations. His Hamlet then stood out in bold relief from the other characters in the play, and it was accepted almost universally as, perhaps, the best representation of the princely Dance which the colony had seen up to that time. His more recent appearance in the character, with the double advantage of a good company and fine scenery, but served to show still more clearly the great merit of the performance. Almost every actor with any pretensions to greatness takes his own view as regards, at least, some portion crocker of the many-sided character of Hamlet and in noticing Mr. Sullivan's first appearances in the part, we indicated what seemed to us to be peculiar in his reading of it. There need, therefore, be nothing now said on that point, nor is it necessary that we should be at all minute as to the manner in which he carries out his conception, having already availed ourselves to some extent of the opportunity of doing so. The character of Hamlet is one for which Mr Sullivan may almost be. said to have exceptional qualifications. There are few men without their specialty, whether on or off the stage, and Mr. Sullivan's appears to be in the successful assumption of such characters as the Prince of Denmark, and others nearly allied to the school to which it belongs, in contradistinction to other portions of the business of a leading tragedian. The Hamlet of Mr. Sullivan takes rank with, if not above, his Richard the Third. With a character such as Hamlet-with its ever-varying light and shade, and where there is a point in almost every line- ad I mirably played-it would be almost an in a vidious, as well as a difficult task, to point to particular excellent s in the hope rsona* tion. The character, successfully portrayed, should be like a finely painted picture, every detail, and every touch and shade of colour ing in perfect keeping with a beautiful whole; yet in the most elaborate and highly finished rendering of the character of Hamlet; it can hardly fail but that here and there par- tlcular beauties will appear. Thus there were point in Mr. Sullivan's version of it which I more impressed the attentive onlooker than other portions of the performance. The address to the players-a favourite point with almost every one-was particularly well delivered. And again, the burst of passionate self-reproach, beginning with, "Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I," was given with an effect which was not lost upon the audience. Mr. Sullivan was also equally successful in making a number of the other " points," for which playgoers look as eagerly as would a gourmand for the presence of a favourite dish at dinner. The scene with Ophelia, where, under the knowledge or suspicion that he is being watched, he denies his love for her, and bids her to a nunnery, go," was most skilfully worked out, and the understanding that there were eavesdroppers roar was greatly helped by the occasional glimpses obtained by the audience of the King and Polonius in their hiding-places. The same remark applies also to the play scene. The only other portion of the play to which we need specially allude was the closing scene of all where death is so busy, and which was so played to the fall of the curtain as to fix the earnest attention, it might be said, of every person in the theatre, old or young. The mimic death of Hamlet himself was, indeed, so like stern reality as to be in some degree painful. The cast of the play as regards the other characters more essential to its success, were us for lows: Claudius King of Denmark, Mr. Ireland; Polonius?, Mr. Lambert; Laertes, Mr. Fitzgerald ; noralio, Mr. Chapman ; First Gravedigger, Mr. Charles Young ; Second Gravedigger, Mr. W. Andrews and the Ghost Mr. Robert Heir ; the Queen, Mrs. Robert Heir and Ophelia, Miss Rose Edouin. As Gertrude, Mrs. Robert Heir has what is, after all, a part of secondary importance in the tragedy, and, excepting in the one scene, there is not much room in it for dramatic display. What she finds to do, however, Mr?. Heir does in her usual judicious manner. The feeling, half of terror, half of remorse, awakened in the mind of the Queen by Hamlet's terrible re- proaches was truthfully and skilfully portrayed by Mrs. Heir, and her exit at the close of the interview called for an honest burst of applause. Of the other characters, except one, only a word need be said the exception being the Ophelia of the evening. As the Ghost, Mr. Robert Heir has, of course, but one speech to make, and that a rather lengthy one it was well and impressively delivered, and it may only be added that in other respects he was as ghost-like as the occasion demanded. Mr. Lambert has often played the part of Polonius, and there is not an actor in the colonies who could play it better ; while Was Chapman was a good substitute for Mr. Hope as Horatio. Mr. Charles Young made a capital grave-digger, and Mr. Andrews did well the little he had to do as the second grave diggers One feature of the play, as produced on Saturday evening, was the appearance of Miss Rose Edouin as Ophelia - a character hitherto almost the special property of Mrs. Lewis (Miss Rosa Dunn). The variety of business in which this young lady is appearing, speaks well for her ability and her quickness of study-a great advantage, in all cases and it must be gratifying to the many with whom she is a favourite to find that she is rapidly progressing in her profession. Her Ophelia is a performance which does Miss Edouin much I credit, and she was especially happy in her last scene, when what she deems the faithlessness and cruelty of Hamlet have driven her reason from its throne. That Miss Edouin had the feelings of the audience with her throughout was evident from the frequent expressions of approval which acknowledged her efforts to deserve success. The play, it is almost unnecessary to say, was handsomely put upon the stage, and some of the scenes were especially well set. The afterpiece was an amusing enough little farce, by Mrs. Alfred Phillips, entitled " Uncle Crotchet." It has no great pretensions either to merit or originality; but it serves the purpose for which farces are chiefly produced, and raises a laugh. To-night "Hamlet" will be repeated. 