THEATRICAL PERFORMANCES OF' GHOSTS. To the Editor of the Herald. Sirs-I have sometimes spoken from the pulpit of the theatres as being places well calculated to demoralise the minds of the frequenters. If anything would tend to substantiate this statement some of the scenes now exhibited may claim this unhappy character. I allude to " the Ghosts." By a ghost I understand, that part of man which, though existing in, and animating the body, is, tieveitbtics«, totally distinct from it, and will survive the death of the body. Again, the spirit or ghost's appearance without the body, implies that the mysterious separation, which we call death has taken place. Time with that human being is at an end-eternity has commenced, and the ghost or spirit has begun Its endless existence of joy or of sorrow I Whether spirits have over been commissioned or allowed, by " the Father of spirits," to return for a short season to this world is a question be great for me to determine. The common opinion of mankind inclines rather to the affirmative view of this proposition, and a few scrip in al allusions have been thought to strengthen it. I will, fear the present, suppose they do occasionally return to earth, though I very much doubt it. The rich man wished the ghost of Lazarus to return to exhort his five brethren to repent lest they also should go into that place of torment ; the request was not complied with. Could we suppose a soul or ghost to return for a short season from heaven or from hell, its car and would be of no trifling nature. Then how shockingly profane must it be to deal with the representation of such beings as is now taking place at the freshers J I refer more especially to the Prince of Wales Theatre, The theatrical going part of the community are invited to witness the following : Ghost of a lady, whom Mr, Younge will embrace, if he can find her. Ghost of Mynheer "Von Drunk, with whom Mr. Young will smoke- a pipe and drink some Bavarian beer. Ghosts of Sayers and Jack Heenan, fighting for the champion ship of the world, Ghosts of harlequin, clown, and columbine. General melee of the ghosts and interference of the police, I hero BUticioate a reply, viz. that the ghosts are only the effects of chemical discovery and they tend to show what great advances have been made in that science. This is perfectly true. But chemistry may also, perhaps, be made to represent the end of time, the judgment-seat, the abode of the lost and of the saved. Yet who would say that such most solemn, such momentous subjects, are suited to form the search for theatrical amusement ? Surely no one. But a thoughtful person, reflecting upon a ghost or spirit, feels his mind naturally drawn from a part to the great whole, line, from the spirit to (the eternity of joy or sorrow of which it will partake. Is it not then most presumptuous, most profane, to turn anything relating to man's endless being into material for amusement? I must also respectfully beg that part of the community who witness this exhibition (to observe the manner in which the performers convoy their ideas of ghosts. Two are fighting for the championship of the world ! That is when it shall please God to remove from this world those two unhappy men, in whom the brute has so much preponderated over the man, their souls will continue the antagonism which began here, and here as they injured each other in body there they will in spirit. This may prove only too true; but it is scarcely the cause for laughter. Another actor represents himself as drinking with a ghost or spirit. His part in its future reality, needs confirmation, One is represented in the well is of lost spirits as asking for a drop of water to cool his tongue, but the request was not granted. Spirits, again, are represented as fighting with each other. Here, most likely, is the outline of on awful (truth. As wen in this world do, by their sins, often asSist in ruining the souls of each other, so it is not improbable that when they meet in that region of darkness they will retaliate for the injuries of time ! Different opinions will be formed of my judgment in writing this letter. This I must expect. But I will assure those who question the desirableness of this latter, that my only object in writing It springs from on earnest desire that this pugilistic part of the ghosts' performance, when a few were short years have run their rounds, may not meet with a reality between the performers and the patrons of the stage. , , I am, Sir, your obedient servant, G. H. MORETON. 