SYDNEY SUMMARY. MONDAY afternoon. THE principal subject of discussion in political cir. cles of course is the recent disclosure of our mone. tary rottenness, and the proposed new tariff. The latter is not regarded with any particular degree of favour by commercial men; additional taxesnever are; but there are some absurdities and in. consistencies in the proposed tariff which tca scarcely fail to be noticed by any one who may consider the matter. The proposal to double the postal rate is unpopular among all classes. If i were raised fifty per cent, it would not be so objec. tionable; but to double it is coming it rather too strong. It may well be doubted whether the four. penny rate would bring in even quite 6o much money as a threepenny rate. However, there is no doubt that we must have more money to pay ff our deficiencies; and that we must submit to incre??id taxation to avoid similar mistakes-or else that we must largely reduce our expenditure; and so long as we have one-third of our members of parliament hunting after places for themselves or their relativee, and another third with sons, nephews, or brothersin government employment, we shall never hear of anything like an abolition of sinecures, or a cutting down of salaries. The constituencies at the next general election ought to be very chary of return. ing to parliament men who have relatives in the public - -evj_-F, ... . * "l. l r, The Herald says a deputation of gentlemen inter ested in the extension of the railway to Goulburn waited, on Friday morning, on the minister for works with reference to the proposed site of the terminus in that town. The deputation consisted o Mr. Alexander, M.L.A., Mr. Emanuel, M.L.A., Mr. Cowper, junior, M.L.A., the mayor of Goulburn (Mr. W. Davies), Mr. Walsh, and Mr. F, I. L Rossi. Mr. Alexander having introduced the dep. tation to Mr. Arnold, with whom was Mr. Whittoo, the mayor of Goulburn stated that the object of the deputation was to impress on the government the necessity of having the railway terminus on the western side of the Mulwarreo Ponds, urging as on of the principal reasons that otherwise, upon th rising of the creek after heavy rains, the town would be cut off from the railway. In the course of some conversation on the object of the deputation, Itr Arnold stated that in carrying out the railway ex* tensions the government had been considerably erm barrassed by the exorbitant demands for compeoas tion that had been made by the owners of the land The deputation, in reply, assured the minister that the land through which the line would pass to the Goulburn reserve had a fixed and ascertainel value, having been valued for municipal purpose, and that there were parties interested in having the terminus in Goulburn who would guarantee to the government that if invested with the powers of com pulsory sale which the government possessed, tbH could procure the land considerably under th municipal valuation. Mr. Arnold said he was Ter anxious to meet the wishes of the people of Goal burn in having the terminus on their reservo; atL promised that an officer should at once be directed to proceed there for the purpose of ascertaining b" far, consistently with the interests of the people i that locality, and also of the public at large, Ie proposal of the deputation could bo carried sO0 Tho deputation thereupon withdrow. We understand (says the Empire) that the govNl, ment, having taken into consideration the condiot acting Sub-inspector Brennan in the apprehensionsu buslrangers of late, and that of Senior-sorgett Stephonson in the affray with, and capture of Lol and his gang last Saturday, have promoted both t officers named to the rank of sub-inspector, as limiir of appreciation of the zcnl and bravery dispil.Y by Messrs. Broenna and Stephenson on the occaione above alluded to. Thesu marks of appror?,i addition to the largo rewards that will be pilt5 permission of the government, to the officers naD will doubtless, have the effect of stimulating e 't member of the police force to use the utmost exerli5 to distinguish themselves in the detection and Ji pression of crime. Captain Bagot, in the S. A. Registnr recofCO0 that the colonies should unite in providig 0i annuity for Mr. Torrens, in consideration o° services rendered in passing the Real property A,, Tie Maitland Mercury says:-Tho Northhbu e land Jockey. Club, in a most liberal apirit, ane determined on having a champion race oneit course at Rutherford. The project has been qui disoussed amongst the committee, and at a com5oilI meeting held on Thursday evening, it was id resolved to carry it out, and nest May was in d - the mouth in which the race will be held. -l it settled that the prize shall be at least £500, Dn may be iucreased to £1000. ta the VWe learn (saya tho Maitland Ensign,) lott t Attorney-Goneral las declined to pro0ccuto tIl Vincent Georgo Williams, presbyterian ,?-lnilt who was recently committed for trial at lthe ot land assizcs, by tho Murrrutrndi bench on a charg? P't e nlltwintig pai raaphsla are from til IIo r?hl' In coisequneo of tlle evidenco tOke l es 1 .I.Iluiry rvlativo to cI rtt an alleged i rreg'Llll it'iros i hlth P ttIlio tWorlka D p rtt io nt, Mr. 1 r de"l,1' t'i hMr.. 1 l, Mr. loi, . rty livli beeni . . llllI I lIlilH th i t decionll of the vex ciutive (;ovorlitle llt ' .At t .n nd pi lio lil 'lti Sl| tol \W ,'tlcll tillile i tn.i t' , thi Londof I l.,i il .y tlety, . . a I 1ti , Al m Ihl ity ,it it t the 0tt C;lit l C t Ilhltll. !II t,'ll ."l I 'l'rt l ll 'i l v it. j lll l V tl l A I lW 0 %vet <!l-llir , Hi dllrr , I h'l rr i "" 1 3 l e 1lo ly. -1i 1iby ti nl , " I oll l IV, 1 | a A l lr 1i 11y , A ill l l i 'll ", l l l " I i ift l l' r I ll 1 I1 if" -;I I I I'll ', 1 Iv i l 114d " I Iti ' ii I' d " . . ,l ,' tIlin'tll t l l l lt) M iot ry iill tll, " II ilt ,, ?s 1 1 Mi fml n .t *» i.4 M lr iOt h nl ,wiy h il. " B.I ilH flW ali l i, litui l iisi l Il l ill o I will 1' Id I, I wlily wuY silil ,IU»? 9511 Ili l# r 1f I , stoppage is attributoe to the absenco of tho con trator, Air. ARartindle. tJohn Arthur Irvine, formerly chief-constable of Dubbo, has been committed for trial at the quarter sessions, Wellington, on the 22nd October next, for iaviig written and published a falso and malicious libel against Mr. Jean Emilo Serisier, J.P. On Saturday evening tho operatic season wans brought to a closo most appropriately by theo per formance of the" IHuguenots," in the presence of a large, fashionable, and (what was extremely gratify ing) most appreciative audience. This evening the dramatic season at tihe P'rince of Wales will com mence, twhen, in addition to the attraction of the company, the " Ghost" illusion will be presentod. 