? LSUMTI AKDDBIKK,—Consti'ile Gribbc.1 irougU .»°^reteh,from>th.e Jews' USkp C-eek?pu • ^ beenrunuin^ about Mr .larret 's paddock'&r; two or three dayi iu««UtedE iuudity, ms.name jslMvpncifn^fh ha i,„,Mn_*: . . - forsphietiniie fLndhad been suffering M w t m ^ f c . - He hadapair 'of black-eyea and:a cutacross his &rehaid.; \- As be was • mbre fit for the Hospital than the lockup, ^ie was taken there. . * KYKEIOK IIUXU CORES.—We are happyito inform our reailers that ihe above corps is protressingfavorably, both in drill and numbers. We undersMnd that over fifty have already been sworn in for the full term of service, and:.we doubt not that before the Btli inst. its numbers: will even exceed the number required by the Act lo comprise a corps.- We .are also informed that Colonel Bull is expecteddbtfn : eariyin tlie enduing week, when tlie members will Mindergo anexaminatioiu Tiie drjll, we bdieve will} untilafler theinspectiqn by Colonel Bull, be confiued' •to the facings, an^jthe manual and platoon exercises.;. TUB GHOST !—Last evening, a respectable audnumerous audience lilied the Kyneton Theatre'to withess tlie " Patent I'olyteclinic Ghost," as exhibited by Mr Merlin. The first two parts of the performance consisted of tricks in legerdemain by Mr Kinely Schiller. The clevernes with which these were effected excited the admiration and applause of tbe audience. The usual tricks witft ranls and a lady|s handkerchief were gone througlj, and a gen tle 1 * nyin's watch, aftei- oeing seemingly pounded up with arhammer and chained in a:j)isiol, was, upon firihgV it^o'&riaVinigly;bils(»ni^.in^^abf bread. - A«at belonging to a distinguished membirof the volunteer force: was foimd filled with tin cones sufficient to stock a tinsmith's shop, with balls of all colors, 'ending with something very like a cannon ball. The stock in the hat did not finish bore, for, very much to the amusement of the audience, Mr Schiller produced from uuder its lining a full set of baby-linen. Another, gentleman, usually pretty wide awakeTwas .proved by the conjuror; vio played the "old soldier" with him, to be unable to count twenty. Mr •Marlin introduced " the Ghost" as originally produced by Professor Pepper at the London Polytichnic by a few remarks on the difficulty in pro; ducing the ghost within a'short time while travelling. A slight dramatic sketch-followed, in which a tipsy reveller from the Mayor's Ball demands accommodation from a hotel-keeper, who places him in a haunted chamber on the pretence that it is the only one available in his house. , The Ghost then appears in various shapes, and the success of the exhibition, considering the narrowness of the stage, is remark ' able. The inebriated reveller passes his sword through the ghost without injury to that seemingly astberal substance. A-gliost really sits at the table with him; drinks from a bottle, "and although the terrified bacchanalian dashes a chair and subsequently a table at his head, he is proof against injury. We understand it will be exhibited again to night, when all who have not- seen it ought to embrace the opportunity of doing so. . BAZAAR AT SANDHURST.—The gross proceeds of the Bazaar recently held in Sandhurst, in aid of the reduction of the debt on the Presbyterian Church there, amounted to nearly L900. 