THE THEATRES. ROYAL nAYMARKET. A very great improvement was percoptiblo last night in tho spectral effects introduced in Monk Lewis's drama, and there s no doubt that tlio illusion, which is dccidicdly ono of the most remnrkablo that lias been applied lo tno purposoa of tho modern stage, will be com pletely po footed after a fow repetitions. Tho drama itself, although when originally pro duced, and indeed long subsequently, an immense fnvourito with the English publio, ib of a class which now has fow claims to admira tion. Tho truth is, that burleequo has ruth lessly exposed tho exaggerated sentiment and mock heroics of tho onco popular melodrama, and ncithor tho furious tyrants, nor the Niobes of tlio old transpontine school, can oommand tlio slightest respect or sympathy from on audience which, though delighting in thrilling situations, still demand something nearor to natural languago than it seomB thoir fathers woro able to obtain from tlio authors of tho minor drama, who in tlieir day held poo- session of tlio public car. However, tlie exigencies of theatrical management cannot always afford to be particular, and in tiic present iustanco there was a ghost effect to bo provided for, and only a very limited reperloiy from which to make a selection. T.ie " Castlo Spectre" presents several opportunities for tlio display of tho Bingulur deception which after all constitutes tlio real attraction, nnd perhaps may be found equally as ondurnblo ns other pieces, tho oiiiof interest of which lies in the Bupcruntural character of its story or incidents. Tho apparitions of Evelina was startlingly presented last night, and during its manifestation it was evident from the silence which prevailed throughout the house, that tho interest of tho spectators wns thoroughly absorbed in tlio vision before them. Indeed, tho fact that tlio three scenes in which tho spectre appeared wero unanimously encored, substantially testifies to the favourable im pression produced upon thoso present. Miss Annie Lockhart, and Mr R, Youngo vory ably supported the characters in which thoy ap peared. 