THE NEWS OF THE DAY. I Tho amended Land Act was further considered in committee, in tho Legislative Assembly, last night. Clauses 11 to 21, inclusive, wero dealt with, and a great variety of amendments wero suggostod, but none of any importance wero agreed to. Clauses 18 and 20 were postponed. The committee obtained leavo to sit again on Tuesday. Tho Volunteer Corps Bill and the Naval and Military Forces Bill, introduced by Mr Haines, havo been abandoned, nnd the orders of the day for tho second reading, in tho Legislative Assembly, yesterday, were discharged. Tho report by the Select committee appointed by tho Legislative Assembly to inquire into certain claims of residents in Ashby, for injury done to property by tho construction of tho Geelong and Melbourno Railway, was laid on tho table of the Assembly, yesterday. The report states that certain inhabitants of Ashby suffered considerable loss by tho Geelong and Melbourne Railway Company using level crossings, instead of constructing bridges as required by their Act of Incorporation. On the land being purchased by tho Government, some of those persons who suffered, being aware of the re quirements of the Act, had their claims recorded in the schedule ; but those persons now asking compensation not being so well informed, did not take that pre caution. although in two cases arbitrators had been ap pointed and awards made. The committee report that there is no equitable difference between those claims which were scheduled and those which were not, and recommend that the Government should appoint a valuator in order to arrive at a just estimate of the loss sustained by each of tho claimants, and pay the amount so ascertained. They also point out that tho Government aro liable to tho amount of £2500, in accordance with tho terms of an agreement entered into on tho 17th January, 1859, which sum if not altogether sufficient, would go far to liquidate all those claims. The business of tho Legislative Council was yesterday delayed for a short timo in consequence of the absence of the hon, the President. The mem bers waited patiently until lialf-past four o'clock, but as tho President had not then arrived, and no communication had been received from him explain ing the cause of his non-attondanco, the hon. the Chairman of Committees (Mr Thomson) was called to tho chair. The Mercantilo Law Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed in the Legislative Council yesterday. Dr Evans gave notice in the Assembly yesterday that on Tuesday next ho would ask tho Government whether they intended rendering any assistance to tho Govornmont of New Zealand in the prosent war with the natives by lending the Victoria, or other wise. Tho amendments in llio Local Government Bill, suggested in a message from his Excellency, were yesterday taken into consideration by the Assembly and agreed to. Tho amendments were mostly directed to restoring tho secrecy of tho ballot. Mr Casey proposes moving in tho Assembly, on Thursday next, for leave to bring in a bill to name tlio county of Bendigo. Mr Graham Berry presented a petition in the Assembly, yesterday, from a public meeting of tho inhabitants of Colliugwood and Fitzroy, praying that the Municipalities Bill might bo amended by striking out tho disqualification clauses, and the clausos giving n plurality of votes. At tho weekly meeting of tho Executive Committee of tho Immigrants' Aid Socioty, hold on Friday, tho superintendent mado tho following roturn : — Number of inmates in tho Home as reported last week, 5G9; admitted since, 147 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 72 ; total relieved, 788. Discharged from tho Homo during tlie week, 13G. Total nt present remaining, 580, consisting of cases charge able to Government, 383 ; cases chargeable to tho socioty, 197. A summons was, yesterday, issued calling upon Mr J. G. Foxton, ono of the Into directors of the Provident Institute, to attend at tho City Court, on Monday, to answer tho chargo of conspiring to de fraud tho depositors in the institute, ns it nppears I10 has arrived in town from Queensland, and is ready to tako his trial along with tho other three directors. It is stated that a petition is now in course of preparation for presentation to tho Executive Coun cil, praying for a commutation of tho sentence of death passed upon tho man Guest, who was a few days ago found guilty of rape. Tho woman upon whom I10 committod tlie assault has, wo believe, signified her intention of signing the petition. Tho agreement, or rather combination, which for the last three years has existed between tho several bunks in tho colony, has been definitely terminated, and each will for tho future do business on those terms which it believes most calculated to advance its own interests. One reason why tho combination has boon given up is, wo understand, a' difference of opinion as to tho rates of exchange. Tho National Bank, however, resolved to withdraw in consequence of the conduct of tho manager of the Bank of Aus tralasia, in South Australia, who wrote an anonymous letter to tho papers reflecting on the management of the former institution. Some ill feeling has also been caused by the alleged breach of faith on tho part of the Oriental, relative to the price of gold, by which it secured the greator portion of it. An advertisement appears in another column giving tho now rates adopted by the Colonial. A lecture was delivered last evening in tho Me chanics' Institute by Mr Charles Bright, in aid of the Victorian Phonetic Society. The subject chosen was ' Some Living Authors.' Tho chair was taken by W. H. Archer, Esq., Registrar- General. The lecturer confined his attention cliielly to tho writings of Carlyle, Thackeray, Dickens, Wilkie Collins and Miss Braddon, from whose works he gavo some characteristic and well selected readings, which ap peared to be thoroughly appreciated by the audience. It was announced at tho close of the lecture that a class for tho study of phonography was being formed in connection with tho institute. In the Insolvent Court yesterday, third meeting* were held iu tho estates of Thomas G. Potton, late a grocer iu Swanston streot ; and Benjamin H. Dodds, recently a plumber in Molbourno. The official nssignoo reported in tho first-mentioned ostnte that there would be a fair dividend for the creditors, and in the second that there was no chance of any. O11 Thursday evening last, Dr. Eades delivered 1111 interesting lecture on 'Sympathy,' to tho in mates of the Benevolent Asylum. Mr Sturt, P.M., occupied tho chair. Tho subject was done full justice to by tho lecturer, and tho audience, who numbered about 200, listened to him with marked attention — themselves tlio objects of sympathy, they evidently realised its influence. Dr. Eades promised to give another lecture in n fortnight. Mr Thomas Dickson intimated that Mr T. P. Hill had also agreed to deliver n lccturo on a future evening, 011 ' A Night with tho Pickwicldans.' Wo have our files from Now South Wales to the 18tli, and from Queensland to the 12th inst. Ex tracts from tho local journals will bo found in an other portion of this issue. During the last few days considerable excitement has prevailed at Essendon, in consequence of the threatened destruction of several of tho finest trees 011 the reserve ; and it was heightened by the report that one of tho councillors had, on his oivn respon sibility, taken upon himself to let a contract for clearing a portion of the municipal reserve to his brother and nephews. One tree having been destroyed, tho police communicated with the chair man and other members of tho municipal council, and, in consequenco, a special meeting of that body was convened, at the request of three members, I on Thursday evoning, when thero woro pre | sent— Crs. M'Crackea (chairman), Eastwood, Filson, Leake, Wight, Grant and M'Na mara. Tho chairman having opened tho pro ceedings by reading tho requisition calling tho meeting, which was for tho purpose of consider ing tho necessity of rescinding an agreement en tered into by Cr. M'Namara on behalf of the council, for clearing stumps in Napier street, Essendon, Cr. M'Namara explained that some time ago a motion was carried in tho council, to the effect that Napier street, Essendon, should bo cleared of trees and stumps, provided persons could be found willing to perform tho work for tho raluo of tho wood ; that he had undertaken to find parties willing to do this, and ho had tlio sanction of the council for carrying out the work. Cr. Filson, and the wholo of the members, immediately emphatically denied having given any such authority, and referred to the minutes on tlio sulject, which were to tlie effect of tho motion referred to, with this exception, that tho word ' trees' was not in tho resolution. This, however, did not nt nil satisfy Cr. M'Namara, who again rose and insinuated that tho minutes must have been tampered with, and in another ram bling speech insisted that tho council had given him leave to let tho contract. During the discus sion that ensued, it appeared that a specification had been drawn up by tho surveyor, which Cr. M'Namara had obtained from tho town clerk, and on the strength of this, without any bond or agree ment being entered into on behalf of tho oonucil with any person, ho had let tho work. Tho proceeding was stigmatised by Cr. Eastwood nnd nil tho other members, as, to say tho least of it, of a most irregular character, and the discussion ended by the carrying of a resolution, proposed by Cr. Leake, ' That tho polico bo instructed to prevent tho re moval of any live timber from any of tho streets in tho municipality without tho written authority of tho town clerk, in obedience to a resolution of council.' Dr. Youl held an inquest nt tho LyinginHos pital, on Thursday, on tho body of John Dow or Hunt, an infant, four days old, who had died from suffocation the previous evening. The nurso, under', whoso care tho mother and child had been, deposed that, about a quarter to six o'clock, she had her atten tion directed to tho deceased by his mother. She examined him and found that, although tho body was still warm, life was extinct. Dr. Fetherstone, a resident surgeoii in tho hospital, stated that the mother of tho deceased was confined on the 15th instant. Tho deceased was a healthy child. Wit ness was called to see him about six o'clock od Wednesday evening, and fouud ho had been dead for about half-an-hour. On making a post mortem examination of tho body, he found no marks of violence or anything to lead him to suppose that pressure had been applied to tho mouth, nose or chest. Tho air passages wero unobstructed. Tho brain and membranes were healthy, but slightly congested. Tho lungs were healthy in structure, but much congested. The heart and other organs wero in a healthy condition. Tho causo of death was suffocation, which, in the opinion of witness, was accidentally caused. The mother of tho doceasod was not in a sufficient state of health to give evidence, but she had mado a statement to tho doctor to tho effect that the child was alivo about five o'clock, when he was sleeping at her back, but on looking at him shortly aftor that time, she discovered ho was dead. Tho jury re turned a verdict of accidental suffocation. A large quantity of base coin appears just now to bo in circulation at Ballaarat. Tho Star says : — 'Wo stated a few days ago that several bad half crowns have been taken by shopkeopers, and wo now learn that spurious half-sovereigns are also in circu lation. No less than four of these baso coins have been offered to ono tradesman nlono during tho present week. Thoy are mado in imitation of tho half-sovereigns coined at tho Sydney Mint, and boar tho date 1858. Tho ring of the metal is very much like gold, and, on the wholo, tho resemblance to tho gonuino coin is very great.' A caso of attempted poisoning at a place . called Donnybrook, about twenty miles from Melbourno, is likely to causo some considerable intorest. Tho correspondent of the Ballaarat Star, says: — 'As far as tho facts aro known, it appears that tho wife of a man put something into her husband's tea, and was observed to do so by her littlo daughter, about eleven years old, who told hor father. This aroused suspicion, and the services of tho Government Ana lytical Chemist wero obtained, the ten provided by tho wife being sent down for examination. Dr Macadam goes down to givo evidence before tho magistrates on Friday, and will, it is understood, prove thnt sulphuric ncid was mixed with tho tea sent down for his examination, and intended, ns sup posed, for the drink of tho woman's husband.' Wo have recoived from Messrs Swallow and Co., of Sandridgo, a sample of biscuit powder manu factured by them. The powder appears to bo of a very superior quality, and has evidently been pre pared with considerable care. Its being manufac tured from fresh biscuits mado in tho colony, will insure for it tho preference oyer the imported articlo, as tho quality of tho latter is always more or less impaired by tho long soa voyago. A public meeting was hold at Wangaratta, on Monday last, to take into consideration the question of tho preliminary survey of a railway, connecting the Murray, atAlbury, with Melbourne. Mr Lucas, chairman of tho municipality, presided, and tho fol lowing resolutions were proposed and carried unani mously : — ' That the residents in this portion of tho Murray and Ovens districts, numbering upwards of 44,000, and paying thoir quota to tho wholo of the railway expenditure of tho colony, from which they derive no benefit, are ontitled to participate in tho advantages of railway intercommunication ; that this meeting therefore calls upon the Government to adopt measures for the survey of a line of railway from the main Echuca lino, embracing, if possible, tho townships of Rushworth,Waranga,Whroo, Murcliison, aud Bonalla, and passing through Wangaratta and Chiltern to Wodonga.' ' That a committee be appointed to watch tho interests of Wangaratta in this matter, and to tako all necessary steps for pro curing the co-operation and assistance of all local boards and committees in tho district, to secure the desired railway extension. That such committee shall consist of Messrs Lucas, Mackay, Aitken, Ryley, Cusack, Parfitt, Kaye, Graham, Woods, Clark, Augur, and Slater, with power to add to their number.' ' That the chairman transmit copies of these resolutions to Sir Francis Murphy, nnd Peter Wright, Esq., M.P.'s, and tho honorable tho mem bers for itie Eastern Province, with tho earnest request of the meeting that those gentlemen will use their utmost inlluence to securo tho expenditure of the sum voted for railway survey upon tho route in dicated by the resolution before carried.' A Chinaman named Ah Yan was tried in the Criminal Court, yesterday, on a charge of wilful murder. The evidence was to tho effect that, on the morning of the Gth July the prisoner had a quarrel with another Chinaman named Yong Sing, which resulted in Ah Yan attacking tho deceased with a knife, with which ho inflicted serious wounds, cliielly on the arms. Yong Sing was taken to the Hospital, whero ho died on tho 2nd inst. The jury returned a verdict of Guilty of manslaughter, and tho prisoner was remanded for sentenco. At tho City Court, yesterday, a man named Thomas, alias Drew, alias Morrison, a convict from Tasmania, was charged with obtaining a suit of clothing under false pretences, from Mr B. Calm, an outfitter, in Swanston street. It appeared that. , after fitting on tho suit, I10 took out his poeket-bor' j as if to pay the bill, and on opening it ho said h# had lost a cheque for £375. Ho thon went to the bank to stop the cheque, and on being told tlia' t pay. ment could only be stopped by Mr Clarke, b'y ,v]lom he alleged it was drawn, ho went to that gar ltleman's office, but he was not in, and on the clerk asking his business he declined to inform him, Sr absequently, it appeared, he returned to Mr Calm's shop, and charged ono of the young men who had served him with stealing tho cheque. There was no foundation for the charge, however, and when the case came before tho court, it was dismissed. Mr Clarke de posed yesterday that 110 such cheque had ever been issued by him, and therefore it must havo been a forgery. Another chargo was heard against the prisoner of forgery nnd uttering. Ho psid to the landlord of tho Yarra Family Hotel, on tho lltli instant last, a valueless cheque for £5, for one month's board and lodging in advance, and before the fraud was discovered, he had run up a bill of about £1. As thero wero several other charges ngninst tho prisoner, ho was remanded till Tuesday. Should the weather be favorable, the UpperYnrrn will, to-day, bo the sceno of a series of scratch mntches, composed entirely of members of the Elswick Rowing Club. Tho races will bo in four oared nnd pair-oared gigs, and as thirty entries have been already made, they are likely to be very suc cessful. Tho four-oared races will be after tho principle of bumping races, nil tho boats starting together in a line, at a distance of 100 feet apart. Tho Elswick Club claims to bo the oldest club on tho river, originating at first in a crew named after the samo crew in England. The old unsightly shed has lately received an addition to it, neatly ornamented in the Swiss stylo, and tho ground hns been laid out in beds, nnd planted with evergreens. The boat-shod cannot be mistaken, being directly opposite the old steam boat pier, now let by Mr Edwards for tho hire of pleasure boats. The ground is a Government grant to tho club, and tho boat shed, boats, &c.;, are nil their own property. Apropos of boating, tho crow chosen to row in tho next intercolonial match against Sydney, can be seen every Saturday afternoon, in their bright tri colored caps. Tlie crow is composed of Mr N. Cullen, bow ; -T. Cullen, 2 ; W. Cowper, 3 ; nnd J . Mitchell, stroke. An nnnouncement nppears in our columns from Colonel Pitt, intimating that candidates for tho New Zealand Militia nro requested to call at the Port Phillip Club Hotel 011 nnd nfter Tuesdny, 25th inst., between eleven nnd one o'clock. Candidates for ap pointment as oflicers and non- commissioned officers, aro requested to call daily, at ten a.m., commencing to-day. ' We understand,' says the Ballaarat Star, ' tlint Major Wallaco has received about eighty applications from volunteers, old soldiers, and others, to proceed to New Zealand, but that, in the absence of information from Major Pitt, to whom he has written on tho subject, ho is not in a position to avail himself of their services.' Tho half yearly services in connection with tho Victorian Freo Church, Park street, Collingwood, will bo held to-morrow, when special sermons will bo preached, in tho morning by tho Rev. M. Bur nett (Wesloyan, lately arrived from England per Norfolk) ; in tho afternoon by tho Rev. James Taylor; und in tho evoning by tlie Rev. M. Goethe. Sermons will be preached, to-morrow, at the Richmond Congregational Church, by tho Rev. J. P. Sunderland, and collections will bo made in aid of tho Congregational College. In reply to n question by Mr Brodribb, yesterday, as to tho intentions of the Government respecting tho proposals regarding tho Imperial troops stationed in tho colony contained in the recent despatch of his graco the Dulco of Newcastle, MrVerdon laid on tho tabic, by request of his Excellency, for tho informa tion of hon. members, a memorandum tlint had boon prepared and submitted to his Excolloncy on the subject. A copy of tho document will bo found in another column. Full pnrticulars of tho recent outrages and skir mishos in Now Zealand, brief notices of which have already appeared in our telegraphic intelligence, will bo found in another column. Mr Wood gavo notice in tho Assembly, yesterday, that on Tuesday next ho would put a series of questions to the hon. the Chief Secretary, respecting tho recommendation of Sir James Palmer to bo ap pointed ns Chairman of the Bonrd of Education ; and also with respect to the appointment of Mr Lo Souef ns Usher of tho Blnck Rod. Ho nlso gnve notice thnt, on tho same day, he would move that Mr Nixon's letter, resigning his seat for Polwartli and South Grenville, bo laid upon tho tablo. Tho Subnrban Dramatic Club gavo an entertain ment, last night, in tho Town Hall, Praliran, in aid of tho funds of tho local Mechanics' Institute. Tho piece seloctod for the occasion was Coyne's comedy of ' The Black Sheep,' tho principal characters being represented by Messrs Green, Palmer, Camp bell, M'Kenzie, and the Misses Holroyd, Mortimer, and Wardall. Of courso it would bo too much to expect of amateurs tho same graceful ease and polish as in tho caso of professionals, and, theroforo, wo were prepared for blemishes, but taken ns n wholo, tho principal actors went through their allotted parts in n creditable manner. Tho Herbert Lester of Mr Green, although it exhibited something abovo mediocrity, was wanting in force, espe cially in tho earlier scenes. It was only as tho blighted, ruined gambler, that he appeared to grasp the full import of the text. Miss Mortimer's Lady Barbican was a lifo picture of tho husband hunting widow. To Mr Palmer as Jabez Bunny, and Mr Mackenzie as Tom Shorter, wero committod tho more comic characters, and tho respective parts woro rendered in a very effective manner. The afterpiece was the 'roaring' farce of a 'A Regular Fix,' in which, as in tho first piece, the principal characters wero sustained by Messrs Lewis, Mac kenzie, Green, and Misses Mortimer, Holroyd, and Wardall. Tho Dramatic Club possesses no scant share of talent, but wo question very much if tho pioee selected for last night's performance was of a nature suited to tho occasion. Tho club might, without presumption, aspiro to something higher, something more in accordance with the improved taste of the time. As tho houso was a good one, the funds of tho Mechanics' Institute will be sup plemented by a hnndsomo addition through last night's entertainment. There was a good houso at tho Theatre Royal last evening, to witness tho performance of ' Lovo's Sacrifice,' whbh was produced for the last time. For to-night, a most attractive programme has been issued. It includes tho comic drama of ' Charles II., or the Merry Mouaraeli,' 'Taming the Shrew,' and ' The Happiest Day of My Life.' Tho Polytechnic ' patent' Ghost continues to attract largo audiences at the Princess's Theatre. Tho drama in which this latest and most successful sensation is introduced is ono adapted by Mr Fawcett from the novel of the authoress of ' Lady Audley's Secret,' Miss E. M. Braddon, en titled ' tho Captain of the Vulture.' Tho story is composed of tlie most tragic elements. As in ' Lady Audley's Secret,' the plot hinges on bigamy. Tho heroine, Millieent Duke (Miss Roso Edouin) is left by hor husband Captain Geortje Duke (Mr Fawcctt), and after he has been ab?,ent somo seven years, she marries a clever young barristor, Darrell Murkham. Tho first husband ultimately returns, but is murdered, on the night of his arrival, and his wife is o censed of the crime. There is, however, another very important character, whose namo is repres' anted in the playbill by ? , and who is imps' r30nated on tho stage by Mr Fawcett, so that tlia' J gentleman has a double part to play. X'.iis is George Duke's twin brother, aud '.io is spoken of ns the captain's shadow or ghost. The two brothers have been jointly guilty of a murder and robbery; the secret is known only to the two, and, to confine tha know ledge of it to himself alone, tho shadow murders his brother George Duke. It is before the murder, and after George has retired to bed, that the ghost ap pears to him in a dream, in the form of the victim of himself aud his brother. Tho apparition comos up at the back of tho stage, and the effect is decidedly startling and wonderful. First, a lady in white is repre sented, who raises her arms, inoves her lips, and in short, appears in a ' questionable shape.' A skeleton is next represented. This ghost is unquestionably the best stage apparition which it has ever been at tempted to produce. Tho final scene of the play is the trial of Millieent, when tho shadow appears, and is identified as ' the murdered man.' He is con fronted, by those who know him, and proved to bo , not George but James Duke ; ho is found guilty of his brother's murder, Millieent is triumphantly nc quittcd, nnd the curtain falls on her happy in tho arms of her second husband, Darrell, who hnd conducted her dofence. Thero is a secondnry story in tho piece, which is the coun terpart of the mnin plot. Thomas Jfasterson (Mr W. W. Allen), a scoundrel who, like George Duke, leaves his wife, returns nt tho snmo time ns tho Captain, to annoy her, while slio is recognised ns tho lawful and loving spouse of a prosperous pub lican, Sam Pecker (Mr W. B. Gill). The pieco has been well arranged by Mr Fawcett, and jis brought on the boards with most effective accessories in addi tion to tho incomparable ghost. Mr Fawcett per forms his double part with his usual ability, and he is well supported by the members of his company. The Spring street tlieatro will bo found worthy of a visit from nil admirers of the drama or lovers of the wonderful. ====== I 