ADELAIDE: SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1863. \- . i The session of 1863 is now anatter of history, bat it forms by no .means a glorious chapter. Struggles for place and pay are its leading cha racteristics ; contradictions, recantations, and inconsistencies disfigure it from almost the commencement to quite the close. To enter upon a minute analysis of $he past session would be like performing a post mortem examinatim upon a putrid carcass ;* in proportion as tie work is revolting so would the result be unsat s factory. Never before in one session hare Ministries eaten wmuch dirt; never have the Legislature been dragged through so much mire. It is a black chapter in the annals of Responsible Government, and we find no temptation to linger over so humiliating a theme. The Parliament was opened February 27, the Ministry consisting of the following members :: — Chief Secretary, Hon. G. M. Waterhousfc ; Treasurer, Hon. A. Blyth ; Attorney-General, Hon. £. I. Stow; Commissioner of Public Works, Hon. W. Milne; Commissioner of Crown Lands, Hon. B. T^ Strangways. Ministers met Parliament with business in a fair condition of forwardness, and the Estimates ready. The date of meeting had been fixed two months earlier than usual, in. accordance with a pledge exacted from the Government in the preceding session; but the result shows how useless are such premature meetings, for on March 10 the Council adjourned till April 9 ; on March 12 the Assembly adjourned till April 9 ; and on April 9 both Houses farther ad journed till April 28, the ordinary date for com mencing a new session. The most prominent question in the early portion of the session was that of the Inter colonial Conference. Daring the previous ses sion the Legislature had appointed the Treasurer (Mr. Blyth) and Messrs. Ayers and Glyde to visit Melbourne as Commissioners for the repre sentation of this colony on the tariff and other questions of common interest. The Conference transacted a good deal of business, but their grand card was a new uniform tariff. By mutual consent of the Intercolonial Commis sioners June 2nd was fixed upon for disclosing this new tariff, and on that day the Treasurer (Mr. Blyth) developed the scheme that had been agreed upon. The new tariff included a variety of additions to articles subjected to fixed duties, with some few new imposts, and an exclusion of the ad valorem duties. It transpired, however, that the Melbourne Gro vernment, owing to some disagreement with that of Sydney, had not brought forward the new tariff pursuant to contract; and the result was that our own Government, with, great rashness, on the 4th of June declared that they were absolved from all further obligations to the Conference, and that they should frame another tariff on the basis of the ad valorem duties ! The ad valorem tariff— which on the 2nd was denounced from the Treasury benches as fraught with ruin to the colony — was on the 5th 'Ministerially promulgated; and — as the public will not readily forget — was eventually sanctioned and adopted by Parliament. Thus was the condemned tariff of one day brought forward as the Government measure of almost the next day, and was, as quickly as the rules of Parliament allowed, swallowed by the Legisla ture, wholly regardless of the monstrous contra diction it involves. After this extraordinary and unparalleled feat of legislation it might have been supposed that nothing could possibly arise to shake the firm seats of the Government. ? But as the hero that escapes death on a dozen battle-fields may be choked by a fly or crashed by a falling chimney pot, so the Government that lived through the accumulated dangers of the tariff and the Con ference fell before a very small missile, hurled by a not very determinedfoe, but which certainly came at an unexpected moment, and so took them by surprise. Mr. Dutton, without notice, moved an amendment in connection with a motion on the Estimates, to the effect that the Treasurer had done wrong in bringing forward as a credit balance in ike accounts of the general revenue, an unexpended sum of £7.500 that had been voted the previous year for immigration. The House that assisted theGovernment to carry out a tariff which they had jost before declared would ruin the trade of the colony, could not tolerate the Treasurer's way of accounting for the £7,500 ; a vote of censure was brought for ward ; and the supposed immoveable Ministry — in the very flush and pride of their triumph, were in a moment measuring their length in the dust ! The votes on the motion of censure being equal, the Speaker gave his casting vote in favor of the Government ; but they could not retain office upon such conditions, and they forthwith tendered their resignations. Then came the interregnum. Mr. Dutton was ' sent for,' and laboured from, the rising of the sun to the going down of the same to form a Government, but could not. Many offers were made, but few were accepted, and in the Legis lative Council there was not one single member who would join the hon. gentleman's Govern ment. Under these circumstances he was com pelled to relinquish the task. Mr. Hart then received His Excellency's commands, and after a good deal of negotiation succeeded in forming a Ministry, consisting of himself, Mr. Andrews Mr. Glyde, Mr. Townsend, and Mr. Dutton ? no member of the Council being in the number. The Council refused to recognise a Government so constituted, and adjourned for a fortnight. The attempt to govern the country by a Ministry chosen from one House only having thus failed, Ministers resigned without having done any great mischief, because they had not had time. Mr, Bagot was next sent for, and failed, Mr. E. L Stow followed, and also failed. A disso lution of the Assembly seemed now to be almost inevitable, when as a dernier ressort the Governor sent for the^Hon. xL Ayers, and entrusted to his hands the difficult and unwelcome task. Mr. Ayers consented, and after much difficulty suc ceeded in getting together the present Govern ment — no doubt, in the hon. gentleman's own private opinion, the most unsatisfactory day's work he ever performed. How the present Government, after denounc ing the former Government for their vacillation on the tariff question, themselves Adopted the condemned tariff ; how they have straggled and wriggled in a dozen different ways with financial difficulties created by their own strictures upon the policy of their predecessors ; how they have witnessed the overthrow and desfernoti.on, -We 4 after another, of nearly all their, measures $ how they have submitted to the utmost degree of political insult, and yielded tamely to treatment which scarcely boys at school would put up with — are facts notorious as the sun at noonday. No doubt the Government have had immense difficulties to contend with; and no doubt they are quite conscious that, as a Cabinet, they are as ill-assorted and incon gruous a body as ever pretended to an external semblance of a coherence not possessed. If or shall we ever have a strong Ministry, a con sistent Ministry, or a useful Ministry, until we have a Ministry with a policy on which they are prepared to stand or fall. We want, also, I a Government with courage enough to advise'1 His Excellency to dissolve Parliament when — ? * as was the ease this session — it was manifestly . apparent that the struggle for place was carried to such a length as to render the conduct of public business an entirely secondary conside ration. ' ' - During the present session upwards of 100 public Hills, including second editions and altered prints, have been laid before Parliament. Of this number 27' have been passed, of which 25 were, on Thursday, assented to by ;His Ex cellency, two being reserved for Her Majesty's, assent. The dropped or lost Bills are-rlhe Friendly, Societies Bill, the Courts of Appeals Abolition Bill, two Bills for amending the Registration Bill of 1862, the Impounding Act Amendment Bill, the Government Advertisements Bill, the i-istrict Councils Act Amendment Bill, the Tires of Wheels Bill, the Ministers' Salaries Seduction Bill, the Germain Immigration Bill, the Boads, Bridges and Drainage Works Loan Bill, the Seal Estate Descent Bill, the Mineral Laws Bill, and the Joint Stock Companies Bill. There have been some very important Select: Committees during the past session, first and greatest of which, towering over all the others, is the Tipara Committee, whose report, however, the House of Assembly refused to adopt. Com mittees have also sat upon the Seal Estate Descent Bill, the Registration of Deeds Bill, the Port Adelaide Water Supply Bill, the Drainage from Wallaroo Mines Bill, the National Bank Act Amendment Bill, and one or two others. We this day reprint, without abridgement, Mr. Torrens's excellent paper on the question of transportation, as read before the British Asso ciation for the Advancement of Science. The paper has been corrected by the author, and published as a pamphlet by Mr. Sidgway, of Picadilly, our present reprint being taken verbatim et literatim from the pamphlet. We need not eulogise Mr. Torrens's efforts to pro mote the interests of the colony in reference to this important subject, as his labors require no commendation. Whatever difference of opinion may exist between him and some of his fellow colonists on other points, we apprehend men of all classes and of all shades of opinion will acknow ledge the excellent service which he is rendering the colony in connection with the really vital question discussed in his lecture. He has shown that he is not a man of one idea, however per severingly he may prosecute any particular object to which he attaches importance. Few Government officers would spend a holiday as Mr. Torrens has spent his, and we believe that he will receive, as we are sure he deserves, the thanks of his fellow-colonists. The LffPEEiAi Act, cap. 84, 26th and 27th Viet., raiseB a very important question as re gards the construction of colonial Acts of Par liament. The Statute referred to is the well known measure intituled ' An Act to: confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.' The preamble having set forth that ' doubts are en tertained respecting the validity of divers Acts passed by the Legislature of South Australia for the purpose of altering the Constitution of the Legislative Council and House of Assembly of the said colony,' &c;, — the Act proceeds to declare that 'all laws heretofore passed or pur porting to have been passed by any colonial Legislature with the object of declaring or alter ing the Constitution- of such Legislature, or of any branch thereof, or the mode of appointing or electing members of the same,' &c.; — shall have the same force and effect as if full powers to enact such laws had been possessed, and as if such laws had been passed with all the due formalities and conditions required. Now, with regard to this Imperial Act two or three points are well worthy of consideration. In the first place the Act relates to colonial enactments declaratory of, or emendatory of Constitution and Electoral Acts, — and to none others. In the next place the Imperial Act, though made to apply all Her Majesty's .possessions abroad — except India, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man — originated in the circum stances of South Australia only ; the preamble citing, as the cause of the Act, the doubts that had arisen in South Australia, and in South Australia alone. If, therefore, it is allowable to look beyond the text of the Act for the inten tions of its framers, the ' doubts ' that had been communicated to the Home Government with respect to certain Acts passed in this ? colony would afford a key to such intention. The pre amble affirms that doubts exist as to the validity Df certain South Australian Acts, and mentions no other Acts than those of South Australia. The Acts brought specifically under the notice of the Home Government were the Registration Act of 1862 and the Electoral Act of 1861. The Duke states distinctly in his despatch accom panying the Imperial Act, that that measure was introduced into the British Parliament for the express purpose of removing the doubts that had arisen in connection with the two measures above mentioned. If, therefore, we may take the Governor's despatch to the Duke — ashing for the Imperial Act, and the Duke's despatch to the Governor, transmitting the Imperial Act, in connection with the special reference made in the preamble of the Act to the doubts that had been expressed with regard to certain South Australian enactments— there can scarcely be two opinions as to the intent of the Imperial Act itself; that intent evidently being to remove the doubts pointed out in the correspondence, and adverted to in the preamble to the Act. But it is a grave question whether in the construction of an Act of Parliament we are at liberty to go beyond the precise words and clauses of that Act ; whether we may refer to dispatches or other documents in explanation of the intention of the Legislature or of the mean ing and scope of the enactment ; or whether — discarding all aids to interpretation — we are to gather the meaning and intent of the Act from a simple grammatical* construction of its con tents, and from, that only. Then, again, in seeking to determine the meaning and intent of an Act, from its own contents, are we to look at the title, or preamble, as explanatory of the scope of the clauses, or is the object of the Act simply what the clauses effect and bring to passP It has been hitherto very common to speak of the intention of the Legislature as something that may be ascer tained apart from the Act, as something external to the Act, and which may be gathered from records, from reported speeches, from notoriety, &c.; This ' intention of the Legislature ' is held to be the true ' object ' of an enactment — that is, the object of an Act is precisely, what the Legislature intended that object to be ; and the intention of the Legislature is to be determined according to the general hjws of proof, bjr any description of appropriate! evidence, whether found in the actual wording of the clauses or elsewhere. There can be no doubt that this has been a very common mode of reasoning. And, no doubt, it seems reasonable to hold that the object of an Act is what the Legislature intended to effect by it ; and it seems equally reasonable to hold that the intention: of the Legislature may be established by any kind of evidence pertinent to the enquiry. . But another view of the matter has of late been brought prominently forward. The 'object' of an Act was declared in Parliament by Mr, E. I. Stow to be simply what the Act effected. It mattered not whether that effect was contem plated in the preamble and included in the title or not. It signified nothing whether it was or was not the intention of the Legislature. . The intention of the. Legislature is nothing, the title : an Act is nothing, its preamble is nothing. The 'object' of an Act is simply what the Act accomplished — whether 'intended' or not; whether expressed in the preamble or not; whether included in the title or not. Whatever is effected by means of an Act, that must {be taken to be the' 'object' of the Act. , According to this reasoning an Act may h^ve for its 'object' what was never contemplated by its framers,, inasmuch as they may .have inserted words that have an effect not intended or con templated at the time of their insertion. It was certainly not intended by the Registration Act of 1862 to alter the Constitution, yet as that Act closed the old Registry Office, it is held by a majority of the Supreme Court to have in effect altered the Constitution ;. and. Mr. Stow's doc trine — that the object of an Act is what it effects — points to the conclusion that the object of an Act, and the intention of the framers of an Act, may be two entirely different things. The 'intent' of the Act is what its framers meant it to effect; the object of the Act is what it actually does effect. This view of the object of an Act is called by the Chief Justice its object 'in legal contem plation.' But as the ' legal contemplation' of an Act is precisely the view of it which must be judicially taken, we are not at all surprised to find two out of the three Judges agreeing with Mr. Stow in his definition of the object of an Act. In the case of Auld v. Murray, recently heard in the Supreme Court, an interesting conversa tion passed between the Bench and the Bar on the point above raised. Mr. Fenn took the same objection to the Real Property Act that had been taken against the Registration Act, namely, that in prohibiting the registration of leases in the old Registry Office it altered the Constitution . by destroying the franchise of leaseholders. The Chief Justice replied that if that was the case the Real Property Act would be. an Act for amending the Constitution Act, and as such would be made valid by the recent Imperial Act. Mr. Fenn contended that though the Real Property Act might alter the Consti tution Act. it was not an hat for altering it, and that an effect might be produced that was not in tended. The Chief Justice replied that in legal contemplation the object of every Act was what that Act effected ; that, in legal contempla tion, the object of every Act, deed, trust, &c.; was what it effected. Mr. Justice Gwynne said that an Act could not produce any effect that was not its object. Mr. Justice Boothby appeared to differ, remarking that an Act might fail in its object ; and that the preamble of an Act showed the intention of the Legislature. It will be seen that the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne agree in their definition of the object of an Act, and we should think that the result of this agreement will be to restore to its full force the Registration Act of 1862; for though the Chief 'Justice and Mr. Gwynne differ as to the effect of that Act — the one holding that it does, and the other that it does not, amend the Constitution — they will probably both agree in now upholding its provisions ; the Chief Justice on the ground that it never was invalid, and Mr. Gwynne on the ground that it was invalid, but is now made good by the Imperial Act. The Chief Justice thinks that its effect or ' object' — was not to alter the Constitution, and that it is valid perse. Mr. Justice Gwynne bhinks that its effect — or ' object' — was to alter the Constitution, but that it was consequently validated by the Imperial Act passed for the purpose of curing defects in Acts having for their ' object' (that is, effecting) an alteration of the Constitution. If we are not mistaken as to the practical consequences of these opinions,, the Government will have — after all — to close the old Registry Office, pursuant to the provisions of the Act of 1862. We wosdee that efforts have not been made to localize the alpaca in this colony, as there are undoubtedly large tracts of country admirably adapted for the purpose. In the other colonies strenuous endeavours are being made to that end, and we are surprised that so little is thought of it here, A few years ago the New Zealand Government offered to give 50 acres of hind for every alpaca introduced, the alpacas to continue to be the property of the importers, the restriction being that the animals should be confined to the hind granted for the purpose. The Tasmanian and Queensland Governments have also made proposals for the purpose of securing the importation of the alpaca. The obtaining of these animals is, however, a work of some difficulty, the Governments of Peru and Bolivia — whence the animals are procured — having refused general permission to remove them, Mr. A. J. Duffield, and some gentlemen associated with him, being apparently the sole licensees of the above Governments. A few days ago Mr. Duffield,' in company with Mr. J. H. Clough, waited upon the Victorian Minister of Lands, in order to ascertain if some adequate encouragement would be afforded for the further introduction of the alpaca into Victoria. Mr. Heales said that the question was one which he, as an individual minister, could not entertain ; it must be dealt with by the whole Cabinet. We understand that it will be immediately submitted to the Government in another form, and that it will then be made a Cabinet question. It appears from Mr. Duffield's statement that unless he can get a Government subsidy loss results from the importation of the alpaca, as the 'expense attending their intro duction is so great. No doubt the naturalization of the alpaca is an enterprise accompanied by much risk and expense ; but, once accomplished the result would be highly advantageous both to individuals and to the community, Thebe is, and has been for some time past, considerable sickness in and around Adelaide, scarlatina being very prevalent, and many fatal cases having occurred. People are naturally enough beginning to enquire into the causes of all this, and whilst some blame the Waterworks for excess of moisture, others blame the In spector of Nuisances for neglect of dnty. We would not venture' to say that this way of ac counting for the prevailing sickness is purely rum causa pro causa; — we would not go so far as to affirm that the water supply involves no unhealthy consequences, or that there is nothing deleterious in the prevalence of noxious gases which it is the duty of the Inspector of Nui sances to banish. But there is just one con sideration, — which we mention in justice to the Waterworks and the impeached Inspector, namely, that a considerable amount of sickness, including scarlatina in fatal forms, has for some time past prevailed where neither Waterworks nor Inspectors of Nuisances have yet obtained a footing. We must therefore look deeper! into the causes of things before arriving at a satisfactory explanation of the present con dition of the public health. The small quantity of water wasted from the taps is scarcely worth mentioning in comparison with the pooh? and lakes that an unusually, wet spring have created ; and although we are inclined to look with greater apprehension upon the existence of nuisances such as those which our municipal authorities are in duty bound to suppress, it is evident that the numerous cases of scarlatina, and other diseases of the same order that occur in hitherto salubrious country districts, must be attributed to some other cause — to some cause affecting in common the health both of the urban and rural population. . It is a great misfortune that in a young com munity like this we have no properly recognised Board of Health, nor organisation of any kind for studying the sanitary conditions that ought to be enforced or recommended with a view to reducing to a . minimum preventable disease. ' Prevention,' says the old adage,..' is -better- than cure,' but colonial practice reverses the old adage and says that 'cure is better than prevention.' We have plenty of doctors to tell us what to do when we are taken ill ; but not one to tell us how to keep well. There was a great deal of sense in the Oriental whp.paid his medical attendant whilst in good health, and stopped his pay immediately on the approach of sickness. It was true philosophy, and there are few persons, we imagine, but would rather pay to avoid phvsic than to take it. But fashion dominates every thing, and it is the fashion to study the laws of disease, not the laws of health ; we are physicked when. -sick, but are not admonished when well. In England, for many years past, the science of hygiene has been studied with incalculable advantage to all classes of the community. The various Boards of Health are ever on the look out to anticipate disease by detecting its predisposing causes and various agencies, the result being the literal addition of many years to the lifetime of the whole popula tion.- Domiciliary visits are made; unhealthy localities are purged of their impurities ; nuisances are abated ; hints and suggestions for popular use are from time to time published and circulated; the experience gamed in one district is compared with that gamed in another, — and though there may be fewer pills and potions required, the medical profes sion has exalted itself from the position of thriving upon human suffering and premature death, to the much more honorable one of being the regenerator of public health and vigor, the promoter of long life and national wealth and well being. When Mr. Hanson was in power it was promised by the Government that the Golonial Medical Department should furnish periodical reports upon the condition of the public health in this province ; but this good intention has gone, we suppose, to a place where good intentions form the pavement. We have regu larly furnished reports upon the health and sickness of the aborigines, — but as whitefellows can pay for their physic and their funerals, it is needless to trouble about them. We have periodical returns and reports as to the health or otherwise of our sheep and cattle ; and though it has been said that a man is better than a sheep, we incline to the belief that this is an idea confined principally to the other hemis phere. We think, however, that the sanitary condition of the people is a question as well worthy of consideration here as it is admitted to to be elsewhere. We spend large sums of money in the introduction of immigrants ; and even on the ground of economy should endea vour to preserve and prolong lives that are so valuable to the state as to justify this immense annual outlay. It must be borne in mind that with the resumption of immigration the public health will require to be more closely watched, inasmuch as every summer there will be a number of personsaotacclimatised,andupon whom change of temperature, change of diet, altered habits of life, &c;, must necessarily operate more or less injuriously, apart from that general supervision and experienced counsel which in the old cities of Europe are universally afforded, and which — a fortiori — ought to be granted to a commu nity of new comers. That the medical men of South Australia would gladly fall in. with some well devised plan for exercising supervision over the public health, and would occasionally report upon the predisposing causes of. epidemic disease, and upon the remedial and preventive measures that are necessary, we have not the slightest doubt. No doubt all has been done that skill and care could do for the numerous victims of scarlatina and other diseases that of late have been so prevalent, but if an equal amount of care had been exercised in studying the condi tions of health as in battling with the ravages jf disease, our colonial obituary would have been less mournfully furnished. Phe time foe the Municipal elections being near at hand, it behoves the ratepayers to con aider carefully the merits and demerits of the various candidates for their suffrages. It is true, the sphere of municipal action is so much more circumscribed than that of parliamentary, as to divest civic elections of a great deal of the importance that attaches to elections for the Legislature ; but after all abatement on this score it still remains that the position of a Mayor or a Town Councillor is one of great responsibility. Nor need we say that where weighty responsi bilities are well discharged, honor must result in proportion. Although Municipal Councillors are, officially, unconnected with politics, their opportunities for useful practical legislation are scarcely, if at all, inferior to those of members of Parliament, and their powers — both as respects the raising and the expenditure of money — are very considerable. In short, no ratepayer can afford to be indifferent as to who are his representatives in the Council Chamber any more than he can be with regard to the qualifications of his representatives in the Legis lature. Municipal institutions contain the germs of national liberiy, nor can we desire a better proof of the assertion than is supplied by the jealous care with which in France and other centralising countries the action of the municipalities is watched, regulated, limited, and checked by the Central Executive. The limited kind of self government exercised by burgesses through the medium of elective Councillors, prepares the citizens as a body to take a more effectual part in the fuller develop ment of self-government, as exhibited in the legislation and government of a nation. Municipalities have, indeed, often proved them selves to be the nurseries of politicians ; and South Australia is no exception to the rule. Some of our most matured and experienced par liamentarians have passed their noviciate in the City Council. But altogether apart from this consideration — a consideration, by the way, which has not been deemed unworthy of attention by statesmen and journalists at home — we may content ourselves with the ground of the inherent importance of civic functions, and consequently the necessity of returning ' fit and proper ' men to discharge them. We hope that not only will Adelaide exercise a wise and enlightened choice, but that similar discrimina tion will operate in the return of Councillors and Mayors for the suburban and country Municipalities. The ratepayers require no in struction as to wiw are most eligible; and all we will therefore add is the expression of a hope that neither party feeling, local prejudice, nor reckless indifference, may find place in the coming elections ; but that all who are entitled to vote will vote, and that those condidates may be elected who will well and wisely expend the money of the ratepayers, and sustain the re spectability of the offices they hold. A vest long and in many respects curious trial has recently been concluded in England* As the report of the proceedings is measured, not merely by columns of 'type, but by pages, all we can do is to trace a brief sketch of the proceedings. The parties to the suit were a Mr. Woolley on the one hand and theSun, Atlas, and some other fire offices on the other. Mr. Woolley occupied an ancient mansion between Kensington and Bayswater known as Campden House, upon which, with the furniture and works of art it contained, he had effected insur ances amounting to £29,000. In March 1862 Campden-House was burnt to the ground, and its valuable contents destroyed, whereupon Mr. Woolley churned the sums for which he had insured, payment of which was, however, re fused by the offices. It was alleged that Mr. Woolley wilfully fired his house ; and hence the proceedings, though nominally instituted by Mr. Woolley for the recovery of the money, were, substantially, the trial of Mr. Woolley himself for arson. The circumstances of the case are very remark able. Campden House itself is rich in historic associations, and would quite suffice to render the fire ' celebrated,' even were there nothing romantic about Mr. Woolley. . The mansion, which stood adjacent to the far-famed Holland House — the scene of splendour, politics, and intrigue — was built in the year 1612 by Sir Baptist Hicks, subsequently created Viscount Campden, and after whom the mansion was designated. It was a favorite resort of King Charles U. and his roystering nobles and com panions ; it was also the residence of Queen Anne ; and after many mutations of ownership became the property of Mr. Woolley in the year 1854\. It ought to be mentioned that Mr. Woolley had resided there for several years previously, but in 1854 he obtained a 99 years' lease, with covenants compelling him to repair the house, or— should it be destroyed — rebuild it. The counsel for Mr. Woolley dwelt at great length upon this last covenant, and proved that if the £29,000 were paid to their client he would cer tainly have to spend not less than £12,090 in re building the house, the balance being altogether insufficient to replace the magnificent furniture and the treasures of art which the mansion con tained. That a house which — prior to numerous costly improvements, was the abode of a Queen, and the favorite resort of a King — should, after those improvements, be valued, with all its con tents at £29,000, will excite no surprise whatever, and probably the fire offices would not have resisted the claim, or suspected anything wrong, had it not been for the antecedents of Mr. Woolley. His style of living was magnificent in the extreme ; his parties — varying from 300 or 400 to 1,000 guests of a night — were lavishly supplied. To a gorgeous ball-room he added a private theatre, and for years past Mr. Woolley was one of the lions of the West End. Now as all that was known of him was that he commenced life alternately as a clerk, a waiter, and a subordinate play-actor, the fire offices — though taking his premiums readily enough — were advised that he was just the kind of man to suspect, and as the wish was doubtless father to the thought, they roundly charged him with firing the house in order to obtain possession of the amounts for which it was insured. La the course of the trial many curious reve lations were made. About the time when Mr. Woolley was discharging the duties of waiter or general servant to Mr. Raggett he was lucky enough to secure the good opinions of a Miss Coape, who brought him a fortune of £35,000. At this time Campden House, though then much Out of repair, attracted his attention, and he forthwith became its occupant. Mr. Woolley's sister-in-law, like his wife, possessed a fortune of £35,000, and the two ladies at once entered into his -views with regard to the mansion. Their fortunes were principally expended in fitting it up and furnishing it. The reports of its splendour are too long to quote, but it appears that Campden House soon became a perfect blaze of carving, gilding, mirrors, tapestry chandeliers, paintings, statuary, and works of art and decoration of every imaginable kind. Mr. Woolley kept a carver and gilder perpetually employed in the house, just as he kept his groom or butler. In fact, he devoted the energies of his life to perfecting the arrangements of his mansion, and in this ambition he was supported by all the ardour and no small portion of the wealth of his wife's family. As it was in King Hudson's case, so in Mr. Woolley's — the splen dour of his establishment, the magnitude of his entertainments, and the apparently inexhaustible nature of his resources.rendered him the centre of attraction. Fashionable society crowded his levees, and even the Duchess of Cambridge honored with a royal visit the fortunate owner of Campden House. But as people cannot eat and drink carvings, and paintings, and works of art ; as the magni ficence of a ball-room does not serve instead of supper ; and as servants do not engage them selves for the honor or pleasure of the thing, as guests accept invitations — it will readily be understood that as Mr. Woolley's fortune was absorbed hi the embellishments of Campden House, he must have been in some occasional difficulties with regard to domestic expenses. These difficulties appear to have been sur mounted by means of the desperate expedient of giving] bills and renewing them. Sometimes, however, he would cover up his furniture, dis band his establishment, and leave Campden House for privacy and economy. In this way the thrift of one year assisted to some extent in redeeming the extravagance of another. During one of these periods of absence a catastrophe occurred which, though set down daring his career of gloryas an accident, and nothing more, was — after the burning of Campden House — reproduced under a totally different designation. At Tunbridge his wife was accidentally drowned, and after the suspicion of arson had spread abroad, nothing was morenatural to the lovers of sensation than to conclude that the man who set fire to his house doubtless also drowned his wife ! But we must briefly advert to the circumstances connected with the fire. In March, 1862, Mr. Woolley and his butler were at Brighton, Campden House being in charge of the carver and gilder (Temple), bis wife, and a boy. In the course of the month Mr. Woolley and his butler returned from Brighton to London, and on the 22ud of that month dined at one of the Clubs. They re paired, in the evening, to Campden House, which contained at the time (with the exception of a few articles removed to Brighton) all the furniture, fittings, paintings, and valuables, everything moveable being covered with holland wrappers, and the walls hung with druggets. Temple, his wife, and son, had their sleeping apartments at one end of the mansion ; Mr. Woolley and his butler had theirs at the other. The inmates were all in bed, and the house was shut up at 11 o'clock. In two or three hours Mr. Woolley was awakened by a furious crack ling noise, and, getting out of bed, found the house in flames. The mansion was ancient, the corridors long, the currents of air created by the fire powerful,, and the. names spread with extraordinary rapidity, Nothing could, be saved, and Mr. Woolley and his butler 1 bad some difficulty in making their escape. ^ So quickly did the fire spread that ! the Temples were with difficulty saved , from the other end of the building. Mr. , Woolley first of all ran to arouse them, and their 1 escape was a very narrow one. No one knows ] how the fire originated ; no one appears to have ; seen it till the flames were emerging from all the doors and windows, and the whole work of - destruction was completed in an hour and a i half. The suddenness of the catastrophe sug- J gested the idea that not only had the house been '. Bet on fire, but that it had been fired iu many different places; and this was alleged in the : general accusation against Mr. Woolley by the Fire Offices. The verdict was for Mr. Woolley, and the opinion of the London press is in favor of that verdict. It is generally admitted that the Fire Offices were badly advised in resisting the claim, j and that the suspicious circumstances adduced on their behalf totally failed to support the charge of arson. The Daily News, in comment- i ing upon the trial, speaks as follows : — 'Few houses are uninsured; but Mr. Woolley being a man of business, having borrowed money ? upon the security of his furniture from Miss ' Coape, and being under a legal obligation to rebuild, in case of fire, had followed the usual course. The house could not be rebuilt for less ' than £12,000 ; he had borrowed £17,000 from ] his sister-in-law, £13,000 of which was secured, , and as £50,000 had been spent upon the pro- , perty, it is not surprising that the policies , amounted to £29,000. Three of these were in the Sun office— the last being for £5,000, made ' so late as the 4th of November, 1861. As soon : as Mr. Woolley recovered from the effects of the calamity he made his claim upon the insu rance office, and after some hesitation they deter mined to resist his demand. Mr. Woolley brought his action. The burden of proof was of course upon the Company. They were bound to make out that Mr. 'Woolley had wilfully set fire to the house. This they attempted to do by showing that Mr. Woolley had given a false account immediately after the occurrence, and in particular that he had been seen out of the house at 2 in the morning, whereas he swore that he had gone to bed at 11 the previous night; that the house had burned with such marvellous rapidity that it must have been set on fire in several places, and on both floors at once ; and, lastly, that some clothes were found, with which Mr. Woolley intended to escape. But it must be admitted, that the evidence in proof of these facts was by no means satisfac tory. No kind of attempt was made on either side to explain the origin of the fire. The fire was rapid, but then it was an old house with large passages and a great draught ; whilst the witness who undertook to prove that Mr. Woolley was out after 11 could not be relied upon, even if he had been near enough to see him, which he was not. But, besides this, Mr. Woolley had no possible motive for perpetrating the crime attributed to him. The £29,000 which he will obtain from the insurance offices will be all absorbed — £12,000 in rebuilding the house, and £17,000 in repaying his sister. Besides, which, if, as the Company suggested, Mr. Woolley remained silent after setting fire to the house, instead of alarming the Temples, he must have intended the murder of the whole family- In short, as the Judge observed, if Mr. Woolley really set fire to the house he must have been guilty not only of ' arson, but of per jury, fraud, and possibly murder.' Nor is this all; for Crozier, the butler, must have been guilty of the same atrocious crimes. It was suggested, indeed, that Mr. Woolley adopted this plan in order to relieve himself from the burden of inviting his friends, and to enable him to withdraw from, a position which he could no longer occupy. No man in his senses would adopt such diabolical means to compass such a paltry end — even if he had been willing to jeopardise some £30,000 worth of property. Under these circumstances it can be no matter of surprise that the Jury found so little difficulty in coming to a conclusion in favor of Mr. Woolley, and against the insurance offices.' The papees from England are filled with records of modern superstition, — some ludi crously absurd, some tragically serious, — most of them carrying us back to what, in the plenti tude of nineteenth century conceit, we designate the ' dark ages.' Spirit rappers and mediums of all ages and conditions have had their full swing, until — as the Times remarks — their elaborate spiritualism has found its climax in Professor Pepper's ghost! No doubt after awhile the tables, that for the present seem a little tired of turning, will recommence their re volutions ; and the rappers will revive again. But, contrary to all proper ideas of theatrical arrangement, the intervals of the fashionable farce have been filled up with stern and veritable tragedy, — the farce and the tragedy being alike the offspring of superstition, which — as proved by history— is neither limited to ignorance, nor cured by education. One of the dullest' counties in England, — so far, as least, as relates to its lower orders — is the County of Essex, and there a case of witchcraft has occurred that for its bona fides, so far as that expression is applicable, will bear com parison with any of the old stories that at the same time interest and harrow up the imagina tion of childhood. We will give the story in the words of the Times of September 24 : — ' In the parish of Sible Hedingham, in the county of Essex, lived, till last month, an old man who was popularly credited with, super natural powers. He had every qualification suitable to the character. He was aged, he was afflicted, he was eccentric, he was poor, and he was a mystery. No one knew whence he came, what he was, or even what was his name. He was a Frenchman, and he was deaf and dumb, and with those two scraps of information ended all knowledge of the man and his history. J±e had resided at Sible Hedingham in a wretched hut, and all alone, for seven or eight years, when, on the 3rd of August last, he was barbarously hustled away in a crowd of people to the sluice of a water-mill, thrown into the stream, and so cruelly used that about a month afterwards he died, according to medical evidence, of the injuries received. It will be easily seen that the poor creature was ' swum' for a wizard — that is to say, he was thrown into the water in pur suance of the traditions still unhappily surviving. The original idea pointed only to the de tection of diabolical dealings by the floating or sinking of the alleged culprit; but in practice a witch was * ducked ' either as a punish ment for her doings or as a countercharm against her sorceries, and this appears to have been the nature of the atrocity in the case before us. It is a shocking story, but in its particulars will be found much to instruct us. We have first the benefit of a strange piece of evidence. Emma Smith, the wife of a village publican, was, according to the story and the charge, both the victim and the destroyer of this unfortunate wizard. If she proved the death of him, there is reason to believe that he almost proved the death of her. Being charged with the homicide, and asked in due course what she had to allege in her own behalf, she told a story which we are not inclined to discredit. She said that the old Frenchman, who seems to have had no other name than * Dummy,' came to her shop about ten months before and asked leave to sleep in a shed on the premises, which she allowed him to do. A few days afterwards she wanted him to leave, when he ? made signs,' and at length wrote up legibly on a door that she would be ill in ten days' time. The curse was fulfilled. She did sicken, and had remained ill ever since. She believed herself bewitched, could get no good from any of the doctors, and was firmly persuaded that only the wizard himself could cure the evil which he had caused. This was the origin of the case, and the details of the catastrophe were supplied by other wit nesses. The rendezvous at the public-house on the fatal night appears to have been accidental. The taproom was full of people, including Mrs. Smith and poor old 'Dummy.' Mrs. Smith was bewailing her sickness, and charging it all on 'Dummy's ' witchcraft. She turned to him and begged him to remove the charm. She said that if he would go back home with her and do her good she would give him three sovereigns, and use him well. When these proposals were ex plained to him he ( drew his fingers across his throat,' meaning, it seems, that he would rather iave his head cut off than consent. It was after ;hese good words had failed that the men pre lent began to 'twist him about,' till at length ie got out of the house, Then, through iome instinct or instigation, he was hustled or fragged to a brook adjacent, and from the brook ;o the deeper water of a mill- head, where, ^ nainly, as is alleged by the woman Smith and a man committed with her for trial, he was swum.' He survived this inhuman handling, md found people charitable enough to help him iome, but the shock was too much for a poor shaky old creature of fourscore, and, after * ingering till the 4th of this month, he ex pired.' No doubt the woman Smith (who is com mitted for trial) was ' bewitched ;' that is, sh© was really and truly brought under the spell of bhe old man's incantations ; and it is equally elear that he was aware of his power over her, and wished to retain his influence as an unde niable guarantee to all the superstitious popu lace around. Of course the delusion consists in bhe supposition that he had dealings with the Evil One ; but apart from this, all the elements attributed to ancient witchcraft were in force in the present instance; — and as the infatuated Bvoman believed in demoniacal agency also, the parallel — so far as she was concerned — was com plete. But we are not quite sure whether the proman Smith believed more firmly in the de noniacal inspiration of 'Dummy' than the aeople of quality who recently inspected the jelebrated ' crystal ball,' believed in the really niraoulous nature of its revelations. Certainly we have met with no cases of superstitious cre lulity amongst the poor that may not be pa* ralleled amongst the wealthy and titled. Apropos of the last remark, we find that another ' Winking Madonna ' has broken out in Italy. A correspondent of the Tablet, who went to Vicovaro to see this prodigy, thus outbids in credulity the hinds of Sible Hedingham : — 'At first entering the church I took my place in the crowd, but in front of the altar and immediately in view of the picture, at a distance of not more than five or six yards. For some ten minutes nothing took place, and as the mass proceeded I got tired of watching and almost , forgot the matter, and by the time of the conse- nT cration was thinking of anything but the miracle. The ringing of the bell and the movement of the people falling on their knees for the elevation shook me out of my fit of absence ; and, looking mechanically to the altar, I saw what I shall never forget, if I live a hundred years. The picture was no longer a picture ; it was a living human face— the eyes raised almost to tension of the muscles, tbje pupils nearly lost, and the white alone visible ; the color in the face had faded to a deadly paleness, and the brows fol lowing the movement of the eyes were drawn together with an expression of asronv perfectly awful to witness. The whole face was agitated : bhe lips, the muscles of the cheeks moved in sympathy with the upper part of the face, and the change was altogether one from a pretty (that is the exact word), childlike, mild Madonna to a Mater DoloroBa of terrible in tensity of power. No mechanical contri vance could have produced such a change — ? no power of imagination wrought such a com plete revolution in the entire character and ex pression of the face; and the effect of the phenomena on me, coming as they did in my own case at a moment when I was not thinking of them, and was entirely distracted from the matter, was such as almost to cause a physical revulsion, so obvious and so unearthly were they. The face continued to retain the phenomenal character some minutes, then, returned to its normal state, but reassumed the miraculous ex pression several times in the following mass, and very remarkably indeed during the chauutiug of the Litanies. What I have here recorded was what I myself saw — what I would state on oath in a court of justice occurred, and which accords entirely with the testimony of those who, com missioned by the Holy Father, went to test the trata of the miracle and returned perfectly satisfied of its reality, of which they have signed formal depositions.' The Monitore (Roman paper) of September S vouches for the miracle as a fact beyond all doubt, and adds that the Bishop went to the church on the previous Sunday and ' gave communion himself from a beautifully worked silver pyx presented by the Pope. Of course the miracle is a matter of devout and honest belief on the part of thousands, even as it is a rank cheat on the part of others. There is, however, a chance of this pretty piece of impo sition being exploded, on a well known principle which we need not more particularly mention, inasmuch as the Bishop of Tivoli, in whose diocess the Church and moving picture are, has put in a claim for a share of the profits, which the cure resisting, the Bishop threatens law, and is further reported to have said — he doubts whether the image winks at all I Had we space at command we could easily multiply instances of the credulity of the 19th century, — instances neither confined to nation nor ereed, but we must close with one more - case : — ' At last Loughgall (County Antrim) Petty Sessions, James Hagan was summoned by his wife, Sarah Hagan, for gross illtreatment, the cause of which was the loss of a talisman which Hagan believed enabled him to become invisible at certain times and places. This myste rious power is communicated by the pos session of ' a dead man's finger. It certainly must have once been part of a very bad man, for its possessor seems to have used it for very bad purposes, his wife having sworn that he kept it because by means of it he could enter any man's dwelling, go behind his counter, and rob his drawers without being observed or detected, This was her evidence ; but she could not say if the finger had ever been so employed. No doubt to a thief such a relic would be valuable. Hagan regarded it in that light ; it v endowed him with a charmed existence, and, because his wife could not account for it, he gave her a most unmerciful beating, and threatened to take her life. The truth appears to be that the poor woman became alarmed at the conduct of her husband in carrying about the finger, and she buried it in a neighbor's field and forgot the place of interment. No excuse would satisfy Hagan. He would have the finger, and nothing but the finger ; so that the poor woman, failing to discover it, was beaten almost to death. The Bench, having com mented severely on the fellow's misconduct and gross superstition, ordered him to find bail to keep the peace for 12 months. Stbenttous efforts are now being made in Mel bourne to establish a ' Servants' Home,' — and considerable encouragement has been already afforded to the promoters of the scheme. There, as here, the ' Servants' Home ' is the result of the benevolent endeavors of a few ladies ; but! whilst the same laudable motives and influential agency operate in both colonies, the object con templated in each is somewhat different. la South Australia the primary object of the Ser vants' Home is the reception of newly arrived female immigrants, with a view to secure them against the temptations to which persons of their class are necessarily exposed on their first land ing — and often without friends — in anew country. But the Servants' Home just initiated in Mel bourne excludes newly arrived immigrants altogether, and opens its doors only to those females who are temporarily out of situations, and desire re-engagements. The Melbourne Ser vants' Home is designed for all classes of female domestic servants (of whom there are 20,000 hi ^ Victoria), needlewomen, and governesses. We think, however, that governesses out of situa tions ought to be provided for in some other way, for it is by no means conducive to the wel fare of the rising generation that the chil dren of the middle and upper classes o colonial society should be taught to look upon governesses as servants, which they are sure to do, if they know that Mamma j has been to the ' Servants' Home' to hire 'a scullerymaid and a governess,' both of whom ? will probably come with their boxes by the same \omuibus. The inexpediency of this arrange* ment, as respects its effect upon, the minds of pupils — to say nothing of the gratuitous degra dation which, it inflicts upon a class of women oftentimes greatly the superiors of their em ployers, and who certainly are not servants — is self-evident, and we shall therefore not attempt to argue what needs but to be simply stated. Governesses oat of engagements may, indeed, from their habits of life, stand more in need of charity even than cooks and housemaids ; bat both for their own sake, and for the sake of those whose oharaeters they so largely contribute to mould and fashion — some other and more suitable kind of arrangement is necessary. The Melbourne ladies have formed a Com mittee, under whose direction the Prince of Wales Hotel in Flinders-lane has been taken and is being fitted up for a Servants' Home. Like the Adelaide Servants' Home — which was a public-house — we do not Hunk the choice a very eligible one. A matron has been appointed, and the Committee of ladies are now busily employed in arranging the details of the new establishment. Whether its regulations have or have not been published we do not know ; we should think they had not. The Melbourne Age highly commends the movement, but re. grets that new arrivals are excluded, as the first year of the female immigrant's career is that which most especially — says the ^^—'deter- mines the moral tendencies.' The Argus fore sees difficulties, though not insuperable .ones. It states that the scheme is inaugurated under very favorable auspices, and has been launched at a moment very favorable for the undertaking. There is, however, a dash of irony in the way in which the Argus deals with the question. It is remarked that ' to the persistent efforts of the ladies of Melbourne, society is to be indebted for a final solution of the problem of servant galism — a problem that has created consterna tion among us for years whenever it has been contemplated, that has defied the ingenuity of domestic philosophers, and threatened the sanity of more than one housewife. From henceforth a new and a brighter era opens up for the parlour and the pantry. There will be peace in the kitchen, and goodwill among cooks and their mistresses. The millennium has arrived for paterfamilias, and the employer will at length be encouraged to assert his natural claims on the employed. In the meantime, we are loth to interrupt his vision by reminding him that at present he only catches sight of the promised land from a distant Fisgah. The pro moters of the design we are concerned about must be very sensible that their labour has only just begun. Charitable schemes of this kind it is the easiest thing in the world to initiate ; the difficulty rests in their management and sub sequent development.' In further commenting upon this institution the Argus says, — ' The success of the Home will depend on its ulti mate career ; and the promoters of it readily appreciate the difficulties that most beset it, and, we doubt not, are folly alive to the nature and gravity of the responsibilities they are incurring. Their scheme rests with themselves, whether it will be a good or an evil -a benefit or a nuisance to society. Theoretically, it is an unmitiged good ; practically, it might work in calculable harm. Tne plan of herding young unmarried girls of every class, not probably schooled against temptation, into an establishment which by its situation alone might reasonably be supposed to offer peculiar temptations, carries its dangers on the face of it. Where, then, there is so much room for evasion, there will be a greater necessity for vigilance. The supervision must seeds be careful and unflaereinsr. where any remissnesa of supervision might be productive of consequences that we trust have been duly considered, and adequately legislated against. The institution has to deal with a class proverbially inaccessible to treatment, and its regulations cannot be made with too nice discrimination. It should of coarse be made independent of the benevo lence of the public as soon as possible, and, for its own sake, find its means of support within its own walls. It has been indebted as yet to a liberal co-operation out side, but subscriptions will not last, and Government aid will not snpply all its wants. The Home will doubtless have to meet competition, and it will be necessary that it should offer superior attractions to its constituents to what are held out elsewhere. At the same time it would be a mischief, tantamount to a premium on idleness, if its attractions were such as to convert a system of casual relief into a permanent subsidy to poverty. The pro posal to adopt a moderate scale of charges, to apply them uniformly and without exception, and to adhere to them firmly, is therefore justified on principles of policy, which, the inmates of the establishment will soon learn to appreciate.' We hare been induced to place these extracts before our readers because we have in our own metropolis a ' Servants' Home,' — founded, in deed, on a broader basis than that of Melbourne, inasmuch as it especially contemplates the re ception of newly arrived immigrants. Ours is also more of a Government institution, and, therefore, one that comes more naturally and properly under Parliamentary surveillance. It cannot be doubted that if the policy of Govern ment immigration is to prevail, it is the duty of the Government to see that due provision is made for the reception of the unprotected and unbefriended females that are brought out to this colony at the public cost. In this view of the case we do not consider that the present Servants' Home is at all suitable. 'With regard to its operations nothing is officially known ; ? the Crown lands Department, chargeable with all that relates to Immigration, does not report upon it ; and— so far as we are aware-^the In stitution does not report to the Crown Lands department. It occupies an'anomalous position ; it is a Government establishment independent of the Government, — and we hope early in the next .session that it will be placed on a more clearly defined footing. To the ladies who now voluntarily undertake its management the highest praise is due, and so far as the domestic economy of the ' Home' is concerned it may be safely left in the same excellent hands. Were it an institution like .the Melbourne Home ? an institution excluding immigrants, and simply receiving servants temporarily out of place, no Government supervision would be needed ; but regarded not only as a Servants' Home, but as an Immigration Depot, it ought to be brought xnor£ immediately under the control of Govern ment and the authority of Parliament. Were the Legislature to deal with the subject in a manner commensurate with its importance, one of the first steps would be to remove the ' Home' i from the present unsuitable premises. It is no doubt desirable for .the convenience of all parties Aatihe 'Home' should be in town, but the house i should not directly abut upon a leading thorough f re; thereoughttobe an enclosed garden, orother Tiece of ground, where the inmates could breathe flesh air and take healthful exercise. We throw o A these suggestions for consideration, and in t e belief that Parliament will see the propriety of dealing with the question next session. A meeting of the Central Boad Board was held on / Tuesday, November 17, when all the Commissioners were present, excepting Mr. A. Hallett. The business / transacted involved nothing strikingly important, v' although of interest to the various districts eon ] earned. Dr. Burton made a strenuous effort to obtain a grant of money from the Board in order that h» Council might advance the contractor a por tion of the money that would be due to him for making the Marion-road. The Board expressed themselves anxious to assist in the matter as much as possible, but declined to advance any money until some of the work was passed by the Surveyor. The Government wrote requesting that the Board would luidertoke the expenditure of the £1,500 granted by Parliament ; for repairing the road from ^reeling Station to Greenock, and hopingthat they would not delay the matter, as they were anxious to do all thev A could to foster the trade of the Murray iato IZ ^uJ' -A TS? *'?* offering *o construct the road by. aid of the railway apparatus much more eoonomically and expeditiously than any one else ™£5 ^°i * « ? W-£?' he '^ at the Present time 1,000 bales of wool at Blanchetown which mast come to the Port by way of Freeling, and his desire was to secure this trade to the railway. This being bis object, he would make the road at cost priceTrhe natter was referred to the Surveyor to report, but a doubt was thrown out that by the Act the Board were bound to advertise for tenders for all works. From correspondence which was laid before the Board it. seems likely that the ferry at Wellington wai^eobn' lie 'removed further up the river, near Thompson's, where it is said a much better crossing «sa be eeoured, 