I am told that, aa sbim* aa Parliament meela again, Lord Palmerston will ask for u good round suai-somo tay £5?,000, ol lieu £80,0(10-ta ru .ko up tboamount ncoossary to erecta suitable mernot lal to l'rinco Albert. 1 besitute, 'however, to believe lt, a'lbongli the authority wttild no ru to indicate that'll ls really more than gossip.- lllurtraud Time« The T/me** oorres/oiident confirm* tho »Ury of therm,ic ror Napoleon's wish to be oleotod to tho Aoadoniy. His Mnjoaly mentioned it himself nt tho te:epiton of M. Octave Feuillet, saying, " I have for homo time p st Leen trying to muke myself worthy of you some day.'' Tho Academl o nus unsent did.not respond, tut Ibu Enij-tror ia- said to be cecious. ' ?? '? Two men wore attraoted by the eries of a boy in, a field, mar Lu*estoft, nnd on going to him found there waa a Ursa rat in the ho d which' lind been chasing bim »bont all the afternoon, and prevented his getting at his dinner, whiob was rollt d up in bia coat by the side of tho hedge. One nf tbe men alt'>nked ti e rot,' which Hew nt him, und Lilied it witt a slick. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean have terminated their en page. rut nt the I\ince-»'s Thea're, wblob is olrsed till the '27th of MUT the interval to he devoted to the prod e- ... tion of a new drama from the Fi ec oh, adapted by Mr.. George Vining, and full of moving accidents hy flood and he'd. The famous Gener.ii Ligonier plays a prominent ' ; part in the piece, aud there are to be some 'ttteot' of' a .ii »triking, not to say sensational character. The part of the heteine it to be sustained, we believe, by Miss Amy Sedgwick. Altogether the piece is expected o test the . resources of the new management, and is looked for with <: interest. , , . ?' . A Cul LD's IDEA OF DEATH.- AU infant Jupiter (for he exactly re em Wes that figure hy K-ynoMs,) two years old last fc\sbrnarv, walking out with his maid over, the-church- ... y.ird yesterday met the corpses of . two little children on , i tletr progress to the grave. The dear Infant came home., deeply moved by the sight; and'hanging at my knee*;' ' willi eyes expressive of the most earnest woe b gan to tell '. ',, me what he had seen, and it waa ¡ri theta words;.-< Two little children, bier me, (pointing to his own breast,) put in ',' collins- clore ! Naughty servants put tleee ! ' to go un- ' derground, deep-deepr- bu'ricd I-death !" 'All this with the most perfect and emphatic distinctness; The darling speaks as plain as I do. Was not the strergth of the im- - praisi n and the manner in whiob it was imparted' to ma ' pathetically iuterotting in a creature, of two . years and a .half? . Journals and, Correspondence of Thomas Sedge, lot'ck Whalley. ' . ¡- . . . "J., ,À FORLORN KVÍIMÜK.-We had 'just" cónoluiiád dinner '.' ¡ and ;wera preparing to depart,-when, we raw a young and . S'etty giri, with black eyes, running psBt lia .towards, the. 1 ia,: which, at this point, rans ' bolling and''?/¿sming at a";,.' ¡ fearful rate' over laage stoner. There, was a look of wild anguish on her face. . We then saw a man on horseback gal- loping; after ber and a number, of others following. The, ' instant abe reached the stream, the leaped . int" the: beijing-, flood j at the same time, tearing off. her head-dreas, she,. - threw it at the man on horseback, nd waa instantly carried down the river at a frighttul speed. A great rnsh was,. .. made o eave her : st rae- men at work' farther rdoWn the.'.'.1 ' river put til in a »mall boat they' had. bot missed .her i i ' i several jumped on horsebaok and galloped along, the banka as hard »a tb y could ¡ when some dlatanbe beyond her' one', ¡', of them sprang into the stream and enoceejed ini cstohirig . ¡ hold of her, and with much diffionlty' brought her aabore. i . ' The mutier was then cxilained..-, An attachment'had. ' «pru ig np hetween'tbis yoong girl anil a j'onth of her oWh,.': ivillage, but ho being poor had not dared: to a»k her In mar-, i1 riage of her brother, under whose guardianship :ehb witf thus' the young oont,lo had determined to wait more pros- perous days ¡ meansbil ','a rh h old man having become eu amouréd of he,r charms, and' being rejected bj her,, applied i to the brothor"who gave bia consent to tin lr union f ot» . discovering this'she fled from the village and secreted, harv, self ¡ni the or.e whore we found her. .On the muming '.of .' oar arrival, her brother (ihe man whom we had seen ou horseba k) having disco vert d her whereabouts, had sonic to ,'/;, ' take her away, and by foros marry her to the maa, »he ab- hored ; td avoid whioh she preferred death by pluogirg ' into the stream. After a time she bo. an to «how. symptoms ;Of recovery, when T sorrowfully left her, as 'we' had a long' ' ' ride before us. Although, wo,returnt'd this Way we did not 'i stop 'at tbiB village, as wo des ended tlier ver on ? a. raft¿-., ' ' thus ¡we were never able tu learn tho fate of, the-young ¿ , ; damsel so.miraculously saved ; no one bsd eipectid aha ' < would ho tnkon out bf tie water alive. Ontho following-day we had, atrange to s ty, another curious soene where, we,,.,'",, halted'iodine " We' found a group ol men surrounding. , an old w, man, at d, a short distance from them, a groop . pf girls assembled around a verv pretty yoting girl about ' , sixteen years old, who'appeared fluiie unconcerned, and' " j was bu^y oraoklng nute. AB soon as our party approached "?' and tliey observed me, they all hastened to ns, oneriogrne ',!, nn't",some .'ran and, g thercd bilberries ¡ tho, young giri : sith hor nuts never mt red away, but kept casting glances at the group of men and the old woman. I af erwarda found ; ' that abe was her mother, and the six men, all of varions ages' were lovera and candidates for her hand, ore of whoa the . mother thought a moat desirablo matoh. My busbaadr was- ". now called upon to decide the case, whereupon he took ' bis «eat Upon a piooe of ro h. Here tho eld woman and the I lover 1 surrounded him, the talmafh standing by bis side to interpret. Eaoh ona pleaded hia canso wi'h muoh earnest* " ' '.' ness and appatostly with great oloquonoe and fervour, but ' !" their wordn Seomod to fall upon the cara of the maldea without ctTeot, as she remained immovable. One of the/ lovers desonbed the imprcss'u ii her beauty hal made upon" ', him ' another spok of his rank, a third talked of hia skill in -..' ',. - I he chase, a fourth of hi J strength in case ehe needed de« ? fence from man or animal, a Sith of the caro be would take of her, in sickness as in health ; but tbe most eloquont of' all waa an old man ; ho made a long speooh ¡ he spoke of h,!» possofsipns, of ,tho lai d he cultivated, of bia herds of cattle'of his position as the chief of the village and Unaly of the great love'he bore towards the maiden; how lie had watched her dny 'by day growing up from childhood'to->J womanhood.,', Thé old lover b;oaie jiroatly ex.dttd When .? ? all had ceased speaking, the speeobea were iranslated to' ? Mr. Atkinson', who ordered the young girl forward,'«mt asked her, ' through , the medium of the interpréter, whloh . ,ot the suitors she ¡preferred. 'Whereupon she declared if (.he were allowed to choose, she should not content to take .' any oneuf them y as none of those present, pleased her. . Mr. At kineon then suggested that it would be better for her to remain with' her mother till someone proposed for''' " her mórej'tóher',ówu liking,". The Jovtrs"retired satisfied - i ,,' Bi'noe no one had obtained more favour than the other, . The young girl thanked Mr. Atkinson by n smile, bot the tuot'er looked disappointed, aa' abe hod pleaded for .theold man, whose ago appeared more suited to the : mother than to the- daughter, he bti g the old woman'a senior bv ttiany years.-Tartar Steppes and their Inhalt íani». \ ,v.'., ?'?' ' ;;;' '.'',''., ...',..", A Nsw' YORK "OMIIIDB8.~" We'll get into the stage ' ~ said HIV companion,, when wo entered the'street, and l.fol-- . lowed him up the high stops, of an omnibus, which started before I had got-fairly in, and threw me into the Jap of an o'd lady with a large umbra Ia and a small lap dog. that. snarled at my unceremonious' advance*.', She Wade room for me beslJeher,' near tho door' while Air. Johnson'rosé a d Btrugglod between two opposing lines of limbs toward« . a small ro md ! aperture near the .top. where bekrióckcd,,1 with his cents to airest-the attention of the driver < but , failing in that he pulled the strap,- wliioh gavé the latter !. control over tho'door, ai d finally sue'eoedeaf in paying his,'1 fare, and moving back in it stopping posture, and unusually " red In Iiis l'aoo. to hi» seat, which, durtng-hts obst nee, had-1 been ocbupicd by anew-oomer. Mr. Johnson smiled grimly,'-, ' '. and'so did one or two others; bot he said nothing, and . showed his gocd nature by Btauding., I was about to offer him my own seat when the omnibus stopped, and a lady .' entirol. Fha saw tho omnibus WAS full and casts throat-' ening look at me, which I interpreted ns a demand fur my >? seat. 1 he next moment I rose and offered it. ' She took ir, ' ? as a matter of'course, without a word or aThank yoú,V and then bahCed ma a dollar-bill to pass to tho .driver ; but as Mr Johnson was nearer the top, he took charge of it. T'o driver refused to ohange it, whereupon.'somohudy ,, .. handed mo a ten-ct nt piece to poy for her, which west the way of the bill, tboro being a return ol'four contB in'the :' 1 change, which 1 handed book. Tho lady looked on com- ; ; ' *, placently. I cannot tay whotber' she thanked tho gentío- ",''" man who pi id ber fare, but she epptaredto regard tho prc- " -' oeeding ns perfectly right and prober. ;'Tbe_ omnibus' , ' ', stopped «overol tiraos to take in more passengers, some of, ..? '. whom Were deterred from entering by its already over crowd d appoaranoe, but ?others pushed their woy up, aud hu g on to the step and door behind, utterly, regardless,of,' comfort; lt was dump, and cold, and the slr ets were > muddy,'BO tho windows wore all kept shut ; und by unani- mous cunsout, the sixteen poople :nsldo breathed eaob others ' breath, and excluded fresh air, while tho windows triokled with tho vapour. I was glad when,Mr. Johnson pulled the Btrup, nd we alighted. " Thoso stage owners,''»aid he, ' niiiko tho puhho do their work. Thora ought to be á - conductor to evcty stage. ' o receive tlc fares. I had to ' p y no, lora than five different onos, ar,d hand bnok the ohonge,'besides losing my soot."-" .4(1 </ï t-n t7i« Wo-ld." . À GHOST STOUT-Tho namo of Dr. Blomberg has often ', turned nj) in tAio ooursa of tho preceding correspondence. , . , and wo lind it mentioned herein connection with Carlten-,'' ' ',' homo. ! Hi- intimacy « ¡th .tho Boyal family (iroso from a very remarkable circumstance. Uid lather WAR a utltltn oflloer, and in tho earlier part of tho toign of George 111. " '?' he waa quarto od iii the Wont Indies together, with Major ? ' I'orr'aiio, hut in dlO'oront islands, tho latter being in at. Kitt«. Ono night, BS Major Torrlnno anti anotln n flloer '; were lying in tho same room, they, suddenly s,w Blomberg . i . sUnding beforo them. Ou expressing their great surprise, he informed them that It was only his shade which they saw ns ho had just fallen a, viotim to rapid disease;' aud was permitted lo aproar, in order that ho might request them oil their return home to mabu, diligent naroh in a oertain house In Broiland, whore, in a chest, d(oilmen.8 . would Lo found which would put his only son, then young, in poseoisiou of a small property. Tho tiffi« ora gove their ' ir.mieo und tho ghost disappeared. In ibo courio of n tow duys Intelligence rcaohod Ht. Kitts of the di otb of Blomberg oil tilt, til^bt. in qucBtioni and In duo time tLe! auuri'h was tnado for tho papers, which wore found, and the " boy iibtained his property. Ibo story being much talked ? of nt tl o time, came to the o ra of tho Boyal family, and ll om borg was sent for by Q tm go ill. to bo brought up «Ith tho young princess 'ibero was'arparen tl, nothing remarkable in li s charuotcr. to call lorth a fp ciul provi- - decoe in bin behalf, aa lie was only distinguished for his th'nto and skill in music. Ile was brought u.i to the t- burch,, and under Itnyiil 'nvuur obtained virions ploco» of prefer- ment, l.nttiry, be was canon of St Paul's, to which ho was appointed in 888 t chaplain to the Queen ; and incutn tem ol tho valuable vicnrngu of St. Oiks', Cri|iplegato.-? Jon unit and Ccirrcrpoiiiltnec of ^Ji mai Sei'gtwiek H'Auiiiji. 