CURRENT TOPICS. LoverB of music are reques'ed to remember the public meeting to-night, at half past seven, in the class room of the Slechanics' Institute, the object being to re establish the Harmonic Socivty on a fresh basis. The report of the Committee pro. tem. regarding the constitution of the proposed Society will be read; the Committee for the first year will be elected and honorary officers appointed. At Sr. Paul's Church yesterday, two sermons were preached by the Key. Astley Cooptr, in behalf of the Ladies Benevolent Society. The collections amounted to £20 10s Id. Colonel Pitt has completed his mission so far ns securing the required complement of Volun teers to serve in New Zealand. He has already shipped over a thousand, and still feels disposed to keep optn the various offices for further enlistment. Without a bounty however, unless a demand should be made upon patriotism, the raising of a second battalion might be attended tritb unforeseen diffieultiee.| The Government Gazette announces tha Lady Darline will be at home for the reception of visi oh, at the Governor's temporary resi dence, Collins street East, on Mondays and Thursdays, between the hours of two and lout p. tn. The Gazette notifies the appointment of Mr Henry Eoliett as Vice-Consul in this Colony for Franco. The mysterious disappearance of Mr P. A. (J. O'Farrell has given rise to many unpleasant surmises, iuoie (specially as it was generally understood that he had been entrusted with the investment of the savings of many industrious people of his own persuasion. The amount is variously estimated at L20,GOi> to I 30,000 ; but in the absence of the absentee's schedule (his estate having been compulsorily seques trated), it would b> difficult to speculate upon the correctness of this report. A synod of the Roman Catholic clergy, constating of the Most I Rev Dr Poldiug, Archbishop of Sydney, the | Right Rev Dr ^ illson, Bishop of Hobart Town, | and other lesser magnates, excites attention, and it is rumoured in well informed circles, that the present diocese will be divided in two parts, and Dr Goold translated from his present s e. There can be lto doubt from the prominence Mr O'Farrcl! has assumed in conducting the affairs of St Patrick's College, and the support he has received from the Bishop, that much scandal has bren caused. The simple question is where is 0 Farrell, aud why has Dr GooW allowed himself to be so far duped when his best friends endeavoured to convince him of his infatuation. A Co-operative Association named the "Excelsior," has been established by Bome working men of C"Uingwo<>d« the obj-cfc br ing the establishment, 012 the joint stock principle, of general stores at which all articles of com mon consumption might be retailed to, the members at cost wholesale prices plus the bare expenses of management. Such associations are common in the United Kingdom, aud have there done much good. We were on Saturday last invited to inspec about as curious a specimen cf naval archi'est ture as we have ever seen. It .is a scull wager boat, built by Mr Geoige Swiudidls, at his boat building establishment on the Eastern Beach, to the order of a wfll-known boating amateur, and it is not yet qui»e finish, d. The boat is 31 feet 0 inches long, 14 inches beam at the widest place, will draw when finished 3 inches and a half water at the stern, and about quarter of an inch at the stem, and will wish under twenty sis pounds. She is built of quart* r inch cedar, with a-h ribs, and deal frarn , nnd is fastened with copper nails ; she has an elliptical bottom. Her out riggers will have four feet and a half spread ; these are not yet prepared for her, aud Mr Swindells seems slightly puzzled to get them of the lightest material. To an unpractised eye this boat re minds one of some contrivauce made to re semble a boat which no body can use aa one, for it appears almost impossible for any one to get in or out of it without such a frail shell turning over or upending. "Even when once seated in it the slightest inclination of the body to one side must result in a capsize. She is to ba named 11 The Ghost," and al hough a little more substanti.il thau those of Profess Pepper's, she is not wrongly named, as we never saw a more spectral resemblance of a boat lian this Perhaps lo those who understand, and ca i use her, she miy be very fascinating and a very profitable thing, "We omitted from the list of successful ex hibitors of Wines, at the Exhibition of Thurs day last, the name of Mr Charles Wyatt, of Fngmore Vineyard, near Fyansford. Mr Wyatt exhibited a good'san pie of * haeselaa, to which the judges awarded au honorary certifi cate. The prize for horse-shoeing was awarded lo Mr Prime, not Prince, as printed. Mr Williamson, landlord of the Half-way hotel, between Smvthesdalw and Carnghain, wlio was severely injured by a blow from a whip-handle duriug a half-drunken scuffle on the road while returning in company with several others from'the Skipton show, died on Thursday night. Two m:-n named Sp-ukes and Broek are in custody charged with taking_part in the fray. A youth aged twelve years, in the employ of Messrs Gordon and Gotoh, news agents, Mel bourne, whilst waiting for the arrival of the country papers, at the Spencer-street Railway Station, on Saturday, thought fit to indulge in a little equestrianism and tkraddled the pony be longing to the news vendor at the station. Sud denly the pony bolted, and the poor lad was pitch-don the causeway,in Spencer-street, and is not likely to recover from the injuries sustained. The unfortunate youth is still in a precarious condition. Mr Gotcirdmuiediat-lt' dispatched a messenger f.irDr Hadden, meanwhile the poor sufferer was conveyed to the Melbourne Hos pital, and at a late hour on Saturday, his life was diapired of. Cape of Good Hope papers mention that "Sir George Grey has written- from New Zea land to say that he shall certainly spend a few weeks at the Cape, on his way to England." It does not appear that Sir George has yet ap pointed a time for his visit! Among the names of successful competitors at the last Civil Service examination, we find Mr W. G. Brown and Mr P. D. Treacy, of Geelong, and Mr A. B. Hornburkle, of Certs. The right of the Emerald Hillites to con strue'. a level crossing over the Sandridge Rail way formed the subject of a Melbourne Police Court prosecution on Fri !ay. Five men had been employed by the Municipal Couucil to cut th't railway f-. nee and make a practicable crossing in continuation of Clarendon- street, when they were interrupted by the Company's servants and given in charge to the police as trespassers. Iu the Police Court there was quite an array of horsehair on either side ; after hearing evidence Mr Sturt, in delivering the decision of the Bench, said that as it was clear that the men were acting under orders for tho Municipal Council of Emerald Hill, who, no doubt, believed that they were justified in giving these orders, the question of wilful trespass might be set aside. And the question whether the Council were duly empowered to give those orders, was not for the Court to decide. But against one of the prisoners, Caines, there was a further charge of obstruc ing the servants of the company in the execution of their duty, in which he was certainly quite unjustifiable. And it was monstrous to suppose that the lives of large numbers of persons were to be seriously endangered because a municipal council chose to Bend a lot of men without notice to construct a level crossing in the exercise of au assumed right. The Bench then would fine Caines L5 ; and the other charged only with trespass were dismissed. If the others had been also charged with obstructing the servants of the company they would have been lined in an equal amount. Mr Dawson" gave notice of appeal against the L5 fine on Caines. The number of persons arrived at the port of Melbourne, by way of sea, during the week amounts to 495, of which number 237 were from the neighbouring col nies, 258 from the United Kingdom and 1 from Foreign Ports. Geelong' Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum, 17th September, 1863 :— No. of in-patients remaining 10th Sept. 103 Do. admitted since .. 7 — no No. of in-patients discharged since 10th September ... 0 Do. died do. ... 0 No. remaining 17tli September ... 105 No. of attendances on out-putients during the "week .. 232 The following was lire state of Her Majesty's Jail-on Saturday, Sept. 19th, 1863 For trial 4 intdes ; remand, 2 males ; medical inquiry, 1 male ; road gang, 2 males ; hard labour, 33 males, 10 females; confines 9 males, 6 females; lunatics 1 male, 2 females ; bail, 2 males; debtors, 1 males. Total—58 males, 18 females. The French Fiasco at Madagascar—A.s sum marised hy the Saturday R pit«?—M. Lambert, an enterprising Frenchman, had undertaken to do for Madagascar what M. Lessees hud nearly done for Egypt. He lmd obtained concessions winch .would have enabled hitn under pietence of establish ing various 1) ueficiul public works, to .gain a foothold for F»ench influence. This of itself was disgusting enough to the councillors of old. Queen Itunaviuola, who had waged uncompromising war with foreign ideas/ But, to molco the insult as galling as possible, this adventurous Frenchman was decorated with the title of Duke of Emerina. The feelings of that outraged province may be conceived by imagining the condition of mind into which the metropolitan boroughs would have been thrown if Mr Train had been taken into the special favour of the Queen, and had betn created Duke of Lara* betbj 