ADELAIDE : SATOEDAY, JULY 25, 1863. OlTGHT ABSENTEES TO BE TAXED ? Wbulditbe unjust to tax them, or is it unnecessary to tax them? Supposing it to be neither unjust nor unnecessary, is it wise to tax them? These are the principal points that require elucidation at present, and they ate not to be settled by voci The whole question deserves the fullest consi deration, and we shoald much like to see a Select Committee of Parliament appointed to investigate the subject, take evidence on both sides of the question, and report impartially. Meanwhile we will open the ball by a few pre liminary remarks. ? To begin at the beginning, we are told that there must be more taxation. We are told that the Government of the country— in its present too comprehensive relations — cannot be carried on without new or increased taxes. 'We are told that it is of no use to grumble ; that property must be protected, and that properly must pay for its protection. We are told that the colony cannot be developed without official expenditure ; and that unless it is developed the value of all property will depreciate. Therefore property must pay for its protection, its development, and its improvement. Very good. But why should not the pro perty of absentees be made to contribute its proportion? On what pretence, is it sought to tax South Australian colonists specially in order that the property of absentees may be enhanced in value? We hold that it is not unjust to tax absentees. Doubtless the tax might be made unjust;, it anight be a vexatious tax, or an excessive tax, or a needless tax. But it is not unjust to require the property of absentees to bear its fair pro portion of the cost of- Government, the good government of a country being as necessary to the property of the absentee as to that of the resident proprietor. If either is a tax upon the property of absen tees at the present time unnecessary. Even were they inclined to neglect their property, the colony cannot allow it to be neglected. The country must be dealt with as a whole. Im provements cannot stop at an absentee's sec tions and recommence on the other side. Public improvements must go on, and in those public improvements absentees of necessity share. It may be said that they pay local rates. True enough ; and so do resident colonists pay local rates, and pay — over aud above those local rates — various other taxes from which the absentee escapes. Our present revenue is insufficient. More money must be had. This money is wanted, partly, for the use of absentees — and it is therefore financially necessary, in some way or other, to reach these absentees. ~ It has been said that if absentees are taxed the importation of capital into the colony would cease, and the foreign capital already here would be withdrawn. This, however, entirely depends upon circumstances. It depends upon the nature of the tax, the amount of the tax, and the appropriation of the tax. To drive away capital would be the act of a madman. Capital is essential to the free and profitable employ ment of labor; and nothing must be done that would drive away capital. But is there no way of getting a little more out of our wealthy absentees without causing them !to withdraw their capital ? This is the point that requires investigation. Are absentees already up to their ears in a sea of taxation, and would one more step take them off their feet? We see no reason ior such a conclusion ; on tne contrary, it is our opinion that if evidence were taken by a Select Committee the result would be a report to the effect that the property of absentees might be made to contribute in fairer proportion to the revenue of the colony than- it now does, and still leave a sufficient margin of profit to encourage continued and increased investment. We believe that comparatively few persons are aware of the immense extent and value of absentees' property in this colony ; and, conse quently, few are aware of the enormous sums that, am annnftllv drawn nnf. of fh?a mvwinnA Ivcr absentee proprietors. These 'persons are living in England and on the Continent of Europe upon the industry and profits of South Aus tralians, without contributing their fair share to the cost of governing the country which yields them their wealth. Such, at all events, is our opinion ; and such is the opinion widely ' diffused throughout this province. But we do not wish to take action on mere opinions and impressions, how ever generally entertained. They would not justify legislative enactment; but they more than justify legislative enquiry. We hold-that the immense sums drawn out of this colony every year by absentees ought to be made the subject of special investigation with a view to determine whether the property yielding those huge remittances contributes its proper share to the revenue of the country. It is worse than trifling to meet these news by remarks as to the value of imported capital, the good it does the colony, the madness of ILLLYUU{£ -IV O-Vicajr, Wl/t niT UX1O £O OUUlllACU , U11U if, on examination, it is found that Jhe effect of taxing absentees would be to make them with draw their capital, it would be sufficient proof that their property cannot bear further taxation; and there the matter would end. But we must not allow the whole matter in dispute to be quietly begged. Tears ago it was said that if the Assessment on Stock Bill was passed it would drive all the squatters out of the colony ; but what has been the result P We gained the assessment and have not lost the squatters. The capital invested by absentees has doubt less done much good to the colony; but the capital invested by persons who live in the colony, and spend their gains in the colony, has done a great deal more good ; and to those who ask why absentee proprietors should be taxed, seeing the good their capital has done, we reply —Why should resident proprietors be taxed, ?who bring themselves as well as their money ; ana wnu jjul uiuy luveuk taeir capital in tile colony but spend year by year the proceeds and profit of it? Our readers will understand that we are, at present, only offering a few preliminary remarks on the threshhold of this great question. Out demand is — enquiry. We do not, to-day, advert to modes and forms of taxation; there is, indeed, a previous question. Does the very large property in this colony now held by absentees pay its due and proper proportion to the general taxation of the country P We think it does not, — and we ask for enquiry. If it does not, would the imposition of a tax induce pro prietors to withdraw their capital and to realise their property? We think it would not; and again we ask for enquiry to be instituted. We do not wish to see the property of absentees forced to contribute more than its proportion to the State; but as we are of opinion that at present it contribute! fat, we are anxiouf to have the whole subject investigated ; and if the representatives of absentees are satisfied that they can make out a good case, tiey will rather court enquiry than deprecate it. Ok Wednesday iast a debate took place in the House of Assembly of a nature not less painful than unexpected. The day previously the hon. member for West Torrens (Mr. Strangways) tabled the following notice : — 'That he will ask the Hon. the Treasurer Mr. Hart) whether the Hon. the Uniet Secre tary (Mr. Ayers) has yet made up his mind as to the' course he will pursue with regard to the Tariff Bill ; and if so, whether it is the intention of the Chief Secretary to vote for or against or to abstain from voting on the second reading of that BUI ; and also whether it is the intention of the Chief Secretary to support or oppose or to abstain from supporting or opposing that measure in all its details during its various stages through the Legislature ?' On Wednesday he asked the question, con necting with it rather more ' remarks' than are usually indulged in on similar occasions, the said remarKs oearing somewnat; nara upon me Ministry in general, and upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary in particular. The Treasurer (Mr. Hart) replied that he had obtained a written answer from the Chief Secretary, which ie would read. It was as follows : — ' The Hon. the Chief Secretary declines to answer the question put by Mr. Strangways, No. 3, on this day's notice paper, on the, ground that, while he acknowledges the right of an hon. member to ascertain the general policy of the Government, he denies the right of an hon. member to question t'Tn as to how he proposes to vote on any question under consideration in another branch of the Legislature.' On this being read, Mr. Strangways rose again and moved a formal motion — ' That the House at its rising do adjourn,' &c.; ; and in so doing denounced in strong language what he interpreted as the insult offered to the House by the Hon. the Chief Secretary. The Treasurer defended the Chief Secretary, and then diverged into a defence of the general policv of the Ministry. The House, however, would not be decoyed from the scent. The ex- Treasurer (Mr. A- Blyth) charged the Treasurer with throwing dust into the eyes of hon. members, and brought back the question to its starting point. There upon the discussion became general ; general in a double sense ; for not only did nearly every member speak, but they spoke on nearly every imaginable subject. But amidst the meUe the main point was not lost sight of, and eventually Mr. Kingston moved that the reply of Mr. Ayers (which the Clerk had copied into the book) be expunged from the records ; to which Mr. Strangways added — and that the paper handed in by the Treasurer be returned to that hon. gentleman. The debate was at times very bitter and personal, and after a long discus sion tlie ' motion of Mr. Kingston as supple mented by Mr. Strangways was carried, and the Clerk forthwith handed back to the Treasurer the Chief Secretary's reply. Meanwhile the Hon.. the Chief Secretary himself was calmly and quietly sitting in the Legislative Council Chamber conducting business in Committee ; never once troubling the gallery of the Assembly, nor suffering his attention to be diverted from what he was engaged with. As regards Mr. Ayers we are sure that it was not his intention to offer any insult to the House of Assembly. The Attorney-General said that if the reply was offensive to the House, it was unwittingly so, and this we believe. Mr. Ayers would not so far forget himself as to manufac ture insults for the House of Assembly, even if his disposition were inclined that way. But it is not inclined that way. That the reply proved to be offensive cannot be denied ; it did give offence, and the House resented severely what they deemed to be an affront. But again we say — no insult to the House was contem plated by Mr. Ayers. The fact is he regarded the question as not emanating from the House, but emanating from an individual member ; and in declining to answer the question which an in dividual member had put, he did not mean to say that he would not have answered the same question if it had been put in compliance with the vote of the House. He denied that he, as Chief Secretary, was accountable to an indi vidual member ; but he did not I deny his ac countability to the House as a body. Had Mr. Strangways' question been embodied in a mo tion, so that it could have been stamped with the sanction of the House of Assembly, Mr. Ayers would have answered differently. We believe the foregoing is Mr. Ayers's view, and we are satisfied that no one who voted against him on Wednesday will begrudge him the benefit of the explanation. And, we must further say, there is force in the distinction thus drawn. Let us suppose, for example, that instead of giving notice that he would ' ask a question' Mr. Strangways had given notice that he would ' move that in the opinion of this House the Chief Secretary is bound to say which way he will vote on the Tariff BilL' If instead of asking a question — which does not go to a vote — he had tabled a motion which would go to the vote, it is possible that the motion would have been negatived, and if negatived the enquiry could not have been made. Now we will suppose that 10 members had voted in favor of such a motion and 12 against it — the enquiry could not then be made, and Mr. Ayers would have been justified in refusing to satisfy the curiosity of 10 gentlemen, inasmuch as 12 gentlemen said ' nay.' But as it did not take the form of a motion, but the form of a question, Mr. Ayers is held to be under an obligation to reply, though in so doing he is not obeying any vote or order of the House, but the wish, of one solitary member only. This is the view Mr. Ayers took of the matter ; he did not under stand that the House of Assemblv asked him any question ; he only knew that an indivitjlual member asked it ; and he had no means of ascertaining whether the House approved or disapproved of the enquiry, or of the form in which it was made. But as to the enquiry itself, we think it was a perfectly proper one. Whatever Mr. Ayers's reasons for not answering it, the enquiry was natural and proper. It might have been better embodied in a motion, so that it could have gone forth stamped with the sanction of the House, but looking at it in its essence and substance, and apart from conditions and circumstances, it was a very natural and proper question. It was whether the Head of the Government would support or oppose the financial policy of the Ministry. Such a question cannot be regarded as trivial, secondary, or indifferent. It is of vital . importance. Open questions in Cabinets there have been, and will be again, due no one ever neara oi me Budget being an open question ; no one ever heard of a Minister being allowed to remain neutral or to refuse to support his colleagues in their financial policy. We consider, therefore, that the House of Assembly were and are quite justified in demanding to know, without any reservation or equivocation, whether the Government will, one and all support, vote for, and carry out the Tariff BUI. With regard to the answer given by the Hon. Mr. Ayers, we have. already said that it was an answer to Mr. Strangways, and not an answer to the House. But it was an error of judgment, eveii uuuBiueicu an au answer lo an individual. The Hon. the Chief Secretary certainly did not know that a majority of the Assembly would support Mr. Strangways in pushing the question to such a speedy issue, but he could not tell that they would* not; and it was unwise to take fte cpursp that was taken, But Mr, Ayers is new to the formalities of official life, and has not (like Mr. Strangways) had bitter experience to guide him. It will not be forgotten that on a former occasion a reply of Mr. Strangways, then Commissioner of Crown Lands, was resented by the House as an affront, and was handed back to that hon. gentleman. He resigned bis office, and his colleagues resigned with him ; although when the Ministry was reconstructed, Mr. Strangways, the offending individual, was restored, and Mr. Bagot, who had been all along as mild as millr and as sweet as sugar, was cast out. Whether former analogies will, either wholly or in part, be again repeated, we cannot at present state. It is, however, a singular coincidence that Mr. Ayers's paper should be handed back to him on the motion of Mr. Strangways, who was himself the subject of a similar visitation not so very long ago. During the course of the discussion some ex ceedingly foolish things were said by gentlemen who ought to know better, Forgetting how the business of the country has been obstructed by faction- fighting and place-hunting ; forgetting how much valuable time has been lost by persons eager for office vainly trying to form Ministries, without the ghost of a chance of being successful; forgetting how seriously the public business has been retarded through the complications caused by men per sisting in holding office to carry out -measures to which they are conscientiously opposed and which they have vehemently denounced ; — for- getting all this— -the real obstruction — the real nJ-l1*v\l.1*«/v 1*1a.a1*- 4-1*a am7hi -HAnl MtmJl 1 **rtl^__'4'l'» A1*H fUjiiniiEi t iijj-nHH.ft.— linn \jiwu 1CU \AJ?n\i.mx\JKJ*\\. ? ULLCfcf were hon. members who affected to regard the Legislative Council as the impediment to public business ; and the hon. the Treasurer (the first time we ever had a revolutionary Treasurer) went so far as to threaten that if the Council persisted in the course which they deem consti tutional and proper, the Assembly would raise revenue by resolution of the Assembly alone ! Let him try it on. The public know that they cannot be legally taxed except by Act of Parliament, and that there can be no Act of Parliament that has not passed both Houses and been assented to by the Governor. Of course the Treasurer's threat is a bruium fiilmen, and very harmless thunder too. He does not mean what he says — but we d-a mean what we say when we assure, him that the people of this colony will not pay taxes unless they are legally levied, and the Government that attempt to levy taxes not authorized by Act of Parliament will do it at their own personal risk and peril. Of course we shall be told that nothing of the kind of the kind ever was intended ; but it is worse than childishness to talk revolutionary non sense without having any revolutionary ideas, or any revolutionary intentions, or any revolutionary pluck. Even the hypothetical threat of such a course comes with bad grace from legislators who are bound to obey the Constitution Act ; but coming from the Treasury benches it would be treason if it were not folly. The Legislative Council have ever proved themselves anxious to carry on the busi ness of the country, but they demand to have a member of the Government there to conduct the business of the country, and they demand to have a Minister there who believes in and is friendly to the policy he is officially responsible for. There is nothing obstructive in this ; nothing unreasonable ; nothing that should lead to idle threats of legislating by resolution. We have an impgbtakt task before us. The settlement of North Australia is a matter fraught with much responsibility. Here are we — a colony just dut of our teens — entrusted with the duty of colonisuig a new province. If thi s responsible task is wisely and successfully fulfilled we shall gain both profit and prestige . but if through rash, inconsiderate, and illiberal regulations the enterprise fail, we can scarcely avoid pecuniary loss, and we shall to a certainty be reproached with having asked for what we could not manage. It is a silly child that cries for the moon ; and not much wiser shall we prove ourselves to be if — after having petitioned for an extension of territory, and obtained it — we should break down in the attempt to utilise it. The Government of the day must be extremely careful in the regulations they frame for laying the foundations of this new colony, and the Parliament must weigh calmly and deliberately the policy of the Ministry before they agree to give it the force of law. We are attempting , it may be, to lay the. foundations of a nation. We contemplate gathering together a new commu nity and. imparting to it the essentials of a good and wise Government. Let us, then, be careful that we fulfil this trust to the best of our ability ; for what that future nation may achieve, be it much or little, the praise or blame will in great measure be with ourselves. If its career be one of prosperity — if its colonisation be beneficial not only to South Australia and the other colonies, but to mankind in general, — then much credit will be due to us. But if — and this -is worthy of deep consideration —if its growth be hampered by restrictions which pre. vent the development of its resources ; if we retard the progress of its trade or commerce — if we fail to deal liberally with the industry that goes thither ; if we in any way impede its pro gress from childhood to maturity — undoubtedly much censure will be cast upon us. Let us first pause and reflect; then let us decide aud act. The new Treasurer (Mr. Hart) in his remarks upon this subject, expressed himself fully alive to the weight of the obligations the home authori ties have entrusted to the South Australian Go vernment, and to the 'necessity of acting in a perfectly unselfish manner in whatever arrange ments are made for colonizing the new terri tory. It is to be hoped the Government will bear this in , mind in their councils on the subject. To some extent the difficulties of founding a new colony are lessened by the experience we ourselves have gained. In the early history of our province many abuses were perpetrated and errors committed which we shall be in a position to guard against when legislating for this nation that is to be. But new and unforeseen contingencies may, notwith standing, arise, which it is impossible to provide Wi iUOUJ 1USU CUU.O 111 IGgULBiliLUllO* UUUUUUiCUlJ we can, from the working of our own institutions, distinguish that which is injurious and that which is beneficial to a young country ; and in the formation of the institutions of North Aus tralia it will be our duty to turn our own history to available account. But after all the teachings of experience, the special circumstances characterising the new enterprise will in all probability give occasion for constant and thoughtful watching. * If we are to do any good for ourselves or others in connection with the northern territory, the terms of its occupation and tenure must be based on the most liberal principles. We must lTinilP.fi nPrfcnltf* t/t Qa4-£1a 4Tm»-A Vitr iiifpain-nrr 4-liam the land at ^a rate which will justify them in undertaking the risks and expenses of migrating thither. But still we need not act rashly and dispose of all the land at a nominal figure. .There might be a limitation as to the extent of land that will be disposed of under the first regulations. It is the enterprise of the first few that should be treated most liberally. After they have demonstrated the possibility of turning the resources of the country to profit, there will be plenty others ready and willing to follow, and to reap where the pioneers have sowed. But a line may be drawn ; a fair and reasonable dis tinction may be made. Regulations to all comers may and ought to be framed ; but those who take the lead in settling the country/and who encounter all the hardships and run all . the risks of a desperate experiment, have claims upon the Government for liberal treatment far beyond what their successors and followers can pretend to. . We will not go so far into detail as to specu late upon the nature of the official or govern mental representation that it may be necessary to establish on the spot ; but there is one point that cannot be lost sight of. Shall the Northern territory have a name exclusively to itself, or will it take the name of this colony ? If the latter, are we going to perpetuate the absurdity (then more absurd than ever) of calling the whole of this colony — including the Northern coast — South Australia? This question now forces itself upon attention. The impropriety of the name given to this province has for years past been evidenced in the geographical blun ders of the English press ; but to call North Australia ' South Australia will be worse tnan ever. If we cannot settle the matter ourselves we had better refer it to the Home Government. Perhaps, however, as the annexation of the new territory is only to be temporary, the new com mission on its way to His Excellency may desig nate by some specific appellation our newly acquired possessions. There are many other matters cognate to this subject whichr-' 'will require consideration. In fact, the whole subject is exceedingly important, and we trust, Parliament will give it their best and most deliberate study. We have on sevbbai occasions directed atten tion to the glaring absurdity of some of the Customs returns of goods imported into and ex ported from Port Adelaide. We have reason to know that the attention of Captain Douglas and of the officers of his department has been directed to the subject, and that the inaccuracies in ques tion have been to thema source of great annoy ance. But the most absurd entries continue to be made, and made so frequently that the weekly Customs returns of goods imported and exported are about the most delusive official documents presented to the public. \ Commercial men need only run down the import and export lists as published in the 'papers to see how absurdly incorrect they often are. Take for example the week ending July 11th, — the first two items in the export list are — Bran, 1| tons, £8 ; ditto, 88 tons, £51- In the first line bran is put down at about five guineas a ton, and in the next line at less than 12s. per ton. A line or two lower down we find ' butter, 7 cwt., £7.' What ?*mv va. uuvvv^i i^uaiu i.u uarc uccil ULJ.au yyixo Ca ported in the beginning of July at 2d. per lb. ? Possibly it may have been intended for grease, — but if so it is delusive to enter it as an export of butter; and on, the other hand, if it was marketable butter, £1 per cwt. is a ridiculous price to quote it at. Then we come to 'fruit, dried, 40 cwt., £582 ' about £14 10s. per cwt. or 2s. 6d. perlb. ; rather a high figure, wholesale, for raisins and other dried fruit. But to go to the other extreme, we find in the export returns for the week previous, ' Jams, 70 cases, £15,' about 4s. 4d. per case ! Now, as each of these cases would ordinarily contain about 4 dozen one pound tins of jam, it follows, according to the Customs entries, that we are exporting jams, tins included, at about Id. per lb. When we compare the prices entered in the import and export returns, the absurdity of this system of false entries becomes increasingly mamiest. in tne weetc ending July il, we im ported from London 117 cwt. of dried fruit, which is entered at £180, but we also imported — in the same 'week — 21 cwt. of .dried fruit from Melbourne which is entered £fc£l49, the London import being'valued at about 30s. per cwt., and the Melbourne at about £7 per cwt. Yet in the very week in which we imported 21 cwt. of dried fruit . from . Melbourne at 30s. per cwt., we exported to that market 40 cwt.. of the same article for £582, or £14 10s. per- cwt. We shall be most happy to learn that there is no mistake at all about it ; and that we really have been importing goods from MeJ.r bourne at 30s. per cwt., to send them back again at £14 10s. We are well aware that exact accu racy may not be attainable in the weekly lists, and we are aware that it is said all these errors are detected and corrected before the official quarterly reuurns arc pu.uusu.eu. vv e nope it is so; but granting such to be the case, errors of the magnitude that we have pointed' out, and occurring with the frequency that they do, must be occasioned either by an inherent defectiveness of system, or in consequence of gross negligence and inattention. Mercantile men naturally look to the Customs.' returns for reliable informa tion, but the weekly returns that emanate from the Port Adelaide Custom House are so grossly and absurdly wrong that no dependence can be placed On any portion of them. It is high time some remedy was applied to this state of things, and we feel satisfied that no one can de sire it more than the Collector of Customs him self, who is well aware of the inaccuracies which he is, it appears, unable to prevent. Since writing the above we have glanced at the Import Returns for the week ending July 18, and we again perceive unaccountable entries, though not so many as we have seen in former lists. However, we find in two consecutive lines, — Cheese, from London, 21 cwt., £89 ; about 83a. 6d. per cwt., — the next line being, Cheese, from Melbourne, 9 cwt., £68 ; or about 150a. per cwt. We find 5 packages of spice, im ported from London, of the aggregate value of £2 ; being only 8a. per original package ; grind stones, 12 for £1 ; or Is. 8d. each,— a very dif ferent figure from what they would be sold at. Possibly satisfactory explanations might be given of some of these and other doubtful items ; but with respect to many of them we are sure that the only explanation they admit of is that the entries have been either wilfully falsified or most negligently and carelessly made. Ok Monday, July 20, the pbesemdation of prizes, won at the Third Annual Rifle competi tion at Wimbledon, were to be distributed in the Crystal Palace. In a very few years the leading prizemen in these great matches will, probably, be proclaimed at the Antipodes within, a day or two of their triumph ; at present we must be content to await the slow progress of steam. We may, however, in anticipation of our own forth coming matches, refer our readers to the Wim bledon programme, as published in another part of to-day's paper; and at the same time direct attention to two or three points of interest to riflemen and volunteers. It will be seen that the 300, 400, and 700 yards ranges have been altogether excluded from this seasons meeting. We certainly think this a errant, mistatfi. as surelv the obiect in view in rifle shooting is to obtain perfect knowledge of and perfect mastery over the weapon at every distance that it is capable of throwing ; and not merely at a few selected distances. 'We hope that in this colony, whilst retaining all the Wimbledon ranges, we shall also continue to in clude the other ranges. The consequence of our having neglected the 300 yards range was con spicuously manifest in the recent match with New South Wales, and we hold that it would be less unreasonable to introduce the fifties than to shut out any o the hundreds. However, the fifties are not actually necessary, but all the hundreds are. The Wimbledon Association threw out the 300 yards last year ; this year they have further thrown out the 400 and 700 ; possibly nest year they will make more exclusions. We hope all the hundreds will contine to be practised by South Australian volunteers, as they do not know when they may be called upon to fire a match including unpracticed distances, and they cannot consider themselves masters of their weapon for practical purposes, unless they are equally skilled in firing over all distances within its range. The marking at Wimbledon this year has been on the ' Hill system,' — one which cer tainly possesses great advantage over the old fashioned and uncertain method of marking by signal flags. The situation of a shot can seldom be accurately indicated by a flag. High, low, right and left are all the distinctions that can be made, and no doubt many mistakes are committed in signalling which still further increase the uncertainty. The prevalence of a high wind of course enhances the difficulty of accurate flag-signalling. According to the ' Hill system' there can be no uncertainty, and no mistakes, for the mark of each bullet on the target is obliterated before the next shot is fired, the marker (who is protected in a butt close to the target) stepping out and obliterating each shot mark by means of a brush, the handle of which runs through a disc of sufficient size to be distinctly seen by the firer. No time is prac tically lost, and as every man is informed of the exact place where his bullet hit, the system is highly popular. We need say nothing further in commendation of this method over the fre quently misleading and always uncertain method of- signalling by flags. It will be seen from the Wimbledon pro gramme that in some matches the 200 yards' distance couia De urea rrora in any position. This we think a great mistake, as to take the lying-down position at 200 yards is absurd, although there may have been some who took advantage of the option, and many probably have secured scores placing them apparently above much superior shots. For though it would be known at the time that A or B fired at 200 yards lying down, — the circumstances under which he fired will soon be forgotten ; or, still more probably, no one will think of asking him in what position he made his score of consecu tive bull's-eyes at 200 yards, the idea being that this range is always fired off the shoulder. The Volunteers' prizes were all to be shot for at 200 yards off shoulder ; but By-law V enacts that for All-Comers ' the shooting at range A (200 yards) shall, unless otherwise specified, be off the shoulder.' We notice that the Association Cup was to be shot for ' with seven shots at each of the ranges A, B, and C, any position ;' and the 200 yards range in the match between the Lords and Commons was to be fired for from ' any position.' There are other notice able points in the programme, but we may leave III ir*!l I 1 V\J VIU. XbUUUlDt ' ' ?????' J^-JW ^*v*AV— *twm. m it will be observed that this year a greater number of prizes was placed at the disposal of the Enfield rifle. Whilst on this subject we may remark that a newly awakened interest has been manifested at home in the Volunteer Force. A new Volun teer Bill has been introduced by the Government defining the principles and duties of the volun teers ; and a greatly augmented vote of public money has been agreed to for the use of the force. In 1862 the vote was £122,888; this year it is £321,884. The gallantry of the American volunteers has had an immense effect in silencing the unworthy objections of those JWilO previously ireaieu me loreo wiiu tuuiouipi; and the tone of the press, as likewise the general tenor of Parliamentary discussion, are now highly complimentary to the volunteers. The Marquis of Hartington, who introduced the Bill above re ferred to, spoke in high terms of British volun teers: The Times says, ' The Marquis added an observation which ought to be very gratifying both to our volunteers and to their countrymen. We have all seen how the soldiers of the Southern army have fought, and with what successful determination they have hitherto resisted their powerful invaders. Well, the Marquis, who has just' returned from those very parts, aud has seen with his own eyes those very troops, declares that neither in discipline, nor equipment, nor physical strength were they equal to our own volunteers. That is high praise, and it is all the more agreeable from the conclusions ori which it rests. That the Confederates should be worse armed than our own force is but natural, consi dering the straits to which they are driven, nor can we be surprised at the statement that the natives of these Southern provinces are inferior our discipline should be superior to that of these stubborn warriors is very remark able, and it is obvious that the same conditions which have given the Confederates their advan tages would come into operation for the benefit of our own volunteers if they were ever called into the field. The Southerners are standing on the defensive, and they have their hearts in the cause. The Federals are invaders, and their troops, says the Marquis, have less discipline and less military spirit. The feelings which animate the Confederates are very similar to those which would animate our own Volnnteers in repelling an enemy, and they have enabled an army of Volunteers, though unsupported even by that nucleus of regular troops which the Federals could command, to defeat and drive back every force, however numerous, which a. formidable resolute adversary has sent against them. We pointed out long ago, in our observations on this of the Northern Volunteers was recorded it was proper to remember that the victors were Volun teers also, so that the lesson may be read in two ways. Our Volunteer Army is entitled to appeal to the achievements of the Confederate soldiers as 'showing that battalions of Volunteers, though indifferently armed and poorly equipped, have, nevertheless, succeeded in defending their country against all assaults of an enemy abound ing in resources, in numbers, and in wealth.' In connection with the little difficulties that beset the working of ' responsible goverment,' and are apt to characterise popular institutions, it is quite fair to take into consideration the difficulties that surround other forms of govern ment and the anomalies that accompany the working of other institutions. An instructive study to politicians is now presented in the empire of France. The Chamber of Deputies having died out a general election becomes necessary, and this general election fills the Emperor and his Court with alarm. But why should it do so? There are no revolutionary clubs; there are no organised conspiracies; there is little discussion, little discontent, and no danger. France is saturated with official ideas ; pomp and pageantry are the order of the day ; the myrmidons of the State swarm in every department ; the army is numerous, powerful, and devoted to the Emperor; there is no seditious oratory, — no inflammatory press, — and what can there be to fear P Why there is this to fear — discussion ; free thought ; independent action. All this is fraught with terror to those who know that the existing regime is only sup. ported by virtue of public apathy and stagna tion ; all this is alarming to those who know that with the revival of thought, the resumption of speech, the exercise of independent judgment, absolutism is at an end. The Emperor of the French was elevated to his throne by universal suffrage. He is, perhaps, the last man in the world who would attempt to abolish that suffrage. But with what extraor dinary facility he makes it the minister of his own will! Louis Napoleon is the champion par eminence, of universal suffrage and the bal lot,— and wf 11 he may be, By their use he ro|e. the throne, and by their use — as he uses them — he retains his imperial seat. He has a singular theory of representation. A representative, in his mind, is a ' medium,' — a sort of connecting link between the electors on the one hand and the Government on the other. He ' represents ' the electors to the Government, and he ' repre sents' the Government to the electors. But' there is this difference in his dual representative ness, — in representing the electors he represents their wishes: in representing the Government he represents their intentions. He informs the Government what his constituents desire, and then — having learned from the Government what is the Imperial policy — he informs his con stituents of the result. As a representative, he certainly enjoys the right of voting ; but as it is taken for granted that the Emepror's policy is' the national policy, so, it is laid down, that every representative who would faithfully serve the nation must faithfully serve the Govern ment. This, apart from all exaggeration, is the actual theory of representation as held by Louis Napoleon and his Minister M. Persigny, and is dictated to the press of France by the official organ, the Moniteur. Now let us see, at the present moment, how this theory is being wrought out. Certain can didates have come forward and have styled themselves 'independent' candidates. The Minister of the Interior has sternly denounced the use of this term, which he considers revolu tionary. In order to suppress all 'indepen- dent' demonstrations he has prohibited more than 20 electors assembling at any one meeting ; he has exhorted all Prefects to ' designa te loudly' the candidates of the Government ; he has prohibited Electoral Committees of every description, and he has suspended, during the elections, all provincial papers that are not de voted to the Government candidates. And this is done in the name of freedom of election. 'The suffrage is free,' says M. de Persigny, ' but in order that the good faith of the popu lation may not be deluded by cleverness of language or equivocal professions of faith,' the Prefects throughout the Empire are commanded to ' designate loudly, as in the preceding elec tions, the candidates who inspire the Govern ment with the most confidence.' Such is the Napoleonic ideal of freedom of election ! It appears, however, that there is still political vitality enough in France to sustain an opposi tion movement, and many eminent individuals have, in spite of the Imperial interdict, ventured to come forward as ' independent ' candidates. M. Thiers is a candidate, M. de Montalembert is a candidate, also Odillon Barrot, the Marquis de Pierre, and other men of equal eminence. 'Rnf. fliair n.TA all nffimnlW flAnnTmf»prl \vcr +\\*a dn vernment in circulars to the Prefects, in paragraphs in the Moniteur, and in every other way supposed to be likely to secure their rejection. It is not because they are opponents of the Government, but because they will not go in as supporters of the Government according to the Imperial idea of ' representa tion ;' in a word, because they choose to be ' independent.' The Government influence is, we need scarcely say, enormous throughout France; and there can be no doubt that the Emperor will be able to secure a strong majority of his own nominees in the Chamber, but it is by no means certain that, with all his power, he will be aVilo tn fiffefit the retention of thp. laadincr nnnnoi. tion candidates. They are, indeed, placed' in circumstances of great difficulty ; no newspapers dare report their speeches or advertise their ad dresses ; and it is not easy to make their opinions known. Still it is done. In the dead of the night the walls are covered with posters, which are read at early dawn 'by thousands before the police have time to tear them down, and many other means are resorted to of making known the prohibited sen timents. It is needless to state that in England the interference of the French Government with the national elections has created a deep feeling of disgust, — but we will not quote the denunci-' ations of the English press. We may, however, extract from the Times a moderate, but withall a forcible remonstrance against the Imperial de nunciation of one of the candidates, — the world renowned Thiers. The Times says : — ' There is probably no man in France who h.as conferred such enormous benefits upon the House of Napoleon as M. Thiers. In the great historical romance which bears the title of The Consulate and the Empire M. Thiers has devoted immense labor and great ability to commending the career of the first Napoleon to the attention and admiration of Europe. His victories are ampnned, nis aeieats extenuated, and tne principle of glory derived from successful con quest and vast annexations of foreign territory is pushed to its most extreme conclusion. The same causes which on this side of the Channel have lowered M. Thiers in the opinion of almost all right-thinking men have raised him to the pinnacle of fame and popularity in France. Napoleon I. himself could not have more com pletely expounded the merits of an absolute military Government, and the happiness of being the citizen of a nation which lives for glory and victory alone, instead of duty and material pro sperity. Yet this is the man, so vastly popular, so thoroughly identified with the existing dynasty, the leading apostle of the Napoleonic faith, to keep whom out of Parliament is the avowed and the darling object of the Minister of the Interior. Vergniaux said that the French revolution, like Saturn, devoured its own children. With equal force may the French Empire be said to be devouring its own sup porters. M. de Persigny is bent on deterring any future historian from taking up his pen on behalf of the first Napoleon. M. Thiers has attended meetings of old political parties, has constituted himself by this means the represen tative of a system which France has condemned, and is therefore to be opposed by the Govern ment, though it may well be without success.' 