THE THEATRES. TIIEATJtE BOTAL. Slrakspero's "Henry IV.," and Mr Barry Suliivan as Fals'-aff, filled the homo to its almost limits, on Saturday night ; and it must bo eminently consoling to those who are in tlio habit of bewailing the decadence of Iho drama, to percoivo tlrat sn much enthusiasm can be evoked, by tho reproduction of a play, whioli is neither sensational, nor indebted for its inte rest to tho introduction of nn outrageous cari cature of tlio Dundreary class. Happily, it may yot bo found that tho nnmo of England's greatest geniii3 is in no real danger of being obscured by thoso of Boucicault and Byron. We may thus venture to liopo tlrat those works which have survived tho criticism of two centuries and a iiulf, arc still capable of evoking tlio cnthuriasm of nn audience, in an ago which wo are constantly assured, is, so far as the drama is coucorucd, dego- ncratc. It is something moro tlran oroditablo to lira tasto of tlio publio, to find a largo theatre liko this filled to overflowing on tho occasion of producing ono of tlio plays, to wIiobo surpassing merits tho public is said to bo indifferent, and it is on encouraging sign to see tlrat during tiio progress of its performance tlio attention of those present is not only un- Dngging and unremitting but that it is distin guished by on eager dolight which Tory few modem plays havo it in their power to com- maud. Nor less & subject for congratulation is tho fact tlrat in this city of the rcmoto South wo possess tlie moans for doing such adequate justice to thoso great works, in placing them on tho stago witli all tlio aids towards their effecti7cnecs which intelligence, enterprise, nnd talent severally represent. It is not aiono that wo pcsscjo in Mr Sullivan an actor or rare excclloneo and of tlio nice,st discernment, who satisfies the most critical judgmont in his in dividual capacity as tlio leading member of a company. In him wo discover also thoso administrative powers so indispensably no- ceasnry towards maintaining tlrat iovol of officii ncy throughout all tho parts of a pieoe, without which tlie highest dramatio works fail of communicating their cnpablo effect upon tho mind. Even thoso wiio might bo disposed to question Mr Sullivan's morits as a scholarly interpreter of Shakspere must ho compelled to aeknowledgo that in every piece which has been produced since ho succeeded to the manage ment of this theatre, tiiero have boon exhibited tho most marked ovidencca of cars as to its details, and proof of tho employ mont of a judi cious discipline in bringing up the subordinato parts to tlio required point of correctness. Tho company, it is true, lias been soloctod with tho moat admirable judgment, and taken collec tively it is without any excoption tbo best that line been brought together in this city. But it need hardly bo remarked that tho boat materials cay fail to present a satisfactory compcBito result unices a principle of organisa tion bo at work under tho firm direction of ono guidiog hand. In nono of tlio produotions which havo marked Mr Sullivan's manage ment has this agency of supervision boon moro upparcnt in its effects tlran in lliia the latest of .them. There was a unity of effort distinguish able which set tlio mind perfectly nt rest as to tlio possible occurrence of failure in any direc tion, and tho result therefore was prcoisely Ivrhat might lrava been anticipated from this careful attention to the necessities of prepara tion. Mr Sullivan's " Fnlstaff" presonts him in an nspeot entirely different from any in whioli ho lias Lithorto been seen, and it is not unsuggestivo as to how far it may bo necessary always to assume tlrat nn actor should perforce conliuo himself to a Bpcciflo rango of parts. Judging by this exnmplo it is most apparent that excellence in paris gonorioally understood as " leading," and which may bo allowed to include tho higher cenosptions both in tragedy and comedy, docs not pre-supposo tho impossibility of divorging in a direction the very opposite to tlrat in wliioli tlio first named of theeo are found. From Hamlet to Eulstuff is assuredly a long distance, but Mr Suliiran has shewn us, that it may be bridged with apparent cbbc, and tlrat tho same power wbioh onablod him to present so striking a picture of the molanoholy Dane, renders liitn not less eucccasful in portraying tho singularly exceptional attributes of tho fat knight of Eastcheap. Tho wit, tho humour, tho poltroonory, thogoodfillowsbip, tho wordly wisdom, tlio largo capacity for sack, tho small capacity for exertion, with all tho other qnali. ties which msks up this wonderful oreation, were brought into tlio most prominent reliof, and invested aevorally witli their distinctive impresBivoncss. The translation was complete, and tho form slight, lithe and morcureal, was at all points the oboec, siow-mindod butquiok- wittod boon companion of tlio madcap prince. Nor we s this transformation ono alono to tbo mechanical accompaniments of " mako-up," and. the appropriate Btirroundings of cos tume. These wore, as might bo expected, extremely carefully considered, nnd their disposal regulated witli an nrtistio refer ence to effeot, but it would bo auporfiuous to toy that of themselves they could not have achioved tlio result which appeared. L'hooharac- tor Iradobviously bceuetudied with thatanalyti- cal investigation of its essentials, whiohmarks all tho other olrarnoters Mr Sullivan has sup ported, and the dotuils were fillod in with tlio most daiicato exactness tlrat an enthusiastic student of Sliakspero could desire. The scenes wherein the dU!ingu!shing qualities of the fat knight are more especially brought into promincnco, woro wrought up to a high degree of humourous provocativeness. It was impossible to resist tlio contagious mirth which soeined tho inevitable oonsequoDeo of their notion. Tlio robbery of tho robbers and tho precipitate retreat of Sir John, created a very tumult of merriment ; and tlio- subsequent sojiic, whorein tho knight brags of his prowess, and then confesses that his cowardice was oesignod, was exceedingly diverting. But the fun culminated in the last sceno, whore lie feigns death at tho battlo of Shrewsbury and afterwards swears it was ho who killed' Hotspur. It could hardly bo possible to excoed tho humour with which Mr Sullivan ! brought out tho quality ofludicrous terror, and subsequently that of hi .izon mendacity. Through every episode, however, iio preserved with tiio utmost skill tho leading points in Ilia olmraoter namely, an inordinate eolf indulgence, tem pered by a dispofi'ion of which a coarse kind of amiability forms tho bus's. Next in order of excellence undoubtedly o mes Mr Fitz-orald. Hi achieved a siiceess, ns tho prineo, beyond .10 common. Alio livohncss, vivacity, and eek esanera wluoli go to form tho cliaraoler in part, wore blondeu not unskilfully with a & Yd BUgesled tho impoeai- biul, of the prince ever being o infonnded with common roystcrers. The serious sccneB with tlio knig, wera marked by a reverence nnd even a tondornes3 very appropriate ; nnd in tho apostrophe to Hotspur utter tho combat, there Tves something more than mi indication of pathos. As the JCing, Mr Ireland's rieli voies nnd stately manner wore of infinito uso to lnm in giving oonaisteat resemblance to tho port, and Mr Heir throvr into thnt of Hotspur not a little of tho ardour rnd impetuosity belonging to it. Mr Charles Young was Bardolph at all points, and ki no«o justified all tho jests of which that facial appendage of Falat&iTa; retainer forms tho Bubjcct. Tho dull, heavy, lumbering, half fatuous expres sion of tho chaiacter was maintained all through, ond Mr Young is to bo cspocially commended for not sacrificing thcao qualities by any endeavour to force tbo part beyond its lo gitiraato prominouco. Mr Harwood aa Wor cester, and Mr Audrows as Francis, displayed their cuatomary caro and painstaking iu tho manogomont of thoso subordinato parts ; and Mrs Phillips and Mrs Heir availed themselves to to tho mo6t possible extent of tho very limited opportunities which Miatrcss Quickly nnd Lady Percy present for tho exhibition of histrionic skill. Tho other persons of tho drama wero in their several departments guitninod with most commondablo car. Mr Sullivan received tho compliments of tho audicnco at the end of tbo piece, and a similar tribute wee also paid to Messrs Fitzgerald, Heir and Ireland. Tho success, therefore, which has attended tho first performance of this tbo ot tho Sh&topcr-; iau presentations under Mr Sullivau ma nagement, is not less assured than that of any preceding production, and it will, no dcubt, maintain its attractivoncas for a lengthened period. The ghost effect still continues its career of popularity. ROYAL IIATMARKET. Tho performances ot this theatre on Salur day night consisted of tho dramas of tbo Gambler's Haughtor, hotter known by its original title of " Hearts are Trumps," and tho " Lonely Man of tho Ocean," both of which pieces have already been uoticod in this jour nal. Tho Lancaabiro Bell-ringers, who havo just returned from New Zeaiand, and are on their way to Tasmania, proridod tho intorludc, which, as usual with tho porlorm&uceB; of this clover troupe, oxporioneod completo success. To-night Mr Richard Youngo's benefit tnkos place, on which occasion Mr Edward Fal coner's sensation drama of " Bonny Dundco" will bo presented for tho first time. Tho long conneotion of Mr Youngo with tho colonial stago and tho many real services lie has rendered it havo in a measure idontificd him with tho Australian thcatro, ond he ha?, consequently, ovcry right to look for substantial patronage in tho present instanoo. It is uudcratood that tho entertainment is under tho Bpccial counto- nanco of tho Caledonian Sooioty, 