THB POUBayQDÉéTÍom Tas Sprctitor aayst-''Tbe civil news from Fulana fe this week 'be most important. The Grand Dake Constan line boa left Warsaw fur Berlin and perhaps for England. He has always had » most diffi;olt position a party at Conn acoa- ing him of designs on the I'ol ah Crown, and General Ber<? was, in fact, seat to watch him. Probibly it ia now intended to replace him by a more vignroai «uccaaor, thongn ve doubt the Be. lia newe that all communication with Warsaw ia to b> ont off for un daya, Wareaw being the one place where the Bnasians are afraid to outrage too sensibly European pnblio opinion. The Grand Onke'a last worda are said to have been, . The Cx*r wishes well to Poland, and regrets tbe measures adopted hy General Miu ravuff, but recogn ses their neoessity.* Tbis is no duubt lrne. Alexander II. is a kind-hearted man, and it ia drM cnlt to persuada him to order an execution ; bur he ia a weak maa, and thinks himself absolved t.f responsibility when be delegates power toa Vireroy «rho regards neither lite nor self-respect, in man or worn in. Ihe Tims takes from the Corretpondcnce Qrne nea, ourious extract from a le' ter of the Bassian General Boggawout :-' I'be P. le >, without distinntioa of condition or alasa are all animated with ihe most implacab'e hatred of the Bueeiatis. . . a Tne Bnasians ii the interior ol the oountry, and far from railways, are In want of provision» as thi inhabitants of the villages destroy everything on their approach and juin the nearest detachment of insurgent». lhe pillage and exceases committed by the aoldiera mus', there- fore , surprise no one. Gent ral Biggawout is an enfant terrible, and ougbt te Le »ent to Siberia for his indiscretion, j The Russian organs have steadily declared i ill now that the peasantry were hostile to the insurrection. What are official and officious journals to do in the face of snoh friends ? There is no great military new« One report says that Taokzanow- ki's defeat last week was trifling. Another says that he was surrounded near the Klornnitz railway s'ation, about lb rty miles from the frontier arid cut his way through, killing three hundred Russians bat losing more than doable that number himself. Lelowel, another insurgent Qenoral who has entered within the last fortnight, haa gained a slight \iotrry at Bokioiny, another railway station about seventy miles from Warsaw > but is said to have been killed in the battle. Hie corps, however, keeps the field." The Poliah correspondent of the Times writer as follows : -"lean scarcely pity those who hare lost even their dearest frionds-on the field of buttle. These are losses that can be spoken of, and are spoken of almost with pride ; and before long, as the ardour of the nation goes on increasing, it will be thote families whose relati'.ns have not funght at ni' who will find themselves in the least enviable position. I oonfesa I reserve all my oommiserali'in for the unspeakable | sufferings of those whose friends have been executed, massacred, wonnded, and horribly mu til" ted, sent with criminals into eiile or imprisoned in some Russian fortress and poB'ibily tortured. Many doubt, and many more disbelieve, that the rtusaian authorities still UBB torture as a means of forcing Polish prisiners to divulge the names of their associates end chiefs I oannot Bay that they torture all prison«i8 whom they suspect ot having eon»e con- nection with the National Government ; but that tbey tor- tured one last Ja. uary in the Warsaw citadel, under the impression that ho oould and would tell the secret of the great Polish conspiracy, this I o*n assert most positively. I not only knew the v uti , and have heard the story of bia s .(Teringa from his own lips, bub two friends ol mine, in whose house the poor fell iw lay wonnded after Jezioranski's last battle, saw the nm-ka of the bloody operation on bia back. This unhappy young man first ottracto 1 the notioe of the "Worsiw police by being among the wounded after the massacre ol'April i861,ou which occasion he o.copied a foremost place in the crowd, (he rejeols, by the way with acorn the notion that any ndditioual warning on the part of Prince GortsaliakofF could have oausod it to disperse.) Nine months after he was arrested and accused ot .being conceded with the 'Central Committee,' since transformed into the ' National Government.' A Bussinn General came to bim ia the citadel, gave biro, tea and o gara, and asked him in * polite ana friendl manner to tell him what the Central Commit'ee really was. The pria-ner replied that be knew nuthing whatever about it, and as be ponisted in ? bis' assertion, 'the General flew into "a violent* pass'on, and ordered him to receive { fifty lashes, wbiob wera isstantlv applied. He was then again entreated and commended to tell all be knew' about the' Central Committee or at least to ' mention the namoi of his asso-_ oiates and (alleged) fellow-conBplrafor». Still refusing,' and pleading absolute inability toglve the desired informa- tion, he was ordered to be fligged again. Under the second punishment ho fainted and remembered nothing more un il ne lound himself in the hospital. Same weeks afterwards, aa tbere was no evidence against lum and no information could bo got out of i im, he was Bet tree, and thereupon hastened to the Galicien frontier, and,Joined the army of General Laogiewirs, After Langtewicc s defeat, be re- mained for aome time at Cruaow,'and-then, being appointed " to the detachment oí. Grogúwicx took part in the aotion fought i n Easter Sunday at Szklary, whero he received a flesh wound in the thigh. vJIe was treated for this wound at the Hospital of the^Holjr,Ghost at Cracow, and was well enough at the beginning of-May-to toko service under Jezioranahi, and to fight' op-, the 8th of the- month 'at Kobylaoka. Here be waa shot in the back as lie was calling on DIB. men and ainoe then j has * been almost a cripple, though'he is now beginning again to walk, andie already ' looking out for another detachment. 1 is certain, then, ti at since the Legisning of the present movement in Poland men bave been tortured in the Russian prisons, as thoy^have been mutilated lo Buisian battle-fields, and maesaored by Basslan soldier«, even when no battle was going on. Anyone visiting Poland wbo has a sufficiently large acquaintance among the Poles can convince himsolf of snob facts as these beyond a doubt.) Ii the visitor' to Poland cares to ascertain for v himself io a" direct* and proctioal manner what th i sentimonts of the Galiclan peasant are in reference to the iosurreotion, he- need only put on a Polish tuuio, a Koscius/ki cap, and a pair of long boots, and walk or still better,'' ride, through one ci' tbe villages near the Bneso- Polbih frontier. An English friend of mine, wbo had not taken- ihe troub'e to' get himsoll up in Polish attire at all, was arrested some weeks ago as he waa riding through a Galioinn village, and' taken to the nearest pot-t of Humara simply because-the peasants did not like the look of him or of hu horse or/perfiaps, of bo.h. I am speaking now of Western G ni iola; «hore the peasantry areot the Roman Caihilio religion and (thoqgh tbey are not aware of it of the Polish race. In Eastern Galicia, where they are Bethenians, and under the influencé of Bntbenian Grouk Uníate priests such oxperlmenta'with the peasantry are not safe, as many insurgents.and suspected inBurpeuts bave been not. only arrested, but also wounded by them. However, let bim keop out of the villages Where civilisa- tion has not yet penetrated; and a foreigner arriving in Poland will not find ore Pule w'h» ia not a patriot more or less ardent. Let him go to Cracow, Lern berg, Warsaw, or tiie Polish country around the half Gormanised'oity of Posen, and be will soaroely find a family that bus not lost one or moro relatives in the war. Independtntlyof the general mourning, almost overy one wears black now as a sign not of nntioual but of domestlo affliction Some few Polish ladies, it is true, who are only grieving for the wrongs of their country, allow themBclv s a oertmn libei ty'.'Knd variety in the ' expression ? oi their sorrow. Thin, munro and a'l »hades of violet are he'd to be tolerably funeral colours end coral ornaments and crimson ribands, as sign if) ¡ug bluodthed may be worn- Never theleas, tbe first impression one bas on entering, not a Polish citv whero persons of all classes and conditions are seen together,, but say-.rather one of the " little watering places at the loot of the Carpbthians whioh aro orowded with just the olas of persona who have suffered, most in persun as well as in pocket by, the iusurreotiou-is certainly that everybody has ju-t returned from a burial ; and the literal truth ia that almost everybody1 has some relation or intimate friend banged, judicially shot, killed in notion or exile.] to Siberia to lament. It must be remembered tbat Lithua- nian, Poliah-Buthenian, and pare Polish families are all linked together by marriage, and that the atrocities com- mitted at Warsaw, and above all at Wilna, are not felt in the kingdom of Poland and Lithuania alone." , _ . , 