MOUNTAINS AND MICE. THE Medical Review has been long labouring to interest the public, and has brought forth a mouse at last. Dr. REED, of the Pentridge Stockade, tells the following mouse story. By the way, in BOSWELL'S "Johnson," is an account of a gentleman telling such a tremendous anecdote about a mouse, that old SAM was led to wonder what he would have had to say if he had only met a lion. Dr. REED certainly makes the most of his small opportunity. We quote the following. — "A man, aged 18, sanguine temperament, very strong build," &c.;, declares that he has "seen a mouse in his prison cell, and very nearly fallen on his head through fright." The Doctor appears, according to a certificate from the Chief Medical Officer, to be "a very unimaginative person," and, therefore, to be "perfectly relied on." However, it seems that the strong- built mail fancied that he saw a mouse in his place of confinement, and Doctor REED, who was sent for at once, took the arm of the deluded individual and studied him carefully. The unimaginative Doctor tells the consequence. "Suddenly he stopped talking. I felt an electrical shock up my left arm, particularly distinct at the elbow and shoulder, up my right arm and across my eyes." Simultaneously, the Doctor says, he saw a mouse in the air, with "sharp nose, cocked ears, feet sticking out, long body, and tail of proper length, but first as thick as the body, and then tapering." Now, the sharp nose and cocked ears are by no means inconsistent with the probable demeanour of a mouse consciously in full view of a strong-bodied male convict and a hard- headed medical man. As to the "feet striking out," it is easy to suppose that a mouse in the air might be puzzled to know exactly how to comport itself in regard to its feet. And as to the unusual thickness of the tail, it "can be easily explained by the supposition that there was a little mixture of kangaroo blood with the specimen in question. The whole story is therefore exceedingly capable of being reconciled with the character of common events, and we see nothing particularly remarkable in it except, perhaps, the mouse being in the air. However, prisoned mice may be glad to take the air as well as prisoned men, so we will not object to that portion of the narrative. We are indebted to Dr. REED for an amusing story of a mouse ghost, and have only to regret, as did Dr. JOHNSONT, that the Pentridge physician had not seen a lion. We shall place the thick-tailed mouse of Dr. REED in the gallery of muscipular celebrities, along with the "Wee, sleekit, cow'rin, tim'rous beastie," of ROBERT BURNS, and the historic offspring of the maternal mountain. It may be well for the interests of science that Dr. REED is so wanting in imagination; just as it may be to the advantage of the interests of commerce that the Argus editor is so delightfully untrammelled by the said delusive faculty. But we would suggest to Messrs. BAILLIERE, the publishers, that the next time they treat the public with a sensation narrative, it would be considered a great point to give a pictorial illustration. The flying mouse, the frantic convict, and the unimaginative doctor would have formed an effective picture, and we hope that the hint will be taken. 