THE WAR IN AMERICA. ? m [From the Herald's Special Correspondent,] New York. October 7th. 1863. t'l nce my last letter another terrible, but, as usual in this ferjguicaij civil war, undecisive, battle has been fought— this time at Ctattanooga, iu Tennessee, — the first as be tween tbe generals and the forces engaged for some nearly twelve mcintif. When the battle of Murfreasboro was leught be.tv.een General Boeencranz and the rebel General Bragg, tbe former snatching an important victory at almost Ibe very moment of defeat. After that battle Bragg aban doned Wurfretsboro, and fell back upon Chattanooga, wbioh 1 described t« you as the kay to the whole of the eouth wcetern portion of the Confederacy — the granary from which the rebel army received all its supplies, and dis poeEcsted of which it could hardly keep together for six montie. Muifreeeboro, or Stone River, battle was fought in December, 1862, and tines that time to the present no military operations of importance were attempted by either party. Cnatuneoga naturally is a place of great strength — another Harper's Ferry in that respect, bat of incompa rably greater interest and importance, as the barrier to the interior of Georgia and Alabama, and eo through to Bich mesd Itself. Boeencranz after hit victory began to accumulate im mense stores at Nashville, his base ; to strengthen his army by the voluntary enlistment of Kentuckians and Tennes et eans, who flecked to him in great numbers, anS who had fledtolhe mountains to escape the sweeping conscription of the rebel generals— and te improve the discipline of his troops. The time occupied in this work began Utterly to appear strangely and unnecessarily long to the people, and at last Roeencrace broke ground with a large force in the direction of Chattanooga. Previoue to this, General Bumside masted the two army corps which he commanded in the depart ment of Kentucky, and, after a forced march, took posses sion of Knoxville, the capital of Tennessee. This was a severe loss to the South. Bnraside then turned back as it were to carry e poEition which .previous te hiB reaching Knoxville, was unassailable in front, but which he suc ceeded in turning by rapid marches— this was Cumberland Gap— the whole force occupying which surrendered as prisoners of war. It was in concert with these movements ibatBosEncranB began his fatiguing msrch te Chattanooga— ibe other movements being subordinate to the grand scheme— the wresting of Chattanooga from the rebels. While KoseEcrenB thus threatened Bragg in Chattanooga in front, the vulnerable part of his defences were threatened by Burnslde. Otherwise he might bid defiance to Boteu cr≠, wbo could only operate from the north side of the Tennessee, to resist whioh the whole ingenuity of the Southern gtnerala and engineers had been directed in the construction of its defences. Bragg' s strategy then waB to abandon Chattanooga, to draw Rosencrans after him, to fight a great battle, defeat him ; and, pursuing close the flying Northerners into Chattanooga, indefensible at that side, surrounded with mountains, and having a broad river before them, annihilate the whole force. Howhisplaus succeeded v. ill be seen from subsequent operations. It is necessary to state that President Davis and the whole South looked upon the occupation of Tennessee ae of the firet at d greatest importance te the very vitality of the Con federacy, and Davis, in a speech made in Atlanta, Georgia, declared that be would wreet Tennessee and Kentucky from the Yankees, no matter at what price. The advance of Roe et crai z wn the long-expected moment anticipated by the Rebel Government 86 that from which to date the over throw of the army of the Cumberland, and to subject Ken tucky and Tennessee once more to the paternal rule of President Davis, and hie right-hand men— the conscription officer and the army foragere. If they are merely coinci dences, they ere the most remarkable ever noted in the history of any war— that it is always at those times when tbe Bichmopd Government and its Generals and armies are beet prepared at all points te resist attack, tbat the Northern Generals conclude to do something. This is strongly exemplified in the case of Rosencranz and his present campaign. He has been confronting Bragg for months, with a superb, and, as compared to bis adversary, overpowering army, but he never moved. Bragg was not sufficiently prepared, and the time and opportunity must be given him. The latter oc curred after the Southern raid into Pennsylvania— the battles of Gettysburg had been fought. Lee had onoe more brought hie army into Virginia, and entrenched himself on his old gronr.de, the banks of the Bappahannock and Bapidan, and thither he was leisurely followed by the great army of the Fetomac. Of course the latter foroo wonld stand on its good behaviour, let the neighbours opposite alone, while some 40,000 or 50,000 of them were tent off te Bragg to assist in overthrowing Rosencranz, This is exactly what was done. No sooner did this General begin to move than three oorps of the veteran army of Lee were forthwith despatched to Chattanooga, increasing his army to about 75,000 veteran troops, As I said, no force from the North would have the remotes chance of suooeeBfully assailing the stronghold of Chattanooga, end even the flank movement made by Burnulde on tbe eouth, wbioh caused its evaouation, might, I think, have been prevented had it been Bragg's strategy to nave done eo. But Bumslde had not appeared on the Look-out Mountain, overhanging Chattanooga, it was only the fact of his having taken Knoxville and Cumberland Gap, which left the passes cpen to him to operate with Kosencranz, that influenced Bragg in evaouating Chatta nooga. If he waited for an assault, he would only wait till Bnmside came along. He withdrew and, as he judged, he was followed up by Bosenorans, bnt not till that General had thrown up strong works tenth of the town, so that in oase of disaster he could check an enemy while his army wonld be making the passage of the river. SHU, Bragg's strategy was near bearing its full fruit. He fell back te meet his reinforcements Ted by Lee's best Generals— Longstregt, Hood, Hall, &o.;— and then advanced to meet Boeenoranz, who, nnder strlot orders from the war department, was con tinuing his marsh into Georgia, at yet separated from Burn tide, who on his part w»b engaged under tbe same ntrlot orders iu capturing a few utiimporlant towne. KoBenorana aimy did not exoted 60.UOO men, but tbey were all war worn Bnd victoiy crowned. On the 18th September, this army wen concentrated on Chiokamanga Creek, a email stream, wbich !» cow immortalized as giving its name to one of Iho bloodiest ttrupgles of tho war. And very arjoro. prletely is Ihfi battle called from it, for thnmeanlng Chioka manga-»n Indian word-is -- River of Death.' On the bunks c-flbin river of death, Rotmcnnz army halted, its advanced ct-lumna having felt the enemy in front. It was soon discovered thtt Bragg's object was to manamvre so at teoet himself between KoFfnoraiw end Chattanooga. On Saturday, the 19tb, the battle opened with very little of the ububI bye-pUy or feinting usual In suoh oasee. The Sou therners knew their advantage and were determined to puBh it to ihe utmost. The left of our army was the objeot of attack, as there was tbe way to our rear. T» ice they were repulsed imhiir efforts, but in a third attack they broke tbe Unimlincs, and rushed oheerlng to complete their work, when reinforcement* came np and drove them back, re trieving not only the day on that part of the field, but indeed to a great extent saving the whole army. General Thomas, who commanded theBB troops, puthed bit success until he had struck a p«»io into tbe elite of the rebel army-the oorps of Long strett, Ihe heroes of many fights. But in doing eo he left tbe centre unflanked— iho troops whioh Bhould have come up to fill the gap failing to do bo. At tbe Bams time the onemy being strengthened in tbe centre, and at once seeing it, immediately embraced the advantage, and with a des perate charge broke both centre and right, scattering the Northerners lite ohafT. After a desperate fight Bosenorani! by tbe recall of Thomas, and the concentration of hit line, succeeded in perfecting it again, and the enemy, not know ing the extent of hiB own success, withdrew. Thus ended tbo first duj's fight. Many of tne greet battles of this war have been fought on f unday, and eo it happened tbat the great battle of Cbickamanga should be fought on the Sabbath. Sunday morning bioke upon the combatants arrayed again to renew the desperate conflict. As unprepared aa wat the Union army, on no other occasion did so mnob, depend upon its valour— upon its success. Beaten that day and the whole of Kenlncky and Tennefsee reverted to rebel rule— not that alone, but from ibe population ef these States Davit would have reinforced hie atmy by a hundred thousand men— would have drawn immense supplies for future tuetenanoe, and flushed with victory would undoubtedly have invaded Ohio and other Noith-weMern States, and renewed his In vasion of Pennsylvania and Maryland ; would, in faot, en title bis Government and hit cause to the recognition of tbe world bb de6erving of independence, eo far aa valour and en urcexqoerable cause would go. But it wan ruled otherwise, end though Bragg won a battle his army wag so trnibly punished, and the Unionists ao obstinately brave and undaunted, it bore him barren fruit ; indeed, from the bopee felt bb to Ihe result, Bragg's viotory ell over the South, to-day is rrgatded as a defeat. At len o'clock the bBttle opened furiously again on the left where ThomaB commanded— the rebels aB usual making the onslaught. For two hours the fight waged here— the Union line never wavering. Repented oharges were made againet it, tbe assaulting force being very heavy, consisting of three parallel lines with artillery on eminences iu their rear. As they would near the Union line the eecond line would lie down while the front would continue to advance in the face of tbe deadly mupkciry that dropped them in dozens or sent them limping te the rear in hundreds. Broken and fceftered they would rally again behind their other lines wbich would rise bb a great shield to their retreating com rades. So persistent and repeated were these attacks upon the left tbat it appeared as If the whole battle was concen trated in ell its fury here. But tbe wily enemy had, in the meantime, tent a force to outflank our left, and it was only by General Thomas noticing the movement that saved the army. Th!s wee about noon. The third and last assault came, and ihe engagement beoame general, and reinforoe rutnta were Bent te etrengthen the left. But then at once it appeared ae if the whole tactics of the enemy had changed, end the centre and right become the object of attack end Ihe point* of danger. The enemy poured from the woods inechelcn of brigades, and as theyadvanosd became easily traoeatle by the line of flame which shot frcm their muekete. They advanced with great rapidity ; Ibe assault was made with terrible impetus, and in a moment tbe Federals broke and fled in every direction. ' The day wae loet, and at last tbe invincible army of the Cumberland had been defeated.' But luckily not all. General Thomas still held hit own, and bent all bit energies to cover the retreat, end eave the fl-ing army from absolute destruction; There were then but three batteries in line— all the artillery that remained in our possession at one o'clock, out of 150 pine brought on tbe field. While gallant Thomas fought with his wearied troops— few in number— the victorious and now overpower ing foe, a few fresh troops led by General Granger came upon the field. It was a terrible moment — a moment of agonising suspense— when a cloud of duet on the rear of Thomas indicated the approach of an armed force, but whether friend or foe none could tell. General Thomas' troops were wem out, and oould fight no more, and the next rebel attack must be their last. There was no esoape if tbe troops advancing wore, as ft was feared, the cavalry of the enemy. They proved to be friends, and the struggle on that terrible Sabbath day was resumed. The next attack when it came was repulsed. Another, and the last, followed, when our men were unable to stand with fatigue in the line, but tbey never faltered ; all depended upon them. They repulsed again the foe, who sow warn out himself, and despairing, abandoned the assault daring that night. General Thomas fell back from his position on the field to Rossville. Tbe next day the enemy reconnoitered thia position, but failed to attack it, and subsequently the whole force fell back to Chattanooga, which is now defended strongly ; a fortified line about a mile and a half in length coveting the pontoons, stores, aud hospitals, &c.; Here Rosencranz is perfectly secure from any direct attack that Bragg can make. He still holde Chattanooga, the great object of the battle, asd on the recapture of which so much depended. The whole South at tbe first intelligence broke out into hosannas in praise of Bragg, and into boastings of the gteat career now open to the Confederate army. Re cognition, intervention, foreign alliance, a great Southern empire, all the dreams of the ambitious leaders, and the hope of peace to the poor torn, bereaved, and sorrowing people opened in the vista, which for a moment was lighted up by a lightning gleam askance the eky, and the next moment— as the result of the battle on which eo muoh de pended wae really known — became dark, hiding all the fair picture from the sight for ever. The losses on both Bides were Immense, but bb the facts became more dearly known it appears that the enemy were the greater sufferers in men, while the Federals lost'moBt in material. This oould fcarcely be otherwise as they remained masters of the field. Among the rebels killed were General Preston Smith, General Nofford, General Sesbler. Among the wounded, Major-General Preston, General Clebury, Gene ral Bood, who lost a leg ; General Gregg, and General Benning. The only Union general killed was General Lyke. To show you how severe even suoh a victory to the rebels hue been, and how signally Bragg has failed in (fleeting the great work entrusted to him, I give you an extraot from tbe Richmond liHug, published the day after the battle :— ' Situated as Rosencrans is, the victory that does not dis perse or capture his whole army is a lost opportunity. If he is permitted to bold Chattanooga, then our victory will be without profit, and we have only to mourn that eo many brave men have died in vain, and chiefly that the gallant Hood has sealed his faith with his blood. Rosencrans must not only be beaten in battle, but he must be destroyed or driven from East Tennessee; otherwise the battle might as well not have been fought. If this stronghold is not wrenched from him now it will hardly be hereafter. If he holds it he holde a point d'appui, from which he may at any moment ttrike at the very vitals of tho Confederacy. He holds a region pestilent with disaffection, that needs only the presence of a Yankee army to ripen into full blswn treason. He holds the country that must supply meat for cur army, nitro^or our powder mills, and coal and iron for many of our manufacturing establishments. Tha posses sion of that country is of indispensable necessity to us. It ie tbe prize for which Brag it contending. Until he has won it we can but rejoice with fear and trembling over what be has done. Should he win, it will be the Euperbest achievement ef the war. Rosenoranz has been largely reinforoeJnot only by Burn tide but also from Meade'e army of Arirginia. This army, true to the policy 1 referred to in commencing this letter, has been quietly resting on its arms while the opposing force wbb weakened by the reinforoements sent to Bragg. If there ie nothing more for them to do thero they will be returned to Lee with some additional thousands, who will then be ready to give a proper reception to Meade. '1 here has been no serious demonstration mode against Richmond by Meade's army. It was thought (hat Wb difficulty was Meado's opportunity, but nothing came of it, Wilh the exception of cavalry reconnoiesanoes on either eide, epiced occasionally by rebel parties surprising de tachments, cutting off traint, and running sutlers iuto Richmond, all is quiet along the front. Not eo before Charleston. Gillmore it still hard at work preparing for the reduction of that famous city. Ho has just completed hia batteries on Morris Island, and we hourly expect to hear that the great siege has been formally opened. Wilh the destructive material for siege purposes which he commands Charleston will speedily fall before the grand final effort. General Banks is engaged in a campaign in the interior ofLousiana, General Blunt in Arkansas— Texas also is being overrun ; and eo the work goes on, and eo the stars and stripes are steadily and surely unfolding themselves over on fresh ground every day. Two years ego rebeldom commanded a territory exceed ing eight hundred thousand eauare miles in extent — the banks of the Potomac river for a'hundred miles above and a hundred miles below Washington. They held the M!b sifslppi for a thousand miles from ColumbuB in Kentucky to the Gulf, including the cities of Memphis. Vickabarg, Natchez, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans, With the ex ception of Cape Hatteras tbey held all tbe Atlantic coast from Norfolk, all the way round to the Kio Grande. To-day that area ie reduoed to 200,000 Eauare miles. Frem Norfolk to Galveston, the only port left in the possession of the Confederacy, axe Wilmington and Mobile, for as to Savannah and Charleston they are useless to them. This is the picture to be filled up with ruined trade, depopulated towns, plantation! consumed by fire, a depopulated country, and a half-starving army. Such the terrible penalty ol rebellion, inaugurated for the spread and development oj slavery, i hsve no doubt bat in my next I wiU be able- to record important victories in every department ol our armies. So much tor wa1 While the weT o paig» U™» ''-'* »nd m0VMf the will be toupht in Pennsylvania and Obio. Iu ill- ,'? H Slate tbe Coppfr-headt were for a lime: rampant , |H havlcg succeeded in arousing a pretty vrlde- spre»d f, tS of riirgutt at Ihe aibilrary arrest and banishment of \\\ ^9 digham— a malignant opponent, to tbe Government at. 9 the war. Tbls dtmngogue would in«M in bbj i-K t^, ,S bouth would return te the Union, undsr freBb ealrat.. M for tbtir peculiar institutions. This, too, in lm of M repented denunciations of tho Southern leaders tod p, B and Ibeir manifestoes tbat nothing but independence »l jB pepnrate existence would suffice to eta; tbe war. I i Ym bierd this Vallandlghum repeatedly tpeak in Consi TM Hcd out of it. Bed at all times bis attacks upon thn Qov, M mint Bmountid to Ireaa-n. and when I last heard him L W and in the city of New York, 1 w»b RBtonithed al ;a, ? iicBH-nnWe tome be permitted himself when tpoiklo^ of I Ibel'KBldentand admlDlBtration. The whole cry at tha 9 lime was tbat lieedom of t-peecli was assailad. Mv von ler ? w»s,1hat at eucb. BliinBOeuiBgceues wens permiUea to (p9al ticafon eo freely as tbev did. Tho arrest under lha dream. Hhecibvbb ptrbape irjudioiouB, for nut half oould be provei apniDet him In the speech that was tbe immediate oiute of his arrest, ibat at twenty other limes oould be prmluaej in proof of his treasonable opposition to Ibe Govern- - menu His Copperbsnd friends nominated hicjfor d«oi- cratlo Governor of Ohio, notwithstanding Lie barjiahemnt. Put he hsB not pot a ghost of a cbanoe, Tbe election comsg off next week. Vallandlgham ia in Canada awaiting the remit. An organization was effeotad among the ?Kore rabid Coppeiheadt and a party of men enrolled and sworn to go over to Canada and bring him to Uoluoibaa, tbe capital of Ohio, te await there the rosult. These were to be completely armed and to act aa a body-guard ti VullnndipbaDi, Tbe day for petty social hostile outbreaks of that Hid is at an ind. A few 3 ems ago a fdnaiical paily might carry out any wild Boaeme of tuatsort, but uow sot all the Cojperheads of Ohio would dare to attempt, it The Gnvenment bas been too lung engaged iu a blood; wnr-has been too long suffering from treaobery and truison cot to orush a hostilo proceeding of that kind as quickly ntdiflocluallj as could Napoleon hiniBelf. The principal fight of the political campaign will bo fought iu I'eun B) lvnnia, end its remit will to a great exteut Indicate the popular feeling with rep ard to the war. The present go vernor, an uncompromising republican, is again put in nomination againet an anti-war democrat, arjd Iroin present appearances and an improved feeling towards the Guvern menl, it it t-uppoFed be will be elected, The Presidential oampaign is beginning to attract atten tion, end already the candidates are beiDg talked of. President Lincols will not seek re-nomination, but h» will nevertheless be at the service of hit friends. Strange eLough, tbe condidatcs spoken of, in addition to Linooln, ' are Cabinet Minu-terc— Keorotary Chase, of the Treasury ; end Ceward, Secretary of Slate. Should Mr. Lincoln retire in favour of one of these, it will be ia favour of Mr. Ssward ; but no dpubt Chase will icceive the nomination, and will very probBbly be our cut President. Popular feeling with regard to our foreign relations hat received a eoit of eleouio touch from the visit here of a RuEtlan squadron, consisting of the etcam frigate Oallaba, the Alexander NoBhy, SI gune; the Furesvial, of 45 gune ; end by the corvettes Yaring and Vitesse, each 16 guns ; and tbe clippers Alenos, Ieoumvood aud Jabont, each carrying nine guns. The Russian admiral end his officers ere being feted and feasted by the city authorities. An ovation was extended to them a few days ego, when a publio reception was given to them, the civil and military authorities turning out in full force. It was a regular gala day, and the Russians were highly pleased at tbe enthusiasm with which they wore greeted, Tbo festivities on their account are not yet over; but popular feeling ie beginning to slightly change. Apart from the custom of tbn city authorities to extend publio welcome to distinguished strangers, the ceremonies on tail occafion were considerably enhanced in view of our foreign relations, and from the circumstanoe that a political im portance was attached to the visit in our waters of so large a fleet. In view of the complications iu Europe with the r.flaire of Poland, and Russia being expected to be bearded iu nit den; while, on the other hand,' the United States weretbrealened wilh European intervention ia her domeu'.io affaire by tbe fame Powers that desired to dictate to Russia, this visit was leoked npon as an assurance on the pirt of Russia that tbe was ready to reciprocate with the United StateB any support one might, could, or would receive from the other. This was the direction given to the public mind on the matter; and while it must be ae'tmttei the idea was in some quarters well receiver?, in others it but awakened purer democratic feelings. An alliance with Russia at a time that the ia oppressing the unfortunate but gallant and invincible Poles is repugnant to young America, while, oa ?he other band, any support necessary in a war wiili Eng land and France — should eucb be possible, would of coarse be welcomed. Tbe alternative would, after all, be a severe one. Otherwise the epiiit of republi canism ie too firmly rooted in the nation for it to sympathise with tbe oppressors of Poland, struggling for its independence. From Lord John Russell's late action with regard te the building of iron r-mB in England, the discussion of the question of intervention is passing away, end with it tbe diecueEion of the probabilities of the Russian fleet visit. In tbe meantime, the ironclad tieet ot this country u being immensely strengthened. Several ooean-goiug iron clads are being built, and will soon be ready for sea. Ihe U 8. Btcam frigate Niagara bas been recently under^sia; a chnnge. She is now ready for sea, with an armament cu sitting of twelve two hundred-pounder rifle Parrot gaas 03 ihe spar deck, and twenty-four eleven-inch guus ea the mijin or gun deck ; the latter are for throwing hollow or eolid shot and long shell. These guns hive a ranga of eight thousand eight hundred and forty-fire yarda, or a little over 6 ve miles. It is said tbat their destructive power ie sufficient to demolish any wooden vessel at a di.-tanra of four miles. The whole energy of the Navy Department it put forth in increasing the navy, particularly in tne attiole of ocean-going Honitcte. It is to be hoped there will be no immediate necessity for their uee. Trade and bueinees is Btill very active in every depart ment ; enterprise was never more general, ani evidences of it ere to be seen in every direction— in tha opening of cant'lp, railroads, telegraphs, &c;, &o.; Emigration is still on Ihe increase, with rumunerative labour far all wh) ccme. 