6l.jl . loutlJ Jlouvll tr tmblnuI, FRIIDAY, AUGUST' 1LTrn, 1803, I?rosTUt? and unblushing effrontory ap pear almost as much a charactoristic of the nineteenth century as they wore of the six teenth and sovunteoutl, when the alchemists, the Rosioruoians, and professors of the oc cult sioences deluded themselves and do ceived the multitude with their jargon on the elixir of life, the transmutation of metals, and tho. philosopher's stone. Wily knaves and credulous fools sooee destined in every generation to form a numerous and con spicuous class of the nocessary all-sorts which make our world what it is-a probationary sphere. The advertisement pages, of tie daily and woeekly journals furnish ready and abundant proof of this. Hero are to be Mounld tannouieimenlntis alwa'ILV's fore the public of 'speeifihs fIrr every disease, of reme dllie fior every defect and deficiency ; that MonsiLurt This or Mladaie That have gained the highest patronhlg,, and continue to re ceiv the sulpport of the best society, owing to tfheir power of clelarly laying yur tluturne ldestiny belore you. A non your al eiauntionled againist ghosts that are shailn, nhit thenit y(iou are invited to visit ghosts that are patented. Avoiding these, thi next advertisenment you may come across is f'r calling ai pulic moeet ing to improve the IILtun:lcgellLtnt o' i a UCuni cil, or to reform the ahuses of'a (lovermnLent. Messrs. FuorT1, \TnrAorit, anld ILLNoASNCI, or some other red-hot village politicialnHs-if' they can only bring before the world their important mares' nest discoveries, and succeed in establishing themselves as leaders and coun cillors in their districts-- pretend they will miakite their small locality become fitmous as aa model community, and that the whole world will bless the day and the policy which placed them in power. The only requisite in those who constitute the following of these men is an unhesitating, unexamining re jection of all tlhat hns hitherto been con sidered sound in political wisdom, and the substitution of an isolated, sel fcontradictory crotchet, which would explode upon their first attempt at its practical introdnetion. They must also reject all that is rational or reverential in religion, supplying in its place confused and unintelligible jargon, cant phrases, and hypocritical demeanour. VWhilst there are those who uphold princi ples like these-and however we may at. tempt to disguise the fact, such there are-it imust be allowed by all that wily knarves and credulous fools are almost, if not altogether, as abundant in the nineteenth century as they were in the sixteenth and seventeentth, andul will remain to be as plentiful so long as crowds enu be found to place faith in the nostrums of quacks, professors of the occult sciences, and political mountebanks, with whom even religion itself is not secure from foolich inllterferenee or blasphemouus mnis. representation. Snuch tmeddler;, not cni tent with having their own right of private judgment accorded them, rashly enter the lists of abusers-not rational investigators of the opinions of those who~ differ froml thitan; and, by most glaring misrepreseun tiations and blaspheonuos assertions, describe that as a reality of idol worship which is only used as a symbol to impress more clearly upon the mind a gr'eat and holy truth. A study of the history of the causes which have occasioned the rise and flul of nations, a knowledge of mnan's nature and our own con stitution, and a constant obedience to the laws which regulate our own individual well. being, ought to be our flrst and chief aim; or, as scripture has it, we ought to remedy the defect in our own sight befolre we pretend to operate upon that of our fellows. The great secret of all iermanent alnd successful issues is that of self-reflrmation. This accom plished, all otheor reforms naturally follow. The unlhesitati ng condemn tationu, by ignoranc, of' that which has been received as positive truth for many ages ought to be discouraged. Criticism in such neases is unjust and imper tinent when thle critic himself is not maIster of the work, sciencee, or discourso which he criticises. And hlow tanl it be possible that individuals whose position excludes them from thio study of medicine, law, politics, or theo logy, and who are ignorant of the very elements of them, can presume to place them solves upon a par in judgment with those who have made these studies the whole business of their lives. So long as credulous simpletons will sufobr themselves to be deceived by the nostrums of quacks-so long as superstitious wonder seekers will follow the movements of the occultists-so long as fools will follow the stump politiciant or the canting miscreants who makle a prey of tho weak and self dehludced-so long will the fiact be patent, that imposture and unblushling effrontery are as mtuch an elemout of the society of the nine teeonthl century as they were of tile days of the Rosicerucians and alchymiists. Although thIero are some so favourably organlised that, iuldelpendent of all objectiona ble ciruonmsitances, they appear to possess tlhatl by intuil;ion wlhich others only attain by great study, those aro thile e oxccptious rather than the rule, and we have a sure test for piroving their genuioneness. Such men never substl;i tute abuse f'or ai'guiOent ; they neither dlesiie noLr assumLe the chief plicotes in the couLcil or the synaigogue: setreling out tiruth lr its own Ytke, and hluding I is their ownu reward, they pursule thcil' way inilependcutly, con sisteltly, and perscv, ringly : they have no need to mi..repleseCtll or misinterpret the opinions of others: duty, sincerity, and reverence is their creed ; and this is a creed all llnay takie fur their guidance, without tfear of' adding to the long list of the impostors of the tius they Jive in. \--o- 