ohme^acha* fFrom our own CorresDondent.7 Gumeracha, May LI "While I am writing steady showers of rain, which have been much required, are falling, and will prove most acceptable to the farmers. Tiie Gumeraelia Institute lias just completed the third year of its existence, and this event-was celebrated by the usual soiree. During the last half-year the Committee, finding the great disad vantage under which they laboured in having the reading-room some distance from the centie of the township, and also the want of a lecture-ioom, determined upon making an appeal to the inhabi tants of the neighbourhood to assist in raising a building suitable to the requirements of the insti tution, and I am happy to say tbey have met with, considerable success. Already a piece of ground in the heart of the -township has been liberally given by Mr. "W. B. Eaudell, J.P-, the principal part of tne stone has been carted, and a consider able amount of money has been subscribed, so that their best hopes will, m all probability, be realized. The soiree took place on Monday, the 4th fast, in the large room of the District Hotel, and notwith standing some little misunderstanding respecting die place of meeting there were between 50 and 60 persons present. The programme consisted of sacred instrumental music'by Messrs. EL Creed, H. and F. J. Lewis- also, a ghost story by the Eev. J. A. Boake, which excited the risibilities of : the audience, a paper upon the " Spectrum Analysis" by Mr. H. Lewis, and select readings by Mr. F. J. Lewis. Tbc entertainment was brought to a close about 10 o'clock by singing the National Anthem, after wliicb votes of thanks were accorded to the Committee, to Mr. Williams for tire use'of the room,, and to the Chairman (Dr. Dickinson), the latter vote liefag carried with the addition oFthree cheers for that gentleman. Sunday-School Anniversary.—A-cor respondeut informs us that" the first anniversary of the Sunday school of the Presbyterian Church, Gawler, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. A sermon was preached on Sunday morn ing to the young by the minister of the .congrega tion, the Eev. J. Gordon.- On Monday die children were entertained at the residence,-of Mr. James Pile, Beckwith." Tlie day "proved all that could he desired for holiday purposes, and the liberality of Air. Pile supplied' everything that could contribute to the comfort of, the-large party of children, parents, and friends that graced on the occasion the spacious lawn and beautifully wooded slopes of the pleasant retreat of Beekwith. During the day the children were plentifully sup plied with cake, &c.; A teeming and costly ban quet awaited "the elder folks, to which: they did ample justice as the sun went down. Xt was a day not more beautiful than happily spent by young and old, and by 6 o'clock, conveyed in wagons, drays, arid spring-carts, all had disappeared for heir respective homes." Stanley Flat.—A correspondent sends us the following"The services in connection with the laying of the foundation- stone of the new Wes leyan Chapel at Stanley Flat were held on Sunday, the 5th instant. The sermons, preached by the Rev. H. Chester and the Rev. \Vi Davidson, were interesting and instructive, and were listened to by congregations which far exceeded the capacity of the old wooden building which has for some years been used as a place of worship.' The stone was laid on Monday by Mrs. -Ussher, and an address delivered by the Eev. IL Chester, in which he re ferred to the doctrines which would be preached in the chape], and also warned the people of some evils wliicb, if. allowed to' exist, would counteract the saving power of the truth. The tea meeting was- well attended, considering that the guests were almost exclusively from the immediate neigh bourhood. The conuexional feeling' which has always manifested itself in the general "gatherings of this circuit was almost entirely absent ou this occasion, notwithstanding the moonshine of what the country folk call a 'giantmoon';and fair weather. The subscription-list read at the public meeting in the evening gave a substantial repre sentation of many absent persons, amounting to £S7, with £9 in work. The cash proceeds were nearly £11. Shohld the money promisedbegapidly sent in, there will be sufficient funds to meet the demands of the contractors already engaged upon the work. The style of the building is to lie Gothic. It is the intention of the congregation to raise the chapel without debt, carrying the work forward as far as funds will enable them." Aborigines' Friends' AssociatioNjJLapctnda. —OnThursday, 7th hist., the Eevs. D. J. H. Ibbetson and J.Gardner, the deputation from the Aborigines' Friends' Association, held a meeting in the Weslevan Chapel, Eapunda, in furtherance of the objects of the Society. The spacious buildiug was pretty well filled. Mr. Wm. Oldham took the chair, and in bis introductory remarks he- referred to his qwn experience among the natives."extend ing backward for about 25 years,, and described their superstitious practices and their disbelief in death as arising from purely natural causes. Having made himself acquainted with their language, he eulogized its accommodating struc ture, but at tbe same time -referred to tbe gross obscenity of the native songs, as indicating a demoralization' beyond what was generally imagined. He also expressed regret that the Adelaide tribe was now extinct, especially as be had felt and still retained affectionate arid respect ful remembrance of some of its number, with whom he had been Intimately acquainted. The Bcv. Morgan Williams in-a suitable speech adverted to the alleged imperviorisness of the native mind to the religious, element, and insisted that the degradation and apparent hope lessness of. their condition , was an argument ill favour of increased exertion far their welfare. The Eev. Mr. Ibbetson was received' with'rinterest, being expected to state facts relative to the objects of the Institutum-at-Poiut McLeay, and the pro cress already made. Beports having been sents * from neighbouring towns of the line fallowed hy Air. Ibbetson, repetition will be "needless. Jhq rev. gentleman occupied a full hour in giving in formation of a really gratifying character, pro ducing a general interest in :tlie mission, and a high appreciation of the laudable'cxertions of the Superintendent, Mr. Taplin. The Ber.) Charles Colwell moved a resolution expressive of thanks for success -already- realized and hopes for the future. He was gratified by what he had heard from the deputation, and .was .of opinion that if Air. Taplin' himself could Undertake a tour to the principal ..towns of tbe colony next year to advo cate the causey in company with one or two reclaimed natives as trophies of the mission, still greater interest might be excited in the move ment. -He also cited several . striking in stances of reformation and oven conversion among the aborigines coming beneath his'rarsonai observation, and in which they had sought, and that successfully, admission into the :Wesleyan .Church. The Eev, John■_Gardner seconded the resolution in remarks of telling truthfulness and racy humour. He questioned the right even of Englishmen violently to deprive the native of his bunting- grounds, and maintained thatreason and religion demanded that, reparation should be made by imparting tbe bread of life. He also adverted to the financial progress of the Society as being hopeful. The Rev. J. M. Skewes next proposed a number of gentlemen to form a Committee fan the ensuing year, with.a view to an organized branch at Kapuuda. Carried. The meeting wag exceedingly interesting, and was therefore pro tracted to a late hour. The collection realized £7. exclusive of some promised amounts. -Votes of thanks were passed, to the Deputation and the Chair, and the meeting closed. ' 1 The P. & O. Company's Officers.—, On the arrival of the last English .mail steamer (the Madras) at Port Phillip Heads, we learn from H,» V-nlU, m-il «nmmariJ J. tiser of April 25 that "Captain Stead refused to permit tlie Health-Officer to board, or to land thei mails for Geelong and the Western District, as the P. & O. Company are bound by their contract to, do. The conduct of Captain Stead has been, strongly deprecated in Melbourne as well ag here; but it is considered on a par with his antece dents, his vulgarity, his liauteur, and contempt of authority being notorious. The representatives of the P. & O. Company, both in Sydney aqd Mel-, bourne, are much chagrined at his conduct, audit is said remonstrated with him; but he very coolly told them to go to a place not mentionable to ears polite, and declared that whilst he hadhotnmand of his vessel he-would take upon himself the re sponsibility of Iris actions." This is not the first time, we believe, that his contumacious disregard of colonial interests has been manifested.'' The same paper of April 21 also stated that "the P. & Q. Company's agents have strongly disapproved of the conduct of Captain Stead, of the Madras. A n intimation to that effect has been conveyed to hirn. There was a disposition to excuse his conduct, and pleas of exemption, danger to ship, Ac., were urged in extenuation. but.withoutavalL- The opinion or the Minister of Justice has been obtained, amL proving unfavourable, the P.. A O. Company wil| have no alternative hat to pay the fine that maybe levied upon the pilot, anu stop the amount from Captain Stead's salary. This will have a greater effect upon him thaaany remonstrance, A repeti tion of the offence is provided against by the Har bour Regulations, so that by any further indul gence of Captain Stead's penchanthe will bepaying dear for his whistle." A Leaexed Secretary. — A Good STORY.—The following amusing story is going the round of London:—In the course of a recent divorce case, the parties to which were a nobleman of advanced years and Iris young wife,"Sir Cress well Cresswell remarked that this was another instance of the evil effects of " marriage contracted between May aad December." Shortly after wards the learned Judge received a letter from the Secretary of a Scotch Statistical Society, intimating that the body which he represented would be much obliged if Sir Cresswell would favour them with an account of the facts from which he derived the singular rule enunciated by him as to the infelicity of marriages solemnized during the latter months of the year; and adding that some of the members of the Society wished to draw up the informatlwa which might be thus afforded them in the shape of answer to be read before the Society, with a view to public discussion. -Church Benew. 