THE TrO MJTGEES. »f MtM PifiUOE. At the extremity of alittle country town no great distance from Twus, «a tie high coach-road from Bark to Bordestu, there tteod ibout thirty *P> sjf^ wvside inn witli white walls, ftnd a siring, isg ilgn bearing the effigy flfLe Grand Bm, ^iiae H^y IT, «a€»«w*4e, aad tothomir of the buildings, expended Bpj. gttdeaa,« wens ®rtf»aiy tenaed j al where taelliied aAoare, bowery teees, id beds of flowers framed it so charmjfljlr that it would ban looted, had iU lisi been reaiorcd, rather like the villa, or rnm, ofsome «<salthy Uadholder.iUan t mere houso of public enta-taiamcnt. Under these circumfUuoes it is scarcely wonderful that it should have been the fivourite halting-place of tra?dleri, posliliions, aud merchants j and it was rarely U'ked that Le Grand Ed was without ctkr inmate* than ite own actual inhabits, llie interior of tbe establishment to, moreover 410 less inviting than its exterior ; for thewhitewsllsandgreen shutters tithout, were nowbit more promisiogof eonfort and eleanlioeas than the well •arranged til lightsome chsmlwM wiflah. Oa ihe jrooad floor there wss aJvaetet^aace-hall, on the rigbthandadioing- Nsm; and, on the left,« spanoui kitchen, the eoo\iijg-uten«n» gleamed brkhtly is the %btofa large fire thstblaied within & ample chinmey, nnd whSnee the •TOurv^team of miny* wdl-COoke4 d,ish a^tempaB^f to the cravingappetite of ibhimgiy wayfarer. Order ana clsanlibw were perceptible everywherfr—atrange fatares of a French road-»ids inn; not a Itoken piue of glass. uot a loosened binge, aot an armful «f decayed regeUbles, either in tront of the building or beside it; evorywas swept,. garakhed, and arranged "thoughdirt andnerfeet bad^erer been U ws daring A Newmber awning, in the y«r l6Le, whea tbe wind was sighing and * «npsg without, and the rain plashing down *» tncompronriahic resolufiba, that the »orthy Undiord of ht.Qmni Jbi, the temt but somewhat imperious JL Ebrard, ^ three ehUdren, end one of his neigh- Wwho bad taken shelter from the In. dwten^ of the weatltar at bis comfortable .„ of security from tbe '"Mianstfencfaa^twrn. ' "Just hear the rain!" exclaimed M. Ewwi affceren iiufcaat, daring which <U <1» party had bora «towed by »louder and blast than any by whidi it had been P*orfed. " This is the thifd day that it ««poured down, without a preaped of any ^ge forth® bettor. J was looking at 0>e dooSbwiSht before I iuteoed -up^the and! might u well lute looked at tt»«own of my hat, for thsj were just as ^andaennpromising. E«t the wind powwow H; tflUesSrk as the «®Myhack. AstotmreUing In such a no one would be mad enough to atnaiAbow, 4t "eew to w weahsll bewiMletttfaourtisst to the J«tt uhes, aad to mak* a night irfjt ^otaeirfMT Uf wioe-- Ton know At these words, uttered in a harsh and imperative tone, tie young girl started a® if awakened out of a dream; and, ns it seemed, instinctively threw back upon tbe speaker Pott oj a haughty and indignant glance; but elie recovered hcraolf iti.au instant, and lighting a small hand-lamp, she loft the room without remonstrance or.remark.. Ah1" ejaculated the landlord, with a low, hoarse, chuckling laugh, as ahe disappeared. " Mademoiselle Marie is somewhat of a grnide dams, you know, mon voitin ; but as pride and porerty pull badly in the s&me;'.team, she knows that when I command she has only to obey; so that it matters little after all." "EUe est belle title P' said his Mend ad- " She" might be; she might he, if ahe had any blood in her veins 5" was the cold rejoinder i "but «he is not to jny taste, though the may suit yours. However, what can't be mended must be borne s we all know that." Whoever could hare looked on that young girl as *ahe lighted ber limp, and then returned from the cellar with tie wine in her hand, must have been struck by the immobility of her features, and the excessive pallor of her complexion; for no marhl® statue could hare -heea colder and more lot* passive in appearaaee. Beautiful she was tiTno ordinary degree, and both herfitee and figure were perfect, but it was a beauty and a perfection which were unearthly in character, and altogether incompatible with thf seenes and persons with which ahe was associated. She was not the daughter of M. Ebrard. Nature could not so Far hare belied herself. She was the only child of one who had been a merchant of great wealth and high standing, hut who, baring rained himself by injudicious speculations, and not being possessed of sufficient moral courago to ikce bis reverses, had terminated his Own existence, leaving his penniless widow and helpless orphan to battle with a worid by which he, the strouff man, had been worsted. Strange cowardice, but not so singular as strange. Madame Ddfour, habituated not only to comfort, bnt to every luxury of life, and stUl young and beautiful, was so terrified at the be jgary which stated her in the taee, that when,"after the first fe .v months which followed her husband's cowardly suicide, she found her remaining francs were rapidly dwindling into sous, ahe was; after s sharp struggle, prevailed upon to give her hand to die landlord of U O'mxd Koi. in o'der to e»cure bread for herself and hsr child j bat the sassriSee was too great. Every habit and every association of her youth were opposed to the Strang-? sphere in which she found herself j and although she atill clung with almost frantic tenderness to the infant Marie, even a mother's love Med to counteract the misery and mortification of her new life. She pinei and died, and tie poor srirl was left alone to expiate a father's crimeT M. Ebrard sson forgot his ailing and melancholy wife, and replaced her by another less beautiful bat more congenial to bis habits, and better suited to ber position} a good, homely, buxom, stirring fimme mem§e % almost a match for himself in energy and thrift; bnt he was fated to be unfortunate In his matrimonial speculations; as, after making him the father of twfl boys, ; ahe too left him a widower j upon which 31 Ebrard, wlio considered himself oxtrsmcly aggrieved bv destiny.and who, inoroorer, romenibored that Mwie Delfour wasi*}>idlf attaining to a serviceable age, resolved then«fbr*mrd to sufBc? to himself, and to continue the Alpha and Omega of his comfortable establishment. "" I have hied bath extremes," he argued With himself ;, " I - have —- indulged in the — a °J* j*** penny, who had visited her Paris every year, snl had the fashions at her ftngera' ends ai I have mv w»rte-mer£3im 's accpants* and who wound" up by dysug and leaving me wiUi with a child chtid that was sot my own; c and what profit was she to me f I felt everr hour in the d^v that she wis ashamed of me 1 that We blushed _ for me; that th; I could neither talk nor act as she thought right; judl that <ahe was to? jHwud to blame me, while she was not too haughty to despise me. Well, and what was the end of that ? I found mywJf it widower, with Marie left upon my hands, who, ia a year or two. b^gan to cry if a traveller ventured to tell her that she wm pretty, ar a mow adorn* tesoai admirer to talk to her , of lore; What could I do? -Of couwe I tried agaioj and tUa time I did better, for I was not afraid to be master, of my own bouse; but here I am m ghreou once more, with creasing the family. I am slot of women; wWn the* AJenselesj! tteyworry oat | man'f' heart, and when you cSfl turn tiiem to some seeounfr, they difc." M. Ebrard could not be braided a» seniimcotalist. * "Come, come, Marie!" be shoaled as the returned to the kitchen; 11 do you want to spend the night in the cellar? Tou must beeHr Yourself a littlo more, for I can't afford to keep ,you to ha looked at 1 and if I could, pu would not do me any credit, with * lue as white as unbaked paste, and ytmr g«at hladt eyes ^mjdj « though you ww a ghost from moraine till night. Bid you erersee su<^t a girl r ' be ttsvlJuued, biraing towards his companion, n weal Wt you think that she had all the iroublw of the world on her back to l^ok •t her!—Now theft, w)ty don't yott ;1>ri»g the glasfOiP Do yp» imigioe that we are go inn to drink out of the palms ufour bands P' Xour bealth, neighbour." sttd the visit tor, a* he pouied oat a tnmbler-fall of wine from the bottle before bin, when .Marie bad silently obeyed. And still the wind roared m the wide ehimney, and the rain plashed •gainst the windows, as unremittingly as though the storm had only just commenced, andliad, as ret, bkft lib fijne to exhaust itself, fate two boys heddled together in a comer, half-frightened and hsltwuused by the elemental uproar without, while the pale beautiful gtri rettt«ed her seat and her knitting, and fell into another deep fit of abstraction. .. <.. , Suddanly two distinct blow* were hewd 00 the bouae-door, gi«K» Wparont y with the handle of a" rid[ng-jrWfo*iid men the^pi^es from thsi^m£^s floor, and denly awakeMd from a heary^Issp. " Who ou earth can this be 1" exclaimed the landlord, " it can't be a traveller, unless the diligence is behind its time; and besides " Again two loud knocks eehoed through the kitchen j aud M. Ebrard, somewhat reluctantly, took up the lamp, traversed the wide passage which led to the outer door, and then, without attempting to open it, be demanded, in a harsh impatient voice, who was there P " A traveller," was the reply j ",ara you •oing to keep me in the rain for another iourf" " What do you want ?" was the next interrogation. " What do I want ? Why, some supper and a bed, of course, if I am not quite drowned before you let me in. "There, don't be angry, Monsieur, whoever you are;" grumbled the host, as he drew back the ponderous bolt and turned the largo key, in the lock. " Walk in, and remember you have arrived at such a unusual hour, that, when our part of the country is known to be swarming with robbers, a man who has anything toloose had need be careful not to open his door to one of the band." As be Epoko he raised his lamp to a level with the stranger's face. The investigation apparently terminating satisfactorily, for his manner changed at once; he bowed respectfully, shouldered a trunk which stood upon tbe threshold, re-closed the door, and preceeded the new-comer to the kitchen, A Cue-looking young man threw off his large wrapping-cloak, which was dripping with mnd and rain, made onebounil towards the blazing fire, and seated himself upon the bench opposite to Marie, saying, in a dear, joyous voice as be did so; "This is charming, this is delicious, mine host! Had you expected me. I could not have wished a plebanter welcome. And now I must ask you to hasten my supper, for I want to get oST by the paiache to tomorrow at daybreak; I should like to go to bed as early as I can," " All will be ready in ton minutes," said Ebrard. " But you will excuse me if 1 venture to remind you that you might hare gone on there by the diligence, as it passes through the town, instead of stopping here only to start again at dawn." "Ha, ha!" laughed the ^stranger; "you are either very curious or very timid, Monsieur mon hoCe, for you have not as yet got rid of your distrust* In order to tranquillise you, therefore, I will explain this much. My family reside in a pouutry-liouse at a short distance from the town. *ttd by continuing my journey in the diligence I should have arrived "in the middle of the night—an arrangement I was particularly anxiomto avoid: whereas, by taking the boit at six o'clock to-morrow morning, I shall reach home by diaiier-tirae. Hare I how succeeded in. satisfying you as to my honesty of purple f" " " Oh, Monsieur !*' was the somewhat embarrassed reply of the landlord, as he met tbe sly s;si!e of the young man; "you have quite misunderstood me. Oao look into vour fmak and handsome £a<* was enough; althoSi-rli. -ta"bs sate, 1 wai fmz/.led a little toguesa what caused you to step here when you could have gone on without a halt to r foujottatejfr end."" • : j [ Dsmng thla brief dialogue the vytes of Marie and the danger met mare than Once; and while he examined ber with undisguised admiration and aetonkhment, she, on her side, was for the fiwt time aroused into aomething lifcc interest in what was passing around !ier: the pale cheek flashed to the tint of a hedrt-rose, and the carved and flexile lips quivened with • a nervous movement; whtleher head dropped upon her bosom, bowed down by spew and vague emotion, to which aHe could have given .no name. A my of light had mysterioasly pmietrated the darkness and desolation of her spirit; for the first time since her mother's death sue felt as though die were aoltA^rt&md; ' - She turned one hurried look on the friend of her stepfather—the heavy, soulless peasant who sought to make ber his wife, stad he? heart swelled with indignation And loathing; the glance wandered back, and it rested for an instant upon the high fair brow, the W»T&g; Curia, tad tho .beaming countenance of the young traveller—the guest of a few brief hours. Poor Marie! at that momenfcshe fuily aopreciatedall the bitterness'df her portion. Vhatcould ahe appear in the eyes ^jf siuelt a being 'aa be who was before her, but a mipisdl a creature to come and go at the bidding of every ate who could repsy her services with monev ? While he— The poor girl shuddW L a»d t eh^^?y to tean 1 was not fr^ eveu to weep over herself. The sapper was seh ed, and in leas than twenty minutes had disappeared; and .then her stepfather once more aroused her by ltarsbly desiring that she would light a candle, aud conduct Monsieur to his diara. ber,. . , • • Tbe poor girl passively obeyed, and led the way to a large and cheerful room on tho first story. . "Vou cannot 4>e the daughter «f the landlord F" said Adelphe de Eosral, as she placed the light upon a table. " I am not, Monsieur," replied Marie; ^ad a ririd blush A**enpnad herdtedn. " "I thought «o. Those white and deHcate hands, and that crimson b»w, are evidence to tho contrary at this komeat. Uaro y mfmrtrsveUea in the house to-night^" " You am the onlv one." " I am glad of it for your sake. ' What is youi'natte, Madempisel lef"' " Se sweetest of all names! It become you well.' 1 " Hoes Sfonalenr mjuireanythingmoref asked the girl timidly. " Nothing" said the young man, bowing as courteously *s thougb sjhe had been some high-born dame. '" Good night*' The salutaUoa was returned, the door of the chamber (dosed, and Marie descended the stairs, stumhliog at ever}- step. Adolphe could not recover his astonish ment. Who eoeld this ypang giri beP Was be the victim of a myitiWionf No; that was impossible; for even his own family mi« not aware that he had obtained a month's tesw of absence from BtintCyr, In order that be might rceeire the congratulatioQB of bis friends on bis promotioo to « auh4ientena»<7\. Whf^^then, could H mean P That ahe wis not/ tbe daughter of bis eoano and angeaiU host, she had herjelf admitted: that ahe was a mere meaial, was an idea to be scouted ere it was for ned: and yet that this was ber home was nevertheless evident. The bouquet of roses upon his dressing-table attested it j it had been arranged by no vulgar or servile hand. The graceful grouping of the somewhat scanty furniture, and tie very sweep of the snowy draperies that depended from the windows and the bed, spoke of her care and taste. Who could she be ? As he reached this point of bis reverie a log from the summit of the fire, fell noisily on the hearth. It was necessary to replace it, and this little domestic; care sufficed to break the spell. After all, what was it to him ? He was travelwora and weary: and so M. le Sous-Lieutenant Adolphe do Bosval haatly divested himself of his clothes, aud, without extinguishing his light, threw himself on his bed. When Marie returned to the kitchen she foond that her peasant-lover had availed himself of a sudden change in the weather to wend his way homeward, and that the two boys had retired to their bed in the grenicr; but her father was not alone. A sacond traveller had taken up his rest at Le Grand Moi, and she examined him* with a sudden and inexplicable feeing of curiosity, lb ww a man of between forlv and fifty yea ft of age, tall and powerful, with broad shoulders and ample cfiest; his grissled hair was brushed low upon his forehead, and there was a sinister expression in his eyes; but his features were wellfonaed, and his manner self-possessed and easy. It was at once evident to her that his appearance had greatly impressed her step- father, who was waiting upon him with the utmost obsequiousness. " I imagine," lie said, just as she entered, " that I mast be your may pratiqaf to-night for the weather will have" kept all comfortloving people under their own roofe " " Pardon me, monsieur," was the reply; "the room next to your own is already occupied by a young man who arrived little more than an hour ago; but there is no fear that he will disturb you, for be appears to be a perfect gentleman, and ia moreover so tired, and so auxious to get on, that he leaves us at daybreak to-morrow.'' The brow of the stranger darkened, and he made no reply. "Be careful," he said, a few minutes afterwards; " to call me in the morning at seven o'clock, for I must be at Tour by mid-day. Ahby the bye, I shall requ re a aadife-horsse—let one be ready for me, as my time is precious." K My neighbour Marie-Joseph Caraac," responded the landlord, " has the best roadster in the distinct; he can be hoe by halfpast six," "Good," said the guest 1 "then I will follow the example of your otter inmate, and betake wy«eli to rest." " Marie, a fight!" cried EWd ; and the young girl once more as.'ended the Btaira to 'marshal the new-comer to his room. Adolphe was, aa we hare stated, already in bed, with the candle still burning upon his table. He had, as yet, been unable to sleep; his brain was too busy. His newlyaequired rank; the anticipated meeting with his parents and his listers; and, mingled with these pioud and happy thoughts,"the mvstery attached to Miirie, had made him wikef.ilto that when he heard the heavy tread of a man's foottrwversing thepassagc, and passing the door of his room^he was conscious of every soand. Suddenly _a thought struck Ma; and, spuaglng to the floor," "be t^k a key from hw iMciStpOcket,"opened his trunk, and seizing his uniform sword which lay upon the top, ph^ ttnadir hapftew.' •. , Midnight strttek from the old doefc in the kitchen, and all was profoundly siMnt in the house, but stUl Adolphe remained sleepless* when suddenly he was startled bv a sound, which appeared to him like that of a key slowly tamed in the lock. lie listeasd attentively: but.asit fU not rapeated, he coaeluded that he had been the •port of his own over-excited nervCs,. and Rawing the bed-clothes closer about him, he determined to profit by the few Itodrs which were left, and to endeavour to obtain sow rest He had scarcely .begun to s'e«p, however, when he was a second time disturbed. and on this occasion ho wai &t; -once eonvicced that he had made no mistake. Some mis was endeavouring to enter" his rponj.' - Tfae candlo fetii btsmtrt®tY: but, grasp spiag his eword, he noiselesslv groped his 1 doe#. "and stood motionless besBelu. Alfout five minutes afterwards the noiis ceased, and be began to hope that the wonld-be intruder had abandoowl all hoj» of invading his privacy, whatever might have been liis motive fdr seeling to do so. Ho had carefullv locked the door of his room, and had little fear that the fasteuia^ could be forced; but,accidentally casting his eyee on the floor, be saw by the light of the moon which gleamed full upon the window of his room, and which, rendered more vivid by its contrast from the subdued storm, was pouring out its 'Chastened radiance from a now cloudless sky, that a hand had been introduced between the boards of his chamber and the bottom of the door, and was seeking to lift it from its hinges. This was too much: and steadily raising bis tword abora his head, he struck downwards with all his force upou tbe fiand thus teaitorouslv employed. A smothered groan fell upon bis ear, and then a half-articulated curse. These'we«s sue* eceded by a sound of stealthy steps retreating along the passsgo, and ere long all was sSll—but two bleeding fingera remained lying upon the fiooH Adouibe rnflhed to the. fire-place i a frw warm, fragments of wood enttbled him to light a second candle which Mood upon the chimney-pteoe, and he then aroeeedod to examine the hideous tfophy of bu rictory For A moment be shank from touching the first "fleshing" of Uisaaiden-swonUmthe rapidly overcame the weakness,and picking up tbe severed fingers, he carefully washed away the blood, and folded them up in his bandtefohief, " On Ute>ono«r of * lous-ttetcfewn*," he murmured to lamself, "that was a lucky atroke,»sdreally, for a robber, the «ncen arepassaHyftendsr, and thermits t^erAly deaa. Well, 1 suppose that aU is over {at to^hti so> as I am shivering with oold, I had better go to my bed again?* 44o1pbe was young andfMriess; abd in ft flwrte of iankoHrke was iound Itsleep- 3>sj was breaking whsn Iwd^rd aw^n our bero, who aooeptad with eiderahlo satisfaction, a cup of eieellent coffee prepared by the hands of Marie. As he did so he instinctively cast a glance at those of M. Ebrard, and had no sooner ascertained that thev were intact tujui he began to relate to him his nocturnal adventure, and to point to the blood upon the floor of the chamber, and to the ghastly^ parcel upon the chair. The honest landlord turned ashy white as he listened, and clung to the arm of Adolphe for support; but he bad no sooner rallied than ue rushed towards the room of his 'elder guest. The door was open, he drew back the curtains of the bed, and found it empty; traces of blood were dutitiguishabie m the direction of the window, which was also open; he looked out j the heavy impress of a man's foot was risible on the sou soil of the garden which abutted on the high road; and i thus M. Ebrard, excited as he was, soon convinced himself that the mutilated robber could he no other than the stately traveller who had honoured his poor bouse on the proceeding night. His indignation and honor were extreme, and he had no sooner seen Adolphe deport than he hurried off to acquaint the police with what had occurred: not forgetting to relieve his mind by the way, by communing to every acquaintance whom he met the particulars of the tragedy which had desecrated the hitherto respectable auberge of Lt Grand Roi. Adolphe do Sosval reached his home about mid-da v ; as ho was not expected, and accompanied his first greetings with the welcome intelligence of his new honours, his appearance was hailed with the most vehement joy. I Lis fond mother wept as she held him to her heart, and his sisters clung to him with mingled tenderness and p'ide. " Onlv think, mamma, he is an officer already f Is it net charming r What will papa say t* " But where is my father?" asked the younff man—" hU welcome is still wanting." " You know he ta often from home,'' said Madame de Eosval; "and we are as 'little ever iu his confidence. He left us three days ago. but we expect him home to-day.", And is he still as low-spirited and as silent as when I saw him last F*' ing aired : Adolghe. " C s fort u nately, yes," replied the gentle matron. ' I fear that he has involved himself in spacuiatioas beyond oor means; and that the idea of having compromised the future • welfare vf hi 3 children "presses heavily upon him ; bnt your unlooked-for return, Adolphe, and your happy tidings will, I trust, restore him to cheerfulness." As Soon as the family circlc hid become somewhat .more composed, and that one person was at length permitted to speak at a time, Adolphe wu overwhelmed with questions, creiy member Of the partybemg anxious to learn all that he had dons euiee fcbeir last parting. It is, at afl events, a blessing." said his mother, as she fondly passed ber hand over his hair, " that you* tare performed vour journey without any accident, my son, bowever monotonous you my hare found it." Kay, *3 4tma<r mere.' wailed Adolphe it was not altogether so monotonous -a* yon mar imagine^ for 1 at least mat with .ota adventure strange enough to bear tell- -log.'* " An adventure, and a strange oaef" exchimed his sisters simultaneously 5 Oh Adolphe, let us hear it." He complied with their request, and no cheek around him grew paler than his own as he recalled the extraordinary event of the prerious sight. " And, bv the bve," he added, when he had twemgfit his narrative to a clo«e, " I must not forget $0 teB you that I earned away with me the nndemaMe prog's of my victory—here they areand as he spoke he drew a handkerchief from his pocket in which something was evidently folded. At that very instant the "door of the *oom opened, and a man entered, Taree in statue, bnt pale and weak, and with his clothe* saturated with rain. He could saar.ily sta^gw to.a <ibair fcefere b® sank down fike one whose vital powers were utterly exhausted; and in a moment the whole iamily were crowded about him. Mv father! my dear father!" exclaimed Adolphe; '• weary" as you evidently are, how thankful I am that you Irnve returned I hivd news {jt you that will, J know, be welcome." As he spoke the young man extended his hand, hut the action met wRh co response ; aud as he glanced towards that which was so strangely withheld, he remarked that it was enveloped in a bloodstained linen. What!" he asked anxiously, " are you Kuflerin^' from more than fatigue? live you been wounded ?" Yes," was the faint reply; "as I was coming through the forest, four leagues from this, I was attacked by brigands. I bad heard that they were in the neighbourhood, but I believed it to be an idle rumour. endeavoured to defend myself; and in the fray one of the ruffian* struck off two of mv fingers. I am faint from loss of blood ; give me some wine, and I shall toOn be better." « . Madame 3e Boa nil hurried to the sideboard, and with a trembling band and swimming eyes brought the required re- 'reshiM,whaetb*twoelderjgiris woui^d their arms round their father's neck, and teoasly. Adolphe stood motionless, like one in a frightSl dream; but little Bosalie, the pet and^ay^iia of <be famdy, too young to comprehend the sorrow on which she lookedTlnd full of cariosity to tee whit ber soldier-brother had really brought home, busied herself m unfolding the handkerchief which had Meii Urn bis hand on the entrance of bis father, wad she had no sooner succeeded tban/clapping her "Mamma! Mammal Adolphe hss got the two fingers he cut off nt itte inn; give them to poor papa, and then he will *be quite In another bour.M. de Bosval was in the bands of iostiee. Hie landlord of 0*>nd ^rfjhad been so active ^in his mmt tions to redeem the honour of his house, e«rtrf Tourswps filW to owiowiBg. Movent wu one productive of unusual excite nent: the idle and unfeoliag were on the tiptoe of expectation; a drama of red life, aid involving real suffering, was to he concluded before their eyes. A father was •bout to be tried for the attempt®') rnnrde? of hit son; and, moreover, the prisoner was a 3 common criminal^ but m man of old and honoured family. o wonder that the whole city was convulsed with curiosity and animation! TtiOcourt had assembled: the prisoner was ushered to his seat; the jury were duly sworn, and the proceedings commenced. Pale, agitated, and painfully excited, Adolphe de liosvsl replied to the summons of the grejTicr, and prepared to give his efidence. He was closclv wrapped in a large military cloak, but raised ius right hand steadily, and repeated the oath in a dee aud audable voice. " What la your name r" demanded tbe President. " Adolphe Ernest Leon de Bomi." " Your profesmon P" "Pupil of St. Cvr; sub-lieutenant of the — regiment of the line.' 1 " Your age f" " Kineteen." Then fallowed the whole detail of the nocturnal attempt upon his life; or. as he persisted is believing it to be upon his properly ; bat he was, is a necessary cousequcrice of his position throughout the advesture, unable to establish the identity ot tlie culprit. Kot onee had he ventered to turn hn eyes towards the linnr € In/amU on which his wretched father was seated between two gensdarmes; and the President. touched by the paiiifuiness of his position, gave him permission to withdrew. Jean Antoiae Ebrard was the next wit. nets called. He had been dead three week*. As the third name rang through the hall, a yoaog girl dressed in ifrep mourning, and ; wearing a long bfcekwil which concealed her face, wis led to the v/itiKss-ehair j as she took the tmth she trembled riolasllfi but when derired to ««y if she recognised the prisoner, she answered Irmly: No." Poor Marie! She bad peijured herself to save the. fkther of the Touth to whom, iu one short hair, site had given avray ber heart. Adolphe had been, at We have " alreaiy epid, the eo'itary ray of brightness whieli had pic reed through "the darknm of her lot; and in seeking to save him one • bitter pang, she bad perJ W her own soul. . The circumstantial evidence agaiott M- de Eosval was overwhelming, biit still &iled; to establish the identity of the calprit. The evidence t f the landlord or his etepidanjhter must have condemned htm; bat the cm was dead, and the other had positively ewora that she had never ami him "before. After the counsel for the prosecution. (frstur*nr tin r^ijiisd addreMeti the court, ^ the counsel for the prisoner trade an abte speeeh, ia which h? flr.;iiuoudy endeavoored to prove an tu'iU He AMI that it ins impossible to prove that the prisoner at the bar had slept ai tiie auberge of Le Grand Am'ob tie night of the mysterious event which had led to the present tripl, since the only witnfeal now alive, who' mutt have wen him Lai such b Uie case, had. solemnly assured the court that she did not recognise him. a No, gentlemen of the j inr," he eonciuded, " the accused has been a victim, not an awas^u That'he hag been mnltilated by violence is certain; bat he has explained, in the elrareit manner, the cause of this unfortunate coincidence ; and tbe tword of the sou is sustained by the father's blood. " To prore which fact," exclaimed a hollow and a!mi'at inartierfate voice from amidst tbe crowd in the body of tbe court, there are the fingers which *I eat off under the door of my room." And jas Adolphe ceased speaking, an officer of the court kid them upon the desk of the PwiJttt.- < Having silm^ etsminai ftem, an >mpreMion of aista&ishment; was risible upon the countenance of the learueJ judge, who banded them to the jhwskw. by whom thpy were in turn tratuffrffd to the jurybax. It was nt oncc perwived that the severed fingers thus produced ia evidence had belonged to A* kfk hknd, while M. de - liosval was mut ikied in tbe right! Three day* subsequently Adoipfee had ceased to live. Mort ficition had supervened upon the |3Atful, wound, which % had inflicted upon hmnetf in order to save the life of his fathpr, and to prtwerve the honour of hia family. , The young soldier'a cireer was over; his drnm of fame had gone down •with him to th^grave. He met Marie once more-: they hod been eelf-sscriiiced in a com oan cause. Each appreciated ti» devotion of the other —each teit that tht-nee- iorward they had done with the wprld, {ind the world with them. Adolphe de SosM lies in the cemetery of his native town; and Marie Delfour, after performing a p. 1 nance of many years as a Sister of Charity, hss found a grave in one of the West Indian island*. 