T HE TU RF. SPORT AT RANDWICK. As we had all alons anticipated, the TattersaU's -programme, including the great match between Kyogle and Traveller^drew a very brilliant as- semblage to the course on'Thursday afternoon ; and rtmongst the crowd we were well pleased to see a goodly number of die right sort from the country districts. It is hardly .necessary now to refer at any length to the circumstances under which this successful "special day" wa« . pro- vided for the lovers of racing. Every one is aware that shortly after the advent o! Traveller attire September - meeline, a question arose, as to the relative merits.of that horse and the thorough- bred Kyogle-the upshot of which- was that Mr .Doyle of Maitland, acting with the consent of Mr J. T. Ryan, concluded a match with Mr Dines j the ternis being £/>Q0 a-side, three miles, one event, carrying jvéightTor age^- The amount of "b'pw, ,aiiîï"Wtt^î«?tul^ 'the" horses met on Thursday was something like £2200 or .-Cl 100 aside. As soon as the preliminaries or this ? grand affair were duly concluded by th . "high contracting parties," a humber of gentle- men who love sport expressed a desire to have the match supplemented with «nie oç.two. other events, so as if possible to provide a comfortable a'ternooii's-enjoyment. The idea thus, mooted was-very well received, and on the occasion of the first meeting for the'year at TattersaU's, a proposal was,made for voting half a century for a handicap and a score, for a hack stakes. Some little opposition was at first manifested to the pro- position, several members of' the"-room'thinking the step injudicious unless the nieetin¿ could be arranged for a Saturday instead ol a Thursday, as (toed by thc articles of the match. Their impression was that die latter day would be inr convenient to business people, anti consequently that the attendance would he comparatively poor. It was urged, on tho other haiitl, that the day "would make very little diflèrence, and after "argufying" the point, the Club With its wonted liberality : decided to vote the two sums n.cn tioned, and a committee being named to make arrangements, a nice little programme was the result. ? yin granting their />0 sovereigns, the Club decided to make it a free handicap,, with 3-sovs each,', the second horse to receive 10 scrvs, and the third 5 sows. Every owner of a nag, therefore, hud a chance and the advantage ol nothing to pay.. ' The . Mack takes was made with a sweep of 2 sovs each, heat's, once round. On Monday 'night last, on opening' the en- tries for' the handicap, -it was -found that fourteen nags ' lind responded, while another entry (that of Skylark)-which, came to hand late was necessarily, hut with regret, excluded.' Mr Lee was retyies'ted to act as handicapper, "and looking to the fact that eleven animals accepted, it must he owned that that gentleman was most successful in the task which he undertook. For the Hack Stakes, five nominations, were received, ol' which four came, to the post. Having thus sketched the history of the Thursday progiamme, We must now-proceed tti'.chroiticle the doings at the 'course, observing at the outset that the con- duct of the mee'ing was -confided to thc Jockey Club, whose arrangements on;.the occasion were ¡ts usual curried <utt with. cnW.'/.ând satisfaction to all concerned. liv factj -lhere now exists between the Jockey Clnb : and Ta'ttersalPs the most friendly' spirit, sind with the combined exertions of the . two bodies, we. hope to SPI> our, colonial turf once more attain i's pristine glory ; and ere long we trust to have the gra- tification ol' announcing that the coiirse is tree hom debt, "when owners will '? be able.'to expect 'augmented prisses, ami fewer deductions. A iírescnt, -we must plod along ns we are, till we knock '.' the monkey- off the chimney ;" for there is a big sum yet to be wiped out in respect .of the formation and improvement - of - the course. But we'inunt not wander from-the truck,"but at 'once ,proceed with the running. On visiting the ;course;''about "half-past two o'clock, we found "all" the., necessary indications gmjig forward. O'Brien, as usual, had hi».establishment well, stocked willi all the' approved brands, and young Sam and his assistants were kept ' pretty busy from that hour to the close of tile sport. Amongst thc nags that shewed in the saddling yard,. War-, rior, Gondola, Liiuristina, Medora, and » Don Cossack w.ere most . admired for their appear- ance, but the latter animal was in a »reat stat , of fidget, and worked himself into n perfect luther of sweat long before the . hour of starting. Old George the First was remarkably playful, kicking; out most actively under 'the toilet, and displaying ntl; appearance that induced .many, to entrust hji'n .vvith a\notè or two at 6 to 1.. We do .tôt hkeijpísájranything, hard when" a, Indy is in the case, hut really Miss Dixon never could have »'.utertnined an-idea that she had. the .'ghost ol'a' chnnce ol' pulling olf the prize-with 'Kildare. True, the horse was something less like a prize ox than he was when we sow him'at Penrith, brit considerable .more heel' must he taken alTjhhn ere he can" be expected to carryvMissjDixon's colours successfully. Lauristiua was iii pretty I fair order-a trifle too stout, but hevertheliWshe had many. admirers. Miss Rose, who waiTtlie last to arrive at the enclosure, looked remarkably well, but scarcely an individual-present gafe her credit for being-"likely to pull off'tlie*' priz.f, and even our friend., Ryan himself .' wns- not iif little astonished " when he became the owner. pf the sugar. She ran remarkably well, and ¡Í the rush at the finish, when hard pressed hy Presto (no pun intended) responded with a gamen?.« that few supposed her possessed of. A.p to Travel lel- and Kyogle, the first-named was in fine'fettle, a' perfect picture,"in fact, of çonditioris'"aj>d each while saddling was surrounded by ian anxious crowd. Ky ogle," it was evident to ("every eye, was unfit for tho keen stiuggleVjex'pectod. Th« Traveller, of course, 1M<1 thc most iiieud.s, and »t starting the betting stood at 2 to his>favoiv TJoiv well lie justified the confidence reposed- in him'is shewn'by. the.result appe.idejl below-. VVe should have mentioned,' as oxplriiiñtory:' m some degree pf the,, wretched,] figure^ whiclj|5y.arVii\rV cut in.tho handicap, "that:prior 'to starting' the horse displayed signs of lameness in" the'ifF fore foot, and 'before running haifa mile he was completely done, and unable to ilse the leg. *-1'e had, pre vjnu.sly to Thursday morninf>, stood Iirst favorite for the race; and even with the iiidicauonof lame- ness to which we have adverted, there were very few Jayers who would have any thing to do with him at 3 to V. We mention this simply be- cause an absurd; rumour obtained that, the; horse was pulled oil*purposely. No one who saw him alter the race-could-possibly have any doubt of the real cause ol his non-success ; and we are sorry to think that Mr Doyle is by thu mishap virtually shut out of the Metropolitan Meeting ; for it is next to impossible that thc horse can be got fit for the coming races. TJiere is too much \- reason, indeetl, to tear that thc injury is ol'a nature that will require'a deal of rest and nursing. , We nowjproceed to our account ol' the running-- the three.events on the card having been contested in the order we have given them :- I -ITirst Ruco.-Tho HACK STARRS of 2 sovereigns .each, with 20 sovereigns added by Tnttoi-snll's Club, for all bonn lido hucks,' currying 1) stono coeh. Heats,'pnce \- round. . Tho winner to bo sold for.iC30, any Bufplus to gb.to TnttersnU's Fund j Bccoud horse to receive ,125. Mr Driscoll'* eli g Canuto.Driscoll jil G.-Malley'« b in Crinolina .Lovell. 3 > Wooller's li g Adonis . - ' ". 1 Francis' ch g Creejiavray. ' . - First I rent.-A protest was lodged against Orinolino and Canute, on tito ground that they »vero not bonajtde hucks, but tito objection'wu» not sustained. Canute, who was in fino racing condition, went away with a good lend, inniuttiimng front pince UH 'roach ing tho back stretch, when Criuoliup, (the only othor nag that" ap- peared to liiivó à 'chance) challenged anti clo.ied upon liim, tho two rounding tho Derby corner ncok und'neck. The paco and condition of thu sliosnut, ho no vcr, proved too cood, and thu game little muru was defeated iii'tho run home to tho post by upwards of two lengths j tho other two caine up à long way in tlie rear. ; Second Heat.-This was u case of "ditto rçpoâtcd,''' tho nice lying exclusively between Crinoline and Canuto -tho lutter winning .by ? u longlli aftor another gama display oh tho part of tho little buy maro. Second Ruco.-TATTERSAI.T/S JTIUÎB IXAÎTUICAT ofSsove . reigns enoli, with 50 sovoreigns-ndded by TaltersiiU's Club ; oiieo round .and a distnuco ; tho second 'horse' ...to; reçoive. 3.0'BOvereiaiiB ' front tho efolie,' aird'thu Mr Ityon's b ni Wis« Hose! aged, "sl.-t|l>",.'.«¿.."..... .ArmijlronR ~ ! 'Tatt'» b u Freno, tget\, B»t Sib............Thomion 2 .lllKlUwn's x f Uiimliiln, 4 yrs, X<t 31b ..Driscoll 3 Doyle'« ch li Warrior, 6 yrs, Dst Gib De Mestre's b m I.nurlstlnn, atti, Ssl Sib Ivory's br h lion Cossack, aired, 8»t 71h Morrl»' li g Gennie the Finit, fl yrs, 8>t 41b ? Miss Dixon's b c Kildare. 4 yrs, Sat Hr ilakcr'sch g Oarlhaliti.S.yrs, 7»t tllri Fowles' chin .Medora, aged, 7»t 71b ' J. Eales, Jun's., b o pitchman, 3 yrs, 6it 51b ' . .Delling: 2 to 1 against Warrior ; 3. toi each Against r>nunsliim und Gondola ¡ 4 to 1 against Don Cossack,, Presto, und Dutchman; 6 to. 1 each ngainst the others. This proved one ol' the best and inosfc intoresting..rnces over seen nt Randwick-tho-Jlno appearance which tho field presented being tho' thorne of general admiration. Tho result staggered many, for contrary to nil expeotu-' timi, tho winner wna found in an niiiiiml Hint had been looked upoii .to bo o veritablo outsider. At tho dropping ol' tho flag Alisa Roso'dartcd to tho front, followed closely by Lnuristina, Doil Cossack, I'resto, and Gondola, tho others lying about a length behind, with tho exception' of Warrior, who wont dead lanie, nntl Dufoli ninn who got n bad slnrt. On reaching tho lint Prestí), Gondola, and Don Cossack improved the puce, and closed upon the mare, but' could not succeed in gelling to her head, as she held tho piuco bravely, and led round the Dorby corner by n clear.length. As. tho horses neared tho turn ut the rails, another splendid rush was nuulo by Presto and Gondola, and those haring singled out from liierest, a .mugiiilicont.raco to tho post ensued. Jîven I tinily Presto got past tho groy, and .collaring tho mnrb ht the distance both went nt it for t hu finish. For sercml srric'.es.it was a nock nud neck struggle, but in tho lust live or six yards Miss Roso gained Ibu advantage, nud passed the judge's chair it nook iii advance ; Gondola third, n .length behind Presto, niid Don .Cossack fourth. Warrior cunio up last but one, the Dutchman finishing .it the extreme'cud of tho ruck. third Knee.-Tho OKK.VT MATCH, JC503 aside, ono event, 3 milos ; woight for, ugo. . Mr J, T. Ryan's c R Traveller, 4 yrs, Sat.Olb.J. Leggatt 1 Hines's br li Kyogle, I yrs. Sat Ulli........-.."..IIIsliiip 2 ISetting at starting-2 to 1 on Traveller. As tho horses emerged fruin t ho yard they were severally greeted with 'cheers from their respect ive admirers. Tho raco itself,' although fur Mich a largo amount, was nob particularly exciting. Bishop, riding to orders, mudo a wailing race ol'it. till the second time round, when, in thc Hat ut thu buck he tried the chosnut for foot, mid amid loud bursts of applause nm. up to his girths. .As .tho two neared the turn into thc rails, Kyogle, neilin put on tho sU>a.ni, and tho racing ensued "in earnest, .both-coming up thc stralght ut n killing paco.: . Traveller was not tql'b'o" beaten; however, and despite .tho excellent riding ; ol' Uishop, tho sort_of3Viïbum. T.çlli.wus obliged to jmo-. "iumb, Traveller reaching-tho post . by,-uprfiii'dn-of: a length nud a hnlfiu ndyanoo. U'hnc, ft mini». 32 sees. On.coming to scale after tho race, it was objected by; tho ovviiorof Kyogle that tho winning horse ludii't curried " weight for age," iii- pecordiinoe with thei.arlielos'of agreement, and a formal protest to that cll'eet mis. made. It ,wm known bolero thu mop thiit-spmu such objection would be'mudó, baned on the alleged fact tlint Traveller ii a five year old horso.. . The mutter -was, ln)wovor,'lel'l uvor for'subsequent invest igntiou, rind no ' doubt tho point raised will bo decided with' "impartiality^uiid.with satisfaction to ull concerned. 