TEIP TO WALLAROO. A slightly irritated correspondent sends us the following:— 'Did you ever, gentle reader, take a trip to Wallaroo? If so. read no further. Nothing that I can write can equal your experience, me journey begsars all description of it. It must, in fact, as the showman says, 'be seen to lw 'I went. I wish I had not. My life would then have lacked one of its bitterest memories. And yet there has resulted this cood to hk\ that the nephui ultra of existence has been passed, un less I were to make the journey again, which no earthly consideration would induce me to attempt. 'In setting out I was flatten; I by the sweet {-romise of accomplishing the journey in ei;rlit lours— a thing that never has lieen done, and never will be, notwithstanding the oft-repeattd advertisement to that effect —which advertisement, let me remark, is the most piarin? and impudent falsehood that ever shnwe-l itself upon the face of a newsiaptr. Why, the sea voyage from Port Adelaide to Clinton, in a dirty little steam-tup, occupied nf itself more than five hours, under almost the most favourable circumstances; and when that part of our trip ended our worst misfortunes began. We were shipped from the steamer into a wood barge, moored about half :i mile from shore. From the bans? we were hurried and huddled into a boat; from the boat we were hauled into a spring-cart, rickety, and drawn by a miserable ghost of a horse through the shoaling water over a wretched sand bank to a vile shanty, where execrable liquors and ill-flavoured water, warm as new milk, were being served, civillv enough, I confess, but all iinpotently so far as refreshment or alleviation of thirst were concerned. But why do I say 'were,' as if the journey were a thing of the past. Never do I revert to it but the miseries of it are as vivid as ever, presenting themselves as living re-enacted realities. The heat of the day, and of the drinks I tasted only to decline with nause.i, the despair with which I got into the drat: that was to convey me across from Clinton to Kadina, are as much facts while I write in my study as they were when I first endured them. They have lost nothing but their noveltv-the only small alloy in their sterling wretchedness. 'The conveyance I mounted was strong it must be allowed. It had four good wheels, was painted hot yellow, the horrid glare of which was partially moderated or dimmed by the dust of the down journey. The seats were burning hot. The whole affair, without cover of any kind, weighed about a ton. Into this American wagon about ten pas senders climbed, and before it were harnessed four undersized horses, two of which were dreadfully collar-galled. When I predicted such animals could never take us to Kadina, I was told the driver was one of the first whips in the colony. Remembering the old adage, that ' they xmust needs go whom the devil drives,' I thought it possible that heartlcssness in a coachman might get a team along where a merciful man would signally fail, anil prepared for asony in my own mind, increasing or abating according to the agony of the horses. Weil, with whipping and stamping and shouting, and pulling of reins as if the driver were dragging his team on to the coach-bos and letting them down suddenly to the ground again, and by the male passengers getting out and walking three-quarters of a mile up a steepish rife, we got away some two miles, where one of the horses was dead beat. This poor beast was sent back to Clinton for reinforcements, and we tra velled on with three— more slowly of course, if possible— and walking a second three- quarters of a mile, we accomplished the first seven miles in two hours and 20 minutes. Here was a tent and a cask of water— ill-flavoured, bad-coloured, hot, but still water— which we stole; it was not ours, save by the right of stern necessity. This out of a black and greasy pannikin we drank ad tiauseam. Here we were overtaken by two horses from Clin ton, one of which had done the distance down (21 miles) the same morning. Then with five horses we renewed our effort at progress, and, happily, more successfully. But the dust those five horses and the four wheels of the carriage raised hung round us as a moving cloud, and every now and then this best whip in the colony took us over stumps with a jolt that nearly upset the convey ance, and fairly unseated everyone in it. We were bruised, blinded, and stifled. The ladies in a lull of the dust talked of fainting, the gentlemen of going mad, and I just consoled myself with the determination to write and let the innocent world that have never travelled Wallaroo-ward know the whole truth about it. 'At the Cumlierland Mine, or a little further, we came to another inn. where we got lemonade, sodawater, ami other decent Christian drink, and where our miseries, so far as jaded and gulled horses are concerned, terminated. A fine team of smart cattle were put on equal to the draught of our coach and passengers; but to make up for delay on the former part of the roid we were dashed along over a bush road—hats and bonnets struck by boughs of pine and malice; dust as bad as ever, worse if possible; jolting more frequent and more sodden and powerfiu-to Kadina, where we arrived at quarter-past 7. Crusted with dirt and perspiration, our clothes brown as if we had been working in a snuff mill, exhausted in mind and jaded in body, we bade adieu to our four-wheel ; and if anybody ever experienced a happy de liverance 'from purgatory to paradise we did when we got into a mail-cart of Foote's for. our transit from Kadina t3 Wallaroo Bay. Half an hour over greensward, driven by a skilled and frolicksome whip, no dust, good horsey and first-rate pace, we were there in no time; that is, we did the five miles in about half an hour, delivering the mailbag at the Post-OfJke at a few minutes to 8 oVlock. Thus our eight hours had grown to twelve, which I learn 13 the average time of transit, two houra.of which were spent in a broiling sun. solely owing to the most shameful manner in which' tne coach was horsed on starting from Clinton. How we were congratulated by our friends on having got there at all, and how we congratulated ourselves, I need not say_. How many basins of water we defiled in ablution, how many cups of-tea we drank, how soon we went to bed, and what dreams we had of siroccos, arid wastes, hairbreadth escapes, appalling catas trophes, &c.;, I won't tell you ; but simply say that such a journey was enough to fill one's dreams with horrors and one's waking thoughts with misery for vears. if not for a lifetime.' 