A NEGRO LETTER. (Wira COMMENTS nv THE KECIPIENT.) DEAU BBUDBEB SAM.-This comes hopping, it will find you when it reaches you ns it leaves mo before I send it. Now that I've quite finished my letter, I taite j up my pen to undress you with these few lines. . All am j well at home except every body, om. a .suffering sea sickness through stoppin in tho house, which makes om enjoy very bad health, and dors a very great quantity of scarcity , of timber round do district-as it am all used up for leaden coffins. Poor Jane Mario C'-clemontiiia huey Eugenia Sally died do odor morning at half-past 10 in de evening of de day before ;*tho ahothecary pop Doctoring man said she died ob collusion ob de bread basket and spiflication ob do camera obscura, which was caused by want of brcfT, but dat fact am no such thing and always was, cos she had breff till de last moment, and when she was gone dead de Doctor gave up all bopes of her getting any better. Uncle Ned wrote to me de odor day, but "after all his long journies dat he was a going to take he met with an unexpected end as might have expected 'caso ho he gave up de Ghost throo days be- fore ho wroto de' letter.- Ho's bcon to a great many queer places. De ship ho sailed in called at a placo whar dey »take out de people's eyes, and put them in wicker bottles made of glass, (I spose dats whar de Isinglass comes from.) Dey also called ut an island in do Specific Notion where dey cuts tip them- selves and puts themselves botweon two slices < b bread, and covers themselves with mustard and ehnws them- selves up. , (Golly, dat must bb de Sandioii h lei md.) Den doy went to a place hat dey Utcd to dino only one J a year, (lepóse du ts Mungar;/.) At last he got eh'p wrockcd, on de uninhabited island ob London, near, . de village ob' Great Britain,-wore ho WOB bery much respcoted by everybody, and he, didn't care about de pinion ob de rest, till ho mot .with an accident.- You seq dar. was a man got. some, loose Bilvor on him all in bonk, notes, and poor Uncle Ned took a fanoy. to. it,vond, dar was a.muss, and.sotneflngV itboni a knife, and a throat cut, and it wasn't Unelo Nod's tlrroat, and de conclusion, ; was dat ho had a pointmcnt ono evening just about sunrise at .a placo, of musemont.called Old Baily,! with hU, paTtrcklish friend tho. Sheriff, when 'zactly as de clock struck' two inohca and a half past eight,, as bo. was standmg in a horizontal position oh a BCalfoid (golly, ho's getting up in do atmosphere), Iiis foot Blipped, and ,he broke his neck, and dat killed him ; and dey found dar was a bit of string round'his throat, so dey cut. him down, and he fell into a mud gutter oh de hard stones, and dat killed him again, and BO they fetched a coroner's income tax to Bit on him; ana brought in a vordigris of died of a drop tab' much,- and dot killed: him for. de last time, and now he's gone ns a wet nurse to de Gulf' of Niagara to attend, to Gari- baldi's poor feet. I can't write no more, because I don't know any more of db langwidge-hoping you will excuse de bad spoiling, but de ink was very thick,, and do only pen I've got is a pencil without any lend in hiui, and us .punctuality oin the thief of timé, and procrastination am the mother, of invention, a pin a day butters, lib par- snips, which fully accounts for-de milk 'in do cocoa pot.-. " v ?? . ?..' V,-;.i . / Your everlnstin mnlo brother. . P.Q.R.S.-If doy clinrgo moro dan tupponco for. dis letter, don't pay it, but bo euro whether-you get . thiB or not to let. me know what you 'think*of de news in it.. ; M.C.- On second thoughts you had better.write an answer before you receive dis ; but don't break tho seal till you've read the letter. . > ?.;;."?. Address--Gaol, somewhere or other. 