8T. BARNABAS CHURCH. TBB leremony of laying iho foundation stone of the additions to St. Bimabas Charoh wnn perfotmed yester- day, by John Campbell, Eiq., M L,C. The present edifice, as it now stände, ia found muoh too small for the congregation, and it ia proposed to enlarge it by extend, irg tbe webt front towards Parramatta.street. Tbo fun's requibite for tbia purpose aie, in great part, col- lected, and it is expeoted that tbis improvemint, the want of wbiob bas so long been felt, will be suooeasfolly and speedily carried on'. At three o'aloei tui Vary Beverend the Dean of Sydney) acaompanicd by tbe Rev. Thomas Smith, the incumbent, and the Reverend Canon Walsh'proceeded to the ventry, whence they shortly emerged in their oancnioals, and followed by a goodly number of tbo parishioners, at onoe went to the spot where tbe stone stood ready for laying. Over the stone, and suspended from the windloss, floated the Union Jack. At tbis time tbe weather, wbioh had hitherto looked like rain, partially oleared up, and but for the clouds of dust, the afternoon would bave been pleasant. The Dear, assis'ed by the Bev. Canon Walsb, <hen performtd a shott but appropriate Borviae, at the oonoluBion of wbioh tbo reverend incumbent pre- sented Mr. Campbell with a bandeóme trowel and mal- le', tcoorrpani'.d by the (ollowit g addtes : - To the Honorable J. Campbell, Esq. M.L.O. Io the name or the congregation of St. Barnabas, I have to re- quest you to lay tbo foundation atone of this tbo addition to our church,and,altUoaamo time, to presont you with a memento of our regard in the abapo of tbla trowel and mallot. Wa trust yon will not moisnre oar ootoem by tbo insignia canoe of Ino monetary valoo of the gift, but look upsn It as It really la, the expression of the love of tba oongragatlcn of St. Barnabas for ona who baa proved himself a friend in the timo of need. Early In our history as a charon you made us feel that yon wore desirous of aiding la our work. When ouroharahwasonlargedby the addition of a gallery you were ap foaled to, and not In vain Whon tbo school-rooma wore built, wo years Blnoe, you took the chair; and, let me say, your taking tbo chair waa not the ompty formal daly porformod, and then all over; tilth you it moant helping with your money. When debt' preBaed upon na and threatonod to obstruot our work, yon wore thoro in the ihapo of a throo hundred pound lift. Whon, thoroforo the time had ooma for the enlargomoni of the charon-tho qaostlon was asked who shall lay tho foundation atono ? Why, tho universal response was, ho who baa laid BO many brloks and atones In the old build- ing. We reel that not only to na, but to tho Church of England throughout tho colony baa your parse been opon, and If over th o history of onr Church in tbis colony la wrllton, the history of tho Campbella muat bo written to: your name la aasooiated with tho Ohurob in all ber work In that noble pito whloh digniflea Chnreh-hlll In tho Bounding of thoao bella-those are momorioa of yowr liberality, and whon through doatb you will be absout in body from that earthly temple, you will bo present In the remembrance of yoor doods of beoovolenoe, and bo assured, honoured air, your name will not bo forgotten bore. Tho ohlldren oflour paroonial eobool know yuu as one < f thoirbest friends; and tbla tho addition to our ohuren has, by the poopie, boon dignified by the becoming sobriquet of Campbell'B ond. Personally I have muoh to thank, you for when hoBot with dlflloultioB ; when haraBted by the nant of money I have invariably, though often unwillingly, turned towards tho wharf wbioh beera your ninia ; and although I havo ofton gono with a doproaaod eplrlt and an ompty exchequor, I can sty that I have returned Invariably with a replenlahed exchequer, and a heart refreshed with your kind noes. May you, air, livo long to toko a part In tbo oatabllahlng of the Charon of England In this land ; and may tho declining stops of your well apont Ufo ba sweotenod by tho eonaolation of tho lovo of Christ, so that when tho time of your denarturo aball arrive you may bo found to havo built upon the euro foundation, and be youraolf a Ilvlrg atono built upon tbo opOBtloa and prophets, Jeaua Chrlat himself being tho oblof oorner stone. The trowell was of a very elegant deeigo, the handle being of ivory and the blade of si Vcr, artistioally oarved, on wbioh was (inscribed-" Presented to the Honorable John Campbell, E q , by the parishioners, on the oona sion of bis laying tua foundation Btono of the addition to St. Barnabas' Cburob, Sydney, Djoember 2nd, 1863 " The mallet was also veiy handsome, being of my It wood, obaslely mounted wiib silver. Bitb wero manufactured by Mr. Flnvelle. In tbaik og the paiisbionerB for theil kind present, MrT CAIIFBETJT. assured tbem of the pleasure be always felt at doing all Hat loy in his powtr io forward the welfare of bis Ci ural'. Ha thought ii tbe duty of everyone to practise a little self-Jomal so as to forward so good . wort. Mr, Caupbel.'d eloquent address concluded by paying a high iribute of regard to toe esrmat labeurs of tbo Rev. Thomas Smith, their it Bpealed incumbont, Tbii 4G4'h bj mc having been sa np, the ceremony ol laying tbe stone was gone tbrcugb, Mr. Campbell bi olating it " well at d truly laid in tbe nome of Ibe Father, Son, end Holy Ghost." In the cavity of tbo Btono wai pleed a bottle con- taining . ocpy of caohof the da'ly popera, and a doon, meat stating the namo of the Governor of Now Sot-tb Wsls, the Bishop and Dean of Sydney, aa well as that cf tbe incumbent of the church, and tbe churobwatdenp, at tbo lime the Boee was leid. The DEIN then delivered an address, in wbiob be spoke in terms of thankfulness of tbe work tbey hod tbat dey commenced, and hoped and believed that it would prosper and be o blessing to the neighbourhood. Ho had often cotioed with regrot, the urgent necessity tbat bad existed for the enlargement of tbe olu ob, and as tee hot weather was coming on, at wbiob time tho necessity for enlarging the church became more urgunt, it waa encouraging to think tbat tho wotk bad oommenced. Tbe abaogo that had taken placo in that neighbourhood was a sign of bow unremitting Mr. Smith bad been in his labours, and bow those labours bad been blessed. Tbe Rev. C non WALSH said be bad known that neighbourhood for a long pe tod, and be could bear tes t'mony to tbe improvement tbat rod token place in ii. The reverend gentlem n then prooeedrd to exptes,B the highest fetlings of rrgard to Mr. Smith, and to invoke a blessing on the good work they bad that day com- menced. Mr. SMITH, in a foroible eddresB, solicited sub. aoriptions tor oarrying out tbo odditiona to tbe church, and we are boppy to leurn that £100 was subscribed. * Tbis oonelndtd the proceedings. In the evening, the Rev. t. SMITH exhibited some dissolving views in tbe'.S'. Birnabas' eohool-toom, when the attendance was viry large. -The entertainment wes really good ; the large and powerful d'ssolving apparatus r ulonging to Mr. Smith, being oapable of produoiDg some beautiful and startling tffeate,' while the reverend gen ilemat/d intersting arid nmuiing remarks oh e> oh view ?¡reilly pleased and ¿.pt alivo the audience. Tbo choir, under the direction cf Mr. Stanley, performed appro, pílate selections if mutio, in suoh n manner BB to refleoi «real credit both"1 on tbetneelves and iheir conductor. Toa amosementa'. terminated nt about 10 p m., all ex pretslng their, appreciation of the kind t fforts of those who bad afforded tbem so pleasant a tritt. 