MNRARO IHTELMGEMCIL A survey of the sites of the Old Gravel Pits, Goto TmHit, Bed Stteik, Bed Bin, tad Eureka ^ diggings" would be aa inspection of the antiquities of this " eleven and -going in twelve" yean old place. Such a surrey would alio show liow completely tho*e ever famous spots have ceased to be cared for as alluvial grounds. Eventhe China DIa has given them up as fthscsted, and BO . suae emphatic proof of desertion can tie given than. that. The valley from the Canadian to the Yarrowee is now either unoccupied or oocupiod only by quartz confunies, and here and therf a lonely party of puddlers. And so,from the junction of the Eureka and Bed Streak or Bed Hill to Rotten Gnlly, the whole line, excepting the adjoining ground where the. Confederate and -other companies Have created some life, is utterly, deserted. Below-the-B^d Hill there are three puddling parties, and in Pennyweight Flat 'there . la one-a Chineae party. The other portion of that -line is equally hare of life The Chinese put; in the gully has tramway* and cut tings renoing into Pennyweight Hill, whence there is a good depth of wash-dirt being taken for pud dling. The " graveyard," which was so ruthlessly cat-to pieces when the Eureka was fonnd to be crosting the road south from near the site of the historical stockade, is nowsttent and decorous, as befits a graveyard. Bnt what the ghosts do who belong to the bones thai were disturbed in the un economical time when- the place was riddled by a lot of useless shafts, we do no'tknow, unless they are laid by the incessant thunder of the East India Cement Comjfkny's batteries, which make night hideous* -enough,-no -doubt^'to quietly and sleepily disposed people. If there-were really a ghost-laying virtue in everlasting noise, the batteries in question have work on their own account to do by way. of vicarious penance for the tragical deeds done there pot -very long ago, one memento of which "is now visible, for the boiler tube that was blown up the hill at the late fatal explosion lies there still. The crashing works above the grave yard are idle,- the ground not being found to pay so well rs was anticipated. These works were rather extensive, and the failure of the venture is to be re gretted as the loss was not only great, but tended to'retard the development of similar spots. Re tracing our steps as far as Clayton* s Hill we find the Windsor Company engaged in repairing ami gene rally overhauling the machinery preparatory to a fresh Btart next week. The company has a good supply of water as yet - and a pretty good reach of ground yet unworked. One other small puddling party completes the list of mining occupants there. Proceeding up the -Buninyong - Golly to the Cana dian and adjacent gullies-we find that, excepting here and - there a Bolitary party of puddlers, prin cipally Chinamen, the grounds -are unoccupied by alluvial miners. Thus we find that the whole of the old part of the fiallarat aliuviM ground has been abandoned to a few puddlers. Bnt a new jn-. duairy baa sprung up in place of the old one, albeit it cannot yet be said that the new one quite equate the old yet in the prolific nature of the yields from the outlay of money, labor, and enterprise expended thereon. Quartz mining along the line of the deserted alluvial grounds in question has only in part acquired a footiag*ina remunerative sense, and i' is a matter of regret that the maximum of profit ia .not so high as it might be, were the miners sup plied with a permanent and ample supply of water. As we have already had occasion to report, there are several companies quite idle in consequence of an insufficiency of water, and it surely will be very goof economy on the part of the local water com munion to provide for such circumstances as those which a long summer drought always brings. Tr.e loss to the minors and to the locality generally is considerable, when a whole string of expensive redacing plant is lying useless, and this is a fact whteh cannot be too often repeated in" the hearing of the gentlemen charged with the functions of water snpply. The Great Republic Company had no divi dend last week, the produce of the mine being devoted to the payment of expenses incurred in the purchase of additional machinery and in other matters. With the addition of the Lemonade pad dock and the cessation of the Mill and adjacent companies, the Republicans have acquired a better position and the claim must be held to be a good one yet for a long time, so far as the look of things below is concerned at present. And this as a merely alluvial venture, besides which, it is already known that several quartz lodeB traverse the company's ground, and the value of these lodes it is impassible to estimate. That most of oar alluvial claims should b come quartz workings as well, is one of the likeliest results of alluvial working, whether simultaneously" 01 not is another question. Already we have several instances of the conjunction in one claim of the two kindB of working, and in others of the succession of the one kind to the other. A contract has been in vited for the erection, at the Lemonade shaft, of the machinery lately bought at the sale of the Great Eastern Company's plant. The Emerald Company, on the late Allied Army claim in Greene's paddock, IB one instance of quartz mining following upon the exhaustion of the allu vium^ For sojie two or three years the ground in question was in occupation as an alluvial claim, and it is only comparatively recently that promising quartz lodes have been opened there and are being prospected now with encouraging signs of sucees?. The washing of the casing and loose quartz goes on as before with a good yield of gold, and the unre duced atone is being left for crashing, should further explorations seem to warrant such a course. The Surprise Company had not till lately been 'mc^f enough to find the Republican lead. After, however, a good deal of driving in all directions had been done from the Sturt street shaft, something has been struck, East week the drivers struck what is supposed to be the Republican Lead, and a rush was made by those in the secret to buy up the shares both in tbe Surprise and Monitor Companies. The exact nature and value of the new discovery have, however, yet to be proved." The Monitor Company, further west, has been more unlucky, and for some time past has been idle, owing to a tightness in money matters. We hear, however, that another start is to be made. The Danish Company cleaned up on Saturday, for the first time since the new start with the newly erected batteries. There has been a good week's crushing from the 160 feet level, and a good yield was expected. The shareholders express their satisfaction with the excellent way in which Mr Powning managed the laying of the battery bed. Everything works solidly and well, The New Enterprise Company, Bed Streak Lead, has cot yet got to work with the Goulding amalga mating pans, because of some unexpected delay at the Victoria Foundry, where some castings are being done. The alluvial ground in the company's claim has been let to tributors, the company reserving four sleeping shares in the proceeds. No returns have yet been reported. The company appears to have a good snpply of water, the dam being recruited by the Llanberis Company's shaft. The Wellingtonia Company tributors will resume {.rushing operations this day, upon stone taken from the 257 feet level. A Bhaft has just been sunk on the southern boundary of the claim, to bit the lode which is being worked so successfully by the Globe Company, and the lode, or what is supposed to be it, has been struck at 57 feet down, gold show ing in the quartz. As soon as may be, atrial crush will be taken from this new lode. The_ Globe Company has driven to the extent of its claim, and is now blocking back, tbe lode though rich being rather thin. The London Company, on the opposite side of the road, is working the same lode and at about the gpme level. The two companies have broken into each other, and have thus a good ventilation. As yet tlio Londoners have not been so lucky as tbe Giobulars, for the yield of the quartz in the London claim has not equalled that in the Globe. . This was seen especially in the last retnrns of the division registrar, who reported the Globe averaga at 2 oz 9 dwt, the highest in all Ballsrat proper, and indeed in the whole district, with the exception of a recent Siieglitz crushing, while the London average was only 15 dwr. We say "only" by way of comparison with the Globe yield, for 15 dwt is a splendid ave rage, and surpasses nine-tenths of the averages of the district. REPORTED DESTRUCTION OF THE LEXTON HOTEL BV FIRE.-A report, based on good authority, reached us about 12 o'clock last night, that the Lex on Hotel, Lexton, was destroyed by fire yes terday afternoon, about two o'clock. We trust that the intelligence is without foundation, but fear, from the mass of smoke ascending in that direction, about that hour, that the intelligence is too true. The hotel, which was wholly built of wood, was perhaps the finest up the country, its erection and embel lishment having cost no less than £5000. It was the property of Mr Robertson, a squatter near the Maiden Hill, and was rented from him by a Mr Macdonald a short time ago. The original proprietor was Mr Mylrea. The cause of the fire is attributed to the high grass in the neighborhood, which, being ignited by the bush fires, spread to tbe building and destroyed it We still venture to hope, however; that the report is without foundation.-Talbot Leader, 9th Jan. THE Btrsa FIBES IS THE WESIKSH DISTEICT. Tbe account we gavein our last issue of tbe destruc tion caused by the dreadful bush fires of Wednesday, the 31st ult., has been fnlly borne oat by snbsequent inquiries. The damage done is quite unprecedented in this neighborhood, and has extended over a con siderable portion of the Western District. Very few of the rnns have entirely escaped; some "have suf fered terribly, particularly Austin's, Henty's, Mccscr's, and Thomson's. In some cases the whole ; grass is consumed, and the stock will have to be removed. The destruction of brush -and log fencing is frightful. The Relief Committee appointed at the public meeting of Tuesday evening last, are actively engaged in their duties, a good.sum of money has already been collected, and yesterday a sub-commit tec visited the soened of the disaster with the view to ascertain who, among tbe farmers and others burnt out, stcod most urgently ia need e( ucistwoe. \- Hamilton SjHdaior. 