CASTLEMAINE POLICE COURT. Friday, September 25. (Before Lieut.Col. Bull. P.M.) / 7- The -Assadlt "bN. the ; 1 C/nriiijran.— J"ohn Dwy'eir appeared '' in obedience to" ii .summons charging him with violently . assaulting a China- mail named Gee Suey. , The .defendant denied the charge. Mr Smyth for complainant, Mr Leecq -.for defendant.: (ree buoy, on being placed in the box, -positively -identified the defendant as the man who had thrown stones at; him and kicked him, and' stated that the injuries which he sustained' were so' serious as to render it necessary to' call -in Dr Mnckay. Mr Leecli cross-examined the complainant, hut failed to shake his testimony. Constable Duffy stated that on Sunday last he went to tho scene, of a row in Forosf-streot,/. nnd saw .the defendant running across towards Forty Foot Hill, several Chinese following: him. On bringing him -back, Gee Sney declared that lie (Dwyer) was too man who had assaulted him.; "Witness took Dwyer to the lock- up, whore his name and address wero taken, in order that the Chinaman might'summon him. Cross-examined by Mr Leech : The complainant appeared to have only a slight cut on the head. Was not sure that the complainant did not say that ho wanted to got a money payment from tho defendant. Mr Leech : Tho wound was not that bloody sort of, affair concerning which so many -paragraphs have appeared in the -li. A. Mail ? Witness : No, it did not appear to me to be so. After further cross-examination, a witness named Real was called , who positivoly declared that there were two Europeans and two Mongolians actively en gaged in tooTowy.and. that it-was not the, defend ant who used the stoho'ih . assaulting tlie China man, but some pother. European who had escaped. Mr. Smyth at this stage asked for a. brief adjourn ment of the case. in order, to i secure the attend- nnrtrt 'nF f.wrt, rttlinr wif, twerps, viz.. TWV TTnrlann and-Dr Mackay. Leech strongly objected to this course,'. urging tout tho case had been fully "snd fairly. investigated,' nnd' that the case ngaibst tho deiondant had utterly broken down. In order to . strengthen his enso, however, ho called another witness named Fox, whose evi donce exonerated the defehdiint from the ohargc, and; pointed to a man named Donoghue as - the real culprit. - The cuse wa's tbefeforo dismisscd. ' Ock 'Fong suod'-'Chuno Tip, of ; Gampbell/s Creck';"fdi;'£l9 10s monOy lent. '' Mr Smyth ap peared for Complainant and seciired a verdict for the ahiount _. _ _ Murray and Christie v. A. D. MoTavish.— To recover £8 7s for 'goods sold! -'Defendant not appearing judgment went.'by default. . . _ John '.- Thomas, a dairyman at Elphinstono, chargod.MichaelWolsh/ a' neighbouring farmer, with charging e'xeessive dnmnges on nine head of stone 'Found. Mr Leech appeared for' compkin- ant. Tho defendant did / not appear, but tho case was heard ex parte. It appoared from tho evidenco oftlje pound keeper, (MrPattcraon,Eeni-.) that the' defendant had charged'4s per head on tlte cattle, alleging that the cattle were im pounded ofi'sec'utely fenced land. It was proved tliat the- fence was anything but sccure, in faot a " regalar catfl'e-ti-aj)." On the summons boing Served the defendant used threatening language. The duuiages claimed had been paid over to toe Poundkeepor 'on the 8th inst., as Mr Patterson senr., said lie had paid the amount over to defendant.- Mr. Leech remarked that this Appeared to be a common practice with the Poundkeeper. His "Worship re duced -tlio - damages to 6d per head, and awarded. £5 costs against the defendant, re marking that he was determined to put a stop to Mr Welsh's vexatious and disgraceful proceed- iugs. ' The Stoiiy of a Pig. — Edward Doddrell charged Thomas Russell with illegally detaining a pig (value £4) his property. Mr Leech' for complainant ; Mr England; for defendant. It appeared that the detained pig i was, of the femi- nino conder, and hud been taken to the defend- ant's place, on a temporary visit to a masculine pig. Arrangements weremudo as to tho amount to bo paid per day for feed, &c.; On demanding the return of the pig, the- defendant declared ho knew nothing about the sow. It subsequently appeared that the arrangement' had been mudo with, "Gorman Bill," a slaughterman. Tho defence: set up was that toe sow had becn'taken to the yard without the defendant's : knowledge and that if it had been stolon he (the defendant) was not responsible, upon; tlie principle of law that bailees are not responsible for nny property deposited with them, except on proof of wilful negligence. ' The same care had been taken of tho defendant's sow as of MrRussell's other pigs; many piga hud, from timo to timo, been stolon from the yard. Mr Russell, tho defendant, denied having given any, authority for toe. sow boing brought to the yard ; in f'uet ho hud never seen it. In cross- examinution it was elicited that " German- Bill," tho slaughterman, (defendant's servant,) had taken charge of the sow. The case was eventually dismissed, his Worshipremarking thathe could' not hold the defendant responsible; bo : admitted/ however, that it was a very hard case'. ; v. ;. 7. , ... , Z' 7" ./ ' 7": ' /Anderson,'Groig, and, Co. sued David Kirk, of Burnt Creek, for #20, due for goods 6o)d and ! delivered. A payment' had, been paid on acdmm". Mr Leech, for' defendant, urged that the Court had no jurisdiction, the proper placo for action ' being taken was at Burnt Creek, whore tho cause of notion arose. Mr Anderson, in rente said that the carrier had been engaged at Mr Kirk's request; he/ (the defendant) paying tho carriage./ His Worship, therefore, cave a vor diet for the amount. : -William Anson suod William Tregonninc for £4 10s, due for a truck and 400 feet of rails The defendant did not entirely deny liability but disputed terms of the bargain, and further alleged, that the , wheels of the truck were cracke/d., , His Worship gave a verdict for the amount, on tbo ground that the defendant pur chased at his own risk. Mark Foy, butter salesman, sued Mr Morlev fnp Him' fni A)ho nfKtiffar c/vlrl ir_ "Sr. i »VA«. nu" xoriey not being prepared with his evidence, tho case was adjourned till next day, on , his paying the costs of the day. Tho Court then adjourned: ' Theatbe Royal.' — The mysterious and ghostly entertainment was repeated lost evening at the Theatre, with unabated success. The audience was nearly as large as on tho first night. The optical delusion was even more com plete than on previous occasions, MrMerlin hav ing made his arrangements < moro perfect. The actual appearanco of the Ghosts was prefaced by a brief lecture on spiritualism, and the circum stances under which Professor Pepper (of Lon don) made the, discovery were detailed. The Wizard, Professor Schiller, delighted tho audi- ence with his clever performances. Some nf the tricks Twere loudly applauded. Altogether, the entertainments at the Theatre are of such a novel and pecnliar character, that a visit from the curiously-disposed portion of the. community will bo well repaid, and we would recommend them to do so to-night, when the Ghost appears for the last time in Castlemaine. The Mabionette Enteetainhent was given' twice yesterday, at the Mechanics' Insti tute, each time most' successfully. We have already described the ingenious and interesting character of the peformances, and ore glad to learn that Professor Rea secures good audiences. The balloon ascent last evening was very suc cessful, it together with the rest of the pro gramme will be repeated this evening for the last time. The prices haying been reduced may serve as an additional inducement to visitors. For particulars we refer our readers to the.ad- vertisement which appears in another column. Campbell's Cheek Road Boabd. — tfi0 Local Government Act haying come into force, the Board has complied with the necessary for malities. Yesterday, Mr Robertson was unani- mously re-elected Chairman. Auditors will be elected at a public meeting to be held on Octo ber lst/ Mr London was re-elected Seoretary. and Mr Davie Surveyor. A vote of thanks to ,the: Chairman, Secretary, and Surveyor for their services under the old regime concluded the pro ceedings. QUOIT CLUB. — A meeting of gentlemen wis ing to form a Quoit Club, was held at Beddard's Royal Hotel, last night. Mr Sweeney was ap- pointed President ; Mr Dixon, Vice-President, and Mr Foote, Secretary and Treasurer. A Committee was appointed to draw up rules, and to report to the members at a future meeting. The Sandhubst Rifle Coups. — Lieut.-Col. Bull attended a meeting of this corps on Thurs day evening, and explained the new regulations. Fifty-two persons, including a large number of new members, signed tho list of new enrolment, Chamfion Peactice. — We understand the eleven who nro to represent Victoria in the forthcoming Intercolonial Rifle Match at Sydney, will practise to-day, on the ground of toe Castlo- maine corps. Their practice will no doubt . be anxiously watched. Abbest. — Mr James MeCrae, Postmaster, Chewton, was yesterday arrested by two bailiffs, at the suit of Messrs. McEwan, of Melbourne. It was currently reported that he was taken to Melbourne in the charge of two detective officers, and rumours were rife as to the cause; wo are glad to learn such was not the case. Inquest. — Yesterday, the ; coroner; Dr Pre- shaw, held an inquest at the G-olden Hope Hotel, Chewton, on tho body of Hoy Lin. From tho evidence adduced it appeared that tho deceased had suffered from a chronic internal disease, aiid was also an inveterate opium smoker. The last request of the unfortunate sufferer was that his son at homo may- be taught. Dr Hardy corrobo rated the principal iactsand the jury returbed a verdict, that tho deceased had died from, "a chronic inflammation ofthobowek accolerate J by the uso of opium. The Teijiutb System. — We have frequently dilated on . the numerous advantages of: the "tribute, system " as. applied to gold mining. Numerous examples of its good results might be pointed out not only in this district but also in Ballarat and Bendigo. We are therefore glad to five publicity to the fact that Messrs Hobby. and usted, tho enterprising storekeepers of Camp bell's Creek, are prepared to let on tribute a 14- horse power engine, with eiglit stampers on tho Little Nuggetty Reef. Wo hope soon to report that a party of miners are at work on- it. Wife Desebtion.— In too Melbourne Police Court, on Thursday, James E. Geoke was brought up having been arrested on warrant, charging him with deserting his wife. The prisoner ex amined his wife with respect to an allcgod occa sion /when she was brought before the City Court on a charge of insulting behaviour, in the street. He then applied for an adjournment, to enable him to produco witnesses to 'prove such miseon- d iirtfr- fiam'riQf. Ilffl tuifft nu .vtrmilrl nlonv him from fllft liability to support her. The case was remanded till Monday. 'Fbiendly Societies. — £' correspondent writes : — " It has often struck me that if ' lodges ' and ' courts ! wero not held at public houses, more persons would be disposed to join them. Every member that is iu the habit of re gularly attending toe meetings, knows that the, expenecs of bo doing amount to nearly as much as the aetual contributions. I should like to know what is to provont tho different Sooioties in Castlemaine from uniting for tho purpose of building a Hull suitable for the whole. No two Orders moot on the same evening; so that there noed be no disputes on- that scoro. A com mittee might be formed of ono or more repre sentatives from each, to receive and account for tho subscriptions,. and a member. . appointed by them, to bo held responsible for tho safe keep ing of goods, attending to lighting, cleaning, and so forth, at a reasonable salary. There would be plenty of applications for the situation. If every membor of all the Orders in Castlemaine wore to subscribe only a month's, average ex- pcnces, tho amount would go a ' long way - towards ereoting a building that . would bean ornament to the town, and a credit to them- selves. Government would, I have no doubt, for such a purpose, grant a suitable site." " Sleeping " Shabeholdebs. — W. Clarke, Esq., junr., of Melbourne) (who is largely in terested in tho Ajax Mine) has set a good example to other capitalists and shareholders in our reefs. His donution of £10 to the Castlomaine Hospital is but a recognition of a duty which rests upon ull employers of labour, to provide for the sick and unfortunate. Wp therefore hope that , we may soon have the pleasure of announcing ad ditional . donations from the. magnates of the. metropolis, and such men as Messrs Baillie and Butters. . Mr Clarke has set them all n very good example. Rabbit "VVaiuien. — At tho meeting of the- Council of the Acclimatisation Sooioty oni Tues- dny, an interview was granted to Mr Gravenor, of Castlemaine, who has - very successfully established a lurgorabbit -Warren, and is now - desirous of fencing in an additional- 206/ acres; and stocking it with English pheasants, a large number .of which ho is prepared, to import at his own expense. The only difficulty at .present i® to get possession of the requisite piece of land. A the request of the Council, Mr Gravenor pro' mised to moot them next TuoilduVf to go. WON jullyintothe mutter, [?] I .:./v/;-:/-";" /-7f / — '-/z;.- - -/ 