DISTRICT COUNCILS, ONAUNGAv November 21;. Present—All the members, except Mr. Ste phenson. The Council resolved, after inspection of jimvwwh. wuuui icauivcu, cuici lumwcuoa Ot the locality, to accept Mr. Richardson's offer tem porarily to exchange the road between Sections 1788 and 1256, and 1793 and 1357, to tbe other side of the sections, so as to accommodate the settlers who use the Reserve for watering cattle, Ac. Air. Sanders authorized to make some inquiries re garding, the deviation proposed through Mr. Isaac Cross's section. Mr. Sterling's application about the roads through his property deferred- for the tracing used at the applica'zon made to the former Strathalbyn District Council. Messrs. Stanton and Foster reported that they had hot been able to get any one-to repair the Wild BogFord. Rateof Is. in the pound passed on the supplement to the Assessment. Paid, £60 Is. lili; received, £36. EONDOPARINGA, NOVEMBER It Present—Air. Carr (Chairman), and all the members; Tenders for offitoof Hanger opened— Robt. Mcore's, 8s. per diem: B.Dalton's, £1; 4s. per week; IS. J. tVooikrate's, with'coosentofliis-fatber, 10s. per week and half the lines and fees (accepted). The Chairman reported that'the assessment for the year would amount to £6,530. Report ohtnem bers deputed to visit proposed -new line of. road from McHarg's Creek to Bull's Creek-roadi read and adopted. Mr. O'Gradv declined proceeding with his contract at Blake's Badge.. BRIGHTON, November 22. - Present—Messrs. Duncan (Chairman), Tank, Filmer, and Shearing. A letter was read from F. Clark & Sen, agents for A. Carrie, informing the Council that they were willingrto -accept £71193. as compensation for land taken- to form a< road through Section 490, O'Hallaran-HilL A. letter read from Mr. T. AYard, requesting some improve ments to be made upon tber roads near. Section 192; to be- attended to after harvest: also- road metalling, near Mr. J. Sandison's to be deferred to the same time. The Clerk, reported that £64 3S. 6d. had oeen received from, the Gentral Road Board towards cost of repairs of roads indued by the diversion of the South-re id itraffic. RAPID BAT, November 21. Present—Messrs. Hill (Chairman), Day,, and Bansford. Resolved, that the- clearing on the Tiers-road to Cape Act-vis, he: completed aa pre viously agreed to. Mr. AToodgate wrote, stating that the aeiv road to tbe Springs,, through Mc., Kelly's land, liad been legally exchanged. Mr. Day reported that some more-work was required to he done on the Pool's- Elat-roai contract. ■ Clerk to reply. Clerk to write to Mr. Robertson respecting wood on TonqulllUla-road. Tenders to he invited for work on deviation acrosaBisbop's Flat. Four tenders received , for clearing road through Air. Elliott's kind —Bromley's,, at Is. 5dL : per chain, accepted. Receipts, £4.16s. : payments, . £22 ISs. PORTLAND EST ATS, Novesseb 2. Present—Ail the members.. Payments, £6 2s. November 9. Present—Messrs. John Rann (Chairman), J". H. Seed, and AT. E. AlattinseU.." Resolved, that a rate of one shilling in the pound he-made.. November 23. Present—John Rann (Chairman), J. W. Wil liams, W. E. Mattinson,. and- J. H. Reed. Pay ments, 10s. PORT GAWLEE, November 23. Rate AIketing.—Proposed by Mr. Easton, and seconded by Air. Dandy,.that a sixpenny rate be adopted. - Carried unanimously. General AIeeting.—Present—Alessrs. Temby (Chairman), Dondy, and,Easton. Air. McPharlin s tender accepted for metalling four cltains of road between sections at £4 19s. per chain. Payments,. £6. MOUNT CRAWFORD, November 23. Present—Messrs. Forbes (Chairman), Snell grove, Sanders, and. Temple. Air. Temple se ported having em mined the road near Pensey Tale. Tenders to.be- invited for the work. Clerk to write to Cental Road Board, recommending the money on the Estimates for AViUiamstown Bridge to be expended in opening new road, and metalling Cockatoo:Valley Bands. Messrs. Snell grove and Cleric to- get some road repairs.made near Murray Vale and South Para. Payments. £1713s. 6d. AIUNNO»EARA WEST, November 23. Present—The Chairman and all the Councillors. Dr. Fisher,. Salisbury, was reappointed. District Surgeon for the ensuing year. The stones sup plied by Pay ham and Baldock not being according to contract, the Council resolved that no further payment should be made unless completed to the satisfaction of the Inspector. Air, Councillor Patersoa reported that the road west of Smithfield leading to the railway-crossing had not been made over to. the District. The Council would not expend any sum of money there until the convey ance had been made. Air. Crittenden being willing to make over the title of the said road lo the district, the Clerk was instructed to apply fdr ths same without delay. Receipts, £7; pay ments, £29. BABOSSA AVEST, November 23. Present—Ail except Mr. Oekm. Repairs to road at Schmidt's, and a few other applications to stand over till after harvest. In reference to a road at Air. Barrett's, and one at Mr. Bright's section, the Clerk was directed to procure diagrams from Land Office, and other information. Mr. Holland, of Turrctfield, presented a memorial teom a number of ratepayers, asking the Council to accept of £150 collected by the inhabitants of north side of Gawler River, and take stens to have a bridge erected over the Gawler at Rosenthal. The matter to be taken into consideration and decided next meeting. The Clerk reported that Mr. Crank, a road contractor, had removed a quantity of tbe stone at Lyndoch. Valley, contrary to his agreement with the Council. Clerk to take proceedings against him and en Lyn<5och, on the lSUr instant, and that had it not been for the prevalence of severe colds among the children they would apparently have acquitted themselves admirably. Dr. Fopham, of Gawler, was appointed medical attendant on the destitute poor in this district. Receipts^ £5; payments, ££96s. 7<L WOODSIDE, November 20. Present—All the members. Tenders accepted. No. 171, AT. Pie; 172, D. Pool: 173. H. AYafiace. The Surveyor reported that No. 170 was not finished satisfactorily. AYorks were submitted, to be entertained after harvest. Air. Hunt's oiler of a subscription for certain work accepted; and ten ders tone invited for a cutting on same road: also for fencing near Mr. Schrocder's. Road from Tabor towards boundary to be examined. Repairs to be effected on road from Balhannah towards Hahn dorf. Two culverts to be constructed an road from AYoodside towards Nairne, near the Globe. A memorial was presented, requesting that a bridge be erected over the river at AYoodside. Held over for consideration. The Chairman stated that he had communicated with the District Council of Tungkillo regarding a survey to the Murray River. POET ELLIOT AND GOOLWA. November 21. Present—The Chairman and all the members. Clerk to intimate to the Crown Lands Office that Dr. Hill had agreed to accept the allowance of £13 13s. .9(1. for medical attendance on the indi gent sick of the district. Letter read from Central Road Board, promising to effect the needful repairs to the eastern approaches to the new bridge in the Hindmareh. Permission granted to Air. Hargraves to construct a small boat for the river on the water reserves at Goolwa. Tenders to be called for re pairing and widening the road leading from Section 35, Hundred of Goolwa. The Clerk to request Air. Bowman to join a deputati □ of the Conncil to select the best site for the new bridge over the Fimriss. A series of by-laws relating to the ques tion of depasturing. were considered and passed, and ordered to he transmitted for approval. Letter read from Air. Y. B. Hutchinson, enquiring if road existed through Section 2142. Clerk to furnish the information if possible. Mr. W. Smith Evans - appointed teacher of the district school at Goolwa. - Payments, £1315s. MOUNT BARKER, November 16. Present—Messrs. Dunn (Chairman), Gray, Pat terson, Bell, and Ramsay. Clerk to make applicv tion to Survey Office for map of deviation through | Sections 281)5 and 2896, Hundred of Stratkalbyn. in I order that it may be readvertised. Messrs. Walker | and others waited on the Council concerning a j deviation through Messrs. Cieggctt's and Mac'far lane's sections. Clerk to write Maefarlaue on I the.siiiyect. Jones instructed to repair the hand rails of several bridges abont the district. Pay ments, £51 lis. TALUNCA, November 23. Present—Messrs. ft. Uillard (Chairmau), TV. Kelly, J. Thyer, A. Forrest, and F. Schneider. Mr. E. itrice applied to have timber and stone cleared from toad dividing Sections /Oi.'i and TUH. Mr. Tii yer to arrange for same. Mr. Sclnieider re iicrted having arranged with Sir. ilochoiv to repair i>oun,lary- ro,i:l for £3. Letter from Mr. J. Morris, requesting repaiis of road leading to Kenton Vaile;.'. To ho attended to. Jtesolved, that no claims for shifting fences on the North Cumo lacha-road he entertained. Clerk to v.Tite to Onka paringa District Council respecting continuation of roau to Loccih.il. CLARE. November 23. Present—Mr. Ninnes (Chairman), Councillors Moyses, Roach, Hannaford, and Gleeson. Letter from Mr. Descent, Master of the Mintaro School, inviting the Council to attend an examination: also asking for a sum of money to purchase prizes. Clerk to inform Mr. Descent that they nave no funds available for such a purpose. Messrs. Moyses and Gleeson to inspect John Bulter's work near Armagh. Messrs. Ninnes and Roach to inspect the road at southern boundary of the district, and report. Messrs. Moyses, Gleeson, and Hannaford to meet on Section 1 6, to select a site for a public slaughter-yard. Mr. Hannaford to inspect Jarman's work at Roscrow's Sideling; also to let him work immediately required at Slab- Hut Creek and Stony Pass. Application from C. J. Webb, to be keeper of the Clare Pound, accepted. Messrs. Gleeson and Hannaford to inspect the Clare Pound-yard, and direct as to the necessary repairs. Payments, £32. HIGHEECOMBE. Kovzyninu 34. . ■ Present — Messrs. J. U. Coulls (Chairman), Pearce, Newman, and JGapper. Letters of com plaint ot the Scotch thistles. Clerk again to send circulars to owner;- of land before steps are taken in terms of Tiristle Act. Mr. Gollop's offer of £7 9s. 7iL for trees ou reserve accepted. Tlie culvert required in Houghton to stand over until roads in village gazetted. Mr. Whaler's applica tion for works ou Hope Valley-road to he con sidered next meeting. Mr. Cox must pet subscrip- : lions for culvert, &e.;, near his section, before Council can entertain his application. Four . ■constables were duiy sworn in. viz. Charies Wilkey, Fred. "oschke,J. Houusiovr, and John 3fcKicl;ol. Eeceipts, .£22; payments, £3S. TEATEEE GULLY, November 3:i. | Present—Messrs. Gaylard (Chairman), Litlrgow, ! and Harris. Letter from ffighercombe Council, ! requesting co-operation in repairs required at Houghton flo.'low; Mr. Lithsotr tc attend to the ! same. Ecceived. the Surveyor-Generai's report on .reserves tia .Section J35>. Cierk to communicate 'Vith Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigra- , lion with reference to the £LOiW yoted for road to Golden Grove. Paid, £3. School Ex amination. —A correspon dent writes r.s fuiioiva:—" An examination of the pupils attending thesehool at Lyndoch, under the superintendence of Mr. and Mrs. Pearce, took -place on Wednesday, November IS, in the Baptist ■Ohapel {kindly ient for the occasion). A con siderable numi>cr of the parents of the children and visitors attended ana took part in the pro ceedings. The pupils were carefully examined in the various biunches of education taught 111 the school, and acquitted themselves in a manner highly creditabic to themselves and their teachers. After the examination prizes were distributed to the cbiblrei) for their proficiency, &o.;, the Uistrict Council of lfaro-sa West having granted £1 for the purchase of books. Thevisitois and children then sat univn to an abundant spread of tea, cake, Ac., to which every grown-up person, as well as the children, did ample justice. Votes of thanks to the District Council for their grant of money in aid of prizes, to the ladies for the excellent repast supplied by them, to the trustees for the use of the chapel, and three cheers for the visitors, closed a very acrceably spent day." School EiAjfiNATiON.—A correspon dent informs us that "oh Friday, the 20th instant, the children attending Mr. Graves's school, Gepp's Cross, were examined by Messrs. King. Port Adelaide; Moore, of Pulter.ey-streat; and ■Cowell, of Norwood. commercial schools, who expressed themselves much pleased with the answering and proficiency of the children in the various branches of a sound education, comprising grammar, geography, history, dictation, andmeutal and slate arithmetic. The Kiev. Mr. Sludie, who, with a considerable number of the parents, was present, also congratulated Mr. Graves on the success of his labours, and expressed the pleasure lie enjoyed in listening to the Teeitations given by the pupils. After the examination the children were regaled with tea, cake, Ac., which had been liberally provided by the parents. Xtcwaids were then distributed, and the evening closed with the magic lantern, kindly exhibited by Mr. Mudie, very much to the amusement of the juveniles, and to the edification of some 50 adults, who appeared to appreciate the remarks in connection with many interesting Scripture pieces." AMATEUR PERFORMANCE FOB THE BENEFIT OF THE Soldiers' Wives.—It has been said that to attempt much is always commendable, even when the attempt ends in failure. Then to make such an attempt for a benevolent purpose deserves •access; and we hare great satisfaction in saying that such has been the result of the amateur per formance for the benefit of the soldiers' wives. It was a laudable ambition which fired a number •of our young gentlemen to essay the production of one of the most sterling comedies in the wide range of the British drama. It was a generous impulse which prompted the unusual effort for the benefit of the bereaved wives and children whose fathers are contending in deadly strife with the savage euemies of our fellow-subjects in New .Zealand. The idea was most creditable to its originator, an! the public have not been back ward in supporting by their presence and applause the exertions of the young, and without -flattery we may say, the talented come dians. The comedy of "She Stoops to Gonquer, or the Mistakes of a Night." is amongst plays what "the Vicar of Wakefield" is amongst novels—3 genuine picture of English character, manners, aud customs of the age, suc ceeding that which Fielding and Smollett depicted. Compared with the stilted and artificial dramatic productions of a subsequent period it differs from them as an English mansion and domain with its smooth lawn, trim garden, green lanes, and rose-decked hedgerows differ from a feudal tower, the back slums of a crowded city, a brigand's retreat, or a pirate's stronghold. The dramatis persona include two elderly individuals who would pass muster as country gentleman in our own day, an old lady, who is the type of many a contemporary mamma, doting on and indulging a booby son with low tastes, rude manners, but hating an understratum of good feeling never theless. The great character of the piece is young Marlotr, a gentleman of education and refinement, but unaccustomed to fashionable society. Asa collegian and a tourist forward and fascinating amongst roadside Duleineas, but the slave of an invinciable mauvaise hontc when confronted with lathes of station and character. Hastings and Miss Neville are good specimens of commou-piacc lovers, and we have periiap- glanced sufiiciently at the peculiarities of Tony Lumpkin, Esq., when referring to his doting but designing lady mother. It is no small praise to the amateurs—mcsi of whom made their first appearance upon any stage on Monday evening—to say that, not only was each male character in the coinedr well sustained, but that wc remember no performance of the hind in which the gentlemen amateurs showed to better advantage when playing with professional ladies. The attendance was numerous and fashionable, but His Excellency, under whose patronage the performance was announced, did not make his appearance. The Hon. the Chief Secretary and family occupied the skate box, aud the dress circle and stalls literally blazed with the youth, beauty, fashion, and respectability of the city. So highly did this cultivated and fastidious company appreciate the performance that, not only was it applauded throughout its progress, hut at the fall of the curtain the representatives of the" leading male characters were severally called for, and honoured with special demonstra tions of approval. It is perhaps scarcely neces sary Zp say that Miss Gougenlieim played Kate Harttiasue with bewitching archness; that Mrs. Bay was absurdly comical as Mrs. Harucastie; that Miss K. Wiseman made the most «f Con stance, or that little Fanny was delightful as Dolly.. A most amusing after- piece, "A Shilling Day at the Great Exhibition," introduced several amateurs who did not play in the comedy, but who acquitted themselves as well as their pre cursors. Tbe sceue was the South Australian department, hut introducing the great pickle trophy, round which the fun of the farce at times grew fast aud furious. Great amusement was occasioned by the attention of a gentleman in a consul's nniform to the South Australian sam ples of wool, Ac., and his obsequious attentions to some distinguished foreigner who sported royal decorations. A hearty and well-deserved round of applause echoed from all parts of the house on the close of tire performance. During the evening Schrader's band, assisted by the band of the First Adelaide Rifles, performed several pieces of choice music, and a young professional gentleman of tills city, before the rising of the curtain, delivered the following prologue, written expressly for the occa sion:— "I come to speak the prologue to our play. But feel uncommon bashful, I must say. Behind the scenes there seemed not much to fear. But everything iooks changed when standing here. What must be, must be. so with due submission, I—ah—that is I mean, with your permission, I take the liberty—that.is, I make so bold. Some little of our purpose to unfold. Te-night we scorn the dagger and the howl. Throw by the buskin, try the comic rOle. And we, albeit, unused to tread the stage. Come boldly forth—for spouting's now the rage. But think not that we come to- night With idle thoughts, or for our own delight. •Our soldiers went to join a valiant band, And die or conquer in another land: Yet blame them not that as they left our view. Their eyes were wet with many a fond adieu. To every foe resistless is their steel; Still they arc men, and Nature's claims they feel. Vainly you give the laurel, valour s meed. If you nnpityiug let their children need. We ask your aid to dry the mother's tear. The children's want relieve, and both to cheer; This done, we hope your kind applause to gain. And fondly trust we shall not hope in vaia. Burlesques and Melodramas charm this age, And Nature's well nigh banished from the stage. Alas! for.publie taste, when we can say, ""Pi a oil far 4fV»llpt*n Hmpti* ,P«an t i1 Tis all for 4 Colleen Bawn" or 4 Peep O'Day*— Ever demands some startling new sensation. Till ghosts or murders cap each situation. The stage should elevate as well as please; Both objects can't be gained by plays like these. | Not e'en Miss Gougenheim could save such cases; i But see her 4 Woffington' in 4 Masks and Paces.' That now's a part that must all fancies catcii. As also 'Hester Grazebrook' m'TU'lincquaUietch.1 In Goldsmith's play, of murders we've not one; If you insist on thrilling scenes, we're done. But should your wishes that way tend, I pray You'll '■ stoop to conquer' them without delay. We'll strive, tho' not the fashion of the day," To please you with a genuine English play." There's fun in plenty, and we fain would hope That ypu'il have no great cause to pine or mope. But should our actors fail, yet still their cause Will win, I'm sure, yourgenerous, free applause. Pray don't be niggards in awarding praise— Tbat's music roust the lowest spirits raise. Should anyone go wrong, reflect he's but a youcker. And show you really like 'She Stoops to Conquer."1' 