LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Tuesday, March 10, 1863. MADAGASCAR. A CORRESPONDENT of the London Times, writing from the Madagascar Capital, speaks of a visit to the execution ground at Ambohipotsy, or the Tarpeian rock, where so lately the native christians were tortured to death. He says :—" To an English mind it was scarcely possible, in this age of the world, to realise the hard, dry fact that the stump of wood at the former place was the foot of a cross on which our christian brethren had been crucified, and that the bleached and life- less bones in the ditch were those of men and women who had died but a few years ago for the name of the Saviour ; that on the spot where we now stood on its bank, and surveyed one of the noblest panora- mas in nature, had knelt these martyrs 'of whom the world was not worthy,' while a spar was being driven through either loin, inflicting mortal wounds that did not kill at once, but made the wretched sufferers roll in torture into the ditch below with the spears still fixed in in their bodies, while not even the near- est or dearest relative dared to soothe one dying struggle, or evince by a look of sympathy a doubt of the justice of the punishment, under pain of a like fate." On such spots it is proposed to erect Memorial Churches. Mr. Ellis states that the greatest pressing want is places of public worship. Eight hundred, a thousand, or fifteen hundred persons meet every Sunday. The proposition to re- serve sites pleased the king and the nobles. Orders were immediately given that the pieces of land should be reserved, and the king himself assured Mr. Ellis that the ground should be used for no other purpose. We are glad to see that Mr. Ellis is prepared to give pecuniary compensation for the soil and the buildings that will be removed. Real religion will lend man to labor with his own hands at his occupation during the week, in order that he may preach the gospel free of charge. This was the case of the apostle Paul when among the rich and refined Corinthians. True religion will necessitate the doing good to all : love to our neighbor will be elicited, and the rule practised of doing to him as we would he should do unto us. Nay, there are those who do not count their lives dear unto them, and are prepared to lay them down rather than deny their Lord, or renounce their profession of allegiance to Him. State pay cannot create or excite the manifesta- tion of the spirit and temper implied. Religion exists independently of State-aid, and in spite of it, and therefore every penny of the public money so mis- applied is worse than wasted. With us State-aid is a purely political and economical question,—it has nothing re- ligious in it. You might spend the whole revenue in State-aid and there would not be a particle more religion in the country, and probably less ; you might with-hold State-aid, and there would not be a particle less religion, but probably more. We refer to these memorial churches and the sub- joined description of the sites, that our readers may distinctly understand that religion is a thing entirely distinct from State-aid and that in fact they are antagonistic. How many State-paid preachers and hearers would go to the stake rather than renounce the name of Christ ? If prepared to sacrifice their life rather than do wrong, the surrender of their income derived from the rum cask and tobacco tierce would be a small affair on the mere ground that those it taxed were beyond the reach of their ministrations, and were not voluntary contributors. Ambohitopsy (White Village, so called from the color of the rocky ground), the place where the first martyrs suffered, comprises the remains of an old fortification, and is situated on the southern extremity of the crest of the hill on which Antanarivo stands. The foot of the cross, on which the Christians as well as ordinary malefactors were crucified remains and the transverse piece of wood, to which their hands were nailed, lies on the ground at a little distance ; while around the spot on which the Christians knelt before the executioner's spear, bones, blanched by the sun and rain, still lie scattered. The King is building a house not far from the place ; other dwellings are rising in that quarter, and, but for my early application, the site for the church would have been already occu- pied. The King informed me, the last time I spoke with him on the subject, that he would assist in building the chureh there, and he spoke in a manner from which I inferred that he would at- tend it hlimself. Arapimarinana (the place of hurling down or casting away), the granite precipice 150 feet high, down which Eighteen were thrown in the second great persecution, is the second spot. It is situated on the western side of the hill, near the centre of the city, almost a mile from Ambohipotsy, not far from the palace and the residences of many of the natives. The ground here is occupied, but the King has taken measures for its being vacated whenever we require it, on our paying the price of the existing buildings, &c.; The next place, Faravoritsa (the last village), is a spot on the crest of the hill, near its northern extremity, in the midst of a dense population, in- cluding a large number of Christians, and near an ancient burial place covered with rude and massive memorials of the departed. On this spot, in the sight of the whole city, the four nobles were burnt alive and the bodies of eighteen thrown from the rock were also consumed. When I visited the place in company with the Bishop of Mauritius, we stood and gazed on the prisons in the distance, in which the sufferers had been confined, on the place where their sentences were read over to them, and where, as they sat together on the ground, bound with chains, and encircled by soldiers, they sang their hymn of praise to Christ. We passed up the road along which, surrounded by an excited crowd, they raised their voices in prayer that God would remember them. We stood by the side of the spot—the place itself we felt to be holy ground— on which, when fastened to the stake they sang— "There is a blessed land, Making most happy ; Never (thence) shall rest depart, Nor cause of sorrow come." Our companions, most of whom had been spec- tators on that eventful day, and one the brother of a martyr, pointed out where the soldiers and the heathen stood around and cried, "Where is Jehovah now ? Why does he not come and take you away ?" To which, from the midst of the flames, the martyrs answered, " Jehovah is here ; he is taking as to a better place." Our companions also showed the part of the road a little distant, on which the relatives and associates of the Chris- tians stood, waving their last adieus to their re- joicing friends, who smiled, and lifted up, as far as they could their scorched hands, or burning frag- ments of dress, to return the salutation. In per- fect accordance with this account is the spirit and feeling manifested by survivors when recounting their sufferings. I have sometimes sat as if enchained to the lips of the venerable widow or sister of a martyr, as she has recounted with sim- ple pathos the suffering she has endured ; and have been overcome with wonder and admiration at the marvellous power of " the love of Christ shed abroad in their hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto them." The Christians especially rejoice in the proposal to raise, as a perpetual memorial of these events, a church consecrated to the worship of the martyr's God and Saviour. Ambalinakanga—the next place on which the Christians propose to raise a temple for the ser- vice of God—is situated midway between the last two. It has been the scene of much hope and disappointment, suffering and joy. Here the first Christian Church was formed, and the com- munion celebrated, in May, 1831, when the natives of Madagascar first united with the missionaries in commemorating the dying love of Christ. After the persecution broke out in 1836, this house of prayer was turned into a prison, in which, min- gled with wretched criminals, the Christians were confined. This chapel was a prison when I was here, in 1856. King Radama, since his accession has restored it to its original use, and a most at- tentive congregation of about eight hundred people occupy it every Lord's day. The people have almost as strong an attachment to this scene of their distress and sorrow, as the spots on which their companions actually died. The site is admirable ; being in the midst of a large population, on a sort of rocky terrace, with build- ing materials at hand. At Fiaduna, the spot where, during the last persecution, in 1857, Twenty-one were stoned to death, it is also proposed to erect a small village church, as a sort of appendage to Ambohipotsy, from which it is not far distant. Three at least of these buildings should be of stone ; they should not be ornamented or showy, but plain, solid, lasting fabrics, corresponding in their style and character with the purpose for which they are raised, and capable of containing eight hundred or a thousand persons each." So far as I can judge the cost of these build- ings could not be less than £10,000. 