; :,.v THE TJIEATRES... / , . THEATUE ROTAL/. Tho production of Shakspcnro'a tragody of "Romeo ond Juliet " at this theatre on Satur day ovening, obtained a vordict of unqualified approval at tho hands of a crowded nudionco. Indeed, tho lust night of tho woek has become of spoeiul interest to plnygoors, from tlie circuin- i star.oo that it brings with it e 'jliaugo in tho i progru'iRfi1? "f Ibp C!ltcrtuinr,1.jn|a l:orei on'j ' which they havo n.t huicd t) welcnmo in the manner ino3t gratifying to tho mansgement. In tho presentation of Ibis fino tragedy tlio enme conscientious regnrd io tho maintenance of thraLrical illusion, diapioytd in the almost mechanical precision which governs the representation of each Bceno and every incident involved in it, and also by tho careful pict)rial illustration of the story, that has already creditably distinguished Mr Sullivan's manage: hi ccreer, continues to bo obsorvod. Tlio actors "appear, move, and talk, as tho characters they represent would haro dono, had thoy occupied tlio stogo of real life, instead of being merely the pectic outlines llicy arc. Nor is tho glow of poetry absorbed in this closo and minute nltrnliontolhe material properties of tlio druuio. Tho individual excellence of Mr Sullivan'a company is, in fact, n guarantee that no Biich omission could take place, and this merit ia eepc aiully apparent when employed in tho representation of "Romeo nnd Juliet;" almost overy character. in which is im bued with strongly distinctive trails necessi tating tlie exercise of high intelligence by every netor and actress concerned. Another proof of llio capacity tf the company to understand as well as to interpret a Slmkepcrisn piny, was forthcoming on Saturday night. Seldom havo wo been present nt a moro entirely satisfactory | pcrforniaticc of the tragedy. To Mrn Heir was "entrusted tlio tosh «— sufficiently arduous for anv .woman" lo undertake, but particularly ao'whon 'the physical requisites of stature rind' general npp'earanco nro wonting— of embodying tho' hero! ' Tito "natural ability of this lady, und her ' : professional skill and : -experience 'enabled hoi' to; .dispose of every '-other 'difficulty, r' and though' llio appearance of 'masculinity- was denied to tlio - fpee- 'tiitor, the sentiment of.'the character was care fully upheld by tlie actress! Romeo, df not en this ' occasion exactly tlio " Hamlet in loro!' that Hazlitt has proiionnocd tlm oharcolcr to bei but ratlier a- dapper, noat-iiinbed young gontlemhn, and tho possessor of a handeomr, 'animated countenance, .and other lovonhle qualities of exterior, was still iir regard to tlm spirit of Shakspenro'e creation, tho high-spirited .and generous youth to , whom tlio heiress of' th'o CapulotB' so'' readily ; ' surrenders her j'tutig' konrt. Tho ' garden -'scenes .'were very gracefully rendered, by Mrs Heir and Miss Rosa Dunn, who impersonated Juliet. Of this young lady's performance' wo are bound to sprnk in terms of praise. Siio possesses every oxlernnTrrquisito far tho clia- rrictcr; liar youthful figure, tlie fresh musical ring of Iicr voice, and accrlain expression of ten- dor melancholy, seemingly natural to her, com- bining to stamp her portraiture v.fch authen ticity. Sho is also a careful render, : and lior aititudos are olegnnt, 'picturesque, 'and nbovo all, essonlialiy feminino. Ilc-r poses in the scciio With tho nurso, where Juliot endeavours to 'cilract from that ornhbed anil loquacious old lady particulars of tlio'inlcrvicw sho. has had with Roiiioo, wero the perfection of animated beauty, and far more eloquent than language. Iii some respects Miss'Dunn appoare to havo profited by tbe dcscription wliicli lias bcon left to . us. of tho peculiarities of Miss O'Neill's .representation, of tho 'character'; but, if so, Bho, .lies also, revived some of tho dofoots of that great actress; among them, the shriek at tlio fancied nppearnnoo of Tybalt's ghost, wliioh .savour's strongly 'of tho- glorious moio'drnma.1 Her reception of tho intelligence of Romeo's' . 'banieluheut was ' characterised by so 'much ! .fooling as to' briug ' forth, from the oudicnoo ; round upon round of applause, ' and' she was 'lionourqd witb a special call.iit tlie close of llio buyxiu iu nu Lit iudi'iiucd |iDUUii uctua LU Ulau effect. Tho .dying scoho was also "-most ably rioted! and, altogether, wo owb ' to "Miss Dunn tlie gratifiostioh of witnessing a most ablo ren dering of tlio part. Mr. Barry Sullivan gave a spirited presentment of Morcutio, the viva cious qualities ot mas mercurial personage rccoiviug all duo expression from lite actor. Tbo celebrated lines descriptive of the fairy Mab, and which form a; clustar of tho brightest gems cf human fancy,' woro-deliverod with earro?pond- ing tnsto. Tho careless bravery of Morcutio, hiB fine sense of humour, and tho contempt lio entertains for tlio insolent partisan of tlio Copulets, woro most artistically discriminated, and pointed iu the rencontre witli Tybalt. Mr Sullivan was also extremely successful in his pourtrnyal of tho domosnour of Meroutio after rcceiring tho mortal wound. Constant in rcoklfS3ticsr, thia light hearted philosopher goes to his death with a sarcasm 'upon his lips. Mrs A Phillips's Nurse wo ; thought unequal ; the best part: of it was undoubtedly in tho scono with Juliet, already! referred to. Wo wore not favorably, impressed by Mr Heir's impcrsonotian of Friar Law- ran'co; probably more on account of the exceed ingly bad ' poraonal portrait given- of .that roTbrond gentleman, than by any defect ini the oiocntion. Somo' of tho scenery was admirable, and the' pioco woo well dressod and evidently had been barcfally roliesrsed. 'It will bo, repealed 'Ihis'ovoning, with thslsame castj but wo ' undOrstand-.it is -not unlikely tliat llr Sullivan will,- in tho coursoof tho woek, perform Romso, witli Mrs Heir as Juliot, and Mr Heir as Meroutio. i- - HOYAI, HAYJIAKKET. V -. : Tliis' Thoatra was fairly patroniaed on Satur day night,' when' " Tho Wron Boys" and tho. " Nympli of tho Lurloyborg," wore porformod for the lost time. 'This evening Mr Jefferson will mako lits' ro- appearenco in Stirling Ooyno's. Co'mddy,1 " The Hope of: tlio Pamily;" and. Plsnpho's fairy extragavanza, "Tho King of tho Peacocks" will be tho after- piece, .... , " , ROYAL PRINCESS'S. . The ' biihagemont gives "another: day. p0r- formanco tliri afternoon. An entiro ehungo in the programme is announced. " ' 1 ' t . ,, , .UISCELLAMEUUa, , . i Mr Lvster's . OpOra Trou'pp relurri to- .faBmania. by, .Wednesday's steamer j thoddvors ' of,m jisic in Hobiirt Town . haying subscribed a iinndsomo sumnsa subsidy t to tho ' manngor. -iraetpwiy wUljx'is !.'l>afi>rv- conoisfc of Mdio: Escolt, ; Miss : Ilods'on, and' Messrs, . Squires', ' Wharton,; Reiff, and Lioyd. . ' . \- On. Saturday evening, ;tha ehtpitainmsnt at tlio. Royal . oly teehmd Iristitrite, donsiated' of looturps. given .respeolivoly, by Mr Frost,' on Eleotvo, Biolojjy, and by Pr.L.L.; Smith and a .very entertaining interlude, if it may'bo so termed,, -.by. .Mr .W. Tnzid Simoos, con sisting of selections from English and Scottish poetry, , especially from that; of Hood, Ingpldsby,., and other .metrical humourists.' Tho lecturer was! rissistod by Miss Geraldino Wardf n. a.ydung lady who, wo think, bids well for. public opinion. ' Miss Warden 'possesses a good soprano voice; ani 6ings witli cou- sulorablc taste.' She gsvo' several ballads and operatio niorcoanx with great' feeling, a:id tlio audienco - liberally .applauded, tho fair cantri- trioo. Thajentertaiiiment concluded with tbo exhibition ,oln number pf dissolyiog views. 1 ; Artificial limbs hro in ado witli such nicety in Spain, tliat with an nrtificiaUnn nnd lmnil tlio possessor can play a guitar, witli it, pick upasniall coin' from tlie ' floor, nnil perform other manual operations. American inventions are very, nearly, if not fully, equal to this. . Artificial logs are mado so naturally by some, that ii case of lock jaw is reported where Ute possessor of a wooden leg trail ou a tack. " , , u ', A. Yorkslilveinan, on a visit to London, stepped into an cating-houso in the Strand, hut on npproncliing n taliib, was surprised to see nothing on ' it. J - '/ What ! will .you . lirivo V , asked the waiter. York, stared nt him, , but presently re plied " I dttnno." — "Would you, like, n bill of fiiro/eir !" spid the waiter. .. " Tltauk yc," said tlio farinor, ' -" I don't care if I do take n small piece;" ' 1 ' :' ' . ' An eminent Paris surgeon, being scut for by h Cardinal Pri me- Minister; wa-t told by Mm, ' " You must riot expect to treat mo as you do your. poor wretches at, the Hotel! Diou," (the Great lloipitnl). "My Lord," answered the surgeon, .with great dignity, « every one of those- .'.poor wretches,' as your Eminence is pleased to term them, is a Prime Minister in my eyes." 