THE ROMANCE OF DISTANCE. IN one of the most interesting portions of Sir Charles Lyell's new work, a cave is described which was found not many years ago in France, and which the structure of the rocks showed to have received its occupants many more thousand years ago than a cautious geologist likes to estimate precisely. An inner cavity was discovered blocked up by a large stone, and this cavity was tenanted by seventeen human skeletons. Not only had they their inevitable flint knives with the m-the one care, interest, and occupation apparently of those ancient and forlorn gone - rations-but the fossil remains of wild beasts showed that the hunters had been sent to a common grave with their prey, and that, after the simple fashion of savage tribes, a provision had been made for carrying on the pursuits of this life in another. Sir Charles Lyell takes occasion to observe that this may give us a reasonable kind of pleasure, and that it is satisfactory to think that, even in that dim and remote age, man looked forward to futurity, and was not content to reckon himself among the beasts that perish. Man, ever since he has learnt to speculate and meditate on himself, has looked on this impression of a futurity before him as one of the marks of his superiority. He has in all ages thrown an air of poetry over the present by looking it to the boundless time of the future. It has been reserved for us in the present generation to fee) also the poetry of the undefined and indefinable past. Time has for us now a new romance, and we gain new concep- tions of our destiny and our powers as we look back into that abyss of centuries in which, if geologists are right, man was still existing, and still gifted with, a yearning for the secrets of futurity. It is true that, like much in poetry, this romance of the past can be turned into prose. After all, if we let our fancy roam, " a wild bird and a wanderer," over ever so many centuries, we do not at any one point of time get to Hbyihing very interesting. It is not without a shudder that we picture to ourselves myriads of men' sitting, age after age, on floating ice, and vaguely letting their flint knives drop through the holes into the subjacent mud. But the whole was a poetry which none of its parts have, and although it would be hard to say in what precise way the thought, of the intermin- able past affects UP, yet we may be conscious that it dies affect us with a sense of pleasant dreamy uncertainty, like the vistas of great forests in the evening twilight of the vastness of the boundless sea. And there is another romance which exercises a very similar spell over us, and that is the romance of' distance. Ev or since, in the basin of the Mediterranean, there were gathered together races of men who ventured beyond their own borders, and explored the great get an in ships, and different tribes of conquerors came into collision in an _ area which, as compared with the extent of the habitable globe, was exceedingly narrow, men have hiding interest excited by the thoughts of other men living at a distance. In the first dawn of Greek later start, this form of romance appears with, a strong hold on the Hellenic mind. There was to Homer, a dreamless ness, as of the other and future world, in the land of the blameless Ethiopians and the license of a fanciful geography has been as useful a stimulant to fiction as the absence of restraint with which the mind seems to itself to paint the life beyond the grave. in the Odyssey the two melt into one, and Miss 's' actually sails into the land of ghosts. Nor is this a slight mark of the intellectual activity of the nice to which the composer of the Odyssey belonged. It is scarcely too much to say that on the union of the two feelings-an interest in the future, and an interest in the distant civilisation depends. It is the mark of savages as distinguished from the brute?, or at any late of the higher as distinguished from the lower savages, that they try to overlap the barrier of death, and, if in no better way, at least prepared for the future by arranging that the dead shall have the apparatus of a provision for their wants wherever they may go. But it is a great leap from this to feel an interest in the distant regions of the earth, to long to know what is beyond horizon after horizon, and what are the ways and works of the articulate-speaking men (if, indeed, they speak article- lately) beyond. 'This addition to the total stock of mankind is the fruit of much enterprise, of much brooding over the destinies of the race to which the reflective philosopher belongs, of all those efforts! of inventive genius-. by which communication between nations is struck out. It is the fruit, that is, of precisely the sale e things which begin civilisation, a d first show that the people that feels them has the capacity of growth. And even atth'S day, if we s way the map of Europe, and reckon up the dresses in which, the different nations seem to feel the spirit of interest in those separated from them, by great geographical distances, we may easily see that where this interest exists very feebly, as in Russia, as she is a very 'sit t and Indian mary civilisation and where it exists with intensity, as in the two great nations of the West, there is what we claim to be the height of civilisation. It also happens, not only that, as civilisation goes on and pains strength, the sense of the poetry of the distant in time and space gal: s strength also, and is the sign and standard of the fact and extent of the general advance; but also, at particular points of the world's history, a new form is given to the poetry, and it seems to make a new start under buy hats heads at once. Times of intellectual vigour have over and over again been! times of adventure in exploring. The see captains of? Elizabeth were showing the English flag in every latitude while Shakspeare and Bacon were writing. And in the present day we have made a distinct leap in power and thought, which he can trace to two causes above all. The civilisation of England has taken a aside, and the English intellect has been pushed in a new direction by two supreme influences by that knowledge of the past which shows itself chiefly in geology and philology and secondly, by that connection of East and West of which the chief outward sign is the English Empire in India. Whatever subject we may begin to think of, it is surprising how soon we are carried into a groove of thinking in which we shall find, if we reflect, that we are under the influence of either this new poetry of the past or this new peers of distance. Nor is it any to say which acts more powerfully. These records of the past the human race supply a new test of history, and pro- foundly after our conception of the purpose of this world ; but the notion of the multifariousness of the human race, and the new way of living and thinking which India has brought home, if not reveals J to us, affect us quite as powerfully. We have learnt to' theorise on a large scale, and to know that our theories, if they are to be broad enough, must embrace hundreds of millions of men and women who neither lot k, nor speak, nor think as we do, but who yet have a refinement, and traditions, and a philosophy which we cannot pretend to despise. The sense of an interest in remote regions of the earth takes many curious forms in England, and none is so curious, and at the same time so characteristic, as the different schemes which benevolence sets on foot. The poetry which does not lead to action is not much felt in England now and perhaps our estimate of the purposelcssness of a great part of Otuntal life may have some share in causing this state of sentiment, It is also much easier 11 flit off from the first enthusiasm of the medical into schemes of practical activity, than to go through the labour of meditating over the course of our enthusiasm, and gradually making it a pint of our own mind. In an eye, therefore, when a great many minds are awakened to facile emotions, and very few feel impelled to dive deeply into the secrets of nature or their own hearts. any mode of flying (from romance to the details of a busy idleness is peculiarly welcome. The particular form in which this flight shows itself, in modern England, so for as regards the romance of distance, is the invention and management of counties religious and philanthropical societies. To make the East more like the West, to cut the men of far-off lands after our pattern, to teach them to resemble, if possible, respectable Englishmen whose respectability is of a humble and submissive kind, is the great aim which presents itself to the mind of the ordinary Englishman when he recalls his though from a reverie on the Hindoo or the Chinaman. His peculiar way of gratifying his aspirations is to start a society. If there is but a society, he is happy. If only he can get a secretary at a small salary to report periodically to a nobleman acting as president, and if some sort of persons are sent out to do something or other somewhere, his conscience is relieved, and his interest kept at that gentle heat which alone is compatible with durability. The success in I the distant region itself is a very secondary matter, and it would be very puzzling if it had to be largely regarded, whereas, if attention is concentrated on inducing a society to exist in England, success is almost certain. To an observer who is not exactly in the same frame of mind, there is often something silly in these societies. They appear to be constituted without the very slightest reference of means to ends. Nor is it often quiteelenrwhatthe precise orders to be. Of course it is always easy to use vague phrases, and to say that the agents of the society are employed in civilise and , Christianise the heathen. But when we ask for a little more precision, it is difficult to get at. There * seems no notion of what it is proposed to teach, what parts of religion are to be insisted on, or what features of our civilisation are to be copied, if possible, and' what omitted. As to the machinery, it is often so inadequate and so unsuitable, that we are only prevented from laughing at it by a sense of the goodness of the motives which have created it. We ' do not wish to make too sweeping an assertion, but we have little doubt that at least one-half of the schemes for benefiting people in distant lands are simply useless so far as i regards those who are intended to be benefited. But it is very different as regards the people in England whose sense of the romance of distance thus takes an active form. They have a new and a high interest added to life. Any one who subscribes to a useless society for the benefit of far-off people must necessarily have subjects brought before his mind which may be the material of elevating and inspiriting thought. It is true that the way in which he shows what he feels is not very wise ; but it is with him as it is with the higher barbarian who thinks of a future life. His way of showing what he feels is foolish, but his feeling goes far to mark him out as a creature of a high destiny. An English- man, who is filled with pity and wonder at the thought of distant heathen millions, and then vents his feelings by the rude process of a little pet society, with a lecturer and secretary, and one or two agents, may be not inaptly compared to the wild hunters who show their belief in a future world by giving their dead companion a burial president of the spoils an i implements of the chase. Both the Englishman and the hunt ing savage have seized on a great idea with an imperfect grasp. And this is true even when the Englishman is seen at his worst. Many of the societies for doing 1 distant good are as wisely formed and well conducted as human frailty will permit. But even the silliest of these societies have the merit that their institution may be traced to the influence of an ennobling and poetical idea Saturday Review. 