EPITOME OF NEWS. WE compile the following from the various journals to hand. Tele.'rani from li 'rrimn, in ' Ht vald' of 2,5th ult.:—Mr. Iloran, publican, of Sutton, Forest, was stuck up this morning in Birgo Brush by an armed bushranger, ami robbed of £3, all Ihe money he had on his person. The bushranger had crape ou his face. Ditto from Bathurst:—The two default• iuj» carriers, Green and Parker, were brought,-up^fc. the Police Court to-day on suspicion of being concerned in robbing the Mudgcij MitUk They were apprehended at Fiyiug-piu. Parker was discharged,-and Green remanded till Monday. Ditto from Adelaide:—In the Upper House the .second readins of the Tariff Bill was earned by a majority of Jive, il then jKissed thrnut'h committee, and, the stand in" orders bciivj; suspended, passed the third reading. The name of Adelaide, in stead of Sou!h Australia, is recommentied to be adopted by this colony, owing to the accession of new country. The 'Herald' says:—On Monday, 13th instant, a young man named Henry Joseph Ayton, son of Mr. William Ayton, of Pitt- street, while working on a bridge in course of construction over the Narnoi River, about nine miles from Narrabri, fell into the river and was drowned. Although twenty men have beeu engaged in searching for the body of the unfortunate young man, up to the 20th it had not been recovered. A tinsmith named John Wheeler died suddenly, last week, from serous apoplexy, accelerated by disease ol the heart. A miner from New South Wales, named Thomas Mai us, was killed lately, at the Duustan diggings, by the collapsing of a shaft. He. has left a. wife and lour children, wh _ The * Herald' says, of a case in the j Supreme Court on 24th ult.—Ex parte Allan—Habeas Corpus:—This was an ap plication by the mother of an illegitimate cliiM—a girl six years old—against the putative father, for the restoration of such eliiid, whom he ha It seems that the parlies had formerly been cohabiting for nine years. The rnan stated that fur several years past this woman had t:ikeu to drink, and had almost ruined hira. He had been compelled to give up a farm at Shoalhaven, and a coasting vessel which he owned. She had been iu gaol and in the watchlion*e, ami he had taken posses sion of the child because, under her charge, il was not well cared for. She had sued him for the maintenance of another child (which she held in her arms while in Court) j^nd her only object iu seeking sion of this little girl was to^^prt. money 1 from him. The woman denied charges, and sought to recriminate noon the mart for cohabiting with another temale. Their Honors, however, refused to listen to any such discussion, or to enter at all into the dispute bei.ween these parlies, 'i he won.uu was clearly entitled in law to the custody j of her child. The Chief Justice, however. told her that she had the appearance of a Woman who indulged in drink, and that if she did not try and become a sober woman —and an honest woman too—she would bring her children to ruin. Mr. Butler ap peared in support of the application, but was not called upon—the law as to the woman's right to be the custodian of her own illegitimate children being held too plain for argument. The Chief Justice suggfl^^Mhat the father should make termm[^Hie woman for the care of the childTord^euId place her in one of the asylums. The man thereupon stated that lie was quite willing to pay anything for the support of the child at any public school. Mr. Milford remarked (as amicus curia;) that the child could be placed in the asylum on the order of any magistrate. The Chief Justice assented to this state ment, but added that it was a matter in which that Court could not interfere. Also, of a case at the police court on the same day:—Mr. Dalgleish, a member of Parliament, charged Robert Dowan, a member of the police force, with misconduct as a constable. It appeared from Mr. Dal gleish's evidence that between 12 and i o'clock on Wednesday morning, on his way from the Assembly, he saw a woman lying in Hyde Park; he called for the police, and in Market- street, near Oastlereasrh street, lie met defeudant proceeding towards Hyde Park, and asked him if he were a ser geant or an officer of police, he said that he . was not a sergeant; asked him then where he would be most likely to find the inspector of the division, to which defendant replied by asking bis business; he (witness) said that be wanted to make a complaint against a constable ; "is that what you want?" re plied defendant, and walked away; he (Mr. D.) followed and demanded his name and number, and going towards liim for t he purpose of taking his number, defendant drew bis truncheon, and said if he (Mr. D ) approached any nearer, he would knock him down; reported his conduct. To pay a penalty of 20s., or to be imprisoned twenty four hours. Mr. Dalgleish at once paid the penalty for Dowan. (The constable re ferred to by Mr. Dalgleish in his conversa tion with Dowan has been dismissed from the force.) Mr. John A. Hux writes to the 'Herald,* from Lambing Flat:—The next statement, which will perhaps rather astonish the public, is from the veritable Frank Gar diner himself. A few weeks after Sir F. Pottinger missed him at Mrs. Brown's, be (Gardiner) was met by , who kuew 'Gardiner well before he took to the roads; Gardiner asked to go with him into the bush and have a smoke, Gardiner at the lime carrying a first-rate short rifle; they both dismounted, Gardiner lay ing down his rifle. After lighting their pipes, took up the rifle, and in a jocular manner, said, now, Frank, suppose I was to blow your brains out; he (Gardiner) laughed, and said, you could not do that il you wanted ; I ain not quite so soft; try ami fire il off. did so, and found he could uot move the trigger. Gardiner then showed him a spring of some kind that had to be removed before it could be fired. asked him the particulars of Sir F. Pot tiugers meeting him at Mrs. Brown's; he gave him almost word for word the same staleuieut made by Sir F. Pottinger of their meeting, adding that he never had the slightest suspicion of any police being near liim, tbat be was quieliy ambling along when he heard some one shout out" Stand," and almost immediately level a rifle. So sudden was it, tlint he felt as if he were electrified. Jumping up in his saddle, and spumes his horse, he galloped away into t>*h,^tinctly hearing the cap of the adding by G 1 thought I was a dead nan. He returned to the but the same night, and took Mrs. Brown away. asked him what they thought of Sir F- Pottinger, to which he replied, the papers may say what they like about him ; some call him a coward. I wish he was. There is nothing of the coward about him ; he is the only man in the police 1 care for, and the only one that bunts and keeps me moving; in fact the place is getting too hot for me. I shall try aud clear out. Such is the statement made by Gardiner himself, and I leave the question of the cowardice or not of Sir F. Pottinger between the statements made l>y the lion, members Messrs. Harpur and Driver and the noto rious bushranger Gardiner. I merely state lacts. I may mention a singular fact, that is—no authentic information has since been received of the whereabouts of Gardiner; nor out ot the numerous robberies com mitted in this district has Gardiner been positively identified in connection with them, although he is equally well known with the notorious scoundrels that have in iesled this district for so J«ng a time. To enable yon to verify the truth ol Ihe above statement, should you think proper, I enclose you the name and address of the party who rnet with Gardiner—not for publication, but as a guarantee of my good faith. I he disaffected Mamies have been called upon to take the oath of allegiance, and to jiive up their anns. Active preparations lor war continue, and the military have been ordered to the front. Kvery Maori 1 >uud.in the streets of Auckland after dark is to be apprehended The ' Southern Lro^s suggesis the formation of a corps to to act as guides and irregular troops, by the The Swan Hill correspondent of t • lliveriue Herald* writes:—The populati of this township, with nil their water p vileges and other vast advantages, are ji beginning to find that they are not alto; ther exempt from the ills common to ll*i communities. This fact has within the It three weeks been brought forcibly beff 1hem in the shape of that scourge ycle pieuro-pneumonia, some half-dozen of t township cattle, milkers, &c;, having be killed last week, all in a very advanc stage of tiie disease. The * Bat hurst Times' says:—Mr- Hodi of Bentinek-street, had occasion to graved yard connected with his place of resident and for this purpose he obtained from t Gravel Pits-hill several carl-loads of a ki of conglomerate which is found there, c sisting of quartz and ironstone. Being' opinion that the stone contained gold. 1 out of curiosity, broke a piece up, wb fine particles of the precious metal were once rendered distinctly visible. Itisstat that a vein of the stone can be traced acr< the hill. 1 he Oarcoar correspondent of the ' 1 dd writes, on 18th ult.:—Last wee! rahl sent you an account of two men mbb two females of their horses, and of the ( ture of the men and horses by trooper 1 and a black tracker. They were cuuve to Covra, identified and committed for t to Rat hurst. The prisoners were then ^^vardad from Covvra to Oarcoar, and fi HHhi> to Bathurst in the mail coach of one poiicemau. At King's Pi! the coach broke down (midway betw Carcoai and Bathurst), and could not t the policeman and prisoners any further \- consequence of which the policeman bar take his prisoners to au ion, where obtained a room for himself aud prison who sli utly ufter went to bed, while countable remained watching tbem o, chair. Some time in the night the prisoners got up to have a smoke, when one of them tripped the chair from tinder the constable, and struck him a severe blow on the head which rendered him insensible for a time, during which time the prisoners made their escape. The ' Ballarat Star' says:—The Great Extended Company has kept up its luck bravely this week. Yesterday 482 ounces were washed out, making a total for the fortnight of over 2000 ounces, of which 1400 ounces have been washed out during the Ia?t five days. Yesterday's yield was obtained without cleaning the bottoms of the machine. An eye-witness of the sluic ing tells us that, in a mining and dividend sense, the sight was really magnificent. The gold lay in yellow heaps, and yet richer yields, are anticipated with confidence, as the best grouud is blocked out. Our own recollection is not so clear on the point, but it is said that yesterday's extended yield is the largest ever obtained in one day by any one company in the district. The dividend payable to-day is £90 per share for the fortnight, besides a heavy re serve for expenses. The order in the affiliation case against the Rev. Mr. Boltou has been reversed by the Supreme Court, on the ground that it was wholly unsupported by evidence. Costs have been given against the respondent, Isabella L mghton. The bodj'. of a woman supposed to be Ann Richards, a person of dissolute habits, was lately found drowned, in Darliug Harbour. John Thompson died last week, in the Sydney Infirmary, from injuries received in falling from a building. Having left a widow and two children destitute, the coroner and jury presented 27s to the widow of deceased. It appears that the Peruvian slavers are still busily pursuing their nefarious kid nappings among the Southern Pacific Is lands. The * Herald' says, of a barque, one of these slavers: —When the slaver made Danger Islaud, the Missionary ashore sent a canoe off, to know what vessel it was, and to obtain information. On the canoe com ing alongside, both it aud the man were hoisted on board, the latter was put ,below the hatches, and the former broken up for firewood. The object of the slaver visiting Sunday Island was to try and restore the health of his cargo, 41 which must have been very numerous," as 300 or more of men, women, aud children that were in a dying £tate, owing to their crowded condi I tion, were landed in a most deplorable plight. ; They were so emaciated and feeble that they could not stand, some not able to crawl. The first launch load that was landed consisted of fifty-three men; only , three could stand of the number, three were found dead on the launch reach ing the beach, and the residue were hauled out of the boat in the roughest manner to be conceived, and thrown on the beach—some beyond the surf, aud others in it. Several were drowned where they were thrown, and eighty died immediately after being landed. Some, not having strength ! to crawl beyond the reach of the title, were I drowned. As soon as some of the others gained a little strength, and were able to move about, they eat almost anything that came in their reach, and the consequence was, that diarrhcea, flux, and cramp seized them and carried them off in numbers. The dead bodies were buried on the beach, in the sand, and when the tide rose aud the surf set in, all the bodies were disinterred and strewed all orer the beach, and allowed to remain as the tide left them; on the 19 th April, a considerable number of the people had partially recovered, and were able to walk about. This vessel is one of seven, of a similar nature, that are known to have been among the islands. This same barque visited the east end of Upolo,—" one of the Navigator Inlands,"—and took a native out of a trading boat that was returning to Apia, as well as what money there was, and some oil, and afterwards sent the boat adrift with one Europenn in it, when the land was just visible from the ship, with out food or water. The' boat reached the land after being at sea two days. The popu lation of Sunday Island before the arrival | of the slaver consisted of four families, num. I bering twenty- two in all. Their occupation was cultivating a variety of vegetables, and I rearing stock to supply the whaling ships I that periodically visited the island. In l fourteen days after the natives were landed out of the slaver, the residents, " who were Europeans," were attacked by the same disease as the natives were, and in a few days eijrlit out of the twenty- two died. On the arrival of the schooner, all of them hut one man were ill, and be had to attend to all, well as bnry the dead. As soon as the residue would bear removal, they were taken on board the schooner, aud on its ar rival at Apia they hat! recovered. Some families had lost a father, some a mother, and one both father aud mother. There was a poor little girl of fourteen months old, aud her brother of eleven years old, who were left destitute and orphans. The little girl found a kind protector at Apis, and the little boy is ou board the Ocean, brig. Suudaj Island is uuinhabited now. Mr. N. P. Bayly says, in a letter in the ' Heraid':—I then predicted if the law was not at once put into force, the disease would spread to such an extent that it would be almost impossible to stop its ravages JSvery daj" tends to confirm my opinion. From re liable information 1 have received, there are now three hundred thousand sheep in the North-western districts positively known to be Scabby. Whenever ojur Legislature allows reasonable compensation for sheep destroyed, the mask will be thrown off, and the truth will then come out—but nut until then. Many are dipping to evade the law and put off the evil day; hut I have been told, on unquestionable authority, this process of dip ping is ali labour in vain—regular complete humbug—that most of the sheep thus ducked are worse than ever. A gentleman who re sides near Dubbo told me this day that between Dubbo and the Bogan they already know of 67,000 sheep actually diseased, and in a very bad state; be expected that in less than three months the number would be j double. It is reported that some few months ' back one gentleman had nearly 30.000 clean j sheep, but they are ali now diseased through j introducing on to the run a flock of store wedders that came from that nursery bed of seah, between " Parrama.Ua and. the Blue i Mountains." j The * Goulburn Herald' says :—Mr. N. C. Phillips, of Lansdowne, having kept an ac count for thirteen years of the bursting of the ; first almond blossom in bis garden, has fur nished us the following result, by which it will be seen that on the present occasion iis appearance is earlier than in any previous year:—18:>0,2lst August; 1851,20th July; 1852, 2lst August; 18i>3, 8th August; 185+, 30th July; 1855, 15th July; 18:16, 13th August; 1*857, tith August; 1858, fith August; 1859, 12th August; J8()0, 3rd August; 1861, 22nd August; 18(i2, loth July ; 1863, 5)th July. Telegram fmra Brisbane, in ' Herald' of 22nd ult.:—Parliament was opened to- day by commission. The members w*»re sworn, i and Mr. Gilbert Elliott ejected Speaker. The Governor will formally open the session > to-morrow. The ' Empire* says:—The Postmaster General has found it necessary to provide printed forms (or the convenience of the highway robbery » branch" ol the establish ment. Two of these forms we have before us, and if any sceptic is disposed to doubt the facts now stated, he can see the original documents by applying at the office of'this journal. No. General Post Office, Sydney 186 I beg to inform you that the Mail de spatched on the from t0 was robbed on the bv Bush rangers and Registered Letter to your address stolen therefrom. I have the honour to be your obedient servant, ' W. H. Christie, _ . Postmaster General. The next form ts for use when, after a rob bery any registered letters chance to be reco vered. We fancy that the demand for this form of document will not be so large as (or the above. This seems to have been antici pated, for Major Christie's signature is printed to the first form, in order to save the great labour attendant upon si^nin^ the numerous announcements of mail robberies ; but the space for the signature is left blank in the following, as recoveries are expected to be rare, and signing the forms will not in volve much hard work. General Post Office, T , . . , Sydney J86 . I beg to inform you, that a drawn by in favour of on which was in the mail from that was robbed bv Bushrangers on has been recovered' and now lies at this office for delivery to the party who claim it as property. I am your obedient servant, Postmaster General. We recommend the following form to the notice of the Postmaster General, as proper to be furnished to all persons in charge of mails, and to be fitted in and signed bv the person to whom the bags are delivered in the ordinary way of business: ' Road, „ . . . . 186 . Received in good order, from bags with Her Majesty's mails, from t0 , and containing registered letters. (Signed) Bushranger in command. The Bathurst Times' savs Our readers will remember the name of Mr. Stephens, of ola, w8° a short time ago was so brutally treated by tbe culprits Ross and O'Connor, and for which outrage the two Rosses were executed in Sydney. Mr. Steph ens was in Batburst on Thursday last purchasing some goods and left town in the afternoon f..r Caloola. In the Vale a female saw him, and asked him to allow her to ride in the cart, to which request he acceded. About three miles from Butler's Inn, Stephens, in at tempting to urge bis horse to greater speed, overbalanced himself, and fell out of the cart, the wheel of which passed over his body in a diagonal direction, rendering him fi'r the time unable to move. The female who was with him started at once for assistance and, after travelling about-three quarters of a' mile obtained help. Mr. Stephens was con veyed back to Mr. Butler's, ccimplainin" «f great pain m bis back, and a special messenovr was sent to Batburst for medical assistance. Dr. Connell was promptly on tbe spot, and prescribed the needful remedies. The in- i juries sustained are not so serious as was a' first apprehended. j Telegram from Gundagai, in 4 Herald' Pleuro-pneumonia is prevalent around this town. Several bead of cattle have died lately from tins disease. Six bullocks out of one man s team died yesterdav within an hour. Woodhart, who escaped from Bathurst gaol, some months ago, has been apprehended at Liverpool. A Swedish sailor named John Nelson was found drowned, at Campbell's Wharf, last week. The Maori half-caste Hori has been sen tenced to penal servitude for life, for shooting at Lieut. Traggitt, with intent to murder" and to death for the murder of Dr. Hope, in the massacre by Manries some time a-m. The ' Braidwood News' says :—On Tues day last, during the trial of Peang Jem and Lum lee, for robbing Ark Sing, a Chinese witness named Ah -Ponn, unon being inter rogated by Judge Callacjhan, as to what would become of him after death if he was to lead a bad and wicked life, said fbat if hp was a good man while alive, lie would, when dead, be a good ghost. Ifa verv bad man. he might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinese witness (the pro secutor). stated in reply to his Honor, t!iat he prayed to a wooden god he had in a io$s house in China, and if he told a lie his' ^od would cause him to be struck by lightning, or to fall from his horse, or some other such calamity might befall him. The new wing of the Randwick Asylum has been opened, in the presence of tlie Go vernor and a large i,umber of other gentle men. The 4 Otago D lily Times' of Monday, July 6tb, gives a paiticular narrative of a fata'l steambo.it collision which occurred in the neighbourhood of Port Chalmers on the pre vious Saturday night. Two of the Port Chalmers steamers, the Favorite and the Pride of the Yarra, while proceeding at full speed in opposite directions—the former to wards Port Chalmers and the latter to Dunedin came into violent collision and, savs the 4 Times,' *' amid the darkness, con fusion, and general terror which prevailed, the more tender of the two (the Pride) filled' and sank, taking down with her many of her human freight." 12 bodies have been re covered, but additional persons were still missing. The 4 Herald* says:—The breakwater at the entrance of the Clarence River now' ex tends for a length of 440 feet, exclusive of the approaches. About 3000 tons of stone are being deposited per week. Additional strength has recently been given to some parts of the breakwater under the direction i of the Engineer for Harbours, who has just I made an inspection of the work. Tenders , will shortly he invited f«r a breakwater on the northern bank, fur which a railway 2i ! miles ^ in length will be required to connect : the site with the quarry from which tbe I will be procure !.■—The statistics of the Telegraph Department show that after de ducting all the expenses of management and the interest ou the cost of constructing the lines, the receipts bring to the Government a net return of eight per cent. This must be considered a v<-ry satisfactorily result, parti cularly as contrasted with the' other colonies, where telegraphic communication is carried' on at a considerable loss. We have now in New South Wales 2506 miles of telegraphic wire and forty-four stations. A man known as Henry Evans, but whose real name was stated to he Henry Dennis, was lately drowned in Nelson's Bay, near Sydney, by the upsetting of a boat. Saturday's 4 Tarn worth Examiner' savs: We have had vary wet weather during the past week. The Goonoo Goonoo Creek at Tamworth overflowed its banks, and was im passable for some time, causing a d<-l«v of nearlv twelve hours in the departure of the Sydney mail on Thursday. The Peel River rose considerably, but did not overflow at Tamworth. The weather broke slightly on Friday morning, but it commenced to rain ' heavily about midday, and continued to pour down till we went to press last night—We have been shown a specimen of the small white turnip variety, grown by Mr. James Dwyer, of this town, from seed recently re ceived from the " old country." When pulled, it weighed seven pounds, and mea sured round the thickest part IT inches, and 11 inches in length. It is the largest we have seen of this variety in the colony, altbuugh we "believe still larger have been produced in other parts. On being cut it was found to be perfectly sound, and of a very fine flavour. Mr. Dwver had many others fully as large as that shown us. The ' Herald' says:—A native of Aus tralia, named J. A. Darby, son of Mr. S. H. Darby, of Bundarra (for some time head boy of the llev. J. Pendrill's school, at the Glebe) has taken honours at Cambridge. The ' Tenterfield CuronicW of 23rd ult. states that the escort from Timbarra on 17th ult. took down 226 ozs. 14 dwts. of gold adding—" Owing to the flooded state of the Clarence River during the past five weeks the gold collected for the two previous escorts' was retained until last Friday, when over 10f>0 ounces were transmitted to Sydney." Tbere are at present only three' criminal cases to be beard at the Quarter Sessions to sit m Tenterfield on the 4th August next. The number of civil cases entered in the plaint book is seventy-two.—Bartholomew Ross again appeared on remand, before Thos Cowper, Esq., on Tuesday last, charged with horse-stealing, but the witnesses not having arrived, the case was again remanded for a week, tbe amount of bail being reduced from £400 to the prisoner's own recognisance for £100.—Mr Commissioner Emmott, of Tim barra, distributed Government blankets to about twenty aboriginal natives on last Fri day morning.—A telegram was received in town on Tuesday eight, stating that a gold field had been discovered at Talgai. 25 miles from Warwick, by two parties named Jeffreys and El worthy. The finds are stated to be good, and numbers of people in Warwick were making preparations for a rush to tbe spot. We have been informed of the death of Mr J. W. Jackson, manager of the Joint Stock IBank at Warwick, which took place on Saturday last. The remains of the deceased were followed to the grave on Monday by a very large assemblage of the inhabitants {We hear that this was the Mr. Jackson who | was connected with tbe ArmidaleBank when it opened. Eps. ' A.E.')—The Rev. G F. Dillon left Tenterfield for Armidale on Mon day last. We are happy to say that through the instrumentality of that gentleman, and tbe liberality of the Catholics of Tenterfield the handsome sum of £260 was subscribed on last Sunday for the erection of a place of worship. This, added to about £90 pre viously subscribed, will make a total of £350. A building committee has been formed. (We are informed that, in addition to the £260 subscribed in the morning, there were £70 subscribed in tbe evening and |about £50 afterwards.—Eps. 'A E.') j Telegram from Monday's 'Herald':— | Brisbane, Wednesday. Parliament was opened to-day by bis Excellency the Go vernor. The leading topic in his speech was the necessity existing for a new census, to assist as a guide in the proposed extension of electoral representation. The Railway Bill brought forward last session, the second reading of which was the cause of the disso lution of the House, is to be introduced at once. Other Government measures proposed previous to the dissolution will again be brought forward. On Saturday evening last Hannah Nichols, upwards of seventy years of age, who had wandered from home, while suffering from deranged intellect, was knocked down bv a train, between Ashfield and Burwood, and dangerously injured. On tbe same day John Selby, a man in the customs department, was drowned, at Botany Heads, by the upsetting of a boat. 1 he returns from Grafton. Ulmarra. and Lawrencetown gave 283 votes for Mr. Clark Irving, and 122 for Mr. Campbell. Other returns have yet to arrive, but there is no doubt of Mr. Irving's election. A child 15 months old bas been dan gerously hurt, by falling a dep'b of between 20 and 30 feet, from the rocks in Gloucester street North, Sydney. The Melbourne ' Argus* of 16th instant says :—It seems that of all the so- called scab specifics tried during the last few weeks, but one or two have bad any beneficial effect. The sheep were divided into seven lots, dipped, marked with a distinguishing brand, and tben allowed to run together again, so tbat, except in regard to the kind of dressing used, all bad precisely tbe same treatment. Tbe experiment is not quite concluded yet, but some of the lots are rather worse than before they were dipped. As each dressing was applied by tlie persons specially interested, tbey alone are responsible for tlie result, and the best was manifestly " M'Dougall's sheep and lamb dipping composition," imparted from England. This has evidently coal oil or coal tar for its basis, and in appearance and smell is similar to tbe composition pre pared by Mr. Hayes; but tbe oil appears to have been chemically dissolved, and there fore remains intimately blended with tbe water, without aDV tendency to float on tbe surface, and so kill those sheep which may ' be first put through. This composition has been already well tried at borne, and bas I gained a high character there. It is also i useful for killing maggots in sores allowed ' to become fly-blown, and For destroying ticks, lice, and any kind of vermin on sheep or ; other animals. As a dipping for sheep it is j prepared in the ordinary way, by mixing with a small quantity of boiling water at first, and then adding a due proportion of water cold : but no doubt tepid water would be better when it is to be bad. This com position, mixed with a smaller proportion of water, is said to be also very suitable for spotting, as it bas ro bad effect on tbe bands or general health of the persons applying it. After the dipping the wool has a brown tinge; but this appears to be easily washed out, and no harshness of fibre is perceptihle. Altogether this dressing is evidently well suited to the wants of the sbeep-owner in this country, and true scab specifics are much needed, for the disease appears to he spreading more widely than,.ever, not withstanding the operations under tbe new Act. So strange an event as an express train ping literally dashed to pieces, and without iss of fife, seems almost incredible. And et such has been actually tbe case on the ireat Northern Railway. The express rain, going at the usual rate of Forty miles n hour, ran off the metals at Stamford, tore lown the line, and was presently a heap of uins : the engine was " doubled up." and he carriages shattered and crushed and ap larently shivered to mere debris of broken vond and twisted iron. And yet out of the uin were taken some twenty people more or ess bruised and bleeding, but, marvellous to ell. not one seriously injured. It was the custom in the middle ages fur he sovereign to add greater sanction, when ealing his mandates, by einhedding three lairs from his heard in the wax ; and there s still a charter of 1121 extant which con ains in the execution clause words recording .hat the king bad confirmed it by placing bree hairs from bis beard in tbe seal. The Wokder of "The Times."—By a private Utter, received by the present mail, we are put in possession of the folio wing facts :—The circulation of the ' Tunes' pre vious to tue introduction of the penny press, which was to annihilate the old newspapers, was in round numbers 52,000; yet, strange to say, 4 The Times' of iS(;3 reaches the average circulation of 66,000 per day. On the occasion of the arrival of the Princess, the enormous number of P0,0U0 copies was sold, but this was exceeded a few days ; afterwards. The issue of 4 The Times' con taining the news of the marriage of the Prince of Wales reached the fabulous num ber of 11 (j,0u0 copies, to print which 440 reams of paper were used, the weight ex ceeding sixty tons. The entire issue was completed under two hours, at the rate of 66,000 per hour, or 1000 copies per minute. Incredible as this statement may appear to the unintiated, it is nevertheless a great fact. The forms are taken to the casting house, and there reproduced in any number in the short space of half-an-h«ur. A thousand a minute, should the demand arise a million might be produced.— Geelons Chronicle,' Mav 12. 