THEATRE ROYAL. Tho ninth Shakspearean play produced since Mi Barry Sullivan's accession to the management of this houso was presented, on Saturday evening, with complete success. This is satisfactory in moro aspects than tho mere financial ono. It argues a largo appreciative capability for tho classics of tho drama which has latterly been found wanting in older cities. Wo do not believe that such prolonged runs of successive plays of Shakspcare can bo pointed to elsowhere of lato years — always excepting those spectacular productions whoro the splendor of tho accescorios rather than tho excellence of tho acting has been tho attraction depended upon by caterers for public amusement. In fact, tho taste for tho drama, which it was confidently predicted during tho currency of the operatic campaign in Molbourno had hopelessly died out, shows symptoms of com plete revival, and, despite complaints of inactive busiuess and scant profits in trado, tho leading theatre is liberally patronised. As, on tho preceding Saturday night, ovory scat from floor to ceiling had its occupant, on this occasion, to witness the per formance of tho first part of ' King Henry IV.,' gar nished in the bills with tho alternative titlo of ' Tho Battle of Shrewsbury.' This holds a high rank amongst tho historic dramas of Shakspeare, and is classed in what has been termed his second period. A critical authority has cited two of the characters in 'HonrylV.' as oxcollont exemplifications of tho improvement of his latter over his earlier stylo. In tho second category stand tho historical pUys, ' Tho Merchant of Venice,' ' As You Like It,' ' Much Ado about Nothing,' &c.; ; and, treat ing of them, wo venture to quote the following brief but excellent comment: — ' Tho versification m these is moro studied, tho pauses moro artificially dis posed, the rllymos, though not quite abandoned, be come less frequent, tho language is more vigorous and elevated ; tho principal characters are moro strongly marked, moro distinctly conceived, and framed on a deeper insight into mankind. Nothing in tho earlier plays can bo compared, in this re spect with the two Richards, or Shylock, or Falstafl, or Hotspur/' Tho cast of the play, on Saturday evening, showed the strength of tho company at tho Royal in a favorablo aspect. Falstaff belongs rathor to. tho underplot, and has but littlo to do with tho main action of the drama. Although Mr Sullivan's powers wero devoted to tho inter pretation of tho character of Sir John, tho leading parts of Hotspur, tho Prince of Wales and King Henry wero most meritoriously represented by Messrs Heir, Fitzgerald and Ire land. Mr Sullivan's make-up as the ponderous knight rendered him almost irrecognisable. His departure from what wo havo beon accustomed to look upon as his particular lino of characters created considerable curiosity, and ho was watched with critical interest throughout. The result was more than satisfactory, and his Sir John Fahtaff here, as at home, mil be classed amongst his suc cessful impersonations. Clinging with strict fidelity to tho text, every passage was endowed with signi ficant meaning, bir John's incorrigible lying ; his brazen effrontery ; arrant cowardice under a brag gart carriago ; quick wittod — double when ho finds himself detected — wore all pictured with broad effect, which lost nothing in the working of it out in pains taking detail. Tho house., rang again with mirth as Falstaff, hopelessly convicted by the Prince of tho monstrous invention of his heroism during the thieving exploit at GadshiU turns upon him with, ' By the lord, I know ye as well as ho that made ye. * * ? * * Was it for mo to kill the heir-apparent ? Should I turn upon the true prince ? ' And, again, his protenco of having his pocket picked of valuables being exposed — fairly cornered, he confesses ' — in the state of inno cency Adam fell; and what should poor Jack Falstaff do in the days of villainy ? Thou seest I have more flesh than another man, and, therefore, more frailty.' Incorrigible still, ho, tho next moment, turns upon Hostess Quickly, and, ignoring his unfounded accusation of being robbed in her houso, he main tains his position of being injured, and magnani mously offers her his forgivoness, seasoned with good advice. ' Hostess, I forgive thoe: so make ready breakfast ; love thy husband, look to thy servants, cherish thy guests ; thou shalt find me tractable to any honest reason ; thou seest I am satisfied.' Tho philosophic solilo quy on Honor in the fifth act, was tellingly delivered, and thoroughly appreciated by the audi once. We havo never seen Mr Heir to such ad vantage as in Hotspur. There is a sort of fierce rapidity iu his general stylo of acting which ad mirably suits tho impetuous hot-blooded Harry Percy. Throughout the play ho proved himself quite equal to the requirements of a very fine part which, in the death scene, culminates in tragic dignity. Mr Heir, on one occasion, saved an im pending hiatus by cutting short the bungling delivery of the challenge from Henry Monmouth, with an appropriate interpolation which tho audi ence was quick enough to see and to applaud tho ready ingenuity with which it was done. The Prince of Wales was played effectively by Mr Fitzgerald, who seemed most at homo in tho passages where Henry Monmouth assumes his right ful position, and forswears his earlier levities. The one scene in which Lady Percy appears — to be taught a man's opinion of a woman's ability to keep a secret — was neatly done by 'airs King. Mr Ireland played the King with dignity. The subsidiary parts were enacted with care, an d evinced that qualitv of evenness which character ises first performances at the Royal. At the conclusion of tho play, Messrs Sullivan, Heir and Vitzgerald wero respectively called before the curtain, in the order named. The ghost effect, which, now works very effectively, fol lowed; and the fw.ee of ' The Intrigue' concluded the performances-. The Empbp.ss Eugenie, it is said', has dyed hor hair perfectly dark, but tlxs change is anything but becoming. 