LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Tun CONDEMNED CONVICT McCRACKEN.-Up to the moment of tho jury pronouncing their verdict wo had anticipated the acquittal of this prisoner; which expec- tation wo believe was not only enertained by a largo majority of the crowded. court, but also by tho presiding judge. Our contemporary the Umpire approves tho finding, as being fully substantiated by tho evidence; but in our opinion that evidence was not only inconclusive us pointing directly lo tho prisoner as tho actual mur- derer of tho gaol wardon, but its character u\us such as to warrant a vory gravo doubt, of its reliability-such a reasonable doubt in fool and in law ns would have justi tifled mt opposite conclusion. The fate of the condemned now lies «itli the Executive ; anti we enu scarcely think, from the web ol' mystery and contradiction which en volopcd tho ease, that tho extreme penalty of the law will bo exacted. Apart from the incrcdiblo story told by tho blind confine, Bowman, as to M'Crackon's admis sion to bim of his guilt, tbo evidence for the Crown oniy established a caie of strong suspicion, upon which it would have been perilous, if not impossible, to conviot. IMTORTAUT TO VOX.UK EEicnS.-A wido-uwako corres- pondent of tha'Hercld, writing Under the signiituro of " book Out," in Tuesday's issue favours the public «ith ioma interesting, but rather alarming intelligence, respootiug t hu movements of our " recent acquaintance," Admiral 1'opholF, of Urinfcau Celebrity, whilst hero in the Bogntyr. "look Out," with a prophetic oye, evi- dently sees u Russian invasion " looming in the distance," mid mhos a warning voice, and shouts "to firms ye loluntecrs." Our vigilant friend, who 6eenis well up to Miiseovito dodges tissures us that l'opholl", before he popped off', "made good use of his (¡mo in sun eying our const, di epping into our litu-bour intentionally at mid- night, mid without the permission or knowledgo of the "gallant Commander" ol'Iho Mea Witch. This is indeed startling informât'um, mid our only wonder is tbtit after "dropping into our harbour" tit such un unseasonable horn-, Iho gallant. Admiial wasn't drownod ; but wo pre- sumo tiltil hn «tis nu excellent swimmer. " Look Out " then relates bow n Bopholl' " boal's-crew of twenty mcu find oiUcers" had tho "cheek" to enter Botany Buy, and riotunlly " tuko soundings" unknown lo the "gtilluiil commander" aforesaid. AU those doings ore very »lue'c ing, mid make IIB fool very uncomfortable, although no cannot swear that our invaluable " life" is irr any danger from tiloso Muscovita maitcoiivrings. Tho conduct of (ho "gallant commandm* of tho Son Witch," who must have been taking his " » aloh below," and grog too no doubt, imperatively calls for enquiry by a Court Martial. At such a crisis, it is most unfortunate for tho country that our invincible "iluro Admiral" was rash onöugb to resign; for whilst there is a "shot in tho locker," ho would no doubt have contrived soma menus of "saving" ui from the threatened hug of tbo RusBiun Beor. " J.oolt Oui" desorrcs well of his country (as did tlio Roman geese) for ruining tho alorui iu timo ¡ atid os he is a gen- tleman who keeps his "woutbor eye opon," wo beg atrongly to recommond bim to lion Charles as tho makings of a first-vato Harbour Master I ' ltUTLEDOEV'ltri'I,V TO AllBKIlN AND F.JJM0NDSOK ! "Shut up!" .'* -' (AlH;-Blue Bonnets). Slinnie! ehamol Ardern and Edmondson, All the Froneh bonnets, as por your hist order, No'er «'ill be told if you don't go to bed man soon, The Ladies aro not to bo caught by "soft san der." Shut up like Christians, and givo you poor slaves a spell, Moro to your profit 'twill bo in tho long run ¡ Bo not all selfishness-givo not not nll-aceing Bell ' Clime to declaim on so grievous n wrung dono. Put up tho shutters, arid count up the halfpennies Taken cadi day ns St. James's strikes sovon, After that hour bo sure but few stray pennies Into your ootrors will Inmolo, pitase Hoaven I ' Bo prudent in time, lot St. Giles's example Liad j ou to think oir Iho wrongs you're indicting, But if upon publie fueling you trample, T'uko our honoat word 'tis u game you'll bo licked in. PßtrssiAN I'LAyTtrxîn.ss.-Wo aro told Unit in Berlin there livos a fool " in eonfortablo circumstances" who is periodically soiled with a. mania for " bonnotting" his phlegmatic countrvmon, and then compensâtes thom for tho destruction ot theil- "tiles" nt the rate of 8 thaleis each, muoli to the comfort and consolation of Iho " Mountcastlo" of Berlin, «ho considers the fool one of tho wisest mon in tho city. It is computed Hint this " hatters' friend" onnunlly demolishes 267 "billies" lo appease his brainless hobby. At a concert ho beat tinto on tho huts of the "million" until 63 of thom wero put completely out of tuno. "Uonnotting" is n. sport, how- ever, which is participated in olsowhore besides in tho Prussian capital, for our rendors will remember lh» oole bniteil bul-sinnshhig "scono" in our Legislativo Assem- bly some mouths ginee, when several eoiiBcmitho " pimplo covers" fell victim» to the vengoanco of demo- cratic " exciteniont," after an adjournment to tho re- freshment room. At the Into Intercolonial Cricket "Match, the "bonnet I inç" ftensty seized sovernl yentlemeii i who, much to Ula cdilicivl ion of juvenile Australia, in- dulged In ti "round gama" of doslroyiugarticles usually i supposed to cover heads containing brains ! SutTKD TO A T.-An individual of mipcepiihlo toin pcminetit tluiH rhapsodizes in Wednesday's Jlvruld : - " A d-oullemnn, having a proferouco for Indies' society to Hint of his own BOX, rorjuiros partial board anil ''lodging." Wolmvono iloiibl bul-thal bo would lind suitable accommodation hi harmony w ith his wishes du board tbo Ladles' Flpnting Baliteo in tho harbour, tho I fiitr inmates of whieh aro na 'AolorioUslv partial to tho1 opposilo'si'X na ho can reasonably desire. The advertiser can bo fnvourod with a Visitor's Curd on application to Mr ICUtott, at the Preparatory Seminary, IJavliughurst, who " lmiigo out" in that olmrming locality. "OAUSKB OKU-BUKS" AT VUS POH'CK Omen-.», uluiost in variably" hii'pjuma, in. liffHintinn casca hitm, gated at tho Oonli-al I'nliuo Court, when one or both t tilo partios oonrprned ranks a shade'or tnn above tt¡ lower urdor, thnt the oiiipiiry is adjourned Irom Meeki, week, if not altogether lo tin; inodnvenienco of tho iu& viduuls'immediately interested, most unqucstioiiablr j, that of the publie and Die Press.. 'Instance for CXUM the Yiokory and Warner enquiries, which oxtonded oia liionlhs; and tit the present moniont tho ease of Laug), ton v. Roulton, initialed on tbo lfllh ni t., remains undj. turmiuotl, Iinving boen again adjourned from Thursday hist until Thursday next. It would tihuost suggest (¿ idea that one side, was endeavouring to «-cary out tia other, or exhaust ila pnuunlury'resources, of course IMU¡. tipliod by " refreshers" to the legal gentlemen eiigsgjj. This is not thucuso, lioweveë,«beru poraou» in a humula sphoro of life aro concerned. Tho complaint of ¿¡jj, Murphy against Jack Jones or Bill Smith is biinimarilj adjudicated, and either mi or.der is mudo ut the Ont hearing, or tbo information is dismissed. Stifelylle sitting magistrates would prefer sitting from day to (lar, and disposing of sitoh mut tara, in place of prolonging thom for weeks ; but tho lawyers, «hen they lura got hold of n client «ith menus, appear to play with liitn like an nnglor playing with u. (rout, and only land their prey when both his pocket mid himself' aro exhausted. Wo" oll'ui- thíse remarks in I ho hopo that'in futuro such todlons and unntvussury procrastinationw ill bb avoided. Lovi: ia A SWAUI'.-At Grufton recently two )otra» simpletons, luunlly called "lovers" whose parents lad cruelly reluaod to ojnrliuii their entering into a state of connubial bli-s, resolved to do tho romantic, und elop,', mid oil"limy went accordingly, A pair of uiiromuntie policemen were speedily on their truck, and on tho third day lound tbo " blushing lady and amorous gentleman" loiiind tho Rocky Mouth, looking considerably "OOAH in Hie mouth, and hemmed in between a swumji," Hinch, in conjunction willi their empty "breadbaskets," liai cou sideratily damped tho ardour or thoir "first love." 0a being brought in, tho parents of the girl, finding she lui t been completely swamped, « isely eOiiiU'ntod' to IL« \ Romeo .and Juliet of the Clurcilco being " tiod np" secunduni arte-m, und tho miserable youth «bo bud bren . locked np by the polico for stealing the bashful virgin, was hauled off in charge of ii constable to u neighbouring tabernacle whom the breach of good monds committed in tho swamp w 119 skilfully plimtuied over by tho "Iipr, Ebenezer Stiggms," nftor Milich tho bridegroom, liaiiug been " severely admonished" by tho Bench, was ilia charged tosook njtli his "beautiful brido" a moro com' fortnblo voy ol' celebrating their hyincneals than tbey had enjoyed in (ho swamp behiud tho'Rooky Mouth;! " Tut"" Cuni:I THE CVRK! THE FBIIFJ-CT Cr/ns !" A loiter day stiinl, enveloped in the sanctified norata claluro of John Bunion MeCure, his buen holding forth through the daily Press upon tbo enormity committed by the gaol authorities in having permitted the unhappy mau roecnlly oxocuted, Henry Munns, to din in the profession of Iho Roman Catholic Faith. JolitiiBunjun ovidontly religiously believes tlmt such o proceeding ivas tho reverse of a "perfect (spiritual) cure, and that the last ttatc of tho unfortuuato deceased was worse than Iho first. Gentlemen who may hereafter hare the leis fortune to bo condemned to bo hanged, are respectfully invited to apply for a passport to Heaven to John Bunyan McCuro, who will be happy to exchange ' references. PHRENOLOGICAL SCIENCE.-' The erudite dissertation of Mr A. S. Hamilton upon the phrenological developm- ments of the skulls of Messrs Alexander Ross, Charles Ross, Bow, and Munns, as published in pamphlet form, has attracted considerable attention, and provoked ani- mated discussion amongst the lovern of aquatic recreation. Mr Punch has become a thorough convert to the science, and purposes immediately forwarding a pair of sculls to the learned Professor whereupon to demonstrate his theory. Both Messrs Punch and McGrath are fully impressed with the belief that the bumps they occ- asionally experience when handling their sculls during their daily practice on the river, are worthy of scientific investigation. ANOTHER. MiN-iSTnniAl, Brr/BAT,-Tho jolly diggers of tho Northern Gold Fields have had tho good senso to reject, by a scorching majority, "Jim Oskius's" nomlnci-, in spito of the powerful pressure of Ministerial ¿tannin iho political " biler." Wo undorstind that Jim and his oflíciul bencfuctois aro terribly out up, somcl bing like our "minor roads ¡" und no wonder, because for co lan particular reasons, the apparition of Jemmy Buchanan in the IIouso will operate on Ministerial nerve;, as ilid the appearance of JStinquo's ghost on those rf Maubefit. The doleful intelligence was immediately telegraphed lo Molbourno for tho eoiisolutloii^pf^Cbarley, «ho untA, have Won deeply airectrd olf receiving-'iho-couvhieing numbul« i,-Buchanan, 251; Macnnninrra, 100; mnjoriiy »gainst Ministers, G1. Verily ia the Ministerial sun m the TX'i.'rf, mid despite all the iffhrls ol' our "liberal" Joshuas to cause ¡I to "Bland still," it will speedily dis- appear beneath the horizon of universal unpopulnritY, Another "licking" ut the Glcbo, will fill the cup of Ministerial misety lo tho brim, and mako them smart in earnest ! Tniî POXITICIT, Tinip.-Notwithstanding »ho rcfmal of tho lion. John Campbell to outer his " Old Joel" for tho Treasury Cup ut the forthcoming Glebe rae«, tho event will no1 bo a " walk over" for tho ministerial prop, us a lory promising nug from Hie fctubloA of- "our Johnny" will be brought to tho eer.itch. Tho Balmain backers of tho oftlclol fuvourito aro in great tribulation tit this, although (hey try to cover their vexation by ohcerlng theil- spirits » ith thu hope of mnkitig a fortune should bets como oil'"right." Tho batting at Tittter snll's on the great event is remarkably brisk, and "hool uinkiirs" uro ns busy as bees in a bed of VOECS. Vi oin the stnuneirt'iiality of Johnny's stock n despendo lacej's initlcijmfcd i out tho bolting indicates a general, belief that Mr Cow per's "smart Tommy" is safu to get bil "Roland for un O ÜB er I" , ,_!. Hr.-ii AW ! Hn-UAW ! ! Hr.-Ti.vw ! ! !-Once upon n.tüno a Southern prrnehor-, one McC'uro, snld to his slave, "Peter, how did you like my sermon this morning? "Ablmnssn, berry muoh !"5,ou look jes liken lion." " A lion, Voter? Why, you never raw a lion, sir,".-','Oh yes, mussn, Ipeod lum. Tom rido him by hero cbory fjny.' -Why, Peter," that is not a lion j it ia a jackass"- i Well, 'fnassn, 1 can't lieJp it; dnt'a jest tlio.«tiyji.u look." , . . ?,'- I'J . : TIIIAI, TIIIP most BIUIÍXTOH 'io SISOT,TTOX GREAT NOHTIII:I!K KA] W,'l\\-The train started yester- day morning about half-iaat seven, with ,S. wilcox, lCsq., and oevcrul gontluiuen belonging lo tho'firm of Sir Morion l'clo mid Co.,-together with, our respected townsmnn, W. 0. Lesley, Esq., to Branston, for tho purpose of bringing up the Hon. W. M. Arnold, the Minister of Publie Works, and tho 'Engincer-iti-Cluoi' of Railways, . The train went off ata rapid rate, come- timos tho speed was as much as sixty miles per hour. It reached Blaok Creek in twenty minutos, and returned lo the terminus at Singleton 'about one o'clock, being delayed in examining the silos most appropriate for erecting stages for' tho accommodation of passengers on tho line. The Hon. Mr Arnold left shortly'after ho had taken a little"1 refreshment, bnt wo believe not be- fore lie decided upon putting John-street 'iii thorough repair. The timo for opening tho linn for traffic has not yot transpired, but it h gonorally believed it will bo oarly next month, as everything now is in n-gieat stnto of for wurdnoss.-Shylcton Timos. _. .. . -- BOABÜV SHEW.-Wo Imvorocerrod information from a reliable Bource, that lOCO ewes which lrtely nrrived in Maitlnud from Liverpool Pletina, and «ero to have been sold by miction, hare beert found to bo scabby. A speo'al inspector was sent up from Sydnoy by tho Govormnrn ' and on examination found sufficient proof of the oxlal* once of scab to warrant him in condemning the entire flock. On Tuesday, lie, howovor, gi anted tho proprie- tor permission to boil tho shoep down, which was, »e imdorstaml, accepted at ouce : but had thoio been nny demur, tho whole (lock would have boen* burned on the spot. Proceedings will be taken against the owner by the Government, who had aireadv served him with notice lo that affect. The full pnrticnfnis in connection with tin» matter will, therefore, probably soon corhu before the publia.-Afaitland'Mercttrff, April 0. AN Inipir AitáouKur STJIUOK orr TME ROLLS.-Ihe Bubliu Hearder ot tho Ifth January, reports the sinking off tho Bolls, by the Lord Chancellor, of an attorney named William AtoxaiidorM'Kenna. Tho charge against him «as having fraudulently appropriated monies held in trust by him in the estate of ti lunatic, whieh moine» ho had become possessed of by menns of foigod dcrds, for investment in tho purchase of uri Biimiity. 'lhc1nn uully was rogillnrly paid unlil tho death of the lunatic, «heil the fraud was discovered, mid M'Kenua di«a|i pcared, und tBUseiPa fictitious; nolieo of Ins death m London, to ho pubhebed in the paper's, although there «'na good reason foi-believing tlmt Lo «as illl\u,nnd. well ni one of the coliitiles. [We woador if tina gonilemtn eior »¡sited Sydney. Perhaps the Law SooibtJ »ill puk« emmiry.-3£DS. B.L.S.] f ' 3'\ i' ?>' New 2Si'ir Star sa< « :-A parson just i etiirnud* lo IJitlfirifCfrom'New Zunlnud Blutes that ho taiy aOO'HbraoV put up at fi*iotI»u Îit Ihtiicdíu, ali'd so overstocked"!'« "tho, market,* Ihit Hi" Ugliest price offered for thom was jia per heudi Mr A. Carmichael, mid athel* Ballarat mon, had ntarlod. Tor li»" weitem district on a prospocling tour, doleminiïd, if possible, to bieuk now ground foi* themsehc, as other diggings wcro reported lo be overdone." A NKW COTTOJÎ Px.\\*íl'.-The editor of tho Now Orloons Orlennian^ has soon a bull of cotton which deserves the attention of oiiHIvntoi-d on uceo uni ol' its growth und early maturity. On the alst ol' Juno ln»t ¡J ]0rly pluntod in horgurdenn foivcotlon seeds presented to hoi'hy a gentleman. On the 23th ol' July a boll was ready for picking ; mid at the omi ol' six.dJya from th. timo of planting, tho cotton bull arrived ni tn.it iirili, being in loss than ouo- half ol' tho liuieit tnkca tbo speuic, now raised by tbo planters to do so. Tho lady was totally unucqualutod with Hie cultiviition of tho great aouthorn «tupio. Tho soods weru ¡ntroducod by JVlr Anyams from Yucatan, and aro ¡,tylod the " Alicia." Illustrated London News. THE TALI; OF A BUM,.-His Honor Judge lîlake is certainly an unfortunate man. Ile h alwjys sull'erlng from ionio calamities mid nmioyances when ho is on tho bench ¡ ¡t is not long since ho was | rorijiitated into tko collar oí the hotol whoro ho was staying in Albury ¡ soino heart loss vagabond stolo his milk diet tit Wungu \Vüg,,':i j und now lie bus boen nearly gored lo death bj a bull, mid, at the house of a friand too. Mr Uluko wu-i putting up at Mr Gray's, nt Brocklesby, ut his way to Deniliquin, and it so happons that Mr Gmyhasn half sort of pel bull, luirmless to the family, but, possessing n great dis ]¡ko to strangers. His Honor, who always Inn a great fancy to give tho bonoflt of his experience upon the arrangements going on In tho cooking dopartiiiiint, »vus warned to koop clonr of bis bullilup. Tim uthcr day, hiving forgotten tho »varning, the worthy Judge was an ona of his visits of inspection, seeing that iho mutton waa being dono to a turn, und that the tish saneo was being infused with tho ri»hl quantity of Lea mid Perrin. As lio iras leaving-horror of horrors-there wits the horned beast " in tho vory wuy that ho .was going." Bully, having no respect for tho Inn-, made a rush, full butt at tho judgo. His Honor flow ulong tho passage, rcauhed llio «»dour, threw open tho door, fell upon a sola -and fainted! It ¡B said Hint all muht long lie was siilforing from night-bull, and »vas calling for protection, It in cartain tliut it will bo long before he forgets tho ball of Brocklesby.-Albury Banner, April 4. SBKI0U9 APFKAY AT FORBES.-A serious ull'ray took placo at tho Newmurkot Hotel on ilonday night, 'which lias not yet been amicably settled. Ii appeared thal Mr Baldwin bad lately purchased the lease and good-will of theliotol, but_Mr Morris still acted as the landlord, the license bebig in his name, a transfer, not being ettuctcd. ¿r Baldwin returned from Sydney a fow days ago, und look possession. The two lived agreeably enough until Monday evening whon u quarrel about some private Histtor resulted in a fight. Mr Morris was given in charge and lodged in the lock-up, but was shortly ad- mitted out on bail. Mi* BnlJwhi preparad for a quarrel at tlio closing of the house for the night, and provided himself »vith a doitble-bnrrellod gun, loaded and capped. On Mr Morris attempting to close tho doors, Mi* Bald- win told him " once, twice, and tho third time to leave, or be »vould shoot him." Morris, however, turned to fsco Baldwin, who, when about a yard and a half dis- tant, pulled the trigger. Fortunately, from cither tho powdor not being up, or from the dampness of tho cap the gun did not go off. Tho coso was to have been tried 9t tho Police Court on Wednesday.-Lachlan Miner, THE LADIES' PET Boo.-SINGULAR STATE OF THE LAW.-At the Hammersmith Bolleo Court, Mrs Bertha Buxton, a lady residing at No. G, AVood-lano, Shephard s bush, »vas summoned for unlawfully detaining u dog, tho property of Miss Mary Ann Sheath, of me Hawthorns, Utarch-greeii.-Mr Buxton, a youug gentleman, itttonded on behalf of his wife, though she was present during tho hearing of the cuso.-It appears from tho statements on . cither side that the dog, of a lerrior breed, was p urclmsod originally by Mr Buxton, at LeadenhaU-market, for ]0s, and his wife afterwards mude it her pet for sotno months. Tho dog »vua subsequently given to a friend, n lady named Stevenson, with a proviso that it BIIOUUI bo . well treated or returned. A short limo afterwards Mrs Stevenson made a present of tho dog to a young lady »rho sued as tho complainant.-Mrs Buxton'** rlefcnco »vas that the dog lind not been »veil treated. Mr Ingham : You must gii'o up tho dug ; a gift cannot be revoked.-Mr Buxton t What is tho nilcmntivo ? Mr Ingham (to the complainant): What is the vahío you put on your dog P-Tbo young lady did not answer, hut her mother stated that no money could compensate for tho loss of a favourite animal. It bad been tho fav- ourite of her daughter, mid (ho dog had been ¡lining ever since Mrs Buxton had beon In possession of it. Mr Ingham : I am obliged to put it pecuniary value upon tbo dog ; Mrs Buxton nppciirs to think that the dog ought to bo treated as well us an infant, mid luivo ii nuMo-pvovidod for it. Have you provided a nursor (laughter).-Mrs Sheath : I have no1.-51 r Ingham : ïlicn I must assess the value of the dog at 20s.-Mr Hinton immediately ,look out his pin-so und pro- ceeded to pay the amount mcrtiotieJ by lils wor- ship. Mrs Sheath: Can we liuve no îedrcss? Mr Ingham: I am afraid not j 1 cannot order tbo individual thing to bo giien up. The Court ol' Chnn rory may bo able. Would you like to try a suit in Chancery /-The mother did not appear to acquiesce in ? lils worship's proposition, but said sho thought It very hard lier daughter could not recover possession of tbo dog!-Mr Inglium : I recommend her to go to Lead cn htill-markot, »vhoro abo will be ohio to buy some nice dogs at 10s. each-While the defendant mid her husband were leaving the court triumphant, lifter having p.iid Iho Eorcreign, tbo complainant commenced crying, and ap- peared in great distress ol'mind.-Mr. Ingham told tbo mother that ho did not wish to hurt her daughter's feel- ings, but be bud no power to order Hie dog to bo given up.-The sovereign w-as handed over lo tho complainant, who left the court w ith hor mother, evidently disstip pointed at tbo result of tho summons. THE FAMOUS CAPTAIN BAIICTAT.-By this nnmo, without tho affix oT Allardice, »vni rocognisod, in tbo only ptirt of the presont century, a man »\ lioso prido and ''Ictismo It »vas to exhibit tho physical potentialities of human naturo in their highest slro'tch. Knlher oddly, ho represented, genealogically, a man of wholly dilTorenl as- sociations-the colebr.iled Robert Barclay, »vlio, in the reign of Cbndos li., wroto Iho "Apology foi* tito Quakers." It appears, lio»\ci'cr, tlinl both the falber and Bon of Robert weio rotntirUtiblo for their bodily strength. A powerful nthletic figure nus hcrodilnry lo the family. One of Captain Barclay's first noticeable feats- done, indeod, in his fifteenth year-waa to walk, "fair toe and hool," six miles in nu hour. In June, 1601, whon two-niid-tivonly, he walked from his fiimily Foat in Ury, in ICInciirdiiioshirc, to Boroughbeiflgo, iu Yorkshire, a distance of 300 miles, in five oppressively hot diivs. It was on tho 10th of November, in tko same year, that he completed the performance of one of his Inost notable feats, walking ninety miles in twenty-one aud-a-liulf successive hours, on a bet of 5000 guineas. 'Ibis ho accomplished in nu hour and eight minutes "within titne»* without being greatly fatigued. Some yonrs htor, the lakk of walking 1000 miles in 1000 successive hours, a milo within oaoh hour, in which many had bo ' tore failed and nono succeeded, was undertakoa by Bar- clay, mid about £100,000 was staken on the issue. He begin his course nt Nowmnrkot, at, midnight, on 1st of June, and duly finished at thrco p.m., on the 12th of July, amidst a vast'concourse of spectators. Hero, of course, tho shortness of the periods of repose »vas what ««wittutod llio-real difficulty. - The pain undergone by tho gallant captain is understood to liava been oxcossiro. Be had often to be lifted uftor resting ; yet his limbs never swelled, nor did his nppotito ovor fall ; and, five dsys aftor, ho was off upon duty in tho luokloss^Wal clicron expedition. Tho groat athletic amateur "of the nineteenth contury was a frank, honourablu man, io uni- versal cstoom among his neighbours, and distinguished lnmsolf not a little as a promoter of agricultural im- provements.-Chambers' Booie of Bays. 