TDESDÂY, AUGUST 18, 1863. To control the stream of population to direct the course of industry--to redress the wrongs of fortune--to fix a limit beyond which capital must not advance, and to force the penniless to become landed proprietors-these are the high objects which Mr. HEALES has set before himself in his bill to amend the Land Act of 1862. Very few statesmen, we must allow, have attempted so much and dared so greatly. The republic of Plato was, as to its agrarian features, less beautifully poetical. The New Atlantis contained no scheme so perfect of universal happiness. The founder of Icaria had no vision of a society so innocent and happy as that which Mr. HEALES has conceived. To say that he is legislating against human nature, will perhaps be considered by Mr. HEALES a poor objection to so bright a theory. If human nature will not permit of such a land scheme, it is all the more unfortunate for human nature. That inherent depravity which is in man will, perhaps, succeed in demolish- ing a scheme which, regarded with the gross eye of human experience, appears so faulty and absurd. The legislation which ignores the weaknesses of our nature is perhaps as dangerous as that which is based on error or corruption. Legislators are not justified in leaving too much to human nature. Laws them- selves are a confession of human imper- fection. They would be unnecessary if every one was supremely good, just, and benevolent. They are required to meet a condition of things which is as far as possible from an ideal Utopia. They should owe nothing to the forbearance of those over whom they are enforced, but ought to be able to maintain themselves. The most unfortunate state of a country is where a law Can be violated without a sense of moral wrong. A law which commends itself to the moral sense, such as the law against stealing or the law against murder, will never be evaded, though it may be broken; but laws against the development of capital, or against the spread of enterprize, involve no moral guilt, and will be set aside always, without any thought of criminality, just as an excessive customs duty or law of usury is violated. The mischief in all these cases is, that the habit of evading the law is apt to engender a chronic spirit of lawlessness; that the distinction between the malum in se and the malum prohibitum is gradually confounded, and that very instinct of right on which all legislation is founded becomes deadened and corrupted. It is not possible that Mr. HEALES'S scheme can succeed in accomplishing any of the legitimate objects of such a measure. If carried out to the letter, it can be to the benefit of neither the poor man nor of the rich. In insisting that all future settlers on the soil shall be of one class, Mr. HEALES ties the hands of the poor cultivator as effectually as those of the capitalist. The only conditions under which land is to be purchased hereafter are, in fact, even more prejudicial to the poor labourer than to the capitalist. In aiming a blow at the speculator, Mr. HEALES has only hit the bona fide settler. For to whom can the restrictions as to transfer and mortgage, and the clauses as to residence and improvement, be more injurious than to the small settler without means? Of what use is it to give the poor man land at five shillings an acre, if he is not to do what he pleases with it. The liberty of transfer and of mortgage is an essential part of the right of property. It represents a certain-money value, to which the purchaser of land is naturally entitled. Property is in fact no property, which is not free of these limitations. To tell the small settler that he must not pledge his land for money, and yet to compel him to make certain improvements on it, is to take away with one hand what is given with the other. It is incredible that our statesmen in Victoria have yet to learn that simplest of all the axioms of political economy, which teaches us that to restrict the capitalist is to injure the labourer. The present bill is but an elaborate attempt to put into practice one of the most vicious of all the old fallacies. Unwarned by the experience of the past, Mr. HEALES still continues to believe that he is able, by legislation, to create a class of landed proprietors, which shall owe nothing to capital, and which shall be virtuous enough to cultivate the soil exactly after the Government pattern. But does any one seriously believe that the realization of such a project is possible? Mr. Duffy made one elaborate, and, we believe, very earnest attempt of the same kind, but the only result of it was, that the state got rid of a million and a half acres of its best land at considerably below the market price. The people did not get their homes, while other people nearly ruined themselves in evading the law in their self-defence. How can we hope that Mr. HEALES will succeed where Mr. DUFFY- failed? The expectation that four hundred thousand acres will be sold in a year under the conditions required, is as wild a piece of extravagance as was ever entertained. Who is to buy this quantity of land if the capitalist, the squatter, and the speculator are not to do so? Is it supposed that the scheme will be sufficiently attractive at home to bring out a large number of immigrants ? But what has Mr. HEALES to offer to the small farmers and the agricultural labourers of England? The Yorkshire labourer, who earns his fourteen shillings a week, how will he be tempted to go fourteen thousand miles from home for a conditional holding in Victoria ? What is the main incentive to emigration but the desire to possess a piece of land which shall be one's own ? But under Mr. HEALES'S scheme, there is no room for such an ambition. What he offers is not a freehold, but merely a conditional right to occupy; and is there any one so sanguine as to believe that this will be a sufficient attraction to the class at home who desire to emigrate? To call this a liberal land bill is the greatest delusion ever practised upon the working-men of this country. It is a bill which can benefit nobody, and which must hurt the state. As a scheme for administering the national domain, it is much worse than Mr. DUFFY'S. It seems, in fact, to be our destiny to go from worse to worse in all our land legislation. Once having departed from the simple, natural rule, which demands that land shall be sold for its just value, and to whosoever will buy it,' we have become almost inextricably involved in a mesh of confusion, from which it is not easy to discover a present means of escape. We have seen the national estate steadily declining, year by year, and we are just as far off as ever we were from a consistent and stable system of land settlement. While every other colony has more or less easily solved the problem for itself, Victoria is still doomed to repeat year after year the wearisome Sisyphean labour in the vain attempt to regulate that which is not to be regulated - to control what is uncontrollable. Our present attempt, it is safe to predict, is destined to share the fate of all former land bills. The Lower House, under the prestige of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S Government, and from fear, perhaps, of relapsing into still worse chaos, may pass the bill ; but the Legislative Council is bound not to accept it, at least without very large modifications. ================================== We have solved the solemn problem, we have confounded the sceptics, we have created the impalpable,-we have got a ghost. Professor PEPPER, has vindicated the fair fame of the mimic art. He has removed the blot of Sadducism from the traditions of the stage. The philosophy of the property-man will henceforth embrace the immaterial apparatus of the spirit world. The mechanical department must revolutionize its theories and its practice. The shadowy powers of gauze can no longer find a single adherent-a Royal Dane that is not the creature of the lime-light will not be tolerated, and a trap-door BANQUO will henceforth be simply considered a very vulgar proceed- ing. Since the day that Dennis patented his memorable thunder, we have not had such a successful development of the powers of verisimilitude. Stage mimicry is, on the whole, a very clumsy affair, and it does not require very much acquaintance with the critical history of the wardrobe to decide that the moderns are not at all in advance of the ancients in that province of scenic art. There was probably greater progress made in the science of dramatic representation in the interval j between THESPIS with his waggons and SOPHOCLES with his hundred thousand pounds' worth of machinery, than there has been in the three centuries that have elapsed from the publication of the Tempest to Mr. CHARLES KEAN'S revival of it. What human being below the upper tier, however impressible, has ever had the courage to let his thoughts wander to the wig or the padded calf ? Or whoever went to the theatre with the avowed purpose of enjoying what Pope calls the pleasure of being cheated, and found his powers of imagination proof against the mockery of the tin-foil The application of Professor PEPPER'S ingenious contrivance to the stage was accordingly as sensible as it was successful. "We have had flesh and blood in all sorts of impos- sible postures, and under every distress- ing condition. But perhaps the most trying demand upon its faculties is the occasion of its being called upon to put off its mortal belongings, and become a " horrible shadow." Under the old regime, a spectre had but a poor chance of it, even if he was, like BELIAL, " the fleshliest spirit that fell " from heaven." The most teary constitution will acknowledge that it has not been very easy to attach a very pathetic interest to Hamlet's address to his father's apparition. It may be doubted if the most unsophisticated playgoer has not experienced an uncomfortable sensation of humbug on hearing Macbeth challenge a solid Englishman of sixteen stone as an "unreal mockery, whose " bones are marrowless, and blood is " cold." The anxiety of the public to see the novel importation, on this principle of explanation, we consider as significant of a very scientific appreciation of the old familiar maxim,Ârs celare artem. We are not going to speculate on their eagerness on any phrenological grounds. "We have all of us got the bump of wonder, and the line is not a very broad one that separates the creed of the nursery from the philosophy of the Schools,-the children of the larger growth from the children of the smaller. A little investigation, as history shows, might involve a Bacon in the charge of superstition. As every man has his skeleton in the closet, so each of us has his individual ghost, some superstition that we cherish, some undefined "essence "of purer element" that we believe in. The object of our credulity does not invalidate the existence of the superstitious principle in us. SOCRATES believing in his demon, JOHNSON believing in the Cock-lane ghost-it matters little what the idola specus are, the impeachment holds good. Regarding, then, public curiosity on the subject as a spontaneous emanation of public good taste, we are the less disposed to interpret it as a symptom of the sensational mania. It would be an unfair depreciation of Professor PEPPER to regard him as a sequel to M. BOUCICAULT or Miss BRADDON His ghost is really nothing more, or rather nothing less, than an elaborate application of a law in optics, and not to be confounded by any lover of the legitimate drama with the sensational paraphernalia of the "COLLEEN BAWN" or the " Peep-o'-Day." Not that we are disposed to be very harsh critics of the objective school. A good deal of lay-sermonising on this matter, we are inclined to believe, might very well have been spared. It requires a very desponding temperament, or a very poor appreciation of the nineteenth century and its aspirations, to translate the reaction in favour of Italian heroes and English heroines of the Borgia stamp, into a reaction in favour of all the sins of the Decalogue. The part of the public mind which receives its inspiration from the circulating library or the stage, contributes in reality but a very fractional proportion of that great social principle in operation in every community which we designate as the public taste. The literature of fiction, among English- men at least, cannot be considered as either forming or reflecting the national character. The stage can arrogate for itself no such mission as it had in the period of the Restoration. The day is gone by when the play or the novel was the school of manners to the limited circle within its immediate influence. When WHITEHEAD, then poet laureate, told GARRICK-"A nation's taste " depends on you-perhaps a nation's " virtue, too," the mischievous FOOTE responded "Cock- a-doodle doo;" and the response is just as applicable to the gloomy WHITEHEADS of the present day. But if Professor PEPPER is not very likely to precipitate a moral revolution, it is easy to see what sortof literature will be fashionable in the green-room, for some time to come. The manufacture of goblins will become an important industry. We shall continue to have the mirror held up to nature, probably, in the old legitimate way ; but those instances will be selected for representation in which her night-side plays a conspicuous part. Not that there will be any room for complaint. " Hamlet" and " Macbeth" will be none the less palatable for being fairly Peppered. =============================== In the Legislative Council this evening, Mr. A'Beckett is to move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the laws relating to insolvent debtors. The Railway Management and the Real Property Act Amendment bills come on for their second reading; the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill for further consideration in committee ; and the Melbourne and Geelong Corporations Acts Amendment Bill for its third reading. In the Assembly, Mr. Levi is to ask whether a bill will be introduced to enable manufacturers of cigars made from imported tobacco to obtain a drawback of 1s. per lb. on the exportation of such cigars. Mr. Duffy is to ask how the vote of £1,000 for the commencement of a National Gallery is to be spent ; and Mr. Loader.- is to ask what steps are to be taken to remove the Lightning Rock. The first order of the day- "Mr, Wilson, the member for the Wimmera, to attend in his place"-will bring up Mr. Sin- clair's story of bribery and corruption. When these matters are disposed of, the adjourned debate on the Land Act will be resumed, unless the Treasurer should prefer to go on with supply. Yesterday,'s special meeting of the depositors of the late Provident Institute was held in tim Mechanics' Institute. About seventy were present, the Rev. J. Ballantyne in the chair. The special object of the meeting was to con- firm the proceedings taken by the assignees with reference to the prosecution of the directors of the institute. After a statement of the objects of the meeting from Mr. J. Langlands, Mr. M'Dougall moved the follow- ing resolution, which was seconded by Mr. D. Johnston, and agreed to :-" That the meeting confirms the proceedings taken by the assignees in the criminal prosecution of Messrs, Hancock, Sawell, Foxton, and Anderson, and directs the assignees to pay the expenses of the prosecution, or connected therewith, out of the funds of the estate." It was then moved by Mr. Toona, seconded by Mr. Gould- ing, and agreed to :-" That the assignees take the necessary steps under the Winding-up Act to call upon the shareholders to con--- tribute towards the deficiency in the estate." Mr. Langlands then read the decision of the taxing-officer on the claim of Messrs. Hancock and Duffet, which was to the effect that not only the sum of £1,289 paid into court should revert to the assignees, but that the sum of £700, previously paid to Mr. Han- cook, must be repaid to the estate. A letter was also read from Messrs. Duffet and Grant offering to compromise the claim of £1,289 for a sum of £700, but the solicitors to the estate held that the depositors had no powers in the matter after the decision of the taxing- master, Messrs. Duffet and Grant have appealed to the full Court against the master's decision, It was also stated to the meeting by Mr, Langlands, that he had received a telegram from Mr. Foxton, at Sydney, stating that he would sail for Melbourne by the steamer Rangatira to-day. It may be added that the trial of the directors commences on the 31st inst. Mr. Michie, Q.C., Mr. Billing, and Mr. Wood, are retained for the prosecution, and a very large bar for the defence, including Mr. Ireland, Q.C., Dr. Sewell, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Wyatt, Mr. Dobson, and others. It may also be stated that Porter, the late secretary to the institute, is now known to be far on his way to Callao. At Anderson's Creek Police Court, on the 14th, before Mr. Carr, P.M., among other cases, one of alleged trespass on a squatter's run was brought before the Bench. Mr. Oran shaw, formerly the holder of a run known as Paynter's Station, Upper Yarra, was summoned by Mr. Mitchell, the present occupier of the adjacent run, for trespassing thereon, &c.; Mr. England, who appeared for the com- plainant, stated that the defendant had fenced in two acres, and erected certain buildings thereon, situate on his client's run. The plaintiff produced his licence, issued by the Board of Land and Works ; and a Mr. Briarty, who held for twenty-two years the run now transferred to plaintiff, gave evidence as to boundaries, &c.; The defence set up was, firstly, that the land upon which, the premises in question were erected formed no part of plaintiff's run ; and, secondly, that the defendant occupied the said ground in virtue of a business licence. Both statements were clearly disproved. The Bench, in convicting the defendant, stated if Oranshaw had produced before the Court the licence he had described, such a document (which would have been issued under the provisions of the Gold-fields Act) would not entitle the holder to occupy an area of two acres, the extent of Crown lands to be held under such a licence being limited by the mining bye-laws of the district to twenty perches. The complainant did not press for costs, and at his desire defendant was ordered to pay a nominal penalty, upon his promising to remove from the land within fourteen days. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital begs us to acknowledge the receipt of £60, being the amount of the collections made on Sunday last at the Baptist Church, Collins street east. At the Heidelberg Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Warburton Carr, P.M., Dr. A. R M'Donald, and Dr. Butler, John Jackson' remanded from last week on a charge of being illegally on the premises of the Ivanhoe Hotel, was again brought up. Detective Seabridge said he had known the prisoner for five years in Tasmania. He kept a board and lodging house on the wharf, and then went by the name of James Farrell. He was a respectable man at that time. On the 30th of June, 1862 at the City Police Court, Melbourne, he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, for being illegally upon the premises of Arthur Barrister. He believed his real name to be James Farrah. From informations lodged at the Detective-office, it appeared that offences such as the prisoner was charged with were very much on the increase. Police-constable Lawlor said he had caused inquiries to be made at Bendigo, where the prisoner said he had been working; one of his references knew nothing about him, but other evidence showed that he had been working for a short time in one of the gullies there ; he was known as "Little Jack," and was believed to be an "old hand." Prisoner, in his defence, said the offence he was before convicted of was a very simple one. He was a working man, and worked hard for his living. Sentenced to twelve months imprisonment. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, John Hardy, charged with making use of abusive language to Police-sergeant Hodgell, was fined 20s., or suffer seven days' imprisonment, with hard labour. Jesse Taylor, Niel Rice, and James Heffernan, for being drunk, were each fined 10s., or the option of twenty-four hours, imprisonment. Elizabeth Harrison and Daniel Taylor, also charged with the same Offence, were fined 5s each, or twelve hours imprisonment. John King, a carpenter, appeared to answer for being illegally on the premises of J. Rogers. The defendant attributed his being on complainant's verandah to the influence of drink. As he gave a correct statement of his address, and had already undergone two days' confinement the Bench discharged him. The remainder of the cases dealt with were chiefly actions brought against parties to recover small sums owing for goods sold and delivered, and work and labour done. The magistrates on the Bench were Messrs. Halles, Harker, Levy, and Prince. "We have our files from Launceston to the 16th, and Hobart Town to the 14th instant. The Mercury reports a public meeting, of merchants, bankers, and others interested, on the subject of steam communication between King Gjeorge's Sound and Otago, via Hobart Town. It was stated to the meeting that the New Zealand Government were in favour of the mails for that colony being carried from King George's Sound by way of Hobart Town rather than Melbourne, the calculation being that several days would be saved both in the arrival and departure of the mails by that route. Resolutions were adopted in favour of the scheme, and requesting His Excellency to opsn up negotiations with the New Zealand Government on the subject. Considerable jealousy of Melbourne was expressed at the meeting, and much was hoped from the direct trade which Tasmania expects to open up with the gold-fields of Kew Zealand. The agitation for a reduction in the price of gas, which was commenced at a public meet- ing held at Fitzroy a few weeks ago, was followed up by a meeting of the inhabitants of Melbourne last night at St. George's Hall. The immediate cause of the movement is the alleged breach of faith committed by the Collingwood and Fitzroy Company, by charging 10s. per thousand cubic feet of gas. The meeting last night was convened by the Mayor, in compliance with a requisition signed by nearly 600 tradesmen and other gas consumers in the city. His Worship was present, but declined to preside over the meeting, regarding the question as one merely of supply and demand, and not one affecting the general interest of the public. Mr. James Phillips was voted to the chair. Resolutions were unanimously adopted, condemning the conduct of the Collingwood Gas Company, expressing an opinion that the charge of 16s, per thousand cubic feet of gas is exorbitant, and pledging the meeting to support the establishment of a consumers' gas company, unless the existing companies agree to reduce the price of gas to 12s. 6d. A com- munication was ordered to be sent to each of the companies, asking them to reduce the charge to 12s. 6d , and requesting a reply by the 1st of next month. The meeting was then adjourned to the 2nd prox., to receive the companies' replies. A proposition to establish a mission to the natives of the region around Cooper's Creek was submitted, last evening, to a meeting of the subscribers to the Society for the Promotion of Moravian Missions to the Aborigines. The meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute, under the presidency of His Excellency the Governor. A letter was read from Mr. Howitt, the explorer, pointing out the most suitable locality for a station, and giving some interesting information about the country and its inhabitants. Mr. Howitt states that the missionary party should consist of at least six persons, and he estimates the cost of maintaining the station at £600 per year, exclusive of salaries. Speeches insupport of the project were delivered by ministers of various denominations, and a formal resolution in favour of an immediate commencement of the Cooper's Creek mission was unanimously agreed to. The judges and the Parliament of Tasmania have come into collision. It appears that in the course of a late debate in the Assembly, one of the members-Mr. Gregson made use of some strong expressions condemnatory of the judges. The leading journal reported him to have applied the phrase "atrocious villains " to their honours ; but the hon. member subsequently disavowed having employed those terms, and it would appear that what be did say was, that the conduct of the judges had been "atrocious and villainous." Several days having elapsed, and Ministers having taken no steps to vindicate the judges in the House, their Honours met, and adopted an address to the Governor, requesting him to take steps, by message, to have their reputation vindicated in Parlia- ment. His Excellency forwarded to the Assembly the address of the judges, with a message requesting the attention of the House to the matter. A motion was immediately submitted by one of Mr. Gregson's friends, to the effect that the message was a breach of privilege, and that His Excellency had been " ill- advised" in sending it ; but after a warm discussion, the motion. was rejected, and the message received. Thus stood matters at the latest dates-the judges, while Parliament was debating the message, receiving numerous addresses of sympathy. At the Essendon Police Court yesterday John M'Namara was charged by Benjamin Dyer with receiving excessive damages on five head of cattle, found trespassing on his land. The sum of £1 10s. was claimed, and paid by complainant under protest. Two witnesses proved the ground to be very insecurely fenced. The Bench ordered the amount paid to be returned, with 6s. costs.-George Robinson summoned the Rev. D. M'Kenzie for refusing to pay toll at the Flemington-gate. The defendant proving himself to be a minister of religion, the case was dismissed, with 5s. costs. -John Caughill, charged with being drunk whilst in charge of a licensed conveyance, was dismissed, having been in the lock-up since Saturday. An exciting contest took place on Saturday afternoon between the members of the Pentridge Rifle Corps. The victorious ten (outsiders) in the late matches were invited to try their prowess against a fresh team of the Civil Service members, who felt quite confident of being able to find a ten sufficiently good and true to reverse their recent defeats. Although for some time during the progress of the firing, their scores looked promising, fortune was against them ; the outsiders again gained the day, with eleven points to spare The shooting of the entire party was not good, and showed a great falling off from the totals made in the previous matches. The highest scorers at 200 yards were Wilkinson, sen., and Hurlstone, fourteen each; at 500 yards, Phillpot and Dredge, twelve each; at 600 yards, Buzaglow twelve, who was also top scorer. On Sunday evening an accident (which has since terminated fatally) occurred to a boy named Piggot, about four years old, at Brunswick. He was kicked in the back by a straying horse, and though he did not complain much of being hurt, he died in about twelve hours afterwards. An inquest was held yesterday, at East Collingwood, by the city coroner, on the body of John Quinn, a child of the age of eight months. The body having been identified by its mother, Alice Quinn, who said she was a wet nurse, and had placed the child out to nurse, Ann Reid deposed that the deceased had been in her charge for the last three weeks. He was quite well on Saturday evening, when she put him to bed in his cradle. She woke him up in the night, and, after feeding him, covered him up with the bedclothes. About seven o'clock next morning she went to look at the deceased, whom, from the manner in which he was lying, she believed to be in a fit, On taking him up she found he was quite dead, but the body was yet warm. Mr. H. Whitcomb, surgeon, stated he was called in on Sunday to see the deceased, whom he found already dead. From the post-mortem examination he had made of the body, he inferred that death had been caused by suffocation, which, judging from appearances, he believed to be accidental. Verdict-" Death from accidental suffocation." To day the foundation-stone is to be laid (with the usual ceremonies) of a hall for the Oddfellows, to be known as the Manchester Unity Hall. The site of the building is in Swanston-street, opposite the Public Library. The occasion is to be celebrated by a dinner in the evening, at the Australia Felix Hotel, Russell-street. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Fitzroy, convened by the Hon. C. Vaughan, chairman of the municipal council, is to be held at the court-house to-night, to consider the Municipal Act Amendment Bill. The adjourned meeting of the Board of Agriculture duly took place yesterday, but as there was no money to be distributed the crowded attendance which particularized Saturday's proceedings was succeeded by a bare quorum. The Hon. W. H. F. Mitchell took the chair ; and thereupon the Hon. F. Robertson mentioned his complaint, that on Saturday Castlemaine was treated to a severity of ruling, on the part of the chair- man, which was not exhibited in the case of Ballarat, Glendaruel, and Sale. A long conversation for, as usual, the talk could not be dignified by the appellation of debate-ensued, and the end was that, on the motion of Mr. Sherman, the council were requested to reconsider the bye-laws, and report to a meeting to be held on 15th September- next. Dr. Macadam mentioned that on that date he would offer a few observations on the analyses of soils presented by him on Saturday, and an elaborate report upon which was laid on the table. The formal signing of the bye-laws, legalizing the expen- diture already decided upon, concluded the proceeding". Owing to the confusion and hubbub which reigned on Saturday last, two errors crept into our report of that day's meeting. One was, the substitution of the name of Mr. M'Cracken, who is no longer a member of the board, for that of Mr. Clarke ; and the other was the substitution of the name of Mr. Teale for that of Mr. Skilling, in reference to the retirement of the latter gentleman from the directorship of the Experimental Farm. We observe from the Exeter Western Times of the 19th of June last, that the subscribers to the Wills monument at Totness had resolved that it shall be in the form of an obelisk, or memorial cross, and that it is to be erected in a favourite part of the town, called the Plains. The Pastoral Times states that Mr. A. J Howitt, the well-known explorer, is to be made police magistrate of Rushworth. While almost all the suburban volunteer corps have provided themselves with orderly rooms, the metropolitan companies have been singularly behindhand. The omission, how- ever, is likely to be supplied shortly, for the Government have granted a site at the corner of Lonsdale and Stephen streets ; the corporation have voted.£250; and all that is left to be done is for the citizens to come forward with their assistance, that a suitable building may be erected. The proposed room is to accommodate Batteries Nos. 1 and 8 of the R. V. V. Artillery, the Melbourne and West Melbourne Rifles, and the Volunteer Engineers ; and it is well for those whose aid is looked for to bear in mind that the time has come when the volunteer movement needs help and stimulation, and that the time is coming when, as in Tasmania, our garrison may be withdrawn because of the New Zealand war. To-day, the officers heading the movement and the representa- tives of the city will wait on the banks for their subscriptions ; and if the volunteers are to be called upon to keep watch and ward over our public repositores, as well as guard our shores, the richer of our institutions, who have more at stake than others, should not be backward. We have been requested to call attention to an announcement, in another column, that the annual meeting of the Poultry Society will be held on Tuesday evening, at seven o'clock, at the Royal Oak Hotel, when the auditors' report will be read and office-bearers appointed for the ensuing year. All persons interested in the objects of the society are invited to attend. As usual on Monday morning, a long list of cases awaited disposal at the City Court yesterday. A large number of these related to charges of theft, and were principally of an unimportant nature. William Lane, on the charge of stealing a gold watch and chain and two gold pins from the house of Mr. Ford. John M'Donald, accused of stealing wearing apparel ; and Robert Grimes and John Craig, charged with stealing nineteen sides of leather from the tannery of Mr. S. Peardon, at Flemington, were all committed for trial. Joseph Williams, apparently working man, was charged with stealing a cheque for £134, and discharged, as there was not the slightest evidence upon which a charge of felony could be supported. Several cases of petty larceny were dealt with in a summary manner, and some remanded, A man named John M'Farlane, given in custody by Mr. A. W. Howitt, on a charge of insulting and violent conduct towards him while riding in a car from Flemington on Sunday afternoon, was fined 20s. The remainder of the cases related to charges of drunkenness and minor offences. The Warrnambool Examiner states that during the past six months produce to the value of £55,800 was shipped from that port. The items are as follow : -" Flour, £4,385 ; wheat, £15,400; bran, £750; barley, £555; oats, £1,320; potatoes, £20,130 ; eggs, £75 ; butter, £1,805; cheese, £675; wool, £6,020; hides, £510 ; bacon, &c;, £3,285 ; hay, skins, bark, onions, leather, £970." The Mount Alexander Mail says :-" The fourth competition of the Castlemaine competitors for places in the Intercolonial Match was shot off on Saturday afternoon; Lieutenant-Colonel Bull officer in charge. The scores were lower than before, the wind being strong and gusty across the range. The totals are as follow-Captain Couchman, seventy-six; Corporal Newlands, ninety- five; Corporal Cockrem, eighty-one. This finished the first four competitions, leaving three yet to be shot. So far our men stand well for the first ten, all being higher than the town competitors. There are also two competitors at Ballarat and one at Geelong higher in average, rendering it probable that the country will be better represented on this occasion than at the last Intercolonial Rifle Match." The Pastoral Times states that on the 8th inst. the Lower Darling was in higher flood than was ever before known by white men The Edward is also very high, and the Murray at Echuca is fifteen feet above its usual level. The Border Post says :-" Mr. Mining Surveyor Arrowsmith has received instructions from the Mining and Geological Survey Depart- ment to commence a detail feature survey of the territory included in the Indigo division of the Beechworth mining district. According to the instructions, the survey will represent the nature of the slopes In accordance with their relative steepness, as well as relative altitudes, and the sinuosities of the various streams will be shown in detail. This move- ment is preparatory to a complete geological and topographical survey of the district." The committee of the Victoria Jockey Club met last evening, to arrange the programme for the Spring meeting, which is fixed for the 16th and 17th October. The prizes will amount to over 1,800 sovs., and some fine racing may be expected. A new grand race for three-year-olds has also been Inaugurated. At the Victorian Turf Subscrip- tion-room, last evening, business was slack on future events. Mormon and Musidora were in some force for the Champion Race and Melbourne Cup, but double events appeared to be the most popular mode of Investment. ================================ ORNAMENTAL TURNING.-A gentleman who devotes many hours of recreation to his lathe, lately succeeded in turning a conversation. London Punch. 