-WHERE ARE HER FATHER'S BONES?" CHANTER 1. TJVEAT8.0P THE INTRODUCTION. "TwAS a wild, dark night, and the wind howled tcmpetiuoubly round the tried turrets of the old Castle of Ghotttmttin, and swept through the thick, gloomy forests of pine and fir, which encircled it, while the trees bent and rustled with a mighty sound is the wild blast came full upon them. I will not tell you where Ghoetent-tein is, or rather was, for I do not choose to be convicted of geographical error, or of ignorance of the proper forms and customs appertaining to such and such countries, nor will I mention the exact sermon at which the occur jenccB I am about to relate took place ; suffice it to say, that it was some part of the period in which the , chivalry of nearly all European demons thought that true religion consisted in knocking infidels on the head, burning Jews, torturing heretic, and then praying that eternal destruction might behold all who did not think precisely as they did. Of course we know that Storms in the good old times were very shocking thing", particularly near cid castles ; but never was a storm more awful than the one of which I now v rite, and so thought Sir Alphonse- Albert Ferdinand, Comte de St. Einancourt, as he rode through the next row forest path leading up towards the castle, ever and anon bending his blow till the dark plumes of his steel casque almost tickled his nose, in the vain hope that he night somewhat thinks his per- son from the wild deluge of rain which the storm king shed ground in such wild profusion. " By Saint Derby of Epsom," muttered the bewildered and half-drowned knight, the boats all the time in Palestine, and if thou, my trusty Deerfoot, dost not soon be me on thy gallant back to you haven of rest, I fear I shall be washed away ; as it is, I shall not be seen me as a gallant knight should, when ushered in the presence of the fair and highly (Lucinda Lady AmandumÍF.e, for I have brought back no changes of raiment with me from Tales line, and on by are clean shirt. I em only now freed from the verna I have kept for two years past to live in the odour of sanctity, abjure washing, shaving, clean linen, and matrimony, and thus my wardrobe is in a very poor condition, and I did not reckon on this form spoiling the few things that are. Ten thousand plagues on Epliraini Manasses, for not giving me that maroon velvet suit, which would have just done for use at this critical juncture. Ah ! let me once get Ainnndnttiine and this castle for mine own, and I will pledge my word that the old scurvy rascal's thumbs and toes Stillwell pay for his daring to doubt my knightly honour." As he (spoke the knight clenched his fists, and dug his spurs with renewed vigour into the bleeding rides of his jaded stood. While he is hurrying on towards the castle, we will leave him to obtain admittance there, while we penetrate at once into the sanctum sanctorum of Ghostcn stein, even into the bower chamber of' the Lady Aman strain so "Valentin. ClUriBR II. TREATY OF THE HEROINE. She sat moodily near a window looking out on the Moral and her maidens finding their mistress dis- inclined for their society, and having, like all serving women of all from, a nervous honor of the light- ing, had huddled together at the farther end of the department. Our heroine, of course, was handsome, but now an expression of deep sadness sale on her brow. At times she muttered low, then sighed, and again whis peace such words as these : .' Must I always be alone ? Ah, Alphonse ! I have not forgotten thee, though two weary years have sped their course since I beheld thee last and now, though I am my own mistress, thy love is as impossible to me is over. Oh, my father's home ! my father's bones ! woe ! woe ! " And thus she sailed on, while the storm rattled round the castle's turrets, and waved her long hair in the breeze es, regardless of influenza, the Dent her lovely form towards the open casement. She was here interrupted by her page who, bow- ing low, informed her that a knight of' noble men craved the shelter of the castle for that night. Most willingly, responded the lady. "Bid (them prepare Rll in readiness for one guest, end let the supper be served forthwith in me great hall. Did he tell thee his name and condition, my pretty page?" "No, my lady, the knight regretted having left his card-case at home, but blade mc bring up his gauntlet, saying that thou wouldst know to whom it belonged." She languidly gazed on the gauntlet, and when she beheld engraved on it the device of two turkey cocks rampant and a donkey couchant, the blessed train broke on her mind, and she started up, ecstatically exclaiming: 'Tis he, my Alphonso ! oh, joy! joy! Hear Beatrice, Mary, Elfleda, all of ye, haste hither, bring me my gayest robe, and deck me be for a festival." All traces of sorrow fled from her speaking counts one, and she was once more the bright, the sparkling Amar damine, Shall I describe their meeting ? No, there is something too sacred in such things for me to tell, or for you to hear, All was love ! joy ! rapture! bliss! is , c," and the young people were most uncommonly tender. Old Father Eustace, who enacted the part of guardian to the youthful heiress, felt his old eyes water with tears of sympathy as he gazed on their Jioppineis. At last they sat down to supper, A most cosy little party. Alphonse (enchanted to hear from the seneschal on entering the castle that the Baron de Valentin, who had always opposed his suit, had died a year ago, so that now all obstacles seemed cleared from his path) was playing the agreeable to the best of his abilities, and being besides very hungry, he was exceedingly busy in deposing of the good things before him. Having finished the first plateful, he turned to the press', saying : '* Reverend father. I will trouble you for a little more of that pasty-there were nothing but bones-" Here he was interrupted by a groan from Aman daming, who sank back in her chair. "My love, my fair one, what is in?" asked the knight. " I forgot, I forgot " gasped sh?. " My father's by sea. Oh, Alphonso, I can never be thine." " Why not, my adored one r " " Because-because," sobbed the maiden, because of my father's bones." "Became of your father's boneS exclaimed the almost petrified knight. "Father Eustace, is that delicate mind tottering on the throne of reason is my beloved one distraught ? " The priest shook his grey lead, and replied, " Alas ! Sir Knight, She has good cause for all her Borrow." " YeB, shrieked our heroine, " I have, I have. My father's bones- my father's-" But here her feelings overpowered her, and she sank on the ground in strong convulsions. In vain the distracted lover bent over her in vain the priest sprinkled water on her pure, pale brow. At last they summoned the maidens, and she was carried from the hall, leaving the knight alone, and in a most uncomfortable frame of mind. Soon, however, they brought word to him that the Lady A. was bitter, and prayed that the noble Comte de St -Erntncourt would be easy about her, as the was almost recovered. Hubert, the old seneschal, who brought this message, asked if he might show him to his room. "Yes-No, I would fain see Father Eustace," said St. Ernancourt, who was naturally anxious to find out the mystery. " You cannot see him to-night," replied the old man, his reverence has just been summoned to attend the dying bed of one of my lady's vassals, and he will not be at home till the-morn." "Lead the way then," growled the comte, but when arrived in his room his curiosity overcame his dignity, and he asked, " Hubert, what is the matter what's all this mystery " " Ask me not, my lord count," replied Hubert in a low, agonised tone ; «. I would fain neither speak not; even think of aught that happens here, my attachment tommy young lady alone inducing me to stay in this C* .^"t let ling that he had already said too much, he tried to leave the apartment. "Stay, old man ; tell me more 1 " " I will not," firmly replied the old retainer. " I pray heaven, Sir Knight, that you may rest in peace, and with you a good night." Then shaking his head seriously Hubert left the room muttering, but so as the knight heard him, " Don't he wish he may get I CJUMjm III, THREATS OF THE KNIGHT. ! uri y?Pii?a8alïî tbÍB.->'ery," thought the knight, when W!? S exPected opposition from the ' baron hunt elf, but, somehow or other, when dead, he itefnv?l,a ''V»?'0 formidable antagonist. What does a annean; Is Amandaminc always going to have these are! a 'PallhaVC a collar of ". The £7 v . ' v00',iMmed even to hint <.? my night's rest being disturbed, and did not even deign to do what The Jung he proceeded to take a minute survey of his apartment, looked under the bed, TepedS theoídtaX»EeF'vFrvlb^ shins SE of of doors waS" ^»BSCtiTe of concealed USSR 77 TOned the cesspit and looked her precipice which went deep down serT/er/ four hundred feel to the banks of the river beneath, so that even when the moon shone brightest you could scarce penetrate the black darkness beneath. "Hum," muttered the knight, " no fee can assail me from without, and within I will take care to make all receive." The closed the lattice, securely listened end barricaded kedges, and slowly uncoiled himself from his heavy armour, his lighter garments having been so saturated with the heavy rain, that he had been compelled to sit down to supper without putting on the dress coat of the tent cl. Hythe way, what a nuisance dressing and undressing must have been in the good old days ; instead of slipping off a Lincoln and Bennett at a moment's notice, it took a gentleman an age to doff his steel " tile," and heaven knows how long for his other colonies Our poor knight puffed and panted, when at last he was emancipated lie in his heavy afire, and then he addressed himself to his devotions, which were soon accomplished, for he did but take from his neck a golden chain, to which was suspended a small bag em broadened by the fair hands of Amandamine herself in former happy days, and which contained the pickled tip of St. Alphonsus nose. Then muttering a few prayers to this holy relic, he put out his light and jumped into bed. 'I he expiring fire flickered and glanced most disagreeably, bringing out all sorts of queer shame in the faded tapestry told on the blood- red hangings of the ancient and truth to tell stuffy bed. For long he could not sleep, and lay listening to the storm which raged with greater fury than ever. It was an nw ful night, the frequent gusts of wind and the loud peals of thunder, while the vivid flashes of lightning, which, as the fire died down, played incessantly around the chamber, threw a lurid glare on all the surround- ing objects, and served to make the after darkness more terrific the awful silence being, perchance, succeeded by the noise as of cataracts of water plashing against the walls, and then again the thunder, raids on. fSH The knight was very weary, and at last, despite the noise, was beginning to feel drowsy, when-lo ! n sound quite distinct from all the other sounds made itself heard ; it was three distinct blows on the casement. 'Die knight shivered and drew the coverlet closer over him. .-".--~ 1 " 'Tis but a bird flapping his wings against the lattice, he said, to comfort himself. But Again, amidst one of the solemn pauses of the tempest, was heard the three knocks, and then a groan. The knight groaned in conduct, and you need not laugh steamer to doing. I doubt if any one of my readers would much relish hearing such sounds at such a time, and in such a, place, more especially as our poor hero had fully nscer'nmetUhefnct that nothing human could touch that window from without. " Oh, I do hope it is a bird, he muttered once. she knocks were now renewed, not three only, but a perfect torrent of blows, and at last a voice wailed forth : "Let me in. Let me in." " 1-1-daren't," gasped the count now fairly covering his head with the sheet. " You must." " I can't." " You shall." 1 shan't." " Very well then," said the Voice. " I wanted to come in peaceably, and have no row, but it is all your fault, so here goes." Then came a tremendous crash, the shutters were forced inwards, find by the electric glare of the lightning, the knight beheld a figure leaping so, and then all was black darkness. CH.UTER IV. TRIALS OF THE GHOST. " Look at me," said the Voice, " I can't see you, it is so dark," replied Alphonso, with a quavering voice. " Very well will soon amend that," and in a trice, the light as of a burning torch was diffused through the room. The figure had but seized one of the pine logs, and rubbing it lightly with his forefinger, it had instantly ignited, and now burned with a sulphurous smell. " jYoifi, look at me " i St. Ermmcourt slowly raised his head, and almost shrieked at the spectacle before him. It was that of a tall, gaunt figure, on which hung loosely sundry garments of knightly armour in a very charred condition ; the face was office hue of the grave, the long tangled locks hanging round it, but the worst of all was the fierce glance of despair which gleamed from his dark eyes. St. Ernoneouit gazed with honor on that face and form, and as he looked the recollection flashed on him that he had seen those stern lineaments before, and starting up, he exclaimed : " The Baron de Valentin !" "Yes," replied the spectre. "I was the Baron when on earth, and now I am worse than nobody. Listen to me Alphonse Albert Ferdinand, Coats etc St. Eir.ar.court. I always opposed your union with my daughter on account of the ancient feud with your father's house, but now I will withdraw all opposition to your alliance, if you will do something for me." "Shy on," stammered the knight, as well as his tenor would permit him, anything consistent with my knightly honour, I will do for her sake. .' Give me my bones," said the spectre. "Your bees," said the knight. "I never had them ; besides, you are in them now." No, I am not," replied the defunct baron, while the ghost of a smile flitted across his face. "They lent nee these down below, but they don't fit at all comfortably. I will tell you all about it and, it you please, will take a chair, for I am rather tired. You must know, that in consequence of my having killed five hundred Turks, roasted sixteen Jews', and given 15,000 lbs. of the best wax candles to the convent of St. Joseph, which is close by our Reverend Father, the Pope, sent me a letter promising me only a month's detention in purgatory. Soon after that I died of drinking, as you know, and my spirit went below, are pictured, as patiently as it could all the decayed. suns of my situation. Being a good Catholic, and conversant with our faith, you are doubtless aware that it is the custom of nil suffering souls at the end of their purgatorial penance to return to their burial place, chine themselves in their Risby garments, and then repairing to the regions below, they present themselves to the ' Old Gentleman,' who sets them at liberty if their credentials prove to be correct At the end of my mouth I flew eagerly to 0114- family vault, and lifted the lid of my coffin. To my horror I perceived it was empty, and I vainly searched the church and churchyard. I could not find my body anywhere I should have fainted, only spirits can't forget themselves, even in that way. I can assure you, Sir Knight, that the impossibility of oblivion, either by sleep or fainting, is one of the greatest tortures of purgatory. Weary of my useless search, I at last returned to the infernal regions, and sought and obtained an interview with One I would rather not mention, for they say when you talk of him he is sure to appear." [Here a faint chuckle came from the corner; but neither the Knight nor the Ghost heard it, so the Spectre went on with his story.] I told him that I could find neither my body nor the Pope's letter which was buried with me, but assured him over and over again that I spoke the truth, mel begged him to let me go as my month was up. He either did not, or could not believe me in fact, was not at all gentlemanly about the business, so most wrongfully I have been kept below now quite a twelvemonth, and I see no prospect of release till my bones are found. I assure you," said the Spectre, beginning to whisper, "I am very much to be pitied ; you t have no idea what unpleasant company I have to keep, and what a painful life it is. The only thing I am allowed to drink ia Juan de Brimstone, and it is not nice. One privilege the de-, he, I mean, allows me, is every now and then to revisit my former haunts to this borrowed set of bones. Of course, the first use I made of this liberty was to visit my daughter, who, I was pony to nay, has been subject to hysterics ever since ; but she has behaved very well, and has promised never to marry till my bones are found. knew in this way lay my only hopes, for I remembered how I you loved her, and the castle. So I determined to pay a 11 this visit as soon as possible. " What am I to do V' said the unhappy knight. I I would willingly help you, but I don't know anything about your tones " "hut I do," Mud a voice at his elbow, and turning his best c1, the countbc-he- ld the-don't start, gentle renders -beheld the black gentleman ini^opWojimoiiu, hours, aloft in', and all. The Ghost stormed in a perfect rage of passion. " You old rascal ! you villain " thundered he is to you have been cheating me all this time." " Of course I have" grinned the Demon ; " it is my sole business and pleasure to cheat you all. However", I mean to be kind for once, and will even give you your bones, which includes giving your daughter to this young gentleman, provided he will grant me one little thing," " Name it," said the Ghost. . " 'Tis but a little thing," said Old Nick, " on grant- ing it the knight shall have all earthly blessings, and you the spiritual ones you cover." " "Whetisitr," asked the knight. 2 2s Promise to come and stay with me, at my Chateau el Enters. as soon as you are defunct, and brine your hair lady with you, I will give you both a record recep- ' son. (The fiend chuckled at his01m with) "Here sign this paper, just one scratch of the pen, and all shall he as. you wish " "Oh, Alphonse, pie are done," said the Ghost who m sorry to say the owed the plan he had always adopted, and only thought of No 1, " No, by my knightly honour ! No, by all my hopes of heaven" swore the knight " Very well," replied the Old Gentleman, I have plenty to do down below, and so must go , but you will think better of it by to-morrow, so I will call again, at this hour to-morrow, and get your final answer. Come along Old Bone," said he scoffingly, to the baron, I can't part with you yet," and seizing him by the throat, the Demon and his protege vanished, leaving the knight in a state of mind more easily imagined than described CHAPTER V. THREATS OF THE BLACKS GENTLEMAN. The Demon was quite correct when he stated that he was exceedingly occupied just the He was so much so?, that he quite forgot his little appointment with the knight till within ten minutes of the hour, when calling one of the minor lamps to him, he commissioned him to get the knight to sign the document, impressing on him to be sure not to reveal the secret of the lines till the paper was signed He added " He is such a foolish young fellow, you won't have much trouble " The little imp put on his greatest brimstone suit', and set off on his upward journey He master ought to have remembered "that there is nobody like oneself at one's own wedding," he would have reconnoitred best he entered the knight's apartment, the imp, au soutane, who had only been 500 years in his employ, at once slipped into the room, and at once found out his mistake The room was blazing with wax candles, and it the farther end stood the knight, but not at me, is there were Father Eustice, the Abbot, and twenty men of the convent of St Joseph, in all the priestly vestments, with ioui-and-thitty little chon bless all clad in clean linen stoles," and ill waving their censors to and fro in front of this ectle ustical array were at least one hundred gallons of holy water, in golden and silver vessels, while above them were suspended sundry holy relic-, above all, the famous reliquary of St Ursula?, c maining a hair of his sacred eyebrow, and a parting of the nail of his sanctified great toe. No word the little fiend stood aghast, at, though he Bli over to rush away, salt spell- bound "I am my cold, he shivered, please let me so" "You shall be colder presently little devil," said the abbot, " is you don't immediately fail us where are the baron's bends " " If the knight will sign this document, I will tell you at once," stammer red the imp Not a word did the abbot say in reply, but he beckoned to the choristers, who with one accord raided the air vessels, and showered at least twenty gallons of holy water on the poor little wretch " Oh don't, don't please don't thurs mess, and makes me so cold, and I am no: accustomed to be cold I'll tell anything, anything," the little devil gasped forth " It was reputed that valuable jewels were buried with the baron, so the robbers, inspired by my master, determined to dig up the body, but while they were examining it outside the church, they heard noises, ardebcaped with the body into the flies', and and but I dare not tell, I shall catch it so from him," said the imp, gaining courage as the effects of the mad brute began to go ere " Repeat the close, ' said the abbot, and again at least forty gallons were cast on the miserable little fiend who, almost beside himself, sobbed forth, " They buried the baron beneath the largest oak in the forest May I go now " You may," 'aid the priest, and the poor little fiend gladly) vanished, though only, I fear, to getintovery hot water below Theviholcof clio simply company repined father h to the forest accompanied by the Lady Amaudamine, and there beneath the oak to-day the skeleton formed the baron, and clenched in his bony right hand was the Pope's letter As soon as the body was disinterred another figure was added to the group It was the Ghost, who could scarce contain his joy at seeing his owner contain "Blccsytu, my children,' croaked he, turning to tneyonngcoup'c "May you be very happy ' ' Shall we often see you again, sir," asked his daughter, who, however she might have esteemed his father While living, certainly did not wish to see much more ofhimundeT the present circumstances 'No, my deal," replied the baton, " I shan't come on earth again, and though I confess I should have liked to have quaffed at lent one goblet to yours and Alphonso'b health, I must give it up, I have now no reason for complaint, and am very well content, and much obliged U all for the trouble you have had " So saying the baron took up his roses, made a very polite bow to the wh' le company, and disappeared from the scene And I, the author of this, cannot do better than follow the spectre s example, as I have finished my Story, andhavetiothuigmoreiosay -Once IVeeh 