ENGLISH SPORTING KEWS. (FE03I OVE. OWN COUUBSPOHDF.HT.') .London, 27th April, 1863. The race meetings nntorior to Northampton nro but as the BkirmisheB which precodo a general action, but when wo havo^reached tho great ehoemakini! depot, wo find ourselves fairly in the thick of tho nj-ht. Barring the starting, which bad been gradually getting from bijd to worse, and which ut Northampton was so abomin able ns to lead one to hope that the culminating point had beon reached, nnd that the old axiom, 'when things. get to the worst they are sure to -ni»n(l *' was nVinnf. to ho oxomnlified. Aq of course nt this early period of the teaaon it is the object of every stable to 'get a lino' to i?o by, there is nothing wonderful in tho Trial Stakes, with which the Northampton piocoeding'sopcnod, having attracted a good field ; bncstill, though its numerical strength— half a scoro— was nothing extraordinary, tie quality of tho competitors waB euch as wo shall not look upon again in a hurry in a race of a Bimilar character. ABtcriod, Le Marccbal, Atherstonc, Soapstono, Ivanhnff, Queen of thn Vale, and General Hess, ai'o high class animals to bo found contesting lna£!0 sweepbtakes at a provincial meeting, whilo the three that mado up 'the tottlo of tho whole,' Tulurno, Wetland nnd Change, aro above plating form. Asteroid, who looked mngnifttiont, and aa a ' Triton amontr minnows,' won iu grand attle. Lord Stamford's oolt, Lo Maroelial, getting Fecund honours, nnd Atherstonc, who got off badly, oomiug homo n good third. Aurelinn was looked upon aa good enough to land tho North amptonshire Cup, while Revolver was regarded as his incst dangerous opponent ; but, to tho joy of tho ring, Millionaire Eeeuiod to liko his new colours, nnd won cleverly for Mr. Bryan, who purchased the horso at tbe end of ln-t season from 'Lord Freddy,' tho latter having beou completely disgusted' at the repeated disappoint ments Millionaire caused him. The Whit tlebury brought out another strong Hold of 'trial noises,' I/Uh IUJU3 HUiU I1U1II lllllUtl^a,. I-UU »HU-J|-WIUD. Livingstone, with Sam Rogers, in Lord Stam ford's colours, was tbe Uvoarito, while Cairnca^tlo represented Mr. Kerry's sittble ; Stockbroker went to obtain n l'eoler ? for Godding's lot; Villafranca appeared iu tho l'rench interest, wh'lo Sir Joseph Hawloy, Baron Rothschild, William Day, Lord Coventry, Mr. Payno, etc , had each sent something by which they might 'feel thopul6o'of their opponents. Tlio winner wps not, however, among thoso I havo enumerated, but was found in another of i1r. Bryan's, viz., Fantastic, by Hesperus, who dis posed of Cairncastlo and Livipgstono uf'tor; n sharp struggle, the nthers boinc boaton off. Fifteen jiclceys sportod Bilk for the Northampton shirs Stakes, of which Knutaford and Brother to Springbok were most in request. The former indeed was backod as if ' tho thing wag over,' whilo itho popularity of the lost- mentioned animal aroso irom ni3 navmg aono an snni no wns asked to do with AtharBtono. Tom Olllver'a mare, Fairwator, notwithBtanding her cruiihinp; weight of Sst 101b, had plenty of friends, nnd right gallantly she pulled them through iu the raoe, for Custance waited with her in a good placo throughout, and then made uae of her fino speed at last to win quito easily. Attaman was second, and Goose third ; Knntsford and Brother to Springbok tired early in tho raco, and Grimston oould not net a bit. That tho rsce was run at a strong pace is proved by tho fact of the two miles having been done in 3 min. 39 sees. It is somewhat Bingnlnr that Cuatanoe should have ridden the winnora of tho Cup, tho Whittle bury, and the Stakes, consecutively. A match for 200 sovs, half forfoit, betweon Lord West moreland's Manrico, i yrB, 8jt 71b. and Ten Brotck's Bitoraan, 3 yrs, 8st, producod some lively speculation, and demonstrated tho nklll of the match makers by ontling in a dead heat. After this result, tho match and all bets wero, by tho Newmarket rules, 'off.' Tho Racing Stake?, on tho second day, fur throo-yr-old3, intioduced us to King of Utopio, backed at longish-prioeB for tlio Derby throughout the winter,- Golden Dust, who ran woll as a twoyr old, but who noarly killed hor owner, Mr. Brayloy, by a kick, tho other day, Le Mareohal, Gunner, Middlewatch, and Dunkold: Thia lastn&ijifd; nnimnl was tho worst favourite of the lot, but, to the surprise of tho clever ones, he galloped clean away from his horaos, Golden. Duat a bod cecond, nnd King of Utopia third. Asteroid having nmlM tlin ft tn 1 lnid nn him for thn O-ifion's Plato, by boating Ivanhoflin a canter, seventeen youngsters drow up for tho Althorp Park Stakes, Molly Carow, by Wild Dayrcll, nominated by, but not the property of, Mr. J?. Rowlands, being a rattling favourite at 0 to 2. After a little timo had been cut to waste, the lot got away well together, and tlio crack just pulled through after n slashing ECt-to with Midnight Mass nnd Sister to Queen of tho Vale. Tho start for Enrl Spciicer'd Plato was, perhaps, tho most disgraceful ever soon on a roBprctable racecourso. l'or an hour did Mr. Marshall, aided t-y tho Earl of Spencer, endeavour to reduce the rofraotory jockeys to obedionco to get them in line, but all to no purposo, and at last they bad to enmrnon Admiral Rous to their ossia'.anoo. Tho Admiral at onco took tho flag in hand, and almost as nnickly dropped it to a very indifKsront start, ndv dliltntt: nnrl filnnnrnhw having n ploal'. Tpfli*1. of which they made good use, and wero never doprived. Tlio remaining items were unimpor tant. Croxton Park, aa usual, found an imposing array of supporters among tho 'upper ton thousand,' and tho sport there 'aw'very fair, but still not such us to call for vory especial notloe, when so mauy moro interesting events have to come before ub. The Grand National Hunt SteeplochnsoB, at Market Hnrhorough, with regard to which tho trnmnct of fame had befcrc-hand riven forth no 'uncertain strand,' enmo on for decision tbe very day that the last mail loft. Unfortunately, despito ita nristocrntio prestige nnd the support nnd patronage it received from tho Steeplechase reformers, there is no denying tha fact that the National Hunt Chases woro a failnre. Of the forty-three original subscribers to the Corinthian Cup, only five came to tho post— Penarth, last; Bridegroom, 12st 21b ; I'rniik, list 41b ; Molly Aatbora, lCBi lllb ; and Tho Czar, lOst. Bride groom didn't seem to act as well in Kuott'a hands as in those of his old pilot, Mr. Burton, while Frank and Molly Asthore tired under tho weight over the severe Harborough country, so that the race was eventually left to Pcnarth and The Czar; and unqucstionablyfiood aa Pennrth is, ii was asking too muob of him to civo away Hat to a fair animal like The Crar, when ridden by an consummate nn artist aa Mr. Goodman, who, I may remark en passant, rod» thrco out of tho four winnors thai day. It must havo been rather ' nuta' to tho old tiwhioncd lightweight thcomtR to find only fiva go for the Model Handicap, nr.d thonto boo 'the feather' carry off tho prize, becanso tho '' flrat-class hunters,' for which de scription of animals tho raco was supposed to have bocn especially de-igned, wero crushed by tho weinhts. The Matkot HarboroMKh pooplo rauit not, however, despair. Rome w(is not lmilt in a day, and on this occasion they hid several unfnrsoeii obstacles to contend a^ninot. Passion week, as usual, causod nn ' l;iatua' in tho turf chronicle, thoro being nithing doing except a few neoond-class steeplechases, possessing nono but locil Interest ; and I may as well , therefore, tslc your readers to accompany me at onca to tlio opening meeting at h«ad-quartor« on tho Cth inst. Although the Craven meeting at Newmarket oxtended ovor five day, aud that n large number of events woro down on tho card for decision, I cniniot pronounce it a success, as, with very few exceptions, the quality of the competitors wns but second-rate, and the results of tbo evontB decided wero singularly void of influonco on forthcoming events. Campsrdown, a worthless brute, waa established aa favourite for the first raoe, tho Crnvon Plato, but ho never had a chance, Lord Stamford winning very eaiilly, with Romanoff, nn own brother to Ivan hol)', who ran ao big nnd short of work thit he wa3 friondlosa In tho ring, his lordshiu himself only invcstlnfj a tenner upon him. This wna the firet time tho winner was Bjddlcd in public, but should he be lucky, and go on well, ho may yet mako a noiso in tho world boforo tho Doncastor St. Lozor is over. He ia not in the Derby. »B«tau Uotli3aWhJl8 Host, by Orootes, brought his party back sorao oTtho money thoy had droppod about him at Northampton, by boating a field of soventccn clovorly in » handicap over tho T.Y.C. The ' now trial' between Livingstone nnd Fantastic ended in a confirmation of tho North ampton verdict, tto liandtjomo roarer being unablo to got out of the way of the speedy son of Hesperus. It having been rumoured at sundry tinips that Mr. Saxon had m treasure in Jerrv. and the said animal having been backod for the Derby nt onteids prices, it was nvurally looked upon somethiHR llko finding money to lay 7 to 4 on Jeiry nguliiut, suoli nn animal as Water Kelpie, but, to the surpriso of the knowing ones, Water Kolpio won without nn effort juot as far os she plenscd, and bIic wai afterwards purchased by Mr. Swnn. In the 10j sova RWPOf.stakcs, King of tbe Volo boat Oscar and Gladstone with tolorablo case, nnd Mr. Cartwright's Scamander. having walkod ovor tor tho ouco celebrated Piiddloswortb. Stakes, the ilr»t day's sport was brought to a conclusion. Dr.nkeld having only Mr. Fleming's Gold Duat— not to bo confounded with Mr. Urayloj'ti Golden Dust— and Equinox to moot in tho first raco on Tuesday, 5 to 2 waB laid freely on him, but Gold Dust waited on him and won at last iu she liked, to tho dismay of those who had been rushing to back Dnnkeld for the Ulioator Cup. Bright Cloud, a Derby outsider, wsw looked upon an quite able to polis oil' Cerintha nnd Cnunce, but Sam Kogcra's fine riding of Ccrinthn just pulled Lord Stamfoid through. Tho ring oelectod Oncsantlor, Lord Stamford's representative, ns tha favouiito for the Biennial, but although tho form of the entire lot that started — thirteon — was modorato it) tbe extromo. Onesandcr only succeeded in cetting a furth placo. The Rangur, by Voltigour, proving tho best of tho bunch, while Mr, Merry's pair, Gladstone and Esoipe, BO|iarated him from tho fnvourite. Until within o very few days the Newmarket Handi cap had beBn, bookotf as o moral certainty for Lord Glasgow's colt by 'Soung Melbourne, dam by Gam=boy out of Physalis,— for tha sake of brevity oommOHly stvlcd 'tho Physalis colt' — 03 thin animal was said to ' have beon bo highly tried with Makeshift and Beauvnlo, under tho oxporionccd eyo of Mr. Payne, that ho 'couldn't lose.' As tho time fur tha raco approachod, however, Mr. Ten Broeok and hia party brought Bedouin prominently forward in the hcttinir, and ns this division is always bold to bo specially dangerous whon they are in earnest, many of tha public followed rait ; Colleen Rhue, too, from tho Krnerald lain, nnd said to ho the best of the Gemma rle Vorgy's, wa« thought to b.ivo a nood chance, and Foirwater hadb.-.ckcrs, as she always has, whonover she starts. The raco, for which eighteen started, proved n sore disappointment to the friends of tho favourite, aa tho Pbysalis eoltneverBhowed prominently during any part of tho 'contest, while Bedouin, who l»y in a good plaoo throughout, won at lut-t in the commonest of c:in:ors, WatchmaH getting Eccoud placo, and that good honest mr.rc Foirwater, notwithstanding the Ost 31b on her back, wns third. Brown Duchos?, the winuor of tho Oakn in 1801, broko down in tho raco End was immediately put to tho stud. On Wednesday there wore only two items that hid any interest for tbe general publio — tho first was a £50 Plate over the T.Y.C., for which Fantastic was mado a meat pot, but wherein Argonaut, who jumped off, chopped him down completely, to tbe utter astonishment of Mr. Bryan, who did not believo that Fantastic was to bo beaten that distance. Sir Joseph Hawloy won a goodish stake, having baoked Argonaut for £l00U nt nbout 2 to 1. Tho meeting of Stradella and Bnckptono, in the Derby Trial Stakes, at 101b, chused a good dealof excitoment, tho general impression bciiiE* that Mr. Merry's horse could not ijivo tho weight away, nnd tho French mara was accordingly tbo selected of 'the talent.' Clarfcslmus, Dun kold, St. AlexiB, nnd Feu do Joia alno started, but had nothing to do with tho race, whicli was virtually a matob betwemi Stradclln and Buek stono, the former Inriding h«r backets easily. Tho fii.ld of cloven that went to tbo post fur the Nowmarkot Blenni.il on tho Thumday was anything bnt A 1 in quality, nnd tho winner, Harlequin, wna strangely overlooked when Wolcomo was mado the favourite, Innolinn finiehod second to Harlequin, and Caniwell third. Mae roni non a 50 sov.«. awecpslakes, beating Lo Mareehnl and four others, and was, in conBoqnenco, backed for the Two Thousand nt about 1110 to 7. In the Claret Stakes, two miles 119 yards, Buoketono met Zetland and Clari3sinius,and defeated them without difficulty, Clarissimns saving Lord Glasgow bis 200 sovs stake by getting homo in front of Zetland. On Friday busiues3 commencod with tho Queen's Plate, for which Asteroid and Amy only started, tbo odds bainp: 8 to 1 on the former, which tho old horso landed gallantly. Escape, Beauvale, and Cerintha all went to tho post for their sweepstakes of 100 seva eaob, Lord Stamford's filly being the favourite at 2 to 1 on her. In the end Escape won cleverly, and Beauvale was second, thus making Corintha vory inferior thiB soason to what aho waa last year. Tho culmi nating ' sensation' point of the u'ay and of tho meoting was, howovcr, reserved for tho Port Stakes, wherein Strzdclla had to meet The Marquisnt even weights, exceptingthesex'sallow nnco, the distanco beinp; close upon two milos. Of courso tho winner of the St. Legor was installed the favourite, 2 to 1 boinc laid npon him, wl ile 5 to 2 was betted against tho French CUy. Stradella mado play at a bad paco, which improved, however, towards tho latter part of the Journey. Entering the cords, Challonor mndo his effort on tbo crack, bnt never B-uoceodcd in roachintr tho maro, who won by a length. For the Chester Cup, Stradolla immediatoly becarao the favourite at i to 1. That sporting creation of tho London licensed victuallers', tho Epsom Spring Meeting, commcuce'l on Thursday, tho JtJth inst., with the Trial Stakoa, for which bis victory at Newmarket, over Fantastic, caused Argonaut to bo a great fnvonrite. Bnckcnbam, however, waited upon Sir Joseph Hawley'a horso to tho distance, whero he made his effort, and won after a good raco. Tho other four starters woro never in tho race. Poland, by Autocrat, carried off tho Heathooto and Inkermann Handioaps vcrj cleverly, and proved it was tho good thing previously announced. Molly Carew, who appeared In grand form, made an example of a numerically hrga bnt really weak fiold for the Two-yr-old Stakes ; and Alcibiade, by Cossack, entered for 30 bovs, won the Selling Stakes, nnd realisod '-'10 gainoas, or 180 to tbo fund. Tho ohiof fnaturo of tho day was, of courso, the City and Suburban Handicap, which race seems quite to have usurped tho place of the Metropolitan in tho affections' of tbe publio. Nine and twenty started for it, after some little timo had boen cut to waste in tho endeavour to get them off. Advontnror and Catcb-'om-nlivo, better known as 'tho Rather High colt,' jumped away, and lay in front to Tattenham Cornor, whero Catch - 'cm-alive bad had onough of It and retired, Umpire immedlatoly taking his place, and shortly after, rushing by Adventurer; went on with tho load to tbe stand, whoro Advonturor made his final effort, and the Yankee, aa usual, showing the white feather, tho young 'un won cleverly, to tho joy of most of the genuemon who had been backing tho winner for Bomo timo; Genoral Bess was the third past the post. Tbe Hevr Stakes for two-yr-olds, on the socond day, produced a oapital raco between Baron llothscblld's Sistor to Winer, and Mr. Merry's filly by Wild Dnyrell ont of Phemy. the Baron coining off victorious in tbo end. Only oloven jockoys mounted for tho Metropolitan, Badouin being tho favourite at 3 to ), whilo 100 to 30 was takon freely about Adventurer. Roal Jam Rnd Alertc forced tho pace and made it very strong, bat both had ehot heir bolts heforo they got into the straight run. From this point tho race becamo most exciting, Umpire, Bodonin, Hadiiagton, Adventurer, Canary, Attaman, and Qorso, coming on in n cluBter, bo that it was literally ' anybody's raco' of this lot. The judge, however, placed Hnddington first, a neck in advance of Canary, while tho 'Binging bird' was only a hood in front of Bedouin, within a nook of whom Adventurer and Umpire ran a dead beat for fourth plnco ! This is something liko handicap ping, h it not 1 For tho Walton Stakes, for two's und throe's, Mr. Brayloy 's Golden Dust, tliroc-yrs-o!d, was selected to boat tho trio of younusters opposed to her, but aho had to sucoumb to Mr. Savile'a Skirmisher ojt. On tlii) wbolo, the Epsom Spring was nbont as enjoyable as any gathering of the kind within my rocolleotion. Lovoly weather, n famous com pany, and an ample sufliciency of excellent racing, what could ono want more ? All thanks and honour, then, to the Metropolitan pubs. Of tho importance attached to tho fiiat Spring Meeting by tho whole of tho raolnt; world, it is noed'ess fjr mo to s»y a word. Naxt to the Derby, tho Two Thousand la unquestionably the most important throe-yr-old rnco of the year. The Yorkihiromen will of courso deny till!, and manfully uphold tho dignity of ''Leger,' but, in the eyeB of tho millions who now bet upon the Darby, tho interest centred in tho Two Thousand is infinitely greater than that which they entertain about the groat Dancaster Autumn Rice. Although tbiu year tho Two Thousand was shorn of many of its wonted attractions, in consequence of tbe horso that for tho pnst, twelvemonthB hns walntuined tho premiership of tho Derby bettine; Hiits not being engaged in it, wbilo iho movements in connection with Saccar ometcr for this race wero so oxccodingly suspicious, that, bearini Buccnneor and Old Cal»bar in mind, llm public would havo nothing to do with him. Iu addition to these drawbacks, Briok, tho hopo and stiy of Lord Stamford's stable, broke down bo badly that ho wtseoratchod Borne Auyn before the raco ; and as tho weakness of Lord Glasgow's stable marie itBolimaniteD*, tho hopes of the fielder!) gradually melted into thin air, and nothing was beard in anybody's mouth bnt tho ono word, Hospodar, tho representative of the lucky French stable, which the per formaoces of Stradella bad shown to be thoroughly in form. In fact, the race waB looked npon m a moral certainty for Count Lagrangc s horso. From tho absence of rain for somo days tho heath was vory hard golnn, bnt, novortheless, tbo company in the town wan fully equal to the average. The raclna; on Monday waa si very indifferent that I shall not dwell upon it, but simply remark that as the timo for tho great raoo drow nonr, Sacchnrometer gradually improved hid position in tho botting, though without in tho slightest dogreo affecting that of Hoa'io- lnr, ngainst whom tho odds woro all but evem. On Tuesday there waa an lmmonse concoutga of spectators present, and after Lacydos had dofoatod Balder for a 300 sovs sweepstakes, nud that a 100 bovs handicap had boen decided in favour of General Shirley^ Misfire, the following nine, out oE tbe original 85 subscribers, wont to tho post for tha great raco of the meeting :— HoBpodar (Fordlum), Sacchnrometer (J. Goater), Blue Mantlo (Nor. man), Macaroni (Chaltaner), V.vr\i Rhono (Aldcroft), King of tho Vale (Wells), Melroso (J. Oaborne), Clarior (J. D^ylo), nnd Count ?? Cavour (J. Snowdon). Of this lot only the ?: firBl four were baoked with any spirit, and of ? | these again tho first two received by far tha lion's share of public attention!. Ab I mentioned abovo, .Macaroni came into somo notice aa a ' iiromlsing outsider, after lio had, at tho Craven. \ Meeting, defeated the. Senovita colt, Valentine, ? Giraffe, and Lo Msrechal for a 00 J no'vs swoop stakes ; butLc Marcchal had boon so hammered! about this year, that his defeat wna attributable to Btalcnee*, while the othor three were of so Httlo : account that nobody dared rely vory much npon. the performance, not even Mr. Naylor hinncIE ; venturing to invent anything of a sttke upon. Macaroni. Indeod, it is difficult to avoid coraiup; to tha conclusion that a worBe lot of korsos hna r.iroly run for tha Two Thousand than this year, and this impres sion is confirmed by tho present Btato of tha Derby betting. Tho race itself 1b described in a ? fow words. Tho lot having gob aw.-y well ? together, Count Cavour and Clarior- took tha ; lead, but did not long maintain it, and, on their ' retirement, Saccharomettr went on with tha ' i running, having Macaroni and King of the Valo In attendance upon him. Entering the oorda, Challonor raced with Sacohnrometer for tlio lead, ; obtained it, ond going on, wen cleverly by a length. Halfway, up, King of tho Valo made Mb effort, but novor conld teach Saccharomoter, and finished an indifferent third. Ho3podar nover could live tho pace, nnd was fairly beaten half a mile from home ; nor did Blue Mantle or Itapid Ithono ever show prominently in the raco. Tho only event worthy of allusion in Wednes day's list i3 tho Newmarket Two-yr-old Plate, foe which a e:ore ran ; Lord Glasgow's oolt by Brother to Bird on tho Wing, out of Physalis, having kicked Alderoft off as Boon a? ho mounted, and sbakon him Bovercly, having, in consequence, been nuabla to start. This was : a great; disappointment to hia noble owner and numerous backers, tho colt being a good favourite. Tho actual favourito was Baron Rothschild's Sister to Queen of the Vale, who won in good style, after a magnificent race; Garotter was Becond, and Rigolboclio— pretty name— third. Of tho sixty-six entered for tho Ono Thousand, only ten fillies were saddled, both. Lord Stamford nnd ' Mr. Ton Broecb Btarting a ? braeo each. Lady Augusta, belonging to the former, and : Tornado to tho latter owner, had for some timo contested the position of fAvourito vory closely, and at btarting 7 to 2 vai laid ngainst . each. To the joy of Newmarket, the peer boat the commoner iu tho raco easily, Lady Augusta having the lot safe all tlie way, and winning nt Inst as sho liked. Lord Stamford's other filly. Flying Fish, running aocond, nnd Cadean third. After the race it was attempted to argue that because Qaocbnromcter beat Lady Augusta laat year in the Chesterfield Stakes, at tbo July Meeting, and that Lady Augusta could nuke tho exnmplo juBt witnessed of all tlie One Thousand fi'lies, ergo Macaroni, Saccharometer, and tho othor Two Thousand Guineas horses, must bo a superior lot. But, acoording to thia line of argument, Automaton, who, Inst year, beat Macoaroni easilv, onght to win tho Derby, a feat by' tbe -way that -would not very much surprise) Kie. I do not fancy that tha winner of the Derby ran in the Two Thousand, ? nor do I believe that Lord Clifden will pull through, notwithstanding his very strong positfon ; but, in my opinion, the No. Ion the telegraph at Epsom will be found amongst tho following four:— National Guard, Automaton, '/ho Ranger, and Tom Fool. The quality of the runnera for tho Nowmarket Stakes may be judged from tha facts that Onesandcr was the favourite, and Brother to Morocco tbo winner. On the whole, it waa anything but a -successful meeting for a FirBt^* Spring. ? I The Jookoy Club is getting- into terribly barl j odour by its attempts to stifle the Press. Mr. i Willes, ' Argus' of tho Morning Po»t and j Editor of Baily, was warned off Newmarket , Heathy as you will remember, last Autumn, in , consequenco of toma remarks of his about tha Tarragona caso. Everybody, hjwevor, thought j the matter would have beon allowed to drop, bnt : when he appeared on Tuesday, Lord Coventry ? wns requested to ask him to leave. ? This Mr. i WillcB declined to do, and, in conseqnynce, legal j proceedings, which tho Post will defend vigorously, havo been commenced by the Club ! ; This ia not all : Mr. Feist, the representative ot ; / the Sporting Life, wai summoned before tho : ' Club, and dcaired to apologise to Lord Stamford '. tor somo remarks made upon that nobleman in j tho Sporting Life of the 18th inst., and on hia j refusing, Mr. Feiit wns warned not only off - iVowmarket, but off every stand and course in \ England where Jockey Club law prevails/ This ; is mo-it monstrous. JJ Alfred Day has given up riding, from ill hoalth. Edwards and Lord Stamford have msrle up thoir differences, nnd the former rides for tha stable as of old. HU Lordship has dispensed witb. Sam Rogers'* further Borvioos. John Scott is to finish Saccluromotor for the Derby. Our oarsmen have had some granil doings since my laat, tho annual University Match, between the Oxford and Cambridgo clghr-oara. having been decided, as well as tho Scullers' Match fortho Championship of thoThaino*,botweenChamborfl, of Newcastle, and Everaoa, of Greenwich. Tha University contiat excited, if possible, mora Intorcst than over, ns it was known that Cam bridge had loft no stone unturned to regain the laurels they had lost in tho two hst years, while Oxford was striving aa energetically and sys tematically to retain their pride of place. 'l'h« Cambridge crew was a good deal heavier than that whioh rowod for the honour of the Cam last Beawn, nnd in this respect, indeed, tho two orewa wero vory evenly matched. Both boats wero on tho ground— as it is the fashion to call tin water —for Bomo dnva before tbo raco, wheu, although the Cambridgo style of rowing wns much improved, and thoir stroke admittedly quicker than that of their opponents, tho dotk blue oE Oxford wnn decidedly the favourite among Iho bettors on tho race. I havo not apace to attempt a minute JoBoriptlon of tho struggle, but tho Isia crew quito justified the good opinions of their f friends, and won ia good stylo, thns coming off: victorious threo years successively, under tbo careful tutelage of tha same stroke. Will his departure change tho luck J Mail omen. Tbo expected treat for which bo .many rowing; men bad beon ao long looking forward, in tha ountest between Evorson and Chambers, proved a vory hollow thing at last, Evereon not making anything liko so good a fight of it as many of ua had anticipated ; in faot, he never had a ghost of a oh»nca with Chambors.who did what ha liked with him. It now romains to bo soon if Dick Green, of Sydney, can lower the NowoaBtlo man's colours, as the pilr aro matched to pull on 10th June. I Bhould bo very glad to seo the Australian flag in tho ascendant, but I very much fear tho Kan caroo and tho Emu won't upaet the Lion and tho Unicorn this journoy. At any rato, Green will get what your Aieioourne eievuu uuu i ocuiu m have mot with in Sydney— fair play— nnd, wia or lose, t)U will admire his pluck in coming 10,000 miles to row the best uinn in the world — for bucIi I verily bcliovo Chambers to be. Thore ia nothing new in theP.lt.; but lha two groat matches, Heenan v. King, ond Mace v. Goss, progress. LATEST BETTING. — NE*raA.nBxr, Fmdat Nion-r. onrivr Non-riiEBN handicap. 4 to 1 agat Fantall ftk)|lo to 1 agst Carbineer (off) ?F.nnY. 9 to 4 nc.st Lord CUfden -W to 1 agst TUa Ranger (tk and off) (tk) 1 to 1 agat Macaroni S5 to i ngst Kin; of tha (off) Valo (olT- 9 to l ngst Saccharo- 40 to i agst Avenger meter (off) (off) 100 to 0 ngst National 50 to 1 agst Giles tho Guard (tk) First (tk and off) 100 to 0 agst Automaton 1008 to is agst; Fantaatio 'tk aud off) (off) 18 to' l 0R»t Glonocbty 1000 to 6 ugst Brother to colt (tk and off) Morocco (tk and oft') DEnnv, 1801. '000 to GO oget Clarumont 2080 to «o agst War Danco (tk) I (tk) ?'OOOtocoajatBlalrAtholSOOO to 60 agst BeUasius (tk) I ltk- BETTING AT MANCHESTER.— FniDAY NlGIM. (BY ELUCVRIO TKIjEail.ll'U.) CHEAT NonTIIEnN rtANDIOAP. 3 to I aost Fantull (.tk) 0 to I agst l'iccador (tk) 8 to t „ Venison (tk) 12 to I ,. Manfred (tk) Btol „ rhysalla colt(t) 20 to 1 „ Carbineer (off) DEllHY. G to 1 agst Lord CHf-len(t) ao to 1 ngst Automaton Vtol „ JIaoiiroui (tk) (tk) Btol ,. Saccharouieter 10 to 1 ngst Glenoohtj (tk) colt (tk) PIOEON Niioorimc ? a silver cup, presented hy Mr. G. Hughes, of tho Brldpa hotel, Dnndtnonff, with a sweepstake added, was shot for, list Saturday. The conditions were, throo birds oach, 80 yarda boundary, nnd 21 yards rise. Twelvo entered, of whioh only throa v killed two birds c»oh, nnmoly, Ma ws. Mortlmor, Hampton, and Blur ton. In shooting oft tha ties at a single bird, Mr. Mortimer misaod hit, and tho other two agreed to havo three birds eacli, anil both again tied, killing all. It was then - aprood to trap two birds eaoh. Aa Mr. Blurtos missad cno, ami Mr. Hampton klllod both birdc, tho latter waa declared tho wlnnor. Asweopataka of a sov eaoh was won by Mr. Lackey, boating; five others. A question has been raised in ono of our courts whother a . blind man o»n bo liablo for a bill at eight, Tho lawyers uropuzzlod. 