Pi* THE PATENT GHOST, "' (Prom tba ßptctatQT ) gforftSBN researches io*. Spiritual ism baye led to TO* practical result-fbe discovery* of . ghost. Not of an ordinary old-fashioned ghost, appear« ir^tojh_e_midnight. hour to people vrhh a weak digestion, haunting grave-yards and old country mansions, and inspiring romance-writers into the mischief of three.volume novels ; .but of a well behaved, steady, regular, and respectable ghost, going through a prescribed round of duties, punctual to the . minute - a . Patent Ghost, in. fact. This, admirable ghost ,is the offspring of two fathers, of a learned member of the Society of Civil En- gineers, Henry .Dircks, Esq., and, of Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic. To Mr. Dircks be- longs the honour of having invented him, or, as the disciples of Hegel would express it, evolved him from out of the depths of his own conscious- ness; and Professor Pepper has the imer'it of. having improved him considerably, /fitting him for the intercourse of mundane society, and even educating him for the stage. , After,hav- ing bowed to the public at the Polytech- nic Institution, he some weeks ago made bia debut upon the boards of the Britannia Theatre, in a new and highly original drama, entitled "The Widow and Orphans-Faith, Hope' and Charity," in which piece be continues to pre- sent himself nightly to crowded audiences with the great st imaginable success. Possibly, all Britons do not know where the Britannia Theatre is situated, and ifrnay not be unnecessary, therefore, to state that; it has its place in the metropolitan suburb pf Hoxton, inhabited chiefly by toy-m akers and doll« dressers, and marked under the letter N by the Postmaster-General.. .Sceptics may smile at tba idea, of a Patent Ghost, making his first appear- ance in a neighbourhood so little fashionable, andi so far removed from the résidence of MáBter Hbine» commandér-in-'cbiéf 'of.'. '.spirit* and. mediums, an i solicitor-general of .demon s. ghosts, ard shadows of the universe. . It is bo mere accident ;' for it appears that thetahre good spiritual reasons Why the Ghost should bave c oma. out at Horion and nowhere else. ?,'Hèrè, in this toy-making quarter, ;there lived, " about a hundred years ago, a worthy citizen . and .officer of the Lord, Mayor, Mr. Francis Bancroft, who wàs haunted all his life long with the one great idea that his body was predestined to arise visibly from the dead, and to wander over British earth in the shape of a tangible ghost. So deeply impressed was be with this belie! that, while walking in.the flesh, his chief object.was to take measures towards insuring his Baie and speedy resurrection. With considerable faith in the celebrated maxim of Luther's active Roman antagonist, indulgence-selling Monk Tetzel : M Sobald dat Qtld im Katttn klingt Dia Seel' aus dem Feg/euer tpringt:' citizen Bancroft took great care, during his mortal career, to accumulate a respectable amount of oash, wi h the object of forming a bribe -for the guardians of . hts . body.""~Accor dingly, in- his will he left the sam of twenty« tight thousand pounds for the establishment of schools and almshouses, with thia proviso, that his body shonld be " preserved within a show glass" in the Church of St; Helen's, Bishopgate, the door of:the case to be without lock, on easy hinges, so as(to open with the least expenditure of spiritual forcé. For still greater, security of resurrection,/ it: was ordered in tho testament that . once ! in the ; year, during the sermon -to be preached ; in Francis r»-....Di. 1 xi-i-»;»«¡_i >u«< glass case should. be set completely open, allowing unbounded physical, no less than meta- physical; egress. < The dispositions of the will were faithfully obeyed for many years, .and, Yoi* aught that we know to the contrary, are obeyed still. If not, the consequences will be terrible to think of; productive, perhaps, of more spiritual phenomena than a single ' Patent Ghost. A first , approach to the Britannia Theatr .suggests nothing.very ghostly, bat rather engen- ders visions of. a contrary, nature. Ihe Bri tennis, ia a place, of . entertainment in ' the con- struction bf which the physical and menial appa« tite ,, of. ¡ Jqh¿.' Bull appears ito have been commited ' with.^ greater. :.perfection; than anywhere ! else 1 in the : ; metropolis, TCbe whole , of the lower part, of "the theatre is given up to the, commissariat .'depart ment, and the first views that strike the visitor on entering: are mountains of! quartero/loaves, pyramids bf cheese, dojba&'ofGorman pansage, and, eyer- ruuningjonntaín^ pf ale and( porter. One immense apartment, vaulted like a cathe- dral, ia filled with stone bottle's ' containing tbat singular compound pf ¡yi}ó$ arid¡ water. called gingerbeer - .and other'^alla.'and, galleries are crowded with what seem to be statues of Gog «nd Magog, bearing the , mysterious insorip'ioa bf 'Allsopp; and'-' Co., Henry JVfénxV ' ¿od Barclay ...and i Perkins. PaBsirig"1 Jtbis vast Banquet Hal),,, and entering the, ;Britannia proper, there ia a new source of surprise in store for tho explorers of these unknown régions. Few more beautiful theatres are to . bo found within the metropolis ; not one which,' consi dering the olas» of the publie frequenting it, is BO elegant in construction,, and decked oat with so much taste and even luxury. The ceiling is oval in chape, which gives it a particularly light and, handsome , appearance. . , Tho'tbree,,tiers rising above eaoh other are beautifully ¡paiqted and gilded j abd a soft and very agreeable light is diffused 'through' the whole bouse by a. score of. pretty, glass chandeliers,' the effect of wbich.is a. vast improvement over, the customary volcano of «as flame which dazzles' thé-eye ¡in .West-end thea'res. The area of the Britannia is of vast ( dimensions, . hó'.dib'g, ' apparently, between ibreé and four thousand persons, the gallery.alone,accommodating; a thousand., Th's gallery is the chief feature of tho place. All other parts of the house Bro to'erably well filled ; .but " the.paradise" is crowded to suffocation ; filled with a sea bf hutnao heads', so deriso';that it seems impossible, there is room left/or ,a baby Yet all the!evening, long, while the'now and original drama, is proceeding, and' up 'to tho moment thai the Patent Ghost puts inits appear- ance, the haman tide.keeps'flowing up the. long s tono staircase to the gallery.. And a curious stream of London humanity it ia which thus presents itself to the, eye."Stardy .wprkmonMfresh from the factory, the perspiration>till ¿nfthe brow from the day's fatigo'e ; wemen'in erowdB, with children in their arms ; pert apprentices, with* torn trousers arid a' scarlot''nrçktîe j. gir/s fr^pr* tho toy ^making shops, ooquettlBhly dreprtid; sailors, redolent of spirits and tobacco ¿ _d, in greater numbers than all the rest, si/cot-Arabs of every penny, piece in ORB hand, ánd » large- piece Jof bread and cheese ,in the othiv. We learn that an evening's'bliss nt the Britannia, supper and ghost includxd, is parcbtflcd for the moderate sum *>f i fourpence, -y. Ä large jpiece of bread at the Banquet Hall costs only . obs halfpenny/ and for another halfpenny ñ! big Jjicf. of 'cjuWJ?»' ; giV'on; ¡wbila ' ,hteepfnw inore i,will'open the ga^esi of » the -paradise Hod the view of tbe Ghost, To' know what hip. piqess means, nothing is required, but to/oak st , tbe'.glowing, glittering eyes of the* grimy little Bohemians who rn sh np nightly the staircase of fae' Britannia, with their ticket of admission, nd their bread and cheese. But it is time to attend to the " new and origina' drama, full.of novel stage effects, written expressly for this theatre"-author's, name not Tfivfin. ,,.Tt is a domestic drama, with three murders, , one suicide, two;- conflagra- tions, foor robberies, one virtuous lawyer, twenty three angels, end a ghost. There are three heroines in the piece, Faith,' Hope, and Charity-the 'first, an elderly lady, widow of a clergyman, and in straightened circumstances ; and the other two her daughters, pretty and. poor,'and, of course, models of perfection, as indicated by the label.! The: plot turns upon' the 'possession of the. lease of A house, which ^ ir Gilbert Nofthlaw, a proud and echemirjg baronet, class representa- j tiye of the bloated aristocracy, haë acquired by ? fraud fri.m the clerical widow. 'Befóte the parchment is restored to the right owner, a number of violent incidents take place, which, although in no perceptible connection with the story, yet .seem to charm the ^audience to an1 immense degree, as evinced by'frequent thundering applause. A burning bouse, in particular, gives rise to tremendous excitement in the gallery. The scene ¿hows a woman get- ting out of the window and ! walking along the outer ledge to a tree, where a man takes her in bis arms, after which the tree, by some magic means; bows to the ground with1 its human burthen. Various "minor accidents, murders and manslaughter, follow, till at leDgth the lease is stolen by an honest man from the pocket of the wicked baronét. " With a fine feeling of virtue, the audience show their appreciation of this sot of piok-pocketing by three rounds of applause. Bat the aristocratic villain is not yet defeated, for it turns Ont .that the .lease 'which the honest man has stolen is but a duplicate after all, and that the fiendish nobleman remains in possession of the original. This discovery breaks the- heart of-Faitb, and 'sets Hope" and Charity a-crying so loud that all thé bystanders get, into convulsions. The question of the lease appears still, as undecided as e?er when .the curtain fa ls over the terrestrial-part of the drama, to open again, after a few minutes' in tervál, for the'spiritual portion. AIL the souls of'all. the people. murdered, slain, burnt, and braised in the new and original drama are now carried up to beaven by a regiment of-little' angele) in flaxen hair and short petticoats. Mid Way, between heaven and earth ¡they make a halt, which allows time fer' the inspection of the tableau, and the due seasoning of the mind in its'contemplation. It is evidentfthàt tho im- pies sion.created upon the audience is of the deepest,' preparing all eyes and ears for the still greater things to come. There are now no more discharges' of ginger-beer artillery ' from above »ad behind, the sucking of oranges and cracking, of nuts has entirely ceased, and even the numerous babies have left off crying. Presently, the, vast house sinks into obscurity, only a few flickering gas-jets being left here and there to create a faint twilight. Once again Sir dilbert Northlaw tteps upon the " stage;1 Closely ' 1 followed . by-a' skeleton. ' The apparition is certainly 'striking. It gradually and almost, imperceptibly evolves itself out of the air, and after various move-' ments vanishes with the rapidity of a flash of iigVifftinQ; A o.^ouj'tiuic [it uuuios and goes as before, and immediately! after appears a female form, the exact counterpart of Faith, the widow. Closely as the eye may watch the ' operation of the whole proceeding, it is' impossible tb detect the aouroe of the «fine- opticab delusion; There the figure certainly stands, walks; and talks ; but disappears as instantaneously as if fashioned ont ©f the mere vapour of the air. On the secjni appearance of widow Faith, or rather widow Faith's ghost. Sir Gilbert Northlaw takes courage, and rising from his seat,' attacks her With h the sword. ; Butthe. sharp steel, aimed Kt à walking and speaking human figure, meets no resistance but the empty air, and the would« be murderer is mocked by a; loud sardonic ha, ha, ha I ' Thia i» the criais bf, the spectacle. While ¿he Baronet is making desperate efforts to grasp the widow, the spectre -vanishes in the twinkling of an'eye, leaving the echo of a mocking voice resounding from afar. ,,,Whatever tho means by which this curions scene is effected,, it; 1B undoubtedly a most clever and wonderfully striking bit of stage effccU ' Those in want of a new sensation oan .do nothing better at .the present' moment than pay a 'visit to the Britannia Theatre and to the« Patent Ghost." ' 