MARRIAGE OF THE PRlNCE OF WALES AND THE PRINCESS ALEXANDRA OF DENMARK. [Abridged from the Supplement to the Howe News.] THE ROSE OF DENMARK. We do not now tor the first time enter into close relations with Denmark. In the earliest periods of our history the track of the Scandi- navian warrior was visible upon our soil ; and from the remotest time Scandinavian blood has mingled with our own. In modern days still nearer ties bound England and Denmark together. King Jamie's gallant expedition over the Northern Seas to claim the hand of Anne of Denmark, detained from her bride-, groom by wild tempests and the perilous ocean has furnished a theme for many a noble ballad. Still more familiar to readers of English his- tory is Prince George of Denmark, who mar- ried an English Princess, afterwards Queen of England ; and the latest of these unions was that unhappy lady who went from our shores to become Queen of Denmark, over whose fate it is well at this time to drop a veil of oblivion. The fourth, and, we trust, the happiest of all the royal marriages which have united the two countries, is that which is celebrated this day, March 10, 1863, between the Princess Alex- andra, the ' Rose of Denmark,' and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. As it is very generally supposed that the Princess is a member of the reigning royal family of Denmark, an error which may be easily accounted for by the special circumstances which connect her with it, a glance at her table of descent will be interesting to our readers. Although the Princess Alexandra is not really within the circle of the Royal Family, she is nevertheless descended from the Counts of Oldenburg, from whom the present dynasty derives its source. Christian, the eldest son of Count Oldenburg, was elected King of Denmark in 1448, of Norway in 1450, and of Sweden in 1457, and became Duke of Schleswig- Holstein in 1459. From his second son the Princess Alexandra is descended, becoming more and more removed at each descent from the direct line. This second son, Frederick I, became King of Denmark and Duke of Schleswig Holstein, and was succeeded in these honors by hid eldest son Christian, whose youngest son, Johann, became Duke of Holstein-Sonderburg. This prince had 23 children ; and the third of eleven sons, Alexander, succeeded to the duke- dom. His fourth son, Augustus Philip, was the founder of the line of Holstein- Sonderburg- Beck, of which Prince Christian, the father of the Princess Alexandra, born in 1818, the fourth son of William Duke of Holstein, is a direct descendant. Prince Christian, who is a member of the Privy Council, and commander-in-chief of the Danish cavalry, married, in 1842, the Princess Louisa, born in 1817, a daughter of the Land- grave of Hesse-Cassel, by whom he has had six children, three sons and three daughters. The Princess Alexandra, the 'Rose of Denmark,' born on the 1st December, 1844, is the eldest of these daughters. The Home News chronicles every stage of the journey in separate chapters, headed — ' The Departure from Copenhagen,' ' Cologne to Brussels,' ' Antwerp to England,' ' The Nore,' ' The Debarkation,' &c.; Although occupying many a page of type these reports are little more than a continual repetition of the same incidents. Crowds of people ; strains of music ; booming of guns ; loud huzzas ; flags of all descriptions ; together with flowers, garlands, triumphal arches, presents, testimonials, &c.;, repeated over and over again a hundred times. As a specimen of these reiterated demonstrations we extract the report of the rejoicings in THE CITY OF LONDON. It may be well to state once for all that the streets were all throughout lined at different points with military, horse and foot, artillery, and volunteers. The passage to the Mansion House was extremely difficult owing to the pres- sure of the crowd. The people had assembled as early as 9 o'clock, and in every direction there was a compact mass of human beings through which the royal cortege had to wend its way. To maintain a strict line was utterly impossible, and the carriages were consequently, occasionally separated, nor was the procession at any time kept clearly together on its way through the city. The appearance of the Mansion House was very striking. The Corinthian columns were draped with crimson cloth, and the capitals and windows hung with garlands. On the pillars medallions of the Prince and Princess were dis- played in relief, surrounded with wreaths of oak surmounted by the Prince of Wales's plume. From the windows crimson drapery was suspended with wreaths, in the centre of which were placed alternately the cross of Den- mark and the Prince of Wales's feather. Under the portico, and in a projecting gallery, were seats for about 360 invited guests. Prince Frederick of Hesse Cassel and the Duke of Glucksburg, accompanied by Colonel Du Plat, occupied places in the front row. At this point the pressure was tremendous. At one time an attempt was made to take out the horses that the happy pair might be drawn through the city; at another a man actually mounted the carriage behind the Princess, while others constantly thronged beside it with friendly but boisterous acclamations. In every case the tact and good-humor of the equerries succeeded in averting these well-meant but untimely manifestations. The manner of Her Royal Highness was marked by much self-possession under circumstances calculated to cause alarm for the moment even amid the general rejoicing. Once or twice she showed some natural appre- hension lest any of the people who pressed towards the carriage might be trodden, under foot. She appeared delighted to recognise Prince Frederick of Hesse and the Duke of Glucksburg in the balcony of the Mansion house, and their presence seemed to reassure her. The carriage was stopped for a minute to afford Mrs. Rose, the Lady Mayoress, who was attended by eight young ladies, an opportunity of presenting the Princess with an elegant bouquet, in a holder of jewelled gold, accom- panied by expressions of welcome and good-will. The next prominent point of display, passing rapidly over the abundant decorations of Cheap- side, was St. Paul's Churchyard. The view pre- sented by the vast cathedral itself, as seen by a spectator coming suddenly on it from Cheap- side, is singularly striking, and perhaps the best sight of the building is that from the south side of the churchyard. The preparations made here by the Corporation were in keeping with their other proceedings in reference to the marriage of the Prince. Very early among the arrangements for the reception of the Princess Alexandra, it was re- solved that seats to accommodate from 10,000 to 12,000 persons should be erected in St. Paul's churchyard. That determination was carried out to the full, and no . less than 12,000 men, women,.and children, viewed the royal cortege from seats placed within the iron railings that surround the Cathedral. The cost of this tem- porary construction was nearly as much as that of the permanent iron railings themselves. The cost of the latter was £11,200. The corporation laid out about £9,000 on the seats and incidental charges connected with them. Every foot of ground devoted to sitting room was roofed with timber and asphalt, and there were as many as 25 rows of seats rising tier above tier, where the space between the church and the railing admitted of that number. The benches and supports were covered with scarlet cloth, and a rich drapery of the same material screened the exterior of the balustrade. A verandah, with a richly painted cornice, pro- jected outwards to some distance, and on the cornice considerable taste and skill were dis- played. A intervals of three or four feet it was surmounted by groups of flags. In front of the cornice all the way round were a succession of large plaster medallions of the prince and princess — the two profiles on the same oblong. Between these were a number of orange blossom wreaths of colossal size, in keeping with the immense structure itself. The appear- ance of the whole elicited general and deserved admiration ; and certainly it formed a splendid addition to the other decorations along the route of the procession. The city cavalcade which headed the process- sion from London Bridge embraced the whole of the city companies, who ballotted for their places in the line, the coach and harnees makers winning the first place. Could this gorgeous array of carriages and banners and strange civic costumes have been seen in its integrity, the sight would have been of unprecedented magni- ficence ; but it became more and more broken as it descended Ludgate Hill and advanced through Fleet-street to Temple Bar, and ap peared in detachments, intercepted by dense masses of the moving population, rather than in one continuous line. The appearance of the old gateway of Temple Bar was one of the most remarkable incidents of the day. ^ At the first glance it would have been impossible to have recognised in the glit tering mass of gold and crimson which bestrode Fleet-street the dirty, gray, weather- beaten structure, which forms the western boundary of the city, with its heavy stonework, its timeworn statues, and its terrible ^reminiscences of human heads stuck upon spikes. From top to bottom all was changed. The lower parts were swathed in coloured cloth, decorated with fringes and tassels, so that not an inch of the masonry was visible. Above the centre of the middle arch were placed medallion portraits of the prince and princess inwnite stucco. Broad pieces of cloth of gold, stiff with metal, were drawn over the body of the structure, and so arranged on either side of the centre window as to represent the front of a pavilion. The heavy folds were adorned here and there with two hearts in crimson velvet, bound together with blue ribands, and enclosed in a wreath of green leaves. Of course the well known statues which have looked down with their stony eyes upon so many strange scenes were entirely con cealed from view, but in their stead two gilt figures appeared in a sitting posture at the spot where the cloth of gold, parted and drawn aside, seemed to give admission to the interior of the tent. The united arms of England and Den mark, surmounted by a crown, and surrounded by a golden wreath of bay-leaves, were displayed at the top of the pavilion. On the summit of the pediment, with its head towering far above the roofs of the houses on either side, stood a white statue of Hymen, who, armed with his torch, seemed eager to celebrate the nuptial rite. At each angle of the building was a tripod con taining incense, while over the posterns were white altars beautifully sculptured, and angels holding bunches of orange blossoms. So attrac tive an object as we have endeavored to describe, standing in such a prominent position, could not fail to draw together an immense crowd of spectators. The crush accordingly was terrimc. The contrast from this point with the comparative tranquillity of the Strand on the west of Temple Bar was very striking. The cortege from Westminster had assembled in the open space about St. Clement's Church, waiting to take the place of the civic authorities at the head of the procession. The police had here kept perfect order. The whole space in the centre of the street had been freshly gravelled, and was kept clear for the carriages. The utmost order prevailed; and the crowd, although quite as dense as that through which the illus trious Princess had already passed, was restricted to the pavement on each side. The police showed extraordinary tact and firmness in main taining these excellent arrangements. The approach of the city carriages, and the sharp turn of the cavalcade northward, disap pearing in Chancery-lane, was the signal that the civic authorities were withdrawing from the procession, to make way for the authorities of Westminster. As the cavalcade slowly ploughed its way up Fleet- street, amid the most enthu siastic cheers, the foremost portions of the mob were driven with great violence against Temple Bar, and attempted to force a passage to the comparatively quiet haven beyond. Here, however, the metropolitan police met them in hostile array ; a desperate struggle ensued, and, although a few contrived to fight their way through the narrow gorge, the main body were unable to make the slightest impression on the iron wall opposed to them. Meanwhile the royal carriages approached nearer and nearer, advancing an. inch at a time ; and first one and then another passed slowly into the Strand, each separated by a long interval from the one next to it. Last of all, winding up the procession, came the carriage occupied by the prince and princess. It was preceded by a squadron of the Life Guards, and was hemmed in on both sides by a cheering and enthusiastic multitude. The moment it reached Temple Bar the police drew aside, and the next instant it was seen careering along towards St. Clement's Church, in. the wake of the Westminster and Middlesex authorities, who by this time had moved off. Now came the tug of war. In order to protect the rear of the procession a detachment of the Blues threw themselves across the mouth of the Strand, and the police again formed line under Temple Bar. Though the whole force in Fleet-street, backed by Ludgate hill, was directed against them, they bore the shock with unflinching courage, and defended their Thermopylae long enough to prevent the royal party from being further troubled with the too enthusiastic loyalty of the city. Then, having effected their object, they retired with honor from the well- fought field, and Chaos reigned again. Separate chapters are then devoted to ' The West-End,' 'Hyde Park to Paddington,' ' Paddington to Slough,' and ' Windsor,' but our readers have only to suppose the demon strations above reported repeated half a dozen times over, according to the populousness of the places passed through, and with such diversities of preparation as were suggested in connection with the different localities. We now proceed to extract a few of the most interesting passages from the report of THE MAHEIAGE. Golumns of description of illustrious foreigners, noble peers, and wealthy commoners precede the account of the arrival of the Prince and Princeas —but those we must wholly pass over, and begin with the details of the ceremonial. After all the knights are seated the Lord Chancellor, in his State robes, and carrying the Great Seal, passes in a slow and stately pace up the choir — alone, -but a perfect pageant in him self—to his seat at the head of all. It is now a quarter to 12, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enters, followed by the Bishop of London, at tending as Dean of the Chapels Eoyal ; the Bishop of Oxford, as Chancellor of the Order of the G-arter ; the Bishop of Winchester, as its Prelate ; the Bishop of Chester, as Clerk of the Closet ; and the Dean of Windsor, as Eegistrar of the Order of the Garter, with the canons and minor canons of the chapel. The suffragen bishops stand aside as the dais is reached, and make way for the Primate, who passes at once to the north of the altar, and the dean, robed in scarlet, with the canons, take their places to the south. For a minute the prelates kneel in prayer, then rise and stand in line inside the rails. This is followed by a slight rustle of silks and clinking of jewelled orders as nearly the whole corps diplomatique come in and take their places un derneath the royal pew — showing literally like a cluster of gold and jewels that equals even the appearance of the Knights of the G-arter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which even whispers are audible, and the rustle of the dresses comes with a noise aa their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around. Suddenly there is just a perceptible movement — a kind of consciousness that something has occurred which tells at once that the Queen is either coming or has come, and all eyes are quietly &regte4; fcwwdQ fte quaint Ql4 ]?9W ia the wall.- In another instant the Queen her Belf appears, accompanied by His Eoyal High ness the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the brother of the late prince, and, as we all know, so like h*'i as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of Her Majesty. The Queen wears the simplest and plainest of widow's weeds — a widow's cap, a black silk dress with white col lar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colours which appear upon her are the star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue riband narrowed to the width her Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner and older, with the per manent traces of deep grief and care stamped on every linament of her features. She stands at the window of the royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at all by those on the opposite side of the choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke of Saxe-Coburg speaks and apparently explains to her the arrangements going on below for the great ceremony which has drawn her forth from her mourning and seclusion. After a few minutes she seats her self a little away from the window, and the duke retires, the hon. Mrs. E. Bruce, clad, like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his place. ***** As soon as the royal guests had taken their places, Dhuleep Singh and the Prince of Lein ingen occupying seats in front of the altar, on the southern side, the procession of the royal family and the Queen's household appeared. The Princess Mary of Cambridge, her magni ficent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, moves up the choir with the most -stately grace. At the dais her attendant pauses, and she turns to gather her train over her arm, and moving to the centre, makes a profound courtesy to her Majesty, then passes at once to her place on the north of the altar, in front of and just beneath those treasures of ironwork, the gates of Quentin Matsys. As she passes in, the Duchess of Cambridge follows, with like state and cere mony, and then the Princess Beatrice, Princess Louise, and Princess Helena, ascend in turn, followed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the Eoyal tartan. AU bow and courtesy deeply to the Queen, and the Princess Helena, who wears a train, gathers hers on her arm like the rest, and seats herself near the Duchess of Cambridge. The next is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants; then the Princess Eoyal, looking as young, as amiable, and as timid as when, with slow steps, she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Eoyal, but this time leading by the hand a fine little boy, who, all unawed by the stately pomp around, dragged on his mother's arm, as he looked behind him at the pageant, and with difficulty brought his little feet to sur mount the three steps of the Haut Pas. All have risen as they enter, and the Queen now rises too, and bows to her daughter with a kind, and winning smile — the first that has passed across her face since she entered the chapel. Her Majesty has evidently found an object which deeply interests her, and instead of seating herself again she remains at the closet window, watching her royal children as they pass one after another to their seats beneath ; and even when they are seated she leans over the front and remains gazing down at them steadily with an expression of fond pride which is unmistakeable, and in which no trace of grief can be discovered now. * * # * * At last with a great clangour of trumpets, which at first are muffled into a rich indistinct ness behind the curtains, the long looked-for procession of the bride enters, and the Prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of the fact of the arrival, keeps his eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his head again till his affianced stands beside him. The Queen immediately rose, and bending forward^rem her closet, stood prepared to receive and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment the sun broke out in great brilliancy, and shining down into the chapel, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, and seemed to illuminate the shadow re cessed about the altar— happy augury, let us hope, of the sunshine of the heart that will rest on the princess and her home. The hush was now so deep and breathless that even the restless glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it, and, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated every word aud gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as the hum and rustle in the nave beyond showed the young bride to be drawing near. In another minute she had entered, and stood the fairest and almost the youngest of all her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, delicate bloom of color which ordinary imparts a look of joyous happi ness to her expressive features had all but dis appeared as, with head bent down, but glancing her eyes occasionally from side to side, she now appeared, her golden brown hair contrasting moved slowly up towards the altar. Seen, as she with the wreath of orange blossoms and the rich veil depending from it, her deep eyes flashing from under its shadow, and her regular features as exquisitely formed as the ideal of a sculptor, it is no exaggeration to say that she fascinated the admiration of all who had the good fortune to behold her. Everybody is absorbed by this charming bride. She alone of all that magnifi cent assemblage is now watched with anxious and loving eyes. From the way in which her face is shaded by the veil and her looks are bent forward as she advances, it is difficult to see her features more fully, but as shelnears the altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears beneath the folds of her veil a large bouquet of orange flowers, carried in a princely gift from the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh. The bouquet was composed of orange blossoms, white rose buds, rare orchideous flowers, and sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming of Honiton lace. The myrtle was sent from Osborne, and was taken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of the Princess Royal. It is Her Majesty's desire to have myrtle plants kept in the gardens of Oaborne reared from each of the bridal bouquets of the Royal family. The dress of the bride is also an object of interest which we must interrupt the narrative for a moment to describe. It consists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with chatelaine of orange blossoms, myrtle and bouffants of tulle with Honiton lace ; the train of silver moire antique trimmed with bouffants of tulle, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle ; the body of the dress trimmed to correspond. The necklace, earrings, and brooch of pearls and diamonds, which were the gift of His Eoyal Highness the Prince of Wales; riviare of diamonds, given by the Corporation of London ; opal and diamond bracelet, given by the Queen ; diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Leeds ; and an opal and diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Manchester. Her Koyal Highness's gorgeous train of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of 15 and 20, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houses. It is quite superfluous to say how they looked, as robed in snowy white and wrapped in veils they followed their royal mistress with soft footsteps, though, as they were not going to be married, they seemed to think themselves relieved from the necessity of looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and hear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as this. Their dresses were all of white — a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that made them seem ethereal in their lightness, as partly wrapped in long veils they passed as noiselessly as a vision. Slowly the bride reaches the Haut Pas, and as she stops to bow to the Queen some of her fair attendants, who are apparently even more nervous than herself, attempt to kneel, but, finding their mistake, rise quickly and move on as if they did not mean it. Then, and then only does the prince turn, as if to receive her, but checks himself as lie sees them all bowing to the Queen, aud for the first aud only time he seems irresolute as to what he ought to do. The long keen scrutiny seems to have disturbed his com posure at last, though only for a second, and the Anthem ceases, and aU retire a little apart while the bride and bridegroom are left standing in the middle of the Haut Pas, the latter alone, the former, of course, closely surrounded by her attendant bridesmaids, so closely, indeed, that in that gorgeous mass of scarlet and purple and gold they were the only group on which the eye could turn with a feeling like rest from the surrounding glitter. jf Handel's march from 'Joseph bad been played at entering, but a-U auwiQ bad phased w the party stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn words of the chorale : — This day, with joyfol heart and voice To Heav'n be raised a nation's pray'r ; Almighty Father, deign to grant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. So shall no clouds of sorrow dim The sunshine of their early days ; Bat happiness in endless round Shall stdll encompass all their ways. The exquisitely soft music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the late Prince Consort. It may have been this, or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath her, but certain it is thafr as the hymn commenced the Majesty drew back from the window of the pew, and, after an effort; to conceal her emotion, gave way to her tears and almost sobbed; nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremony entirely recover her com posure. The bridal party saw' nothing of this ; the bride's face was turned from the pew, and the Queen was withdrawn too much from the front; for the Prince to see her, though his looks were- often turned in that direction. As the solemn chant ended the prelates advanced to the com^ munion rails, and. the Primate, in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building, choir, and nave, commenced the service with the usual formulary, ' Dearly be-, loved, we are gathered together here in th© sight of God and in the face of this congregation to join, together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.' There is a solemn pause after that; dreadful adjuration, in which they are charged, to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage, and then, after a moment, the Primate passed on to ' Wilt thou, Albert Edward, hav& this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matri* mony ? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor,, and keep her in sickness and in health ; and. forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her so long as ye both shall live ?' To this the Prince rather bowed than re* sponded, his utterance was so indistinct. To the same question, ' Wilt thou, Alexandra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband P' the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every ear was strained to catch it. But to the words— ' I take thee, Alexandra, to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my troth,' the Prince repeated clearly word for word after His Grace, though now, again, when it was the turn of the young bride, she could be heard only to answer almost inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush, and she seemed very nervous. Tothe question — ' Who giveth this woman to be married to this man P' the royal father of the bride only bowed and moved towards the Princess, who was removing her glove hurriedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, soft voice, firmly and deliberately repeated the words : — ' With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow ; in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' All then knelt down while the prayer com mencing ' O, Eternal God, Creator and Preserver of all mankind, giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life ; send Thy blessing upon these Thy servants, this man and this woman, whom we bless in Thy name,' was solemnly repeated, and then they rose, while the Primate joined their hands and said the final words,' Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder.' With these words, which in law completed the marriage ceremony, the service was continued to the 67th Psalm, the solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of all within the choir as the words went pealing softly through both nave and aisle. Then was continued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the guns in the long walk were heard booming forth, and the steeplea throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound. Misled for a moment, the Queen's band began tuaing their instruments, and even the organ gave one or two involuntary spirts and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race o£ harmony. It was premature, however, and there was a gentle hush, which restored the former silence, when the Primate was heard concluding the exhortation. Then, raising his voice, he solemnly pronounced the benediction, during which the Queen, who had been more deeply affected, knelt and buried her face in her handkerchief. The bride and bridegroom then joined hands, and, turning to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greet ing to the princess, quitted the closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colors of waving plumes and flaming jewels, out of the choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with how much deep hope and true devotion the marriage of the second Prince of Wales was celebrated in St. George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir the organ and the band went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Beethoven: — Hallelujah to the Father And the Son of God, Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, in holy songs of joy. Worlds unborn shall sing His glory, The exalted Son of God. The papers contain long accounts of th- dejeuner that followed, aud of the triumphai processions that accompanied the royal pair on their way to Osborne. Bat our space is ex hausted, and we must therefore abruptly close by simply uniting with Her Majesty's loyal sub jects iu all parts of the world in wishing Long Life and Happiness to the Prince and Princess of Wales. . ? i- On March 5, at the London Tavern, an adjourned s general meeting of shareholders of the Great Northern Copper Mining Company was held, Mr. Gk H. Donaldson in the chair. The Chairman said he had carefully perused the report of the Committee, and was really surprised to find how trivial were the points upon which that Committee differed from the Directors, and how many points upoa which they agreed. He was happy to say that they agreed npon two points of vital importance to the interests of the undertaking, namely — as to the accuracy of the ac counts, and as to the intrinsic value of the Company's property. Mr. W. Adamson represented Scotch shareholders holding an interest of 15,000 shares. He came to London somewhat opposed to the Direc tors ; but, after having personally fully investigated the points in dispute, he had come to the determina tion to second the proposition from the chair, if cer tain concessions were made in connection with the reduction of salaries of the executives both in this country and .the colony. A lengthened discussion ensued, which resulted in an amendment being pub that the meeting should be adjourned for one month. which was earned upon a show of hands being taken ; upon which a poll was demanded, and fixed for Monday, March 9. Mr. S. Tomkinson on Second Class Certifi CA.TE3. — As our reporter's condensed report of the dia cusaiou in the Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday, 6th instant, scarcely did justice to Mr. Tomkinson'a remarks on 'second class certificates.' we are in duced to give that gentleman's observations a little more fully. Mr. Tomkinson said — 'I wish to eay a few words respecting the c'ass of debtors who are imprisoned by order of the Commissioner of Insolvency. They are becoming very numerous. It it clear that the so-called punishment of oua or two months' imprisonment, with a second-class certificate, suspended only during incarceration, has no deterring effect whatever. It is looked upon as a plea sant change of life and scene, nothing to do, and lux urious ?]iving upon other people's industry. The only complaint of thi3 class, who are greater rascals than the common thief, is that, from want ot a little healthy out door exercise, their appetite sometimes fails to do jus tice to the delicious roasts, the savoury stews, and the hot mealy potatoes. Now I thiok that they should ba allowed the same privilege as ordinary prisoners They should be permitted the use of a spade or. pick or stone hammer. There is a landscape gardener whose time and abilities might be agreeably employed in planting weeping willows or the sweet-blossome4 almond along the banks of the Torrens; there are laboring farmers whose services would be invaluable, and contractors whose knowledge (geological) is almost scientific. It the Court has no power toadjudga light labor with imprisonment, the Act Bhould b» amended, or cases of glaring fraud should be tried on the Criminal side of the Court, or a simple prisonregu lation might be made that every convicted prisoner should be required to support himself, as advocated in the CornJrill Magazine. 'What is wanted, is something which shall deter a dishonestly inclined debtor from concealing or making away for a time with the property of his creditors, and for want of one or two clauses to this leffect, [our Insolvency Act is vitally defective. Cases of pure misfortune command our sympathy, and w» may be sure that under our present able Commissioner, Mr.iMacdonald, no such cases will ever terminate m lm priBonment. But in cases where fraud Is so clearly brought home as tn cause a committal, I do not unaer stand ttwhy a gecond class or wy ceitifi«ate YtbftWVW fcouldbegranfod.,^ 