1HE NEWS OF TEE DAY. Tho day for tho second reading of tho Land Bill is not yet definitely fixed. Having been nuable to circulate tho bill yesterday, Mr Heales stated in tho Legislative Assembly that, if able to send copies to members to-day, ho would movo tho second reading on Wednesday next, but if not, he would movo it on Friday. Mr Duffy considered this too short a time for the consideration of so important a question. Mr Suodgrnss gave notice in tho Legislative As sembly, yesterday afternoon, that ho would movo, on Tuesday next, that copies of any warrants for the payment of pensions to retired ministers should be laid on tho tablo of tho House ; aud also that all correspondence between Dr Evans and the Governor in Council should bo produced. It is notified in the Government Gazotte of last evening that his Excellency tlio Governor has issued a writ for the election of a member to servo in tho Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, in tho place of James Stewart, Esq., deceased ; and that tlie following arrangements havo been mado for sncli election, namely : — Date of writ, 5tli August, 1803 ; day of nomination, 15th August, 1803 ; place of | nomination, Seymour B. ; day of polling, 4th Sep tember, 1803 ; return of writ, 19th September, 1803. It would seem that, even if Mr M'Lellan were willing to allow tho matter of an inquiry into tho alleged bribery of members of Parliament to secure tho passing of tho Land and Electoral Acts to xznt where tho Legislative Assembly left it on Thursday night, there aro others who will not permit it, although thoir motives may be of a different kind. Yesterday afternoon Mr A. J. Smith gave notico, in the Assembly, that lie would ask the Chief Secretary, on Tuesday, what steps the Government intended to take to relievo hon. members from the stigma cast upon them by Mr M'Lellan's motion. The proceedings at Colac during the recent elec tion formed tlie subject of u notice of motion, in the Legislative Assembly, last night. Mr M'Cann inti mated that, on Tuesday noxt, ho would ask the Chief Secrotury whether he had any objection to obtain the expunged electoral roll of Colac, and state whether it was uigned by Mr Hugh Murray, tho returning magistrate. As stated by Mr Higinbotham, yesterday after noon, in tho Legislative Assembly, in answer to Mi Brooke, tho Government liavo no objection to the production of the opinions of tho law officers of the Crown in reference to the application by Messrs Duffy and Ireland for pensions, but it will bo for tlie Governor to decide whether or not the papers shall bo produced, and his Excellency's feeling on the subject lias not yet been ascertained. The opinion is by the late Attorney-General, and Mr Brooke said it ought to bo regarded as tho opinion of tho lato Cabinet generally, and not of tho law officers, as the Governor's private legal advisers. In either caso, the lato Attorney-General must bo regarded as a most impartial judicial authority on a legal question that so intimately affected the hon. It. D. Ireland. Tho clause in the Local Government Bill, which has tho effoot of placing the city of Melbourno and aud tho town of Geelong on the same footing as other municipalities as regards tlio receiving a share of the money derived from toils for the maintenance of roads which form tho approaches to these places, was agreed to b3T the Legislative Assembly, yester day evening, after a long and uninteresting discus sion. The clause was introduced by the Legislative Council. A rather amnsing explanation was made by tho hon. tho Speaker in the Legislative Assembly yes terday evening, on a division tailing placo upon an amendment which had been mado by the Legislative Council in ono of tho clauses of the Local Govern ment Bill. Tho clause, as it originally stood, allowed members of Parliament to be exempt from toll, and. tho amendment which had been made upon it did away with that privilege.. The House did not, however, seem clearly to understand it, and, at tho request of one of tho members of tho Govern ment, tho Speaker explained, on the division taking place, that all those hon. members who wished to pass toll-free should sit on tho Opposition, and those who did not wish to be so exempted, and supported tho amendment, should sit on tho Government side. Such a definition of free-toll on the Opposition was provocative of much mirth. Wo subjoin a letter which appeared in Friday's Bendigo Advertiser, relative to tlio remarks said to havo been mado by Mr Francis, with regnrd to the candidates for the representation of Mandurang. It will bo Been that Mr Francis has incurred no blame in tho mattor, and that his explanation is oven moro satisfactory than wo supposed in the article which appeared in our yesterday's issue. The letter is as follows : — ' Melbourne, 5th August, 1803. — Doar Sir, — I return you copy of to-day's Bendigo Adver tiser. In reference to the marked paragraph, I am surprised that Mr Fawns made public use of a hurried conversation, certainly not designed for publicity, or as an authorised conversation. It is also mis construed, as while I, without any resorve, expressed my private and personal good wisliea and respect for Mr Macpherson, I as distinctly stated ' I could not go beyond that,' and 1 that tho question of the conflicting candidature had not even been con sidered by tho Government : ' and I was further under the impression that ono of my colleagues had expressed himself favorably to Mr Casey. I am, yours truly, James G. Francis.' ' We understand that Mr Le Souef is to be ap pointed Usher of tho Black Rod in tho Legislative Council. Sir James Palmer will bo a member of tho Educational Board in place of C. J. Griffith, Esq., deceased. An action for slander — Hardy v. Noone — was tried in tho New Court yesterday. The plaintiff was a publican at Collingwood, and tho defendant, alleg ing that he had been robbed in his houso by a dis reputable woman, characterised the hotel as a place of ill fame, and a den of thieves. The jury awarded tho plaintiff £10 damages. A special meeting of tho Sandridgo Municipal Council was held yesterday evening, for the purpose of electing a chairman. Two candidates wero pro posed — Cr. Plummor and Cr. Murphy. On a ballot being taken, tho votes were, for Cr. Plummer four, and for Cr. Murphy two. Cr. Plummer was therefore declared duly elected, and returned thanks in suit able terms. A curious caso of forgery came under tlio notico of the City Court yesterday. The person charged with tho offcnce was a woman of respectable appear ance, named Elizabeth Martin, and she had com- . mitted tho forgery upon hor own husband, having uttered a cheque in his name, which sho filled up to tho amount of £500. Tho caso was not gono into, but was remanded until her husband could be found. From the few remarks mado by her counsel, it appeared that sho and her husband had lately arrived from Now Zealand, where they had to gether amassed about £1400. On arriving in this colony ho deserted her, and was busy squandering Ilia means ; and as sho know tlie bank in which he had deposited his money, and wished to provido for hersolf, sho drew out a cheque for £500. That was presented to tho bank, but there wero not sufficient funds to meet it ; and of course, being a forgery, sho was arrested. Sho was admitted to bail until tlie caso was again called on for hearing. A very satisfactoiy state of affairs was disclosed at tliohalf-yearly meotingof tho Australasian Fire and Insurance Company, held yesterday at noon. Tho receipts during tho six months ending tho 30th of June last lial amounted to £19,742 3s 2d, and the expenditure to £20,802 9s, leaving a profit of £22,879 14s 2d. Tho directors proposed to pay a dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum, and a bonns of Is pur share, or, in all, 2s per share, which would ieavo a balance of £8120 13s 4d to be carried to tho credit of the profit and loss account. This was considered too littlo, and an amendment was moved that tho dividend aud bonus together should amount to 4s per share, being 40 per cent, per annum on tho paid-up capital. This amend ment was carried against the proposal of tho directors, but another motion was ultimately agreed to, that the dividend and bonus should bo 3s per sharo. Tho show of tho Victorian Poultry Society in St. St. George's Hall continues to attract large numbers of visitors. Somo additions have beon made to the entries, aud tho exhibition is one which will interest all, and ought especially to bo visited by those who wish to select fine specimens for their poultry yard, or birds of beautiful plumage or song for the cage. Tho exhibition, which does credit to all concerned with it, and particularly to tho socrotary and other oflico bearers, will contiuuo open till to-morrow ovening. Two young lads named Anstico and Copas, alias Thompson, were charged at the City Court yester day with breaking into Messrs Harris and Hoy manson's store, Flinders lane, and stealing a quan tity of wearing apparel. After tho caso had been inquired into, it was again remanded until Tuesday for tho production of additional evidence as to Thompson's guilt. Several coats wore found in possession, of Anstice when ho was apprehended, and tho case seems clearly established against him. It may bo mentioned that ho was until very lately in tho employmont of the Corporation, first as Council messenger, and latterly as assistant to the gardener at the Carlton Gardens, but in consequence of his repeated bad behavior he was discharged from the service. At tho weekly meeting of tho Executive Com mittee of tho Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, tho superintendent made tlio following return : — Number of inmates in the Home as re ported last week, 570 ; admitted since, 111 ; per sons who havo received out-door relief, 54 ; total relioved, 741. Discharged from tho Homo during tho week, 108 ; total at present remaining, 579, consisting of — children chargeable to tho Govern ment, 377 ; cases chargeable to the society, 203. Tho general treasurer of the Horubrook Ragged Schools gratefully acknowledges tho sums of £5 5s from Messrs M'Culloch and Sellar, and £1 from Mrs. Dryburgh, on behalf of the genoral fund for these schools. The Free Presbytery of Melbourne held its ordi nary meeting ou the 4th current, in the Presbytery House, John Knox Church, Swanston street, and was constituted with devotional exercises. Sederunt, Rev. A. M'Vean, moderator; Messrs Miller, Paul, Murdoch, M'Pherson, ministers ; and Messrs Bell, Munro, and Duncan, elders. It was moved by Rev. W. Miller, seconded by Rev. A. Paul, and unani mously agreed to, that Rev. W. M'Intyre, of Sydney, who was present, be associated with the court in the ensuing business. Tho moderator ex pressed to Mr M'Intyre tho high esteem in which he was held by tho brethren, and their appreciation of tho value of his sympathy as expressed for them in thoir present ecclesiastical position. Rev. W. M'Intyre, in suitably adknowledging the kindness of tho presbytery, stated that his sympathies wore entirely with them as a church. He exhorted them to continue stedfastly in tho position which they occupied. The proof of attachment to the truth was to be Been in maintaining it in the face of difficul ties. During tho remarks made by the Rev. A. Paul, it appearod that the Rev. Dr Nicolson is expected to be present at tho opening of the new Freo Church at St. Kilda. The action of Hodgkinson v. Clough, brought to recover £10,000 damages for false imprisonment, terminated yesterday in tho Old Court, the hearing of tho case having extended over the greater portion of three days. The plaintiff had been given into custody for stealing several thousand sheep which he had removed from a run, and he claimed the aheop as his own property. He remained in gaol some thirteen days, when he was librated on bail ; and ho had appeared three times at the criminal court to an swer the charge, hat it had never been pressed against him. The question of plaintiff a right to remove tlio sheep was involved in a number of transactions with the defendant, partaking of the nature of ac commodation acceptances. The jury found for tlio plaintiff, subject to the reception of certain evidence, £1000 damages upon ono count, and subject to the non-reception of such evidence, £2000. Thoy also found £500 damages for the plaintiff, upon the count in relation to defendant's guilt up to tlio timo of plaintiff's confinement; and £2000 damages if they excluded the evidence including the whole pro ceedings. In tho Old Court yesterday, in Lo Cren v. Priestley, tho plaintiff recovered £75 damages against tho Melbourne Gas Company, for injuries sustained by him in consequenco of the ncgligence of tho company's servants in leaving an obstruction unprotected in Elizabeth street. Tho company's servants, for the purposo of laying down a servico pipe, had raised ono of the flags of tlie pavement. Plaintiff fell over this stone, and seriously hurt his knee. He was confined to his house eleven days, and was lame for a considerable timo afterwards. As will be seen from our advertising columns, tho Rev. James Ballantyne will deliver the next in his series of monthly lectures to-morrow evening, in Erskino Church, Carlton, on ' The Books that will be Opened in tho Judgment of the Great Day, their Nature and Character.' From an advertisement in anotlfbr column wo find that another attraction is to bo added to the Polytechnic Institute, Bourko street, in the shope of the Ghost which has created so much cxcitement at tho Polytechnic, London. Wo understand that a gentleman, lately arrived from England, and thoroughly acquainted with tho modus operandi , will undertake the supervision of tho mechanical arrangements. So that lovers of tho sensotional will bo able to indulge themselves to tho utmost extent. W« havo received a pamphlet from Mr Thomas Parsons, barrister-at-law, entitled 'An Offer to Frame and Initiate tlio Administration of a Real Property Law.' Tho first paragraph is as follows : — ' Titlo is humbug, and such measures as tho Real Property Act do nothing to rout tho humbug.' 