REPRESENTATION OF MANDURANG. MR.MACPI1ERS0N AT KANGAROO FLAT. Last night a meeting of the Kangaroo Pint section of the Matulurang clcc-tors was held at the International Ilotcl, for the purpose of hearing from Mr. L. Macphcrson an exposition of the political views he entertained, as a candidate for their suffrages. About twenty ininutrs after i 7 o'clock there were about 120 persons present, one of whom proposed that Mr Alexander W,?rren should take the chair, a proposition which was met by an amendment that Mr. Mawby should take the chair. The amendment was earned. -Mr. Gunn remarked that it was highly improper that Mr. "Warren should have been sclectul as 'he Chan-man, seeing that lie was one ol the Electoral Registrars, and it was specially men tioned in their instructions from the Chief £';cre tary's office, that they were to take no part in elections. Mr. "Warren replied that the ins!ruc tion 3 alluded to by Mr. Gunn, as to Electoral .Registrars, referred to the new Act, and did not interfere with the elections under the old Act under which the present election was to be con ducted. The Chairman opened the business of the meet ing by calling on the candidate to address them, . B'ld, in the cti.".:oinury manner,'bespeaking. for him a fair and impartial heaving. Mr. Maciiherson came forward, and was re ceived with a considerable amount of chcoring. ! lie commenced liis nddress'by Sloping they would give him--as the chairman had said-a full and fair hearing. Hp said he did not come before tliem so fully prepared to spoak on political sub jects as the candidate who was to address them on the opposite side of the way (Mr. Casey). ITe came before them as an untried man. lie had never before appeared before them in the political arena, lie would, if returned, goinlo Parliament with the intention of supporting any good measure brought forward in a liberal spirit by the present Ministry. (Cheers.) As he said, be was nn un tried man, hut- they all knew that an untried horse often turned out a good one (cheers, and a laugh), and he was not, on account of his being untried, to he condemned. Ilis opponent, Mr. Casey, who had asked for their suffrages, wai on the contrary .1 man who was well versed 5n all political questions, and ho (Mr. Macpherson) therefore came before tlicm under great disadvantages. It was Mr. Casey's perfect ambi tion to get into the House. He did not wish to disparage Mr. Casey; but he hoped they would not throw cold wat?r on bim because he was an untried man. (Cheers.) If he was returned, he would faithfully, honestly and zealously serve their interests. lie did not pretend to be pos sessed of the great oratorical powers such as Mr. Michie and other great orators in the House had: but they would agree with him that sometimes the less that was said the better, and that a member might often say very shortly that which would fell well. He did not like to say anything about himself, because it was rather an unpleasant task, and he was not very anxious to spesk of his own merits; but as it had "been said that he had done nothing- because it had been asked "what had Macpherson done? " -he would refer to what he had done:-He could say that in ISaa.he had llskcd bis liberty for the diggers (applause) ; lie had risked being put in the " logs " for them. When at the White Hills a digger was arrested for not having p. licence, he had gone to Mr. Mollison and had asked hin to give the man time to pay his licence, and he would do so. Mr. Mollison had ordered him out of the place, and had given him in charge, although he had asked him as .1 gentleman. It was hut a small thing tn talk about, but he had only pi'uded to it as what, .he had done eight years ago. He would now go into the subject matter of the meeting. As he had told them, he was not posted up in political matters l:ke his opponent Mr. Ca«ey. Perhaps Mr. Casey's supporters wonld toil them that he (Mr.' Macpherson) was not the man for Maudurang. (A voice : "There's some little truth about. It too," andla'ighter.) Mr. Casey did not come be fore tlicm fairly, as an instance of which he wonld refer to the way in which he held a meeting that day at Bullock Creek. He never advertised his meetings, but came before the electors under a cloak. However, he did not want to say any thing against Mr. Casey, who was bis personal fciend ; all he would ask for was to give him a fair trial, and he believed they would be satisfied. (Applause, and "Yes, and we would find you guilty," ?nd laughter.) He would give his politi cal views as follows. He was in favor of and would support the present Ministry, if their views were liberal, and would work to the advantage of the district. (Applause.) The present Electoral Amendment Act required further amendment, hut he would not go so fiir in his amendments as some of those who proposed them. He thought the elec toral right should be protected by the payment of toe shilling registration fee. The mining in terest was a very hard one to deal with, and he was sorry to see it was such a vexed question, that|Mr. Sullivan would net be able to bring in his new bill before next session. The mining on private property question was one that required a very great deal of consideration. His own opinion on the question was that the owner of private property sliould have a fair compensation given by the decision of arbitrators. (Applause). The next thing he had to allude to might nut concern them much, although it con cerned Sandhurst. He referred to a Local Insol vency Court. (Laughter, and " It concerns us all.") He believed that a Local Insolvency Court here would do a great deal of good, as it would prevent a great deal of fraud. The Municipal Corporation Hill would have his full support." Those were, he believed, the topics which would come before the Assembly during the present ses sion, which would not probably last more than three or four weeks; hnt if it/was at all probable that anj' others would be brought forward, and he was placed in the honorable position of their representative, he would do all lie could to for ward every measure that the present Ministry would adopt. Mr. Macpherson concluded his brief address, which was listened to with a very fair amount of attention by the meeting, whicli by this time numbered about 150 persons. j T'r.e following questions and answers were aiked and answered Question.-"Was he "in favor of free selection before survey? Answer. Well, after reading the New South Wales Act iitul he had gone into it thoroughly-he believed | it would not act in this colony. He did not say, however, that he would not support free selection before survey. Question.-Yes, or No ? An swer.-Well, he would not support free selection before survey. (Applfuse and dissent). He was not in favor of the New South Wales. Act being, brought into operation in this colony. Question.--Then will you tell us why yon say you will go down into the House and support the present Ministry-in all.their measures, when you, as well as we all, know that the present Ministry-arc going to adopt the New South "\\\ ales Act ? (Applause.) How can you say that is acting consistently ? Answer.-The present Ministry never said they were going to brin" in such a bill Mr. Heales had not said he' would so. Question.-Did you not pay at the nomination at Eaglehawk--if you were correctly reported-that your health would not allow you to go down to the House at once if you were re turned? Answer.-He had not; he could not lie answerable for reports from other places. Ques tion - If returned, how long would.it be 0fori* you would go down? Aniwer.-He .refused', to. say, or be dictated to in that manner like a school would. go down as soon as he could. (Applause and di^cnt.) In ansiver to further questions, the candidate j said he was in favor of a reduction of the qualifi cation for both members imd electors for the' Upper Houses by one half-at first the candidate said he was only going for the' not the Upper, and Ww " Upper House, lne periods 0; be yearly. He declined to <3V' in favor of bath-ng in lluilork (; and cries of "Turn iiim questioner.) lie vrou'il a Lunatic Asylum at !v.'.:w:)ro., y have the publuwus put tiierefir.t He was not in favor of payment'of'J was in favor of the cshbUshmcnt? mint. Xo more qnestioni bc'm',,, ' Dr. O'Donnell rose to proposift confidence in the candidate, w'n lo object, that Dr. O'Domiu oi Manuurang. After so-^c ( point nu-cd-Dr. O'Doantll fa ther en the roll or riot, he had'l-i ions a resident of Mriukraji; jo^ on it-the chairman u'tj i,® "a5\ propose the resolution. Mv. Le Capehrn then rose to w \ lution, snyinghe was certain Iicmw (Chesrs.) He would like h hi&l; ! could tiud abetter nwn to rcw^ew ; >ir. Macphcrson, v bo had s V(, : the district, and who was a iVn;.,, dent candidate. (Cheers anil ili<s, 1 . Mr. St-mbridge seconded the I questionings as to lm being an i-lc 1 Dr. O'Dounetl again ro5-; to sv, lution, hut was again object;d to! the s"me grounds as ho previa the Chairman again ruling thxtlic} speak in support of the resolutk of the Chairman did not appear 1 of many in the raectin-,', r.nd ii." order began to be pretty strongly person sitting ntar the Chnirmmi) complied by a very emphatic table, asserted the right of «tr> speak "in public meeting asseinb, .whether elector or not, anasseui daced on equally proportioned -total in" and groaning, 'ihe Chairma^'ii^ eou.panied by a perfect how!. thst?|jj final," at last effected a oiT«aon.«ap partially obtained Mr Ounn iose;i| contrary amendment to the rtsohnSi| clidate's fitness and ability. Ths:* was, however, met by a storm of o| Ihh point. it was _ evident tli» qutstion at issue in the the partisans and supporters candidate "was to outnumber, outret® bellow each other. AHar'a" uTlfitL m raoYing the amendment could 11 asked if the nine rcqui'itiori t toJlrT son- out of the two hundred \" have signed it-had ever come bri^d supporters of any libera*. csnOido e orlffl! Ministry.. They were simpl) tr 1 the electors. (Confusion, mi dafptl support and opinion of such men -VErer lessor Pepper's ghost"-there km ' them. (.Laughter and disorder Uoi do you know about ghost ) He / would very soon make a gn 10f tyj interjected the question, Uewoiddtk what Mr. O'Kccfe had as'ened^ai^S (Dissent, applause, and "Que tion attest, The Chairman begged " five minUltjl Gunn to give his reasons (or moriffg J mcnt. To that the meeira? objected *'? othere Mr. Macpherson cfjictcd tot&e;!j tion of Mr. O'Kccfe's muw, as irrclwa business of the meeting. Mr. Gunn persisted in speaking^anJ^ pfirted by the chairman: bu;estlier the meeting, at this partawr jm equally determined not to hew tea;i« last he would drop the subject of Mr,§j one not worthy of the mce!in!.,;3!f| had proved himself a coward anjil plause and dissent.) Me va-Ai r to tbe conduct of Mr. l-aimj'i nesday night, at a niecmi!,' where there were only four perEons^ Advkrtisek had said tint three;.! given for the Mmistiy and Mr. was a pity tli.it four liatl not teej.gi would have been one from each oil meeting (Laughter.) lie had in a letter, to come to the mcetitjj" in". At tliis part of the proceeding, (to ucucics of those present-lulled into ? few mem ems-broke out afresh. ifjigl . ;«-'itlier side appeared to be prettj'e viiied as to imnilsei's and strtirtifi, powers, and while the supportersofiji^ and of Mr. Ca?ey-endeavored toS" for him, by shouting at the tonraosjf their lungs, the other fide veto to obtain s by a similar process. A$fcj was permitted to second tlicaiui'.'iiIiiifl^JSi^ whicu, although lengthy, was not vciyffif sive-by those who heard oidypartimiri was occasionally pleasantly iitfemipif|! of "give us a song, '* "stmt up]"1' chairman in endeavoring to keep orf» recumbent attitude in the chair, assg into it on his feet, in order to overawe j: ing, 'on t was equally unsuccessful lift tions.- His cries and supplications Mf,. met by commendatory exclamation?;#® Bill," and "Well done Charcoal." trjiitlff a roar of laughter. The continuatj(B| business-which the hubbub Jirerep^ porter giving in detail-was of a Ttpf character. The chairman, in call of the meeting, put the amendi||j Gunn first, yrhen a number of up in its favor. The call, "on thee duced a number of hand?. The | Macpherson asserted loudly that (lie' bis iavoiy while on the other hand, tp| as vehemently asserted that the Ao&f; him; an<l in favor of the amendment^ the reporter had time to estimate l|j3 from the short time the hands i«"iH from the great ainouut of prevailed, there might have boa.j jority of a dozen to in favor " of Mr. Macpherson; Mfe I such was the ac/ttal state of raatttr!,il» (impossible to state,] The chairm?^. I declaring for either side, said it wa'!, ( decide. ; t He wished to have anotb^s hands. This proposition wnsn ^ number of persons in the meeting, to decide by scrutineers. Serera! 0f|J in the meeting objected to that, and « the show was in Mr. Macpherson s law i of " Divide, divide," were supporters of Mr. Mncjjherson raisui opposition, and the chairman vas op , of partiality in wanting to put the <1T The proposer of the candidate s what seemed, at this juncture, 'lje ' solution of the difficulty,, by «<')> them " to go outside and fight it ou ^ however, appeared inclintd tn rejor argument, and, amid a perfect *orrf-stal ing, tho candidate returned thanks a confidence-which the c'ia'rmi"" clared was carried or lost. The n V abruptly brought to a terminition,, d>r, terchange of compliments betv» wi and Dr. O'Donnell-the lat'f . former of being prejudiced ;t'ie " ,. °;t,n «Yon. IC, fcir. «t by the expression " Yon, He, JK O'Donnell immediately rephrt1! 1w], ' \ liar. Sir,"-and so the meetinge 