CRINOLINIANA. (Prom rBlackwood'e Ja.lagbine for June.) You ask lne, gentle cousin mine, To praise the beauty of your eyes; And, trust me, they are fair and Gfus As are the stars of Paradiso : Bright scintillations. of the soul That stirs my inmost being, sweet, Fhin would I lay, without control ' My heart and homage at thy feet. One thing alone retards the sign Forgive me1-'tis thy Crinoline I ~ No devotes of art am I; Nor would I wish my love to wear That scantiest of all drapery, . That.Venus rising, fresh and fair, r :.e:' From out the warm cEgean wave, Cast loosely round her rosy limlbs,? ..When all the Greces welcome gave, .! And Nereids sang their sportive hymns,', But there's somo differnceo, I opine, 'Twixt diaphano and Criuoline. Another Venus once I saw, A young Caffrarian from the Cape ; And Bond Street swells surveyed with awe' Thlovast proportions of her shape, Jet-black aud woolly was her hair, And damson-hued her bounteous lips; But more admired, beyond compare, Were two esnormous-pillow-alips. Yet slenderer was her girth than thine, If measured round that Crinoline I Ere yet from Leyden's schools I came, . At Cupid's shrine I breathed my vow; Vanbruggen's daughter was my flame, A. tender, plump, and fondling 'froew, Hor solid beauties to enlhance, Twelve petticoats above sote drew ; Y?rYet sylph-liko moved sho in the dance, Compared, my frill blown coz, with you I :-Therme daunts not, on the Nether Rhiune, So strange a hunchas Crinoline, of ;.know that thou art fair and sweot, I do believe thee shapely too; ' Forg gazing on those fairy feet, I'think of Cinderolla's shoe. ,.Yet learn we fromt those anciont tales,. That art may cover nature's flaws, For Melusina's serpent.ecales ' ' Were hid beneath a flower oftgauzeo. There's no depending on the spino So thickly swathed in Crinoline I . Ah, cousin I I have seen thee gnzo And half adored thee for thy look On pictured glories where the blaze Of niagel-pinions, as they took - Their upward flight, was deftly drawn B. : By Raphael's or Correggio's hand; . S'. Soft as the mists that rise at dawni The robes of that celestial baud. But would an angel seem divine, If'bolstered out with Crinolineo -?How can I stoop I How can I kneel I How can I worship at thy feet ? 'When thou art fenced about with steel, ': An Amazon in uiail complete I ZI fIar not Cupid's fieriest dart S Am nvilling for thy sake to die ; S . But'if a splinter chanced to start, : hy, dearest, I might lose an eye " Ah, cruel I wherefore bear that mine :Of danger in thy Crinoline ?' To whisper to thee wero a joy More coveted than wealth of kings ' : i But ah? what means can I employ r Toi baffle those confounded springs I \- I'long to clasp thee to my heart, S i But all my longings are in vain; . l sit and sigh two yards apart, Anid curse the barriors of thy train. r hIy fondest hopes I must resign, ' F can't got past that Crinoline I S'. DuNsnoaNen. There ois a rnmour that 1Ir.' Tpper, the author of ".Proverbial 'Philosophy," is to, be made a baronet.-- Court. Jour .A farmier, at Cutchoque, Long Island, anbthe ;United States, has recently ploughed up 61 silver table spoons, which are supposed to have been buried there by Kidd, one of the old buccaneers. Postage-stamps were, according to the .foniteur, in use as early as 200 years ago. 'This paper quotes a postal regn lation of 1653, according to which letters bearing the inscription Post Paley shall bo carried free of expense fronm one oedl of the, town to the other, and announcing thast franking stamps are to bh had at certain places, at a sou a poice, &c.; 'It is reported that a Yankee down East has invented a machine for corking tls dayliglit, which will eventually super cede gas.-- He covers the interior of a (our, barrel with shoemaker's wax holds'it open to the sun, then suddenly Ieads tip the barrel. The light sticks tothanewax, and at night can be cut into Iits to suit purchasers.-AMiner's (Potts villa) Journal. Francis Deak, the eminent Hungarian patriot and statesman, has had a very odd aiventure with a gang of robbers who broke into the house of his brother-in- law in the country, where he was stay- ing. Deak .was kept in custody of the robbers for more than an hour and de- prived of all the valuables and money he had. Finally, when the gang had as- sured themselves that their prisoner was really Francis Deak they were inflamed with so disinterested a burst of patriotism that they gave him back his watch and honoured him with a shake of the hand all round, Tlhey, however, kept his money, and took all the plate the house contained. .Victoire Balfe, the daughlter of the po pular composer, and wife of Sir Joseph Crampton, has instituted a suit for nullity of marriageo wioithl her husband. No opposition was made on tihe part of I the respondoent ntd the case will bhe re furred to medical testimoiy. The cnase I is describedl in the pleadings as " Balfe (falsely nalled Crampton) v. Cramptons." Sotne interesting experiments have t been per.formed on thle ornamental water t "olitnthe Crvstal Palace grounds to test the 1 Spower of a man to walk thlrough water t in on upright position. A nmunber of scientific gentlemen aseembled to witness the proceedings. Tihe man who nwas to operate had on one of Stewart's patent floats, which consist of two air-tight vessels, one fitted under the chest, ind tlto other down the inback, andi communi. cating withl each other Isy a tube. These being worn under the ordlinary clothesl were not visiblo to the publlic, nil it created no small astonissment in the uninitiated to see a man enleavouring, [nf in vain, to sink himself: IHaving satisfied tihe company of the perfect btioyancy of the float, lhe next proceeded to put on a pair of Mr. Stewart'e propel ]ers. Theson re a kIindl of smalln pladdlle neatly constructed to fix on enach heel, and so arranged that wlhen the foot isoves I fiorward it cuts tlhroughl the water edge- I ways, libut as soon as it is sunbjieted to a nlateral pressure the paddle shitts, so as to I ofFltr a broad falnt surfoe of resnsTancc to I the water. 'thlis simple arrangeomenti enabled thile ma tso walk shouit the samtod as if ohe wore on latl. iThe geIntlemeiC 1 for whose infsrinmatioa the exprer'is tst were tried expressed tlhemselvest per fnitly eadtisticed withl thie result. Short dresses for the ladies are said to be coming into fashion. Seventy-nine millions of eggs were brought into this country in the first four months of the present year. A few days ago, in the Severn, near Gloucester, a salmon weighing 61 lbs. leaped into a boat as it was sailing aganiist the current. Foley, the bushranger, captured on Friday, near Bathurst, is supposed to be one of the Maudgee, mail robbers; a por tioni of the stolen notes was found on him: There is a weed'ealled the sida retusa, *nvhicli grows wild in unfrequented streets anil vacant places at Brisbane, in Easte'rn Australia, and was looked upon there as a pest. This weed has been found to yield a valuable fibre, and £30 a t·s6 for 3000 tons have been offered for it for shipment to England. The jokes of President Lincoln are constantly recorded ins the American newspapers. Here is his "last." A gentleman called upon himn, and solicited a pass for Richmond. " Well," saidOld Abe; "I would be very happy to oblige, if my passes were rsapected ; but the fact is, sir, I have within the past two years given passes to 250,000 men to go to Richmond, and not one has-got there yet." A modest-looking young lady coming one day into the rooms at Bath, when Naslh.was master of the ceremonies, he attempted to confuse and put her to the blush by his effrontery. " Well, miss," said he, " you have just come from school, I suppose, and I dare say you have read your Bible; pray can you tell md 'what-"was Tobit's dog's name ?" ! Nash, sir," replied she, "and a saucy dog he was:.' Mns' PARTINGTON :ON' COSaeeTI0s: TlThiat's a' niiw -rticle for bieaiutifyisng the'complexion,' saiid Mrs. Bibb, :hold ing up a small bottle for: Mrs. Parting= ton to look at. Sheo looked up from darning a woolleni sock for. Ike,' and took.the bottle in her liand.i " Is it, iii deed ?" said she; "w ell, they may get tup ever 'so many 'rostrums for beautify ing the complexion, but, depend upon it, the less peoploe have to do with bottles for it the:better. My neighbour, Mrs. Blotch,, has been using a bottle for a good many years for her complexion, and .her nose looks like a rupture of Moiiuit Vociferous, with the burning liather running all over the contagious territory." Tlieozas of the 10th relates the fol lowing 'horrible butchery which took place on the 28th ult., near Staro-Lipno, in the governmentt:of Augustowo, in consequence . of the .treachery' of a Russian officer .named Szajecki, who had joined the insurgents, and become:the commander of a Polish. detatchment : "Szajecki, received orders oni'tho. 24th to join, withihis detatchment, the prin cipal corps of insurgents in that district, which was then, under- the orders of SWojezynski, in the red forest, near:the: town of Snigdow. This wretch,' having previously come. to an understanding Swith the . Russian governor, of: Lomza, It encamped his men-- who had not,the e least susplicion of his intentions, and were almost without arms-in the' 'mid e dIe of a plain, where they were suddenly 8 surronnded by the Russians. The un \- fortunate men, finding -resistance vailn e implored their enemies to spare them, I but in vain, for theo.Russian officers gave 1 orders to put every Pole to death. .There: than commenced a horrible scene, which. t lasted more than three hours. The in surgents were hunted down' like wild beasts; when caught they wereo wantonly stabbed with bayonets. disembowelled, or tied to horses' tails and dragged abdtit u until death came to :their releif... 'The \- Russian officers themselves took part in Y this Ihorid scene of cruelty. Amonga s those whl showed the most ferocity were i' two captains named Fiingoffhind Arch arytoff, and a Lieutenant Zawistsivslki One gendarme of Lomza saved 'three 'in I surgents whom 'the 'Cossnckkswanted to, 1 massacre; :On, the .20th the bodiesn of 55 insurgents were interred at 'Rutk ; six others at Konleche;'and onn the fol lowing day a number wbrefound; in the I brushwood anid, corn-fields grievously. wounded,' but still living.' One.h o'f -tli em received no less tthiin'eighteeii' biydinht wounds. 'The fiumberslwh perislsed by' this act of treacheryis estimated at1l00.' A detachment of insurgents, comnsraded f by Dzewoulouski, who were encamped in thie neighbourlood, had timely -warn. ing 'f Szajeeki's treason; and made their escape.' This atrocious carnage wais af- I terwards celebrated at the Greek Church of Lomza as a brilliant victory." On. \Vennesday . morning, about'four 2 o'clock, a uean on horseback, .int.thel greatest haste, arrived in Ballasrat from Warrenheip, andreported to tile policos thht a man named Quintn, recently - rei turned from New Zealanid, had" been t brutally murdered. Mointed-troopers 1 'lart and Clarke were sent to the locality with all speedl, lwhen it was discovered that altlhoughl a row had taken place there, yet no person had actually been t lillod. It aplpears that Quinn had re turned from New Zealand, and, withl some friends, went to the house of a mani named Mackie, hIis brother-in-law, where they lhad a carouse and drank dteeply. \VlWhen thle whsikey got into thle Ieads o f tile carousers, a dispute arose amongst io them as to who was tie best mani. Hackie contended that hie was, and Quinn the reverse; whero-upon it was e decided that they should peel and de- I termine thIe knotty point. In the fiight that ensued Quinn got knockedl down, antl ( anti it is alleged that when oni the groindi hIe was kickeds abont the head by lackie. t Thu police found Quinis asleep on te I grolsnd with a blanket thrown over himn, I ntd the persons resident TA tile locality illegesl that heo was done for " clean ands t comlhuete." Tle constables turned himi over, when he awoltke from his slumberssc, ianI it was then discovered tlnt he hadl only a slight ciut on e ne of his lip, andi tant his tice wasea little swelled. Neither I of tile comilhsatasts wosldu give the otler itot custlody ; wlereupon the constabnlles returned to Balilnarat, swhere they werec baset oni every side byl persons anxious tor hear "a full and true" account of the \Varrenhleip imurder, which, fortuntately, did not take place. ' Two ships with cattle, for Dunedin, sailed from Eden; two are now loading. Trust him little who praises all ; him less who censures all; and him least who is indifferent about all. A bootmaker, at Echuca, advertises his wares as " The great Desideratum of the Age." The Sydney telegram says that twelve men were committed for trial at Young, for conspiracy to burn down a public house. The veritable " ghost" ot the London Polytechnic has made its appearance in the play of " The Castle Spectre" at the Melbourne I aymarlknt Theatre. On :Wednesday evening 'Mr. Ileales said, in answer to Mr. Kirk, that 142 pastoral tenants had neglected to pay their assessments without appealing. An American paper states that the Pension-office at Washington has lately recorded the nineteen-thonsandth appli cation of wives made widows by the war. The election for Mandurang has tor minated in the return of MIr. Casey, by a majority of sixty-six. The nunmbrs were- for Casey, 803 ; for Macpherson, 737. Mr. R. D. Ireland has been created a Queen's counsel- The late Attorney. General is the first member of the Vic-. torian bar who has received such a dis tinction. Messrs Cuthbert who were appointed Inspectors of Railways have been removed from their offices. the present Govern ment deeming the appointments to be sinecures, TOTAL ABISTINENCE SocIETT.--Facts are stubborn things-the news of a Tem perance Society existing in Penola, brought is man a distance of over sixty miles, on foot, one day.last week, to sign the temperance pledge. A.Wiltslhire dame, the mother of a large family, was one day asked the number of her children. "La, me I" she replied, rocking herself to and fro, "I've got fourteen-mostly boys and girls." A correspondent of Holden's Maga zine tells an anecdote of a woman, who, when her pastor said to her, " Heaven has not deserted you in your old age," replied, " No, sir, I have a very good appetite still." A Lamp in a lane or alight in a house is better than a polieinman or a watch dog. In like mhnner a . school is a greater protection to society .than a jail. Crime and vice thrive only in the dark. Three English travellers of distinction, Sir G. Smyth, Captain Paul, and Mr. Buller, son of Sir Yarde 'Buller, seeing rural Australia for themselves, passed through Deniliquin last week They were ,en route to the station of Mr. Francis Gwynne, at Murgah,' on the Edward. SINGULAn VIaIssrToDe OF FotiTUNE. -Within the past few days a Board of Guaridians in the Midland Counties have received an application for relief from a man who a short time ngo was himself the cliairuman of a similar board for some years. The change of fortune has not been the result of imuprovidence, nor of 'any net be could control. IHe is still a gentleman by deportment and education, and feels with agonising acuteness his sad condition.-Birminghame Daily Gazette. ELFCTORAL HINTS FR0oi Trie PsLPtT. -A:correspondent of the Bendigo Asd vertiser says.-" I am given to undor stand that Dr. Backhaus. yesterday, from the altar. directed his flock to secure their electoral privileges, by registering themselves under the Act at once, and I ani inclined to believeothat this statement is true; from the large number of that class who visited the Registrar next day." The Star reports that the- Rev. D. Frazer, a minister at Ballearat, announ ced.from his desk on Sunday, that elec 'toral rights might be procurred at cer taimi lhdes . which he named. In the debate on the subject of pen sions on TWedinesday evening,'Mr. Wood sdid "'lt was almost revolting that two y6iirs' servico should entitle a Minister to ai- pension;' and lie thought the two hon: ismembers' for Villiers and Heytes bnry. would have stood higher in the estimation of the country it they had foregone the claims they ihad put forth. Fe had no right, however, to inquire into the motives of his two honorable friends. Hle stated the cireumstances under which the regulations had been preparied; and held thatC if they were in accordance 'with the provisions of the Imperial itet, no other regulations could be framed. ' . SDesIRE. TO.INDULGE IN MUSIO. Nothing is more conmmon than spon taiinousi stininlation if the organ of Tnne. We are theti often hounted with what Maithlws balls the ghost of a tune, which intrudes itself onsall occasions, and some timies' under circumstances peculiarly lhdicrous. I have lheardl of a worthy clergymen, who, while in tihe pulpit one Sunday, felt an excessive desire to sing MIagio Lanuder; on going hIome, the tendencey to indlulge in this profane freak became irresaistible, and witilout more ado hlie went into his garden and sung the song with great glee. This slone, the inclinationr vanishled: his or gan of Tune receivedt the gratitication fcr which it was craving, and the ghost of Maggie Lauder took to flight. Aacnish's P.hrenology. A SITELETON FOUND ON 0 BoAnD A Serii.-A ciriiins discovery has just been nmade t the London Docks. It appears that, as one of thie MIessrs. Grecen's ships, named the Result, a clip per of extraordinary speed, engaged in the Australian trade, was being over lhauledl prir to some repairs to the pumps, the skeleton of a man was dis covered, inii a standling position. From the aplpearance of the remannins it is anp posed that they have been in the shipl fr three or four years. The flosh was all dried uip; Int tihe clothes remained in tolerahle preservation, and a small leather purse, contaniing 12s. in silver, wns fuindl in one of the piockets. It is presumedl tlhat the uinfortunate decensed concealed hiumself in thel most secret place hie could finl, with the view of getting a free passage to England, and was either sufifocatcd or starved to death. The Murray Gazeute says :-Our neighbours in the Ovens district have cause for rejoicing. Mr. Weeocks, " senior member for the Ovens" has been raised to the dignified position of " Whipper in" to the Ministerial party. Time was when theo Ovens was represented by a mnister of Justice. If, however, a Min ister cannot he obtained, perhaps a Min istorial " Whipper-in" is the next best thing. Thosame journal is quite amused at seeing in the list of stewards for the Banquet to Sir Ilenery Barkly, the names of Kong Meng, a Chinese store keeper, and David Syme, Esq., the publisher of the Age newspaper. Sure ly two more appropriate stewards could not have been selected. NAmnow Esc.trs.-During tlhe height of the gale on Saturday last, two of the large ornamental stone vases on tile para pet of Levy's Auction Rooms, were blown down.: The concession was so great that a largo Yorkshire paving slabl was shattered to atoms. A Melbourne merchant. who had just left the rooms, had an almost miraculous escape, one of the vases, which weighed nearly a hun dred pounds, in its descent having grazed the gentleman's arm, but without dling any matorial injmury.. H1ad the 'ase fallens en only six inches from where it did, it would havo cahsed his instantaneous death. Theo only other casunlity we have heard is that of a lady who was blown out of a tilbury and rolled over and over about three hundred yards on the Belmont Common. The latter acci dent wase owing to the lady being very small, and her crinoline being very largo, which becoming inflated caused thb'e nc cident above related-Geelong Chron icle. 