HOMES FOR DOGS. Our readers will, no doubt, remember tbo formation, some years ago, of a refuge for tlio lost and houseless dogs in London. The project, when first mooted, encountered a good deal of ridicule; but it seems that the "Home" lias now become a flourishing institu tion. Mr. William Chambers, the well- known publisher, lias suggested that a similar " Home" should lie established in Edinburgh. Judging from several letters on the subject which, have ap peared in the Scotsman, tlie suggestion lias been well received in the northern capital. One of our Edinburgh con temporary's correspondents tells the following interesting anecdote : — " Many years ago, I got a proof of the unseen, anil therefore unliolpod, miseries of the homeless dog. I was walking down Duke street, when I felt myself gently nipped in the leg. I turned, and there was a ragged little terrier crouching and abashing himself utterly, as if asking pardon for what lie had done. He then stood up on end, and begged as only these coaxing little ruffians can. Being in a hurry, I curtly praised his performance with "Good dog!" clapped his. dirty sides, and, turning, round, made down the liill; when presently the same nip, perhaps a little nippier — tlie same scone, only more intense — the same begging anil urgent motioning of his short shaggy paws. 'There's meaning in this,' sain I to myself) and looked at him keenly and differently. He seemed to twig at once, and, with a shrill cry, was off much faster than I coulcl. He stopped every now and then to see that I followed, ajid by way of putting off the time and urging me, got up on the aforesaid portion of his body, and when I came up was off again. This con tinued till, after going through sundry streets and by-lanes, we came to a gate, under which my short-legged friend disappeared. Of courso 1 couldn't follow him. This astonished him greatly. He came out to me, and as much as said, " Why tlie clont you come in ?" I tried to open it, hut in vain. My fi-iencl vanished, and was silent. I was leaving in. despair and disgust, when I heard his muffled, ecstatic yelp far off round tho end of , the wall, and there ho was, wild with excitement. I followed nnd came to a place where, with a somewhat burgla rious ingenuity, I got mysolf squeezed into u deserted coach yard, lying all rude and waste. My peremptory small friend went under a shed, and disap peared in a twinkling through the window ot an old coach body, which had long ago parted from its wheels and became sedentary. I remember the arms of the Fife family were oil its panel. I looked in and there was a pointer bitch witli a litter of five pups ! the mother like a ghost, and wild with maternity and hunger; her raging yelling brood tearing away at her dry dugs. I never saw a more affecting or more miserable scene than that family inside the coach. The poor bewildered mother, I found, had been lost by some sportsmen returning South, and must have slunk away there into that deserted place, when her pangs came, and there in that forlorn retreat, had slio been with them, rushing out to grab any clianco garbage, running back fiercely to them — this going1 on day after day, night after night. What the relief was when we got her well fed and cared for — and all her children filled and silent, all cuddling about her asleep, and she asleep too — awakening up to assure herself that this wns all true, anil that there they were, all tho five, each as plump as a plum — what this is in kind, and all the greater in amount as many outnumber one, may be the relief, the happiness, the charity exercised in a homely well-regulated dog- home. Nipper — for he was a waif — I took home that night and gave him his name. He. lived a merry life with me— showed much pluck and zeal in the killing of rats, and incontinently slew a cat which had — unnatural brute — unlike his friend— deserted her kittens, and was howling offensively inside his kennel. He died, aged six teen, healthy, lean, and happy to the last. As for Perdita anil her pups, they brought large prices, the late Andrew Buchanan, of Colt bridge, the honestest ' dogman' I ever knew, having discovered that their blood and her culture were of the best." 