III— THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. Since the date of our last Summary the Waterhouse Administration have been forced to resign office, and the " key of the situation" has been, successively in the hands of Messers Dutton, Hart, Bagot, Stow, sad Ayecs. THE VOTE OF CENSURE. Mr. Datton, on Tuesday June 30th, succeeded in effecting a most unquestionable coup <Tetat. He carried a vote of censure against Ministers without so much as giving notice of bis intention to move one. He may truly say— Veni, Vidi, Vici; —but though he has gained a victory we would not give him a brass farthing for it. Hair-splitting critics may say that he has not gained a victory, inasmuch as his motion was defeated by the casting vote of the Speaker. Bat the political value of such a casting-vote is— nil. The Speaker, in giving that vote, censored the Government, and in explaining the grounds of it distinctly avowed that whilst on a point of form his rote was with the Ministry, substan tially it was against them. Had Mr. Datton given " notice " of motion instead of bringing it forward without notice, Mr. Speaker would have given his casting vote against the Government. Estimating the actual value of Tuesday's divi sions (for there were three of them) they amount to this—that- Mr. Dutton has over thrown the Government. In the last session of Parliament the sum of £25,000 was voted for immigration, but of this amount an unexpended sum of £7,500 had been carried by the Treasurer to the credit of the general revenue for the year ending June 30, 1864\. The Treasurer felicitated himself upon being able to commence the new finannial year with a trifling credit balance, instead of—as cus tomary —a heavy deficit. 'But this credit balance had been produced by the " absorption" into the general revenue of the £7,500 remain ing unexpended of the immigration vote of last year, and this, Mr. Dutton moved, was deserv ing of the censure of the House. The Govern ment explained that they had no intention what ever of diverting one shilling of the revenue from tile purposes for which it was voted, and they stated that ships were already chartered that would more than swallow up the amount. But the House was not satisfied with die way in which the accounts had been dealt with, and refused to allow the Treasurer to proceed with the Estimates. The motion for going into Committee was negatived, and the substitution of Mr. Dntton's amendment was carried; but on moving for the adoption of the motion in its new form, Mr. Barritt (who had not previously voted) gave Ids vote for the Government, and produced a tie. The question then rested in the hands of tie Speaker, who gave a casting vote in favor of the Government—^iot on the merits of the question, bat on the ground that Mr. Datton had brought forward bis motion without giving notice of it, and had thus taken the House and the Government by surprise. Mr. DDTTON SENT FOB. The Governor, on the recommendation of the outgoing Ministry, has eent for Mr. Dutton, and that gentleman is now engaged in the important, and under present circumstances difficult task of endeavouring to form a Cabinet. Capt. Hart has declined to join him, and this, no doubt, is itself a sore discouragement. Still, it is within the bounds of possibility^ that Mr. Dutton may find four gentlemen willing to act with him; and if so, the Legislature will, as they always have done, give the new men a -fair trial. But can Mr. Dutton form a permanent Government F Can he organize a strong Govern ment P Can he construct a Government "with a policy?" We doubt it. And if he cannot do this, how will he be able to face an Opposition much superior in aggregate ability, and much more united than the Opposition which have just achieved so unexpected a triumph? Can Datton, Bagot, Lindsay, and Kingston (whose names have been mentioned), hold their seats against Blyth, Milne, Stow, and StrangwaysP It may be said they can, if the House will support them. No doubt of it; but witt the House support them F That depends upon their policy; but the question of policy is the very last upon which they are likely to agree. Mr. John Baker has been named for the office of Chief Secretary. Mr. John Baker is, how ever, too shrewd a politician to fall into any such trap. That gentleman knows very well how unwise it would be for him to take office, not being in Parliament; and he also knows that to forestal the verdict of the country by assuming what will be the result of the election might very likely lose him a large number of votes. Neither would he wish to form part of a weak or pro tempore Administration. Nor could he act, ministerially, with some of the gentlemen whose names have been mentioned in connection with the other offices of the Government. Of course the new Ministry must have a policy of some kind; and Mr. Datton cannot expect to get men of any standing to join him unless the leading features of die new pro gramme are arranged satisfactorily beforehand. We may ask in what way will the ad valorem duty question be settled ? This itself will vastly complicate matters] yet it is a question that cannot be evaded. Mr. Datton makes it his boasUthat he con sulted no one as to whether he should or should not bring forward a vote of censure upon the Government. If this is correct, nothing can more strikingly exhibit his want of tact. Does any one suppose that a vote of censure upon a a Government at home would ever be brought forward without previous consulta tion and arrangement ? Here we have a crisis got up on the spur of the moment, the prime mover avowing, at the outset, his total ignorance of what mil be the fate of his motion ! fie has consulted with no one ; he knows not whether any one will vote for him— but there sit the Government, and he must knock them over if he can. We say this is not the way to deal with the Government of a country, and should Mr. Dutton succeed in forming a Ministry, we have no doubt he will then entirely agree with us as to the undesirable ness of coups of this sort. If the Government have done wrong, let them suffer the penalty; bat let proceedings be initiated with something like the decorum and deliberation due to great questions. It is an outrage upon all propriety to move a vote of censure without giving previous notice. The accused have a right to demand at least a few hours to prepare the evidence necessary for their defence, and the Legislature have a right to be previously warned of the im portant and critical business intended to be brought on, Mr. Datton has established a very bad precedent, and one which he may yet reap the bitter fruit of. He cannot expect any other treatment than that which he has shown to the late Government; and he most be well aware that others are as great adepts in political sharp shooting as he is. We do not, however, wish Mr. Dutton to misunderstand our remarks. Should he succeed in forming a Ministry we shall demand for him fair play, land shall cer tainly oppose the application to himself of the unfair rule that he has laid down with regard to his predecessors. SUBSEQUENT COMBINATIONS. Mr. Dutton at length succeded in forming a Ministry, consisting of Mr. Hart, Chief Secretary; Mr. Andrews, Attorney-General; Mr. Giyde, Treasurer; Mr. Townsend, Com missioner of Public Works; and Mr. Datton, Commissioner of Crown Lands. As the whole of these gentlemen held seats in the Assembly, the Legislative Council protested against the arrangement as unconetituiional, and forthwith adjourned for a fortnight. The Ministry there upon resigned, and a week was consumed in vain efforts to construct a Government. Even tually die Hon. H. Ayers was requested by His Excellency to form a Ministry, in which duty he succeded, as the following Gazette Ex tranrdivary, issued an hour or two afterwards, sufficiently proved:— Governor's Office, Adelaide, July IS, 1863. His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief has this day been plaased to make the following appointments:— The Honorable Henry Ayere, M.L..C, to be Chief Secretary, vice John liart, Esquire, M.P., resigned. John Hart, Esquire, H.P., to be Treasurer, vice LavingtoD Glyde, J£sq., M.P., resigned. Bichard Bullock Andrews, Esquire, M.P., to be Attor ney-General. tavington Glyda, Esquire, M.P., to be Commissioner of Crown Lauds and Immigration, vice Francis {Stacker Dutton, Esquire, M.P., resigned. Philip Santo, Esquire, M.P., to be Commissioner of Pabiic (forks, vice William Townsend, Esquire, ALP., resigned. Sy corjun&nd;, R. D, BOSS, Acting Private Secretary. THE NEW GOVEBNMENE. On Wednesday last a debate took place in the House of Assembly of a nature not less painful than unexpected. The day previously the hon. member for West Ton- ens (Mr. Strangways) tabled the following notice:— "That he will ask the Hon. the Treasurer (Mr. Hart) whether die Hon. the Chief Secre tary (Mr. Ayers) has yet made up his mind as to the course he will pursue with regard to the Tariff Bill; and if so, whether it is the intention of the Chief Secretary to vote for or against or to abstain from voting on the second reading of that Bill; and also whether it is the intention of the Chief Secretary to support or oppose or to abstain from supporting or opposing that measure in all its details during its various stages through the liegislatare ?" On Wednesday he asked the question, con necting with it rather more " remarks" than are usually indulged in on similar occasions, the said remarks bearing somewhat hard upon the Ministry in general, and upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary in particular. The Treasurer (Mr. Hart) replied that he had obtained a written answer from the Chief Secretary, which he would read. It was as follows:— " The Hon. the Chief Secretary declines to answer the question put by Mr. Strangways, No. 3, on this day's notice paper, on the ground that, while he acknowledges die right of an hon. member to ascertain the general policy of the Government, he denies the right of an hon. member to question him as to how he proposes to vote on any question under consideration in another branch of the Legislature." On this being read, Mr. Strangways rose again and moved a formal motion—" That the House at its rising do adjourn," &c.; and in so doing denounced in strong language what he interpreted as the insult offered to the House by the Hon. the Chief Secretary. The Treasurer defended the Chief Secretary, and then diverged into a defence of the general policy of the Ministry. The House, however, would not be decoyed from the scent. The ex- Treasurer (Mr. A. Blyth) charged the Treasurer with throwing dost into the eyes of hon. members, and brought back the question to its starting point. There upon tne discussion became general; general in a double sense; for not only did nearly every member speak, but they spoke on nearly every imaginable subject. But amidst the melee the main point was not lost sight of, and eventually Mr. Kingston moved that the reply of Mr. Ayers (which the Cler^ had copied into the book) be expunged from the records; to which Mr. Strangways added—and that the paper handed in by the Treasurer be returned to mat hon. gentleman. The debate was at times very bitter and personal, and after a long discus sion the motion of Mr. Kingston as supple mented by Mr. Strangways was carried, and the Clerk forthwith handed back to the Treasurer the Chief Secretary's reply. Meanwhile the Hon. the Chief Secretary himself was calmly and quietly sitting' in the Legislative Council Chamber conducting business in Committee; never once troubling the gallery of the Assembly, nor suffering his attention to be diverted from what he was engaged with. As regards Mr. Ayers we are sure that it was not his intention to offer any insult to the House of Assembly. The Attorney-General said that if the reply was offensive to the House, it was unwittingly so, and this we believe, Mr. Ayers would not so far forget himself as to manufac ture insults for the House of Assembly, even if his disposition were inclined that way. But it is not inclined that way. That the reply proved to be offensive cannot be denied; it did give offence, and the House resented severely what they deemed to be an affront. But again we say—no insult to the House was contem plated by M>*. Ayers. The fact is he regarded the question as not emanating from the House, but emanating from an individual member; and in declining to answer the question which an in dividual member had put, he did not mean to say that he would not have answered the same question if it had been put in compliance with the vote of the House. He denied that he, as Chief Secretary, was accountable to an indi vidual member; but he did not deny his ac countability to the House as a body. Had Mr. Strangways' question been embodied in a mo tion, so that "it could have been stamped with the sanction of the House of Assembly, Mr. Ayers would have answered differently. W?? believe the foregoing is Mr, Aycrs's view, and we are satisfied that no one who voted against him on Wednesday will begrudge him the benefit of the explanation. And, we must farther say, there is force in the distinction thus drawn. Let us suppose, for example, that instead of giving notice th^t he would " ask a question" Mr. Strangways had given notice that he would " move that in the opinion of this House the Chief Secretary ia bound to say which way he will vote on the Tariff Bill." If instead of asking a question—which does not go to a vote—he had tabled a motion which tooidd go to the vote, it is possible tliat the motion would have been negatived, and if ucgatived the enquiry could not have been made. Now we will suppose that 10 members had voted in favor of such a motion and 12 against it—the enquiry could not then be made, and Mr. Ayers would hare' been justified in refusing to satisfy the curiosity of 10 gentlemen, inasmuch as J.2 gentlemen said " nay." But as it did not take the form of a motiou, but the form of a question, Mr. Ayers is held to be under an obligation to reply, though in so doing lie is not obeying any vote or order of the House, but the wish of one solitary member only. This is the view Mr. Ayers took of the matter; he did not under stand that the House of Assembly asked him any question ; he only knew that an individual member asked it; and he had no means of ascertaining whether the House approved or disapproved of the enquiry, or of the form in which it was made. But as to the enquiry itself, we think it was a I perfectly proper oae. Whatever Mr. Ayers's reasons for not answering it, the enquiry was natural and proper. It might have been better embodied in a motion, so that it could have gone forth stamped with the sanction of the House, but looking at it in its essence and substance, and apart from conditions and circumstances, it was a very natural and proper question. It was whether the Head of the Government mould support or oppose the financial policy of tlte Ministry. Such a question cannot be regarded as trivial, secondary, or indifferent. It is of vital importance. Open questions in Cabinets there have been, and will be again, but no one ever heard of the Budget being an open question ; no one ever heard of a Minister being allowed to remain neutral or to refuse to support his colleagnes in their financial policy. We consider, therefore, that the House of Assembly were and are quite justified in demanding to know, without any reservation or equivocation i whether the Government will, one and all, support, vote for, and carry out the Tariff Bill. With regard to the answer given by the Hon. Mr. Ayers, we have already said that it was an answer to Mr. Strangway?, and not an answer to the House. But it was an error of judgment, even considered as an answer to an individual. The Hon. the Chief Secretary certainly did not know that a majority of the Assembly would support Mr. Strangways in pushing the question to such a speedy issue, but he could not tell that they would not; and it was unwise to take the course that was taken. But Mr. Ayers is new to the formalities of official life, and has not (like Mr. Strangways) had bitter experience to guide him. It will not be forgotten that on a former occasion a reply of Mr. Strangways, then Commissioner of Crown Lands, was resented by the House as an affront, and was handed back to that hon. gentleman. He resigned his office, and his colleagues resigned with him; although when the Ministry was reconstructed, Mr. Strangways, the offending individual, was restored, 'and Mr. Bagot, who had been all along as mild as milk and as sweet as sugar, was cast oat. Whether former analogies will, either wholly or in part, be again repeated, we cannot at present state. It is, however, a singular coincidence that Mr. Ayers's paper should be handed back to him on the motion of Mr. Strangways, who was himself the subject of a similar visitation not so very long ago. During the course of tie discussion some ex ceedingly foolish things were said by gentlemen who ought to know better, forgetting how the business of the country has been obstructed by faction-fighting and' place-hunting; forgetting how much valuable time has been lost by persons eager for office vainly trying to form Ministries, without the ghost of a chance of being successful; forgetting how seriously the public business has been retarded through the complications caused by men per sisting in holding office to carry out measures to which they are conscientiously opposed and which they have vehemently denounced;—for getting all this—the real obstruction —the real stumbling-block—the only real dead-lock—there were hon. members who affected to regard the Legislative Council as the impediment to public business; and the hon. the Treasurer (the first time we ever had a revolutionary Treasurer) went so far as to threaten that if the Council persisted in the course which they deem consti tutional and proper, the Assembly would raise revenue by resolution of the Assembly alone! Let him try it on. The public know that they cannot be legally taxed except by Act of Parliament, and that there can be no Act of Parliament that has not passed both Houses and been assented to by the Governor. Of course the Treasurer's threat is a brtilum ful/men., and very harmless thunder too. He does not mean what he says —but we do mean what we say when we assure him that the people of this colony will not pay taxes unless they are legally levied, and the Government that attempt to levy taxes not authorized by Act of Parliament will do it at their own personal risk and periL Of course we shall be told that nothing of the laud was ever intended. We do not suppose anything of the kind ever was intended; but it is worse than childishness to talk revolutionary non sense without having any revolutionary ideas, or any revolutionary intentions, or any revolutionary pluck. Even the hypothetical threat of such a course comes with bad grace from legislators who are bound to obey die Constitution Act; but coining from the Treasury benches it would be treason if it were not folly. The Legislative Council have ever proved themselves anxious to carry on the busi ness of the country, but they demand to have a member of the Government there to conduct the business of the country, and they demand to have a Minister there who believes in and is friendly to the policy he is officially responsible for. There is nothing obstructive in this; nothing unreasonable; nothing that should lead to idle threats of legislating by resolution. In an Appendix to our Summary will be found reports of some of the speeches in Parii. ment witu reference to various questions Of importance recently brought under consideration 