SMISCELLANEOUS. TOE LATI HfENRY LANOLANDS, Esq. -The disease of this gentleman took place on Monday. During a period of neaily 16 years, Mr. Henry Langlands led a life of quiet and unobtrusive useful ness in this city. Born in Londdn during the year 1794, he was, therefore, at the tine of his decease, 69 years of age. A linen-draper by trade, at the age of 21 ho changed his residence from London t to Glasgow, where he contin.:ed for up wards of thirty years. Ho landed in t this colony on the, 1st January, 1847, and immediately became connected with his brother in the Port Phillip Foundry. During Ihis residence in Glasgow, Mr. c Langlands was identified with every a public measure for ameliorating the con- r dition of his fellow-mesn, lie took an t active part in the Catholic Emancipa- t tion, the Reform Bill, and anti-slavery movements. In this colony his course I has been the same. He took a leading t part in the anti-transportation movement, and was one of the twelve who contri bute'd £1000 each for carrying it out to a practical result. Since that period Ithe has been more or less associated with every movauent in the city of a religious or benenolent character. The Hospital, the Benevolent Asylum, the Itnmigrants' Aid Society, and kindred associations, have ever found in him a steady friend; while he has rendered material support to societies, of a religious character, such as the City and Seamen's Missions and the Bible Society Wherever virtue is esteemed and honored, the death of men posessed of sterling integrity and prin ciple must be regarded as a public cala tmity, and we are afraid it will be some tiume before the blank lhichlt Mr Lang .land's death has caused will be filled up. IMroR'rANT TO OWNERS Os PAD nocsa.-Jacob Marks v. Miles Murphy. Unlawful detinue of two horses and one mare, £O 00. F'or plaintilf, Mr. Forbes; tbr delfendant, Mr. Allman. The dc fendlant pleaded not guilty, and that the horses -vero, previously to the al leged cause of action, placed in defen dant's paddock, at the rate of 2s Gdl per Ihead per week ftr sustenace ; thlat at the time of commencing the action there was due fbr sustenance £7 12s. and upwardls,whichI sns plaintiff had 'cfrquen~tly beeu' asked to pay, but neg lected to do so ; and thalt the defendant possessed a lien on tlme sail horses until the said sumt was paid.-lMr.. Forbes submitted to his honor that the I above was no plea' to this action ; it v was not pleaded as a set-off--Mr. A ll mau argued that the defente was sufi cient as a plea of justification.--lis [louor stated that persons taking Ihorses for agistment had no legal lien asupon the horses, but must sute for tihe . recoeryv of the aounlllat. Evidenco of tih dalhslage suIst.aiLiald Iby the plaintffit, .who is contrata r tfr carriu g ithe massils is btwcen Yass andl inalaong, and Bita hloag andl 'aggs WaLais, Was tlheta I dano into at; some lenath, after awhich his linnor asss.,sedl the altages atit £25 ; amnl drductaig 17 ls. for agistmtent of the horses, gaa, a verdict l or plaintiff for £17 10s, andl ordered the restoration of the horses within a one week,-lass Courier, :Sir:FranOis MInrphy has been elected chtairman of the National Bank of Aus tralasia in the room' of Mhr. George Rolfe, wbhd' is about proceeding to Europe. .A report was current in th" city on Saturday'thatMr.? H. S. Chapmani islikely to offer himtself as is caididate for Morin ington, and thiatMr. Francis will have to encounter some liostility at Richmond; brit the general belief appears to be that alltlie"inewr Ministers will be re-elected, aind most of ithem without opposiion.i' T 'Li C.?r or'Pirce Gowi?r.--The Plice Gazetteu: iiifies thit a ticketlf icavil lihnieeii gramited 't5 Peter G(,irrie, am aborlitial, wholio ,swas chnvicted at. lPortiatid on the 10ti M0ay,. 1Sti2, of timurdering Ins lIurae said sentenced to lediie hit iPnr r Jusitice Mulesnorth ptlheticilly. iidinng, " May the Loill have tiiiro.tiy on, your ignorant and sinful i Iduli.":-' t h"'sentence was cnmmuted to imiptsosiinuti for: life; but np\w, after biing isliarcerated exactly- thirteen months, Peter walks abroad a free man. On referring to the report of the trial, which appeared in our columns on the tlth May, 18(12, we find' that Peter muurdered two aboriginal females; but the .Crown Prosecntor elected to go t uponi ne charge first, keeping the other back in case of the first breaking down. How far the aborigines should be sub jected to the discipline of strange laws in cases of murder, is a question for jurists, and is always made the most of by counsel for: the defence. But to solemnly pass sentence of death, then have the senteince commuted to impri sonment for life, and aftbr. all, without any reoson stafed,'liberited on a ticket of-leave, after only .thirteen morthls' 'onfineuiient, mist give blitlt.blackfollowsis and wliitefellowns 'a strange ,ilea ?:of justice and its crooked "way'.-~ Geloiihg Advertiser, June 28. ' '" ' Loafers are a low-bred class;, who won't eairn their :read. Thlieyo'are to be " found in all coinmunities', and'in all places, especially iii police and other law courts, at.meetings of municipal bodies, on wharves, railway stations, and at public-house .bars. 'T'he loafer has a greasy unwashed appearance, his hair unkept, liisliat shockinglbad, boots down at' heels, and a marked deficiency of buttons on his apparel ; his linen is rag ged-has the appearance of having been washed in coffee. He is a great poli tician, knows more of the Land Question than- Duffy; can solve is knotty law poaint better than the Chief Justice ; finds fault with the decisions of Magistrates, imputes all kinds of corrupt practises to Municipal. Councillors, charges all public servants with thieving and dishonesty, and believes himself to be the 'wiseat, clearest-headed, cleverest, and at the same time most ill-used, unappreciated 'man in the world. Offer him work, t yotuinsult him, but heo is not too proud . to borrow a shilling. lie is immense at all elections, talks loudly and conti dently of the shortcomings of the can ,didates, and if lie happens to have a vote,(rarely the case), interrupts andi causes. a disturbance at every publio meeting. He is alhays to be seen in the 'front seats of the gallery of the Supreme ICourt, in the front row of the audience at the Police Court, and at meetings of Municipal Councils, especially in the suburbs, occupies (altho' hlie pays no rates) the most prominent position to be obtained. Hli genernlly has a .wife and largo family-the former lie beats, the latter hlie starves. IHe is. d public nuisance, and should be punished under the Vagrant Act; lie Wvill, ultimately, be the cause of poor-law unions and the other dread paraphernalia of pauperism i in the colony.--Melbourne .Punch. A serious accasation against the chief officer of an American ship, which lately r arrived in [Iobsons's Bay, was brought under our not:ce yesterday. On Thurs a day two English sailors who belonged to this ship went, to the police-office in Swanston-street, desiring to lodge an iti e formation for muider against an officer g of their vessel. They said a Scotchman, whose name was not given, joined the i- ship at New York, as an able seaman, o but, when at sea, being found very incapa e ble, hlie was continually getting into trou h ble with the officers. On Thursday is week, as the vessel was nearing port, he i, was sentaloft to.scrape and grease the s' royal-mast. It having been observed to a, the oflicer that the sailor could " do no I; good there," the officer announcedthbat rt Ihe would "go and see what he was :h doing," and went aloft. Hero, they state, hd he commenced rating the sailor; and, is taling hold of a stout rope, the strands on of which the sailor had used for making a- temporary ratlines, bheat him furiously a- about the head. Whether the sailor was ao knocked down by a blow, or became in sensible front the beating and relaxed his p. holl, they could not say; but lie fell a- from hlis position, crying out," I am mur y. dared." In falling, hlie struck fthe cross so trees, but his fill was not arresteb, andl ;nfter oel or two complete somIersaults, e- Ie canme heavily to the deck. lie never at spoke after his fall, andl death ensued it a- sbout twenty minutes. After giving their n- Iarnrative, the men wvere infdrmted that the )d police-coutrt, having no Adoinilrty juris.. at diction, was not competent to take cog on nizance of tihe accusation ; anld they were do. lirected to coimmuinicate withl the Amo, atrican Consul os the matter. The ineon g- proceededl to the Consul's ?lfice. and re nt poaled to Ihint thle iforegoit?g statenent, . es the calitoin of the vessel his: pret:cent at r. the tinm. \Vo ado isformtel iliat, after lie hicaritg their tale, the Consil soidl, if lhe it were ti forrward the eccised iii esttrody 1 to Nsew Ysork t.intsweri tile ciri'ev, lie ii. shouil get notsis0ance 1'om the Govern. las enllt ill so i(oill?g; ult is l ii a f(rrnLa ' Socrsion, \ hero he talnk ipon hislnol f to f irward a sUpluosetd ,stlnderl to answer a s' similhr charge, after paying the whole of expense of hisi tranrsmissit,, ho was 1ff, seir aoiii tO I'eCoveIr thi a nlllulllllt, I10 nOW ls declinedl to sabject himself to a like lss a- ibv thle adoption l' o t'an?imilarcourso. The i teCi woere told if they remiained withs the hvessel till its return to phrt, thdy woulho t then hieiro an oliiortunity of bringing an their aceasatiin flrward. 'hey saEnid t they wSonll never got back in the ship, as ld they would fear being murdneredi on the in voyage. And this the matter atpresont stands--.drglus, R9th Jutno. There are thousands who cover not only praise, but the reputatiun of dep.pi ning it. It is said that En nlaud now requires 300,000 bushels of breadstuff a day, more than her crops can furnish. A child two years of age has been t poisoned in London by sucking lucifer matches. The ritilsh residents in San Francisco have contributed l1116 10s for the re lief of the distress in I.aneashire. SLAVERY A.T . DIScoCNT.-One a hundred anod thirty slaves are reported I to have been s.,Id in Maryland at an 1 average of only five dollars each. The Rev.Dr. Norman M Levd,Glasgow. a was among those specially invited by n Her Majesty to be present at the mar- v riage of the Prince of Wales. The cricketers of Dunedin have com- b menced a movement with the view of getting the All England Eleven over to h play a match with twenty-two of New- t Zealand, during the next season. A committee, including his Honor the Superintendent, has been appointed to communicate with Mr Marshall as to the f possibility of arranging a match, and upon what terms, and when. A VETERacr f - TA John Pringle, a native of Fife, who was Nelson's relebra bratedcoxswain on board the Victory, . and who has nearly attained the age of 104 years, took yart in the demonstra tions of the 10th at Newton-Abbot. During his period of service in the navy be was present at the battles of the Nile, Trafalgar, Alexandria, &c.;, and is men- I tioned by Southey as the man who , gathered the surrendered swords of the I French and Spanish captains at Trafalgar "'up under his arm like a bundle ofl faggots."-Dundee Advertiser. i STRANGE MASCCLIyE ScrPP.IOiTV ! -The last sensation in Paris is a man who has a perfect genius for making and fitting women's dresses. le is a called the Pontiff of the Petticoat. He a not only makes the ladies' dresses, hbt 1 he puts the dresses on the ladies. • Sometimes as many as fifty carriages are in front of his door at the same time, the feminine owners being up t stairs having their dresses put on, as a dress should be put on. For cutting a dress be charges tefi dollars; for dress ing a lady he charges fifteen dollars for fitting her for a dinner, and twenty five dollars for a party. As AWKWARD PostlTow.-A letter from Stuttgardt says:-" One night last week a destructive fire broke out in a house adjoining our Zoological Garden, It was a horrible spectacle to see the fury, of the animals, terrified by the sight of the fire, and by the extreme I heat. Nothing could exceed the rage of the ferocious inmates of the garden. particularly of the lions and bears, and in-order to calm them, the keepers were obliged to be constantly deluging them with cold water. The military autho \- rities sent a detachment of riflemen to fire on the animals in case it should be found impossible to save thetm. Fortu 'nately that extremity was not found ':ecessary, as the fire was exttnguished." ? a?scase WmrrTtos.-Towards the end of last week the city was placarded :with ,bills announcing the publication of a pamphlet entitled "The abominations of the Wroeites exposed," by Allan Stewart. This pamphlet was made the \- subject of proceedings in the City Police Court on Monday, when Lorimer Lison, manager far Messrs Abbott and Co., the printers (the principal of the firm being in England}, was committed for trial on a charge of " printing and circulating obscene writings." The defendant said that he felt himself justified in publish ing the objectionable passages in the work, as one of them was writ:oen by Dr. Milton, "an educated man and an ordained minister," who ought to have been a reliable judge to the propriety of the language. The passage written by Dr. Milton is unquestionably the illthiest and most obscene in the book, and ought never to have been published. !We cannot, however, recognise the justice of making the printer bear the whole brunt of the punishment, and we would suggest the propriety of immedi ately lodging an information against \- Allan Stewart and Dr. Milton. This %:woild not only be a punishment merited by the authors of such filthy lucubrations, but'it might also prevent themn from re peating the late scenes of St.' George's :]fall in the Princess's Theatre to-mor r6owevening. The published book may 'lie had enmigh, but the speeches unblush. 'ingly delivered before an audience of two 'thottsand on WVednesdav evening last fwere.` a. great deal worse.-A- e, 16th " un- : :. . . . Tint CONFEDERATn Lor.s-The 3 . ,G0,0lJ00-:nsven per cent. cotton loan S of tlhe Co»ifederate States is out at last, ::'ind is receiveda: with great favoneur i iLondoeh n; well as in?.Paris, hmster 'dlimeiand Frankftlort, where it was issued asinleiltaneously. Tlhetereis aro, an in C t''st of seven per cent. at 90, :equiva ]lent to abliout eight per cent. interest, and a title to cotton at the rate of Gd ia : pound otr every boad of Confederate stock thus held, or 4,0001b of cotton for ;£100, this to le cliee?ed at aty time ".not nlater than six months after the coneclsion of peace between the pre sent belligerents." If the holder chooses to run the risk of running the -blockado, it appears that hle may have his cotton as soon as lhe pleases after the sixty days' notice of conversion, which he is bhund to give, has expired. But, of course, for the bulk of those who may take up this loan, it will be speculative on the clhance of an early peace bietween the North andl South. If after tihe peace with thle North is mnIs, the Soeth is (othlerwise) at peace, the cotton will be delivered at the parts of New Orleans, BSavannah, ObCarleston, and Moblile; if tihe Southl is at war wtih auy firnrin power, tuhen it will bie delivered at pintln : In tlo interior withinl ten miles ,fa r iil road or streeam navigable to thei on- it The whole leann is lhighly sperialiri-; bat the scrilp his already reached, fiae per ceit. pracium, iand the nnomuitt nominally appllied for in Londont is said to be £5,00oO0t), ar live tilts as mucli as will be nllsttesl is L.snon. The lists wil be cl,,sedu o00 S,,ttlarylt, at 't ri o'Cloclk.-.Spe?cttor, March 21. : ,·.: i.. ::. Sa.r.G GnacE.-Dlr. Johnson told Mrs. Pi.zzi that he ' huffed' his wife so is often about the dinuer not being well tel pr,'pire I, that att shite called to him sts when ab.ut to cay grace, with : ' Nay, a Mr. Johnu?n, do nt make a farce of of thaniking God for a dinner which in a th few moments you will pronounce not on eatable. VrcsssrrTDES oFPEERiOE TITLES.- ir The Dukedom of Clarence has never to passed to atn heir. The first five Dukes te of Gloucester died violent deaths. Thi- tri Earldoms of Shrewsbury and Waterford an have never since the time of Charles II. stI descended to a son. Letus oil the other of aide, quote the fdllwing instance ofper- gr manency, greater even thin that of the fit well-known family of Pnrkis in the New St Forest :-At Ambrose's Barn, on the se; borders of Throp, near Chertsey, resides th a farmer, Mr Wapshot, whose ancestors plt have dwelt on the sname slot ever since the time of Alfred the Great, by whom cu the farm was granted to Reginald Wap- wl shot. - ' Tue WonD "Gaa~TorT-"-Tn the 8 field of La Penta, in the llavannah. on is the 1st September, 1S51, General Lopez th was executed by order of the Spanish so Government, who had captured him to after alnost hunting him to death with at bloodhounds. The Spanish mode of exe- a; cution, by means of an instrument called Il the garotta-a strap fastened to the back w o a heavy chair, in which the victim is C seated to be strangled-was rather fully' sc described in the neon spapers, as the death C of General Lopez was at that time a subject of the deepest interest. This was - probably the first occasion on which the m British public has heard of the g',rotta, li] and so great was the fascilation of horror ot implied by the mode of death so descri- a bed, that people took the earliest oppor- at tunity of adopting the word, and the la verb " to garotte," ivas found useful to M1 denote a method of robery which arose In about the same time, and of which we te have unfortunately heard a great deal too so much ever siuca.-AItheneum. a5 A WnTrr SLAtE.-The Cairo corres pondent of theVeto e York Tribune com- tl municates the following narrative:-" A 0 certain planter's daughter in Mississippi to was seduced. To hide her shame site g gave her child, a girl, at its birth to a slave woman, along with moner, to bring I up as her own. The child lived and ti became the mistress of the planter's son h who succeeded to the estate. She had M by him five children, and among them I the man I refer to, Charles Gravyon. it This was in Calhoun County, Mississippi, h three miles from Paris. 'ithe father was at one time clerk of the Court. At six I years of age Charles was sold to William I Steen, in the neighbourhood, and about I this time his parentage was told to him by his mother. He ran away, was cap tured, and treated with great harshness. lie was made to do more work titan the other slaves. The object was to break t him down. He proved to be strong and I able to bear all the burdens put upon him. In December the 3d Michigan Cavalry came into the vicinity, Grayson thenl took a horse and rode into their lines. lie was employed as a cook for the non-com missioned officers of Company F, Captain Theodore .Reese. Becoming anxious about his future condition, he proposed to go North. The above.named officer and several substantial citizens of Jackson Tennessee, as well as a General high in command, assisted him ; and a few days ago he passed through this place on his way to Cass County, Michigan. He has t been a slave for 17 years, is now 23 years of age, has straight light hair, fair, i blue eyes, a sandy beard, and evidently is a white man, with no drop of black I blood in his veins. HIe has a singular t appearance. He is totally' ignorant. t He scarcely knows what freedom is. Iie knows little more than that he is a white 1 man. A negro slave has a subdued, and and yet at times a gay air. On the con trary, Charles Grayson is always abject and gloomy. He hardly knew how to i thank the friends here who helped him t to get his tickets ; he seemed almost cold to the friend, a native of Boston, who had done most. This was the result of \- his long oppression, which has made him t suspicious of every human being. In I t many respects his case resembles that I of Caspar Hauser." A [LADIES' COMMITTEE.----i t a leading seaport town, very recently, a committee s of ladies met to deoide upon the disposal of certain funds raised with the object of I presenting a bridal gift to the Princess Alexandra. Nearly forty Idtlies at a tended thefirst meeting, atswhich it was t resolved, after much debate and no'little t-difference of opinion, to have a casket I decorated with local views, made out of a some old local relics. At the next meet a ting, the lady who had presided at the , first, and who had a right to preside on Ievery occasion, was passed over, and \- another lady moved into the chair. It I isonly jostice to say that, unlike others, \- ishe behaved with dlignity. 'Thelo first • resolution adopted, atter much wrangi ling, was to rescind tie one previously Spassed in fitvour of a casklet. The de. Iate titan ran high, .most of the ladies r lhavingdifferont opiniolns as to the suit a able article fr a pIresent. Amildst the. a confusion which prevailed, the wairds' . "bracelet,"" cross,,' "diaden,"' cradtle,', r " stomachtr," coull bhleard rising above e the din. The strife at length subsided e into single combhats, attd the eclnamatiaons, S'( Story.teller I" and "Yoit're another I' ha' What do you tknow of diamonds , except Irish n(es ?" -" Of course your y Itaste is better than anlyotis else's I" were e freely handied about; till at lhngth a ni lady; after weeping bitterly, wans carried le ihitilng onlt of the room. But the fracas is did nisot end here. An embryo M.P., SIwho:hadl tlaken an active part ilu , vflftir. and who advocated the teloction if of a diaimind: cross, whichl was then in Sthe pusdeasion of a.local jewellor, was ,siteitlked fiercely, and aceleesel of having :i interetc in thle sahle of the airtiolo--in fllt lint hlie wanted to mlake a,profit'out ;if thu tirnisanction..'Bt the cross lsrty, a s?i? of whoin had .'strengthuned their t'lillsio byI" Ilnging their deltghtltera t Svotei, earlied the day, attl it: w?as a lolted.i We believe the iewtoel is very sihilur to the one which the hldles pl' LijverpuOl lntrp.se presenting. to the Pii ncess?-.-ieerueoel Albio s ;s " By the S.~ammut, from St. Francisco, we learn of a terrible shipwreck. A uc telegram from Sydney says:-" The c1 steamer Anglo-Saxon, from Liverpool, 31 was wrecked off Cape Race, on the 27th tI of April. Three hundred and fifty of ti the passengers and crew were lost, and E only ninety-seven saved. "DounLEc ScRne Pnor ELLEts.-An vs itnportant improvement in naval archi- '1 tecture has recently been satisfactorily b tested. The steamer Kate, has been tl tried at the Nore with a double screw- Is an arrangement which enables her to ni steer rapidly and easily without any use g of the rulder, and to turn with the greatest facility where ordinary steamers in tind the operation one of much dificulty. It Should the rudder be shot away, the an screws, lehich are not at all exposed to l the enemy's shot, would still give com- Z plete steering power. cl An Interesting Hylpothesis has gained n currency to the effect that the voices of st white men, reported to have been heard u Iv a Mr. Wilson while passing up s5 Bribie Passage a few weeks ago, may 'I have belonged to the cast-away crew of tt the Jane Sommerville, which has been tr so long given up as lost. 'Taking this 3 for what it is worth, it would not be an unworthy task to institute a search g am0ongst the mangrove scrubs of the v locality indieated. Frankly. however, f we can entertain no hopes that Captain C Curran or any of the crew of his C schooner are amongst the living.- I Courier. c The Argus of the 24th June reports: a -It has been stated that the appoint- f meat of Usher of the Black Rod was I likely to be conferred by Mr. O'Shanassy I oni Lieutenant Amsinck, R. N., formerly a member of the Legislativa Assembly, and who stood for South Bourke at the last general election, but gave way to Mr. M'3sahon. The subject was al- e luded to in the Legislative Council yes- 1 terday; and on the motion of Mr. Fraser, I seconded by Mr. Jenner, a motion was i adopted pointing at the nomination of MIr. Amsinck, and expressing an opinion i that the office should not be conferred t on any person who would not be accep- t table to the members of the Council t generally. One of those horrible cases which i make good men blush for being comfor table, occurred in London on Sunday last. Os that day Sarah Jarvis, an old woman of sixty-seven. died of starvation. 1 It appeared at the inquest that she and her daughter were sempstresses, earning between them 3s. a week by making shirts at lid. each. They had, besides, Is. Gd. a week from the parish and two loaves of bread, and 9d. a week from a married daughter; but out of the total they had to pay Is. 9d. for rent, leaving 3s. Gd. for fire, light, food, and clothing. They refused to go into the woukhouse, and the authorities (Shoreditch) refused to give any more unless they did go; so the mother gave way. and died of insuffi cient food. In tile workhouse the two could not have been fed for less than Is. a day; yet the parishs would not give Gd. to keep them alive outside. As A ourtton's 'RevEts:.-Though my life has been a busy one. I believe that constitutionally I ant one of the most indolent men alive. To lie on the grass in summer noons under breathless trees, to glide over smooth waters, and watch the still shadows on tranquil shores, is happiness to me. I need then d no books-then, no companion. Biut if to that happiness in the mere luxury of repose, I may add another happiness of a higher nature, it is in converse with some one friend, upon subjects remote from the practical work- day world subjects akin less to our active thoughts than to our dream-lilce reveries,-subjects conjectural, speculative, fantastic, em bracing not positive opinions-for opi nions are things combative and disputa tious-but rather those queries and guesses which start up from the farthest border-land of our reason, and lose themselves in air as we attempt to chase and seize them. . . . . . I thought of the wild folly with which youth casts away the substance of happi ness to seize at the shadow: Which breaks on the wave that mirrors it; wiser and happier surely the tranqtjil choice of Gray, though with gifts and faculties far beyond those of the young man who mistook the desiro of fame fir the power to will it. And then my thoughts settling back on myself, I be came conselous of a certain melancholy. flow poor and niggard compared with my early hopes had been my ultimate results! How qnestioted, grudged, and litigated, my right of title to every inch of ground that my thought had disco. voredodr my toils had cultivated I What motive power in me had, from boyhood to the verge of age, urged mue on " to scrn delight and love laboriotts days ?" Whatever the motive power once had besi, I could no longer trace it. I vanity-of 'which, doubtless, in youth I had niy human share-I had long since grown ratlher too callous than too sensi tivo to thait isve of approbation in whichl vanity consists. I was siung by no penury of fortune, influenced by no .feverish thirst for a nanme that slhouldi 0outlive my grave, fooled by no hope of the rewards which goad bon ambition, I had reached the age when Hopl weighs I her anchor and steers forth so fir that Sher amplest sail seems but a silvery speck on tile last lineaof the horriato. \- Gertainly I fttered myself that my r ipurposes liniked my toils to some slight a servlos to mankind; that in graver a efforts I was assorting opinions in tile 1 value of whielh to human interests I 's sincerely believed, and in lighter ainms r ventilg lthoughlts and reallsitig fancies hich might add to the etlture of the I world-not, inddcc, fruitful hairvests, n bitt at least some lowly flowers. But is thonugh such intent might be within my i miild, could I tell tow sTar I uncotnsci i:ously exaggerated its earnestness--still t less psildl I tell hlow far the ittent was sdignified by success? Hllav I dlone r alight for suhiclh mankindl would be the Swordb wera it swept into niothlingness to 5 morrw?",~-" is a qlestion which iimany a ygraind atndl feortilo getits may, in its true Ihi iulinility, address monrnfully to itself. SSlir . 1 , Lyttoa in Jlaoclwood's .latae. ,In .ofor Mirsh, FIRTu's " RAILWAY STATIoN."-We understand thar this picture was pur chased on Saturday from MJr. Flatow by C Mr. Graves, the. eminent publisher, for the enormous sum of 20,0001. This is the largest su, ever paid for any single - English picture. Tie Dutch barque Silentium brings some curious animals. Having put into 'Rio do Janeiro, several specimens of rare birds were obtained; amongst others, of L the green and scarlet car.linals. The Si lentium has also on board a mormozet monkey and a fine specimen of that sin gular little animal, the agonite. Rear. BaOTHERLY LovE.--We learn with sorrow that Mr Field (brother-in law to Dr Anderson), of Fryer's Creek, t and well known in 'arradale, was lately drowned in the river Manuhirikia, New C Zealand. Hle leaves a widow and five chihldren to lament his loss. The same mail brings the munificient sum of £145 subscribed by his friends the diggers, who knew him for several years,. This sum they have placed in the hands of T. D. S. Heron, Esq., the police magis trate, to dispose of to the greatest advan tage to the bereaved family.-M'. A. Mald, June 20. c We learn from the Argus that the ti great privilege case of Dill v Murphy will probably come on for hearin, be fore the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in July next. The counsel enga ged for the plaintiff are Messrs Bovill, Kars'ake, Garth, and Campell, the soli citors being MIasrs Maples, Maples, and Teedsdale. The counsel for tie de fendant are Sir Hugh Cairnsand Sir t Roundell Palmer ;.the solicitors Messrs c Freshfield. The question, there is no doubt, will be ably and fully argued, and t decided purely on its merits. b WuaT's Ix A NAaE.-An American paper says :-'We are, indeed, a happy, elegant, moral, transcendent people. We have no masters, they are all principals; no shopmen, they are all establishments; no servants, they are all " helps;" no I jailers, they are all governors; nobody is flogged in prison, he merely receives l the correction of the house ; nobody is ever unable to meet his debts, he is only 1 unable to meet his engagements; nobody is cross, he is oply nervous; lastly, I nobody is drunk-a-tho very utmost you can assert is that "he has taken hiswine." Our Melbourue,.correspoudent writes: I -One of the points which appears to . have greatly bothered Mr Duffy and his I assistants in the arbritration awards is this, that it appears that the arbitrators have in several instances allowed more sheep to the acre for the purchased land a than for Crown lands. The arbitrators a on being applied to for information ex 1 plain that the purchased land is generally the picked land on the station, is fenced, and frequently sown with English , grasses. and can therefore easily be un d derstood to carry more sheep to the acre o than unprotected and unimproved Crownt i- lands in thebmajority of cases inferior in o soil and situation'to that purchased by i. the pastoral tenants.-Ballaarat; Star e 26th June. SPECTRE DnR.LA.-At the Polytechnic i, Institution, in London, a clever and start e ling entertainment, called.tli Spectre o Drama, has done a great deal to ridicule ,e and expose the pretensions of the rappers 53 anid callers-up of the departed. Two 1 performances a.day scarcely seem to it satisfy the crowds who flock to witness it; for natural magic, although it has if shown us many wonders, has never be f fore produced anything so striking. By af scientific apparatus-the invention of ha Mr. Dircks-a solid representation of a human being is thrown into the centre Sof a stage, and is made to appear and disappear at will without the aid of any s visible agency. While essentially solid and real, the image is surrounded by a faint halo of light, just sulicient to give ita supernatural claracter. It can be cut through with a sword or a hatchet, or can be walked through by a spectator,, e without being demolished, or it can be o changed in an instant for another image The counterfeit .presentment of any person can be thrown upon the stage by Mr. Direks's contrivance. This start h ling optical trick will doubtless soon be introduced at our.theatres, and applied to the improvement of our supernatural d drama. Banquo's-the spirits in the cauldron-t?he spectra in the Corsican Brothers, and even the ghost in ITamlet might bo well represented in this way. It is not improbable that some active dramatist may jump at the idea of writ ing round it, and making it the basis of a new spectre drama. d A Vrcronta? zIx TRounE.--The I ILondon correspondent of the Melbourne SIeraldl writes :-Mr Robert Bowden, at lits of Melbourp!e, has returned to London d from America, and has claimed £ L0,000. o Ioo the Federal governmnent for losses and injurries sustained by hin in coinec d lion with the seizure of tihe Peterhoff. SHe was on boarld writhl bills of lading, as I supercargo of a large quantity of goods a fir Metatmoras, where he was about to establish a house, with every prospect of I an extensive nnd profitable business. o His papers andil baggage were seized at II IKey VWest, hie was conlfined to tihe cabin i under armed watchtl, was refulsed inter of course with the British consul, was I marched under armed escort through is the publie streets of Bostot and New st York, was contined in the house of deten y tion with infamous characters for several t. days without clhango of linen, his goods y carried off, and ahtogetloher subjected to it sulc treatment as inoffensive British sub nr jects hlave yet tolearn they are bound to se undergo, because North anid South chosen I to bark and bite. I believe Earl Russell is after an interview witih dr Bowden, lhas is intimated that his case will be imme is diately taken itto consideration by the 5, Qovernment. On his arrival at Quees it town, Mr Bowden recaeived news per .y telegram that £30,000 worth of goods i- were on board the Sea Queen, consignedl I to him at Metamoras ; but hle telused to s join ler withouit someno kind of protection e from tihe Britisl Govertnnilt against a simtilar conscrqu;rces to those Ihe hadl u .o dlorgone in lris voyage bly thie Peterhoff. a This, I believe, Earl lRussell was not pre o pIared to promrise, and Mr Bowlden will, \- therefore, I undersdtand, proceed by the a. VWest Indlia mal steamner, and find his way to uentamoras as ha best can 