The Advertiser ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1863. A HOLIDAY ARTICLE. As we shall have little or no local politics this week, and as to-day is a holiday, we feel in- <*> clined to give the reins to imagination and digress into a new path, for the amusement of oar readers. If &ey; do not gain by what we supply, they certainly will not lose by what we omit. A short time bade it was reported in Adelaide that a wealthy South Australian, now in. Eng land, had seat oat instructions to pay a certain earn of money to a lady whom, on the authority of spiritual communication, the aforesaid gentle man ascertained to be.in necessitous circum stances. It is, however, rumoured that the spirit misinformed the gentleman on one point, —namely, in stating that the object of bis in tended charity lived in Wales, whereas she lived at the time, and had for years been living in South Australia. Another curious point, which may be disposed of in limine, is that a charitably disposed gentleman re aiding in England, should, whilst under the guidance of superior intelligences, so far forget the motto, " Sit dot gui cito dot" as to send bis donation to 'Wales via Adelaide, though as possibly all parts of the world, if not all parts of the universe, are alike accessible to spirits, the circuitous route might have been deemed immaterial. No doubt we shall soon be able to send bank drafts and money orders as well as other small parcels by spiritual media; and as the speed of electricity is inactivity itself, compared with the rapidity of spiritual transmissions, it wQI be a matter of perfect indifference whether messages are dispatched as the crow flies or along the winding path of the most eccentric comet that ever crossed the orbit of Earth. It would be strange indeed if amongst the numerous visitors from South Australia to England some few did not become converted to spiritualism; though we should think it still more strange if the majority did not remain un believers. But we labour under disadvantages ; no missionary "spirit" has yet visited as. Probably by-and-bye a Preternatural Professor may find his way hither and announce seances in Adelaide alternately with other .and more common entertainments at Aldridge's and the theatre. For the present, however, we must satisfy ourselves with the few gleams of light that emanate from the other hemisphere, and ifi our readers are inclined to listen we will recite a few of the newest stories, adopting for our prin cipal authority that very respectable and enlightened print—the London Spectator. The first number we take up contains an article headed "Ghosts Photographed Gratis." Of course on reading die title we supposed that the photographs were metaphorical ones, pictures that appealed to " the mind's eye" only. "We imagined that the writer of the article was some stubborn sceptic about to give a " vivesection " of ghosts in die same sense that Mr. Eongslake is said to have given in his recent book on the Crimea, a " vivesection" of Louis Napoleon. Bat—nothing of the load. The process is chemical, not intellectual; the portraits are produced by nitrate of silver, not by pen and ink; the pictures are really photographic like nesses of those impalpable existences, who as the poet says— "Walk the earth unseen, Both vh<m we sleep and when we wake." There ia, however, this difference between the poet's " Bpirits ** and the modern spiritualists, that whereas the poet's ghosts " walked the earth unseen," those who now mix themselves up with mortals stay to hare their likenesses taken after they have kicked over our chairs and tables, and caused the diningroom furniture to dance Scotch reels and sailor's hornpipes on airy nothing, eighteen inches below the ceiling! America seems to be a wonderful place for ghosts, as indeed it is for everything else, from thunder to tobacco-juice; trom rivers to pump kins. An American philosopher asserts that the reason why his countrymen can see farther into the spirit-world than the people of other lands is because the *'telluric conditions" of the American continent are more favorable to prominent wakefulness. "The Americans are on the verge of discovering a chemical test for ghosts, and have discovered a chemical mpuns of identifying them." We confess we do not very clearly understand the distinction between the ghost-test, which the Americans are on "the verge" of discovering, and the chemical means of identification which thej "hare" diicoyerod already. Perhaps come one who is, or -who knows a " medium," will enlighten us. "It is discovered," says Mr. Win. H. Momler, of Boston, " that ghosts, under supplementary mag netic conditions, affect nitrate of silver even when they are invisible to the naked eye. We have before us (says-.the Spectator) English photographic "copies of these first products of Mx. Mumler'a spiritual art, the photograph* of TUBES Ghosts! Now, as Mr. William H. itumleris not him* self a myth- nor a ghost, bat ft veritable |Yankee; and as there are many Mamlerites who (it is said) really believe that he has such an affinity with ghosts as to be enabled to dis possess himself of them (although it appears they are most obedient to his bidding), w ' may as well quote the Spectator's resumS of the i origin of this remarkable discovery, or inven tion, or whatever else it may he called, spitito logically:— " Mr. William H. Mumler is a powerful * medium/ being a rich reservoir of Od force. (' Od' i? only spelt with one 'd,' though some people may think that very o doable d.) Late last year he was taking a photograph of himsdf—a very good one now i-efore as—when to his great astonishment, on 'developing' ihe pictur', he perceived in the chair on which his hand had been leaning another figure not visibly with him when he was operating. He recognised her as a deceased rela tive of his own, who died at about twelve or fourteen jean of age, which age the still appears to retain. The picture is faint and hazy, just like that of children who move during the process, dressed in ordinary English costume, the hair carefully parted and well brushed, the left arm transparent, so that the chair shows through, while a circular sort of halo encompasses the ghost. When the news transpired that a ghost had sat (gratui tously, of course) there was a rush to Mr. Marnier. It is found that most persons ewc9 pourtr?yed by this powerful medium had a ghost at their aide, generally of a deceased relative or friend. One old gentleman now before as, Mr. Lather Parka, of Boston, has at bis side, bat floating in the air on a level with bis shoulder, s> wreath of vapour, some thing resembling a female figure with a garland of flowers slightly raised above her head. She stretches forth a vapoury arm towards Mr. Luther Porks; but the curtain is visible through her at every point, it is said, in the original; (be London copy makes the vapour more substantial, (a the portrait ot Mr. Alvin *fl.m?, ?th? great expreea-agent of America,' the furore by his side is a 'good likeness' of a nephew who died a few yean ago. The ghost is sitting not on a chair, but beside it,—probably not needing the sup port, and'sitting only dramatically, he had missed his aim, —end is .reading a book open in, his hands. A lengthy communication from a very dull departed spirit in j another page of the Spiritual Magazine informs us that i he has access to a library in the spiritual world, which it must be very cheering to Messrs. Longman, and -Murray to know: -unfortunately, he gives us do idea of the catalogue. Of course, fir. Marnier ii besieged not merely by sitters, bat, unfortunately also by "investigators." " Ever since I have com menced taking these pictures," he writes, "I bava been constantly dogged forward and backward from my camera to my closet by investigator*. ttQ I have become sick of ihe name." He has, however, given a few photographers leave to inquire carefully, and we have a certain pbotojnaplrc artist, Mr. William Chiay, who was deputed to inquire by Messrs. Davis, the proprietors of tie Herald of Prograt. and a certain Dr. H. T. Chad, <>f Philadelphia (evidently a strong spiritualist originally), reporting strongly in favor of the ghost portraits The American Photographic Society, me-t ing in New York, had resolved, indeed, that the " spiritual likenesses are a fraud end a gross deception," and the Evening Pott had expressed the same opinion, stall as this was the opinion of prejudgment, not of inquiry. Dr. Child and Mr. Quay attach no value to it, and believe. One of the ghosts thus photographed is the statesman Daniel Webster.andbeaniacloeeresemblance to portraits painted in the tatter portion of his life-time, the sunken cheeks particularly. The top of the head is bald, with the hair combed up from each side;—the ex pression of the features is very grave and solemn. The dress is not distinct, but, so far as it can be perceived, is naUke anything in the painted or engraved portraits ; but slightly resembles the costume on the Washington statue in the State House.* The sitters appear some times to determine their own ghost, aomstuses to be disappointed by getting one they don't want. A gentle man from Illinois gaye a broad hint; he insisted on sitting with his right hand held op as if holding some thing. Mr. Mumler expostulated at th< awkwardness of the attitu'e. 'No matter,' ha said, 'take it so.' When the plate was developed a child appeared sitting on the arm, with its head against the sitte/s shoulder. Finally, it is stated that two other 'Mediamistie* photographers have developed the same power,—one an orthodox Roxburg artist, who, when he heard they ware called spirit-pictures, 'refused to have any more pictures made that bore the second figure,'-^whieh seems to imply that the artists controls the ghosts, and warns trespassers peremptorily off the nitrate of silver. But a young man in his em ploy, who htd seen them made.appears curiously enough to have had (or learned?} the mediumistic secret, and has photographed Dr Child and Mr. Robert Dale Ow?n on thesly, each with a ghost to himself beside him. It is only necessary to add that Miss CogesweU, five years ago. ? in the very room where Mr. Marnier now operates, had ihe following appear on her arm:—'ln five years spirit-pictures wul be made in this room.* Dr. Child says:—' My guardians told me two years since in a communication to Mr. Bobert Dale Owen, that spirit photographs would be taken just as they are at this day. And, by a large number of mediums, far and near, the same th'ng has been foretold. It is clear, therefore, that spiritual prompters have pavod the way for thii discovery. Mr. Marnier was bound to fulfil tfce prophecy." No doubt in this age of disbelief there are people who will not believe in Mumler, nor in "Od" force, nor in the ghosts who are so vain as to come and ait for their portraits; but we shall not reason with each sceptics* In reply to them we produce oar Mumler! Nor is he alone ia the field.. Mr. David Douglas Home has lately written a book (published by Longman), entitled "Incidents in My Life," and if Mr. Home has not photographed spirits it most be either because he did not know how to photograph anything, or that he had no apparatus. Spirits would visit him, talk to him, pat him on the head, take his hands in theirs, and even put rings upon his wife's finger. Here's a case in points and proof conclnsiro : — "OntlnSrdof April, 1860, I had been with some friends to a lectors given in St. John's Wood, byM. Louis Blaoo, ' On the Mysterious Persoas and Agencies in France towards the End of the Eighteenth Century.* His lecture was a good deal occupied with Cagliostro, and during the time he was gpeiknu.lhad the strongest impression or tile preaenoe of Cagliestro, and theglauy who was sitting next me was also aware of some strong spirit presence by having her drew pulled, and by other maniieetations. "On returning home, I found that my wife had retired earlie? than usual in eongeqaenee of a severe headache. In coarse of conversation together, she having asked how I had liked the lecture, I said, ' f have been haunted all the evening by Oagliostro,' on which she exclaimed, ' Pcay do not use the word haunted, it sounds so weird-like, aad quite frightens me.' I bad by this time extinguished the light, and was now in bed, i when to my amazement foe room became as light a? if the son had for an instant shone folly in at the window. Thinking that this effect might .have been only on my spiritual perception, I said, * Sachs, did yon see any thing?" Her reply was, 'No, nor could I, for my face wasquite buried in my pillow, the pain in my head is m intense.' I asked her to observe, and I then mentally asked that if the light had been external it might be reproduced. Almost simultaneously with the thought came the light again, so distinct, and with such bril liancy, that no noon-day was ever brighter. My wife asked if tins was the spirit of Cagliostro, and the affir mative reply was instantly Riven by time fla*bei of light, so vivid as almost to be blinding and painful to the sight. Answers were Riven to various questions in the same wonderful manner, and then, in answer to a qu?siiou asked, came a musical tinkle as if a silver bell had been touched directly over onr heads. In this way our father answers were now given, and we then heard a footstep on (he floor, falling so gently as if it feared to disturb us by its approach. My wife asked that it should come nearer, and it approached ul tall we felt a form leaniog over the bed. In doing this, it pressed upon the bedclothes just at an aetaal mate rial presence would have done. We asked him if M had been a medium when on earth, and ? distinct voice, audible to both of us, saidio. answer. ' My power was that rfamesmerist, but all-misunderstood by those about me ; my biographers have even done me injustice, but I care not for the untruths of earth,' Both my wife and myself were by this time so impressed by such startling and almost terribly real evidence of the presence of one who was in no way related tous, that for a€>?r mo ments all power of utterance seemed to have left us. We were, however, soon recalled to ourselves by a band being placed on our heads, and she, seizing my bands in hers, held them up, saying, 'Dear spirit, will yon-be one of my guardian angels—watch over me with my father, teach me what you would have me to do, and make me thankful to God for all his mercies V Our j hands were clasped by a hand, and her left hand was gently separated from mine, and a ring, which was the signet-ring of my father-in-iaw was placed on her third finger. This ring was previously in the room, but at a distance of at least twelve feet from where the bed stood. 'Good night, dear ones, and God bless you was than audibly spoken, and simultaneously frith the sound came three nafU of perfume, so delicious that ws both exclaimed, ' How truly wonderful!' " We must plead to some little trepidation iv venturing an opinion on their ghostships, for — we perceive— that offended ghosts, if they do not copy offended subscribers and " stop their paper," may, nevertheless, inflict serious injury on an obnoxious publication. We quote tfae following from Mr. Home's book:— "Jan. 29th,—a. seance ot eight persons, we had amused onrnelres daring the time with the article, 'Spirit-rapping Made Easy,"in the tnagasine Once a Week, which we left on the ohiffonnier. I saw some thing pass from the side ofthe room with great velocity, which vaaished under the table. A curious noise was heard like the crumpling: of paper, a spiritual hand arose, appeared, and placed in the medium's hand a sheet of Once a Wtth. cramplsi np and torn. The spirits were at work dest*rrjr-rii-g the magazine—-they rubbed it strongly over Mr. Home's shoe, and then placed bis foot npon it. The spirits gave each person a bit of the mangled magazine, and tbe remainder was -rajaed apby alarge^int.)a-vl, and placed on a vacant chair, which by invisible power bad a short time before been moved from & distance to tho table,'' It has often been remarked as a carious fact 'that modern spirit manifestations are rarely accompanied by any important statement or disclosure; in fact, that they seem to be utterly withont an object, or identified with the most frivolous levity. For a spirit to come irom the ftuteeu world fo tie ? kaotjin your handkerchief. to tread on your toes, to pinch your knee, to tip up our chair, to play tricks with the table, to rap at doora, and shuffle in dark cornea— certainly seems rather infra dig^ and betrays what in these stern days might be regarded as a rollicking, romping disposition which " spirits" ought to ashamed of. Bat it is easy to see that tiie error lies in tiie severity of the age; the spirits are quite correct. Then, again, Sp. Cagliostro was not at all flippant, though we should not be surprised if disaffected people were tosay thateminent ghosthad wandered from Hades without "a mission." He "had been a mesmerist," and " bis biographers had done him injustice, but—said bis ghoatship—" I care mot for the untruths of earth" Then why revisit this world at all P Such is tiie question that, possibly, may be asked; but the enquiry is clearly irreverent and impertinent. It is no doubt (from one paint of .view) un dignified for beatified spirits to come to earth to play tricks for which boys at school have got floggings; but what censas collector can take the age of a spirit, and who shall say* that the romping spirits ate not spirits in their juvenile character and development P As man, corpo real, is first infant, then child, then man, and as iv each stage of existence he has his (appro priate sphere of intellectual and spiritual action, why, we ask, should not spirits in iheir incor poreal manifestations pass through correspond ing stages of development V We maintain that they do, and that it is as prorper for a juvenile epmt to tip over chairs and tables as for a mature spirit to drink the cognac which we are assured tea* drunk by some spirits in (he Chateau de C , near Paris, or fist width pr (of coarse of full maturity) *to absorb Lager beer in the old German castle. It is, however, a more serious matter when spirits are found tripping as to dates aad tacts, as Mr. Home's spirit (a foil-grown one) appears to have done, if we may judge from the follow ing passage from the Spectator :— And first two preliminary crit**-bnns. May wa ask Mr. Home how it happens that the Crimean war ap pears to have been in progress early in 1858, or rat tbe very end of 18571 Mr. Boms mentions an incident which OCCTured to him at Paris, in an botel on tbe Boulevarde dcs Italienx at that date. " I was iiitrx-dor-ed to a family consisting of Mr. H-, bis wife, and t_strtwo eons, both of whom were at that time in the ?-gi+, army and had just retnrnsd from the Crimean cam paign." Tbe spirit of a gentieman calling himae'f Qregoire, "an officer in the fVench army in tbe Crimes.'' whom the two BagUshmen "had just then left suffering under a slight wound, bot so slight that it gave no -^-prehensions of an un£a-n-cable kind,'' in timated through Mr. Home in the Boulevarde dcs Italians "that be bad jost passed trom earth, giving the tune of his departure,'"—a statement which is subsequently substantiated by "imiiiii jr,a in the Crimea. "In every detail they were informed the spirit aras eon-*-*,*' (128-121). Now the peace of Paris was signed in May, 1856 ; and at the end of 1857, or beginning of 1858, such a story is impossible, unless .the spirits have power to alter the dates of past events. Neither does tbere appear to be any da'e at which tbe event could, eocr-r-claig to Mr. Home's narrative, have happened, if it ware really con nected with the CSrimean war. Mr. Home tells ns that be aailed from Boston for Europe on the 3L-t March, 1855\. He stayed in England till tlie autumn, wben fae tells us that he left for Florence—apparently withont any stay in Prance. 'In June, 1856, be says. 'I went to Paris,' i.e.. rafter the peace, and moreover, this was the year in which Mr. Home's power aa a medium c-ased; it was'entirely euspended,' he tells us, from the 10th February, 1856, to 10th February. 1857. Now M. Gregoire's communication concerning his own de cease was c-ertainly one ot the regular commanicit-oi-t made through Mr. Home as a media n, and ia dated by himself in 1857 er 1858. This -ustaric doubt deserveg some notice from Mr. Home.1 * What Mr. Mumler does by means of the "Od" force, Mr. Home does through the "atmosphere of the medium." We subjoin another extract:— ?'Mr. Home's physical orrganisation, it appears, like that of all other nediuau, provides spirits who are always around us with some element absolutely neces sary to than in order to manifest themselves at all to us. What thi* dementis, remain! (till a problem. There is but one gleam of light upan it. Mr. Home'i little boy, we are toll), is also a median. One evening when it was about six months old, and lying nnlnop ?with its mother and anise, the accustomed saps were heard, in Mr. Home's absence, all about the room. *My wife asked who the tnnflinm was upon the <?oi?f"ri<wi r and the reply was given ti?t it was the sleeping child. It was farther said that they had the power to manifest tfaroogh him, bat that they woold not, as the atmosphere they made nseof was necessary for hi< physical development in the natural world. This disinterested self-restraint of (he spirits was only once subsequently broken through when the child's bsd took to oscillating, greatly to his terror. The spirits, however, in that case apologised elaborately. They had done it.quite nninteottonaUy—in a parliamen tary sense in feet; and of coarse the apology was accepted. Indeed, there appears as yet to be no way of calling a misehievoqa spirit to aonoont ; that, too, is a matter for farther development. However this " atmos phere of the medium," whatever that ib (a spirit in the Spiritual Magazine, perhaps a wag, said that some crayons and lead pencils were hidden, in it for 48 hours), is the plastic material by which the spirit* communicate. Tiie elementary stage, equivalent to the pothooks and hieroglyphs of early literatures, is mere noise. Hie spirits can torn the'atmosphere of the medium' into a soarce of vibrations on the ear much more easily than into anything else. Spirits can rap with ease man 'atmosphere'^ in which they could not tip ? table : they can tip a table when they could not float a table; they can float a table when they cannotfloatttie ""^"m They can even float the medium when they cuinot float anybody else. We write under correction, bat after careful study of the subject; and we should suggest that spirit mediunvi T??ghfct^?T?T|tT\iirt ?w<l?dM?y^ auwflwfliup to their proficiency in the following feats. FAss-zxoa!fA.Tioir worn iaw-olass morons. 1\. In the power to enable zaps. 2\. Power to enable tables to tip on one leg without disarranging articles upon it. 8\. Power to enable spirits to flip on the knee and all pat* hdom the table. 4\. Power enabling the table to rise in the air. 6\. Power to enable spirits t J make brief ill-spelt com nmniflatJ"" 11 by raps. pass Fob hioseb class ittUHm?. 1\. Power to effect brief well-spelt communications. 2\. Power to enable chairs to move freely as well as tables. 4\. Power to enable spirits to flip on tke shoulder and all pxcle above the table. T" 6\. Power to knot handkerchiefs beneath the table. 6\. Power to drive handkerchief and inexpensive mis siles about the room and play accordions. EXUDBAXIOH FOB HOHOBB. In the power enabiine; the spirits to create phospho rescent hands and arms in a dark room In the power enabling the spirits to float the-atedinm in the air in a dark room. In the power enabling She spirits to prescribe tat sick people." All ire would ask, in conclusion, is— why should we, whilst each great and gloriona themes as these are engaging the attention of Europe and America, be pot off in South Aus tralia with lectures upon " beefsteak puddings and apple-dumplings P" Surely we are at the Antipodes ! 