? «nmr,llke shows us to others, imthldes nil Printer's definition of tfirwoid • chine for tornlflg out "ootw,'.'- . ^ - The publication oT the Memories of Usnba I Soult say* the Word, * annoonorf. ; To the Asvocatas o» to* Eablt Ctosi Movement.—ShmtMpV—Rut - Neiulrwobk,—The workjwformed by the mariner's oompua,-—/Aid. ' Why is it necessary for a pugilist to smobeT * Beoaose he can do nothing without the aid of his backer.—Ibid. Woman's Mission.—To get a husband as soon ai pMtible—F«n. OfER to CoNvicnon.—A criminal at the aisiioa.—Ibid. sxraxcTS from punch's alnuuok. laviKQ ukb a Pane*. A ieertaia rich noble man, who keept a French cook, is accustomed to call his chief," Minister of the Interior." AV Amtrotssis or Evils.—Mjtv cheese and weak ale. Neat as iMPoaTKn,—On hit return from the Mine a bibulous old tourist, being asked what he thought of tbe fineness of the views there, answered, " Well, of all the views I eared to clap my eyes on, the finest to my taste was the X r ir.nx Cvg- nae." The "Qumttoh of tub Day.—Have you been garotted? Skw-Skw.—Devote your leisure to needle-work, lite richest lady in the land ii the Old Lady of Threadneedle-street. Macakokic Vebsks.—Mr. Wheatiey give ui the following as a model of the pure Macaronic:— Oame quod exit in m, Ceu winurn, beernm, toastum, cheswn We are authorised to state thu we shaH have no more sews Concerning Garibaldi, because there ia no bullet-in.—Fun. ' Ah old Bsao.—Stnbbs, at eighty, stained his hair and whiskers.—He dyed at a good old age— didn't heP ; The world of tbe ynang is the domestic circle; all beyond it is*fabulous, unless bronght home to them by comment. Give children little to do; make much of it* being accurately done. Self-love is at once the mott delicate and most tenacious of oar sentiments; a mere nothing will woand it, but nothing on earth will kill it. Theodore Hook, who had a large, flesh nose, once entering his club during a discussion upon some interesting topic, one of thememhere.'ohserving him coming, pointed to him, and exclaimed. " Oh, Hook knows." " No," was the reply he instantly •made," Bottle nose." A Yankee has invented a new and cheap phu> for boarding. Ooe.uf the boarders mesmerisa the rest, and then eats a hearty meal—tbe mesmerised being satisfied from sympathy. Alphonse Karr says, The day labourers at Nice are very sober but all so very laiy; they content themselves with -Am tomatoes a day, and three heads of garlick, which they steal in the field*. Why should they work?" The Bravest Woman in London—We know ber. On Boring evening, she gam a cabman sixpence for driving her a mile all bnt eleven yards. Would there were more like ber! A Compombise.—When Kansas waa once asked what answer be shooid make if the governor's people's demanded his anas, " I would propose a compromise meat ore," he said; " keep the rifle, and give them the contents." In one of the American towns the postmaster, by skilful manoeuvring has managed to retain his office through several successive changes in the administration. Being asked how he managed, he replied that "it would take a mighty smart administration to change quicker than he could." A Settles fob " Him"'—The correct answer to the gentleman who wrote tbe song. "Why did I marrv ? " most likely would be," Because your wife was foolish'" Keat.—A clergyman being much pressed by a l&dy; of his acquaintance to preach a sermon the first Sunday after ha marriage, complied and chose the following passage in & Psalms as bis text;—" Aud there shall be abundance of peace— while the mom endureth." Mr. •< Saowwas, what ia that? "—That, my dear, is the Rhinoceras. He is cousin German or Dutch relation. Be was born in the desert of Sary Ann, and feeds on bambou and missionaries. He is very courages, «d never leave* home unless he moves, in which case he gees somewhere else, unless he ii overtaken by the dark. He was bronght to this country against bis win, which accounts for his low spirits when he is melancholy and dejected. He is now somewhat old, bnt has seen the day when he was tbe youngest specimen of animated nature in the world. Pass on, my little dear, and allow the little ladies to survey the wonders of creation a* displayed in tbe ring-tailed monkey, a hanimai that can stand banging like a fellow-critter, oaly it's by its tail. FBOU A topsg I.AIJT'S alhiim. Fare made, when i B hold ure face, & gaize in two ore azhnr ize, mi lore is warm'd in two a blase; & thauts with in mi buxom rise two big for mi weeek tung two utter, which leves mi hart awl in a flutter; " Here, this is a bkd shilling," said a shopkeeper of East-street, Southampton, to a lad wbo had proffered a counterfeit coin fen- a lo&£ "Ob, Indeed," replied the yonng rogue, as he hurried off, " then III not trouble you for the change," Irish Porrav.—When Lady Morgan called U inquire alter the health cf Mrs. Matnrin and her baby, the servant returned witb the message. Place, my lady the masther says, " My angel is better but my cherub has flown!" Wao is Old?—A wise man will never rust oat. As long as he can more and breathe, he will do, something for himself, his neighbour, or for posterity. Almost to the last hour of hia life Washington was at work. So was Frauklyn, and Young, and Howard, and Newton. Its vigour of their lives never decayed. No rest marred their spirits. It is a foolish idea to suppose that we must lie down and die because we are old. Who is old? Not the man of energy; not the day labourer in science, art, or benevolence; but he only who suffers bis energies to waste away, and the springs of life to become motionless; on whose hands the hours drag heavily, to whom all things wears the garb of gloom. A StaoE Sceke is Romko ash Juliet.—A writs- who haa travelled extensively says that he, witnessed rather a strange some in Shakespeare's beautiful tragedy of "Romeo and Juliet;" It was at one of tbe Western theatres. Hie piece pasted off well, without interruption, until the last scene, llie character of Borneo was eicellently enacted and loudly applauded. The model of tbe lover was at the tomb of the Capulets, gating upon the motioQl^H form of her who had so attracted hi* _ an act whidi would send Ms spirit to that undiscovered country where tie supposed Juliet's had gone. Just as he exclaimed," Here's to lorei** and at the same time railing the vial which contained the noiton to his lips, a stalwart young oountryman jumped upon the stage, seired him, dashed tbe vial fr»m his baud, crushing it into atoms, and yelling," Yer denied fool, die aint dead. Only been takin' a little sleepln' medidne. Didn't yer get the parson's letter?" "Sirrah?" growled out the enraged tragedian. while the house fairly shook with laughter " Why, yer gal aifttdtM, Hi* Ths way it waa, they wanted to make Julia many that chap thar," pointing at Paris, - whose hwinees ynu have just settle,>t I tell you Julia War pluck—she get her tent tight up and vowed she wouldn't do it, even i£ while -she war lying In the vault, the ghost of the feller whom you kilt should dash ber brains Out with the bone* of some of her dead eon tins. Wal, Iter plnck war up, she took the stuff the parson filed, so she could play postuca till you got hum. That's the way it war," rsplied the eoanteyman, giving the desperate lover a tremendous poke in the riba withhli elbow, and at the same time losing bis hold. " Hell's eurses on the Allow," muttered tbe raving tragedian, aa he stalked behind the acmes. " Wall _liow," said the oountryman, Mag the audienec, If that iunt * •Uetie the dod darned msaneit cusaleVw dWSee, I bbpe to be srawed. That's all&e; tbsUM I ^t lor Stopping him ftom piaoain btatel&i; Hbpe tn b* tarnly swashed it ever 1 go to intcrferelagaln when kMov wants to murder himarlf," to^iMUnaed.as bs clambered bad to his seat, Just ia time to prevent his upper story from coming in contact with lbs curtain as it desoeoded.— Amtrica* Scrap Ass*. 