IRE NEWS OF THE DAY. O11I3' ninotcon members of the Assembly appeared in their places yesterday, up to tlio expiry of tho time uiiialty ullow-ed for tlio forming of a House. Amongst thorn were only two members of tho Go vernment — Mr M'Cullocli and Mr Michio — although thero were several otliors in tho library aud else whero within tho precincts. Thero wore also a considerable number of Opposition members within hearing of tho bolls, but Mr Brooke was tho only ono who entered tho chamber. It would appear that tiiree 01 uioso wuo came 111 . must mivu luiu boforo the rnombers wore counted, as tho Speaker, 011 adjourning tlio Houso for want of a quorum, stated that there woro only sixteen members pre sent. The nineteen who put in an appearanco wore — Mr M'Cullocli, Mr Michio, Mr Mollison, Dr Macadam, Dr Girdlestono, Captain M'Malion, Mr Howard, Mr Orkney, Mr M'Lellan, Mr Tucker, Mr Stricklaud, Mr Houston, Mr Richardson, Mr Woods, Mr Gillies, Mr Wright, Mr Mucgrcgor, Mr B. G-. Davios, and Mr Brooke. Thn nlnction for Mnmlm-iinc m-ovod a much closer contest than was anticipated. Mr Casey was re turned by a majority of only seventy-ono over his opponent — tho numbers being, Casey 8Q3, Macpher son 732. The whole strength of tho Irish party was brought to bear .against Mr Casoy. Tho Bendigo Advertiser, roferring to this, says : — ' Mr Casey is fallible — what public man is not ? Mr Casey has openly defied tho invisible powers. Tho anomaly of Irishmen and Irish Catholics supporting a Scotch man, and if anything a Presbyterian — of Scotchmen, strict, vehement, and uncompromising Presbyterians, supporting au Irishman and a Catholic, lias at length becomo a fact. Tho heavens might fall, tho deep give up its buried riches, even Australian trees be come valuablo savo for firewood. General astonish ment would bo occasioned were any of tho tlireo events to come off. Tlioy aro, however, all thrown in tho shade by this last Mundurang election.' Mr M'Cann has addressed a loiter to tho Geelong' Advertiser, defending liimsolf from somo strictures passed by that journal upon his conduct in referonco to the late election at Polwartli aud South Gronvillo. He roif-crates tho chargos lie mado on tho hustings against tho returning officer and Mossrs Armytago and Murray, and states that it is tho intention of the Government to appoint a board of inquiry to visit tho district, and to institute a searching investigation into the whole mutter. The Logialativo Council only sat fora few minutea yesterday, as thero was little or 110 business on tho notico papor, and at is rising it adjourned until Tuesday next. The third reading of tho Melbourne and Geolong Corporation Acts Amendment Bill was set down for Tuesday, and on the motion of Mr Hull, it was agreed that his Excelloucy should be requested to furnish tlio latest despatches from tho home Government relative to tho defences. Tho Tasuittuians appear to havo somo customs regulations of a very extraordinary charactor. Tho Hobart Town Mercury of tho 8th gives tho following as a specimen of then- operation : — ' A most annoy ing act of official interference was perpetrated yesterday afternoon, alongside tho Tasmania. A. saloon passenger, named Johnstone, having remained on board until past four o'clock, was taking a small box 011 shore with him, containing his personal luggago required for immediate use, wlion J10 was stopped by one of tho customs weighers, and infonnod that tlio box could not be allowed to leavo tho ship, as it was after hours. Mr Jolinstono protested, anil stated that the box only contained liis porsonal luggago, which lio required particularly. Tho officer, liowovor, insisted, and Mr Johnstone then offered him the koy, and invited him to examine its contents, and to seo that nothing dutiablo was in cluded. liven this reasonable suggestion was, liow over, declined, and an altercation ensued, which soon caused a crowd of persons to collect. Even tually, Mr Johnstone had to borrow a bag from the mate of tho steamer, unpack his box, and carry the contents away in the bag, leaving tho empty packago (which, wo presumo, was considered dutiablo) iu the hands of tho zealous officer.' At a farm at Eltham, occupied under lease by Mr Wilton, a rich quartz lode was recently discovered, a few inches from the surface soil. Somtf moil wero set to work, aud out of thirty cwt of stone taken out, five and a half ounces of gold was obtained. Ur Pliipps, liowovor, the owner of tho land, has, it is said, objected to tho tenant carrying on mining operations; and how tho dispute has ended, or what complica tions have arisen, is not yet known. Tho lodo is reported to bo eighteen inches thick, and to havo been cut through in several places. It is easily traceable l'or' half a inilo, running duo north and south. Should litigation ensue, it is difficult to say how the matter may end. It affords, however, an other of the many proofs that the question of min ing 011 private property should delinitely bo settled. In the Equity Court, yesterday, the rules nisi for compulsory sequestration of the estates of J. D. Solomon and Patrick Costello were made absolute. Mr Justico Molesworth gave judgment, yesteriluy, iu the equity suit of Shanahan v. Ilickey and otliors, dismissing the petition, and ordering tho rule to bo discharged, but vrithout costs. A meeting of farmers and otliors resident in the | neighborhood of the Littlo IU ver, was held at King's - Hotel, on Tuesday evening last, for tho purpose of considering tlie J-iaiul Act Amendment uui. xuu chairman, Mr Edward Connop, remarked that tlie Nicholson Land Act and the Act of 1862 had both failed to accomplish the purposo for which tlioy were intended, and expressed his approval of the New? South Wales Act, which ho said not only afforded the fullestsatisfaciion tothoinhabi'antsof the colony, but was sufficient to attract largo numbers of enter prising persons from Victoria. The bill intro ducod by the present Government was a groat improve ment on the Act of 1862, but it fell far short of tho New South Wales Act. He hoped that, in passing through the Legislature it would bo moro assimi lated to that measure, and especially that tho clause would bo introduced into it which provided that tlie purcht\sorx if unable through | adverse, qkcumstamjsa to pay tUd balanca remaining duo nt tlie cml of three years, ? could continue in possession of bis farm 011 paying five per cent. Mr Rees explained some of tlio pro visions of tho bill, nnd lifter adverting to th# difli cnlties and expense that lind to be incurred in the taking up of now country, Bnid ho thought that instead of tho payments required to be mado under the bill, tlioy should be reduced to twelve nnd a-hnlf per cent, of tho purchase-money for tho first year, and that (ho second instalment of the same amount -should not bo required to bo paid till tho end of the sccond year, and that tho samo rate of payment should then bo continued annually till tho full amount was paid up. This course, he thought, would be as acceptable a3 the Now South Wales system. He concluded by moving that a committeo, con sisting of Mossrs Connop, M'Naughton, M'Cord, und Neikly, be appointed to draw up a peuuuu 10 uik h,v ? scinbly embodyhig'his suggestions. Mr M'Naughton seconded the motion, nnd urged tho necessity of agriculturists turning their attention to sheep fann ing, which could not be profitably carried out 011 a farm of less than six hundred and forty acres. Tho motion was then agreed to. Mr Rees next called the attention of the meeting to tho charges that had been made by Mr M'Lellan against some mcmbeis of tho Assembly in connection witli the passing of tlie Land Act nnd tho Electoral Act, and proposed tho following motion : — ' That in the opinion of tho meeting, tho hon. member for Ararat deserved the thanks of the people of tho colony for tho courageous manner in which he had exposed tho gross corrup tion practised by some members of tho Houso during the passing of tlie Land Bill, iu order to secure tho , squatters their leases.' Mr M'Cord seconded the motion. Tho chairman, on putting it to tho mooting, said that Mr M'Lellan had only stated what, long ago, they all knew to bo true. Tho motion was then carried, with three cheers for Mr M'Lsllan. The petition referred to was then submitted, and adopted. After n vote of thanks to tho chairman, tiie meeting separated. The services of tho Immigrants' Homo Juvenile Band, iu joining tho procession at Sandridge, on tho laying of the foundation stono of the PresbytorTun Church, ou Tuosday last, havo boeu handsomely acknowledged. After tho coromony, tho committee, in the course of about an hour, collected among the inhabitants a sum of £5 5s 6d, which was sent by the .secretary, Mr W. Cruilcshank, to Mr J. T. llareourt, the superintendent of tho Homo. At the samo timo Mr Cruilcshank sont a sum to Signor Canna, tho conductor of tho band, as a proof of thoir apprecia tion of his services. In tho County Court, yesterday, an action was brought by Mr J. W. Stephen, against a butcher named Gardiner, to recovor damages for injuries sus tained by tho careless driving of tho defendant. It may be remembered that somo weeks ago a collision occurred in Swanston streot, between a butcher's cart and Mr Stephen's carriage, and that Mrs Stephen's life was seriously jeopardised by tho acci dent. The carriage was shattered to pieces, one of the shafts of the cart having been driven complete]}' through tho inner compartment. Plaintiff claimed £12, tlio cost of repairing tho damage, and judg ment was given for that amount. 0r Youl hold an inquest yesterday on tho body of Matilda Cook, aged 30 years, who diod in Ijittle Lonsdale street on tho provious day. From the evidence of a neighbor, Anno Clarice, it would appear that tho deceased had led a vicious life. Slio was a hard drinker, nnd this habit had grown upon her since the death of a child three months ago. The deceased was first taken ill on Tuesday wook, and ou tho lltli inst. sho becamo suddenly worse, and died within an hoar. Mr Dwyor was called to tho deceased 011 Tuesday evening, and found lior dying. Subsequently lio mado a,_posi mortem exa mination, which convinced him that death was caused by acute iuflamation of tho lungs. The jury found accordingly. Dr Fctlicrston, resident surgeon to the Lying-in Hospital, reports as follows for tho month ending 31st July, 1803 : — Remaining in hospital at date, 38; admitted in month, 44; out-patients iu month, 162 ; new cases, 77. The eases at tho Polico Court yesterday were few and uninteresting. Besides several charges of drunkenness, in which the delinquents were dealt with in tho usual summary manner, there was a -cliargo ngainst au artilleryman named Cooper, for forging an order to the amount of £2. Tho caso was clearly established against him, and he was comuiittod for trial. He went to a boot maker at Emerald Hill named Streot, and handed him a letter purporting to come from one of the sergeants in th-s corps, requesting the loan of £2. Tho letter being considered genuine, the money was given him for delivery to the sergeant, but he of course appro priated it to his own use, having forged the letter in ?order to obtain it. Charles B. Brower, Esq., tho Judgo of the County Court, Geelong, Mr Chapman, and Mr Armstrong, :barri»tor, had a narrow oscapo from drowning on Wednesday last. Tho party were on their way to 'Wurrnambool overland, aud, in crossing tho Hopkins, .the current was so strong that tho vehicle was cap ; sized, borne along by the tido, and Bmasliod to fragments; The horse was drowned, and tho party bad to swim for their lives. The anniversary of tho opening Victoria Tent, Independent Order of Rechabitcs, was celebrated last Tuesday evening, by n toa and fruit soirCe, in the National School Room, Hotham. After toa had been dispensed with, tho Chief Ruler of tho Tent, Mr T. M'Pherson, addressed tho mooting, nnd iu the course of his remarks stated that tho Tont had been in existence just twolvo months, and that it was a source of congratulation to the members to find it in such a flourishing condition ; the number of members had increased from ten to forty, and thero were hopes of a similar increase during tho ensuing twelve months. Ho then advocated tho cause of total abstinence, nnd concluded liis address with an appeal to thoso who had not enlisted undor tho banner of Rechabitism to do so at once. Tho gloo party theu sang tho ' Fairies after which the Ilzv. Mr Kiniumont addressed tho meeting on tho social nspect of the question ; followed by Mr Ro bertson, on the advance mado in Victoria of Recha . bitlsni in tho short space of two aud a half years, tlieir members at that time numbering only sixty, whilst thero aro now nearly 400. The gleo party then sang ' Hark the Lark after which Dr W. H. Cutis addressed the meeting ou the moral and phy ? sieal aspect of tho question nt issue, and prefaced his remalcs by stating that nothing but tho truth of total abstinence cnild induce them to become total abstainers. So long as it was n truthful movement, so surely it would triumph. Tlio fundamental principle was this : a man in an ordi nary state of health docs not need intoxicating liquors. There was nothing that satisfied the appe tite for strong drink ; tho very appotito was aggra vated by the stimulants in the drink. He then proceeded to prove that if intoxicating, liquors did not meet a natuial appetite, then they must do an injury, and argued at some length that drunkenness was a disease, and that Hits unnatural craving for drink arose from a diseased condition of tho stomach. Di Cutts concluded an eloquent and argu mentative address against intemperance, amidst the applause of the meeting, by stating that total absti nence wns the only cure for the disease of druuken uess. A glee followed, entitled ' Tho Lordly Gallants,' which was most enthusiastically encored. Various addresses followed, urging the claims of the cause of liechabites ns a benefit society, and ns n menus of doing much good, and alleviating much sorrow and distress occasioned by the drinking trajlio. The glee party then saug ' The Sleep of ? the Flowers,' after which a vote of thanks was . unanimously accorded to them and to their leader, Mr Vernon, who had contributed so much to the en joymeiit.flf .the -evening. There was a good attendance at the Royal last night to witness Shakespere's comedy ' As Yon Like It,' previous to its withdrawal. It is inti mated that it will be produced for the last time this oveuing. On Saturday, Professor Pepper's cele brated ghost effect, or ' Fifteen Minutes with the Spirits,' which has just arrived by the mail, will be performed. 'North and South, or tho War in Virginia,' was again produced at the Princess's Theatre la3t evening, to a very fair house. Tho play was well produced, and it runs moro smoothly than on its first appearance, Tho striking scenes which fre quently occur during its performance render it pecu liarly interesting, and tend to relievo tho monotony which might otherwise bo occasioned. The fugitive Southerners on board tho Jamaica, and their pur suit by a small body of their enemies, and subse quent escape, were well represented. MrW.Wallen, as the freo nigger, behaved as comically as such eblorod gontlemon generally get credit for ; and Mr Fawceti, played the English officer to advantage, especially tho dock scene, when ho took tho fugitives under his protection. As Madgi', or tho wife of the fanatical slave, Miss RoseEdouin was very offectivo. Miss Lir.-.'.ic Naylor and Miss Marian Dunne also played with equal warmth, aud the appeal of the former as Qracc Davenport, in behalf of her brother Charles , who was represented by Willio Edouin, as an officer in tho Confederate army, pursued by the Northerners, was very impressive. Tlio triple-ling hornpipe, by Julia, John, ar/l 'Willio Edouiu, was well roceived, and had to bo repeated. The evening's perfoimanco concluded with tho drama of 'Dick Turpiu aud Tom King.' 