sEciiPiFiisra-. Ipswich Steamers.?Tho Brisbane will leave ?':. ? tho A. S. N. Company's wharf at 9 o'clock, and tlie Bremer will start from UafTs wharf nt half past seven o'clock this morning. Tho Williams will leave for Rockhampton at 8 o'clock this morning. The Telegraph ls to leave for Sydney at 8 o'olock to-morrow morning. Tho small craft known as the Hamlet's Ghost, in wliich, ns our renders will remember, Cnptnin Bennett made his way from Bnampton Shoal after tlie loss of his vessel, the Prince of Denmark, nt that place, has been for some time past undergoing repairs at thc hands of Mr. D. Muir. She has been fitted with now timbers, and has been sheathed on the outside with new cedar planking. She has also been coppered nnd newly decked. The rigging is now In hand, and is to bo ready in time for her to enter for the sailing matches nt the Cleveland Regatta on Boxing Day. Tlie vessel herself is still on the stocks, but is to be launched on Monday next. The Maria, brig, arrived nt Launceston from Newcastle on the 24th November, and was to load for Brisbane immediately on the dischnrge of her inward cargo. The Sarah, ketch, cleared out for Mooloolah yesterday. The steamer Settler went down to the buy yes- terday forenoon with the intending passengers per the Young Australia, and a large number of per- sons, many of whom had gone to see their friends off. She proceeded alongside tlie ship, and placed tho passengers and a number of others on board, and afterwards went to tlie Fiery Star, for tlie pur- pose of transhipping 200 bales of wool into that vessel. We learn from some gentlemen who arrived in town Into last night?having come up in a boat belonging to tlie Fiery Star?that tho Settler would remain in tlie bay till this morning, and that the parties who went down in lier lind been accommodated on board the different ships in the bay. The Black Ball steamer Great Victoria arrived in the bay yesterday afternoon. She has been greatly retarded by head winds and frequent break downs to the machinery. She is commanded by Captain Price, late of the Donald Mackay, who has courteously furnished us with the following de- scription of the vessel, and account of this her first voyage. She was originally a French transport that was bought by the firm of Messrs. James Baines and Co., and was lengthened at Bristol, by the celebrated ship-builders, Messrs. Paterson and Co. Her present dimensions are as follows:—304 feet long, 40 feet beam; and depth of hold, 33 feet 6 inches; engines, 150 horsepower, each working together up to 500; her spacious saloons can ac- commodate one hundred first- class passengers, and her 'tween decks are capable of taking, with com- fort, four hundred and fifty. The whole are fitted up with the most modern improvements for com- fort and health. She sailed from Cork on the 11th of September, with light breezes from S.W. Steamed to the southward as far as Cape Finisterre, when the wind came down from N.E.; made all sail, and lifted the screw. The breeze lasted only twenty hours, when steam was got up again. Light S.W. wind continued; so that the ship was kept under steam until south of the Canery Islands, when one of the pipes con- nected with the engines burst, which caused a de- lay of two days, the engines working day and night until it was completed. Steam was again got up. Light winds and calms continued throughout the N.E. trade-winds. Never had an opportunity of lifting the screw again until on the equator, which was crossed on the 21st day out. Got good S.E. trades. Set all available sail—top sails and courses—as on a very early part of the voyage the top-gallant masts had broken the iron trestletrees down, which, in spite of every ell'ort, became useless, depriving the ship of the top- gallant sails, royals, stay sails nnd studding sails for the whole of the voyage, thus affording little prospect of a speedy passage. Reached the meri- dian of Tristan d'Acunha in 45 deg. south, on the 23rd of October, then had eight days' hard S. and S.E. winds, so that the meridian of tlie Cape of Good Hope was passed in 38 deg. south; thence to the meridian of Cape Leuwin had fair winds, fre- quently making over 300 miles per day. On this coast a succession of easterly winds have had to be contended against; this, and the fact of several minor break downs with the engines, as is gene- rally the case with new engines, are the causes attributable to the vessel having made a longer passage than was at first expected. The ship is in good order, and Captain Price speaks of her in the highest terms as a sea-going vessel.—Melbourne "Age," Nov. 27. 