QUEENSLAND. The Burnett Argus records a horrible case of murder and robbery, committed within fifteen miles of Gayndah. The victim was a German, on his way to Gayndah ; the suspected assassin a young man, hailing as a late arrival to this colony a by the Erin-go-Bragh. The suspected person is of course in custody. A parcel of gold has been received in town by Mr. H. P. Abbott, the manager of the Australian Joint-Stock Bank, from Messrs. Winter & Co., of Yamba, weighing 33oz. 2dwt. It is the produce of the Peak Downs Diggings. The Peak Downs Copper Mining Company in- tend to commence active operations forthwith. The Whirlwind carries home in all twenty-nine bales of clean cotton, seventeen bales from the Cabalture Cotton Company, and twelve from the Ipswich Cotton Companry.. W are informed that the cotton plant on the lands of most of the com panies is looking very well, and gives good pro- mise of a fair crop. HORNED SNAKE.- A few days ago a horned snake was killed between the rivers Forth and Leven. When met with it was engaged inr devour log a frog. A correspondent writes-" I was leading tile horse at the time I first caught sight of the snake, which lay on one sido of the road discussing a well-fatted frog ; this It was doing piecemeal, which, I believe, is contrary to the way they usually feed. It was so intent on Its occupation that it took no nolice of tme till I made a demonstration of hostility, when It darted fiercely at me, at the same time elevating a pair of horns on the top of its head hoarly three Inches in length, and curving outwards sufficiently to make them three times tho width across at their extremities to what they were at their bases. It was as muoh as I could do to destroy the senke as the stick I had was rotten, and the reptile kept darting at me, so that I had to run. At last, I disablod it with a stone, and then was enabled to dispathlt It at leisure." This is the first instance of which we have heard of a horned annko being found in this colony, and we regret that oar cor. respondent did not preserve the specimen. Should any of our readers meet with an individual of this species, we shall feel obliged if they will forward either ibo creature itself (dead), or a full deserlp lion of it. LICENSING MEETING.-The first quarterly licensing meeting for this year is to be held at the Court House at 11 a.m. on Monday. THE OVERLAND ROUTE.-The Madras Times has the following in reference to a rumored change in the homeward overland route :-" There is a rumor, strongly confirmed, that the route of the the homeward steam passage overland Is to be of greatly changed. It is well known that the fa- but cilities now presented by the Italian ports and onl railways are such, that EIngland may be reached h:tt some thirty-six hours sooner than by Marseilles; diet besides the advantage of passing through, the classic land of Naples, Rome, Tuscany, &e; Th Whether it will he more pleasant, physically tos al be trundled along on a railway, than to be gently in i transported by steamship, is a matter upon which J. we have considerable doubt; but tastes differ on Re this point. There can be no doubt, however, on one thing, that if the traveller be not pressed for iA time, he can; at a trifling expense, pass a few Re days at each of the greatenetres of attraction, and bh thus do the great tour most satisfactorily. This TI is a much more feasible operation than staylog in set Egypt to "do" the sources of the Nile, the temples ha and graves of the most ancient of all civilizatlons, a as somelimes is seriously recommended." VACATION TOUR.-In another column we commence a paper under this heading which will be read and recognised as the production of a an pen which has before now afforded our readers B pleasure. TaRcoATRmaoG THS Coat IacosNRano 'ow ta SH CounT oP RsnaarTsr.-The case of the Commil- to sitoer orthe Court of Requests at Ilobart Town C l(Fielding Browne, Esquire) e. John Davies, pro- ci prietor of the Afermcur newspaper, oharging the N latter with making use of abusive and threatening language, came on for hearing at the Hobart L Town Police Office, on Wednesday last, before is A. B. Jones, Esq., Stipendiary Magistrate. The it information charged the defendant with having i on 22nd inst. abused complainant in a public place by then and tllere saying the following words--" You are a rffianl; you are a corrupt old villain." These words were said when Mr. t Browne was in the exercise of a function belong ing to him as Commissioner of tlhe Court of Be quests, and he (Mhr. Browne) considered they had Si 0 a direct tendency to scandallse the Government of this colony. Mr. Browne therefore prayed.that the said John Davies might be bound over in sureties of good behaviour. Before pleading to the information, the defendant tendered an apology for the impropriety of his conduct, which n Mr. Browne, however, refused to accept, stating c , that he had no faith in the apology, because the r o, person who offered it bhad been declaring publicly c that as far as possible, and by all mnieans in his i y power he would crash him (Mr. Browne). The case aceordingly proceeded. The evidence of the s complainant was to the effectthat on the previous 'Thursday he held so adjonrned Court of Re quests. On the rising of the Court, he went to a slpeak to the Registrar on some business, attld whilst in the office, -defendant came in, in and referring to the deelsion in a recent case in r. which"he was plalntiff, said to the Registrair, ,1- "What Is this Mr. Browne has been sayingabout' my selling some hars of soap." AMr. Browne, s, who at the moment was in the act of leaving d the room, said, " What, AMr. Davies P" MDr. n Davies turned round and addressed Mr. Browne 8' as follows : "You are a rufl.n; you are a cor. rupt old villain:' " Mr. Browne made an observa Lion, saying, "Take care, Mr. Davies," pointing to him, and he immediately left the room, as the words were said In the heat of passion, and he feared Mr. Davies might do hbm some violence. After hearing the defence, the Police Magistrate, having expressed the opinion that it was a pity of the apology had not been effectual, said it was en necessary for the due maintenance of justice and oa order in piubli Courts that people should not be ny allowed to make use of language, nor act in the is way the defendant had done. In his view the by making of an apology did mitigate the offence an committed; and therefore he should not order of such heavy sureties as he should have done other Ice wise. He would, therefore, order the defendant to enter into recognizances to be of good bellha viour for six months towards all her Majesty's ine liege subjects, and especially towards Fielding Bho Browne, himself in £50 and two sureties of £25 the each. Messrs. George Brown, of Campbell-street, hat licensed victualler, and Isaac Pear, of Liverpool ro- and Mirray.streets, licensed victualler, entered iuto the required snretles with Mr. Davies. WVEsLETnrAN MesaIONs.-Tho annual sermons on behalt of tihe Wesleyan Missionary Society will and be preached in the Patterson-street Chapel to or- morrow (Sunday), by the Rev. James Buller, of w"e New Zealand. On Monday evening the annual ght plublic meeting will be held in the same chapel ad when the Revs. J. Buller, S. Wilson, and other ministers and friends will deliver addresses. THE THISTLE NUISANCE.-We would call the attention of the municipal authorities to the fact that there are a great number of thistles in the outlying streets of the town. These noxious weeds are just flowering, and unless cut down at once, they will soon ripen, and the seed will be flying about in all directions. We understand that in many of the country districts this nuisance becoming intolerable; and it has been sugges- ted that the Road Trustees have been rather negligent in the matter. HORTICULTURAL SHOW.-The fifty-second show of the Gardeners' and Amateurs' Horticul - suet tural Society will be held on next Thursday ping afternoon and evening. We have been cor. requested to state that competition for Mr. ould Bevoridgo's prize for dahlias Is not limited to this amateurs. rard KSno, TIIa AuanrALN. x EXPLOnEn, the rp. only survivor of Burke and Wills' party, arrived here by the Black Swan last eveuning. There was not the slightest demonstration, as Ilis arrival wase almost unknown at the thton, it being effected th veryquietly iu consequnce of the weak state of his health. ToTUA AnTsrENasc.-Thero was a fiir at. I tendance on Thursday evening at Mr. Meorson's of lecture, aboit 160 persons, princlpally brethren of the 1.O. Reehabltes, being present.- The subject tIe of the lecture was "The antion of alcohol on the per human frame,". and thie lecturer argued that not tent only was alcohol utterly inelictent nasa medicine fie h:at that It teeded'to create, rather than to.nre, live disease. -it e WxaLswAN MImTBnsta' 'ApPoI xrEsS.- wll Thestations of the Wesleyan Ministers for the ca suing year ihave been inally settled. The changes tas in the Tasm iaan districts are as follows:-Rev. tloa J. Cope leaves Campbell Town for Adelaide; ta Rev. J. Fillingham removed from Hobart Town for to Campbell Town ; Rev. . Williams comes from 1e Adelaide to Hobart Town as the colloeague of the Rev. J. Lowee; and to supply a vacancy at West- air bury tihe Mersey will be left without a minister. I These ministerial changes take place the firator iln second week in April. Tile Rev. W. Butters the has twelve month's.leave of absence to visit Eng- If t land, and has been appointed representative to tilhe i British Conferenceltht will meet in'Shellield in th a July nlexb.' During the sitting of Conference the gr N. S. Wales district has been divided ino five, b a and the Victoria district into three districts. Hobart Town Advertiser. The Merucry says:- ne "In Hobart Town the Revs, W. Lows and fly Spenser Williams- will be the resident ministers tIs for this year; the-Rev. J. Fillingham goltg to a Campbell 'T'own, the Rev. -J. Cope to Adelaide, the Rev. R. Casely to'. Deloraine. The Mersey els circuit will in all probability be supplied by Mr. e Nye, of Horton Colleae. The-Rev. Mr. Cooc will remain at the Franklin, the Roev. W. D. D. Leleno at Louiford, .the Rev. M'. liutchisoot at Launceston, and the Rev. Mr. Smnithlies at Oat- r 'e lads. The Rev. Mr. Atngwln will take the e Westbury circuit; the Rev. W. A. Quick ofI g Horton College, being the Chairman of .the dis.g trict. It is expected that the business of the con lerence will be brought to close early noat week.":' g ExroarrOTIO OF .FLOuli IPiom ADFLAIDE. I r-The S. . Register of the 23rd instant, says- e A telegram appeared in the .Qdney Morning i h erald of the 23rd instant,dated Adelaide, whichi states that South Australia will have 50,000 tons more wheat and four available for export this yoar than sbh had last. This was, of course, in merely a mistake. Our total quantity ayallable to for export this year will probably hbe about O 60,000 tons. THE ARTILLERY BAND, - MOONLIGHT EXCURSION TO THE CATARACT. - According to announcement , the Volunteer Artillery Band proceded up the Cataract in a boat yesterday even ning, and performed a number of marches, galops, waltzes, and other dance music. The beauty of the the evening attracted a large concourse of spec. tators on shore, the southern approach to the pro. posed now bridge being crowded, whilst numerous groups were scattered about on the side of. the hill; .and a large fleet of well- freighted pleasure boats was skimming the smooth surface of the waters, on which the pale moon shed a lustrous silvery light. Some enterprising persons made a display of fire. works. Others kindled large fires on either side of the gorge, and the bright red flames lighting up the curious old rocks, produced a strange yet pretty effect, whilst the soft strains of muslc floating on the air and echoing amongst the rocky crags of this beautiful and romantic spot, almost led one to believe it was a fairy scene. We trust the band will make several similar excurslons before the close of the summer, and thus continued to afford the citizens delight. ful and entertaining recreation. ity CAUPBERLL Tow:.--Intelligeneo has been rag received train Campbell Town that the remains nd of a little German girl who was missing be some weeks since from the residence the of her foster parents, a Mr. and Mrs. Pierce, at the Auburn, have been found. An Inquest was to be ace hold. A boy about fourteen years of oge.has been der found hung to the branch of a tree near 'lawk er. ridge. An inquest on tho' body was to have been ant held yesterday. hra. It.nouanN MALu..-The bulk of the letters, ty's &e.;, for this side of the island tas again been sent ling to Hobart Town by the Tasmania, so that we will E25 have to walt until Monday, if not longer, for our eet, letters and papers. This is very annoying, when ioo) It is remembered that had the Melbourne Post tred Office authorities acted in a common sense man nor, and, instead of forwarding our letters on o Wednesday by the Tasmania, taken tle trouble to separate them from the others and detain them will until the Black Swan left on the following day, to. they would have been delivered in Launceston of Ist evening. Cannot this plan be adopted in future ? ual fTsu JESUITs' OATu.-At a lecture given by pel Baron de Cuminll, on the subject. of " The Jesuits, ther the Spies of the Pope, and Napoleon the Little," tile lecturer stated that Cardinal Wiseman had call taken the Jesuits'oath, in'substanceas flilows: " I, Nicholas Wiseman, in the presence of God, the the Holy Virgin, the Holy Ghost, the apostles, pat in riarchs, etc, vow, without hesitatlon, that I will ious ahoy all orders and comnmands from my supe* riors-I will never reveal the secrets of the order, S abut will wage war against any country, eet pon tl.bo ple against monarch, or monarch against people, rand wife agaleat ihusand, son against fathier, or any nes other- part of the family. I will go anywhere, anmmit adultery,- treason, murder, or any.crime hge. wich I amt ordered for the good of my order; if ther I do not my tongue shall bo dried up, my blood shall be turned into water, and my soul shall go andto the devil-so help me God'-."-English Pper. MoDnaE of BurrDtL as.-Amongst the more cut remarkable models of buildings itl the Exhibition ,day may be mentioned that of Lincoln Cathedral been made nearly from 2,000,000 old corks by au agri Mr. cultural laborer; though not made accurately to to scale, this model Is remarkable for its correctness Iand is a good instance of the great amounat of work that may beh accomplished by persevering the industry during leisure hours. ed GEInt ON TaR LAST E?IVATIONrOF o CN TaAL ScorLAna -Archibald Geikie, Esq., of tlie was Geological Sirvey, deacrlbes thbe evtienre it has was obtained, to alshow that a " portion of the coast of oted the Flirtlh of Forth haIs been elevated not only t of within the humuas period, but even aince the firsat years of the Itomsan oeupatflot," -IrNcomatsTtnL: DRaMEos.-Tho sum total r of the facts is comprised at this moment in the statement, that, of niall preservatives of linen p garmont agaolnst flame, sulphate of ammonia is z the cheapest and best. A solution contailntg 7 per cent, of crystalllsed salt. or six and two tenths per cent. of:anhydroms salt, Is a perfect preservative. It does not.offer the realstance to the iron that other salts do, as only a cnmpota tively smalt proportion of it is used t neither does it enance the color or texture of the ftrlo upon t which it In employed.-Social Science Reefw. ( Tit CAPt FOon PnolRnss.-A prospec- I tos has Ieen issued oftho South African Irrign- a tion and Investoent Company, with a capital of 1,00,.000L, it shares of 501. The object is to pro mote the accomplishment of publlo undertakings for developing the resources of tile Cape of Good Hope, Blritslh Koffraria, and Natal, and. the operations are to inciude land and irrigation lightlng, paoing - nd waterworks, and, lrausnements for trust and loans and investments A Nv.w Cntlatt Onocr eoT.-Ladies aes introducing a now and beautifol ornament for the parlour mantel or centre table. They take large pine hurrs, sprinkle gra's seeds of any kind' In them, and place them in pots of water. When the burrs are soaked a few days they close up in the form of solid cones, then the little spears of green grass begin to emerge from amongst the Ismlom;for?dng a' ornament of rare and simple beauty. A CarNc etsKxT.-- We havo just had a new illustrailon of Chllleee iungenoly. Kite I flying is the favorite nmuaement of the Smythes datle-youth at present, and usually of an afterndon a numher of the ordinary boys' kites are to be seen hovering ahout at a greater or less elevation, while one always soars high abore all the others. elegant in shalle, stately and majestic In motion, and altogether very superior both in shape and performance to all its rivals. This is a China man's kite and it possesses another quality to raise it still further beyond European competillio -it is musical. By an ingenionus arrangement Ob a reeds, this kite is so constructed nas to become a musical instrument of considerable power, and acted upon by the fresh breeze of the upper re gions, it gives out a succession of pleasant sounds, something like the notes of an iEolisot harp, but t. load enough to be heard with pet lect distinctness \- even when the kite is high in the air. Sometimes the dotes of this singusarly-plnced instrument are very beautiful.-Grenville Advocate. It = • i m i 