BAPTIST CHAPET, 1IAGILL. The foundation-stone of a new- Baptist Chapel at Magill was laid on Tuesday, September Ai. About lot) persons, including visitors from Adelaide and j other pi ace?, assembled to witness the ceremony. ! 1 The huihlins is to be erected on an aDotmeut ei land abutting on the MajriU-road, and its dimcu- i sions arc 35 by 25 feet; provision is made for a j room below the chapel for the use o! the Similar school and the walls, as far as the set ofil are to be J composed of concrete stuccoed over. The super structure is to be of stone and brick, and it is cal culated that the entire edifice will be erected for j little more than £350. of winch sum about £200 has already been subscribed and promised. Tlic tt&rd; Hymn in the selection having been : f?n?* Hev. A- W. Webb read from the Second 1 book of Chronicles Solomon's prayer at the deiH cjitio:i of the Temple, after which he supplicated the Divine blessing. The Jley. Mr. Sxojteitouse havSnsr gone through the usual formula connected with the laying of tlie stoue, Mr. Stbauuhedqe said the battle placed in the canty beneath the stone contained the papers of the day, and a document of which the following were t ue heads:—" This building is erected for the worsmp of the Great I Am, the Father, the Son, and tlie iioiy Ghost—one God. It is intended to be devoted for the use of those holding Baptist principles who have of Jate been worshiping in iilr. i. Barnes s house, and was laid this 2:tth day of September, ISO."!, by the Key. George Stoneliouse. Trustees—Messrs. T. Barnes, C. K. Horton, IX fowier, C. Goode, S. Y ation, Joseph Mercer IV Barnes, J. Straw-bridge, sen., and J. Straw-bridge, ym- Beacons—Messrs. Horton and T. Barnes. Buuuuig Committee- Same as Trustees with the addition of IV. Y'utemuu. Architects—Messrs. Barnes and Vateman."' The Eev. Mr. BTOKEnousE then addressed the assembly. He said they had now laid the founda tion-stone of a Christian sanctuary. That w-as an eveut w hich did not frequently occur, and it was on tins account that it excited so much interest. There was au interest attaching to the event itself as well as to the circumstances wliich led to it—the associations with which it was connected and tiie resu.ts which, under God's blessing, might !>e expected to now- from the erection of a house for His worship. Men had buiit pyramids, temples, palaces, and tombs, and each of these pos sessed a glory peculiar to itself ; but a place for the worship of Him whom the heaven of heavens could not contain had a dis tinguishing glory, a moral and spirit ual excellence, w inch far exceeded those other evidences of man's handiwork. It was well to found benevolent institutions, to build asylums for the destitute and hospitals for the sick; hut to raise a temple wnerern to celebrate the praise of the Most High far transcended these works. It rose as much above tnem as things spiritual rose above tilings temporal—as those things which were imperishable aud eternal exceeded in importance matters be longing to the present life. It was a gratifying feature of the tunes, and particularly noticeable in connection with the land in which thev lived, that wherever a few-Christian friends or families settled down near each other, however much they inHit diner in minor matters, one of the first things tuey thought about was the erection of a house of prayer where they lmglit record their vo ws, aud witkiu which they might attend to the services of religion. This spirit had been manifested from the beginning of tne colony, and still new struc tures were bemg erected. Indeed, it couid truly be said that there was no place on the earth where there were so many houses of prayer, in comparison to the population, as in rtnutli Australia. The luulumg which it was comtcm plated to erect on that spot was intended for the use ot that section of the Church which men called the Baptist denomination; and while they were quite wmmg to have that appellation applied to them, they stid laid claim to the title of Christian; and thej-bowed with submission to tiie teaching ot God s \yord wiLU relation to the ordinance of baptism, they yet heartily welcomed all who lovei Christ m sincerity. The basis of their communion was exceedingly broad indeed; as one of their poets had said " liven the dipped and sprinkled Jm,' i ,u,beaL'e-Jieverting to the object for which they had met, he remarked that the occasion of their gathering was one which should evoke pleasure and thankfulness. When the foundation -£,V'e_ earth was lam the morning stars sang to gether, tne sons of God shouted for joy, and the mighty Architect pronounced that the work of His hand was good; but the circumstances connected £rikiniie {^p^tion of man ,rere far more sa-ihing. God said that man was wanderin" without a foundation on which to rest, an3 m the pleutitude of His goodness he de termined to provide a substantial and per manent one, and he made known his designs liy tlie mouuli of his servant the prophet. "Sehold l lay in Zion a stone: a tried stone, a precious corner-stone, a sure foundation." It was this truth winch constituted the stability of their faith. Ic was tins truth which would be madeknown from Sabbath to bahbath within the walls of tliat edihce wuen erected. Gould they, then, not con Silently expect tlic blessing of Him who assured i His disciples, when tlicir number was small and 1 iienc® ^ 'For,,vllere tn'° or three are met together in My name, there am I in the midst of tkemi And how strictly had thatproimse been verified in the history of the Church; for notwith standing tunes of darlaiess and affliction and seasons of persecution and trihnlatiou, the cause of the Kedeemer had prospered in nro to the prayeifulness and zeal and devoted Posf of its adherents, until now the little leiven tif^iis ?'rr e wkoie lump, and the boughs of tlie tree of hfe were bending down with tlie wei"lit of, tiie!ir fruit within the reach of all. He ended who had not done so to build upon that foundation winch God had laid in Ziou— that corner-stone which had been tried in life and tried rndea.h, tried by the saints in heaven and ^but whidi ^ „<v Hymn having been sang, and pravcr ufted. " luck' t,le ccrelu°uy ti-rmi •,-™f7peiMT0^rse of Persons shortly afterwards assembled at the residence of Air. Barnes to 1 il provided in commemoration of tijjroroof- A public meeting followed in the t °f late served the purpose ,, . i, -?o 01 worship for those belonging to aUto^lT hr.PjTS;!asJMagill, amounting in ri 2j- The congregation attending the ministra tion of the Gospel in Sir. Barnes's house has. however, increased to such an extent as to rendcr additional accommodation necessary , singing and prayer, Captain W. Scott was called on to preside. In a few opening remarks tliAt sentlemau alluded to the iiiauv religious privileges enjoyed by the present generation wh en were not conceded to their ai cestor and urged the necessity for Christian dS£. He looked upon every new -church which otlinanT^ahlst tIlc battlements or sid ana o^tan. J*Ir. Hariie.s next {rave a conrisf* Smnn? icircumstances which had led to the ? riHv^l, i°i;ne.rrCtl,1S-alle'v c!laPek and stated that, although the dimensions were small, the pronor ti°,"®5e,rc such as to admit of the building beiu" enlarged without detracting anything from its air pearance. . The Ilev. G. Stoneliouse followed and took oc^on to refer t° the statistics prepared by Si with regard to church ac commodation m the province. He thought the fact which they disclosed gave Christians in the province abundant cause to thank God aud take courage. The rev. gentleman then, iiiaven-elegaut manner,proceeded to show that it was rigliteousn^s neritv nf if1 a nation, aa<i not material pros- : penty or the encouragement of the arts and sciences. Mr. M.K.Thomastlien congratulated the ' Sff?™1®!011 « evtl?f which had that day occurred, Jfl /o , observations relative to the im portance of bunday-schools. The Kev. Mr. Tu"k . in the course of liis address stated that there was ■ not a sufficiency of weis-wttalified ministers in i tlie country districts, and urged tliat steps should he taken to supply the deficiency. The ! Rev. A. W- Weld) being called upon delivered ; an impressive address, in which he warned tiie j audience against indulging ill pride. The.v might, : he said, deluge the land with tabernacles, hut no l good result would follow unless the life of true j religion were maintained. Mr. .1. White having made a few remarks, Sir. Chas. Goode was called upon to speak, lie alluded to the spread of I Baptist principles in the colony, in England. and j 011 the Continent, and urged those present, in view I of their ninny privileges, to live in accordance with the precepts of Ciirist. Sir. Jas. Smith next spoke of the results which might follow from the faithful preaching of the Word 111 that locality; after which a vote of thanks was passed to tiie Chairman, and the meeting closed in the usual way. Cong keg ationax Chapel, Milano.—A correspondent says—"On Sunday, tiie 20th in stant, the first anniversary of tiie opening of the Milang Congregational <"mine! was held. The liev. It. W. Kewland, of Encounter Jiay, preached in the morning, and the Iter. H. T. Burgess in the evening. On the Tuesday following a public meeting was held in the Mill Store, kindly lent by ■ Messrs. B. & P. Pavv for the occasion, and which was presided over by a number of the ladies belonging to the congregation. The tables were tastefully arranged. The same evening a meeting was held in the chapel, over which the Ecv. 11, AV. Zealand presided. Prayer was oiVered by the minister—the Bev. C. D. Watt—and addresses were delivered by the Chairman, and the Hers. Messrs. Anderson, of Strathalbyn, Howie, of Muclaren Vale, Boberts. of Hapny Valley, llotham, of Port Elliot, and others. Thanks having been given to the ladies and the Chairman, (he meeting, which was largely^ attended, was concluded by singing and prayer."' U ydalya.—A correspondent says "The anniversary of the Bible Christian Chanel : was held on Sunday, September 20t'n. The ' congregations were large, and collections double last year. On Monday the usual tea avas held, but in consequence of the wetness of the day there were very few present comnared with other years. The public meeting went oti' with gi eat zest. The collection and tea meeting were a little over last year, being just enough to meet the expenses." Salisbury Sunday-sSchooii.—A corre spondent informs us that "the anniversary ser vices of the Church of England Sunday-school at Salisbury were held on the 27th lilt., the Lord Bishop preaching in the morning, and the Rev. Mr. Craig in tlic evening. The visit of the Bishop was much appreciated. On Monday afternoon the children inarched in procession to the Assembly Booms, and there partook of a liberal supply of good things. The room was beautifully decorated with garlands and crowns, presenting the most flowery appearauce. A large company of parents ami friends also took tea, after which tiie room was crowded by one of the largest audiences ever assembled in Salisbury for the entertainment of the evening. Mr. Taplin occupied the chair. The principal feature was a lecture, delivered by Mr. Craig, on "Perseverance,' illustrated by the lives of Columbus, Cook, and many others. Good music and singing at times enlivened the proceedings, and both the lecturer and choir were frequently app.'auded. The proceeds for the funds of the Sunday-scliool reached the handsome sum of £IV Religious Statistics.—Mr. Thomas I Reynolds lias favoured us with the following sketch of the religious statistics given by him at the late anniversary meeting of the Congregational Church in Hindmarsh-square:—"My "remarks embrace three periods—1st. a period before the year 1S4G; 2nd, a pcrioil from 131!! to the end of the year 1S50, when considerable grants were made from the public Treasury; aud 3rd, a period embraced iu the i years 1851 to the year 1S02 inclusive. In the year I Ubjthe population was 22,390, and the church and other accommodation 7.040, being 314 per ceut. to population ; in 1851 the population was 03,700, church accommodation 20,673, or nearly 33 per ceut.; in 1SG2 the population amounted to 135,000, and the church accommodation 78,610, being nearly 53 per ceut. The churches and chapels in 1S51 | numbered 106, ami in 1SS2 410, being an increase of 304\. The population iu 1S51 was 63,70and in 1862 135,030, say increase 112 per cent. The church and chape! accommodation (without private buildings) in 1851 was 12),593, and in 1S62 72,816, being an increase of say 270 per cent. The "Statistical Register" for 1S02 shows the fol lowing result (leaving out fractions) in the propor tionate increase furnished by the respective bodies in the year 1S31:—Church of England, 200 per cent.; Wesleyan Methodists, 350; Church of Rome, 275; Independents, 175; Baptists, 100—or including Christian Disciples, 250; Lutherans, l-2o; Free Church of Scotland. 487; Secession, or United Presbyterians, SO; and the Primitive Met ho- ] ilists, 250percent. The Bible Christians, a body not ] known as such in 1831, has provided aceommoda- | tion for 9,0/0, and now ranks third among the ] great religious bodies. The other miner bodies furnish accommodation for 860. The census of 1801 made children under 15 yeaTs of age consti tute 43'07 of the entile population. So that were we to resolve the children into statute adults, it would give us an adult population at the com- i meuccmcut of this year of 105,500 or thereabout. Jiuir, as in the last return of church accommoda tion that enterprising body, the Weslcyan Metho- ] dists, have not given us any returns of their places of worship otherwise than chapels, and as the RomauCatholies have not furnished rel returns beyond those of 1851, but of whom we may assume they have not been stationary during the last, year, and as we have returns of aenmmodation to the extent of 5,800 in buildings otherwise than chinches or ' chapels, it does appear that it would not he a very difficult matter, were the population suitably local ed, to accommodate every man, woman, and child who could possibly attend religious ordi nances on any "given day or hour. In 1S53 there were oil Sunday-shools and 3,074 scholars; iu 1S02 , :>S ) schools and 20,705 scholars. The relative j position of the great religious bodies iu 1S62 stand i thus:—1, Wesieyan Methodists; 2, Church of J England; 3, Bibfc Christians; 4, Independents; 5, Primitive Methodists; 6, Church of Rome; 7, Lutherans; S, Baptists; 9, Free Church; 10, Christian Disciples; 11, Church of Scotland; 12, United Presbyterians. The Unitarians, Mew Jerusalem Church, Friends, and Jews are com paratively smalL" HUNTDRtD OF WttLUSO A BEAKCH BlBLE Society.—Our Noarlunga correspondent sends the following:—"The annua! meeting of the above Society was held on Friday evening, the 25th in stant, at the Congregational Chape), Maclaren Yale. Tiie chape! was tolerably well tilled, many persons being present from Willunga and the sur rounding districts. The chair was occupied by the llev. E. Iv. Miller; and a deputation was present from Adelaide, consisting of the Rev. F. iv. Cox and Mr. May. A hymn haviug been sung, chapter read, and prayer offered by the Rev. J. Howie, the Chairman gave a short address, referring to the recent discoveries of science as being iliustra- i live and confirmatory of the truth and inspiration j of the Holy Scriptures. The Secretary, Mr. J. B. Bassett, thcu read the annual report, from which it appeared that the amount of subscriptions during the year was £14 5s., aud the stock now on hand £22 4s. 6d. The number of books sold was smaller than in previous years, but this was to be expected, as almost every family was now in pos session of copies of the Scripture. The Rev. J. Prior, iu moving the adoption of the report, suggested that some means should ; be adopted in order that the assistance j given to the Parent Society should not he tnful and uucertain, but regular and reliable, and that united action should be taken by the various churches to attain this end. The resolu tion was briefly secouiled by Mr. Kelt, aud carried unanimously. Mr. May moved tlie next reiolu- ! tion—' That this meeting, acknowledging its obli- | gations to Almighty Cod for the revelation of His will to inau, and for the instrumentality which He has becu pleased specially to employ in the j British aud Foreign Bible Society, enabling it to furnish so many regions of the earth with the Holy Scriptures in their respective tongues, hopes to fulti! those obligations in doing to its utmost to extend the influence of the Parent Society, by its deepest sympathy and warmest co-operation and referred specially to the good which was being effected inlndiabytheoperatibiis of the Society and the diffusion of religious knowledge. He also referred to the almost total destitution of Bibles , experienced by tlie army in the Southern Con federation of America, aud the assistance given by tlie Parent Society, and urged upon the meeting the necessity of continued and increased effort iu carrying out the objects of this Institution. The Itev. Mr. Howie seconded the resolution, which I was put and carried. The Rev. F. W. Cox moved | the third resolution—' That this meeting, grate fully recording the goodness of God in the past success which lias been afforded to the British and | Foreign Bible Society aud its numerous branches and auxiliaries, earnestly prays that His blessing may still be continued to tliem, as well as to ail kindred institutions' — in a highly interesting : speech, in the course of which the operations of ] the Society in most countries of continental j Europe were noticed, and many instances of the good effected adduced. The indefatigable labours of many of its agents aud colporteurs were also referred to. The resolution was seconded by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, wiio spoke of the origin of | the Society, aud gave some statistics of its labours and the vast results effected by its means. Fir. T. S. Kefi, the Treasurer, then gave a statement of I the funds of the Branch Society, from which it ] appeared there was a balance in hand of £26 5s., and that £15 had been sent as a donation to the Parent Society iu October last. A collection was made amounting to £219s. 2d. A vote of thanks to the deputation foi their presence was moved by Mr. Brown, and seconded by Fir. Colton. Fir. FL Burgess moved the fifth resolution, wliicb expressed thanks [to the Treasurer, Secretary, Committee, aud ladies for their past services, aud mentioned the names of the Committee for the ensuing year. Fir. Sykcs seconded, and the motion was carried. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, and after singing the Doxology the meeting was j closed by prayer." Teateee Golly Sovday-School.—A correspondent writes as follows:—"The anniver sary services of this institution were held on , Sunday, September 27. Tlie sermon in the after- j noon was preached by Fir. Swami, of Salisbury; and that in the evening by the Rev. Geo. Prince. Tlie tea meeting and public examination took place on the Monday following. About Si) children partook of the cakes and buns provided for them, i and about 91) friends and parents aftern-aids occu pied themselves for a short time in the same way. The Rev. Canon Farr presided at the examination, , the children reciting various passages from Holy- , Writ, hymns, Ac., in a very satisfactory manner, and sung during the evening several school pieces. The Chairman expressed his satisfaction at the answers given to questions on the shipwreck of St. Paul, recorded in Acts xxvii. Tlie proceeds of the services realized an amount sufficient for tlie re quirements of the current year." Encounter Bay District School.— A correspondent writes:—"The scholars of this school were publicly examined by their teachers, Mr, and Mis. Jolly, on Wednesday, the 23rd, in the Congregational Chapel. Mr. Prosser, a member of the District Council, was called on to preside. About 40 scholars were present, and this number, added to the parents and friends, made a gathering of near 200. The report embraced many particulars, and was principally approved as showing steady increase and good average at tendance. The scholars were examined iu classes by ordinary class exercises, and their answers were deemed satisfactory, especially the higher classes of grammar, arithmetic, and geography. A few of the recitations were very creditably given. I may remark that this school was the first esta blished in the neighbourhood; and this, its first examination, has more thaa met the hopes of those who li",ve long laboured for its establish ment. An abundant spread w-js provided by Mr. aud Mrs. Jolly, which seemed to be greatly enjoyed by- those who. pactwok of it, ami die day was passed; la a most agswable manner," 