GHOSTS IN AUSTRALIA. In the spring of 185-, I was employed in driving a numerous herd of store cattle from New England down into the Melbourne country. The grass was plentiful, and the cattle travelled along at their lei- sure across the wide plains which lie between the Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, and Edward Rivers. It was nearly sunset on a fine evening in August when we came to Deniliquin, where the crossing place of the last-named river is situated ; and driving the cattle down into an angle of the Edward we camped close to the foot of the sandhill on which the township is built. There were two or three other herds of cattle and some flocks of sheep waiting to cross in the morn- ing, and as several of the men in charge of them went up to Billy M'lntyre's public-house, and then came down to our camp fire, there was soon a pretty large crowd of bushmen assembled round it. Some of them had brought bottles of rum from the inn, and as the grog circulated, we began to discuss the various routes by which we had travelled. There was a long argument as to the best track across the Old Man Plain ; but, as almost all of us were in favor of that by Lang's crossing-place, that point was almost settled, when an Australian stockman named Driscoll started what he seemed to consider an unanswerable objection, by asking us how we would avoid the Black Swamp and the ghost of the " trotting cob ?" This speech was received with a roar of laughter ; but Driscoll jumped up in a rage, and said, " You may laugh as you like, boys ; but as sure as I am standing here, I saw it myself, worse luck, and seeing's believing." Of course, when we heard this, we were all anxious for the story ; and, by the aid of a little judicious flattery and a pannikin of grog, we succeeded in appeasing Driscoll's passion, and prevailing on him to tell us his adventure, which he did in the following words :— " You nearly all know Wantabadgery Station above Wagga-Wagga. Well, two years ago, Bill Kelly and I took three hundred fat beasts from there to fetch into Bendigo. The feed was good, and we came down the river bank till we reached, Lang's, where we crossed the cattle. It was late in the afternoon when we got out on the plain ; and the sun was just dipping as we were abreast of the Black Swamp ; so we rounded up the cattle and determined to stop there for the night; We hobbled our horses close at hand, lit our fire, and had our suppers. Then we agreed that I should take the first watch ; so Kelly rolled himself up in his possum-rug, and I went down to have a look at the cattle and horses. I found them all right ; so I went back to the fire, heaped on fresh fuel, and then stretched myself down to have a comfortable smoke. I was pretty tired with riding all day, and the fire was hot, so in a short time I dozed off. I must have slept three or four hours, for the cold awoke me, as the fire was very low ; so I got up and put on more wood, and then I thought I'd just go round the cattle before I waked Kelly to take his watch. So I caught and saddled my mare, and rode away to the cattle-camp. The moon was at the full, and shining brightly, and the beasts had drawn out on the plain to feed ; so, of course, I started to head them back. I was cantering along when all of a sudden the lead- ing cattle came galloping back, and as they wheeled, a man passed close to me, riding a bald-face cob, and coming from the opposite direction. Now Kelly's horse was bald faced, so I thought that he had waked up and come out to look after me, so I rode on towards the camp. When I got there, to my great surprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled up in his rug, and appa- rently fast asleep. This very naturally vexed me, so I shook him roughly, and when he sat up, says I to him : " Kelly, what do you mean by going and lying down again when you know it's your watch ? " '' ' Lying down again,' replied he. ' Why, I never woke at all till now.' " ' What,', cried I, ' do you want to deny that you passed me just now out on the plain heading back the cattle ? I did not see your face, but I saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough.' " At that, Kelly jumped up as if he was shot. ' Saddle up, for your life, Driscoll,' said he, ' and let us be off. You've seen the ghost of the trotting cob, and we're both dead men.' " Well, we jumped on our horses, and by daybreak we had got as far as Broderip's Station ; and next night we camped just where we now are ; but that very trip, Kelly was drowned in the Campaspe, and I broke two ribs and my collar bone. So I for one would sooner go a hundred miles round than camp again near the Black Swamp, and chance seeing the ghost of the trotting cob." When Driscoll had finished, the conversation naturally turned on apparitions, and " Fisher's Ghost " was triumphantly quoted as an unanswerable argument in their favor ; but there were still seve- ral who laughed at the idea of such things. At last a bullock-driver from the Sydney side said : " There are ghosts, there's no denying ;? and I'll tell you of one that hundreds heard about, and many of you know the man who saw it, and you can ask himself about it. Many of you have been up the Murray towards Albury, and have passed Brown's station just above Quart- Quart. Well, when I was a Government-man, I was doing my time near Camden, and in those days Brown had a farm at the Cow-pastures, close to where I was living. He had just settled down on the Murray with a few hundred head of cattle, and stopped there five or six months, putting up huts and yards, and breaking in the cattle to the run ; so, when he thought everything was going on well, he started for down-country, intending to bring up more stock in a short time. He travelled on horse back, for there were no mail-coaches to the Murray then, and, as he pushed on pretty sharp, he was very tired when he got to the Myrtle Creek. He told Thomson, the landlord, to call him early in the morning, took his supper, and two or three glasses of rum, and then went to bed. Towards morning, something awoke him, and when he opened his eyes he saw his wife standing by the bedside. Before he could speak to her she ' told him ' to get up, and went out of the room at once. Well, Brown was greatly surprised, of course, at seeing her at that place, but he thought that she had come to meet him, so he got up and dressed himself. When he went down, he looked in the parlors ; but as he could not see her, he began to call out her name. At last, the noise he made roused up the landlord, and he came and asked me what the matter was. " 'Why, says Brown, ' I want my wife. She's come and waked me, and now she's hid herself.' " ' You're dreaming, man,' cried the landlord. ' How can your wife be here ? You know she's at the Cow-pasture Farm.' " 'What ? ' rejoined Brown; ' do you mean to say that she did not come here since I went to bed ? ' " ' Of course she didn't,' replied the landlord, ' for I locked the door when I went to bed, and the key is under my pillow.' " With that Brown grew frightened. ' Saddle my horse at once,' said he, ' for so sure as I'm a living man, my wife came and spoke to me to night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at home. ' With that, he mounted and galloped off. He rode till he knocked up his horse, and then he borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that, before sunset, he came close to the Cow- pasture Farm. As he galloped up, he could see there was something unusual going on, for several horses were fastened to the posts of the verandah, the working-men were standing in groups at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers were lounging about near the stockyard. Brown jumped off his horse, and was going at once into his house, but one of his neighbors came out, and met him at the door. This gentleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could what had taken place. Now, boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants, but his wife was a tyrant, and while he was at the Murray, she had been stopping the rations of the government men, and sending them up to court. There was one man in particular she took a great dislike to ; he could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning he got his fifty lashes at the nearest court house. At last he got desperate. He was chopping some wood, when she came up to him, and after abusing him, said : ' I'll get you fifty more on Monday next.' ' I may get the fifty,' cried he, " but you'll not live to know it ; ' and with that he lifted the axe he had in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cow-pastures at the very hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle creek ; so you can see, boys, there can be no doubt but ghosts do sometimes appear on earth.' " ' Of course, there's no doubt at all about that,' said an old shepherd, who had just come up to the camp, ' for I was close to one myself, and my mate saw it quite plainly, and as it was a quare thing, I'll tell yez all about it. You that are from the Sydney side must recollect the time when the fires were seen every night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all the people went out to see them, and the priest tried to lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, I'd been shepherding at Wargoola, near Car- coar, and when the shearing was over I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Bathurst to buy some things, and have a spree. Well, of course, in a few days I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I was just thinking of making a start I fell in with Red Jack. He was an old mate of mine, and he'd been down in town for some weeks, so you may be sure he had " pockets to let. " He was looking for a job ; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employ- ment, for they wanted some hands on the station. Jack said ' he was glad of the chance ;' so he rolled up his blankets. I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Bathurst. We had been noblerising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started ; so we walked along very gaily, and never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good camping-place as we walked on ; and just as it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another, and another. ' Come on,' said Jack ; ' we're all right now ; there's some overlanders there with cattle, and we'll go down to their camp.' " With that we turned in off the road, and went towards the nearest fire ; but when we got to it, there was not one there. We coöeed, but there was no answer ; so we pushed for the next, thinking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it, there was no one there either ; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I had heard them speak- ing of in Bathurst ; so I told Jack of it, and told him we'd better get away at once ; but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, we lit our pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece out of one of the bottles, and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he asked me if I was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off we went towards the next fire ; and when we came near it, we could see some one moving about and piling, on wood. ' There's your ghost for you,' says Jack. ' Hollo, mate, will you have a glass ? ' But the figure kept on at the fire, and made no answer. By this time we had got quite close to the fire, and as it blazed up, we saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he had no head on his shoulders — nothing but a blood stained stump of a neck, and yet he was going about quite con- tentedly feeding the fire. I thought I'd have dropped, but Jack said ' Come on, we'll grab him, ghost or no ghost.' Then he put the bottle to his mouth, and took a long drink ; I took another, and then Jack ran round the fire one way, and I ran another. As we got to the other side, we could see the Headless Shepherd standing between us. ' I have you now,' cried Jack, and tried to lay hold of him. I did the same, but he slipped through our fingers, and we caught only one another, and down we fell ; and when we came to ourselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went on to Wargoola ; but what became of the ghost I don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after.' This story started the dispute about spirits afresh, for there were some ' new chums ' present who had never read the Bathurst papers of the period, and they said that Rum was the only spirit that Red Jack and his mate had seen on King's Plains. However, the ' old hands ' would not listen to this, and the dispute began to grow furious. At last, Jim Ryan, an Irish native, roared out in a rage : ' It's my belief ye're no better than haythens ; and the next thing you'll do will be to deny the " Coöee Hut ! " ' This was evidently considered a conclusive argument by all the old bushmen, and their opponents were com- pelled to confess their ignorance of the Coöee Hut, and to ask for an account of it. For a short time, Jim Ryan refused to satisfy them, but at last he allowed himself to be persuaded. " The hut we call the Coöee or Mendering hut is out on the Yareko Creek, at the back of Goree Run ; and the way it got that name was this : At the time when the Billilong and Yareko were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. He was an emigrant, and had not been long in the colony, so they used to keep him about the home station chopping wood and carting water, and helping up at the draughting-yards, occa- ionally. Well, it happened that one of the shep- herds had a row with the overseer, and got dis- charged at once ; so, as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. The hut is twenty-five miles back from Goree ; so the overseer went out himself with Bill and the sheep, and then stopped a day with him, to show him the run. Bill had no hut keeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days ; but one very hot day he must have fallen asleep in the middle of the day, when the sheep were in camp, and did not awake until they were drawn out. He was, as I told you, a new chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so he wandered vaguely up and down, looking for the flock, until he lost himself completely. The dusk was coming on, so he began coöeing till he was fairly worn out, and then lay down to sleep. Next morning he started again, but he had got confused ; and you know the Yareko country is very puzzling, for the sandhills and plains are so much alike, it's very hard to tell one from another. Well, poor Bill tried to travel by the sun ; but as he kept following it, he went round and round, and at dusk was near the place he started from. He had no food, and could not find the creek, so he was dying of thirst, for it was burning hot weather. He coöeed again and again, till he fell exhausted, and there he lay till morning. In the morning he arose and crawled a few yards, then down he sank, and there he perished. Meanwhile, the sheep had gone to another out-station, ten miles further back, where they had been running formerly ; and as the feed was good, they stopped there very contentedly for seven or eight days, when the over- seer happened to see them, and of course he brought them in to the home-station, and then went out to tell Bill White to come in himself. When he got to the hut, he found the ashes cold on the hearth ; and he could see that White had not been in for some days ; so in a great fright he gallopped back to the home-station, and mustered all hands to go and look for Bill. He took two black trackers also ; and, as I happened to be passing, I went out. Well, it was near dusk when we got out to the hut, and of course we could do nothing that night, so we hobbled the horses, and went into the hut. We were just getting our suppers when we heard a faint cooee, and then another and another. Of course, we answered at once, for we were in hopes that it was Bill White coming up ; but the sound came no nearer, though the coöee was repeated every four or five minutes. We then thought that perhaps he had been hurt, and could not walk, so several of us went out to look for him, but we could see nothing of him, though the coöeeing still continued, and apparently quite close to us. In about an hour, it ceased suddenly, and we went back to the hut greatly puzzled, and very uneasy. In the morning at daylight we started, and the blacks very soon found poor Bill's track ; it was by them that I was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they traced all his wanderings, pointed out where he sat, and where he slept, and at last brought us to where his body lay ; and, strange to relate, he had died within less than a mile of his home, but it was on a different side to that on which he had been accustomed to take out the sheep. We buried him in an adjacent sandhill, where you may see his grave fenced in ; but since that time no one will live in that hut, for every evening from dusk till dark poor Bill White is heard coöeeing ; and plenty who never heard of the story, and have chanced to camp in the neighborhood, have heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, little thinking that it was the spirit of Bill White wandering about the Coöee Hut. " When the tale was ended, midnight had passed some time ; and as we had all to be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward river, there was a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and went off to their respective camps, while I, rolling myself up in my opossum rug, went off into dreamland, into a slum- ber such as those who live at home at ease can never hope to enjoy. ========== DROWNED WHILST CROSSING THE LEIGH. — A man named Peter Hamson, a boarder in the Pioneer Hotel, Durham Lead, was drowned on Monday morning, while crossing the River Leigh by means of a tree, at a distance of about a mile and a half from the hotel. He was working at the Durham Company's claim, but had been a sailor on board the Great Britain, which vessel he left on her last visit to Hobson's Bay. Hamson's body was immediately swept out of sight, and though all his mates were engaged in searching for it, they had been unsuc- cessful as late as three o'clock in the afternoon. — Ballaarat Star, August 25. BURNING OF AN ABORIGINAL THROUGH WEARING CRINOLINE. — We dare say that not a few have laughed occasionally at the droll figures presented by the black gins when, anxious to look smart, they promenade in the cast-off apparel of Europeans. They, in common with the whites, have a weakness for crinoline ; but when such has reached the leaders of ton in the aboriginal camp, it has generally lost all its shapeliness or beauty — whatever that may be — and looks like an inverted funnel. With the pleasure, however, they inherit the usual risks ; and on Thursday, the 13th instant, a poor girl, named Opossum, at Torryabboo, near Jerilderie, being thus in " gorgeous array, " met her death ; the poor thing lingered a few days after the accident, and died. The deceased will be missed, as she was a particularly good diver ; and, on a late occasion, when a man was drowned in the creek, she was the only black who would venture to attempt the reco- very of the body. — Pastoral Times. A METEOR. — A splendid meteor shot across the heavens last, evening, about nine o'clock. It was very large, and one gentleman, whilst passing near the Council Chambers in this town, had his shadow clearly shown on the wall of that building, giving him the idea for a moment that a large lamp had been suddenly elevated behind him. The ærolite was apparently about a quarter the size of the moon at full, and travelled very rapidly in a north-easterly direction. We anticipate that many others have seen the same phenomenon, although its appearance only lasted a few seconds. — O. and M. Advertiser, August 21. ANOTHER NATIVE.— Mr. Walton, the gold broker, purchased yesterday a Korong native, in the shape of a nugget weighing between 50 and 51 oz. The lucky owners declined divulging the exact position of their " hunting ground," but it is known to be pretty close to Korong. It is marvellous, with the instances of good fortune recorded week after week, so much likely ground should be left untried be- tween Inglewood and the " Old Mount." Korong was one of the land-marks of the first Victorian diggings, and ever since the first weary journey from Bendigo, in '52, its neighborhood has sup- plied precious metal pretty plentifully.— Inglewood Advertiser, August 22. _ Celebrating a Sabine Wedding at Talbot.— A '? disturbance of an unusual nature for Talbot J occurred on the flat on Saturday evening, and -i threatened at one time to lead to serious results. A '?- short time ago a storekeeper, residing on the flat, appropriated to his own use the wife of a neighbor, under circumstances more than ordinarily exciting -' to the public. Having returned with his lady-love to the store, a large number of boys— and, truth to ' say, men also — determined to give the pair a wel- i, come, in the orthodox style adopted at colonial mar- ' riages. Saturday evening- was selected for the '? serenade to come off, and, accordingly, nearly all f the old tin cans, bells, and triangles in the dis- ! trict were appropriated for the occasion, and the ') mob, to the number of about sixty, betook its way to the store about seven o'clock ' in the evening. Having arrived in front of , ? the store a most horrid din ensued, the boys thwack ing the tin cans with sticks, and ringing the bells / in commemoration of the Sabine wedding in the most enthusiastic manner possible. The male de linquent gave them the usual largess on such occa sions, but, obstinate and ungrateful like, they were not content. A little after ten o'clock the mob, which by this time had increased to something like ? 100 persons, marched to the Daisy Hill Hotel, and! ^procured therefrom a stuffed figure, emblematical of the gentleman they were serenading. As they were rushing towards the store with this figure, continuing the noise they had been making all the ' evening, Senior Constable Boyle and Constable ' ' Parkinson arrested the two who were carrying ; the figure, and took them and the figure to the Camp. On the road they were followed by the whole troop, some of whom seemed far from indisposed to attempt a rescue, but they were prevented from doing so by the determination assumed by the police, and still further by the ex press wish of their two prisoners. Thereupon a cry was raised to return to the store, and the whole assemblage, with the exception of the prisoners and the police, returned accordingly. In the meantime we may remark that a person, appa rently a digger, had been observed to enter the obnoxious store and purchase goods there. On his reappearing he was set upon by a number oi persons and severely maltreated, a proceeding which admits of no palliation. As the prisoners were being conveyed to the Camp two or three missiles were thrown at the police, one of which struck the prisoners, and the other Constable Boyle. Having arrived in front of the store, the assemblage set to work to demolish the windows in the private dwelling adjoining the store, in which feat, we may observe, they were remarkably success ful, not a square of glass being whole at the expira tion of five minutes. The fence in front of the garden was also demolished in — to use a favorite ex pression — the twinkling of a bedpost. At this stage of the proceedings the male delinquent stepped out side and discharged one barrel of his revolver over the heads of the crowd, but the only effect this had was to persuade the crowd to retire to a greater dis tance, and shell the stronghold from a position less exposed to the consequences of the revolver. About this time the building, became untenable, and the pair made their way quickly by a back doorway to the Treasury, into the enclosure of which they entered and called upon Mr Chapman, the treasurer, to pro tect them. Mr Chapman then appealed to the assemblage, to disperse, threatening if they did not do so to read the Riot Act, and the consequences might then be serious. After a good deal of ' chaff ing,' and at the request of several of the more .or derly persons in the crowd, which at this time num bered over 150 persons, the assemblage dispersed, *and the quiet of the neighborhood was soon after restored. Yesterday, in the Police Court, the two men arrested were brought before the bench, and, at their request to obtain professional advice, the further hearing of the case was adjourned till Thurs- u day next. Xne court was densely crowded during the short hearing of the little evidence taken, which. ? t we publish elsewhere. — Leader, August 25. . The Murray. — Our Echuca correspondent writes : — We now (Thursday) have a flood in rea lity. The Murray has risen eighteen inches during the past twenty-four hours, and the Campaspe is coming down a ' buster.' It is needless to dilate upon the many hardships which have been entailed upon the poor families located upon the banks of the river, or to state that the free selectors do not - find paradise to be comprised within the fence of a cabbage garden. The master-spirit of the time — the Murray — has set all legislation aside — and Jack Robertson's sophistry on the land question-to boot. It is not land we have now, but water ! Water as far as the eye can carry vision on both the New South Wales and Victorian sides of the river. Squatters, purchasers and free selectors are all amenable for once under the demon of the flood; and as all seem paralysed at the rapid rise, it would appear that Hopwood alone rides triumphant. The Campaspe bridge is nearly under water. There is about four feet of water in Mr Redman's cellar, and the flood is still rising. Altogether, it is deplorable to see the state in which some of those whose habitations were formerly considered to be safe are now placed in. The rivers are rising, and it is not unlikely that severe damage may occur again on the stations bordering tho Campaspe. — Pastoral Times, August 24. Flood in the Murray and Campaspe. — Our Echuca, correspondent sends us the following infor mation, dated Friday, the 21st of August: — The flood in the Campaspe this morning is higher than has been known at Echuca for seven years. On Tuesday night the water rose eighteen feet at Nine mile Point. Redman's Hotel is surrounded with water, which is almost right across the road in front s of it. A man this morning was employed with a boat to take people to the house. Tho Murray ig thirty feet above summer level, and rising. At nine a.m. the water is slowly subsiding. Several people located on the banks of both fivers have been driven from their domiciles. Mr Hopwood had to put guys on the Campaspe bridge. — Bendiga Advertiser, August 24. Narrow Escape. — There was a narrow escape from a disastrous boiler explosion, this week, at the works of the Independent Quartz Company, Black Hill. Tho corrosive water used had eaten com pletely through the tube of the boiler, and a slight explosion took placo, but no injury resulted. The fire was put out, and the company \s now engaged in fitting a now tube to the case, which is quite un injured. Crushing operations will be delayed about two weeks, and the expense of tho repairs will ba over £200.— Ballaarat Star, August 2(5. Some of the publicans of London put sawdust out side their doors and sprinkle it with rum to bait the. \roverer with its pvwgent tones | ^ . 