FINOÜXAB CHA:OE cr MUDDER-A« (be Liverpool polioa-oourt, a min nam ed Uiobard H iii Gan atty waa ohargei with having Piolen a shawl, end slaO with having shot a magistrate io. Ireland in 18-15 Bizi Haotile stated that sba oobabited with the prisoner, arni then went on to BB;-" He came home one night between ll .nd 13 o'clook, when we were living io William-street, Birkenhead, end said to me, "Hetty," says be, "I am very unhappy; aaa I trttBt B seoret with yon?" ".Yeti," siitj I, "yon may trust your life with me," "Well, then," said be, "I shot a man I" " Good God," asid I, " Diah, yea shot a man ;" and ha said, "Y*>s, it WUB O magistrate-bis name was Bell." W trusa h rs sait] " that Bell ba9 been ringing in roy ears over ii one. 1 bava been away irom tba prisoner twioa, but Bair* ghost so haunted me I was obliged to go buk ta him," Witness oominaed-The prisoner said ihe reason be shot lbs man waa, that a piece of land wea taken rt tva j from en old men by Ur, Bell. That he (prisoner) and others draw lota wbo Bbonld Bhoot Mr. Bell, and that tba lot fell tr bim. The deoeased wm shot r.ear Clones, and the nlatol used was afterwards buried io a hrdge. M.'. MrKtle, an Irish dtteotine cfflior stationed In L vcipoc i, produced a file of the Irish Hoe and Cry, in vrbiou an advertisement appeared curring a reward of £100, for tbe apiTabBBBlon of the murderer ol George Boll Booth, a magistrate, a" he waa returning frc m charol) on the Sih ot Joly, 184B. Hnckle said that she dreamed ibat the prisoner shot Boroo one, snd she ' carried Lim in her eye amil he divulged it." A general remind, was j granted. ' A HoBr^Müí'a LADS IK DISTREJIB.-The inonmben of St. Peal's, Walworth, (the Kev. Jonn Oolng), wrltio to B London contemporary, says:-" Yoor rete ere wil remember ihe sbooking death of a Fieoob noblftrjac the VieoDnte de Marti s, who shot himself in a roll »a; carriage, near Newark, Madame de Muries ia atproien rebiding in my parish in a state of oounp'e'.e destitution sod utterly prostrate in mind and body. As might bi espeated from ber husband's rook, she is quita a lady hat io be- present ett te of body and mir d is qa I le unsbli to do anything for her own support or that ot' her child abey of fourteen, who ÍB unable to speak a word of English Tho Visconte de Maries was formt rly attach, d to thc Court of tho Dake of Orleans, and was expelled from France by tb« presen' Government in 1648, ItMnrbinj by permission of the Emperor in 1800, be on'orlunalelj invested all hlB fortune, which waa considerable, in t commercial oompaoy whiob proved uoaaacsreful, psjlog only 10J. in tbe; ponnd to Ibose who bad confided'theil capital in it. He then oame to England in tbebops of find, log employment, and failing in thia after repeated eßors, be «hot binnelf in tbe awful way that j sur reaCor» remember. I etata there facti on the testimony of » member of my congregation whom I hava known for many 3ear«, with whom Madame de Maries is at present, staying, and who hes known her and ber husband on tba oonlinent for nearly - eight years. Sir, o noble lady in a strange land, brr Hirength ot body and mind nhn'iered through ber most painful bereavements, will sorely receive tbe aid of Christian Englishmen and Englishwomen. I shall bi boppy to rec ive their bounty, whloh «hall bs duly as knowledged in jonr columns, and Bboll nriply it In tho llrst loBianca In providing Madame de Marios viib tho ,'omforts r ooesBnry (rr lier rpntoretien to health j »nd in «bo next pisas I theil eniiravonr to renoue ber nod ber ti'tild frim lutnre want, e't'i. r by scuding brr brok lo Frnrc", or pul tir g ber in Hie way of earning lier own living in this country tisnuyaeem mest adviso'le." 