;, ? T>H E-A T'il I G A Ii S, &o.; ? " ^ , RÖVTAL VICTORIA. ' .' ; -I br» p'rineifiul dramatic feature of the past week lins been Iho jiruimcfion of tho roinarkoblo drama founded on mid culled niter th» lulu of "? Thu Will und tb« Way," ;>rigiii»lly published in the London Jwirual. Though .f-oiiemlly well »«tod throughout, tho palm uf merit niuM -ho accorded to .Mr Musgrave, whoso pi-roniiutiim ot" lim oldiservilor was really a very fine pieee nf ithanictoristir neting. , T)n> transition from the blull' und quaint man- ner of tho trusty old (¡room to the imbecility brought on by tho ruffianly attack ot' his cowardly iiseaihint, wits both natural und ullecrhig; und ne heartily congratulate the ntaiiagumunt on siiuh n decided Hcti uiftil iou ta thu Company as" this gentleman luis proved himself lo lie. Durford threw- it good deal of character into thé repul- sive part of Will Sidlor j and Howard, os Joe Beans, »as genuine and hearty. Warner threw weight and dignity into the " Khan," and tho ladies, with compara- tively little to do, did that little well. , Tito rest of the characters being all within the range of thu abilities "of tho company, presented no features for special notice. 'Che optical illusions wero introduced with considerable oirect. " Apropos de bottes," though tho Ghost has de- parted in the flesh (Mr I'ltt having left for Melbourne), it still remains in the «pírií, Mr Tolano having secured the power of raising it at will, mid accordingly it is doomed for u longer time to walk tho night, and was in- troduced with groat effect into Mr Bryan's adaptation of "Aurora I'loyd," in imitation of the french theatres, where a translation hos beon successfully made thu me- dium of those. extraordinary spiritual manifestations. A new and striking nuutiesl drama, and a local extra- vaganza are. both in courso of production among innumerable other novelties, shewing that Mr Tolano intends leaving no stone unturned to provide for tbs ahiusómontof ids patrons. The Electro Biological en-' tvrtaimnent of Professor Bushell continues to be received 'with unabated enthusiasm, bis popularity being if any- thing nit her on tho incroaso ; lie . has been .remarkably successful, "fooling" his victims, not only to tho top of their " bent," but in ninny esses sonio few degrees beyoml it. Tho complete niustury bo acquires over his subjects is truly marvellous, mid yet triumphantly demonstrative of thu genuineness of thu extraordinary faculty po»set,scd iby him. In consequence of his grcnt attractiveucss, a , re-engageinent (limited to sis days only, including au afternoon performance this day at 3 o'clock) has been e libel ed with him, and .wo would strongly urge all who aro interested in tho marvels of science, not to neglect tho last opportunity of witnessing thia truly astonishing perlörmnnco. ^V- .,.- . . -- Mn H. K. WAiuratu's BENKFIT.--Tho pleasure wo feel in calling publio uttonlion to this gentlciunn'a benefit on Friday next, is not uniniiiglcd wit li rugret Hint it immediately precedes lúa departure from among na, to fililli n long pending engagement in Victoria, During hii stay in this city ho hus won the good feeling of tho pluygoing community in goneral nnd"a large circle of friends in purtiuulur, botli for his publie talent ns well as Iiis pririite worth. Possessing drunintic qualifications of tho very highest order, lia has sustained tho arduous duties of ¡what is tcohnicnlly termed . tho leading bnsi¿ ness ol' tho thentro ovor since the commencement of Hr Xolttiio's management ; and whether assuming tho. re apon&ibilities; of tho higher walks of tho drama himself, or zealously seconding tho oH'orts of tho reigning star, he ha» won tho good opinion of all judges of artiatio ability. Ho will bo ii grout loss to tho company, though wo hope oro long to eco him' back ngaiu, so that while wo hid him " adieu" with all our heart, with all our heart we add '.'ail revoir." By his advertisement in another column it will bo soen Hint bo will present a most supe- rior entertainment for tho amusement of his patrons, .consisting, of tho really excellent Australian piny by JEdwárd Iteovcs, ICsq., of Raymund, Xord of-Milan, which waa BO enthusiastically received on its recent pro- duction, and holds a deservedly high rnnk as a literary work. -.Sheridan KnowlesV '.' chef d'oeuvre " -- of the Hunchback will conclude tho performances, tho bonrß onro appearing as " Master Wülfer"-a part in which he won golden opinions in tho sister colonies. Tho per- formances will ba further supplemented - by strong vocal auxiliary talent, iif whioh the fullest particulars will ba duly announced,. With auch a programme, in addition to Ibo inherent morita of tho occasion, wo cannot for n moment doubt that bia bill will bc Iionourcä by a largo aliare of publio patronage and support. 