MEDICAL SCIENCE, (Fron AU th* Ytar Bound ) ?-*' ANTIPHLOGISTIC ! Mai-dear-mad'm, that oDe . long fiagmint of ass's jaw has slain a million. Adapted to the weakness of human nature, which receives with mirinee ideas, however childish, that come draped in long-tailed and ex Mio words, that aasinine polysyllable has riconciled the . - modern mind to the chimeras of th' ancients, -andoutbutchered the guillotine, the musket, and -the sword : ay, and but for me H<d barred the <. cor Fi r cinturiea more, on the great coming sceinoe, the sceince of heal- ing diseases instead of defining and diviaing em, and lengthening their names and ? their duraBhin, and shortening nothing .but the pashint. 1h' antiphlogis. tte Therey is this : That disease is \- .fiery, and that any artificial exhaustion of vital force must cool the system, and reduce the .morbid fire, called, in their doDkey Latin, ' flamma,' and in their compound donkey Latin, .«inflammation,' and in their goose Greece, phlogosis,' ' phlegmon,' &c; And accordingly th' antiphlogistic practice is to cool the sick man by bleeding him, and, when blid, either to ? rebleed him with a change of instrument, bites «nd stabs instid of gashes, or else to rake the blid, and then blister the blid and raked, and then push mercury till the teeth cf the blid, rakeJ, and blistered Bim ko in their sockets, and to starve the blid, purged, salivated, blistered wre'ah from first to last. This is the Antiphlo .gistic system. It is selr'om carried out entire, i beoiuse the pa; hint at the first or second link in their riraedial chain expires ; or elsa gives «ach plain signs cf sinking that even these ass-ass-ins take fright, * and try t? undo their own work, not disease's, by tonios an' turtle, and stimulants; which \- things given at the right time instid of the wrong, given when the pashint was merely ?weakened by his disorder, and not enfeebled by ?their didly rimedies, would have cut th' ailment down in a few hours." "Dear me !" said Mrs. Dodd ; " and now, my good friend, with respect to my daughter-" "NV list mel" clashed \- vfiampson ;' "ye're goen lo fathom th' antiphlog \- is tics, sinoe they still survive an' slay in holes ^and corners like Barkton and dTtly ; I've driven ; 4he vamperes out o'the cintres o' civilisation. :' Begin with their coolers ! Exhaustion is not a cooler, it is a feverer, and they know it; the -way parrots know sentences. Why are we all ' -more or less feverish at night ? because we are ?weaker. Starvation is no cooler, it is an inflamer, and they know it, as parrots ~- know r truths, but can't apply them ; * for they know that burning fever rages in ivery town, street, camp, where famine ia. . As for bloodletting, their prime cooler, it is in ?flammatory; and they know it (parrot-wise), for *he thumping . heart and bounding pulse of pashints blid by butchers in black, and bullocks blid by butchers in blue, prove it ; and they have \- recorded this in all their books ; yet stabbed, ."? -and bit, and starved, and mercuried, and .-murdered on. Bat mind ye, all their shani coolers are real weakeners (I wonder they didn't ('inventory Satin and his brimstln lake among -their ref rijrators), and this is the point whence ."T**rappreoiate their imbecility, and the sairvice I .have rendered mankind in been the., first t' attack their banded school, at a time it seemed "r -impregnable.", " Ab, this promises to be very ; -interesting," sighed Mrs. Dodd; "and before . you enter on BO large a field, perhaps it would . rp9 aB well to dispose of a little «' '«natter which lies at my heart. Here is my poor i daughter--" *'Nlisatnee I A human Bean is _?n a constant state of nus and reflux ; his com . .ponent particles move, change, disappear, and .. are renewed ; his life is a round of exhaustion ¡ and repair. Of this repair, the brain is the -sovereign ajint by night and day; and the blood the great living material; and digestible food , . th' indispensiblo supply. And this balance of . -exhaustion and repair is too nice to tamper ... with ; disn't a single sleepless night, or dinner. lesa day, write some pallor on the face, and tell against the buddy ? So does a single excessive -perspiration, a trifling diary, or a. cut finger, though it takes but half an ounce of blood out of the system. And what is the canse of that rare evint-it ocours only to paBhints that can't afford docking-dith from old age ! Think ye 'the man really sucoumms ander years, or is mowed down by time? Nay, yon's just . potry an bosh. , Nashins have been thinned by the lancet, but 'niver by tbe scythe; and years ?aro not forces, but misures of evints. No, Cen- tenarias decays and . dies, bekase his bodil' ex- penditure goes on ; and his bodil' income lessens by failure of the reparative and reproductive -forces. And now suppose bodil' exhaustion and repair were a mere matter of pecuniary, instid of vital, economy; what wonld you say to the . ^steward, or housekeeper, who, to balance your acoounts, and keep you sol vint, should open \- every known channel of expinse with one hand, and with the other-stop the supplies? Yet .this is how the dockers for thirty cinturies have burned th' human candle at both ends, jet \- wondered tho light of life expired under their \- hands." " It seems irrational. Then in my .daughter's case you would-Looksee 1 A pashint falls sick. What haps directly ? Why \- the balance is troubled, and exhaustion exceeds .? .-repair. For proof, obsairve the buddy when ,0- disease is fresh 1 And yon will alwsys fiad a lops of flssb. To put it eoonomikly, and then you must un* -vderBtand it, been a housekeeper WOattver the diieasc,its form, or cssenae, Expioditurs goss on, and inoome leseenp. ; To this sick and therefore weak man, enter a -docker purblind with cinturies of cant, pricidint, blood, and gooso greece ; imagines him a fiery .pervalid, though the common sense of man- ifold, through its interpreter common language, /pronounces him, what he is and looks, an .air**' invalid," gashes him with a lancet, spills out . <the great liquid material of all repair by -the gillon, and fells this weak man, wounded' now, and pale, and fainting ?with dith stamped on his faoe, to the > eartb, like a bayoneted soldier or. a slaughtered -ox. If the weak man, wounded thus and weakened, survives, then tbe chartered Thugs . : who have drained him by the bunghole turn to cand drain him by the spigot; they rake him, ?and then blister him, and then calomel him ; .-and lest Nature should have the ghost of a ? chanco to counterbalance these frightful out- going!, they keep strong meat and drink out of his system emptied by their stabs, bites, purges, \--mercury, and blisters; damdijjits! And that, -Asia oxoipted, was profistional midicine from ^Hippocrates to Sampsin ; Antiphlogistic ls but a modern name for an ars- ass-inating routine -whiob has niver varied a hair since achoolastio -midicine, the silliest and didliest of all the hun> dred forms of quackeiy, first roso- nnlikesceinoe, ?art, religion, and all trite suns-in tho west ; to wound the sick, to weaken the weak, and .*ux:ilato the hurt; and--Thin Mankind," 'Ino voluble impugner of bis own profession deli- vered these two last words in thunder so Budden and effective as to strike Julia's work out cf her bands. But here, as in nature, a moment's pause followed the thunderclap ; so Mrs. Dodd, who had long been patiently wa'ching ber op- portunity, smothered a shriek, and edged in a word-" This ÍB irresistible ; you have confuted everybody, to their hearts' content; and now the question is, what course shall we substitute ?" Sha meant, " in the great case, which occupies mo." But Sampson attached a nobler, wider, sense to her query. " What course ? Why the gre it Ghronothairmal practice, based on the remittent and febrile character of all disease; above all, on Toa law ol Periodicity, a la« TYhenoe Midicine yet baa «ells of light to draw. By remittency, I mean th'ebb of disease; by periodicity, th' ebb and also the flow, the pa- roxysm,, and the remission. These remit and recur, and keep time like tbe tides, not in ague and remittent fever only, as the profission imagines to this day, but in all diseases from a scirrhus in the pylorus l'a toothache. And I discovered this, and the new paths to cure of all diseases it opens. Alene I did it, and what my reward ? hooted, insulted, belied, and ca'led a quack, by the banded Behool of professional assassins, who in their day booted Harvey and Jinner, authors too of great discoveries, but dis- coveries narrow in their consequences compared with mine. To appreciate Obronothairmalism, ye must begin at the beginning ; so just answer me-What is Mm?" At this huge inqniry whirring up all in a moment, like a cock phea- sant in a wood, Mrs. Dodd sank back in: her ehair despondent. Seeing: her hors de combat, Sampson turned to Julia and demanded, twice as load, " What is Man ?" Julia opened two violet eyes at him, and then looked at her mother for a hint how to proceed. " How can that ehild answer such a question?'' sighed Mrs. Dodd. "Let us re tura to the point." "I have never strayed an inch from it ; it's about young phy- sic." " Mo, excuse me, it is about a young lady. Universal medicine ! what have I to do [ with that?:' " Now this ia the way with them all," cried Sampson, furious ; "there lowed John Bull. The men and women of thiB benighted nashin have an ear lor anything, provided it matters nothing. Talk jology, con- ch ology, entomology, theology, meteoi ology, astronomy, deuteronomy, boiharonomy, or bosh ology, and one is listened to with riverence, because these are all far-off things in fogs ; but at a word about' the great, near, and useful art of healing, y'all stop up your eara ;. for why ?' your life and dailianbourly depend oh it. But ' no,' sis John Bull, the knowledge of our own budd es, and how to save our own bakin, beef I mean, day by day from disease. and chartered ass-ass-ins, all that may interest the thinkers in Saturn, but what the deevilis it I'us? talk t'us of the hiv'nly buddies, not of our own. Babble o' comets, an* meteors, an' ethereal nibulte (never mind the nibulas in our own skulls). Discourse f us of ' predestinashin, Spitzbairgen seaweed,' the last novel, the. siventh vile ; of chrischiniBing the Patagonians on . con- dition they . are not to -come here, and chrischiniae the . "Whitechapelians ; of. the letter to the Times from the tinker wrecked at Timbuctoó ; and the dear professor's'lecture on the probabeelity of snail shells in the back-yard of the moon 1 but don't ask us to know ourselves !-ijiita ! ?" The elo- quent '' speaker; depressed by the perversity bf Englishmen in giving their minds to every part of creation bat their bodies, suffered a momen- tary loss of energy ; then Mrs. Dodd,. who had long been watching lynx-like, glided in. " Let us compound. You are for curing all the world, beginning with nobody. My ambiiion is to cure my girl, and leave mankind in peace. Now if you will begin with my child, I will Bubmit to rectify the universe in its proper tara. Any lime will do to set the human race right ; you own it is in no hurry ;; but my child's case presaos ; so db pray cure her-for md." " Mai-dear mad'm ; cure her! How on airtb sm I todo that?" " At least tell me what her indisposition is." " Oh ! What, didn't. I tell you ? Well, there's nothing the matter with her." 