TOPICS OF THE DAY. We regret to have to announce the decease of Captain Lipson, R.N, one of the earliest colonists. Captain Lipson has been suffering from influenza for the last few days, and congestion of the lungs super- vened, causing his death on Sunday. His funeral will take place to-morrow. We would direct attention to the annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society, which takes place to-morrow evening. His Honor the Chief Justice presides, and various addresses will be delivered by ministers and other gentlemen. The anniversary services in connection with tb? very useful institution known as the Wealeyan MU sionary Society were commenced on Sunday, October 25, by suitable discourses being delivered by various ministers. To-night a public meeting is to be held. Mr. N. Blyth presides, and a great number of ministers take part in the meeting. The anniversary of the Rev. H. Cheetham'a Chapel, High-street, Kensington, was commemorated on Sunday, October 25, when three cervices took place, at which impressive sermons were preached. A tea and public meeting ate to be held this evening, when addresses will be delivered by various ministers and gentlemen. By the arrival of the Rsngatira we have reoeived oar files of intercolonial papers as follows:—Tic% toria, October 22; Sydney, October 17; -Tasmania, October 17 ; Auckland, October 6. We regret to hear that an accident befel Mr. Wil liam Wfayte, as he was driving in his baggy on tiw Bay-road last Saturday. The horse, from some causa not clearly ascertained, became frightened, and kicked and plunged most furiously, reducing the vehicle to s wreck, and throwing Mr. Whyte out upon the road. We are happy to add that with the exception of a few bruises he is not much injured. We puhtish in another column a full report of the very large meeting lately held at Fort Elliot with regard to the Victor Harbor tramway. A date-tree in bearing may be seen at Mr. ?T. Bullock's garden, Franklin-street. The plant was eet about 18 years ago, and this is the first evidence it has given of being productive. There are four large branches loaded with small berries about the size of a pea. Several people have been to see the tree, and Mr. Bullock will be happy to show it to any who may wish to look at it. The Supreme Court will sit in Banco this morning. The performances at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday night consisted of the drama of " Susan Hopley," an interlude called " Fifteen Minutes with the Ghosts" (in which a number of these " spirited" visitants were introduced), and the farce of " Th? Dead Shot" Thit evening "The Dream BpecW? will be produced, 