LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. DBJUDPÜL AOOIDKKTS.-Piorcod with the profoundest pangs of tho acutest anguish, wo incontinently pilings the probing point of our powerful pen into the, dark depths of our crystal reservoir of " Arnold'* Indelible Ink" to chronicle the occurrence of two dreadfully ludi^ arons acoidonts-one at Tumut-tho other at the Southern Gold Fields. At the former place, a gentle- man of high Hibernian degree, who has had considerable «xporionce at the " bar," accepted abribf in tho great case of Coivper v. Martin, recently tried at tho Tumut Political Circuit Court, where, notwithstanding tho .trcngth ond flavour of his " arguments," the Jury by an immense majority, returned a vordict for the defend- ant. Tho effect of this decision on the defeated advo- cate was most alarming, end but for tho unremitting attention bojtowed upon tho sufferer by Dr Martel), his frionds aro fully of opinion that it would haye been ."acaso" with tho unfortunate gentleman, who, weare glad to hear, has " taken the pledge" against tho politieal wines produced at Wivenhoe. The accident at the Southern Gold Fields was of a still more distressing nature, and happened to a most intelligent youth, named Froderick A. Cooper, an S.GiO. of tho S.G.F. The poor fellow was amusing himself the other dny by attempting to climb à political greasy poll for a now legislativo' hat' of the " dodgor" shape-when ho slipped and foll from an Alpine altitude, and by the fall sustained a really frightful compound series of fraotures of both '?? .' " Legs of the breeches the boy uBed wear." Fortunately, Dr Wilton happened to bo nt hand,, and at onde amputated the fractured "continuations" with a very sharp bowie knife, leaving his hapless victim no better clad, as to, his legs,' than a " brow John High-' lardman." , . . " His shir*, tail fluttering in the balmy breeze, "A sight wliipli, many people; seemed to ploaso. ? . . * '. IHfteen of his more, considerate friends, however, rushed to the rescue and carried him ' off to the nearest dis- pensary of Dr Bacchus, whore n> copious draught of the Concentrated Essence Of Juniper-was promptly' adminis- tered, ¿nd tho ill- starred youth, with a sorrowful heart, went forth in search of new fiolda for the' ventilation of his extraordinary, abilities. Those horrible calamities have, we regret to add, plunged the noble house of Wivenhoe into a - very maelstroom of misery and mel- ancholy, and causod no little' consternation amongst tho; political retainers of that'ancient family whose ."patronage" was evor bestowed in tho most "liberal" mannor upon famishing "flunkeys" and tlireadbare "toadies !" . . . THE WYNTABD SQUABS EonoATOBT.-As we' ontioi Sated from .the drat, that noble temporary "Bohemo" ol oloninl architecture, in the above fashionable locale and which, by on immense stretch of an india rubbei imagination, is called tho General Post Office; hoB turner out, now that summer weather has sot in, a porfoct sue arium, infinitely Boporior to that at tho Turkish Both, wherein simpletons sweat away the relios of thoir consti- tutions. Whoever was the "Christopher Wron" ol this model "shod," he must haro had a " mortal down" oh the unhappy postal officials, or he would novcr have designod for them the perspiring purgatory, ' in which they aro now doomed to expiate their " red tapa" pío cadilloos. With a roof of zinc, sun heated almost to redness, and all but touching their distracted heads, these unfortunate beings hare been condemned by a "paternal Government" to linger out a miserable ex- istence in a place of torture, ¿compared: with which the "Black.Hole" in Calcutta mdst lfave boen o veritableice hmue. Its situation too; adds to/its horrors, for buried as" the " Bhed" is iii the centre of a square of lofty build- ings, "amouthful oijr'eth air''? is o luxury'its wrctchod occupants hood never hope' to enjoy. Tho consequence is that gentlemen, who, a fow weeks since, entered this official boiling-down establishment'robust'and hearty, have become so attenuated that'thoy would'make excel- lent "ghosts" for the Victoria Theatre, and provo far more attractive- than. Professor Pepper's " groat optical illusions!" ."Others," bf more diminutive proportions hov« been so reduoed in. bulk"that'they literally Docomo " lost to Bight, though-still to memory 'dear." AH this is oxtromely shocking, but, we much fear, tho only remedy these colorió viotims have, is " to grin and bear" their torments with the fortitude of<martyrs, unless the present Ministor for. Works takes compassion on them, and mitigates their sufferings by improving, if pos- ' siblo, tho ventilation of a.hole whioh forms a fitting memorial of the taste and " olevernoss" 'of tho late j Hoad of " The Malakoff and Rodan Department !" .. THBJ POST OFPIOR.-Tho reflection that " the evil that men do lives after them-tho góod is oft interred with thoir bones"-induces us in self-defence, owing to the lamented decease of:oar own "spécial" trumpeter,' to depart from our usual plan of " doing good by stealth and blushing to And it fame" by publishing one instance of tho many benefits wo aro perpetually showering on our beloved fellow citizens, through our world-widely circulated, columns. Owing to the graphic, intelligent, and intelligible directions published in oun Bradshaw's Guide to the; New'Post Office, a gentleman, who had "urgent private affairs" to communicate with another gentleman in one of tho interior departments of the epistolary "summer house," actually found his office in tho short space of fifteen minutes, two and a half seconds from the time of entering, transacted his busi- ness without the least feeling of prostration or ex- haustion, in a remarkably short space of time, and thon startod on his return and found himself at tho " point rfe départ" in exaotly half an hour after loaving tho office. This improvement does away with the necessity sug- gested in our " vade-mecum for literary wayfarers" for " each traveller to prevido .himself with the moans of keeping his peckor up" in his wanderings through this modol Post Office board and lodging houso, and loads us fondly to hope that tho interior will Boon be as well known as tho moro settled districts of Goorgc-strcot, and then, our fumo ' will bo widely spread all over the " Globe" as the "Burke and Wills," of what was lately an interminable wilderness of wood and serub. In an- ticipation of this, .wo horchy invito the numorouB sculp- tors, with which thu city abounds, to Bend in tenders for the construction of a statue which wo intend to erect , for ourselves, on tho marble osplanade in front of our " Athonanim," ropreaonting ourselves os .* Atlas" sup- ! porting tlie'"Globe," surrounded by admiring Spectalort,\ Observer», and Examiners from every portion of " Tho j Empire." But ns wo aro not inclined to submit to the extortions of designing mon,, tho maximum price must bc £0000 Os. .Od., and we do not bind ourselves to accept' any of the tenders. . '. A' BOON ron ras COLONIES.-A philosopher of.the "British Social Science Association," signing himself "John Plummer," and who "does" tho "social affairs in England" for our "louding journal," being a aories of peculiar popers " written expressly for tho Sydney Morn- ing Herald," proposes in his last communication to con- fer eo great a boon upon tho colonies that wo cannot re- sist tho temptation of offering a passing .remark oh tho Sligo's benevolent scheme. "John," ofter passing some Bovcrp complaints on tho British Government in connec- tion with West Australian transportation, rocominonds 1 a strong opposition to that project in tho following in- spiring language :-"Tho Australians should act with rigour, and show that they aro not to bo played with in tho matter." This it, doubtloss, very scnsiblo advice, butas "John" docs not condescend to "show" us Aoio to " not with vigour," wo fearthe "Australians" will not be able to avail tlipmsolvcs of it. Having thus summar- ily disposed of tí¡*" great convict question," the philoso- pher turns to a more tender theme, und descants, ore rotundo, on tho subject of tho " Social Evil." If "John" bo correot, British morality is not in the ascondant, for ho draws a very gloomy pieturo of " poor unfortunates" and " fallen creatures," on whoso bohalf, ho suya, tho " Times ia actually proposing "tho continental system of licensing," a remedy which "John" considers worse than the disease. Ho, howovor, good man, ventilates a "crotohct" mid vory gravely, assures us that "if they could bo removed from this country to thoso colonies, whoro females nro scarce, much good might bo done." Thank you, "John," for tho proposed donation of ." damaged crinoline," but ns every day cxporienco hore* proves that tho article is anything but "scarce," and that " much good" doos not follow from what we already possoss, wo beg respectfully to protest agninat your phil anthropic proposal for tho " public good." Hero is a great treat in store for his brother philosophers, for " John,"'with no little Aolf-oomploooncy, romarks, "tho quostion is ono willoh ought not (jo be'lost sight of, sud I it is not improbable) that I may read a paper on tlx .abject at the next meeting of the Social Science Asao elation." To this arrangement we have not the alightus nbjnction \ but with all our gallantry, we uro compelled on behalf of tho colony, to decline thc honor of recotrhif tho young ladios iu whoso wulfiivo "John" appears to ino suoh a very tender interest. Wo uro bad enough, nm] need not tho kind assistance of "John," und tho Britisli association to mako us worse. Too Goo» TO na Tima-.& moat important rumour has been in circulation amongst tho political cpsinbp'oli tans 'of tho niobe, during' tho week, to the effect that when tho House meets on,Tuesday uext, the '.' old.and young-stagers" bf Wivoííhoe, John' of Scone, Billy Paterson, ond "saving" Eluw will perform the most graceful not of their political lives, by politely handing to tho Speaker their resignations of the seats they now so worthily occupy. The reasons assigned for their having arrived at so sensiblo and praiseworthy a resolution, aro that as there is " now" nothing "hanging" tothosoonce prized seats of ease, they aro of course of no valuo even to their interesting owners who are so thoroughly dis- gusted at tho " base ingratitude" recently displayed at the Tumut and olséwhero by the impudent electors who dared to think and act for themselves, that the only course open to them, is to retire with " patriot's" dignity upon their " pensions." We do not attaoh any great weight to this rumour, which is, we fear morely a weak invention of the enemy. Should it, however, turn out to be oorroot, and they do resign,' there is no doubt that the great majorit y of the people will hail the event with un- bounded joy, as ono of the very wisest of atepi in tho right direction. TültBiBLB TBAGUDV-.-Tho following extraordinary .tor/ is uaw going the round of tile journals :-A mason, living in the Hue Forba, in Naples, was awakened ono' night by a knocking at his door. On opening it ho saw two strangers, who asked him to go with'thom to exe- cute a piece of work of great urgoncy. The man at' first hesitated, but being persuaded by tho offer of a hand- some reward, at length consonted. Ile was then blind- folded, and haring boen led to a carriage! tho I vehicle drove off, After haring been driven for some time, the -carriage at length stopped. Tho man was led up several, 'flights of-stairs,'.and the bandage' then taken from his eyes. He was then ordcrod to make, in the wall of tlio allamber in whioh he found himself, a' hole sufficiently long and wida to' contain a coffin. The mason at first refused, but, being monoood with death, be performed the . work required. When ho hod finished, an empty coffin was brought from another room, and at the same time, a young woman, handsomely dressed, was dragged in, struggling violently. She was then forced into the coffin, tue lid screwed down, and the coffin placed in tho recess, whioh the' mason, still under moñacos of death, was compellod to closo up, so that nothing more could be seen. That done, he was again blindfolded and taken in the same carriage to the sea beach, whero tho two strangers, having removed the bandage from his oyes, gave him ton1 piastres, told him to go his .way, adding that ! they i did not impose even soe'reoy'on'him. : Tho mason immediately gave notice to tho,police bf the ; inci- j dent,.but could afford no information as to tho locality. -Home'hews, Soptembor 26". '" MA STKIKING LIKBNTBSS.-There is now exhibiting in ? Sydney a picturo of Adam and Evo, lifo size, as they aro supposed to have appeared^m the Garden of Eden.' Tho painting is tho production of a colonial.artist, and connoisseurs who have inspected it speak of it in high terms as a work of art possessing great , merits, and all bf them are perfoetly astonished at tho striking likeness our venerable ancestor bears to the hon. gentleman who guards the interests of Eden in our parliamentary, para- dise.'' Wo shall take an early opportunity of visiting the exhibition and passing the judgment of a Daniel on the portrait. -.WooMXJÓwtooLOO- BAY.--This abominable* head quar- ter of stagnation and corruption still continues to be o crying evil, and unless Dr Graham's very sonaiblo sug- gestions for its extinction aro as speedily curried out as ho urges, wo hove every prospeot of an invincible pestil- ence hanging liko o shroud over our devoted city during, tho approaching Bummer. We do not know to what extent this, slough of despond, contributes to our weekly bills' of mortality, but judging by the odour which assails our nostrils ot carly morning from its fetid exhalations, we should imagino it cnn bo no inconsiderable "per centage." Quamdiu chacina ab ut ere patientiâ nostrâ .'. 