THE TARIFF CONFERENCE. To the Editor of the Herald. Sir-My object in troubling you again so soon is to correct a typographical error in my last letter. In naming the states which comprise the " Zollverein " and " Stenerverein" of Germany, the word Russia is printed instead of Russia in two places. I did not intend to return to the subject of my last communication so early, but some of my friends have urged me to follow up the suggestion offered in the concluding paragraph of my letter of Monday, recommending some federal action on the part of the four Australian colonies in reference to the collection and distribution of Customs' duties. I am told that our own Premier is favourable to some arrangement of this kind, and that in all probability the South Australian and Queensland Government! would join him in bringing it about. But it is stated that the Ministers of Victoria are decidedly opposed to it and without their concurrence it cannot of course be carried out. The public will be glad to learn that the acknowledged, and I might say distinguished abilities of Mr. Cowper as a negotiator will be supported and sustained by the equally distinguished commercial abilities of his new Treasurer, Mr. Smart, who of course will accompany the Premier to the conference. I do not wish to say any thing of either of these gentlemen, which might be considered as mere compliment. Their public reputation is too well established to require anything of the sort at my hands ; but it is right to remind them that, in proportion to the estimation in which Mr. Cowper is held for diplomatic skill, and Mr. Smart for commercial and financial abilities, so will the public expect corresponding results from their labours at the proposed conference. If then they desire to sustain the well earned reputation they have hitherto enjoyed, they will meet the other delegates with a firm resolve not to enter into any business at the conference unless a proposal for bringing about a Customs' Union between, the four Australian colonies shall be recognised as a part of the programme of its proceedings. It is useless to waste time in trying to settle the points on which the colonies are at issue on any other principle. To endeavour to do so by any system of compromise will only engender jealousies and irritation, and give rise to fresh difficulties and disputes. Many plans have been suggested, but when thoroughly sifted they are, to my mind, quite impracticable. Some say let us adopt the " permit" system ; but any one acquainted with the working of that system knows that to adopt it in the present day would not be reform or improvement. It would simply be to take a somersault backwards over a space of more than half a century of enlightened advancement into the fiscal darkness of the past. It would-be raising, not the mere ghost, but the veritable reality of the most detestable branch of the Excise system of Scotland. Heaven knows we have lately had enough of rapacity and murder in the country districts, and our traders have been suffering from heavy stocks and commercial dulness in our cities and towns. It would surely be a strange panacea for these evils to inaugu- rate a policy which must end in embarrassing trade and demoralising the people-a policy that recognises the principle of treating every trader and carrier in the country as a vogue, unless he can prove himself an honest man, and is to be done by the production of a piece of, vellum impressed with red letters, genuine or spurious, as the case might be. Surely a mitiga- tion of the evils of inefficient policemen, now so much complained of, is not to be found in a system which would let loose on the country a swarm of ill-paid revenue officers to stop every team and search every store along our frontiers, supposed to contain dutiable goods. Such astBff of officers would be necessary if either the "person." or the "drawback" system of settling our fiBCBl difficulties be resorted to I know of no benefit likely to arise from the adoption of either system except one-and in the present posture of political affairs it might be important to secure it I mean the splendid field that would be opened up for the promotion of needy legislators, -who might prove their fitness for a berth by a blind and subservient support, or a factitious and unreasonable opposition the Ministry of the day, whether Liberal or Conservative I am not one of those who think that the present Government are acting differently in the distribution of patronage to what their successors will do when their turn com co But the truth is that, with the exception of a Tariff Union, ' every scheme that I have heard proposed is, in my opinion, equally impracticable with the notable project of Mr Gideon Lane and his coad store for the formation of a " free trade colony along the banks of the Murray and Darling As the district proposed to be erected into the new " mvEiuNE colony ' is the seat of all our fiscal difficulties and disputes on the South western frontier, it may be as well to glance at the mode in which the project is to be carried out, Judging from their conversation and their published letters and speeches Messrs Lang and Co seem to find some difficulty in forming ancwcolony than in sell- ing or buying a mob of cattle They appear to be as expert in, erecting a young State by tongue and pen, as the Great Napoleon was is upsetting old dynasties with fare and sword But it is less difficult to destroy than to construct, and far easier to talk of establishing a colony than to do it. I fear, therefore, that Mr Ling and his friends will find a hard task to manufacture a new colony out of the old material on the plan proposed According to their theories, manhood suffrage is to be ignored, and "free trade" is to be established in its integrity, in the " riverine territories ' Now, all these ideas are very good until they come to be put into practical operation n Mr Gideon Lang is a cleverer fellow than I take him to be, if he can persuade the Shepherds and stockmen of the district to yield up their political rights for his promise of giving them cheap rum and tobacco Without an inch of seaboard belonging to the new colony, and surrounded as it is by the four colonies of Victoria, South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland, it will puzzle the ingenuity of Mr Lang to find out means of getting the said rum and tobacco into the sanctified spot Revenue officers will not be suffered either to live or die Of one thing, however, I can assure Mr Lang, that our new Finance Minister (Mr. Smart is not the man to allow the new Eldorado to land dutiable goods at our ports and carry them across our territory without exacting the leg a toll m pasting. The new colony would, therefore, be in the unpleasant dilemma of having to pay the duties without receiving the revenue For the present this difficulty appears to retard the progress of the separationists, and to have put an end to newspaper correspondence and speechifying It is a pity that so promising a project should so suddenly come to grief It is only justice to the parties concerned to admit that, in a theoretical point of view, the idea was a magnficent one as a commercial speculation To have the privilege of dealing in duty free goods, and supplying them at dutypaidpriccs to the conterminous colonies, would certainly be a nice sort of thing for the new Government to begin with No doubt for the idea of keeping all the trade and profit to themselves we are indebted to Mr Gideon Lang, who must have picked it upon his recent con- tinental tour, probably from reading the life of that worthy man, William the I, the merchant King of the Netherlands, who inaugurated that gigantic monopoly the "Handel Maatschappy," or trading society of Holland But it is evident that Mr Lang is not equal to the good Dutch king in concocting a commercial speculation For while the great monarch succeeded in establishing the most extensive and profitable monopoly in the world, his humble imitator has only succeeded in turning the table upon himself, and showing how utterly he has failed in his political arithmetic So far we are safe for the present from the threatened teaming from us of a valuable portion of our colony by the efforts of Mr Lang and his disciples, and having a gross monopoly and a political job established at our very doors I am, Sir, yours, CUSTOMS' UNION. 