THE ENERGY OF DESPAIR. (from the RENDIOO ADVERTISER, JULY 21.) With every disposition to treat a fallen enomy with forbearance, and boing by 110 moans oblivious of the former glories of our contemporary, the Mel bourno Herald — and it still exists — wo aro yet placed in a painful position as regards that jonrnal. Wo care not how rabid are tho views enunciated by a nowspaper, how vicious, how laudatory it may be, provided always that it has an entity of its own. Nay, wo would ovon go further ; condone savago attacks, and praise vorgiug on tho idolatrous, wero thero but tho smallest guarantee that tho writer was in earnest. Evon flunkoyism, provided it bo confined 10 eutogy 01 wnac i'lato terms ' tno beloved object, s not utterly to bo condomnod. Wo strovo hard to believe that tho towering intellect of tho lato At tornoy-General, and tho multifarious talents of his coadjutors had so clectro-biologised tho Herald, that in his sight they could do 110 wrong. And tho faitlx camo with tho desire to believo. But at this point our patience and our crcdulity gave out. Granting that tho late Ministry woro all that is good, woro one eutiro and perfect chrysolite, a mar vel to presont, and a beacon to futuro Australians, it does not exactly follow that their successors are tho antipodes of all this. Is thero no virtuo, and not any praiso in tho M'Culloch Cabinet? Are they utterly base, and unworthy of a trial 1 Havo they committed such crimes against high heaven that they should bo coudemnod unheard, andhustlod off' into tho limbo which awaits tho altogether wicked und unquiet spirits ? Had tho Herald con tented itself with asldng some such questions as theso — and thoy aro sufficiently extravagant — and with arguing from such premises, pity would havo beon tlie prevailing sentiment for a fallen brother's infatuation. Now it is unmitigated contempt. The meanest devices have been resorted to, the most propostorous inventions, with just enough sem blance of probability to givo tlicm a degreo of weight, havo boon manufactured for tho purpose of injuring tho now Cabinet. It was fair enough to put up candidates for all tho constituencies in op position to tho Ministers standing for ro-eloction. Thoro -was littlo harm dono in calling the Bpirits from the vasty doop, and still less whon tlio afore said spirits politoly declined to obey tho summons. Nor was any particular impropriety committed — although a stago manager would liavo uncondi tionally condemned anything half so inartistic — in tho Herald, aftor a porfcctly frantic attempt at ghost- raising, turning round and telling tho audience (9000 daily 011 our honor! thero was no necessity just at present for tho ' appearances' they had actually assembled to soo. All this and more wo coidd have borne with equanimity, knowing to what straits journalism is at odd times driven for a sub ject. But when small, very small personalities aro introduced to bolster up a bad causo, and tho vilest inuendoes are resorted to in furtherance of tho same object, when ovon tho persons appointed to perform cortain necessary work, as eloctoral registrars, aro villipondod and traduced — whon still baser writing is stooped to, then wo find generosity to ho utterly misplaced, and hold it a duty to denounce tho re creant broadsheet. It was simply stupid of tho Herald to say of tho action of Messrs Hoalcs, Sul livan, and Grant, over tlio Eloctoral Act, that ' no thing could havo been more base or moro troacherons,' tho Herald knowing porfcctly woll that no option was loft them in the matter, and knowing moreover that, had thoy not ' swallowed the bill,' their flank would have beon turnod imme diately on tho re-assembling of tlio House. This is tho bitter pill which tho ex-whippor-iu has had so much difficulty in swallowing. Henco all tho black bile. But tho Herald grows quarrelsome, and must needs throw dirt — such dirty dirt — that Dr Evans would lift his learned nose moro than ovor in tho air, and assovorato with gerontocratic ponderosity that it originated from none of his Gamaliolic indoctrination. Wo shall not follow our contemporary through his mud casting. Wo shall neither defoud tho ' talkative and turbulent snip,' registrar for a portion of Mel bourne, nor tho ' individual Seinplo' who, tho Herald moro than hints, had substantial reasons for retiring from a lato election for North Gren villo, deeming that both aro quito capablo of taking caro both of thomselves and of their roputations. Still, wo cannot refrain from asking ono question. Suppose Mr Naglo had boon in Mr Jones' place, aud Mr O'Connor in that of Mr Somple, would second childhood havo mowod and mumbled with such impotont acerbity ? Tho up-country electors, although their memories aro easy enough on theso scores, goodness knows, havo not forgotten tho extraordinary issuo of an ex traordinary supplement to Bell's Life, pub lished once upon a timo, and on a Wednesday. Tho object- of that issuo was tolerably palpable at the time, but we fear that for full particulars it will be necessary to refer to tho maternal parent. Will the Herald bo good enough to favor tho public by thoroughly elucidating this half lost secret of history, or will it bo necessary to rofer to tho author of tho altogether lost Becrcts ? But enough of tho rogistrars, who by all accounts are more than likely to throw up their appointments, from tho slieor povorty of tlio land. It boots as little to abuse as to defend thom. Tho Herald has yot another chargo to mako against tho Government. Mr M'Culloch and his colleagues are accused of trying all in their power to restrict the Electoral Act so as to givo a deathblow to universal suffrage. Tho allegation is too ridiculous to bo gravely rflfnfnd. Wn r*nn nnlv ivnmlftr nf. tlin stminmlnllH folly of a nowspapor showing tho very cards tho ex Ministry would havo played had the opportunity been aflbrdod thom. Now we know how tho peoplo of tho colony would havo beon cheated of thoir right to voto, and we also know upon which horso to placo tho saddle. A much moro difficult task than the prompt arrangement of tho now, stiff, and compli cated machinery of tho Electoral Act could scarcly have been imposed upon a Government taking the reins of offico at almost a moment's notice. Their position is as embarrassing as even Mr O'Shanassy could wish it to bo, and it is to be hoped that they will have a happy issuo out of this and all other afflictions. Meantime, the country rests satisfied in having honest rulers, if it bo only for tho novelty of tho thing. The Pope is once moro reported ill with erysipelas in his legs. An Irishman, who, two years ago, was employed in a lard and tallow factory, wont into a Philadel phia jewellery storo tho other day, and purchased a sot of diamonds 'wid the rale sparrildo,' giving a check therefore for 7800 dollars. Patrick had fol lowed the army, gathering the soap grease, and dis counting officers' bills ; and tho jeweller learned, on presenting his cheque at tlie bank, that his namo was good for four times tho amount. — New Yorh Tribune. Discovery of Gold at New Caledonia. — Wo are in receipt of tho Moniteur of Now Caledonia up to tho 28th ult. Tho most important intelligence is tho news that gold has been discovered by M. Lozcron, at Houehiahommo — a valloy about two miles from tho church at Puebo, ono of the harbors of Now Caledonia, not far distant from tho Port do France, the principal settlement on that island. T1^ discovery was announced on tho 28thio(I1{j'ij£)-[0-|^.- i-rtr?SMo 'prospecting party loft the Port do France on tho 1st of March last, and have since that timo been busily occupied in that search for tho pre cious metal which has just proved successful. Thoro can bo no doubt as to tho truth of the discovery, but whether in New Caledonia gold will ever bo found in quantities sufficient to entitle that island to bo looked upon as being, in a commercial point of view, a gold-producing conntry — a place wlioro the yield will pay the miner for his labor — yet re mains to bo ascertained. — 8. M. Herald, July 16. A Steamer Lighted with Gas. — Tho beautiful iron steam-yacht, Fairy Queen, arrived in Bowness Bay, Windermere, 011 Tuesday evening, brilliantly lit up v.iUi gas. This yacht, which was built for Captain Ridchalgh, by MrT. B. Seath, of Glasgow, in 18G0, has, during tho threo years she v ' '' on tho lake, undergone several improvements and ingenious contrivances by her owner. T'lie last im provement is lighting the yacht with gas. Wo be lieve this is the first vessel that has ovor manu factured her own gas on board. Tho gas can bo kept burning for any length of timo. Tho light, which is clear and white, is pro duced by passing a curront of air through a small box containing a chemical compound. Tho cost is about the samo or rather cheaper than tho ordinary gas. The current of air is produced by a new patent hydraulic blower turned by clockwork and a weight. The cost of tho apparatus for build ings would be from £15 and upwards, it is exceed ingly simple, and takes up very little room, tho wlio'lo being contained in a space about two feet square. Tho novelty of gas lighting in Bowness Bay drew together a great number of peoplo to | witness it, many of whom tho captain very kindly took on board and showed them the wholo of tho J improvements. — Glasgow Daily Mail, May 5. 