THE IfAGGLETON'S AT BRIGHTON [From Punch.] [The Scene represents an Appartment in the Hotel at Brighton. Mr. Naggleton has put on his Hat and Gloves, placed the Times under his left arm, and his cigar in his mouth, and he now takes his stick, and is about to go out. Mrs. Naggleton, who is reading the Supplement, has carefully watched all Ins preparations, but has abstained from speaking until he is quite ready to go.] «'«? ?« «ggic/iA/u \iu oil lujr Lisuej.-— 1 nou.ii a uuc^ur, Henry. Mr. N. — Very weU, my dear, Til give it you when I come in. Mrs. N. — I want it now, if you please. Mr. IT. — O, bother, won't it do an hour henoe ? Mrs. N. — For the third time, Mr. Naggleton, your wife has to urilimf. nuinm frnm vnn. Tf inn ?nriah hoi- to request it upon her knees, you had better state that such is your wish. Mr. N. (throwing down' cigar, stick, and Times, and tearing off his gloves). How can you use suoh idiotic language? Why couldn't you have men tioned it before one had one's band on the door ? Mrs. N. — I am too well aware of what would have followed any allusion to the subject during your breakfast, Mr. Naggleton. X should have been in sulted for not letting a man have time to swallow his coffee before dunning him for money. Mr. N. (slightly conscience- striken).— Where is that wretched inkstand ? You are always shoring it out of the way. Mrs. N.— I will fetch it from the bedroom. I do not regard a sixpenny inkstand as an ornament to a sittine-room. I will fetch it. Mr. N'. (venomously) — Eeadily enough, I make no doubt, now. Yesterday, when I wanted to write a note, you had not the slightest idea where the thing could be, and referred me to the waiter who seemed on snch good terms with me. Mrs. N. (piously) — That a person calling himself a man should bottle up such trifles to reproduce them for the purpose of malice ! Mr. N. — Never mind what I bottle, my dear j get the ink-bottle. [Laughs. Mrs. N. (sadly)— Oh, dear ! I know not which is worst — such seriousness or such joking. [Exit. Mr. N. (which shows wives that it is unwise to leave a man to his own reflection when money is wasted) — By the way, what the deuce does she want with another cheque to-day ? It's only Thursday. I pay the hotel hills. I don't quite see it in that light. Anv how. we'll hear. Re-enter Mrs. Naggleton, with the ink. Mrs. N. — There is the inkstand, Henry. Mr. IT. — I say, my dear, I move that this House do go into Committee of Supply. Mrs. N. (not having yet got her cheque) — Just what I want, Henry. There is paper. Mr. N. — No, no, Tve got. my cheque-book. Mrs. N. (in spite of herself) — You have I You had no . packet by this morning's post, and last night you had left your book safely looked up in town. But I never profess' to understand the mysteries of commercial matters. I have no doubt it is all right. Draw for twenty pounds, if you please. Mr. N. (evading the charge of notion) — This is Thursday, Maria. Mrs. N. — I am perfectly aware of it, Henry, and I deeply regret that your keeping me oompany here snouia uepnre you 01 cne nappmess 01 attenoing at the ' Flips.' Had you not better go up by the 3.30 train ? — you will be in time to applaud Mr. Wynd ham Wareham's first joke. Mr. TS. {powrobur et ees triplex). — This is Thurs day, Maria, and you had a cheque on Saturday. Why do you want another so soon P Mrs. N. (briefly). — Because the last is spent. Mr. N. — Unless you have any very special reason for wishing it, I should prefer not drawing until Saturday. Mrs. N'. — Aa you please. (Resumes seat and Sup plement.) That it should come to this! [Hand kerchief demonstration.] Mr.- N.— Gome to nonsense, Maria. Can't a hus band ask a plain question without a wife's turning on the water-works ? Mrs. N.. does not speak, but the. paper quivers with her shuddering remonstrance against his un feeling vulgarity. Mr. N. — Now, don't be childish, there's a good creature. Mrs. N. (sorrowfully) — Creature, indeed ! [Heavy sigh. Mr. N. — -I rather suppose myself to compliment you by talking to you in a business-like way — letting you into my little confidences ; but one never knows how to . deal with, a woman. There is the cheque, however, Maria. They'll cash it for you down stairs. Mrs. m.—No, no. Take it back, and let us pay our bill and return to London by the ' third-class train. Eing for the bill, if you please. Mr. IT.— Now what's up ? Mrs.- N.— 0, Henry,, this is your mean way of acquainting me with your .embarrassments, perhaps ruin. What is to become ot the poor ohildren? Pray, ring for the bill. Mr. N.— And a strait-waistcoat to follow. What are you talking of P Mrs. N.— If your affairs are in such a state that it signifies whether you draw for such a trumpery sum forty-eight hours sooner, or later, we caa have no busi ness in a house like this. Fray let us go to London, and see what is to be done. Mr. N. (white with rage)— Mrs. Naggleton, I do not quite like to say what I: think .you are, but certainly you are not a blessed wise person. What on earth have I said to justify such nonsense? I usually prefer to draw on Saturday because a- good deal 01 money is. paid in to my account oh Fridays) (observes Mrs. N: making a mental memorandum of the statement), that is, on Bome Fridays — and so — Mrs. N.— O, don't take pains to mystify me, Henry. I told you I knew nothing of commercial matters, not even how a book could get out of a locked drawer and come to Brighton without hands. T Atiitr cn/\1ra 'Tnn ttiaonlra nC tit a nliiislsaait at* nrlinm vnti never* think. Mr. N .— 'No, of course nob, except from ten to six every day of my life, when I am working my hardest for them and their mother. Mrs. N. (humbly).— I am sorry we are such bur dens to you. Mr. N. (exasperated). Who the D, yes, a large D, Mrs. Naggleton, for the case deserves it — who ever said you were burdens ? You have no right to charge me with want of heart. Mrs. N. — If I seem to have done so, dear, I have expressed myself unfortunately. You have heart enough, it is your poor head that is too often in fault. Mr. N. (A.t least twenty times more enraged with this imputation). — I — I — am very much obliged to you, Maria ; but your opinion of my intellect is, eZRUHR me. tint, an vnlnaKIa na it mifrhfc be if VOUr Own were of a higher order. (Snorts.) Mrs. N.— Becrimination, Henry, is ever the resort of irritability, hut it is no argument. Mr. N.-^ Argument, indeed ! No, I do not know that I am called to argue with my own wife as to whether I am. a fool or not. . ' . Mra. N. (smiling)— No, dear, it is not necessary. ; Mr. N. — And, although your opinion on. the subject is valueless, it may be well .for you to know that it is certainty not that of my friends. Mrs. N. — I- learned some lines when I was a little girl — I partly forget them— ? Mr. N- (also forgetting his manners)— Not mar* vellous, my dear, considering the time that has elapsed. - - V ??; ; ,- ; ! Mrs. N. (not swerving from the charge)— They were something like this — : ' No listening senate heeded what he spoke, But the club hailed him master of the joke.' To. be euro you are not master of. the joke where Mr. WyndUam Wareham is, but I dare. say your friends (as you say) at the 'Flips' would give you a character for a .sort of smartness. I alluded, how ever, to -real intellect ; ' and perhaps as you do' not quite understand me, we had better change the con versation. What a funny noise that man with bull's eyes makes. Mr. N.— Maria, you of all women in the world Mrs. N.—My'dear Henry, I have no affectation, bnt you are always using the .word woman ; it is. not quite the thing ; and, although it is natural that you should, from yonrjantecB.dents— - . Mr. IS'.— Hang my antecedents, madam, look at your own relatives— Mr?,Nv—To*e9tUfttyou hav# itadied, grammar. if only forihe sakeof (buffoonery, is so gratifying, that I abstain from further remark. Mr. N.— I was going to say, Mrs. Naggleton, that you*pf all — ladies — in the world are best entitled to deem me unwise, but that you also of all— O, ladies bought to feel bound not to use your privilege. Mrs. N.— Which means, I presume, that, haying honored me with your aniance,.I am never to express my .sense of some of its disadvantages. : Mr.- N.— I know of none. Mrs. N.— Ah! Mf« ^T~^at I know that many women envy you. Mm. N.— Envy is always a proof of weakness of mind; and, in this instance, most particularly so, my love. - Mr.^Ni— I tell you one thing, Mrs. Naggleton. In the old fames my holidays were periods of unmixed enjoyments, now they are oceassions of incessant wrangle. ; Mrs. N.— If the first Mrs. Naggleton had neither sense to perceive your deficiencies, nor spirit to point them out, Henry, it is not my fault that I am suc cessor .to one who seems to have been but a few removes from an idiot. Mr. N. — I wish there were more suoh idiots in the world. Mrs. N. (points to the beach) — I dare say you will .find plenty down there— at least, this is about the tune the nurserymaids and that sort come out. Have you spoken to your friend the waiter about dinner love ? Mr. N.— I think I shall go up to town. Mrs. N. (smiling) — As I was quite sure that you would not dare to be absent on a nisht when Wvnd ham Wareham is in the chair, I arranged to take an early dinner, and go round to Sarah Baltimore's. Mr. N.— You might have asked me first. Mrs. N. — I might, certainly, but it didn't occur to me to do so. Stitt, I can send Sarah a note, if you find, by and by, that you have courage to stay at Brighton with your «ife, in spite of your friends and their sarcasms. Please yourself. Mr. N. — It being matter of perfect indifference to you? Mrs. N.— My feelings being matter of perfect indifference to you, I seldom trouble you with them. Mr. N. — Such is life ? And what Li marriage ? Mrs. N.— WeU, if you ask me, I should say it was — wedlock. Go and take your walk, and see if you can bring in a better definition, and anyhow, bring in some better prawns than those you bought yester day.. Mr. N. (going out angrily).— Cuas Prawns. IjTCONTBOVEBiratE Facts. — In the following only one vowel is used, and a very peculiar verse we have in consequence. We do not know who took the trouble to write the lines, but they are curious now they are done : — No monk too good to rob, or cog, or plot. No fool so gross to bolt Scotch collops hot. Prom Donjon tops no Oronooko rolls. Logwood, not lotos, floods Oporto's bowla. IVoopg of old tosspoto oft to sot consort. Box-tops our schoolboys, too, do flog for sport. No cool monsoons blow soft on Oxford dons. Orthodox, jog-trot! book-worm Solomons. Bold Ostrogoths of ghosts no horror show. On London shop- fronts no hop-blossoms grow To crocks of gold no dodo looks for food. On soft cloth footstools no old fox doth brood. Long storm-tost sloops forlorn work on to port. Rooks do not roost on spoons, nor woodcock snort, Nor dog on snowdrop or on coltsfoot rolls. Nor common frog concocts long protocols. A Cceious Decision.— The recent judgment of the Lord Chief Baron in the ' great bun case' will scarcely fail to attain humorous celebrity. It was all about a little boy who pocketed a bun at a school feast to take home to a sick brother, and was in con sequence expelled from school; whereupon his parents brought an action against the schoolmaster for the damage done to the boy's character. His Lordship rightly held the alleged offence to have been venial — nay, under the circumstances, more de serving of praise than blame — and then entered into a learned disquisition upon robbing orchards and finding bon-bons hi your hat after dining with a City company. Is there not one generous Guild who even insist upon putting ten-pound notes under the plates of then- guests P The learned Judge, however, wisely deprecated such a mean and shabby aotion as purloining a fowl at a publio dinner. There is a story told of a person who once absolutely committed, this petty act of pilfering, whereupon his next neigbor, who had been watching him, deliberately poured the contents of the nearest sauce-boat over his dress shirt, saying, « Perhaps, as you have taken the fowl, yoifd like the melted butter too.' Dbeadful Sutfebdtgs at Sea. — The following particulars are from the St. Thomas's Times of the 1st ult. 1— The Boyal Mail steamship Solent, from Colon, brought here on Sunday morning last, as passengers proceeding to Europe, the captain and owner of the iwuian oarque JUia uiaare. that toundered in tha Pacific. The Mia Madre, Captaia G. Opisso, and be longing to Mr. Agostino Pedemonte, who was super cargo, anda brother-in-law to the Messrs. Costa here, left Callao on the 27th of July last with a full cargo of guano, bound to Valencia, Spain. After being a few days out the vessel was found to be making water, which increased so rapidly that on the 15th of August it became necessary to abandon her, when about 1,000 miles from the port she had left. The ship had three boats; the second mate took cemmandof one, the first mate of another, and the captain of thelast. Tha boat of the second mate after some hours disappeared, and a few of her men were saved by the boat of whioh the captain had oharge, and in which was the owner. The boat of the first mate and the men in her were entirely lost signs 01. in tne Doat ot tne captain, after many days' lingering, five men died, of whom the second mate was one. The first three corpses were thrown overboard, and the remaing two were reserved for the most horrifying purposes that the mind can well conceive. On the nineteenth day after abandon ing the ship those who were yet in the boat were picked up by an American whaling vessel, whos9 name we omitted to ascertain. This vessel changed her course in order to land them at the port of Paita, as the one most likely to give them an opportunity to reach Panama, and thence get to Europe. The owner and captain express themselves in the most grateful terms of the captain of the whaler for the extreme kindnsss extended to them while on board, he having in the first days of their excessive debility personally fed them with, a spoonful at a time of well-cooked tea broth, thus gradually restoring to them their long-lost strength. An Old Trafamab Mast. — To the Editor of tho Times. — Sir— There is now serving on board this ship a fine old sailor named Cracker, who entered tha Boyal Navy in 1800. He fought under Nelson at Copenhagen, in the frigate Ariadne, and on board the Mars, 74, at Trafalgar, where he was wounded in the leg. Ninety-seven of his comrades were killed outright in this action, besides those who died afterwards of their wounds. He subsequently served at Genoa, Flushing, and G-aeta, and was pre sent at the taking of many prizes and minor engage ments on the sea. On board of his present ship he bears an excellent character, and what is remarkable is, that though 77 years of age, he is one of the best look-out men in the ship. Our captain, Evans, has some time since kindly given directions which exempt him from going aloft. The old man left the Royal Navy in 1835, and has since enjoyed a pension of Is. a day. He ha9 a wife, who is 63 years old, and four children living out of 12. I believe he is the only existing instance of a first-class powder-boy of Trafalgar (October 21, 1805) still. serving as an able seaman in 1862. Cracker states that he distinctly recollects Lord Nelson paying frequent visits to the Mars, then commanded by his old friend Captain Puff, and that he often praised the craw for their dis- cipline and efficiency. He adds that the French began the action with great pluck, but says that after three-quarters of an hour they did not appear to keep to their work. Cracker's gun was No. 13. — E. M.. P. Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ceylon, off Malta, Nov. IS. State of Naples.— The correspondent of the Times at Naples gives a horrible picture of the bri gandage there prevailing. In tha Basilicata alone are eight brigand chiefs, each with a band, who carry off the rich, violate women, seize children for ran som, and sometimes devastate whole districts. They are assisted by the Camorristi, who are leaving the cities, and a Few of the peasantry, and are most of them mounted. They seldom resist the troops, but melt away to reassemble at night in additional numbers. Some time since a bridal party was attacked as it left Campobasso, the bride and bride groom slain, and the rest of the party carried awey for ransom. The smaller proprietors, it would seem, in their timidity, pay these ruffians a black mail, and hunting them with soldiery is almost useks.', while they can retreat at will into the Boman Stales there to be furnished with funds, and urged on to new enterprises. — .Spectator. ChivajJet.— The courtly worship of women began; new conventional forms were introduced for the in tercourse between man and woman, accompanied in Germany with a strong intermixture of Italian man ners. The man had to give proof of his love by heroic deeds and adventures, and his ladylove was surrounded by an atmosphere of poetry, and veiled in ideal perfections, as we may perceive in the numerous ininne songs of that time. But neither the dignity of woman, nor the fundamental morality of marriage, was increased by this chivalrous devotion, and ife became a cloak for reckless profligaoy. Sometimes even a married woman had a knight devoted to her service} he was invested kneeling before his liege lady, and Bhe, laying her hands between his, con firmed his allegiance by a kiss. From that time he wore her colors, he was bound to be faithful to her, and she to him, and in some oases they lived together as man and wife ; and there wen -even instances in which the Churoh gave its sanction to these improper unions. — Pictures of German Life, by Gustav Freytag.^ Large quantities of a Canadian weed called ascle pias have been forwarded from Ottawa, in Canada, to England, in, order to have its qualities tested as ^ anbjtitute. for cotton. 31 