LYCEUM THEATRE. Ghosts, as they are popularly known, arc con sidered objects of terror, and when a house is reported to be haunted it is avoided with sidelong look, as something to be feared, and none but the most courageous will enter within its walls, and even, they, as the hour for the dread ap proach of the apparition draws nigh, are described as feeling tneir hair stand on end and a creeping of the flesh.- The haunted chamber of the Lyceum has quite a contrary effect The spectral tenants of this chamber are comical fel lows, and that people are not afraid of them was evinced by the large attendance who witnessed their appearance last evening, and the loud applause which greeted the performance of the inhabitants of tne spiritual world testified to the complete success of the ghostly sight. On the previous evening there was a defect in the arrangement of the apparatus, that had the effect of making the spectres more real and solid than the bold volunteer and the frightened landlord who engage in combat with them, and many per sons were under the impression that they were .no ghosts at all. But these defects," arising from the hurried manner in which the illusion had been got up, having been remedied, the apparitions last night were looked upon as the real ghosts them selves. There was the haz3', shadowy appearancc, yet the well defined shape which all ghosfa by tradition are'known .to have. They were visions indeed, palpable to the"eye, but airy nothings to the touch; no illusion, could be more complete, entrance and departure were ghostly, the flashing sword was thrust to the hilt, through them, and the delight of the audience was unrestrained when the volunteer officer (Mr. Cox) and the landlord (Mr. Varley) of the haunted hotel rushed upon the fighting apparitions and joined in tne fight, and apparently occupied with their bodies the exact place which the ghosts did without destroying the appartions. They danced and jumped through and through thein, but still the ghosts fought with the most undisturbed air and champion vigor till the curtain dropped, amidst loud applause. Several gentlemen who have seen the ghosts produced at the Melbourne Theatres have said that the apparitions at the Lyceum are superior to their brother spirits in the metropolis. The professor of mystification, Kinley Schiller, performed some of his tricks cleverly, and astonished the gaping ones, but several nre not such complete deceptions as the ghost, and as he naively remarked in the doll trick, "There was no more deception in it than in himself." 