TO CORRESPONDENTS. ( From the Cornhill. ) 'Tis in the middle of the night ; and as with weary hand we wii:e, ' Here endeth C. M. volume seven, we turn our grateful eyes to heaven. The filiating soul, oppressed long, expands and blossoms into song: but why 'twere difficult, to state, since here com menceth volume e'ght. And ah, what mischiefs him environ who claps the editorial liar on ! TiB but a paper thing, no doubt ; but those who don it soon find out the weight of lead — ah me, how weary ! — one little foolscap sheet may tarry. Pleasing, we hear, to gods and men was Mr. 11 i'.Uam Gladstone when he calmed the paper duty fuss ; hut oh, 'twas very hard on Us. Before he took the impost off, one gentleman was found enough (he va, Uei cult an, but still! — ) to bear the letters from Cornhill: two men are needed now, and these are Clearly going at tbe knees, ' Yit happy hearts had we to-day if one in fifteen hundred, say, of all the packets, white and blue, which we diurnally go thiough, yielded an ounce of aterling btains, or aught but headache f r our pains. Ah, could the Correspondent see the Editor in his misery, no more injurious ink he'd shed, but t arsnf sympathy instead. What is this tale of s'raws and bticks ? A hen with fifty thousand chicks clapt it. Sahara's sandy plain to peck the wilderness for grtiu — in that un happy fowl is seen the despot of a Magazine. Only one difference we find ; but that is mast important, mind. Instinct compels her patient beak; ours— in all modi sty wc speak — is kept by Conscience (sternly chaste) pegging the literary waBte. Our bams ate scored, our garners — well, the stock in them's con sidt table; yet, when ave'ie to the deEert brought, again comes back the melting thought that some where in its depths may hide one little seed, which, multiplied in our half acre on Cornhil:, might all the land with gladness filL Experience then no more we heed ; but, though we seldom find the seed, we read, end read, and read, and read. Nevtr of us shall it be said, we left a hopeful line unread. When to our groaning desk we turn, our bowvls in two senses yearn: in one, at our own tails they sicken (alas, poor editor ! poor chicken !), but on the whole they rumble moBt in grief for others' labour lust. It is so sad ! Of bards a score, ol rhepsodists a dczen more ; of critics five ; historians six ; eight aspiiants in politics ; eleven doctors of revenue ; twelve comic writers epic andgpan new ; satirists (not the sort t f men to be put off so lightly) ten ; meta physicians twenty-three — more than there ever used to be; novelists (female) fuity-nine, and two male persons in that lint — these at the- present hour await the sentence of impartial Fate. The thought of all this uselees toil — this waste of enetgy and oil, thase fair ambitiens fondly nurst, but even in the cradle curst — is really grievous ; pray believe, O bretluca, that we roully gi ieve. But what is to he done 1 We know that long as words and waters flow, andpeoplemay toFortunegoby way of Paternoster Row, and gain is fame and fame is gain, we may importunnate in vain ; still on must roll the usfiltered flood, and leave us slicking in the mud. Well, we accept our fate ; resigned to suffer meekly for mankind ; aud heaven forefend that we should ever ducourege piomiBicg endeavour. It is our hope from day to day — the hope, our comfort and our stay — to find such promise, or a ghost of it ; we prouieo ihat we'll make the most of it, IIow gladly, too ? Well, there be some who could unfold—but we'll be mum. B knows how we jumped at him ; A— we never shall forget the day when, sticking to our duties, we were bury drinking up the sea in quest of pearls, and haply came upon thai pearl, that priceless gem ! Hainan, so fond, so young, so bright, you have kind secrets of delight, profoundly tweet, divinely dim, unshared, unguessed at even by him; but nobody can over know the flattering thrill, the joyous throe which agitates this breast whene'er we scent a new contributor. You think, ma'ain, that's exaggeration ; but just conceive the situation. Sup pose before you'd time to say ' Blest hope ! ' the , precious clciub ley— pupa's own image! — in your arms ; and ti.en before those sweet alarms about ihe futuie of his t.oBf, hi- locks, his toothy.pi gSl arose— ihc lovelitsl curls cntwim dhis pate, his pegi. cam' in n peifict R' t, the darling pug grew nobly Greek, 'the Dear got on his legs to sp uk, and talked and laughed and leapt and rsn, and in some thirty minutes' ep,n became a handsome gr.-ve young man! Cjiiccive that, modulo, i f jvur boy ! — conceive your o wn swift thotkB of joj, tht dread Hint, oh, it c.nnot be ! cets. ing in splemid certainty ! — this done, y -u p jati'jly moj/kiow out fia't lit.g thiill and jnyout thr ic. For that's b w geniuses are bom to us up.:n the hill of Cum. Coi.ce a ed from all the world they ,ie m me.nnserip', nnd nvde-ty; we spy zhem our/ as Phernol.'e daughter Bpitd little Mores near the water and while we gazi, t c glorious thing — pee , pl.il je0I pber end ling, ti inker - I' thoughts dut father cr-ods —rites lull-siuiured thiough the rtcds. Our joy, out hope, our linppiniss, no common language cm ex. piers. lie, bi'y ! bring hilhtr wreaths of rutc, on» for us, and one for Mores. He shall be crowned brl'ora we sliep r For now— ah, now we're all a creep | Our very souir. to gi orr flch turn lest othor editor# should leuin what we have learned, and snatch th# prize almost before our hungry eyes. 'ii. but a momint, aud we stand Ircb re our gtnius hat rn h ,n 1 ? ours, for in thsir.s if gi Id he's bound ! — jut f ,r ,vit,j wrttuhs of coun he's crowned ! ? There, spitit ! that's tLe way we jumped at B and co.ur d A : mere mortal men of art and sense, unsp nled by triBtlor prctince. If what they've done yuur p- n can do, tjke courage and be couried too. The funous great wc count pur own ; send us, kind heaien, ihe great unknown ! This is our worst disaster; when some now star swims into our ken, twinkles a lit. Is while, and then unluckily swims qutr-gain: and thit will lia,.p'n in the space of twenty periods— more or less. Ag on we search the tayliss dark, again we catch the tit.ul sperk! Blink! wnk! 'risgoue! quenched inas;a of boundless mediocrity. Now that's provoking. There's a kind of msrihy, f gey, fenny mind, wlnse Jack-o'-hntcm wit d.'lud.-a into the sappi .st s litudcg unwsrv ftnrahs, guard-men, all Die inn-cent un critical. Tl cy d n't concern us ; our lament is made for nobler i pirite, sp. nt in tne expression to a pa'c of ut. illumined it rb ego. Ti e flounder on w ith ari.nt sure, ptifeitly happy, for our share, to catcli a thought, a gleam of wit from time to time, and pon der it! But for the rest, what cm be done! O Luc fcr ! unhappy son of mornings always at the dawn, dii pel the muddy vapours drawn from chaos that obscure your light, or hasten ti go out m night. You only b.thtr us ; and y-t— no, don't go out, bit try to got lies intermittent in your way of addi',gio the light of day. IVc'll wa!t; we'll ktop ihe isle, scope of watchful, pctiint, eager hope upon your cflorti, till we're sure you really must remain ob-cure ? or till your evsnescont rajs kindle into^a lasting blaze! Why not ! The comets, people say, w ill nil ho (.lanc a cne line day ; and we have known some authors very, very, eery cometary, who hsve got steadier, and aie a good large ueeful kind of Btsr. Some brains t - s-nrt with, and the rest is done by industry and tasie. Who trie6 withilitEe, ai d then coiup aius ut future, starts without the brains. Eut now what hare we said ? ThiB is a most vexa tirus husinffs ! To swell the number of our foes, to fortify the hearts of those who are the terrors of our lot : that, most undoubtedly, was not what this di-- cursion wes begun fir; but now we hare done it, and are dene for. Y~e«, we foreknow how will be. 'Metaphysicians twenty- three, r ' Metaphy-icimsby the gtoss ! Sermons and satires by tint toss ! B alia is in faggots of a hundred! Heaven ! bow ingenuously we've blundered! The murdtr's out, tlie s-crct's said ; and those reports so widely spread *bro -.d by people whom we fee to charge us with ftr nity, they all go for nothing. Very well, we oast away hor.t, hoof, and tail, and unre.-ervedly ennfoss ou selves a Sin of Tenderness, Our tanle groans, say : web, we own, that hearing it, we also groan. That's nat inl; hut, we declare, we only groan— we never swear. Our great long-suffering is such that really we don't mind it much ; and nothing can be more sincere, or serious, or blunt, than we are when we aver that since the w und of office came into our hBnd we've humbly served whoever Eought to. do usservice: as we ought. But to those geniuses who pviil pc.si.t in tartu-iug us still with odes to Memogy : to My Aunt. ; Lines to X. Y. Z. Amptzant; the Skylark; Hints on E iqu tie ; Thoughts on the Policy ef Pitt, the Currency, etcetera, we must respectfully demur, submitting, whttt they cannot learn too catly, that the worm will turn ! Ah, no mere 'tis nighr, for there comes the m irning debonair : Ave, O Aurora fair ! IVhat though every ballad-sir ger celebraus your rosy finger, — though the praises of your hair drive us daily to despair, Ave, O Aurora fair ! Come and win the world from slumber, dulcctly, like our new number ; iv.-. jour beauties are our own, daughter of Hypeti n! If you doubt us; only wait till y ou dawn oti volume eight. You shall lead your jocund hours, — we our gay contributors ; and heaven above and eaith below in saffron rivalry shall glow. Pleated we sec the various train in fn.I rehearsal on the plain — with ' pomp, and feast, nnd revelry — with masque and antic pageantry.' Fore most in the blight array, noblest Ficicu leads the way; next Homance, with mystic measure, thrills the soul with dtcadful pleasure; while, with swift and gracious feet, trips the lively Novelette. Poesy, divintly blight, ecatters roses red and while, where Scienca treads, correctly cool, ? fascinating pas de seul. Sea where Satire, ever bland, walks w ith Essay hand in hand — Essay, she whose thoughtful mein sweetly sobers all the scene. Troop on troop they hi:her come to the sound of pipe and drum ; ana darkness, as they come, is hurled backward o'er s waking world. IVith the waning of the moon wanes this litirsry lune. If Aurora would but stay ! — but she hales the work-a-dsy, and the work-a-day is here, brazen, insatiate, severe. Sleep awhile, O weary brain, and wake to gravity again. 