SOUTH AUSTRALIA. I ADELAIDE, 7th August. The élections for the three vacancies in the Legis lative Council will take place to-day. The favorites are M'Ellis ter, Baker, and Elder. Cleared out-Gazelle, for Brisbane, with flour and bran. WOODSIDE, 7th August. The gold reported yesterday as discovered in pay ing quantities was found on the main road from Ade laide, near to the 20th mile post. Nuggets of gold were found near the surface. Great excitement pre vails, and % rush is expected. Our Melbourne correspondent writes as follows : - The extraordinary scene which took place in the As sembly on Thursday night on Mr M'Lellan's motion for leave to introduce a Bill to enable a committee of the Legislative Assembly to examine witnesses on oath in reference to parliamentary corruption, bas been the theme of public comment during the day. The general opinion appears to be that a pure and unadulterated Democratic M'Lellan is as dangerous as a thoroughly honest fanatic in religion. The powers that he asked for are regarded aa monstrous, and the method as ridiculous, when he had a straightforward course before him, if he had the proof of the charges that he preferred. Public opinion, with a directness and common sense which does not appear to characterise its representatives, en dorses the view that either the. member for Ararat ought to natue the members ta whom he referred, and ask for a committee to prove his charges against them or be expelled from the House. Mr O'fihan assy's passionate challenge ought to have been accepted, and the fact of its not being taken up while it has confirmed the belief in the member's obstinacy has thrown discredit on his statements. Long before the debate was concluded the result was defined in tile refreshment roam. Plagiarizing Bick Swiveller, the House passed the rosey and drank to their noble selves, and resolved that they were the pure and unadulterated article. "The mendacious Press" came in for its anare of the abuse, the Chief Secre tary, in this respect, imitating tile clumsy and uncouth ignorance of the man he was assailing. The speech of the night was Mr Aspinall's, which no| «idy shewed the absurdity of Mr M'Lellan's notice of motion and killed it with roars of laughter, but had a (dear and logical sequence «Inch proved the mons trous natara of the proposition brought forward br the member for Ararat. Professor Pepper's ghost is to be acclimatised at the Polytechnic Institut«, Melbourne, and posten already announce the appearance of » génoise spectre at an early date. 