CITY POLICE COURT. Saturday, loth August, 18G3. (Boforo Mr Start, P.M.) Drunkards. — Tho following persons were fined 5s each for drunkenness: — John Hawkos, Michael M'Namara, and James Betts. MiNon Offences. — William Urquhnrt, for being drank whilst in charge of hia horse nnd -art, was fined 10s or forty-eight hours' imprisonment. — SilvRinus Edwards, charged with vagrancy, was re manded for seven days for medical treatment, as- he was evidently of unsound mind. — Janet M'Keime, n disorderly prostitute, was sent to prison for seven daj's. — Ellen Dnvis. who had only recently narrowly escaped death from a stab inflicted by a Dutch sea a similar charge. — Robert Gregory, for using abusive language, wns fined 10s, or in default fourteen dnys in gaol. lioiinisirr mow tiie Pehson. — William Condon nnd John Lenry, both old loafers, were charged by Dctectivo Duross with robbing a man named Henry King in n right-of-way off Lonsdalo streot west. They were observed by somo 3'oung men leading King, who was drunk at tho time, into tho rightof way, after which thoy had a dispute about some money, and then knocked him down. When inter fered with, Condon maintained that King was an old friend 01 Ins, and that no naa given him his money to take caro of for him, hut, tho detective then coming up, they were arrested. King swore, when examined before tho bench, that he knew the prisoners well,, and thnt he had given hia money to Condon for safe keeping. The charge accordingly fell to tho ground; nnd as it seemed thnt King only wished to get the prisoners off, thoy were advised by tho bench to keep the money he swore he hnd given them. King wns then lined 10s, or 48 hours' imprisonment, for drunkenness ; and, ns a further proof of tho collusion which had existed between them, Condon paid tho fine for uun. Stealing from a Dwelmiio.— Mary Foley, nn der sentence for stealing table cloths, was sent to prison for nn additional month for stealing another cloth from the Plough Inn, Bonrlte streot. She pleaded guilty to tho charge, and said nothing what ever in her defence. False Piietences. — Thomas Thomson was charged by Detectivo Senbright with obtnining some articles of clothing to tho value of £8 from Mr B. Calm, a drapor in Swanston street, under false pro tences. Ho was tho same person who charged tho boy O'Donohuo lately with stealing a draft of the value of £375, and besides was a convict, who wns then nt large upon a tickot-of-leave. The case was remanded until Friday. Stealing a Watch. — A young man named Wil liam J. Buckely, whose head barely topped the dock, wns charged with stealing a watch from his mother. Ho had successfully effected tho theft, and had pnwned the wntch for a smnll sum of money with which ho purchased his admission to the Hny market, in order to gratify his tasta for tho supor natnral by witnessing the ncwly-introdnccd drnmutic representation of tho ghost. His parent, who had given him in chnrgo for the theft, begged him off, and promised to send him to Port Albert to n situa tion, and the bench thereupon dismissed tho case. 