WOMEN'S RIGHTS. To the Editor of the Geelong Advertiser. Dear Mr Editor,-In reply to Mary Ann in to day's paper, I beg to state that the date of my letter was a clerical error. I hope she knows the meaning"1; of, clerical .error; jif not, let lier ask that omnipresent brother of- her's. -As to herself, she appears to have neither mind nor matter, unless dis tilled second-hand, and. these of such wretched quality is to read them is only waste of time. As to Mary Ann not understanding my letter,'tis not likely she would, haying such a small quantity of brains ; no wonder she never reads so dry a subject as the leading article. And again, she "has not entered the state of wedded slavery, she being still in single blessedness. I fear if; she had the choice she would be for running into our state of nonentity But I say with poor Will, she had better bear the ills she has than rush to those she knows not of. As to the sense of my letter in my state of non-existence, I would beg, frighten, or farely shame some of Mary Ann's brothers to go and plead for us poor ghostes that we may have a small allowance of law- ful existence accorded to us. Now is the time, we are in a new country and have every chance of a new Parliament—let her exert her influence with all her brothers and uncles, get them into Parlia ment ; never let them have any rest at home until they have done something towards our emancipa tion. Should this poor little soul do as I bid her, I may appear before cock crow some morning, and point the way she is still to go. To the Editor of the Geelong Advertiser Sir,—In yoar issue of Monday last, is an article commenting uron the case of one Main and his wife, who had taken up some land within the bor ders of New South Wales under the new Land Act of that colony. With the merits of that case as between the Mains and the squatters whose runs were invaded, it is not my intentiou to interfere ; but iu my opinion a most important feature of that trial was the easy and cool manner in which tin Supreme Court of New S mth Wales dealt with the wife of Mr Main. Jiy it she is pronounced a chattel of her husband, a human being with a soul the same as aH of us, is declared to have no individual exis tence in law, no civil rights of &ny; kind whatever, and utterly unable to hold property of any kind except under ante or pust nnutial settlements. Hut this is not all, for the same court declared rhat Mrs I Main's husband being alive, she had no right to ' imi ound any cattle during his absence that might be trespassing upon his land, nnd perhaps, ruining his crops. This is surely placing u married woman in a position that her Maker never intended her to he degraded to; it is placing her below the level of ♦ lie veriest slave. Instead of her holding her posi tion as, if not equal, at least second in the house hold, she is by the laws of marriage made of less consequence thnn her own children, nay,{than her own servants. I That it may l»e prndent to exclude women from the management of certain public affairs, which are decidedly more within the province of men's busi ness, inay be quite right, but my experience of women lead me to believe that if husbands confided more in the good sense of their wives, and a^ktd and acted more upon their opinions of questions of public policy even, instead of ignoring their ca pacity to judge of such matters entirely, they would hear more sound reasoning thau_ they would in the several talking shops for men, which they frequent, and this might be effected very qoietly and unosten taiiously, and without patting women prominently* forward at all as politicians. It can be done at the breakfast or tea table, while the wife plies her needle, in fact under all circumstances where con versation can be carried on. I confess that I have long thonght of this, to me, monstrous anomaly, in regard to married women. It seems to me that in every respect but the raoralry of tnlhering to the marriage rite, women become de graded beings and slaves the moment their so-called future happiness (!) is pronounced by the officiating clergyman, and I have long felt surprise that no efforts had been made to place wives on a social position of more equality with their husbands than they have from time immemorial, and in compliance with the usages of a most ancient eooch of the world's history- been subjected to. Whnt is there in women that they cannot be snp dos d equal in point of moral training and mental acquirements who arrogate to themselves the title of lords of the creation. Ilow many may have bad to thank their wives for the possession of fortunes hey have acquired through the industry, thrift, and intelligence of their better halves, and what is a more priceless treasure, comfort and happiness. How mapy homea bare been rendered palacea of " ntent and enjoyment by these legally degraded | c-eatnres, who have no individual existence, and vlto cannot perform the most paltry work of respom : •ability for their husbands without the latter going j through the stupid and expensive process of giving them power of attorney to do so. I cannot see any great danger that would accrue | husbands if wives were permitted to enjoy many, if n-.t all, the civil rights that they are deprived of by marriage. At present, husbands are responsible for lie extravagance and folly of tbeir wives, | ami they could not possibly lie more so if the wife was a recognised free agent. Although long aware that a married woman can i claim or hold no property of any kind, except under an ante or pott nuptial settlement, and that in this respect th°y had no individual existence, t were not prepared forsnch a sweeping opinion as that | of the Sydney jud;es. which 'assigns them no pis or existence at nil in society, but that open to tl most degraded of our race—namely, if they offend , against the laws, they arc amenable to punishment, i 