yOETH A DEL AIDS GRAHMliE SCHOOL. The half-yearly examination of the scholars at tending the North Adelaide Grammar School, con ducted hy Mr. Vhinham. was held at the school room. Ward- street, on Thursday afternoon. The building was tvell filled by between 50 and CO of the pupils, with their parents and friends; and the Kev. J. "Jefi'eris, LL.B., presided. Uu two of the desks were exhibited numerous specimens of writioa, sonic of which possessed considerable ex cellence, especially that of A. Langman, which, for a lad of about 12 years of ace, was surprisingly hold, well formed, and free. The maps made by the hoys iu competing for the mapping prize were .shown on the northern wall, and were much ad mired. Afew pencil drawings were also exhibited, hut they were evidently the productions of be ginners. The Chairman, incommencingtheexamination, expressed the great pleasure he felt in occupying that position, as he had done on former occasions, from being acquainted with the high attainments of the master aud the progress made hy the scholars. Mr. Whinham then read a brief statement of the proceeilings of Ids school during the half year. In his teachings, he said, his chief aim was always to communicate as clear and perfect an understanding of the subject taught as was possible, and also to improve and strengthen the memory by duly exercising it, in obliging his • pupils to recite orally the rules and definitions of the subjects treated. The hoys thus were required to commit to memory the principles of grammar, 1 and at the same time were exercised in the appli cations of those principles. As the minus of youth were extremely volatile and shifting, and as lie considered it an indispensable acquisition that first principles in all brandies of learning should be thoroughly mastered, he continually exercised theai in the recital of these elements. His first class had been engaged in algebra, the mensura tions, Ac., two of them had read five or six books of Caesars Commentaries in Latin, and one of them was reading the New Testament iu Greek. In the second class sonie were learning mensura tion and the higher antiemetic, and were reading Henry's hook m Latin. The third class were occupied with the higher rules of arithmetic, and some three or four with the Latin grammar. The hoys in these classes were also attending to grammar, geography, science, Ac., and in thelower divisions arithmetic) and elementary grammar and geography were being acquired. He thought no school surpassed his in industry. He knew how essential it was to success in any pursuit in life, and therefore endeavoured to establish and strengthen the habit in the young. He spoke highly of the moral conduct of liis scholars, and paid a compliment to their parents, by attributing it to moral training in the home. In awarding prizes he said his rule was to give them to the two hoys in each class who had obtained the highest number of marks for general work. To the two next in order he gave certificates of merit, provided they had worked sufficiently hard. When the marks of the two or three highest boys were very nearly equal he deviated a little and awarded each a prize. This was the case with Masters Marrabel, Paqualin, and Calf, who were within C9 or 70 of each other iu 5,090 marks. Masters Wakefield and Malcolm were so nearly alike iu map ping that he had also given each of them an equal prize. Masters Wakefield, M'Cullocli, Langman, and Phillips, in the second class, liad exhibited great industry; and in the third class. Masters Baker, Calf, Cornish, and Wigg had similarly distinguished themselves. Master Cor nish would also have stood very high but for severe illness. Mr, "Whinliam concluded by impressing upon his boys the dependence of success in life upon cliaracter and principles, aud strongly ad vising them to be industrious and truthful, honest and generous. The Ch AIKMAX said he thought Mr. Whinham's plan of- awarding prizes was much preferable to that of giving them to hoys who might acquit , themselves best on any fixed day for an exami nation. By the latter method he who crammed most would come the best off, but by the other true progress and industry were fairly rewarded. Recitations were then given by the following . hoys, all in a very creditable manner:—A. Lang i j man, The Graves of a Household;" B. Graham, "The Village Blacksmith;" T. Davies, "The " ! Spanish Champion;" F. Wigg. "The Fakenham ! i Ghost:" P. Wakefield, "The Last Days of Her 1 j cnlnneura;" H. Baker, "The Last Man:" J. ' Malcolm, "The Wreck of the Hesperus;" and " . ,J. M'Cullocli, " The Arab's Farewell to his ' | Steed." ' ! The Chairman, who had been requested to de ' j cide lietween them for the prize, made a few ' remarks upon each recitation, and gave it as his j opinion that Masteis Wakefield and J. Malcolm n j were the best and were equally good, f Mr. Whinham said he would give a prize to 3 each; aud ? | The Chairman hating given the pupils some 3 ; advice in the study and practice of elocution c I distributed the prizes as follows:-Fiist Class—J. r- ! Marrabel. T. Paqualin, F. Calf, general iinprove Le ■ meut; J. Malcolm, manpiiig. Second Class—Pi ! Wakefield, J. M'Cullocli, general improvement; le A. Langman, Latin; P. ;Wakefield, mapping. 1 c Third Class—H. Baker, P. Calf, general improve M ment; F. H. Wigg, industry and good conduct; P. ' Calf, mapping. Cornish, drawiug, a prize presented b hy J. Malcolm. Fourth Class—D. M'Cullocli, 1,1 W. Porter, general^ improvement. Fifth Clasi ^ —<1, Davies, \y. Masou, general improvement The first prize for drawing was awar led to O. W. KSprigg. Certificates of merit.—Second Class—A. • Langinan. U. Philips, general improvement; J. M'Culloch and ,T. Porter. Latin. Third Class -F.. H. W'igg and W. Cornish. Fifth Class—F. Dos wcll and U. Elliott. Tile CilAlRsi.vN said he hoped, if requested b.v Mr. Whinham to take the chair at the next ex amination, that he would observe evidences of pro gress similar to those that had presented them selves that day. The boys gave hearty cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Whinham, the visitors, and the Chrirman, and the company dispersed. 