SPONTANEOUS GENERATION. [From the Saturday Review.] There ere certain causes which, though constantly in defeat, are constantly in rebellious uprising. There is a fascination in certain opinions which snatches at evidence, which resists demonstration, which looks on a drawn battle as a decisive victory, and triumphs at every pause of the enemy—the fascination of mystery. Ghosts and apparitions survive all the attacks of me thodical science. Spirit-rappings are proved over and over again to be impostures, without any degree diminishing their noisy obtrusivencss. Ignominiously driven from one camp, the rebels are eeen appsaring in another spot, as loud and confident as ever. They are never defeated—they only retire, for " strategic reasons." We are very far from wishing to place spontaneous generation on a level with ghosts or rapping spirits— still father from wishing to liken its advocates to the believers in ghosts and Mr. Home. It is a scientific question, and is, at any rate in our day, handled by scientific p?en in ? serious spirit. But there ie in it the fascination of a rebellious heterodoxy, the desire to fly in the face of the schools, and to get a etep nearer to the mystery of creation, which make men ensp at evidence, and resist the accumulation of 1 inductive proof, very much in the style, lotUe propor " lion gar dee, of other insurgent causes. Nor do we ' regret the feet we thus indicate. A. great advantage ' results from these insurgencies. They keep the intelligence alert, they save us from sleepy orthodoxy and indolent acquiescence, and they enlarge the boun daries of knowledge. In the credulous days of early science, men easily believed that worms originated in putrefying matter, that eels were developed out of mad, and that sticks and leaves falling into the water became transformed thereinto animals. They believed anything in those days, on two conditions—first, that it should be un hesitatingly asserted; and secondly, that it should not directly contradict existing opinions, or super ficial observations. No one doubted—donating is an art which comes late in the history of man. Jf or was there any obvious ground for doubt that eels sprang from the mud, or that worms sprang from putrefaction. The observed facts were of eels suddenly appearing in empty ponds where no eels were seen before, and " worms'" suddenly appearing wherever meat was putrefying. The successive phe nomena of generation were too little understood to suggest a doubt Spontaneous generation was the quiet orthodox belief until Bedi, the Florentine poet and naturalist, opposed and vanquished it by bis enlightened scep ticism. The reader, who only knows Bedi, the poet, by the Baecho in Toscana, will do well to make the acquaintance of the naturalist, by bis Optaeol idi ftoria Natvrale (recently reprinted at Florence). He will there read how Bedi watched the development of the " worms " in decomposing meat, and, finding that they became familim- flies, sagaciously concluded that the parent flies bad deposited their eggs in the meat, which explained the apparent spontaneous generation. To prove that the meat only served as a nidus, Bedi covered a piece with fine gauze. Imme diately flies were seen hovering over it in great agita tion. The odour of the meat attracted them; but, alas! they could not fulfil their instincts they could not deposit the eggs in this admirable nest. Failing in their attempts, they made a compromise, and deposited their eggs upon the game. It is needless to say that the gauze was '"""fliwiit ng a nidv> t and that the meat presented no "worms." This was for a time decisive. From that day to this, only an occa sional speculator, in daring disregard of evidence, has ventured to maintain the spontaneous generation of flies—much less of eels. But in 1745, Keedham, a Catholic priest and an excellent observer, reopened the question on new ground—the obscure and ill understood field of infusorial life. Since then it has also been carried into the still more obscure field of cntozos; for it is the unfortunate characteristic of this cause to be always most discredited where our knowledge happens to be most precise; as the horizon widens and die darkness rolls away, tide doctrine retires deeper into Che shadows. Keedham produced a great sensation, bat be was finally silenced by Spal lanzani; and the orthodox party grew more assured of the justice of its motto, omnevvoam. ex ova —or, as we find it necessary now to word it, omne victim ex vivo. The doctrine had become so thoroughly discredited that die schools were in profound quiet. In 1859 this quiet was disturbed by M. Ponchet, who pre sented himself before the august body of Academi cians as the ardent advocate of the proscribed cause. Hie was too eminent a man to be poohpoohed; and his statements of experimental results were too startling to be ignored. He was equipped with aD the material of war, and flung down a gauntlet which could not be left lying there. Champions in abundance presented themselves; and to this day the fight continues. In France, England, and America, investigators are busy with tnfti?jon?, purifying the air, inventing obstacles to the possible access of germs from without, and proving to their entire satisfaction that spontaneous generation is a first troth—and an antiquated absurdity. It is some satisfaction to reflect that all this labour and dis cussion have not been without collateral advantages. The least of tfae lessons thus learned has been the necessity of caution in experiment. As to positive results, they are, as just intimated, at present far from harmonious. The eminent chemist, H. Pasteur, whose researches have thrown the most discredit on the statements of M. Pouchet, finds a contradictor in Dr. Wvman, of Harvard College (American Journal of Science, July, 1862), who repeats M. Pasteur's experiments with opposite results. Oar readers will not call upon us to decide a ques tion still tttbjadice. But we shall not withhold our opinion that the balance of evidence markedly leans to the orthodox side; and, with regard to the some what staggering experiments of Dr. Wyman, we leave them to be tested and criticised by M. Pasteur, or others—at once, however, denying bis position that" all ova and spores, in as far as we know any thing about them, are destroyed by prolonged boil ing." It has been ascertained, by Mr. Lewes, that the spores of AspertfiUui are not destroyed—are not even appreciably affected by boiling; and me real!* know co very little of the ova of infusoria that it is perilous to generalise about them. In die Zecons de Chimi et de Phisique now before us, M. Pasteur gives, as bis contribution, a rapid survey of tfae controversy and of his own researches. The first point satisfactorily established by him is the existence of a variable quantity of organic corpuscles, indistinguishable from the germs of inferior organism floating in the dust of the atmosphere. As this point is of incalculable importance, we will briefly indicate its proof. He places some gun-cotton in a glass tube, and through the tube passes a given amount of atmospheric air. The air, of course, carries a variable quantity of dust, as every one sees when a sunbeam slants athwart a room. This dost, or a large proportion of it, is arrested by the cotton fibres, which act as a strainer of die air. The cotton is then dissolved in ether. After the lapse of some hours, all the dost will have fallen to the bottom of the tube. It is then washed and transported into a watch glass, where the liquor is suffered to evaporate, and the dust is submitted to chemical reagents capable of dis criminating its various constituents. These are found to be particles of inorganic matter, starch, vegetable fibres, and spherical and ovoid globules, transparent and filled with granules containing nuclet —in a word, presenting the unequivocal aspect of ova or spores. Without pretending to say of what these are tfae ova or spores, uon pent atfirmer la reseemblance par&ite; avec dea germes d'organismes inferieurs, voila tout." To this M- Pouchet and bis adherents object that the quantities are too small to account for the universal and abundant presence of infusorial life in infusions of decaying substance. M. Pasteur replies that the quantities are indeed variable, bet quite sufficient to account for the phenomena. After a storm, the transparence of the air is doe, in a great measure, he thinks, to the rain having beaten down the floating dust; and perhaps the den sity of fogs is to a great extent dependent on the amount of suspended dust But in tfae ordinary condition of tfae atmosphere, in the street where he lives, he has collected several thousands of these organic corpuscles in tfae course of twenty-four hoars; and the rapidity with which infusoria mul tiply is well known. Having proved that tfae air is a vehicle of ova and spores, or let us simply say of organic corpuscles, the next step is to prove that these corpuscles will develop into infusoria if intro dieedinto a cask which contains a decoction of organic substances, and air perfectly freed from germs. Without these corpuscles such a decoction would never, it is affirmed, show signs of life; with these corpuscles the infusoria are certain to appear. The experiment of control has great force. Instead of placing tfae corpuscles unaltered in the decoction, he first alters them by intense heat, such as may be presumed to destroy then- vitality, and then no organisms appear. Another carious result of 11. Pasteur's experiments is, that not only are the quantities of corpuscles very variable in different places and different states of the atmosphere, but that the greater the height above the surface of the earth from which the air is obtained, the rarer are these corpuscles ; so that on the Mer de Glace, out of 20 flasks opened at that height, only one revealed the entrance of corpuscles, and these pro bably were carried by the clothes of the experi menter. Now that scientific balloon ascents are frequent it would be eminently desirable to try the effect of atmospheric air admitted into a decoction at the height of come miles above the earth. Even here there would be various sources of error, against which it would be necessary to guard. Nevertheless, if a sufficient number of experiments were made to eliminate the accidents, a tolerably constant negative would be a strong confirmation of the hypothesis that, unless the air brings germs into an infusion, no life will appear. Reviewing tfae whole controversy, we may call attention to two cardinal facts. First, in proportion as our knowledge becomes more extensive and more exact, there is a corresponding limitation of the possible field for spontaneous generation: and the strong presumption ie, that this retreat of the doctrine into narrower and narrower limits will be pursued until it is finally excluded from science. Secondly, even with regard to the obscure questions of infusorial life it is certain that the air constantly carries germs in its floating dost, and this is at least one known source of the phenomena invoked by the advocates of Spontaneous Generation. Now, although the establishment of this one source does not posi tively exclude the possibility of there being other sources—although the generation of some infusoria from germs does not exclude the possibility of spon taneous generation in other cases—it leads to a very strong presumption that the ordinary laws of genera tion, observed with such amazing uniformity through out the whole region of the known phenomena, will obtain also in these unknown phenomena. i 