The Advertiser. ADELAIDE: SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1863. WE PUBLISHED in the Advertiser of Friday morning a very, full and comprehensive summary of British, European, and American intelligence, compiled specially for our papers by our London Correspondent. So far as the bald facts of the month's news are concerned, we shall have little to add, bat our files contain ample debute, and plenty of comment, from which we shall make selections as space may admit. To-day we publish in foil onr London letter, embodying an instructive commentary on the events of the month; and we also give a pretty complete summary of monetary, commercial, and shipping transactions. The news, on the whole, may be considered satisfactory, so far as relates to this colony. The great Christmas topic at home has been quite as alarming in its way as the ghost stories of old — garottUm having fairly thrown London into a panic. It is the-theme of leading articles, die staple of Punch, the subject of conversation in erery place of public and private resGrt, and , some very carious questions ace likely to arise out of it. London cannot sleep of nights, and there is a loud oatcry for the resumption of transportation; Australia, of course, being specially mentioned as a likely place for esta blishing new convict depots." The emigration movement is now exciting much discussion, and we should not wonder if a vote of publio money were taken in England for the promotion of this object, in which case we might stand a chance of getting a few immi grants without having to pay for tiiem. But however this may be, it is evident that the question is at the present moment creating an unusual amount of interest; and we refer with, pleasure to our Correspondent's letter on tins subject, especially to his quotation from a speech by Mr. Cobden, which is well worth reading. It is some relief to find that the extreme pressure of the Lancashire distress is in some small degree abating, and it is equally pleasing to find that the spirit of benevolence yet main tains its unexhausted flow. One rather remark able phase of the cotton famine is the zeal with which New York merchants and others are rushing to the rescue; although the very curious Yankee speech of a Brooklyn clergyman, as related by our Correspondent, would lead one to suppose that the New York people are desirous of killing two birds with one stone—namely, relieving the Lancashire operatives on the one hand, and drawing off English sympathies from the Confederate States on the other. The ardour with which Yankee merchants (who by the way are, many of them, making huge for tunes out of the war) are threatening to pour flour and bacon into Liverpool has, evidently, a political as well as a charitable aspect. Whilst referring to America we may as well point out the strongly-marked abolition tendencies of the Federal Government at the present moment. It was not always so; it is well known that Presi dent Lincoln Kas offered again and again to sanction Bravery, and to lend the protection of the law to the slaveowner, provided the Southern States would re-enter the Union. He would have welcomed them back with slavery and all its atrocities; but as they would not return, he resolves to liberate the slaves in the revolted States as fast as he can, and, looking beyond tile future, proposes a scheme for the gradual emancipation of all slaves by the year 1890. Oar Correspondent has dealt fully with this inte resting question. The Queen still occupies the very centre of English anxieties and sympathies. On the anniversary of the Prince Consort's death, Her Majesty spent the day in strict seclusion, and shortly afterwards a " Memorial Volume" ap peared, containing speeches, <&0., of the illus trious deceased, with remarks said to have emanated from the pen of the Queen, npon his character and proceedings. We have not heard whether a volume of this deeply interesting wort h&s; reached Sooth. Australia, but if not already here, it no doubt will be shortly. We rejoice, as will every South Australian, colonist, to learn &&t;'&e-Qaeen; has no intention of abdicating. Indeed, we always discredited the rumour, bat it is gratifying to hare it formally contradicted. It is now affirmed, and with more appearance of trufli than formerly, that Prince Alfred will visit Australia; and should this be the case, it will occasion the noblest demonstration of which these colonies hare ever yet been the theatre. The Royal Prince has been almost unanimously elected King of Greece, and doubtless the impossibility of his accepting this office is one of the reasons that hare prompted the arrangements for his Australian tour. But the Greeks are very determined to have die Prince, and to effect this object they would not object to pat the crown in Com mission, and wait for him till the British nation and Government would consent to his accepting the offer. It is not, however, bo much objected to in England that the Prince is yet too young to assume die responsibilities of sove reignty ; die political and international difficul culties inseparable from an English Prince sit ting on the throne of Greece, would equally operate were he doable his present age; and we cannot believe that either now or hereafter Her Majesty's Government would consent to the proposal. ? Ecclesiastical prosecutions fox heresy seem to be getting unpopular; and although sentences have been passed upon, some of the writers of the .Essays'and Reviews, it is said that no pro ceedings will be taken against Bishop Colenso. In fact the Bishop of London, in language which at the present moment almost amounts to ap proval of Colenso, has stated that the rules of the Church require to be expanded, go as to admit within its pale men of learning and genius who are now, on account of their theological opinions, excluded. 