THEATRICALS AND MUSIC TntE.VTJJE llOXAZi. The ghost at this liouso is neither a cmtlo spoctre, a bleeding nun, a sepulchral (liable, r.sr a shadow Shtkspcarian, It is the PtTnprinc of champngno and tho valse it deux temps It is a modern Rltos!, n local ghost, » ghost belonging to tho present lime, and nrither torrihlo nor Btariling, but qaite the reverse. It id ihe flitlioK phantom of a dream made visible; a'roprcEontntim in result of tbe mysterious process which pj^es through an overwrought brain. The lato ball has furnished tho hint of tho ptrticulnr means by which this bodi!c?s creation has buen made known to tho public, and the special clnsn of i hosts so presented wsro n.i doubt wandering about -n n'l directions on tho morning of tbe 28th ultimo. Thup, for example, a certain popuWr representative wasvety likely visited by legions of oreaturca in dark blue, with dazed coverlncB on their heads, and etout staves in their hands, nnd who took him to five lmndrcil dilitrent lock-np?. A portly, pieruunt looking gentleman, of legal connexion', and dramntlj leanings, was vialcd by boaU of bibliocrAphical medical celebrities, whom ho hnd o-jiiiimnlly to knock down, and quota tho wlulo tho famous apostrophe roferring to the third Bithvrd's ox-minlator. Young gentlemen of tuecepliblo natures saw crowds of vh nnriieres, odalisques, Orcck 1-rIJcp, Spanish don dub, round-limbed siiuhretles, Howcr-drls, Spiiups, Summers, Nights, Moruiug«, Moons. iJreninj; Stars, nnd nymphs and goddenses without number. Yonug Indie, also susceptible, saw troops of knights, grandees, 'Eonileraen' of various periods, u:onks, dukon, kings, and the like ; whilo those who were neither very im»cep:ible «»' yet ex cofdingly dull, had visions ot knleido/oopio colourp,'blcndiu(r and chanainj perpetually, ami resolving them.-elvcs into a bewildering array of laces, armB, loss, waists, nnd parU of features, mnnito in extern, oiid enpticioun in vnr.'ety. Sn that if a gentleman who hid sustained the dress of Captain Mnchenth did happen to bee Borne claMcnl forms flit before his iloepinjt vision, an lie lay upon a couou getting Iilinuoll dcliquorlBcd, lad If with the forms clasrical thcrtsoAUic firms pugiliitio, which had no di-sancfc connexion with tha fancy lull, thorc ia no Rreat marvel. And this, iu fact, la tho plot of ' Fifteen V inute.i with tho Spectres,' which to nso went npwatdd of three thousand pcoplo ln;t Saturday night, nnd which nppnroutly Mnuneil them eo much that several thousands more lir.vo i^oiie during tho week to see it. Tho details of this ghostly pro duction have been a little varied bIhco tho flr«t night, that ii to r,ay, it has beon renilcral ttnilormly patent. It w»a an iugonlous idea, no doubt, to combino nciliil ghcals nithgboats lwtli len!', but tho 'gods' undofSiooil nut tho joke, and began to cry out that they had hotn taken in ; but when they found out that theso were in addition to the nowly Invent ;d gbo3!«, and were not intended to bo palmed oil ns suhstituton for tbom, they clappod the'.r bnnds and confessed themselves procipUnto. Thns tho ghosts nt Mils thentro aro to be declared an undoubted success. Suakspoarc, ho.vover, h»9 not been .entirely superseded by the Bpoclral buEince?. 'Twelfth Night ' nnd ' Tho Taming of ft Shrow' have nightly delighted the crowds who have flocked hithoT, and it ia to bo iit.ped thcirta^teo were n.it onlirely propnssreseil by the npiiit*, Indeed, judging by tl.o deinnmtrations they licvo oxhibitod, BlmkBpearo hn3 at least eharcd tho honours pnid to tho cliosts, nnd that is not a little to Ray in the sonsalion-lovingago, . IlOYilt MAY.TtAWICEr.. 'The Bleeding Nnn of Mndonbcrg' ha? taken tho placo of ' Uonquo and tho Sovon Kings.' That very charming little pleca 'Tho Gamhlei'a Daughter,' has also bceu loplaocd in the bills, and those who do not care for ghosU, may profitably ocoupy themselves with studying the excellent moral of this play. JL-ni»CBHH inGlTItK. 'Lord Uatcman, or tho Sallee Hover,' li ono of Mr. H. J. Hyrr.n'a latest efforts. This goutlo mau has obtained a largo success in a partionbr line. He ia ono of tho fortunuto dramutlsts of the dny, and though ho occupies the very lowest poiitlon in tho seal a of dramatic authors, con (?Mcrod from a literary point of view, ho can afford to commiserate nnd patroniao the drsmatlEts legitimate. 'Gentlotncn, burlesque writing pay' in theso degoueratc limua,' ho may pay to liia fcllow-laliourora. A man may spend seven ycara writing a grand tragedy, which no manaeor will accent, but whloh perhaps posterity wilt proncunoo to be a work of geniuB, and whioh will entltln i's author to have statues rals d to him. Hut what if the ru'hor should starve? It is good, no doubt, to earn famo and a mnno, am to command iho world's applnuce. But it iu( liighly (li33(-reenble to bo hunted by duos, to be in fear of bura-bitiliflB, to be obliged to go up and down hack ntreats, lest ono shou'd meet a creditor or .somo attornoy'a clwk with a writ. So that it ia necessary for him who oleota to write for tho Bingo, to' say if lila remuneration shall bo immodinte success and hard cash, or tho approbation of generations not yet horn, Mr. Byron Iks evidently choson to bo satisfied with piesent henoDta. Ho leaves famo to the ambitious. His desire is to live, to have a respectable balanoi at hu bankers, to wear decent raiment, to dwell in an elegant house, and to onjoy the eurront npplaueo of this world. He may possess tha germs of a great drnraatlit. Ills m cret longlujja may bo for such reputation an now attaches to the. names of the Elizabethan poets. Ho may inwardly contemn hia own. works; he may bo really ashamed of hla own offspring. But ho if) a philosopher. // faut vivre, add to do bo U diflioult in Ihcso day-, unjoss a man osn manajo to hit the ta.iUs, bend to tho projudlces, piudor to the quostlonablo dcsLes, orBuitthopretereuces of tho multitude. Onco in ton Ihouennd times, tho nttompt t« oommnnd these popular leanings, aiid to make thorn bend in a part'caUr direction, is successful. Much inoro frequontly it results in disaster, defeat, end destruction. It ia Ilka pushing your way through a crowd in- tho direotlou oppouito to that in which It U ruBhlng. If you are strong ahouldarod and determined, you :npy make your way after oxperienclnir brul«e3. You aro nuoh moro likely, however, to ho trodden down,' anil mnimod, or Killed. If you will not CO with the stream, yon, had beat stand a«ldo. Mr- Hyron prefers lo go with tho elreira, and, on it carries him on to present aucoesa, he has, at any rnto, the satisfaction of feeling that aomo kind of ocmpensatlon is allotted him for tho pncriflee to uhloli he oonpents. He may not bo Sliakspeare, bus ho is possibly bettor known than Shakupesrof and if the next gentury should show no reoord of his works, ho has some kind of consolation in feeling that full juatico hi dono to him in tho present day. Ho is liko many other enjoyablo things, very agroctble iu his way, but nut rondo to Keep. 'Lord Uatoman' will bo amon^ forgotton things in a r.ccro of ycarr, but it is all popular just now, and ic is of its kind exoollout enough. Judged after a certain mudo of esiimnting tho merits of dramatic nieces, it is V work of great prominence. K word-torturing be tho one thing cif espocial moment to which dramatists should attend, then it distances all other.'. Mr. Byion plays Ench fantastio trioks with his mother tonguo, that nobody atttt a time will bo able to say what is the Absoluts meaning of any word or phrase. Thoy will bare to be judged by contraries. Given a conventional meanlnj;, it will ho required to know into how many different directions, opposito from its legitimate ono, its signification inny bo mailo to extend. For example, the proper name, Haldeo, o 10 of tho characters in this pieco, may serve as thg keynote upon whioh the clungcs may be rung to nn nlmost limitless extont. H serves ns a sort of parent Mook, from which a wholo lino of do'oandiiiits are tuado to come forth, nnd the nseociato ideas whtoh accompany these servo as nuclcii around which additional material of the o'rama gathers and accumulates. It it possib'c that this mode cf construc-ing dnmiUlc works, may, in a succeeding ago, bcoomo elaborated iuto high art; but, at present, and with thospecimcue yet beforo us of what burlosquo writing Is capable, tills pc« Ability doos not seem a to't i,oar ono. The public, however, do not care to trouble themselves about any posjjblo condition to which burlesqno writing may reach, Thoy only look at whnt is presented to them, and spcculato on further than the hour which sorvea to bring it under their notice. A burleEq'ie, liko a primrose to Words worth's hero, is to tl.cm nothing but o burlesque, wilh no ulterior significance, either as to its influence upon the gonuinc drama, or ns to its poesible development into Bomethlng beyond its iroaent state. Thoy do not even greatly caro to bo made awaro of tho origin of the materials oonipesiuglt. If you wore to go down into the parqniitto nt this theatre, nnd toll the first man you met that Lird Byron's ' Don Juan,' tho egcud of ' Lurline,' and tho ballad of *' Lord Bateraan,' severally constituted their quota of pabulum whereof this burlesque was composed, le would hnrdly thank you for tho information. But if, befjre the commencement of tho piece, you should detail to him the story such as it is, ho would rest your debtor. He would thu9 1 o glad to know tint a retired pirate, Laurbro' by name, hail a daughter, by name Haidee, whose real sweetheart was tho Lord Batoman nforcsiM, bat whoso hand was claimed by a terrible burca'jeer kuown by tho dorcriplivo appellation of Desperado, a vory proper naino indeed for a pirato. That this Uwloss centlemsn had such » claim upun the rotired individual that ho got his consent, and nlnn his daughter, and that he c»n led off both the lady and her accepted lovor in his vessel, but that, Imvintrdonc thic, he was h!m3olf carried off, tho English nobleman having first gone to tho bottom of the soa in company with a charming creature in grcon, hut that everything wus satisfactorily arranged at last, tbe rover coming to deservod confusion, and all tbe gjod pcoplo getting tho extent of thoir wishes. Having boon made aware of all ho w&s; likely to seo, he wonld, if ho worn a dull mm, ba rather glad to havo somo of the jokoi eic iilaitiCd, and if ho were a roan tho reverse of dull, io would nt least lie grtitiflod to have Eorae bedy to laugh with him. But, as w* havo raid, ho would not care to know anything of tho proceia by which (ho jokes nro manu factured, any more than tho world is grateful to the author of tho ' Eavon,' for telling bow ho pat togothcr that most oxqui.-itoly wild, wcird-like, nnd sufrgostlve of poems, Pur it ia in writing nnd in noting, aa it is in many things bisido. Tho world profers to judgo by rosult', rather than according to the modo by which thoy aro brought nhont. It does not oven greitly concern itself, nowadays, to know thf occrets bshind tho curtain; it only ns«ures itself that acting is as much a busincs as any other occupation to which men devote thomsclvcs ; bo that it admires tho charming croaturcs which pcoplo tliin burlesquo, without troubling itself to know how they get themselves up, what par ticular rules of art they employ to Intensify their natural attract ivenosB,' and to what decree they may saftly oxaggornto tho nceesooriea of colour, without spoiling ^'dd apjiCt by oxtravaganoe of elnboiatiun. Tht'o'.-, vnroadly states its likes or Its dishkc9, and V/non it 6ays it ia highly nutlcfUd with Jli-ia Rose Edouin, an tho (lapiior ' tigir;' that it la Ia lovo with Misa .Tulin Mnf i— -? as my lord Bateram t Umt (t thtuKs SIlss Naylor tho most comfortable looking waiting-maid that «ouM by possibility nttend upon a retired pirate's daughter; thnt Miu Harriot Hilljdon, a soa nymph and debutante, in picturesque and graceful as tin nne,aud undoubtedly successful ns tho oth?r ; that Ml '3 Marian Dunn in pleasant, yivneioup. and solf- fOSBeaiod ; that Mr. Fawcett u .an good as ovpr, and eomelhlup; bettor, na tho Uovor; and that all tho rest of tho characters in the piece do their very be3t to make it 'eo:' it is uu donhtedly right in nil essential pnrtioularu, nud perhaps eaves itsolf a good deal of unnccrB3»ry trouble, which exceptionally critioal people o.Docuutor, in their endeavours to bo analytical nnilo\ncnlr,r. Thusalsa tho world will pronounce upon Mr. Tom Taylor's now ploy of 'The Tkket-of-Lcnvo Hon.' It will any, perhaps, nnd 8-ty rightly, that it reads a highly instructive moral lesson ; nrd, having gone bo far reflectively, Ic will content ilscltwith conslderiag tho Btory. Ami th'.s tells how that n young man from the country got into bal company, in Londun ; that lie was invoiglctl Into passing a forged uolo; that ho waa tnhcu up, tried, and sentenced to be imprisoned for seven or moro years; that ho w.\b let out with a tlckot-uf-leiwe ; thut Ir's antecedents and his tnemies together, preven'od his obtaining nn hoiicst livelihood, although he was greatly aided by tho veriest trump of a wonun, who r*m«!ncd faithful as only women can remain faithful; and that when on the point, npparontly, of going again to tho had, ho came oat ot nil hiB difficulties, by proving that In his heart ho was nn honest man. Tho world will -ay further, that Mr. Fawcett personated this character with romi.tkablo HUccess ; that it is not in hlsliuo, but that ho goes out of his lino some time?, an! docs it so woll, that ono won dor» really what . his' lino.' renlly Is, and whether oxtromoly light comedy, is, after nil, the thing in which, ho shines tha most. Further, tho world ' wiU commend,; mhI justly too, 'tho excellent aoting . cf Miss ltoso IMouin ijs tho devoted woman juBt rpr.kqinf; a'ao, wi(!) liko reason, that of MUi. Ju'ia Uatuews, as a piccocious boy, so like a boy, in fmt, aa almost to deceive her greatest od-nlref« ; and it will b::y nlso that 'Mr. Allon nch'oved n jointed success as a dotcctive, who sssames difguisos so woll that ho took the audionco by surprise, arid w&a; called on to be coinplimoutod in the middlo of on net, n vory nnu-ujl compliment indeed. It will say, too, if it. speaks fairly nnd honestly, that thin pieco dxs tho author o edit, nnd that it would he a good thing for the Btngo if wo had raora of tho tamo kind, and that tho management of this theatro U to bq complimented for having solocleil it, nnd for having brought it out bo creditably, a'l things considered. Perhaps tho public would further oxpresa Itself on a subjeot not noeesiarlly connootod with tho partlouhr l-roduction of nny ono (loco, but which ouneornB tho drama anil tho theatre generally. It will, if it hns observed closjy enough, diacovor that no nnocaalty now exists for plays to bo too oartfully cluborate nt tho termination, l'or though it him gouerally boon aald, that dramatic Authors find one ot thoir clilof ilifBouliies in putting in tho l»9t linos of their picoos, it will bo ronfewied that now Jhoy need be wider no euch diffiulty; in this colony, at least. Thuy have simply to write at thatpoint whoiotliod- moucnn;nt Is to take ])!nco, 'ail libitum, whilo the audienca ingoing od.' ' Forit seomn that tho ordinary incda adopted in assemblies, other than thoso thcatricil, 13 not fiiitod to tho tastes, or habits, or prejudices, or by wlmtovor otbor terra their motives aro to bo described, of nudienccs who witueea dramatia performances. It is osaentUl to git up and quit a neat thrco minutes boforo tha curbin falls, so that tho conclusion ot any piece lust on tho programme la repr.scntod la dumb show. Tho denouement may bo of tho most special Interest, tha lant scone may he vitally neceBBftry; ^o '» propor nnilorataniiing of the plot. Tho eoorotol the myslory may be hiddon iu the fear lniauttu that terminate tho ploy. But the iihprratfra requiromonU of tho audlenco nro rigorously exacting, Pcoplo must Icavo bsf.'.re the ploce is finlahod. The couclud in/» Boijtenccs of _ the dialogue aro Inevitably assorl.ited with rnstllug, and atimulnir, and push ing, and getting away. There- Ib thus no ronl nooosslty for an author to trouble blmiolf about tho wiad-np. Ho may leave It to ohance, and be no loser. ' A belief exists that tbe railway arrangements neevssitato tlilsproclputo departuro, ami tbat tho suburban theatro-goers are iiocen eitntcil to bmnk up tha conclusion of the piocea 'with mo9t admired dteordor.' : But, If thin be tlie c\sc, then it would aoom that more than half of our nudirncea livo In tho tuburbB. It la ono of tl:oij questloni, which', like man's alleged descent from monkeys, may bo discussed with a show ot probability on either Bido, bnj whioh, Ij not quite olear for 'till that,' and, there fore, it requlrcB further explanation. Tho faot, howovor, is now nuted, and, pending the settle ment of the i| ami Ion of Its necessity, tbe orderly part of tbe uudicnoe desires here to looord its protest against tbo custom. 