TOPICS OF THE DAY. After a smart discussion on Friday, the sum of £100 was voted in aid of the Servants' Home in King William-street. It was objected to on the ground that semi-official establishments never work well, and that either the Government should establish a Ser vants' Home and Registry Office on a proper basis, or leave the whole matter to private enterprise. Complaints were also made that great partiality wae shown as respects subscribers and non-subscribers dearong of hiring servants (or, as the Committee pre> , fcr to epell it—? hireing "—?ervanto). However, on j ? division, the vote was carried by a majority of 6, and we hope the institution will now be in a position to purchase a new notice-board, with the inscription properly spelt. The residents of Glenelg will be pleased to learn that the Post-office at that locality will be retained at the usual place, the House having decided against the amalgamation of the office with the Telegraph Station. The £1,000 for increasing tbe salaries of Local Court clerks and making some allowance to Magis trates, was finally passed in the House on Friday. We have received by telegraph, and publish in another column, a list of the winners of the five races run in Melbourne, on the first day of the Victorian Jockey Club Spring meeting. We regret, however, to see that the name of Mr. Hurtle Fisher does not appear as owner of any of the winning horses. He has, however, entered several horses for the second day's races, in which we trust he may be more successful. We ?re glad to notice the establishment of a Fenny Savings Bank in the colony, as we believe it will have a beneficial effect in inducing many, especially young people, to " look after the pence." Although etarted under the auspices of the Wesleyan Mutual Improve ment Association, its benefits can be enjoyed by every one in the country. Subscriptions from a penny to Is. at a time are received every Monday evening at the Pirie-street Wesleyan room. In the Insolvent Court on Friday J. Denman was granted a second-class certificate, and die final hear ing of W. Hodges was adjourned for a month. A ease came before the Police Court on Friday, of considerable importance to chemists, connected with the sale of poisons under the Poisons Act, No. 6 of 1882\. The second section of that Act provides that all chemists " before the delivery of any poison to a purchaser shall enter or cause to be entered in a fair and clear manner, in a book to be kept for that pnr pose, in the form set fortU in the schedule to this Act, or to the like effect, a statement of each sale, with the name of the poison so sold, the quantity thereof, the purpose for which such poison is required or stated to be required, the day of the month and year of sale, and the name, place of abode, and condition or occu pation of the purchaser and of the witness in all cases, as well as the age of the purchaser, and the person selling such poison is hereby required and authorised to enquire of the purchaser before the de livery to each purchaser of the poison sold, and such entry shall in every such case be signed by the per son making the same, and shall be also signed by the purchaser unless such purchaser proves to be unable to write, in which case the person tnaHng the entry shall do it," &c; TSow, although this clause refers to a form in the schedule, by some oversight of the draftsman of the Act, although there are columns for the name, quantity, and date, there is none for the otber particulars mentioned in clause 2, the omission of which renders a seller subject to a fine. In the case before the Police Court on Friday a book was produced, with an entry, in the form of the schedule, and the defendant's counsel, Mr. Boucaut, contended that the clause was inoperative if a person, soldin the form of the schedule; but although the case was not settled upon that point, His Worship ex pressed Us opinion that unless the particulars men tioned in the clause were observed, that the seller would be liable to the fine, and intimated that chemiste could easily protect themselves by adding a column in the form for the insertion of the full par ticulars required by the clause. We have thought it proper to draw attention to this matter, as it was mentioned in Court that not one chemist in town is in the habit of putting into writing the particulars required by the clause, considering a compliance with the form in the schedule sufficient. The last Gazette contains a list of the Commis sioners appointed by the Judges for taking affidavit* in the Supreme Court of this province, which will be extremely useful to the members of the legal profes sion, who have often found a difficulty in knowing the names of Commissioners, particularly in the country and out of the colony. In those places in which Local Courts have been established the Special Ma gistrates, or more frequently the clerks, have been ap pointed Commissioners, and these appointments will greatly facilitate the discharge of business. We notice that James Win. Macdonald, Esq., is etyled iv the new list, *'? Judge of the Insolvent Court," and not" Commissioner of Insolvency," bis more nsnal title. We find from the Record that a ca9e having been laid before Sir Hugh Cairns, Q.C., and Dr. Archibald Stephens, QC, with reference to the rumoured ap pointment of Bishop Trower to the see of Gibraltar, those eminent counsel have decided that Scotch Bishops are not competent to fill colonial sees. The following is the opinion:—" We are of opinion that^ under the letters patent creating the Bishopric of Gibraltar, as under ell letters patent which the Crown has been in the habit of issuing for the creation of colonial eses, tbe person 'named and appointed* by the Crown must be also 'canonically ordained and consecrated thereunto* by the Archbishop of Canter bury according to the' form and usage of the United Church of England and Ireland ;' and that, inasmuch as Dr. Trower, being already a bishop of the Scottish Episcopal Church, cannot comply with these coadi tion?, he would not, if appointed to the office of Bishop of Gibraltar, be competent to discharge tbe epiritoal functions of a bishop of the United Church of England sod Ireland in that see.—H. M. Cubits ; A. T. Stephens. Lincoln's Tnn, July 24,1863." On Friday evening, October 23rd, the Rev. C. Colwell delivered an exceedingly interesting lecture upon the Wonders of the Heavens, in the Pine-street Lecture Hull, before the Wesleyan Mutual Improve- ment Society. There was a very large attendance of the friends and supporters of the Society. The Rey. J. Wateford, President of the Association, occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer to the meeting. The lecture, which was very instructive and interesting, was delivered in Mr. Colwell's usual happy and humorous manner, was listened to very attentively, and at its conclusion a vote of tfnmV? to the lecturer was proposed by Mr. Cotton, seconded by Mr. John Colton, M.P., and carried unanimously. A. similar complixnfint to the Chairman closed the meeting. Oar Caliington correspondent, under date 20th October, saya that the result of the workings on the Bremer Mine daring the month continue to be of as favorable a nature as the report given for last month's summary. They hare recommenced to sink the engine shaft under the 53 fathom level. The ground driven in three weeks in the 53 end eonth is only two fathoms, in consequence of the lode being so very wet; it is, however, good, and is going off to the east. In the 53 north a elide has come in easing the ground very much, and improving the lode for ore, facilitating the driving to cut the bunch gone down in the bottom of the 43 fathom level. They are novr within about eight fathoms of Lean's Shaft in the 43 end. The ore ground throughout this level is good, and large quantities are laid opes for stoping. As the lode is very wide in some places, the timbering is expensive, and takes up considerable time in pitting in the stutts. The lode in the winze sank north of the big bunch in the 33 level is about three feet wide, and gives about two tons of ore per fathom. The etopes on the back of the 33 are Etui good, but getting very thin. Lean's Shaft is down five fathoms under the 33 level; lode small bat good. Building the engine pool, occupying several hands, has prevented a larger return of ore being made; the quantity this month is only 180 tons, fiegulus returned by the smelting works 48 tons, of over 50 per cent. The following is a summary of the Bailway traffic for the week ending 17th October:—Port Line— Passengers, 4367, £188 93. 4d.; goods, 708 tons, 9 cwt. 2 qrs. 17 lbs, £178125. lid.; tolls on North Line, goods passing over Port Line, 369 tons, 10 cwt. 2 qrs., £24 12s. Bd.; total goods, £203 ss. 7d. Total Port Line, £391 14s. lid. North Line—Passengers—l,243, £310 3s. Od,; goods 1,607 tons 6 cwt. 2 qrs. 21 lbs., £960 7s. Bd/ ; less tolls as above, £24 12s. Bd. Total goods, £935 15s. Od. Total North Line, £1,245 18s. Od. Grand Total, £1,637 12s. lid. The drama of "Susan Hopley" was repeated at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evening. The ghost scenes were far better managed than on the previous night, and in (act were very successful. The truth is that on the first night the novelty of the illusions was so great that the very actors seemed to be a loss in performing with so new an auxiliary. Now, how ever, that the mechanism has begun to work satisfac torily we may expect a nightly improvement in the effects produced, and the public ought to avail them selves of the few opportunities that will be afforded them of seeing this very clever invention. To-night, in addition to "Susan Hopley," which will be repeated as the piece de resistance, an interlude will be performed entitled "Fifteen minutes with the Ghost, or Spirited Beratniscencea of a Fancy Ball," in which a number of comic ghosts will be intro duced. Ereatttm. —In our police report of Thurs day's proceedings there was an error in the case of Harrison, charged for burglary, who was dismissed, not because, as it would appear from our report, that only a case of housebreaking was proved, but on the ground that there was no proof that Harrison committed the felony. 