THE EVERSLEY0" :OST, HOW IT APPEARED ON CHRISTMAS NIGHT, A OHRISTMAS SKETCH. aY T$E AlTrrBOR .OF "tIazoTroN MANO,." What do Tasmanians know of the pleasure of":Christmas? How is' it possible that they should, except by tradition ? They continue the' old' formality of wishing one another a merry Christmas, little thinking what a mockery it sounds to English ears, when the summer heat is sweltering over all the dark bosh-covered hills, when the air resounds with the " trill" of the locusts (which of itself con. voys a feeling of indescribable heat) and the screams of the paroqueot, while the mosquitoes will drive you to a state of semi-madness with their bites, and "the thermometer will show 90 0 in the shade; while the sun is shining ddwn with a tropical glare upon the yellow, grass, and upon gardens filled with lovely flowersand ripest of fruit dying by the heat. 'They are accustomed to all this, and they do not appreciate the fact that to Euglish eyes there is something unnatural in the blossom. ing of geraniums and roses at this festive season, and that for the time being holly and, mistletoe would be much more lovely. Howl can we believe that this is Christmas Day,i this day which breaks about three o'clock in the morning instead of remaining dark till seven; and that does not depart till nine o'clock in the evening, all the time being fearfully hot instead of being white and frosty and invigorating? It is indeed no wonder, thtt Tasmanians do not keIp Christmas as in the old country; for who could eat the in ordinate amount of plum pudding expected of him, when the aforesaid thermometer is at; the aforesaid D6 o in the shade? And as for athletic sports ! Pho: the very thought tkes one ready to expire with heat! But if my Tasmanian readers are not afraid of so long a journey, and will accom any me to the dear old mother country ; ah, nd right into its heart-to the little village of Eversloy, lying in the centre of one of the Midlaind Counties, I ,will show them a Christmas of a different character. Everaley is one of those pretty little strag. gling villages, full of old houses and neat cot toges, which are only to be seen in the Mid land Counties. In summer it is a wilderness of roses; now it looks rather bleak; but every cottage has its hollybush and laurels, so that the look of desolation caused by the absence of green leaves is somewhat taken off. There are plenty 6f the broad shady trees about, which are so essentially English, but now these do but rub their leafless branches together with a harsh cracking sound. And if my readers will put themselves tluder my g6idancis f a slo abe thels e will oinmence our Christmas Day at Everaley. It is a glorious frosty morning, about half past thlireo o'clork, the stars are high up and shining. with intense brightness, their light being rarified by the cold of the atmosphere. It is cold; there is no mistake about that. We can see our breath curling nip in white streaks into the darkness, and the sound of our feet rings out from the frozen ground like horses' hoofs; but it is an invigorating Hiealthy cold, and we wrap our great coats round us with a feeling of life, bounding life leaping through our veins with our tast ilow ing blood. See, there is Evorsley Lano; dreary enough, looks the white road running betweeh the leafless hedges dimly seen in the darkness; ·o? either side runs a small stream, almost a 'ditch,,which is frozen as hard as iron. Oh, there will be some rare skating in the park to- day, after Church-time. Her, is the turning where 'the lane ends and the village street begins. From here we can see down the whdlo' village, which is terminated by the church, its ' tower standing darkly. out from, the starlit sky. There, on that side, the long rambling build ing is the oldest botse in the place, excepting 'th'Hall; it is the village inn, the Eversloy Arms, which has been kept by the same family almost as long as' the. Eversleys have had the Hall; and opposite to this venerable building we can see a mass of leafless trees, and two barge white gates. That is the entrance to the avenue of the Hall-tlte manor house of Eveorsly. But look-one or two of the cot 'ago doors open, even at this early hour, and the yellow light of the candles in the houses streams through the open, doors out on the 'white road. ,Thrde or. four men come out of these houses, wrapped up very warmly, and one bf.them is tuning a fiddle; .the. others carry uhusical instrumente under their arms. They wish each other.a merry Christmasi, and tell their "missesess," who are standilg at the cottage doors, to "go in, or they'll eateh the rhenmatic." Thse',aro the " waits" come to welcome Christmas morning with music and gladness. 'See,they bend- their.steps 'to the Hallfilrst, and we will follow them up the lonig avenue nearly half; a mile long, till we' find ourselves in front of the old building, looking grey pnd dark-in the misty starlight.'i This left wing is the inhabited one; the right wing running off at right .angles with. the body of the bnuilng is the. oldest part of it, and is called the I.haunted wing." . I need not tell you after.that, that it is uninhabited. SHrkl . There is thoefst note of the carol thiit'they sing I How well their voices sound in the stillness of the mornidng (night I had almot?tsaid) ; hut they would sound better if that detestable' violin ?iwold not accompany theor in another koy. Never inind, that is an acid nt'peenliar tb villagne seio. r'dw for tle "inistletoe'.bough"-'-thatear old tale which is almost told 'teio 'miusio- so will am 6tir mtisic'and words known to Eiihish ears. This is instriioentai"'Eito, and-sounds better than the voices; the other lnutoinientl having'accommodated themselves rto thoefraotor ,violin's key. :So, that is 'lone; j?id now listen. They are wishing `overy-riember of-tlie family in turn a happy now-year and a merry Ohristmas. One of them, from habit, wishes "Master Fred a merry Christmas' and a happy Now Year," but is instantly silencod by a loud hush from the others; while he.himself exclaims "look, look there: he's at the haunted window." Upon which they call their companion a fool, and walk'away down tire avenue rather fast, talking in hlow tone of Master Fred. There is evidessly a mystery about Master Fred which we murt discover in the course of the day. Now we leave the park, and go with tihe Waits up the village, in various parts of which they stay and play, and wish the in. habitants tihe compliments of the season. Now their work is over, and they return home, talking amongst themselves of those who have been taken within the last twelve months, to whom last Christmas Day they wished a happy new year. It is now nearly five, and other cottage doors open, and 'again tile yellow vandle-light attearms into the frostr road, as tiree or four men issue from their respective houses; they, like the others, are warmly wrapped up, and stamp their feet against the hard ground as though endeavoring to quicken the circulation of their blood. It will be very cold to-day. Even now we can almost see their nreath freeze as it issues from their mouths. One of the men carries a lantern and a hugo key. They bend their steps towards the church, and having unlocked the door, enter the belfry. Do you know who these are ? You shall soon be told by themselves. Hark1 there is your answer, to be found in that merry peal, ringing out in the frosty air and still morning, loud, and sweet, and clear. Eversley is very proud of its peal of bells, and very joyous they sound to many of the inhabitants this dark Christmas morning. Not to all, though. There are some, many, to whom that peal of bells brings a feeling of intense pain recollections of old faces that are gone, old voices that are hushed, old foot-treads that are silent: they remember the time when the owners of those voices had hearkened and doe lighted in the merry Christmas peal, and think with inexpressible sadness that they are gone, and have left earth very desolate to those who loved them. So, many lie awake this dark morning, listening with choking throat, tearful eye, and desolate heart to the joyous peal as it rings through tire stillness of the morning; taken bark by its sound to old days and old faces, the present is forgotten in dreams of the past, and "'The leavee of memory seem to make A mournful rustling isn ith dark." But thank goodness this is not the effect pro duced upon all by those ringing notes. See, tihe lights are beginning to gleam in many of the cottage windows: tilhe bells have roused the inhabitants to the fact of its being Christ oan Day, lsaha trel re beginning to bestir themselves. Now the rich red glare shining through the windows shows that the fires are being lighted. The poorest will have a tine fire to-day-tihe Squire takes care of that; and the smoke begins to curl up white against the still dark blue sky from many a cottage chimney. The cottage doors open, and out pour a stream of hooded and plaided children, with faces red and shining from the extra amount of yellow soap applied to them in honor of the day. They are going up to the Hall to-day to sing Christmas carols outside bliss Eversley's window; and they are headed by two or three big girls to lead them. How the ground resounds with the patter of their little feet us they trot along, and how their merry laughs ring out. They are blithe enough to-day, for have they not the wholo live-long day of pleasure and feasting before them ? There is one of them, though, whose mirth is more subdued than thn thothers. She is thinking of a sister who was last year one of this merry group, and whose little grave is now covered with tho hard white frost, near tihe hurch-yard gate. They have reached the Hall, and commence singing. How very sweet sound their childish voices as they sing the quaint old carol of " Good King Wenceslas." The window opens, and Miss Eversloy leans out and thanks them, and while they are singing another carol, she dresses and comes down and joins them. What a chorus of" Merry Christmasses" greets her, and how heartily she returns their kind wishes. It is evident that Miss Eversley is a favorite, and if her face is as sweet as her voice is, we do not wonder. It is yet too dark to judge for ourselves. The carol singing is over, and Miss Evemrley takes all the children to the church to see that the decorations are all in proper order. The people are already, you see, getting the long tables .up in the Park. The Squiro makes it a rule always to enter. tain the whole village on Christmas Day, and there will be some, capital fun in the Park after church time. It is now past seven o'clock, and the stars begin to die away shining brightly to the last through the frosty air, as, though determined to die game. In the east, the sky is covered with a bright rosy tint which throws its light over the white frosted fields and the frozent lake. How beautiful, in spite of the desola tion, is the scene in its own way, that the day discloses; all the old timber in the park is as white as snow, the ground beneath it, tile sur. face of the lake, the old hall, and even Welby Church spire, visible over the trees about 'four miles distant, are crusted with a hard white frost, which is just tinted with the pink morn ing glow. The huge red disk of the sun is beginning to appear above the eastern hills, diffusing light, but not a particle of heat. The people are beginning to move about the village now, and pleasant greetings are ox. changed'by qheory voices, neighbors run in to look' at each other's decormtioas, and to discuss the. coldiar of thd Wireeather. The yonoger part of the Eve1raley population are busy talk. big in knots,--the girls, healthy and warmiy dressed, their pretty faces glowing with the cold; and the lads in gorgeous satin waist coats (only reserved for Christmas Day and ' the servants' ball at the Hall)from thepokoets of which little sprigs of mislottoo peep out; for the lade of Eversloy are a prudent race, and go prepared for any favorable opportunity that may present itself. The morning wears on, and Miss Everaley returns home to breakfast. We can catch a glimpse at her face as she pases; it is a pretty, fair) face with lovely soft brown eyes, and sweet smiling month. She is very young, and looks in bright spirits as she trips up the village street, returning salutations on every side offered to her. The carol singers also re turn home, and the village for an hour or so is silent while the breakfasting is going on. Meanwhile lot us stroll down and look at the exterior decorations of the Church. There is a tasteful arch of holly over the gate of the. church- yard, and over the door is another,, arch of evergreens. Every window has its framework of holly, and it gives a pratty effect to the old building.' See, here is the little grave belongiltg to the sister of th9 carol singer ' told you of; and lock at the wreath of holly that is laid upon it. ' Evidently the dead sister is not forgotten by the living one, in the midst of her gladness. The village is astir again now, and the time passes swiftly enough, until it is getting near church time. They are spreading a magnifi. cent feast in the Park, and the little villagers strain their eyes to catch a glimpse through the white gate of the good things wherewith they will by-and-by be regaled. Hark ! There goes the first church bell, and we shall have the whole village turning out in a moment. 1 told you so-here they come. How bright and cheery every one looks.as they come tramping and stamping on the ground to keep their feet warm. How con. scious the girls look, of their new bonnets and cloaks; and what satisfied glances the young men bestow upon their satin waistcoats. Down the street they come and flock into the old church-yard, and range themselves on either side of the pathway, in order to greet the Squire and his party, who are just issuing from the Hall gates. And while they are coming, the villagers talk about the family, and more especially about Master Fred. " What is this about Master Fred ?" we ask an old rustio who is sitting on the gate shaking his head about something the violin player of the waits is telling him. "Why Sir," we are answered, " you see the Squire had an only son, Master Fred, and cared a mortal deal for himn, bit they were both high spirited, and often came to words. Upon one occasion, however, it cams to more than words, moro's the pity; you see it fell this way-When Master Fred was about fifteen, he fell in love with a very pretty girl in the villago,-n good for nothing slut she was, as run off with a recruiting ser. geant afterwards. Well, this cum to the Squire's oare, and he wasmortal angry, for the girl was a bad girl and he knowed it. So he tells Master Fred that lie's not to go near the house any more. Master Fred replied im porent like, till they both got warm blooded, and the Squire struck Master Fred, who returned the blow. No sooner had he done it, though, than he was dreadful sorry, but the Squire would not pardon him, and Master Fred, stung to the quick by having sued in vain forpardon, disappeared the next morning, no one knoew where. Miss Lina and the Lady took it on mortal bad, but the Squire is silent-like about it, and won't let any one mention the poor lad's name.' "I wonder what's become of him," we say, but the old man shakes his head. " I've my: doubts, I have; he's dead most likely; Jessie Blades, here, says as how he saw his ghost at the haunted window this morning when he was a playing the " mistletoe bough," and the. Everslcy Ghost has been seen flitting through, the haunted wing of late. These are signs, depend upon it,-thcse are signs." We would like to ask the old man what was the Everslcy Ghost, but the Squire and his party enter the Churchyard, and we pause to observe them. The Squire and Mrs. Evorsley come first; he is a tall handsome man, with a cheery ex pression of face that makes us almost doubt the story of his hardness to Master Fred, but there is a determined look about the thin closed lips, which denotes great firmness of purpose. He is smiling pleasantly upon all the villagers as he returns their loud greet ings. Mrs. Eversley is a very fragile looking woman, with a sweet soft face like her daughter's. There comes Miss Eversley, look ing as pretty as she did this morning; and by her side walks a handsome fair young man, with a laughing blue eye, who is dressed very well, and who has n decidedly aristocratic bearing. He is making Lina laugh at some thing lie is telling her, with his quaint man. ner; and one would imagine that he admired his companion's eyes very much from the way be looks into them. Who is this, we wonder, and turn to our old rustic friend for informn.' tion, who tells us that it is Lord Stoughton, ih: quondame friend of Mr. Eversley's, who has come down to spend his Christmas with'hia old friends. This couple are followed by a long line ofrelations and friends of the Squire,. who are all, apparently, in the highest: spirits. And now they all flock into Church, and we will follow. The decorations are very pretty indeed, be. ing wr?aths of ivy and holly round' the old pillars and over the Communion rails. The windows are all decorated in the same manner. The service proceeds much as on other days, with the exception that the choir sing the - dear old hymn, " When shepherds watclied their flocks by night;" and we remark tflat wicked Lorl Stoughtoi sirreptitioiisly polket one of the hymn books in order that he might be obliged to look over Miss Evcrsley's. The sermon is preached, tho.blesaing giveii, siid we move soberly out of Church. Tihe Squire stops in the Churchyard a moment as he says, "I' " an9,t ?ouon, ;my friends, that I ox' p poýedy.9li pl n: Park. to.day; the sooner yo opa'o t hebettor;" and then without i t ofor tih chorus of thanks that greets n hierlsgtn , hle and his party leave the a gra o I lanotherl hulf hour we . re in p the'r?'kt ,nd.pe allU our village friends sit: tI 5'9 ?o .ii t frty Jair to plates of hot tI pe~a g c- ? , tu.stunally, wrms them and d re , epr iit able to go.: in for the t. a V? nela ip,, n {plenty on thi table. It 'sip'to~ ahes of ,,holly aru spicad all si doaiooa and how curious the long '1 tabh1 ' n thie open.air look this frosty day. b The natlt'o plum puddings all on fire, I for ti~.5 o :wial, keep up,old customs, and it how o w nypsdeor at the amount that those 5 jovttl8e prp atq cap put awdy. And now. o: dinn is oyr... pand everybody' adjourns to C the kti ,being the principle c S iwithi the rest of'the guests to it the a 1qt1 p looa on. Heo is tbo g b o ~otwaterh o wa icr looki d o pretty in a the .ii erh itaolupt'ripples and, aweeping h will p? j,,,,l?anks, ,wihk its dancing lights a mad p }cogll aht4ows, with its bullrushes a and ??.er !ihes. , ow ditffrent it looks nows wlth' bruoad.,pheet of ice, frosted with' whilit, and m?.?.,on, qvery, silo with skates; the a lilierll igonae long enough ago, andl the t wil'um ro n thing.but skeletons. But lhow a ani the' ,, eno ie-look at the skiters a how teyfly nlonig : lh, there is nothing like t akatig,?' an amusement. Ti skim along I the %faco of the .frozen. water, seeming to t mo,,??thou, touching anythine, is an t ec atýi'f mobtion w rich must he felt to be t Imalns '. p I inust more nearly resemble fly- I ing ti~ anythling also that I know of, but a even'ni;'t7,coulsl not cause the excitement o atatipJ 7d9s.: . It could not send the bhp,-l a aurgt? oilfugli your veins in hot torrents as n ukisý.?g.over the smooth surface, you feel li inclinri~ shout with excilement and enjoy- I1 ment~ ansd...shout our village friends do, at with 'lotid, laughter they play all sorts of c pranlks."yith tio frozen water, while the g femas '" Q'ton stand on the outer edge of the ice an !look on ahost as niuch amused. t There' are plenty of . tumbles, too, v but 'tlosoe only excite merriment i as a ~pral rule, although there are some ex- r ceptioqne. ; am sure that. fellow goes down I on purpo to oexcito commiseration," we t hear ?Sotpughton remark to Lina Evers- % ley, pb.,tiog bt a handsome young rustio- who a is contai? y hfalliug-" 1. have noticed that he cuii hte well enough if ha pleases, but t whenover' le comes to a pretty girl he falls, I and limps off towardls her,. pretending. to be dreadfullyi hurt." And we look towards the I lad inltitedd: y:his lordship, and sure enough I as soo`'.'s he gqtsqqar whcml Fanny Bell, the I pretties girl iin the village is standing, down i he goes,,nau limps up. to oer with an appear ance of is frigltful pmrain.; whereon we see I her pi tngITvok tlowid him, T aud is ohe bends h down 'to look at his hand which he pretends I is hnrt,,o, whispers something in her car which ?ritkes lier blush: and smile. " Even t these b?rtiiirians understand something of the art of flirting," remarks Lod .titoughton; "the fellow has; taste, too." And so ho Ias, r if his je~hoc of an inramorata can be taken as r an exaImple. She is very fair, with bands of I light ?rowni hair in some indescribable way put away beneath her bInnet; her features ar regular, her eyes large'and expressivec, and r her cop?plexion exquisite. There is a look of 1 dignifies raerve about her which is only par tially thawed by a half-pleased smile as she hears Lord. Stoughton remark--" What a very ?''tty :gii:, . who is :she?" and hears Miss Eorsloy's.anpswer, "the best girl in the whole village; Fanny Bell." There are other games going on now " Hunt the, slipper," "Little dog won't bite you," and a variety of others very well known to every one, 'and with them the afternoon wears on;, the darkness begins to set in, and tho'villagrsa begin to go home to get a little tidy foe the 'ball in the servants' hall in the evenin; the' Squ;ire and his party go in to dress for dinner; Lord Stoughton goes up to dress-hie' room is next the Squire's, and as beo probeods to invest himself with his evening dress, thinking the while of - well, never smind, we cannot tell what he-is thinking of, -he hears voices, tremulous voices, talking in the next room. " Oh, my boy, my poor boy," he hetr?s' Mrs Eversley say, "oh, William, why will you not pardon the work of a hasty moment ?" " Hush, Edith," Mr. Ioversloy replies,"''Deainst love of mine, I would par don him'linay, I would bear that blow agidiu if it twopld only bring him back." " That will noiei lo," Mrs. Eversley says with sobs; "I have. a presentimenat, that he is.,dead. That which Blales lhas spread alout the vil lags aboit'myJboy's face at the haunted win dow has' made me nervous, and I cannot but imagine that he is dead." " Nonsense, Edith darling," Dilr. Eversley replies, "he will re turn in time, and we will both learn to forgive and foi~et." "Poor Fred," says Lord Stoughtbsi, as he finally arranged his white tie beforo the glass, " I wish to heaven I could bring him back, if it were only to light up those glorious eyes of his sister." It is only a selfiah wish of the young peer's, after all, you seo. He descends the stairs and enters the draw. ing rooii which is filled with people, who imi talking'ind latighing together. It is before dinner, ?i that the lamps are nt lighted, and a bright glowing tiro conmposed jointly of wood 'and' coal sheds a cheery glow onitlhe"faces of the occupants of the room, on the liitiidsomo furniture, and on the holly decoratiOnis' thit are everywhere visible. There is plentyi'f'iitistletoe hanging about too, antd Lord Sttigliton looks at uniny of the pretty country girls who are in the rsom as if won-s. dering whether they would permit a certain old custom under the mistletoe. Ho knows that such a thing in his own circle in London would not be dreamt of for a moment; but then ho'thilis'"thbise amre country girls, and country girls will go a great way forther, and rmit far more than London ones will." v .[ts acurionas fat,:though, that while thinking f1 itthis astrain hoe never once thinks in that I nnmandr of Lins Eversaly, althoulgh she is also d acountry girl. After talking with several a pdople, he goes towards her, and commences a taking in a low tbnu to her, as sio stands by fi t firi and offers hlid hi' arli to take her tl dlwn 'to'dinnei, "vlletithit meal is announced, mi tothe evideht;dilgdst. of nimt'nyof thio young e: Inise,' arh'ngst wliim, the fishionable, hand.- i sohno young peer is somewhat of d "catch." w 'f1io dinner is strictly conventional-ronast s beef, turkeys, geese, and plum pudding. As so .I have before told you, Mr. Eversley always It owial keep up old customs, and as he always al twarns his guests that if they come they must ti oxeot Christmas cheer, and not French it, cookcry, Palis dre foia yras or Ragouts, they L cdanot, complain. Besides, what with the magnificent plato (old as tho Eversley family st :iltlf) with which the board is spread-the p god wines, the profuse decoratious, and the chqcj"ry welcome, the guasts. ~o ill. a .good humor .witlýthie dinner, imagining it to be C mItch handsomer tlhan it really is, on account of tli adjuncts I have mentioned. There is a, good deal of fun and, merriment at the table Old jokes are cracked by the same people who cracked them. last year in h the'samo place. A large amount of flirtations d are being carried on between the courses, and fi almost the only couple really quiet at the a table are Lord Stoughton and Miss Eversley. tl 'They are talking of pleasant Christmas days c tivo or three years before, of Fred, and a s thousand old recollections. Their conversa. si tioti would not be the least interesting to tl listen to, but we must hurry over dinner in tl order that the guests may got down in time to if open the servants' ball. See, the puddings tl and mince pies are discussed, the wine goes a merrily round with many a toast, and the ladies rise from the table, the gentlemen (at least the younger portion). following, and join the fairer sex in tile drawin-room ; and as the clock strikes nine they all proceed to the I great Hall, where the ball is held. to The great Hall is one of the oldest rooms in v the house, being in the right or haunted a wing; on one side are a door and fi a passage which lead to the hauntol t rooms, and it is about this passage that the n Eveialey Ghost is said to walk; but although I the time for lhgenls, we have nothing to do with this one, at any rate at prescent, but to c wilness the grand ball which makes thesombro t o!d rooms so gay and lively now. You see the great Hall is a very long.room and very ' lofty; it is pannelled with polished oak, which c g ows and glares in the red light cast by the e large wood tires which burn in the two fire- I places. Along the walls on each side ao large I portraits ot members of the Eversley lionmily, I painted in every age and by all sorts of artists. I By the side of a Lely or a Stolbein tlhere is e some vile daub that would disgrace a san. ni pasinter; but lthat does inot' miftter. Tlii pictures, on the whole, form a very fdir portrait gallery, and that is all we care about. With i out a portrait gallery an English country house is nothing; but tlere is asort ofguaran tee for the age of the family in a long array of canvas ancestors, no matter how indilberently executed they ny may be. All the pictures are to.night decorated with holly, and look very fierco about it, as though they thought an'un warrantable liberty had been taken with their dignity. At the upper and of the hallyou see there are three suits of armour. 'lThose be. lomnged to the three heroes of the Eversley race, and are not decorated with holly, hs being beneaull them, but each crest is surmounted Switlh i wreath of laurel. They are heirlooms of which the Squire is very proud, and lihe will not have them plac d with. The room is lighted with wax candles innumerable, and I from 'the contre of the cetiing hangs an old. I fashioned lamp, which is also an heirloom, and i which is only lighted on Christmas night From this hangs what to the rustics o is a far more interesting arrangement, enomely, a hugo bunch of mistletoe, a which the village lads regard with a broad o grin and the girls with a shy smile. There is a s linhugo iro at each end of the hall, round which g the oldelor villagers gather and exult in its r warmth. What a study for 'Rcmbrandt f, would that group of old men and chromnes be, iI with the red glow of the fire shining on their many-lined laces as they sit bowed over the , blaze, gossiping of old times and spreading y out their hands to catch 'the beat. All y round this room are standing the entire juve . nile population of Eversloy, with their faces n radiant at the thought of the coming fun, and it many of them ahleady intent on slaking love i; to the best of what Lord Stoughton would I. call " their barbarous ability." That group of I- stupendously dressed people at the upperend of n- the room is composed of the servants of the it hall and those of the guests staying there, and Ii as t' general rule these people are infinitely e- better dressed than their umast.rs. There is a io good deal of talking and laughing going on, d1 but there is a sudden hush as the, door opens to and the Squire and his guests enter the room, Id but after a few words of welcome from Mi'. pi Evers'oy, the noise again breaks out, the ly fiddlers begin tuning their fidd es, and every II, one seeks a partner for the opening quadrille. Htow pretty Fanny Bell look as an blush of v. pleasure overspread her countenance when e Lord Stoughton asks her to be hlis partner for re the first dance, and gives her his arm and id leads her away with as much respect as though of sloe wcrm the Lady Caroline MIortoo, ry the daughter of the Duke of Curnbercourt n, Linas Evoriley has tillen to the lot of the ly young rustic whoso designing fidls on the ice ro to.day won hinm so nrnny soft words of pity. id I They are the vis-a-vis to Lordl Stoughton and tFanny BoFll, and as they take their i- pt's at Is I.k of mutual pride passes between in the village lad annd lassie. The probability is vs that l herealter those two will be joined in ii holy matrimony, nd will talk in days to ut come of tloquadrillo which they danced with ild ,ord Stoghlton and Miss Eversloy.' Thue od Bquiro has got one of the buxom damon of the village, and Mrs. Eversley has one of tie frmers, for partners. Every one elsa.ha a tirtnor and the quadrille begins. The rustics. don't dance a quadrillo as we do. They oironette up and down the room, keeping up n .top the whole time. Lord Stoughton soon inds this out, and does the same thing with the grove-t face imaginable, much to the ,musement of Linn, who instantly follows his e~ample. How amusing it is to witclh the Sibes of that well dressed couple on the right, who are forming a aide to Lord Stoughton's set. Thogentlemadn is the youngpeer's valet, and the lady is Lardy Carolin. IIorton's lady's tnid. They have been dancing in the most approved stylo of languor to the utter extine tion of the more energetic rustics; and they are considerably disgusted when they see Lord Stoughton and Miss Evorsley dancing ' in that mountebank manner." as the valet says in an exceedingly disgusted tone to his partner. [To be continued.) 