MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Monday. Kebriiauv ?- i-rescnt-iiis worship the Mayor, and Coun cillors Kankin, Goode, Colton, Burnley, and Bowen. TOWN HALL. ilie minutes of a special meeting held on Friday, January 30, were read by the Town Clerk. It appeared that the object of the meeting had been to consider the designs for the Town Hall, ana having done this and approved of them, with a few alterations, which the Mayor was deputed to ,pomt out to the superintending architect, the meeting had adjourned. ii *-ri. ftASKDr feared the breaks proposed by Mr. » right in his plan would be an impediment to sound. The Mayor said that matter and other matters of detail with regard to the plan might still be dis cussed and alterations proposed. Mr. Bankin thought the subject should not be dismissed too hastily. They ought to consider the plans very carefully before arriving at a final decision. Mr. Colton could not understand that the plans were finally passed, as there might still be many matters of detail requiring alteration. Ihe subject was tuen dropped. ..r ACCOUNTS FOR 1SC2. Ihe Town Clerk reported that the accounts for the year ending December, 1802, had Deen audited, and certified duly correct. mi m EXl-EJ-'SIa OF THE CITY BATHS. The Town Clerk said it would be in the re membrance of the Council that the Government had desired to be furnished with a statement of what moneys hail been expended on the City Baths. He might state that the total cost of the building, including material, superintendence, ecc, had been £2,730, and the amount expended on them during the past year, including interest on overdraft at the] Bank, £i'J6. This return he would forward to the Government forthwith. PROGRESS OF THE GASWORKS. _A,Pnnted letter to the City Surveyor, from Mr. Iu B. Colley, Secretary to the Gas Company, was submitted^) the Council. It intimated that the Company intended, on the 1st February, to break 'P iaststreet, Brompton, the Port-road from Ihebarton to the City Boundary, aud from the City Boundary to King William-street, for the purpose of laying down gaspipes. . . 'he Town Clerk read the copy of a reply sent by the City surveyor, in which he requested in terms of the Act to be furnished with a plan specifying to what extent they intended to break up the streets. Mr. Rankin believed the Company were em powered by the Act to break up the streets for the purpose of layiug pipes without consulting the Council at all. The Town Clerk said it was necessary to give notice of their intention to the City Surveyor, aud to supply him with such a plan as he had applied to he furnished with. . The City Survkvor said he believed it was the intention of the Gas Company to lay the pipes auout two feet deep, and under the footpaths, except in places were streets required to be crossed. The Town Clerk, at the request of the Conncil, read from the Act the clauses referring to the sub ject, after which the discussion lapsed. _ COHItESI'ONDENCli ?'? ,P2U' .applied for payment for 15 yards of metal, furnished under Conway's contract, beyond the !X) yards, at the rate of 4s. per yard. Ihe City Surveyor said he had not ordered any extra metal for the contract. The letter was simply received. I1. T. Menz ; wrote, begging permission to extend the roof of the two-storey house he was building nmu inches over the footpath. To be complied with; work to be done to the satisiaction of the City Surveyor. J. F. Mellor, on behalf of the West Adelaide Cricket Club, asked to be allowed to practise on the West Park Lands. Granted. C. Jacobs and others wrote, requesting that one nalfot the drays standing in Currie-street should be removed to sUind on the middle of the roadtvay in llrenfell-street. To he referred to the Inspector, with instructions to carry out the request enclosed. B. H. Biibhagc wrote, recommending concrete a3 the best material for building the Town Hall, and ofienng to superintend the works for an amount of remuneration proportionate to the saving gained by the Council adopting his suggestion. lieceived and to be acknowledged. JIKM0RIAL. A memorial was received from proprietors and dnvew of vehicles plying between Adelaide and Alagill, requesting permission to return to the stand they formerly occupied opposite Stephens phice, und asking to 1« allowed to remain there until residents in the ncighotirhood intimated that their presence was disagreeable. A memurial from various merchants and persons residing near Stephens-place, supporting the prayer of the above, wits' also received. Inferred to the Public AVorks Committee. COMPLAINT ACAINST A LICENSED DRIVER. — Magec, a licensed driver, was called forward to hear a charge preferred against him by Mr. llankin. _ Mr. Kankin said he went out on New Year's Day to look for an omnibus, intending to take his wife and family down to the Bay. Seeing the defendant s hus near ho asked him if he was going to the Bay. He replied that would depend on whether he could get a sufficient number of pas sengers. He stated his price,, which he (Mr. llankm) told him he thought was too high. Magee said, 'As you only go out once a year 1 won't go with you now.' Being inucli vexed at what lie considered a very offensive expression, lie deter mined, as a citizen, to bring the matter before the Council, for he felt that such conduct on the part of drivers ought to he put a stop to. ' _llr. Maoee offered no statement in extenuation of what he luul said. He admitted making use of the expression, but stated that Mr. liankin had previously insulted him, havinf llown into a passion when he announced the charge, and said that the drivers were too independent. Mr. Colton thought it would be sufficient to admonish the driver and caution him against re peating the offence. Mr. liooDE laiew the drivers were generally in dependent on holidays. He thought it would have been sufficient had the driver acknowledged his error and apologized to Mr.Sankin; but as he seemed to attempt to justify his conduct Mr. Kankin ought to he allowed an opportunity of substantiating his charge by the matter being re ferred to the Public Works Committee. Mr. Kankin said it would occasion him con siderable espouse to summon witnesses before the Works Committee, His Worship thought it would be sufficient to caution the driverand give him to understand that if he repeated the offence he would be deprived of his licence. For the future it would be well for him to remember to treat the public as he wished to be treated himself. Mr. Kankin expressed himself satisfied with the caution administered, and Magee thanked His Worship and retired. ,. «u TENDERS. f '?*» For supply of 5,000 cubic yards of metal m Ade laide there were three tenders. That of McNamee and Co., for 5,000 yards of grey metal, to be deli vered in South Adelaide at 7s. per yard, and in Ivorth Adelaide at 7s. 5d. petard, was accepted. H13 tender for blue metal was— to be delivered in South Adelaide, 7s. 3d. ; and in North Adelaide. 7s. 3d. The other tenders were— 1st, delivered east of King William-street, 7b. Id. ; west of King William-street, 7s. 2d. ; at North Adelaide, 7s. 5d. And 2nd, for blue metal, delivered west of King William-street, 7s. 8d.; east of King William street, 7s. 6'd.; and at North Adelaide. 8s. For 3,000 yards screened gravel there were 12 tenders. That of Wm. Nobes, 1,000 at 3* (id. for South Adelaide; of John Young, of 1,000 at 2s. 5d., to be delivered in North Adelaide; and of Jno. Paull, 1,000 yards to be delivered in North and South Adelaide, at 2s. Sid. per vard, were accepted. The other tenders varied fn amount from '2s. Gd. to ;:s. FINANCE. The report of the Finance Committee showed for the last fortnight that the receipts had been £124 4s. !ld.; disbursements, £512 Us. Id. The overdraft at the Bank was stated to amount to £95S Us. 7d. The report was adopted. ri'iii.ic works. The report of the Committee to January 29 was read as under:— ' Your Committee advise and report on the va rious matters submitted to them as under:— 'That your Committee have elected Mr. Coun cillor Goode i hairnian for the present year. 'Lrain from (Jray-street to West-terrace. — 1. That your Committee cannot recommend an addi tional culvert at the part asked for. 2. That six more watering-ti-uiighs be ordered, and the City Surveyor instructed to report the positions where such are most required ; and the like report with respect to fountains. Abo to furnish designs for a fountain of a butter description. 3. That the foun tain in i he tuiitru of Victoria-square be removed to the south side of the square, and a trough placed in connection with it. ' Koad to Goodwood across Park Lands.— Your Committee have to rcport that the City Surveyor has prepared an estimate of the cost of a road. IS feet wide,, which amounts in full to £300; and if the Mitcham District Council is prepared to hand over a moiety of that sum, your Committee would then advise tiiat the road be at once made. Your Committee cannot recommend anything more favourable to the District Council, the Govern ment having deprived the city of so large a sum as £3,000 for police protection. It must also be borne in mind that the road has been fenced off in consequence of the erection of the Rifle Butt ranges. ' Swimming Matches at the Baths.— Your Com mittee recommend that the request, viz., to hold annual swimming matches at the Baths for the instruction of youths in the art of swimming, be complied with, but cannot advise that the learners be admitted free to practise. Your Committee see no objection, however, to the second-class swimming tiath being appointed for practising purposes, and the master admitted free for the purpose of giving lessons during two hours on two days in each week, and during such time the bath to 'lie kept exclusively for the above purpose. ' Cattle Market— Bequest to have Water laid on. —Your Committee advise that a troimh l»e affixed outside the Sheep Market, for the benefit of the frequenters of the Cattle Market. Your Committee cannot recommend any further expense, it being probable that the new Cattle Market, of which the Pound at present forms a portion, will at an early date be proceeded with. 'New Footbridges over the Torrens. - That the City Surveyor prepare plans for footbridges, the present structures being reported as likely very soon to be unsafe for use. ' Track to North Adelaide Railway Station.— It appears thai a fresh track has been formed by carts conveying coal to and from North Adelaide, and is found to be pretty good, lour Committee cannot recommend anv expense to be incurred. ' Crowther- street.—YourNCommittee. advise the Council to apportion the sum of _£1S amongst the persons employed in connection with the contract for the above street. 'Driver's Licence.— Your Committee cannot recommend a licence to be granted to George Boddington, his former conduct not appearing to your Committee to merit it. ' South-terrace. — That a trough be placed on the South Park Lands opposite Hanson-street, and another opposite West-terrace. Mr. Kankin thought Mr. Couway should be precluded from taking any more contracts under the Corporation. It generally happened that trouble arose to the Council from his tenders being accepted. Mr. Coltox coincided in the remarks of Mr. Kankin. His Worship enquired whether the Committee, in deciding in reference to the Goodwood-road, had taken into consideration the fact that many of the residents at that township paid high rates iu the city, and had no other way of reaching Ade laide but by the Bay or Unley roads. Mr. Kankin said they had taken all the points that could be brought to bear upon the matter into consideration. There were many works, however, which would require to be done during the year; and as their funds had been curtailed by the with drawal of £3,000 by the Government, they would have to be careful not to expend money on works which would not be absolutely necessary. He was willing, hoffever, that the subject should be again referred to the Public Works Committee, if it' was thought necessary. The report was approved in toto. OFFICERS' REPORTS. The report of the City Surveyor referred to the correspondence which had passed in reference to the Gasworks, and requested information as to the course he should adopt. The Council referred the matter to the City Sur veyor, and instructed him to report to them when anything occurred which he considered they ought to be apprized of. The report of the Surveyor also recommended the purchase of a new roller, as the one at present in use was not found to answer, hut wus con stantly requiring repaiis. Referred to the Public Works Committee. . It was resolved to advertise for 2,000 yards of sand, to be delivered in North and South Adelaide. The Park Lands Hanger reported that there were six houses on the Park Lands which had come under the control of the Corporation.. ' Referred to the Public Works Committee, to report as to the value of the houses, Jfcc THE GARDF.NER AND THE PARK LANDS RANGER. Mr. Goode thought it would be well to give the control of the fences surrounding the Park Lands to the Gardener. The Ranger was too much occu pied with his other duties to keep them in repair; and as they were intended to keep cattle from the trees planted round the city, the Gardener would likely feel more interest in preventing their de struction. Mr. Bundet thought the suggestion a good one, and therefore accorded it his support. Mr. Colton objected. The Park Lands Ranger was employed to perform specific duties. If lie were unable to perform them efficiently, he should report to the Council, and they might either put some one in his place or take what course they thought best. The matter mooted by Mr. Goode would involve the readjustment of the salaries of the paid officers. His Worship thought as the matter was one of importance, the best course for Mr. Goode to adopt was to give notice of motion. Xil. Goode regretted that any delay should be occasioned. He was sorry he had uot givei* notice the previous meeting. In answer to Mr.Rankin, the Cm* Surveyor said four men, less or more, were constantly employed under the directions of the Gardener. Mr. Kankin thought that was too great a num ber of men to employ without the sanction or control of the Public Works Committee. Mr. Colton was aware that the Gardener had four men at work under his directions, and he Considered it was not the wish of the Council that any work should be neglected for want of proper assistance, although he believed it was intended that the Gardener should work himself when it was required. He certainly thought he should not employ labour without the concurrence of the Council. Mr. R.vnkin believed it was the duty of the members of the Works Committee to know every labourer on the roads, and they ought, therefore, to he apprized by the officers what labour they em ployed. Mr. Bundey believed the men were not use lessly kept on by the Gardener. He had noticed them engaged in clearing away the leaves from and opening the ground at the roots of young trees, with a view of admitting the rain. He thought the best way to settle the matter would be to require the Gardener to furnish a report as to the numb.-r of men he employed. This course, after some further discussion, re ceived the general approval of the Couucil. ARCHITECT TO SUPERINTEND ERECTION OF TOWN HALL. Mr. Bundey moved that Mr. E. W. Wright be appointed architect to superintend the erection of the Town Hall. Mr. Colton seconded. Mr. Bowes— It would only Ikj a conditional appointment. He referred to the proceedings at the last meeting of the Council, remarking that it had not been finally settled that Mr. Wright should not be the superintending architect. The question of the appointment was merely deferred. Mr. Goode said Mr. Wright had felt aggrieved at what had been reported to have been said at the last meeting, and had called on him in reference to the matter. He, however, represented to him that the appointment of an architect had been simply postponed. Mr. Kankin also added his testimony to the same effect, and entirely repudiated any intention of insulting or hurting the foeling* of Mr. Wright. The Town Clerk suggested that it should be left to His Worship to make arrangements with the architect. After some further conversation it was agreed that Mr. Wright should be appointed to superin tend the erection of the Town Hall, subject to arrangements. The Town Clerk intimated that Monday next was the day fixed for recsiviug tenders for the purchase of bonds under the Corporation Act to the extent of £1,000. He suggested that a special meeting should be called for that day to consider the tenders. The Council agreed to the suggestion. SHEEP-PENS IN THE CATTLE-YARDS. Mr. Goode said his attention had been called to the dilapidated state of the sheep-pens in the Cattle Yards. He believed it would not take more than £10 or £15 to effect all necessary re-pain, and as the work was urgent he would move that the Surveyor he authorized to proceed with it at once. The Cm' Surveyor explained the nature of the repairs required, and suggested that tenders should be invited for keeping the pens in good order for the space of a year or so. After some further consultation, it was resolved to refer the matter to the Public Works Committee, and they were authorized to expend not more than £10 in making all necessary repairs. It was resolved to call for tenders for reinstating the instruction-board at the Cattle Yards, which had been blown down by a recent gale and broken. The Council then adjourned until Monday next. Illusions. — On this interesting topic we find the following remarks in the BriiinU Quarterly Review. The writer says:— 'Illusions may arise either from disorder of the senses, or from an error of judgment upon data correctly derived from their evidence. Thus a person may see double, or see only the half of an object: or he may see that object distorted, or variously coloured, or modified in an infinity of ways— a most prolific source of ghost-seeing. This chiefly occurs under the influence of a predominant train of thought, an absorbing emotion, or an excited stite of the imagination. One illustration will serve as the typo of the whole ; it is related by Dr. Ferriar in his 'Theory of Apparitions:'— 'A gentleman was benighted whilst travelling alone in a remote part of' the Highlands of Scotland, and wa3 compelled td ask shelter for the evening at a small lonely hut.- WhenJie was to be conducted to his IkmI room, the landlady observed, with mysterious re luctance, that he would find the window very insecure. On examination, he found that part of the wall had been broken down to enlarge the opening. After some enquiry lie was told that a pedlar who had lodged in the same room a short time lxifore had committed suicide, and was found hanging tahind the door in the morning. Accord ing to the superstition of the country, it was deemed improper to remove the body by the door of the house, and to convey it through the window was imp/issible without removing part of the wall. Some hints were dropped that the room had been subsequently haunted by the poor man's spirit. My friend laid his arms, properly prepared against intrusion of any kind, by his bedside, and retired to rest not without some degree of apprehension. He was visited in a dream bv a frightful appari tion, and awaking in agony, found himself sitting up in bed, with a pistol grasped in his right hand. On casting a fearful glance round the room, ho discovered by the moonlight a corpse dressed in a shroud reared against the wall, close to the window. With much difficulty he summoned up resolution to approach the dismal object, the features of' which and the minutest parts of its funeral apparel he perceived distinctly. He passed one hand over it, felt nothing, and stag gered back to bed. After a lorn; interval and much reasoning with himself, he renewed his investiga tion, and at length discovered that the object of I his terror was produced by the mountains ' forming j. long bright image through the win dow, on which his fancy, impressed by his dream, had pictured, with mischievoiifi accuracy, j the lineaments of a body prepared for interment. : Powerful associations of terror, in this instance, ' had excited the recollected image* with uncommon ? force and eli'ect.' Illusions of the senses are I common in our appreciation of form, distance, ! colour, and motion, and p.lso form a lack of com prehension of the physical powers of nature, in the production of images of distant objects. A stick . in water appears bent or broken ; the MjUure :o«er at a distance looks round ; distant objects appear to move when we ourselves (inly are in motion; the heavenly bodies appear to re volve around the earth. All our readers will also lie familiar with the Spectre of the Brocken the Fata Morgana, and the Mirage; all of which were long supjiosed to have a supernatural origin, ' until they were shown to be due to the ordinary laws of light and atmospheric influences. All these allusions are easily rectified by the judg ment, and are transitory in the 'sane mind. Amongst the insane, mistakes of one person for another, and illusions of the mo3t varied and perverse character, are the most constant and durable symptoms of the mental disorder.' i 