\- MISCELLANEOUS. A nugget weighing 110 ounces has been found near Mudgee. DMr. and Mrs. Kean have been play ing in Sydney to overflowing houses. The "royal burgh of Linlithgow, as a body corporate and politic," appears in the list of bankrupts published in the Edinburgh Gazette. The leading journals in -Louisville have all commenced the issue of pipers I every day, including Sundays, on the plea that the demands of the war make it necessary. The N.ew York Tribune contains an I account of the flogging of members of the Society of Friends in North Carolina, N for their refusal to' serve under the Davis conscription. The Borough solicitor of Ballasrat v West has given it as his opinion that I one person may hold the two offices of s ponndkeeper and herdsman. Amongst the insolvents who filed a sehedules on Saturday is a schoolmaster, t who mainly attributes his " impecuni- t osity" to delay in the payment of his s salary by the Board of Education. A telegram from Sydney in Wed- a nesday's Argus states, that the Fitzroy r Iron Company have commenced mann facturing bar iron, we presume from their own pig iron, of which the quality ti is stated to be equal to English. a The Pope, being asked recently what I 'subject should be represented on the tl reverse of his medal, struck this year, 'q replied, with a smile, "Represent Daniel in the lions' den." " The Portuguese Government has just tl built a gnnboat, which was launched last o week. It carries only a single gun, but t1 bears the imposing name of Terror dos b .ilares, the Terror of the Sea. Advertising for a wife is as absurd as G getting measured for an umbrella. 2 "Talk up" to the dear creatures, if y you'd marry them. One half the world y was born to marry the other half. -The Negroes of Jamaica have recently I made a pleasing acknowledgement of their indebtedness to Lord Brougham Ij for his services in the cause of freedom. v They have forwarded to his lordship an I address in which they convey their deep h gratitude. . Among the latest arrivals from New Zealand at Ballaarat, is Mr. Archibald Carmichael, who spent some seven a months amongst the snow- clad mountains t of the country. He states that there t were abont 700 miners in Dunedin when he left all awaiting a ship or ships to bring them back. The Supreme Court has overruled the point reserved on the trial of Goddard and Branch, in favour of Branch, and affirmed the finding of the. jury that Sboth were "Guilty" of an attempt at thelcapital offence with which they were charged. I am informed says the Melbourne correspondent of the Star that the state-. ments that have appeared in the Mel bourne papers respecting the candida ture of the i=on. J. P. Fawkner for the chairmanship of committees in the L'egislative Council, rendered vacant by the death of the llon. Air. Thomson, are entirely without foundation: A singular incident occurred on a station'in this district the other day. A pig was bitten by a black diamond snake and died in two hours. The animal was lying in a yard, bleeding a.little, and a number of ducks were feeding about, and it is supposed that they must have :swallowed 'some of the blood from the pig, for in the space of a few minutes several of them became affected, and died al?rmst imntMdiately. --familton spectator. Our Melbourne correspondent writes that hlie is informed that a Cabinet meet ing was held on Tuesday, for the special Spurpose of :discussiing the terms of the Snew or Amended 'Land Bill, to be laid before Parliament when it meets. It is also stated that the discussion was rather warm, there being one or two strong dissentients to the proposition brought forward 'by Mr. Hleales. The general features of the bill are, as was stated they would be, similar to those suggested by Dr. Owens at Maiidurang, who is supposed, in spite of a little hitch or two to be en rapport with Ministers. On the same "day, there was a meeting of politicians who are hostile to retro . greseiv?e legislation, but as the meeting was:private, all that is known is that a programme'is to be'drawn up by which the nev 'men will stadit or fall, and that Stheyywill do all that they can to renurn men at the next general election, of what may be called democratic consor vative principles. ' That is, those who hold by the 'onstitution, who believe in tho.e olitical equality established, and Sare to some extent in favor of payment of-members; The statements must be taken for:what they are worth, but no , doubt there is much truth in them. : 'Star, 5th Dec. The .business of the Maryborough General Sessions for November was Sconclded' on Friday, after a sitting of :tliree days. It will be 'Ben that the oappeals against thie "sly grog" convic tione gave rise to a most unusual state of things, and one, we should fancy, alto getlier unprecedented in the annals of quarter sessions law. There were, in all, seventeen appeals against convictiona for illegally selling spirits, Ac., which had taken place at Carisbrook and laryborough in September last, the Convicting magistrate being Mr. Paseo, P,M. In these appeals, seventeen'disx tinct sets of recognisances were entered ailuto to prosecute them at these sessiont, and Mr. Aspinall was retained by Mr. IJoskins for eleven, aed Mosessrs. Coolke and Fenton for six,aeppellanlts; but, as we have said, a novel "situation," dramatically speaking, was disclosed. The convictions, owing to the absence of Mr. Pasco, on leave, were not signed, therefore as Judge IMacoboy, the chliir In man; pht if, " there was nothing to ap real agalnat,".and he could hear nothing. ..The act requires tin appeal to be mnad it the next gorioral sessions after tihe .dlecision of tihe justalices, so the whole .ithnig is at a dead-lock, but, we shiould ",i?nely, the' appellants, having dlone all ' :i tho waore bound by law t, do, will bie r ''j?" fmit~fller! troubled in' thI mauter. sl arbro0ir fs ldder(ieer,' 10th Nay. A shearer, named Harris, has been murdered by his mate at Wagg Wagga. G Mr. Barry Sullivan has leased the gs Princess theatre for twelvemonths. About one hundred Chinamen left bi Ballaarat on Monday week. They all in went by train to Melbourne. - o Mr. Bebbington, late editor of the Propagandist and Lecturer, has pub- st licly renounced infidelity. ul A young lady was frightened to death B by the terrible thunderstorm which I passed over London the other day. U Professor Pepper, and- Mr Kine, of as Bath are battling together about the re patents for their respective ghosts. ,i A forward sale of 30,000 bushels of t.; wheat, to be delivened in all Marchl, has a been made in Adelaide at 4s per bushel. w Mr. Williams, chemist, of Main street, or writes to the Ballaaral Post saying he - has a pointer bitch which has killed 270 snakes within five years. The Emperor Napoleon seems, it is arid, to show the greatest apathy as to m the passing events. The reading, by ss the rule of contrary, is that there is ci' some deep-laid plan. A Sir William Armstrong calculates that st at the present rate of working, the coal se mines of Britain will be exhausted in or 212 years. sq Fourteen Missionaries belonging to tb the Jesuits' College at Toulouse are about to quit France to preach in the ti Island of Madagascar. Among them is ad the son of M Delpuch, the father of the b} Toulouse bar. th A writer in the Sydney orning fir Herald suggests that, in order to secure oc the police from all dancers in the event frn of an encounter with- bushrangers, that t; they should be invested in complete ate bullet-proof panoply. th Judge Callaghan, of the Southern Goulburn district died on Monday, the ca 23rd nult, from wounds received from a et young horse while standing at the sale bt yards at Braidwood. Judge Callaghan fa was for many years crown prosecutor in G N.S.W. The Rev. Dr. Bleasdale has been de- a livering a most interesting lecture on gi "The Gems of the Colony," before the f Royal Society. The rev. lecturer ex- lii hibited a variety of splendid and valuable D precious colonial gems. The licensed victuallers of Melbourne are making efforts to obtain the grant of t a site on which to erect an asylum for their decayed members and schools for h their destitute orphan children. u A public meeting was held on the 24th ult. at Wood's Point for the purpose of T establishing an hospital. Subscriptions ti were progressing favourably, and the of miners at Jericho and the Bee-Bee were it solicited to subscribe. •t LosSES AT sEA.-The marine reports h for the month of August show an aggre- It gate loss of twenty-eight, vessels, most t, of them American, during the period. n Three were steamers, ind the remain- b Sder an equal proportion of ships, barques si brigs, and schooners. The ship Talis- p man and the barque Conrad were cap- c tured and burned by the r'ebels. The a Saggregate losses' are 1,600,000 dols.- 1l New PYork 2ribiune, Sept. 4. ' The New South Wales Treasurer made r a his financial statement on the 2nd inst. He proposes equalising the duties on all a spirits, churging ten shillings per proof I s gallon as in Victoria. Also a protection t t in the shape of an ad valorem duty on a n I long list of articles, including apparel, a sa lops, etc. Considerable dissatisfaction r t has been felt owing to the fact of two b merchants, evidently in the secret, havy- u ing taken a large quantity of spirits out i of bond. A meeting of Merchants has a been held in' Sydney to protest against in thennew duties. a Cunrous CALouATIoNss.-The simple b interest of one cent, at 6 per cent. per fi annum, from the comilencement of the ci Christian era to the close of the present at year 1863, would be but the trifling sum o of 11 dollars 17 cents and 8 millse but w if the same principal, at the same rate and time, had been allowed to accumu-. late at compound interest, it.would re- u quire the enormous numlier,: of 84,840 g billions of globes of solid gold, each ti equal to the earth iii magnitude, to pay al the interest; and if the sum were equally a divided among the: inhabitants 'of the ft earth, now estimated to be one thousand 0 millions; every man, womani, and child P would recei?e'84,840 'golden Words for tl an inheritance. Were' all these globes P placed' side by side in a direct line, it a would take lightning itself that can girdle the earth in the wink of an eye, g 73,000 years to travel from end to end; P And, if a Parrott gun were discharged at one extremity while a man was sta toined at tIhe other-light travelling t 1 192,000 miles in a second-the initial I Svelocity of a cannon- ball being aboutt S1500 feet per second, and in this one' Ssupposed to continue at the same rate; \- and sonnd oving through thie atmnos phers 1120 feet in a second-lhe would 0see the flash after waiting 110,000q Syears, tile ball would reach him in 74 billions ofyears ; butie Wouldnbrit hsnar Sthe report till the end of 1000 millions I of centuries. Again, if'all themse masses if of gold were fused into one prodigious -ball, having the sun for its cehitre, it if would reach out into space, ii all dir n ections, 1732 millions of miles almost is reaching the orbit of Herschel or i Uranus; and, if thie interest were con d tinued till thi end of thie present cen e tury, it would entirely fill up -tine solar o, system, and evens encroach 500 millions axlof miles on thie void beyond thie planet d Neptune, whosae orbit, at tlhe- distance of Is, 2850 millions of piles from tie sin, r. encircles our whole system of worlds, ce the present system of figures is as called tie Aralic method, but it should ",be more piroperly termed the Indian d. method, because it had its origin among co thie Hllndoos of India, from whomn tihe i, Arahs learned it; nld they. in turn, r- carriedl thie art into Spanin where they \- pmractised it duritig thaw along ocen-pa g. lion of lthat country. "? pubhliationi in ofthenir astronomical tableos, in the form to f alhunnacs, was the prinncilal means of lo grnadully spjreading it abroad among Sthie surroundling nations; but so alow II was thie progress that it was not genoa Srally esttl,lishodl until about tine middle -of tlh, nixteonth century.--- Nsow YOrk Eoeuinrs" P'oar, It is, now pretty well ascertained that Gilbert is in Victoria. A report also gains ground that Gardiner is with him. I In Castlemaine a case of affiliation was I brought before the court. The plaintiff i in the case was only fourteen years of e age. f A despatch from our blockading-fleet I states that on the morning of the 17th I ulnt. a steamer of 1,500 tons, with the a British flag flying, ran the blockale of f Wilmington, N.C, in full view of the United States vessels, and after she got I safely through the fleet flung out the rebel flag. She was pierced for six guns, in addition to two pivot guns, and I prildably would receive an armament andl be ready to proceed to sea within a week. She is larger than the Alabama or Florida, and appeared to be very fast. -1Nre York tribune, Sept. 1. Instances of successful enterprise in Melbourne are far from rare, but the growth of large mercantile establish- - ments from small beginnings are neces sarily so, from the recent date of the city's growth into a colonial metropolis. At the south-west corner of Bourke street and Swanston-street might be seen, eleven or twelve years back, a small outfitters' shop, some fifteen feet square' 'The proprietors, foi small as the concern was there were two partners, gradually increased their business and their premises, until they, having lately added the auction-room, &c.;, occupied by Isaac Lyons and Co.. have now for the purpose of their trade, one of the finest ranges of buildings in Melbourne, occupying some 250fl. -of valuable frontage, Nos, 6I, 66, and 69 in Bourke street, and 109, 111, and 113 in Swan ston-street. Messrs Sanders and Levy, the proprietors, give employment to upwards of 150 persons in their various capacities; and they state that they are enabled, through asystematizing their business, to compete with colonial manu factures against those imported from Great Britian, although the last :named goods from a large portion of their stock-in-trade in every sort and kind of garment, from hats to boots and all be. tween, with which civilized man clothes himself against the weather.--Argus, 4th Dec. The abundance and low. :price: of wheat in England this year are causing the farmers there to do what we have often had to do here, namely, calculate how far this grain can be profitably used in place of other articles for feeding and fattening stock of different kinds. The result will no doubt be the substi tution, to a great extent, of wheat for oilcake and . other substances now imported so largely, 'and the superabundance of breadstuffs will thus he converted into meat, of which last article of diet it sems impossible to keep up the supply equal to the de mand, no matter what the season may be; but sinch a use of wheat is only con sistent with a very low price, and the prospect of a continuance of this; and certainly the facilities for growing wheat are becoming so much greater in Eng. land each year,. that such an. abundance may for the future be looked for 'as the rule in all moderately favourable years. The general draining of wet lands, and consequent improvement of the clays, has tended much towards increasing these, as has every step towards the more general adoption of any one of the many changes with constitute the diffes renee between good 'and bad- farming; but, more than all the rest, the extended use of the steam-plough is rendering wheat- growing 'easy, by allowing of autumn tillage to an extent altogether impossible without its aid. No sooner are the crops off than the land. can be broken up again, and afterwards scari fled: and harrowed, and thoroughly. cleansed of weeds,- in good time for-the sowing of the wheat, and all this witholut waiting for the certainf amount .of rain which- must- fall. before the. ordinary' plough can turn over the stiff soils at all. It has often been said ihat the clay lands under tillage in England are capable of growing wheat enough foi"_tho popnla tion, and it would almost-seem as if the steam-plough -was,' -before - many years are over, to put a stop to, the necessity for importation. Even though-the' price of wheat has ruled so low for some years past compareds ith.whatit. used' to-be. the prejudice amongst fainmers.in favour of growing this grain is still very~ ltrong, and the temptation to sow it on "soil' in 'a condition to give a large returni is very great,' especially where the land is- fully prepared to receive the. seed, and at the best time for sowing it; as is always :the case where autumn culture is fully at tended to; and the advantages of this last.are now.so widely.,recogniiied. tht, to render the early smashing-up -of the stiff soils possible, the steamploogh lit coming into greater demand: 'eaclh. year, The thorough disentegration oftthe soil; and exposure to the dry, warm: aira, r fontnd to communicate to it and unex pected degree of fertility,' particularly it glvin?' -go d rthbr to the younig plant previobsiii to't itremio cold of: winter; ,pnd on land thus broken up early:the weeds can be most effectually destroyed. 'Those with running or tap roots ano ex -posed .to tlie sun annd I killed, and the young weed plants fromi seced are startcd so early that they can be turned in be fore the grain is sown. The actual Ssaving in cost, as comnpared- with .horse powver-allowed to be at least one-half for heavy wrk-- lhas, of. coursoe; very ,much to dowith the increasing desire to use the steam plough whenever the re quisito amount of capital can beho comn. Smanded; bit the marked increase' and certainty of tihe crops following its use have quite as mach to do with this i. andl we now find as great a diOfference there in the estimated cost of growing diff. e erent crops 'as there has been here since the general adoption of machinery, dven to the limited extenrit to which it has Sbeen applied1 Thns, it'is"nowir said to be' possible, with' the useaof thet 'steam plough, to gro'v wlheat 'at 6s.'a biseol Swith a profit, notwithlstanding the high Srent, taxes, and many. other expenses; Sand, if so, these colonies must inot look Sto such a distant market for the disposal d of any surplus they may have in fttute Stimes.-From thioe Armns "Agricultural report" of the 8rd Doe, 