IHK CITY MISSION. Tin. firU annual meeting of the City Mission was held last evening in tho "temperance Hall, Pitt street. Tua meet- ing was well ottended, the ball bolng completely filled ti he chair waa taken hythe Hon G Allon, M. LC., and the proceedings wore oponed by the Rev. Dr. ¡steel en socinc in praj cr The CHAIUMAN said ihat this was the first anniversary of the City Mission, and ho could not but regret that his Excellency the Governor was not thoro to pre«ide ovor Ihem. Ills hxoellency would have been thoro to-night "had not t usinese called him elsewhere He, however, hid »o doubt that tho interests of tho society would be so well end ubl> advocated by tho speakers on tho platform that it would be unnecessary for him to take up any timo In en- deavouring to press them on the meeting. Ho would oon ecqucnth call on the secretary to read tho roport. Ihe btcuLTAUY (Rev J. Eggleston) read the following jopoit - The committee of tho Sydney City Mission, in presoutmg a ¡report of lhe pioceedmgs of tho post year, have to record thoir gratitude to God for the supply of a suitable agency and for tho success which has hitherto been vouchsafed to tnclr labours In presenting their first annual report your commltteo fool it ämporlaiit to advert briefly to the origin of the society Tho i ¡great want of a City Minston for 8ydnoy, similar in charaotor to those in London and Manchester, having been long felt, aclr «ulnr wa" itaued subscribed by tho Rovs T, Smith, 8 C. Kent Dr. 1'ulleiion, J. E Vetch, and Messrs J Caldwell and B Short, convening a meeting in tho Tomporanco Hall, on the Uth June, lbGJ, to consider the subject. Thirty minis- ters and gentlemen belonging to various denominations "-responded to the invitation. A paper was read by Mr Boojaimn Short cnibi Ujing suggestions for the formation of such au insti- tution. Ihe Itevs. Dr. Fullerton, A Thomson, J. lUid, 8. C. 3icnt, J. Igghstou, J Dougall, J. \ oller, 1'. V. Agnow, and JUcsírs Jo) and KobinBon successively addressed tho meeting, «declaring their cordial concurrence in tho project of establishing a MIefisn for Sj dm j and its suburb» Great unanimity prevailed regarding lhe objecta and principles of tho movemont, and con ?fidenee WOB expressed as to its success. A sub committee was appointed to draw up the details of a plan to bo submitted to an adjourned meeting, and subsequently to bo proposed at a gonerul .publio mi ctiug Tho sub committco.conBiatod of tho following gentlemen -tho ltevs A thomson, Dr Fullerton, 8 C hont, J, Engleston, K. Hartley, T. 8mith, J. Voller, and Messrs. J. (Caldwell, 8 Goold, h Joj, and 11 Short. Iho aub committee presented its report to tho adjourned meet- ing on the 2Jnd June, 18(J2 Tho plan and rules to iorra tho con- stitution of the society, as proposed, wero severally discussed, and, after slight alteration, wen adopted. The sub-committeo "was requested to raukc the necessary preparations for u public meeting lor the establishment of the proposed mission. At the public meeting, held in the Temperaneo Hull on tho 11th Juh, 1862-tho lion John Campbell, M L C, In the chair-a jprohmiuary statement having been read bj Mr. 11 Short, scorotary "jiro fern , it was "Itcsolvcd-That tho spiritual condition of a largo portion of -the inhabitants of tilia city renders the establishment of a City Mission in bj dncy highly desirable. "That, in accordance with tho foregoing resolution, a soototy to established, of which tho following rules shall form the constitution. (Seo printed copy uppended to this roport.) And, also, " J hat tho following gentlemen he tho committee for tho en- duing year -lie-s Thomas Smith, J. Kgglcston, Dr Lang, S C, Ivent, le. Haitley, W, Allworth, Dr. Fullerton, James Voller, Adam Thomson, J B M'Cure, 3 A Manton, J h Vetch, P. P. Agnew, W M'Intyro, N. Fidgcon, J Sullivan, Hon. A. M 'Arthur, M LC , Thomas Holt, Isq, M h A , John Caldwell. "2sq, M L A , Mr Justice Wiso, John Fairfax, Fsq , Fdward Joy, heq J. Richardson, Esq , and Messrs It L Uormman, Stephen Goold, 1. B. Holm, J. Iv. Ollhcr, B Short, and J. II. Goodlet," The meeting was numerously attended, and tho foregoing , -resolutions w ero unanimously carried I ?J. our committee, having thus been placed in charge of institution, met far business on the 16th July. A sub com- mittee was appointed to examine into tho arrangements for work- ing kindred institutions and to prepare a code of by-laws suited to ' tho circumstances of this society. Iho by-laws (thus prepared) -were, after curetul and mature deliberation, udoptèd by tho com- mittee, and printed and circulated The importance of securing a suitable class of agents was felt, and your committee deemed it a duty to" pray to tho Lord of tho liurvest" for guidance in their seleotion. Tho prajers of the Churches wero touched, and a meeting for Bpeoial prayer «as leid to supplicate the Great Head of the Church to lead your committee to Belcct such persons as Ho could employ successfully M accomplishing the deeigns of the Mission. iucouuged bj the sympathy expressed by tho Christian jmblic at tho meeting inaugurating the society, your committee xcsolvcd to commence with four treats-two mole and two femalo missionaries Agents wero advertised for and numerous appli- cations were sent in with accompanying testimonials. Tho moat eligible candidates wero requested to moot the committee, and | irom these four persons were selected, of established religious character, and w hose usefulness in the various Churches lo which they belonged, commended them to jour committee as peculiarly ïuitablo for employment. These persons, after duo examination, wero appointed to com- ' Menee their work on the first October, and jour committeo have Olcasuro in expressing their gratitude to God that tho result of their labours giv cs evidence that praj cr was answered in thoir selection, and has been further answered in tho Divino sanction that has attended their labours Your committee cannot afford Btronger evidence of the \ aluo of their labours, or of the deep necessity hat existe for such an agency, than by furnishing fucts from their journals lhe follow- ing cueeB have been selected amongst a cumber of others that ' jnight have been also adduced in evidence of success. Case 1 A man who bad a wife and three children, was destitute Of cmplojment, he never attended a place of worship, and had no Bible. Un the first visit of tho missionurj ho seemed careless ahout hie soul. When asked if the misslonarj should pray with Um, ho said, " I do not care " This carelessness gave place to a letter »tate of mind. Vt hen asked if ho wished to have a Bible, .le said he bud no means to purchase one. The missionary pro- cured him one. By God's blessing ho has becomo a changed character. He is deeply convinced of 6in, nttends tho Marmora' Church, and the praj cr meetings established by tho missionary, " Ins children are now sent to school, and his homo is Indeed aa altered one. Cases An Ameiican was converted to God ia his nat» o land, juanyjeors «mee- going to sea and neglecting prayer, and tho study or God s Word, the temptation« of u seafaring lifo ov crcamo lim, and ho became u backslider. He had long ceased attending lhe House of God when the missionary met lum. He waa in- duced to attond the praj cr m"ctiDg AtthefirBt meeting ho waa dceplj wrought upon by the Spirit of God, and before leaving ho ZCtovcred his forfeited pence His intenso j o j doeplj affected au cresent. He, with his wife and family, are now regular attend- ants on public w orship, and ure ov ldentiy " seeking tho old paths to walk therein " Cuso S A pet ton met with in a publio tb.orougb.faro was talked io, and persuaded to attend the praj er meeting. In the meeting io became dcci lj convinced of sin, and sought and lound pardon through Chrut W ith much emotion he besought those present lo pray for his unconverted wife Ho is now a member of a ?» Christian Church, und his wife is seeking the salvation of her EOul. CMC 4. A confirmed drunkard who had been impnsonod for seriously wounding her husband, and imperiling his life while In a drunken fit, waa visited. God gavo success to the missionary's conversations lhe woman and her hush indhav o totally aban- doned the use of Intoxicating drinks The Missionary states, " I am happy to be able unhesitatingly to Bay respecting thom both, that they aro earnestly seeking the salí ation of their precious souls " Case 5 A missionary says, " I found a poor woman, a notorious drunkard, tied up in a small room, shockingly bruised by her husband, who also was intemperate. He had adopted this precaution on leaving home for his work, to keep her out of mischiof. Although he earned three pounds weekly, they were without food, all having gone for drink, I cut the cord which bound her, when I had a very serious conversa- tion and prayer with her. My efforts have been greatly blessed. 3n nine weeks they w ero enabled to place ten pounds in the Bank. Both now attend regularly Divine Worship Of this ?woman I can truly say Bho is giving herself to the Word of God and to pravcr Her former evil associates aro FO struck with tho change that thoy shun her. The company she now seeks Is com- panionship with God's people. Case C lhe samo missionary reports another case of an equally depraved drunkard who was a source of constant irritation to her husband He w us a sober man, but his temper being sorely tiled on returning home to a cold hearth and food uncooked ho frequently bent her unmercifully The missionary for four months persevered in effort to save her from this vice. Ho secured the attendance of the children at the Ragged School, and ho now ¡reports that a thorough reformation has taken placo. Both aro total abstainers, and he believes them to bo m earnest to secure tho salvation of their souls. Cato ". A missionary says "I met with Mrs. W. at ttao house of 1er friend Shr asked mo to coll and seo nor, telling mo she was severely tucd. lier husband being intemperate and having had a long illness had reduced them very much. After his recovery ho Was lor a long time unsuccessful m obtaining work, bhe scorned almost heartbroken. I called upon her frequently directing her lo Him who ga\ e His Son to dio for ua and spoke of trials as ono of the means u«ed by Him to draw us to Himself. I believe these conversations ha\ e been blessed to her soul. She has been aWo to appropriate as hers the precious promisoa of the Gospel. She Jins sent her children to the Sabbath-school. Her husband now regularly attends the Church." Case 8. Another case is thus described :-" In D- Street met ?with a young woman who on my first visit manifested much -nnconcirn. I met with her again and conicraod with her -rging the importance of attending to her soul's affairs. The loss of a little one appears to have produced a beneficial effect. She said she felt that this trial had been sent to make her think of another world, and regretted that she had neglected the one thing needful so long Since l have umo\cdto another district I haye seen 1er, 1 found that she bud sent her children to a Sabbath-school. She loves to read her Bible, and I bcliorc tho good work has begun in her heart. Case 9. Sirs -was laid aside by illness when I first saw her. Ehe was concerned about her state, ßho stated that she carno to this colony five years since, and had lived in tho neglect of religion, being as she said in a deadened state of mind. Her child was removed by death, and this increased her rebellion against God. Since her personal illness she had become softened, and .was truly thankful for my visits. Sho 1B slowly recovering, and 3 have every nason to believe, is fully trusting in Jesus, Case 10. Another misslonarj report« that she found two persona living in sin, who were induced by her faithfulness to seo the KUilt of their condition, and they have since been married by the. Bcv. J. E. M'Curc. Caso 11. A young man of a respectable family In Sydnoy was sunk to the lowest state of degradation by intemperance. He leos met with by the missionary, who induced bim to take the ' total abstinence pledge and attend tho house of God, This ho las dono regularly. He has been restored to his mother's house, 1 from which his former profligacy had excluded him. Ho is now obtaining a respectable livelihood. Case 12 A missionary had a long conversation with three fallen females. They promised to meet him the next morning that he might secure their admission into the Refuge. Two of them were taken up by the police that evening and wero lodged id gaol ; the third kept her promise, and is now in the Female Refuge. Caso ta A poor woman, rcsidhrg alone in a small back room, yaa found by the missionary in a most destitute state, suffering from consumption, cïidently friendless. Chnstianr wore roado acquainted with ber case, who supplied her with necessities ; a I nurse was procured. The missionary visited her daily, who re- ports that at first her mind was very dark. The divino blessing upon his reading and explaining the Word of God, with reference ?to personal salvation, resulted in her earnest application to tho ¡Throne of Gtaoe for mercy. Case 13 The missionary reports, "Found a woman who has becnaterj great drunkard j »ho was in a most miserable state, bet head being cut and all fly- blown. Nearly everything that eould bo taken out of the house had boen removed to tho pawnshop, Thcro were two other drunken women with her. The three poor creatures had only one pair of carpet ¿Uppers amongst them. It is impossible for me to describo the misery of that placo. Tho woman was in bed ' -the only dress she had left, the other two drunkards pledged, so ?when she was able to get up, she had no dress to put on. After I had read and prayed with them, I persuaded the poor woman to take the pledge. She did so, and in ten weeks she got ton pounds' worth of her things out of pawn. Her husband being mate _ of a vessel regularly secures to her a monthly amount tor ber .support. She says that I am her bist earthly friend; she truly thanks God that she ever saw me She attends our meetings " Case 10. "Found a couple living in a state of adultery; ex- plained the sin of their condition, urged them to ba married. They pleaded poverty. I secured a minister to marry them with . out charge." Case 17, "Met with an infidel who said he know phrenology, and believed religion was head knowledge. I believe I left him convinced that religion was of the heart as well as of the head. On leaving, he declared that he would never argue against re ,B^rÄl_Sä_; reporta t^tinvisiting a house of .11 f«me he found a woman ill in bed who had been subbid (ive days biforo in a drunken quarrel Her wound bad not bren w ishcd ordtccstd He obtained medical ansiBtancc from the Innrroury, Md shTiccovercd. This woman had a daughter about eleven «ara of aKc! who was in respectable service. He «.ccrimnod that tho mother intended to take her from her situation. and Place her in a den of infamy, but through his influence the police and the neighbouring clergyman bavo PTT?^ >>ßnr '"T being Boonflced. Great promptitude and perseverance wore ntósn«Mr^ I found nearly dead through excessive drinking. I obtained an order and took him in a conveyance to the Innrmary. Ho has smce recovered, and is so far changed that ho hïïi abandoned tho use of intoxicating drinks, and is respectably supporUng his family. He says b. owes bis life to mCa8cI9. "Ina most dilapidated houso botweçn George and ntt streets, I found a man friendless and alone, lying on a heap of rags. He had met with a serious accident, file Infirmary being too full to admit him, I prooured medical attendance. Dr. Nield kuidly tendering bis advice. Under his treatment ho recovered.» This man must have died but for tho missionary's lnCasor20.C" A young woman was first awakened and led to ttuBt in the Saviour at our prayer meeting, held on the Hooks. I believe she Is still walking consistently. She has removod to tho ^Cosc^'l. " Mrs. - had been bodridden twenty months ; her mind waa dark as regards her soul's danger. At flrBt Bhe did not wish to seo mo, as BOO said I mado her mlsorablo ; but behoving death waa near, I visited her almost dally for some wooka. On one occasion she wept much, but before I left, exclaimed, ' I soo it now,' and sno rejoiced m Jesu« as both ablo and willing to savo her. Sbo died a fow days after, rejoicing in lho Lord." Cato S3. " Mr. -, aged about eighty, said that he could do without mj visits, but soon learned to appreciate them. I visited him two or three times a week the last four weeks of his life, I dMringwlnchtimoIhavoevcryreasontobelievotho 'greatchango* took placo. He died simply trusting in Jesus." I Your committco could have brought forward other cases of a similar kind to those adduced, but the limits of a report do not admit. Your committco have great pleasure in stating, that through the agency of two of your missionaries, upwards of 100 shops havo , already been closed on tho Lord's Day. Your committco cannot, in this report, givo perfcot statistics of the labours of the missionaries, some time hawng been occupied boforo regular means of record could be Buppliod. They have ascertained, however, that during tho short poriocl m which the missionaries havo been employed, at leaBt 17,001 visita and calls have been mado ; 593 ha^c been to tbo sick and dying, and ii of theso have been attended m their dying hours; Gb meetings havo been hold; 19,880 traota have been given away; 19 copies of tho Sacred Scriptures bavo been put In circulation ; 179 -chddrcn havo boon sent to schools ; and 179 persons havo been induced to attend publio worship. Your committee, with theso facts boforo them, can confidently appeal to the sympathy and principles of their fellow Christians in urging them to assist in this work by their contributions and their prayers. The reasons that were assigned for engaging in this work have been fully sustained. An amount of depravity has been developed as existing in tho heart of the city which should rouse all who feel for and weep over lost souls. An evidence is afforded that tho deepest shades of wickedness can be penetrated and removed by the force of truth and the power of Christian love. Glorious results have ulrtady transpired that should cheer tho labourers and stimulate tho Churches to increase their numbers. Your committee would remind thoir friends that tho present ngenoj docs not and cannot reach the necessities of the tose. Many suitable persons ha^c offered their services, but the amount hitherto contributed has not been sufficient to cover the expendi- ture of the present staff. Tbey would confidently hopo that when the Christian public are made acquainted with the operations of tMs society means will be afforded to possess and profitably work c\ cry held presented in the different parts of this city, and your committeo woulo call upon all present " to como up to tho help of tho Lord against tho mighty," by liberal contributions and earnest and believing prayers for the success of the iniasion. The TREASI/_EK read the balanoo-sheot of the sooioty, from which it appeared that for the last year the receipts had been £261 11B., whilst the disbursements had been £276 6s. 9d., leaving the socioty £14 14s. 9d. in debt. At i he present time this amount of debt had been farther increased to £90. Tho CHAIRMAN read a letter from the Rev. Mr. Vander kisto, apologising for his absence. 1 he Rev. S. C KPM rose tomove, "That theroport now read and the Treasurer's balance-Bheet bo adopted, and printed under the direction of the committee, and that the sucoesB throughout vouchsafed to tho Mission sheuld exoite our devout gratitude to God, and encourage ns to earnest prayer for enlarged success." He said he had listeaod to , tho report just read with mingled feelings of pleasure and pam-with pleasure, that eo much hud boen accomplished I in tho infant year of the society, end with pain that so I rnurh degradation, destitution, and iniquity should exist in OK beautiful city. It was not necessary that he Bhould Buj much m support of the report, for it spoke for itself and pleaded its own cause ; nor could he but believe that, if this report wcro well studied by those before whom it would be placed in tho morning papers, Christians of every denomination would come forward to the holp of the socioty, »tid there would bo no longer u lack of funds to carry it on. 'the report just read Bhowed thom that there waa a groat necessity for tho operations that had been called into exist- ence. There wore given in it twenty-two epeoimen casea foi_ ti ey wore but specimen cases, as no loss than 17,000 visits bad been paid by the agenta ; and, instead of twenty two, hundreds of cases might have boen adduaed. But if tho agents had gone into a full account of all these oases they vould have needod a folio volume, inetead of this ro poit, lengthy though it wore. These caseB, however, were tnough to show that there was a fostering pool of moral iniquity around them, that would assuredly taint their moral atmosphere, as the physical abominations tainted and pol- , luted the physical atmosphore. There WBB a mueh more in I lmate relation between the mansion of the rich and the hovel of tho poor than was generally belioved. They couldnot havo these dens of pollution and vice in one part of tho town wtthout oursolvoB suilbring injury, even though we lived In another. Our servants, our artí/ans, our son» and daughter« v ould bo atlcoted, and wo ourselves would suffer harm In tbo end. He need not, then, apply to the feelings of pat íiotism or of philanthropy of tho meeting, for he oould ap \ oal to their self-love. Take these cases as presented by tho committee, and what did they teach? They showed -timbers of men and women attending no place ef publia worship-women beaten, battered, bruised, tied up like beasts, deserted, by those who had sworn before God and man to love, cherish, and protect them; childrtn given over by their parents to vice, even from their infant yeera; and vet here, not the half-nay, not the tithe of the whole "truth wa» told. Thera were tales that he waa not bold enough to tell there, , -scones from which he dared not to draw book the veil. If ho were to toll all that was going on, even now, around this hall, the men present would stop his mouth and remind him of the présence of their wives, their sisters, and their daughters. And this pool of iniquity would rise, and rise, und swell until it carno into their houses and their cham- bers, nye, until it overwhelmed their whole community. The report, however, not only showed the necessity for the work, but also the efficiency of the agents employed. They found that 17,000 visita had boen paid ; that 600 persona, in eickneefl or on their death beds, had been visited, in Btructod, and prayed with ; that 170 children had been led to sobool ; that 179 persons had been induced to attend public worship, that 100 shops had been closed on the Lord's Day; that 20,000 roligious publications had been placed in circulation, drunkards had been reclaimed, lallen women rescued, infidels turned to the faith, sinners converted, and dens of wickedness and woe had been changed into homes of reBpeotability and happiness. AU this had been done, and they wore conBtraiued to admire the great goodness of God in granting His blessing te so feeble an agency. If so much then had beon achioved by two agente, two male and two female, thoy must bo encouraged by that not only to support the agento thoy had, but also to increase the number to be omployod. And what were these agents? Not persons of great learning. Ihey could epeak no language but their own, but going out with the Bible in tbeir bands, resolved, God helping them, to roscae their fellow creatures from dégradation and vice- pursuing their humble walk unnoticed by thoir follow men, but watched by the angels. Such were the agents, and ho would aBk those proeent to remember in their prayers to- night theso agenta and their work, that they might not labour in vain or spend their strength for naught. And ho would ask them what there was to prevent any of them from going ont, as did thebe agento, with their Bible in their hand, to »peak a word in timo to the sick or dyine. Had not the Oieuronce been given to them, as well as to tfio missionary, that he who converteth a sinner shall save a soul from death and cover a multitude of eins. Thoy had heard from the Treasurer that the amount now receivod had not been enough to pay the four agents ; and yet this num- ber should be increased. To inorease it, the fund» must bo increased ; and it would bo for them to Bay to-night whether they should be so or not. As to the past year he might boldly declare that BO large an amount of good on BO email means bad scarcely ever been achieved in the history of any institution. It was not the committee, it was Christ who now asked them for help, He who had assured them that a cup of cold water given in His name should not lose its re- ward. The Lord looked not so much at what thoy gave as at what they kept back ; not at what they put in the plate so much OB what they had in thoir pocket«, and when they wore in the end called upon to give on ecoount of their .steward- ship, let them not say, "I am not my brother's keeper," for that woe tho language of the first murderer, but rather let them reply with contrition, "we are verily guilty con corning our brother." Mr. CALDWELL seconded the resolution, observing that | though ho rejoiced in seeing the ministers of the different evangelical Churches of the city take a part in this move- ment, yet, as a layman, he did not desire that they should have au the honour, but wished to have some small part of it. Ho had long seen the necessity for such a Mission as this, for his position had brought many frightfal oases under his notice, and from what ho had seen he was folly convinced that nine-tenths of the misery and vice of the «¡ty was caused by drunkonnoss, He hoped hy means of the Mission to make this fully apparent ; and when it was printed and published and the foots made known, ho trusted to see the Christian Churches of the colony arise end pat forth their strength and thrust oat the monster of intem- perance from amongst us. The Rev. T. SMITH, on rising to support the resolution, remarked that on many occasions had it been his privilego to advocate the canea of missions, having been at one time of life a missionary in connexion with the Country Towns Mission, and for a short period, before leaving England for Australia, in connexien with the London City Mission ; out he could truly say tint although he had ofttimes seen wondrous success attend the operations of missionaries engaged in such a work, it had never been his privilege to read over and see presented a report so con- clusive, so calculated to awaken the sympathies of all right minded people, and se calculated to justify the expressions used in the resolution bo had to support. He thought when ho took np this report that it was a seoond edition of the blessed Aots of the Apostles. There one had recited in a clear and perspicuous manner the great and glorious-doing« in connexion with. the firt-t- planting of thn Q.ispel of our blessed Lord and Saviour. Nearly two thousand years had now pawed since that g1« rious event, yet wo now found agents sent out imbued with the some spirit and engigiDg in ihn samo elorton« woik. Tbo result- that had followed the Bending liirlh »f the disoiples in tho early days of the 'Jhuroh had been evidenced in these dftjB, and made powerful to the con- version of precious souls-results that oheered the labourers and Bliaiulated the Churchee to inorease their number. The MICCCSSOH of thero missionaries in the dons of sin, ignorance, and misery wore achieved by the force of troth and the power of Christian love. The report omitted, however, to state that from two hundred to throe hun- dred persons, slaves to intemperanoe, had been In- duced to put away for ever that whioh had been their downfall. A great blessing was thus confetroi upon society in the aggregate. If you oonfor happiness upon one human being in the community, however unim 1 portant he might be to tho State in which he lived, he (Mr. Smith) believed he was right insajing yon confer a benefit upon the whole sooial fabric And, again, if the humblest ohild be neglected, left to live apart from a consciousness of i Divine Revelation, that child might live to exert an in- fluence for evil to thousands of the human family. Lot I that child go uncared for, untaught, and nnthought of, a waif and stray upon this ocean of life, and he might live to become a curse to socioty which he might have blossod if Christian love and sympathy had been ex- tended to bim in his early days. In this report was recited, in olear and beautiful (bocause simplo) language, how certain men and women had gone eut into the midst of sin and misery, and how certain results had been accomplished by their endeavours ; and when he sat reading it in his study, ho could not help shouting oat, .' Glory to.God and the Lamb." for the blessed effeots wrought by'that simple agenoy'of going from house to house, reading the Soripturee, praying, and turning the hearts of sinners onto God. It brought to his mind the reflection that that same agency whioh was so glorious and useful in the morning of the primitive Church was alive to-day,-that Jesus Christ is the samo yosterday, to- day, and for over ; and if we were earnest, mindful of our duties, and followed the example of the apostles, and thoEe who met In that " upper chamber," to pray for the blessing of the Holy Ghost upon their labours when thoy went out to preach the Gospel, we should yet see " tho solitary places made glad," and " the desert rejoice and * blossom as the rose." It was a great thing for preachers to see that the truth was ever poworful, notwithstanding the repeated attaoks upon the Holy Word by falso disciples and infidels. In this report we had the old story of the demoniao, and it foroibly brought to mind that scene whioh took placo on the slope of Gadara-that man who being possessed of devils refused the comforts and habits of human beings, and went into the wilds of Gadara to play among the dead in the sepulchre. It must bo reoollectcd how that man was spoken te by CbriBt, how his heart was changed, how the legion of dovila was expelled, and how ho sat down at the feet of Jesus, Uko a little child, clothed and in his right mind, seeking ' no more the homes of death and misery, uttering no longer the cry that fell upon the ears of the fishermen who plied their occupation on the sea of Galilee. We had demoniacs in theso days, men and women possessed of devils ; and we had hero an account of how, to a man like him of Gadara, the truth had proved mighty to salvation. We had also here the story of the Prodigal Son, and as thero was joy in Heaven over every einnor that repentoth, there had been much joy over these City Missions, and was thora not reason for all present here to rejoioe. He could not understand those whoso hearts and minds wero BO dead to everything that WOB right and beautiful as to refuse to pulsate at the record of the doings and success of these Missions. Was there not reason to rejoice in the fact that 170 children had been snatched from a stato of ignorance and sent to sohool -children whoso fathers and mothers cared not if they grew up in ignorance and crime. Lot us reflect for a moment that if any of us had trod the same footmarks as those in following whioh some of these poor ignorant beings had lost themselves, what would have been the difference in tho end ? (Hear, hear.) These missionaries had been engaged in training up ''children in the way they should go," so that " when they grew old they might not depart from it ¡" they wero taught to read and write, and above all to love God. We had reason to rejoice that Magdalen bad been brought out of the contaminating influence of the streets-men and women living in adultery had been married. If on the 11th, of this month we had reason to rejoice that a young man and young lady were married, how much greater reason was there to rejoice that sa old couple, who had boen living together in sis for many years, bad boon brought to a sense of their offence .before God, and. led to make a righteous union ! (Cheers.) The poor woman who waa found tied up, and had been released by the missionary, althongh she was degraded by intemperanoe, yet bore the j marks of humanity. S ho now went to church, had got a Bible (which she had not before), attended prayer meetings; the children wero sent to school, and the home was an al- tered one-indeed, it must be altered If the charaoter of the inmates be altered. We had to rejoice because a poor child, which woe about to be placed in a human shambles to be sold to the highest bidder, was rescued by the missionary, end brought under the kind and genial influence of a home. But the report said that what was wanted was money. He trusted that thejeheere which the audience favoured him with occasionally this evening were not like she ap- plause of the follow who, when a boar entered his house crept up the chimney, leaving his wife to en- counter the beast, end when she had killed it, timidly came down, and said, «. How well we did it." Nor was he dis- posed to ask thom to give, because what they gave away thoy would not miss ; ho did not respect that giving whioh wa» not associated with a fooling of Boorifico. It waa olear that God had sanctified the labours of these missionaries ; and there wasmorework than they oould do. It muBt ever bo borne in mind that there waB a sympathy of degradation Vhich led to ita extension ; and it was our duty to see that that sympathy was changed for sympathy with the good and righteous. When, after the Sermon on the Mount, the poor leper cried to Christ, the Redeemer did not stand at a distance, nor rebuke him for his errors, but gave him a leading hond, seeking by kind words of sympathy and love to lift him out of the mire. This was what the City Mission did. As to what each should give of his moans in support of this work the love of Christ must be the oonstraining power. If _ we loved Him, had been benefited by Him, and were animated by a single feeling of sympathy for those who were struggling to set human beings free from sin and misery, then we could freely give. In one house he had himself visited, he found the dead body of a woman over which children were playing at hop-and- eklp, and there was not a vesrfae of clothing except the retios of an old ragged gown-all spoke of horrible desolation, want, and ignorance-not a friend had been present when the soul left i's frail tenement-no one to minister a word of comfort or of peace-there had been no bright sunbeam of future joy to cheer her on her way to the shadow of death-all was misery, want, and destitution. Would not his hearers like to givo something to help oreatures like these poor chil- dren ? And not only let them give but talk of the society among their friends, peint to the evidences of suooess ; and ho waa satisfied that when the committee carno before the publio again, they would not have to read over a balance-sheet showing £90 deficiency. A noble cause comes seeking to you for help to-day, Vv'e appeal to you as Christians- you cannot utter nav To seek the lost and ruined-to pluck them from despair, That they in coming ages the love of Christ moy share. To tell them of a Friend who left HÍB home above, To lead the wanderers home to that bright land of love. Oh I do now give and help us, your hearts now open wide l our pockets, too, unbutton, that wo may get our hands inside, J, trust this evening's meeting will convey before wo part, The great and blessed truth-that you give with all your heart. That the young we see around us, and the old who are getting grey, May aid our City Mission by an offer ing large to-day. The Rev, R. HAHTLBY moved the second resolution Which was OB followB : I Thnt the labours of the missionaries having further evidenced i the vant amount of ignorance, crime, and wretchedness existing in tbii» city, and the adaptation of Christian effort to rescue the souls of men, tbi3 meeting pledges itself to uso evory means to sustain and extend the operations of the Sydney City Mission, I After remarking that previous speakers had forestalled I many oi the observations that he had intended to maka, the rev. gentleman referred to the allusion in the resolution to tho amount of ignorance, crime, and wretchedness exist- ing in Sydney. At the meeting held on behalf of this society last year, ono of the speakers expressed hie surprise that an institution of such a kind should be thought necessary, doubting whether the moral condition of Sydney waa what it had been repre- sented; and, considering that if it had boen truly dceoribed it did not reflect much oredit on the upper ' classes of society ; indeed he thought it could not be sa very bad, as there were so many ministers, and eo man; i Sabbath-schools in Sydney aa well as other agoneies, which ¡ wero calculated to correct the moral evils existing in society. However, the report that hod been read this evening i showed that it was not without a necessity that thoChristion brethren had united for the purpose of establishing the Sydney City Mission. Thero was a great deal of evil that met our eyes on passing through the streets, bat there i was a great deal more that would remain undiscovered , I unless we made on attempt to expose it. Solomon said ! " Tho wise man's eyes are in his head." "Why, where ought they to be ? In many oases it seemed as if they were in his pocket ; in many cases as if they were in his feet ; in many cases, almost anywhere but where they ought to be. It would seem as if some men must wear I wooden spectacles, surrouiided as they were with objects | which one would think must msve them to sympathy and rexcite them to Christian effort. Now the objoot of this , Society was to dig- to dig in those parts that others passed j by, that others made no enquiry about-felt no concern for. There was abundant evidence in the report I i that God had boen in this movement-that its agents had j not laboured in vain or spent their strength for nought. The resolution referred to the adoption of Christian efforts j that had been pnt forth for the souls of men. There were j proofs in these that the Gospel was cot that worn-out, threadbare system that some individnals hod alleged it to ? be. One might hoar on a Sabbath afternoon in Hyde Park a great deal of babbling in reference to the inefficiency of ' the Gospel and its agencies to accomplish the great pur- poses which it was pretended it would anBwjor. The fault j was not in the Gospel; that was the power of God unto j salvation, and it very frequently happened that God gave i His approbation to that Gospel when employed by the feeblest instrumentality. Angels were not selected to oarry the Gospel to fallen men, but men of ¡like passions with themselves. Angels might have delivered more eloquent discourses, and have produced impreassions that men would fall to produce ; but, for want of human sympathy with men, they would have failed in convey inff te einnere the tidings of salvation. Various forms of infidelity had been broached of tata, and people seemed te. be alruid »hut the. Church wns in danger ; b ii lee.tue Gospel be applied by men whose heurt« God h id touched, bv men who 1 umed with desire to se« God glonfiid in the salvation of rouis ; let th*m g'> down into the doptlis of doiriaáaiiiin, ai-d they would be suooessfal iu saving HOIHO BS pulling then, out of the fir*. In order that ths society might bo the mora succeisoful during tho coming year, it was needful that wo nmoif-st nvmpathv vvirh the um MonbrieB, and unite in earnest prayer to G -d for suouess. There wore many who o mid not contribute; uyaob money but they tould go round and colloct of others, Those who Went out collecting for s-oieliea were always encounte.ed with «he remark «Oh, you are always bogging." Bat whati MUU we do to raise the money exoept by collecting ? That, was the conolusicn to wbit'h Dr. Adam Clarke had arrived uu one occasion, when it was discussod which of tho mission ac- tions should be given up upon ita being found that the worn WBB increasing without a corresponding increase in toe funds; after going through the list ot stations to see whether either of them should be abandoned, the question was asked what should be dono ; and Ur. Claike exolauned -" And a begging wo will go" (Laughter.) If every individual connected with the various Christian Churches in Sydney wore to exert hiniBelf in this work of- colleuting for the City Mission, depend upon it a groat doal of money would soon be raised. He had heard ef a person who when asked to "remember the waiter," oomplied with the request literally by writing down the name of the waiter in his memorandum-book. This was the way in whioh some people remembered the various good institutions; they remembered that publio meetings wero held to support them, that agents were em- ployed by them, and that they had done a great deal of good; but they did not remember to put their hands inte their pockets in order to contribute towards the funds. If only the money that was now spent in tobacco, snuff, and intoxicating drinks, could be employed in promoting the glory of God, there -would be no lack of funds for suoh institutions as thiB. He bolieved that every ena of the city missionaries was a teetotaller ; if not he ought to bo, as nearly all of those whom they sought to benefit were degraded by intemperance. Ha hoped that not only would tho operations of this Booiety be sustained, bat that thoy weuld be extended. If we could only get a number of these missionaries at work, our churches and chapels would be filled and God would be glorified. (Cheers) Mr. T. B. ROLIN briefly seconded the resolution. The Rev. J. B. VETCH, in supporting the resolution, remarked that he need hardly say a single word in support of the pledge-to sustain and extend the operations of the City Mission-contained in the resointion. As to the esistenco of ignorance, vice, and wretchedness-that was plain enough. Everyone who had his eyes open, and who looked about him, must observe these things ; and farther evidence of them was given in the labours of the city mis- sionaries, and in the report of their labours that had just been read. Well, knowing the exietenoe of these evils we oleo knew that there was a piwer mightier than any legislation-the power of Divine live and of Christian effort, which could touch the hearts of men, and raise them from their degradation ; and we had seen how it was possible for the four missiona- ries- weak humon beings as they were-to go about amongst this vice and wretchedness, and to be instrumental in doing a great deal towards dispelling them. We had seen that the efforts of these missionaries had not only resulted in giving men the hope of heaven, and in resouing them from the dread of hell, but that they had also operated in giving them some comfort ia this world, and ia placing their children under influences which would tend to make them respectable members of sooiety, and to establish homes where there were none before. This being the case he uead not say anything to induce the friends of the society to put forth every effort in its behalf. Ho would, however, call upon thoso who could not personally assist iu visiting the homes of tho degraded, to give of their substance to the cause. He would ask them so to contribute that at the next meeting they might not have to report that thoy wore £1)0 in debt. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN announced that the collection hud amounted to £16 Is. 4d. Tho resolution was then put to the meeting, and was unanjmouBly agreed to. The Rev. Dr. LANG had been much obliged to the gen- tlemen of the committee for putting him down so low on the list of speakers, Inasmuch as if they had not done so he would have been debarred from the pleasure of taking part in the proceedings, having had, earlier in the evening, cleri- cal duty of another description to perform. He was, he was happy to say, the seventh on the list, and seven, as tbey were told, was the number of perfection, not that he, of course, claimed any such distinction for himself. (Laughter.) Last Saturday was the fortieth anniversary of his arrival in this colony, in which he had beon called by God's providence to labour as a minister, and in that capacity he rejoiced to think that so much waa being done by that sooiety for the welfare of the wretched and the destitute, a class which it behoved sooiety particularly to care for. It had been said by De Tocqueville that society in Christendom was rapidly tending towards a terrible consummation, and that if vigorous efforts were not soon made that consummation would too toon be accom- plished. No doubt could bo felt by all who considered the subject but that in these times determined efforts wero daily being made against the well being of Boclety-against the very existence of Christianity- efforts more persistent than had ever been made since the times of the Apostles, It was their duty as men and Christians steadily to oppose these efforts, and to be ready to do their utmest to obviate such a,etate of things. Ho had been forcibly struck with the necessity that there was In this city for some such institution as a Home for the Houseless Poor. Day after day brought cases under his notice, wheroin some suoh a placo of refuge was required for people coming into town from tho Muntry, peoplo who arrived on days when the Board of the Asylum did not happen to sit. He trusted that that meeting would give a new impulse to this institution, and be the means of giving it such a Btart as it deserved to have. It struck him that tho society only wanted to be better known to be still more liberally supported. The people of Sydney were not deficient in charity, as had been evidenced by them CB many occasions, and would oerdiaUy support tho society when it waa better known to toem. He begged to move, " That the thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby presented to the oommitteo and olDoers of the sooiety for their valuable services in the management of the institution during the past year, and that the follow- ing gentlemen be the officers and committee for the ensuing year :-Mr. J. H. Goodlet, honorary treasurer ; Rev. J. Eggleston, and Mr. Benjamin Short, honorary secretaries; Reva. P. P. Agnew. W. Allworth, B. Chapman, Dr. Ful- lerton, R. Hartley, S. C. Kent, Dr. Lang, J. B. M'Curo, N. Pidgeon, J. Reid, T. Smith, Dr. Steel, A. Thomson, J. E. Vetch, J. Voller; Messrs. J. 8. Adam, J. Caldwell, M L.A., E. W. Cameron, S. S. Goold, E. Joy, D. Jones, Dr. Moffitt, Dr. Neild, R. J. Horniman, F. K. Olliver, J. Richardson, T. B. Rolin. and E, Vickery." He must say that those gentlemen who had given their time to this good work had well deserved the thanks of the sooiety, and of the publio at large for the good they had effected. Mr. E. W. CAMBHON seconded the resolution, and said that he hod great pleasure in so doing, feeling, with his friend Mr. Caldwell, that laymen ought not to be behind hand on tho occasion, The cases of wretchedness and misery which occurred in this oity were unhappily but too numerous, and only too frequently under the notice of all classes of society. It would bo the office of that sooiety to seek out such cases, and ameliorate tbe wretchedness and destitution and vice which existed around thom. The resolution was then put and passed unanimously. On the motion of the Rev. ADAM THOMSON, the ohair was then vacated by Mr. Allen and ocoupigd by Mr. John Richardeon. The Rev. ADAM THOMSON had great pleasure in moving a vote of thanks to the Hon. George Allen for his kindness in presiding at their meeting. That he should do so, how- ever, was not surprising, as that gentleman was always one of the foremost in every good work. The Rev. JOHN ECCLESTON seconded the motion, whioh W8B carried by acclamation. Mr .ALLEN acknowledged the compliment, but expressed his opinion that the fact of being called upon to preside at a charitable meeting was an honour whioh rendered any vote i of thanks unnecessary. The Rev. Dr. STEEL then dismissed the meeting with the apostolic benediction. 