SUBURBAN POLICE. Emerald Hill. — (Before the Mayor and Mr Gar diuer.) — Janet Gilles was fined 10s, and 2s Gd costs, or in default, threo days' iraprisoinent, for using obscene and abusive language. — A warrant for committal for one month, was ordered to be issued against Mathew Reilly for non-payment of a previous order of court. — Several persons were fined in merely nominal penalties and costs of summons for commit ting nuisances. — Ellen Dunmore, chnrged with be ing drunk and using abusive and threatening language, was bound over in two sureties of £5 nnfli. mirl l-prsnlf in rfilO. in lrppn fho nunw frw three months. RICHMOND.—(Before the Mayor, Messrs Pinnock, Wilson and McCraa.)—Mary La Suter sued Samuel Sitch for detaining a carpenter's bench and tools, value £5. The case was dismissed, as the plaintiff, who is a widow, had not taken out letters of admini- stration.—Bosworth sued Robt. Wigmore for £6 9s for goods. There was no appearance for tho defen dant, and an order was granted for the amount, with 2s Gd cost3. — Verity sued P. C. Mills for £2 18s for goods. Amount awarded, with 2s Gd costs. — Isaac Polling sued Robert M'Williams for £2 18s for work. Verdict for the plaintiff, with 2s Gd costs. — Bridget Murray wns fined £2 for allowing a cow to wander. — Alice Fleury was fined 5s for allowing a goat to wander. — Elizabeth Cubley, charged with using obscene and abusive language towards Louisa Rey nell, was ordered to find two sureties, each iu tho sum of £25, that she would keep tho peaco for six months. Mysterious Affair. — Pepper's ghost is beaten by a real, substantial ghost, now living occasionally at Smeaton, and, spectre-like, sometimes changing his residence to Kingston. The following brief out lino will throw some light on the subject : — On Sa turday, tho 22nd November last year, an inquest was held on tho body of James Smith, a gardener, aged 53 years, unmarried. Mr Anthony Dockery then gave evidenco that ho had known the deceased for the last eight months, that he (deceased) had left his employ about three months ago, and had seen him alivo' the last timo about six weeks ago. Richard Jones identified tho body. Dr Rocho ex amined the body, and fonnd two scalp wounds, which, as he stated, might havo been occasioned by a fall. Tho skull was uninjured. Ho believed tho body of deceased to have beon in the water more than a fortnight. Constable Gowon deposed that ho had searched the body, found a knife, a purse and a shilling on his person. From tho position in which the deceased was found, tho constable believed that ho had fallen from a rock - 15 feet high into tho creek. Tho following verdict was returned : — 'Deceased was found drowned on tho 21st November, 1862. The jury aro of ojiinion that he was accidentally drowned about two weeks ago.' It has subsequently turned out that tho man Uliuuuu bu IB iiut ueuu, uut iui) c, uuu man xio uiuf ? been seen moving about in good health, by several persons who know him well, and who havo not the least doubt about Ms identity. Tho body of the de ceased man having been in the water for about a . fortnight, there is no doubt that the features, by tho time the inquest was hold, had undergone such an alteration as easily to mislead the witnesses, and, as no other individual iu the neighborhood was missing ? at tho time, a verdict of the jury was returned in accordance with tho evidenco. Wo hear that steps aro being taken to clear up, if possible,, this mysterious affahyand to obtain a clue as to the identity of tho man who is really dead, and whose remains wero taken for thoso of James Smith, the gardener. As ten months have now elapsed sinco ? tho inquest was hold, tho exhumation of tho body— . if ordered — would, wo believe, not furnish much additional information. Sinco the above is in type, . we learn that Mr W. B. Lees, the district coroner,, received an official intimation from tho police, through Constable Wilkinson, confirming our re marks a3 to the existence of James Smith, the man referred to.. It appears that, prior to tho in quest being held, a warrant for his arrest was issued, and thus explains why Smith kept out of the waj\ The re2-ort alluded to has been forwarded to tho Attorney-General, who, very likely, will order further steps to be taken in. the matter..— Cresv.itk Advertiser, October 14, i 