EVENTS OF THE MONTH. From June 12 to June 19. An agreeable diversion from local politics Was. enjoyed ou Monday morning by tho receipt of our telegraphic despatch- of tho nows by tho April mail-steamer from England, In addition to the regular advices to the 2Gth of April we had intelligence via Suez to the 6th May. There are " wars, and rumors of wars," which by no means tend to that harmony amongst human kind which is the best guarantee of the social and political well-being of nations. The Rockhampton people are urging on the attention of the Postmaster-General their claims for more frequent mail communication with other important parts of the colony. Fine weather has set in, and, though unusually cold for this time of year, it is uni- versally acceptable after the recent continuous rains. Lieutenant Harris, of the Native Police Force has been arrested, charged with the wilful murder of Mr. Gilbert Elliott's black- boy, who was shot by aboriginal troopers under the command of that officer on the 20th April last. We published an extraordinary communica- tion on Monday last detailing what our cor- respondent was pleased to style " slavery in the Kennedy." By the ruling of a local magistrate the aboriginal natives can be transferred from one stock-holder to another in the same way that a bullock is bought and sold. If half what is stated be true the case calls for the prompt interference of the Executive. Tho examination of tho pupils attending the Rev. Bowyer E. Shaw's Collegiate School, Brisbano, took place recently and was highly satisfactory to all concerned. It bas beon denied, on authority, that Traveller was " scratched" for tba Brisbano Handicap on account of the weight ho was to have carried in the race. The reason wns that his " winning" would intcrfcro with his engagements in Now South Wales. The sum of £300 was forwarded by the government to the Police Magistrate at Rock- hampton, to enable him to make provision for the emigrants from Lancashire by the Hannah More. A public moeting " to ascertain whether the electorate is satisfied with the result" of the Ease Moreton election, was convened for Tuesday evening ; but it lapsed, owing to tho small attendance. Captain Towns, who was recently spoken of in connection with the South Brisbane election, has again accepted a seat in the Legislative Council of New South Wales. The South Australian Govurnmunt lins carried through parliament a new teviff, of which the imposition of ad valorem duties is the leading principle. " Settling Day" for the Brisbane Races and Steeple Chases passed off satisfactorily on Mondav. The Pilot Board of Queensland has awarded £12 to Mr. Grant for damage done to his fishing boat by the steamer Brisbane. Mr. Randal Macdonnell, tho proprietor of the North Australian newspaper, has been ordered by the Ipswich bench to pay £5 as damages and £7 odd as professional costs for disobeying an order of the court, in not de- livering up a manuscript document which was depositcd in his custody to be printed. An unfortunate man, named Martin Flagherty, a prisoner in the Brisbane Gaol, attempted to commit suicide on Saturday last by jumping from a balcony. He was seri- ously injured. A fire of an alarming character oc- curred at the Victoria Hotel on Tues- day night, by which an extonsive range of stables and the billiard room were wholly consumed. The hotel itself narrowly licaped destruction. Though many privato citizens exerted themselves in tho most praiseworthy manner to subdue tho flames, it was evidont that Brisbane sadly uoods an effi- cient fire brigado. By telegram we learn that a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle has been received by the Governor of South Australia, stating that there shall be no new penal establishments in Australia. The library of the School of Arts, North Brisbane, has received a valuable addition of between three and four hundred volumes. On Tuesday evoning, tho store of Mr. Un mack, in Quoon-stroot, was burglariously entered, and a cash box containing money, promissory notes, and other papers of value, stolen therefrom. The Brisbane bakers have raised the price of bread twopence on the four-pound loaf, which is now sold for one shilling. Tho Volunteer Band gave a concort on Friday evening, in tbo South Brisbano Mechanics' Institute. The excitcmont of tho general election is nearly at an end. Sinoa last week, thu most interesting and important items are?tho ro- turn of Messrs Cballinor, Bull, and Herbert, for West Moreton ; and tho extraordinary exhibition of ill- humour and disappoiutinont on the part of ono at luast of the defeated candidates. Mr. Douglas bas boon ro-oloctcd without opposition for tbo Port Curtis dis- trict. For tho Burnott, thu Messrs. Mac- kenzie and Haly aro to bu opposed by a Mr. Edwards ; Mr. Groom has been ro-cloctcd for Drayton and Toowoomba; and Mr. Wein holt has been roturned to represent Warwick From June 19 to Juno 2G. A meeting of the Queensland Rifle Associ- ation was held on Thursday afternoon, and there was a good attendance of members. Rules for the government of the association were adopted, and an influential council ap- pointed. It was resolved that the next rifle shooting meeting take place on the 25th August; when we hope to see a numerous and spirited competition. The intercolonial telegraph has been im- practicable for half the week, owing to con- tinted interruptions to communication on the New South Wales line. Seven bales of cotton, from the Queensland Cotton Company's plantation, at Ipswich, have been forwarded to Sydney by the Tele- graph, steamer, for transhipment to England. The New South Wales Rifle Volunteers have again achieved a signal triumph in a great match with the riflemen of South Australia. A publio meeting was hold on Thursday evening to take into consideration thu manner in which tho recent election for East Moreton was conductud. The lecture ball of the School of Arts was nearly filled by an iutor estod audience, who, though not remarkable for orderly conduct, wero pretty unanimous in opinion. Mr. William Brookes, ono of tbo defeated candidates, wboio position at the poll waa next to thu mombors uloct, addressed tho meetiug at length. Suvoral other gentle- men spoke to a resolution, which ,after somo slight opposition, originating in a dosiro to bring tho whole proceedings into ridicule, was carried, to tho effect: that tbo uloction had boen conducted in a manner unjust to thu electorate, and, "as a political precedent," it il eUngeroi s to tbo whole colony." At thu close of tho meeting, Mr. T. S. Wurry, M.L.A , who was present nil tho evening, mounted tho platform and said his say with refer enoe to tho inuttotM nt issue ll in certain that ulterior proceedings will bu taken, and that tho legality of tbo tunuro on whioh one at least of thu representatives ol' East Moroton holds his seat will bu tustcd before tho Coinmitluo of Elections and Quali- fications. The Committee of the Queensland Accli- matisation Society held a meeting on Thurs- day aftornoon, and many matters of interest were brought under consideration. Amongst those were the desirability of at once en- closing the society's reserve in York's Hol- low, which by the liberality of the govern- ment has been increased to forty acres; and ?Jio neoosslty for some private member of tho Assombly to movo parliament for a graiit-in-aid, Ibu ministry being unwilling to initiate, though ready lo support, au application ol' tlie hind. Valu- able communications were read respecting the acclimatisation of the alpacca, and the introduction of the sugar-cane. Mr. Gilbort Davidson, of Canning Downs, has offered to dispose of his flock of lama-alpacas to the so- ciety ; and Messrs. Towns and Co., of Syd ney, have advised the society that a quantity of sugar canes has been ordered from Mauri- tius. Contributions of native animals have been received by the hon. secretary during the current week. A brigade order has been issued to the Volunteer Corps of Brisbane, requiring them to go through a course of musketry instruc- tion under the direction of Mr. Edward Deshon, late instructor of musketry to the 68th Regiment. We havo long thought that tho rolitntool' lllovcmout in this colony was rather rotrogado, for tho reason that individual membors havo had no opportunity of acquiring skill in tho uso of tho riflo according to tho approved systom pursued at Hythe, and imparted by coinpo tont instructors not only to tho volunteers of Great Britain, but to thoso of tho other Aus- tralian colonios. Wo shall now look forward to a bottor stato of things in Queensland. A man named George Taylor, was killed a few days ago by the wheel of a bullock dray passing over his head. The accident occurred at the Five-mile Water Hole, on the Warwick road. Thomas Henry Hales was brought before tho Ipswich polico court on Tuusday last, charged with deserting bis wifo in Sydney, to which place ho was romnnded. News from Taranaki to the 6th instant has boen received, with details of a spirited brush between her Majesty's forces and the rebel Maories, near that place. The latter were strongly entrenched behind a redoubt and in rifle-pits on open ground, from which they had for some time been annoying one of the Queen's outposts. At daylight one morning they were surprised and driven from their position at tho point of the bayonet, with a considerable loss. General Cameron com- manded the expedition. Colonel Warre, with a detachment of the 57th Regiment, acquitted himself so gallantly, that he and his men were complemented by the General on the field. The Colonel and several of his men have served in the Crimea; and the newspapers aro elate nt this latust ovidonco of what can bo dono by good mon properly led. It is considered that tbo Maorios will regard this early rovcrso in tho most serious'light. Tho Ipswich Municipal Council have initi- ated a movement for securing a constant supply of good water for the town. Not all the bakers of Brisbane have raised the price of bread, and there is some opposi- tion to their unjustifiable and unreasonable combination, even by members of their own trade. If themselves are to be believed, the practice of using damaged flour and other deleterious compounds in making bread Is not uncommon. Tho Freemasons of Brisbane celebrated St. John's Festival, on Wednesday, by a ban- quet and other ceremonials specially apper- taining to tho craft. An old colonist of New South Wales, Cap- tain Pyke, recently died in France, having bequeathed £1000 to the Destitute Children's Asylum, and £500 to the Sailors' Home, at Sydney. On Tuesday evening, a gentleman named Pollard attempted to commit suicide while laboring under temporary insanity. He cut his left wrist across, completely severing the veins and arteries; and he attempted to drown himself in the water-hole in Albert-street, from which he was with difficulty rescued. The sufferer now lies in a very precarious state, in the Brisbane Hospital. The third anniversary of the Brisbane Con- gregational Church was celebrated on Sunday last, by appropriate religious services. On Tuesday evoning a public tea meeting was held in the church, Wharf-street. The Police Magistrate was, a few days ago, called upon to defray the expense of pro- viding a coffin for the burial of the child of a poor woman residing at South Brisbane, who was destitute of means. A detachment of four and twenty rank and file of the 12th Regiment marched to Break- fast Creek and back on Wednesday last for exercise. The men carried complete equip- ments, including knapsacks and haversacks. The Brisbane Municipal Council held an ordinnry meeting on Monday last. Tho pro- ceedings were, for the most part, of a formal character. However, for thu better Carrying out of tho nocossnry works of tho corporation tho Council havo appointed a Clerk of Wurks; and a resolution was adopted to call for plans of wharves and stores to bo constructed at tho placo known as tho Market Wharf. Thu ferry bye-laws havu been approved of by tho Govornor. After a very protracted voyage from the Mersey, the Hannah More put into Moreton Bay last Monday for provisions. She was originally destined for Rockhampton, with the majority of the immigrants on board, making in all four hundred and twenty souls. Those include several of the distressed cotton operatives sent out from Lancashire by Mr. Jordan. There was considerable mortality on the voyage, not fewer than 35 deaths having oc- curred through typhus fever, scarlatina, and measles ; and, as hooping cough still exists amongst the emigrants, they have been or- dered into quarantine. As the captain, on first landing at Brisbane, represented that there was no sickness on board the ship, it would be but an act of justice to the com- munity at large to inflict upon him the penal- ties of such false report. Tho Cornwallis, ship, from London, arrived in Moreton Bay on Tuesday, bringing a large cargo and ten passengers. It is said that tho government have engaged an able engineer to make a survey of tho pro- posed railway to Dalby, on tho lino marked out by tho late Tramway Company. The Rockhampton Municipal Council have made a blunder by electing, contrary to law, a successor to Mr. Mansfield on the very day on which they accepted that gentleman's resignation of the office of mayor. It is argued that the council should not have been so precipitate, but should have waited till their next meeting. The Peak Downs Copper Company have recently forwarded some exceedingly rioli specimens of copper oro to Sydney, for assay. Preparations for tho forthcoming Warwick Races promise a successful moot. The Weekly Herald has ceased to oxist, after the issue of only eight numbers. A ministerial crisis has occurred in Vic- toria, and the O'Shanassy-cum-Duffy iniuistry have resigned. Lieutenant Harris, of the native police force, who had been arrested for the murder of Mr. Gilbert Eliott's black boy, was re- leased last week on his parole. A public meeting was held in the Brisbane School of Arts on Monday evening, in further- ance of the movement to honor the memory of Daniel O'Connell, by the erection of a monument in Dublin. There were about a hundred persons present, and their proceed- ings were marked by perfect unanimity of feeling. Tbo bill recently passod by tho pnrlinmont of New South Wales for tho abolition ol' State-aid bas received tbo Royal nssont. A step in tlie right direction has huon nguiu essayed by tho committee of tho Brisbane School of Arts, who have offered a prir.o for tho host design for a now building for tho purposes of this association, lt is to ho hoped that Uioy will not. patlso until they bestow on the city n hall of assembly worthy of our metropolitan importance, The Boomerang, steamer, has been removed from her position of danger in the Fitzroy River, and is undergoing such repairs as will enable her to make the voyage to Sydney, where she will be subjected to a thorough overhaul. Public attontion is being directed lo tho reckless mid wholesale destruction'nf oysters which is going on in Moreton Hay, tbe lime- burners drag thu beds and burn tho oysters by thousands with the coral that sn much abounds in tho Bay. It is highly desirable that somo steps should ho promptly talton for tho preserva- tion of "tim mil I voa"?a most delectable mid delicate) edible in a country where food luxuries mo not easily prociirablu 'for "love or money." Sir Henry Barkly is appointed Governor of Mauritius, and he will be succeeded in Victoria by Sir Charles Darling. H. M. ships Curacos, 31 guns, and Elk, 26 guns, have been appointed to the Australian station. Mr. P. C. Cunningham gave one of his "Readings" at the South Brisbane Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening, and since that time he has visited Ipswich, for the purpose of giving a series nf entertainments. The Brisbane Volunteer Artillery fired a royal salute on'Saturday last, in honor of the anniversary of the accession of her Majesty Queen Victoria. The English mails arrived in Brisbane on Sunday night, per the Telegraph. As the steamer came up the river, she run down a lighter, with eight people on board ; but fortunately no one was lost. The accident is attributable to the smaller vessel having been moored in mid-stream without exhibiting a light. Tho Parliament of Now South Wales was oponed hy tho Governor in person on Tuesday Inst, Tho telegram that convoyed to us this information stated further that tho opening spooeli was not satisfactory to thu Assembly, mid that an amendment on tho address was looked for. Thero is littlo oluclionooiiiig nows this week. Tbo election for tho Wostorn Downs and Maranoa districts aro doubtless by this time docidod ; but wo havo received no authentic information with reference thereto. Tho Polico Magistrate has appointed chief constnblo Lewis, Inspector of Woights and Measures for tho city and district of Bris- bane Our fleet of river steamers has received a considerable accession lately. The Settler and the Gnering, which have some time past been undergoing alteration, both made trial trips this week, on the Brisbane river, with satisfactory results. It will be remembered that thc lust mentioned is.a colonial built vessel. The Redbank, another small steamer has arrived from Sydney and will shortly engage with the others on the large and rapidly increasing trade on the Brisbane and Bremer Rivers. From Juno 2G to July 3. The completo returns.iof tho olections for tho Western Downs mid tbe Burnott Districts aro to Int nil. Mr. li. R. Mackenzie and Mr. Edwards havo boen elected to represent thc Burnett; ono of thu old members, Mr. Haly, having boen rejected. Tho returns for tho Western Downs woro liol received till to- day, As oxprossivo of their satisfaction with their old membors, Ibu constituents havo re-elected tho hon. Mr. Moffatt and Mr. Taylor, both having a very largo majority over Mr. White When tho results nf tbo elections for Maranoa nnei tho Leichhardt are known, tho country will have se.en tbo last of thc second goncrnl election in Queensland. Tho Ipswich 'Municipal'' Council has engaged thu survices of Mr. Oldham, CE., to verify tho survey mado somo yonrs sinco between tbo Bremer and Brisbane Rivers, for the purpose of supplying tho town with water from thc latter. Sydney boating men rejoice in tho circum- stance of tho Prince of Wales being thc patron of tho Sydney Yacht Club. Wo under- stand that a letter was received by thu last mail from his Royal Highness, signifying that ho was pleased to bo so connected with the club. Several important sales of stations and stock are reported to have taken placo during tho week. According to tho local paper, tho " settling'' for tho Warwiok Races was by no moans ol' a biirinniiious character. Tho decisiou of tho stewards on the disputes raised anent tho back nico and tho publicans' purso, did not appear to give ..general, satisfaction to nil interested, and such torins as " black log'' woro addressed to tho goiitlumnn 'occupying the. most responsible and thankless position in connection with tho Warwick mooting. Sickness amongst the passengers of the Hannah More is decreasing, there being, at latest advices, only five cases of hooping cough on board. In this case it seems a pity that the passengers should be kept on board the ship as she lies at anchor. They might with advantage be sent ashore on one of the islands, to take exercise and enjoy some re- laxation. On Tuesday last adepntatiou lind an interview with tbo Colonial Secretary, with reference to tho disposal of tho immigrants, and to ascertain definitely if it was tho inten- tion of the'government to forward thom to tho" northern districts or land thuin at Bris- bano. Mr. Uorburt stated Hint the immi- grants would be forwarded direct from More- ton Bay to Rockhampton by steamer. Tho Governor of South Australia, Sir Dominic Daly, bas provoked much inoriimont in Adelaide by tho issue e.f nn order of prece- dence and regulations requiring civil servants to appear in uniform at levees and on public occasions. A public mooting was hold in tho Munici- pal Council Cliiinibor on Thursday ovouing for tho formation of " a Liberal Registration Society, for the purpose of insuring to its members tho right ol'voting in nny doctorate whore they may bo untitled to claim thu privilege" Resolutions affirming Uris object woro adopted, and an influential committeo appointed to draw up rules mid regulations for tho guidance of tho association. Public attention bas boen directed to tho impropriety of persons depositing "newspa- pers" in tho iron pillar receivers in tho city mid suburbs. Tho rocoivcrs bnvo boon erected for tho deposit of " letters " only. The house occupied by Mr. F. Smith, in William-street, was destroyed by fire on Wed- nesday evening, with nearly every article of furniture and apparel belonging to his family. The fire originated purely by accident. It appears that Mrs. Smith was driving the mosquitos from her child's bed when the curtains were wafted towards the candle, and immediately blazed up. In the disinterested exertions of the Brisbane Fire Brigade to prevent the flames oxtending to tho adjacent prcmisos, tho wnnt of adequate organization nnd appliances for such an emorgoncy wns painfully apparent. Thu Ju'dgos havo boen ongngod in torin nnd insolvency sittings during tho week. During June the Brisbane Hospital was occupied by twenty-four paying, and seventy four pauper patients. There were four deaths. The repairs to the hull of the Everton having been completed at Towns' wharf, she has been ordered to the ba, where she will be equipped for sea. It may be interesting to know that her owners have changed the ship's name, and she will henceforth be known as the Lady Bowen, after the amiable wife of His Excellency the Governor. Tho Boomornng, steamer, which wns stranded somo timo ago in tho Fitzroy Rivor, is approaching a "ship-shape " condition, and will shortly bo ready to proceed to Sydnoy, wilclo she will bo docked. The Beejapore, ship, from Liverpool, with 700 immigrants of all grades, arrived in Keppel Bay on the 25th ultimo. It seems that the ship was overcrowded ; for not fewer than thirty-four deaths occurred on the voyage. Children suffered very much. Probably an official in- quiry as to the equipment of the ship will be held. Shortly after her arriving in port a number of the seamen struck work, and, having been brought before the local autho- rities, were sentenced to three months' im- prisonment for their misconduct. As there is no suitable lock-up at Rockhampton, the in- subordinates were brought thence to Bris- bane by the Queensland, steamer, and twenty-seven of them are now in "durance vile" within the walls of the metropolitan gaol. The members of the Civil Service in Bris- bane have held three meetings this week, to consiilcr thu provisions of a bill which has buen prepared for tho regulation of tho go- vernment departments and thu classification* ol' tho officers engaged therein. The Cairngorm, ship, from Liverpool, brings to Brisbane 340 immigrants, more than half of whom are from Greenock. Although the ship had a good voyage, there was sickness amongst the children on board, and twelve died. She has, however, been passed with a clean bill of health. A steamer went down to the bay yesterday for the passengers and their luggage. Complaints have been made in public of the inadequate protection extended to the city reservoir, to which cattle occasionally gain access. The Volunteer Band gave a moonlight concert in the Botanic Gardans on Monday night, which was well attended. Tho first nicolir.g of tho now Council of tho Ride Association lapsed on Wednesday for want of a quorum. Much a had beginning docs not augur woll for tho future Tho representatives of AVost Moreton mid Ipswich woro entertained by their consti- tuents nt a banciuot, on Tuosdny evoning, in the Ipswich' School of Arts. It wns a vory successful affair, viowod as a ministerial ovation; hut somo of tho speeches delivered on tho occasion wore of a character that could hardly boar tho " morning's reflection " of even those who uttered thuin. No doubt cor tain members of tho ministry will find tho road to political succoss rather impeded on accouut of thoso same speocbos. Tho foundation stone of a Primitive) Metho- dist Church was laid in tho neighborhood of Oxloy Crook on Wednesday. On Monday night a shipwrecked crew ar- rived at Lytton in a small vessel of their own construction. They numbered in all ten per- sons, and had belonged to the schooner, Prince of Denmark, which was wrecked off the Chesterfield Group, on the 19th March last. No lives were lost by the disaster, and the crew, under the direction of Mr. J. B. Bennett, the master, built a large boat from the portions of the wrecked vessel. The namo of the boat is, not inappropriately, "The Hamlet's Ghost." The O'Connell Monument Committee have appointed collectors to canvass subscriptions. Mr. T. V. Dudgeon is treasurer. The revenue table for tho quarter ending 30th Juno, lins boen issued from tho Treasury. Thc revenue from all sources was £02,750 5s. Sd., hoing an increase), of £8821 17s. 9d.-on tho corresponding quarter of 1SG2. The half-yearly balance-sheet of the Moreton Bay Savings' Bank, just issued, shows an un- precedented increase in the business of the institution. Mr. Groom, M.L.A, tho representative of Dmyton mid.Toowoomba, was entertained at a dinner hy bis constituents on Monday. . . Madagascar is in a stato of rebellion, audit is icported that thc now king lias boon assas- sinated. The'American'consul-was mur- dered, and tho livus of tho other consuls threatened. , A very agreeable concert* wns given on Thursday ovening, in . tho South Brisbane Mechanics' Institute This evening tho Ciilodouiau Society gave a pleasing concert iu thu School of Arts, the proceeds of which nro to bo devoted to the assistance of thu " distressed Scotch imm i giants" by tho Cairngorm nnd other ships to arrive Tho police magistrate of Ipswich has pro- nounced this dictum--that a person who in- cites a clog to attack another person is as much guilty of- an assault as if he struck the person with his hands. Bushranging is on the increase in New South Wales, and tho-inefficiency of tho polico is becoming over-May moro apparent. The German inhabitants of Brisbane aroor giini.-ing, with a viuw to qualifying themselves by naturalisation to exorcise thc privileges of British subjects mid citizens. Two meetings on tho subject havo boon already hold. A temperance lecture was delivered at tho School of Arts on Tuesday evoning, by tho Rev, J. Towiiund. Mr. Paul Atkinson opened a new choral class in Brisbane on Tuesday evening, which promises to tako its place amongst our local " institutions " Later American and English nows lins boon received via Sydney, tho main fenturo nf which is, that a groat battle has boon fought at Vicksburg, in which tho Confede- rates suffered what appears to hu a dofeat. At other placos also tho Confederates have hoon worsted. In Moxico tho French nro unsuccessful. Mr. Adams, tho Federal States miiiistur at Loudon, has given explanation anont his franking ships; but tho Emperor of tho French is not satisfied, A new administration has been formed in Victoria, to suocuod tho O'shanassy cum Dully ministry. It soonis to bo popular. A now Electoral Act has rocoivud tho royal assent. Tho South Australian Ministry lins re- signed. A telegram from Sydney states that Mr. Forbes, Manager of tho Oriontal Balik, shot a man in a street light, Sunday last hoing tho anniversary of tho coronation of her Majnsty tho Queen, tho Volunteer Artillory fired a roynlj saluto in honor of tho auspicious ovent. Tlie Pinto, ntoamur, left Syclnoy ou tho 2Gth ultimo for Brisbane, and has not since been heard of. A littlo girl named Esthor Bridgos, was accidentally drowned at thoOuo- MiloSwamp, last Friday. Sho had been sent to got a bottlo of water from a hole. Messrs. A. lt. Brown and W. Hi.Yaldwyn havo rosignod their seats in tho Logislutivo Council. Tho resignation of tbo Hon. ll. Pring, Attoriioy-Gonoral, who lins boon elected to represent Ipswich, was gazottod at tho same time From July 3 to July 10. Tim non-nppearanco of tho steamer Pinto, which loft Sydney for Brisbano a fortnight ago, has givon risc to tho most serious appre- hensions. It is feared that sho has foundorod or has hoon dismasted and driven out to sea in a boavy galu which prevailed on tho 28th ultimo. Telegraphic despatches for all tho soiithorn colonies refer to rccont gales on tho coasts, mid two shipwrecks aro reported for Victoria. Tho Now South Wales Govern- ment has dospntcbod a steamer to search for tho Pluto. Tho recent appointments of now membors to thc Legislative Council, and which include tho Parliamentary Draftsman, who has been promotud to tho post of "ministerial leader" of tho Uppor Houso, havo ovoked a fooling of sur- prise nt tho injiidiciouspolicy of Misgovernment. Tho public mind bas boen much agitntod by it during tho wool;. It is certain that thoso appointments (or, nt loast, tho ono moro par- ticularly referred to) will form tho subjcot of inquiry in both houses on tho mooting of par- liament. The Ipswich press condemns in strong terms the appointment of a son of the Hon. A. Macalister to the office of Clerk of Petty Sessions in that town. Thu second mumal exhibition of tho R03-.1l Agricultural Sooioty of Queensland was hold to-day at Toowoomba. According to tho lntost returns of tho elec- tion for Maranoa, tho representative of this district in tho new Logislutivo Assombly will bo Mr. Kennedy, Nows luis hcun rocoivod from New Zealand to tho otl'cot that tho Imperial Government has givon tho colonists an assurance that amplo forces to quell tho Maori insurrection will bc furnished. Governor Grey is now adopting a war policy. lt appears that tho now ministry of South Australia has sustainod a defeat in Parlia- ment, and that further changes in tho govern- ment are in contemplation. Wo mu t, how- ever, admit that tho accounts aro very vague Tbe quarlorly mooting of tho School of Arts was hub! un Thursday uvuiiing, when it appeared that thu institution is inadequately supported by thu public. Tbero must bu a reason for this, mid it would bo well fur the committee to make un exertion to discover it. Tho Brisbane Volunteer Riflo Corps mus- tered in good fni-cu lust Saturday at thu Com- manding Officer's parade, and mouthers havu thereby becomu untitled to their uniforms. Several nuw members have recently been unrolled. At tho half yearly meeting ol' the corps, which was bold this week, measures for improved discipline Wei'-, adopted. Amongst thc things likely to prciiuoto the Volunteer innvuiiieiit is the mcuting of tho j Queensland ltillo Association, which is ap- j pointed to take placo in August noxt. Tho programme of matches to' bo shot has boen issued, and it gives promise that tho mooting will bo a very brilliant affair. A citizen has odored a silver cup to bo compote! for by tho Riflo Voliiutodrs when tho corps numbers fifty men. His Honor Chief Justico Cocklo has loft town to preside nt tho Toowoomba Assizes, which cominbnco on Monday next. Wo re- gret that tho oriminal calendar isa heavy one A youug mau has died from tho bite of a centipede, nt Braidwood, in New South Walos. Tho council of tbo Acclimatisation Socioty met on Thursday last, whon thc receipt of sovoral interesting donations wns acknow- ledged. On Tuesday evening, tho Philosophical Sociuty bold its usual monthly meeting. Tbo proceedings were of a formal character. His Excellency tho Governor having declined the offico of President, his -Honor Chief Justico Cocklo was oleoted, and it was resolved to request the Governor to bc patron of tho Society. Tho Supreme Court, on Saturday last, re- versed tho judgmont of Chief Justice Cockle iu tho suit of Porter v. tho Municipality of Brisbane, and nonsuited thc plaintiff. Tho Hannah More, ship, has been released from quarantine, and tho majority of tbo im- migrants has boen forwarded to Rockhamp- ton. Tho Right Rov. Dr. Tnffnoll is making a pastoral tour through tho i»torior, in further- ance of tho interests of tho Church of Eng- land. Tho usual fortnightly meeting of tho Bris- bane Municipal Council was held on Monday last, aud tho Mayor was instructed to apply to government for a firo engine, to bo placed under tho management of tho military garri- soned in tho oity. Three seamen belonging to tho steamer Clarence havo boon sentenced to six weeks' hard labour in Brisbano gaol, for stealing goods .belonging to a passenger by that steamer. Fivo of the crow of tbo ship Cairn- gorm have boon sentenced to three months' bard labour for dosorfion. A conference on Presbyterian Union was hold in Brisbane last week, tho result of which is most hopefully regarded by all in- terested. Nincteon of tho crow of tho Hannah More, including tbo second matu and boatswain, havo boon taken up by tho Water Polico for refusing to do duty on board that ship. They volunteered to pull tho boat, in which thoy woro brought by Inspector M'Donald, all the way to Brisbane and did so. Tho Nuw Zealand Government havo issued a proclamation, allowing tho importation ol' cattle from Queensland to that colony. Ono street row has occurred during tho week, in which a constable was sovuroly handled. It took placo in the afternoon in Qneon-stioot. Tburo is still a prevalence ol' midnight " larks," sovoral door plates having boon removed from offices; in ono instance that belonging to Mr. Doyle, tho solicitor, wns nailed on to tho door of tho Wesleyan Chnpel. Mr. Cunninghame, whoso readings havo boon so much admired, has loft Brisbane for Rockhampton, according to an invitation ho rcccivod. It is au on dit that Mr. Frederick Young is likely to pay this colony a visit. Tho last papers from Sydnoy report tho provalonco, to a larger oxtont than ovor, of raids by Gilbert's corps, and tbo correspon- dent at Young gives a fearful picture of tho 'atrocities perpetrated by tho now celebrated gang. Tho telegraphic nows from Melbourne re- ports tho rc-oloction of tho mombors of tho now ministry thoro. Mr. Micbio, a former Attorney-General, hae accepted tho appoint- ment of Minister of Minos without a scat in thu houso. A mooting of tbo nowly-formed Literary Socioty was held at Mr. Pugh's office but, owing to tho number of gontlcmon present, it wus adjourned to tho Municipal Council Cbnnibors. Officers woro elected, rulos were adopted, subscriptions paid, and everything passed oil' iu a manum' which promises weil for tho future of tho sociuty. 