REAL PROPERLY IN VIOIORIA. While we have been congratulating ourselves on the recognition and adoption of 'Mr. Torrens's Act in tho other colonies, a Mr. Thomas Parsons, barristcr-at- law, of Mel uuuijjc, uaa uauc wo maniing discovery uiai ' Title is humbug, and such measures as tin Real Property Act do nothing to rout th- humbug.' We assure our readers that thii gentleman has actually published a pamphlet of which the words wo have just quoted fora tbe first eentencc. That pampliiet, which hai the pretentious title, 'An offer to frame am initiate the administraiion of Real Propertj Law,' is quite a curiosity of literature in it- nay. Mr. Parsons has sent us bis productioi with a request that we will insert in oui columns a word propirly condemning tin work, if we think condemnation is its due As that is most emphatically our opinion wf have great pleasure in thus far obliging the author. Ho tells us, moreover, that ' such ii (lie influence of the legal profession and llic state of the Press here, that though it has beer in the hands of tho editors of our three dailies for about ten days, yet it remains wholly uiv noticed.' CritieUms on its litciary style an deprecated, end it is admitted that ' it is, as 1 composition, rugged, elliptical, and faulty ir every respect.' But being prepared to meet an emergency, it was written hastily, and without revision. we may say at once mat we are not at all surprised that the Melbourne dailies should have had the pamphlet ten daya without noticing it ; for a glance at its contents will be sufficient to accouut for this fact, without any reference at all to ' the influence of the legal profession or the state of tho Press.' It is the most extraordinary farrago of nonsense inflated with overweening self-ceteem which we have ever hud the opportunity of reading. The writer may perhaps think we are angry with him for (he freedom with which he criticises our Real Property Act, and that, therefore, we are writing under the influence of feeling nnd prejudice. But we assure him it is not so, The Real Property Act is too firmly established in this colony to bo affected in the slightest ?degree by anything this learned barrister may write. We shall, we hope, justify by quota* tioua from the pamphlet itself the opinion we have formed of its merits. The first fontenca we have quoted ; here tire those which imme diately follow .—' That the labours of Mr. Torrens and bis coadjutors satisfy South Aus tralia only proves the very limited require ments ot mat province lor any real property law whatever. He who efficiently reforms tbe English law of real property must not, as South Australia has done, shirk trusts, or anything else, or shuflla in any other way, but must tread down everything in his way.' Mr. Parsons has, in accordance with bis own doctrine, mado a very fair beginning, by shirking argument and treading down both modesty and common sense, and, as far as tbis colony is concerned, truth as well That the labours of Mr. Torrens have satisfied South Australia is shown by the fact that already, property to the value of about £2,000,000 sterling has been placed under tho protection of the Act, and this fact will also show that our requirements for a Real Property Act are greater than tbis sneering gentleman would feel disposed to allow. Of course, being dead against tbe original Act, Mr. Parsons looks with the greatest dis favour on its reproduction in Victoria. He has something of his own, infinitely better, to propose. ' A second Daniel has come to judgment,' and to call public attention to his scheme is bis design in publishing the pamphlet, which the three dailies have left unnoticed. All ho asks is to be implicitly trusted, properly supported, and adequately rewarded, and lie will show us such a method of dealing with real property as tbe world, has never seen before— which we can very readily believe. But his conditions are somewhat stringent and exacting, and we con* fess we see not the slightest likelihood that either in Melbourne or anywhere else any Go vernment will give him tbe chance of distin guishing himself. A scat in Parliament is a tine qua noit. There is not another man in Victoria who could do the work properly in the Assembly. ((I alone can carry my mea sure through the Howe, and if I undertake the affi»ir must therefore ask that a seat be procured for me in the Assembly.' We are cot tuie whether lie expects the Government to find him a seat, be cause, with universal suffrage and vote by ballot, it might not be easy to do so. Though Mr. Parsons detests politics as a pursuit, he thinks somo metropolitan constituency might feel sufficiently interested in the matter to take him up; but he iairly warns all -k&4 sundry that be cannot talk. This, however, does not discourage him ; for he asserts— and here we to some extent go with bim— that ' it is » great mistake to imagine that talk leads the world; it misleads it much.' What a com fortable thought it must be to this learned gentleman that his talk or his writing either, if this book be a fair specimen, will never- lead the world, or, we may say, mislead it, or indeed produce the smallest effect upon it beyond, perhaps, amusing it for an hour or two. But a seat in the Assembly where ho cannot talk is not all be ask*. If he under* takes the affair be will ask no remuneration till tbe end of a year, and then so confident he is of his success that he can safely trust the acknowledgment of his services to the land* owners. He can do rotbing more than tho ' mental part,' which, judging from the mental display he makes in bis book, if, we should think, the last part he should under* take. He reuBt therefore hove a competent geuueujuii 10 eio ine meciiamcai posmoD, who would, with a twelve months' training under his own eye, at lost be able to go on without him. But he shrewdly refuses to have anything to do with the present solicitors under the Act in Victoria ; they could be of no use whatever to him. Still ho would not deal hardly with them 5 they must be properly provided for, and failing other meant of satis fying their just claim.*, why the landowner! might add a few shillings to some of the fees to compensate thorn for their loss of office. A barrister competently read in real property law muBt be one of his coadjutors ; and as soon as it is understood that he is to under* take the work, ho must have the assistance of i gentleman, who is to be the chief of the two solicitors, as ho t-liull lmvo tho whole of the common law and principles of equity and much 6tatute law to pass in review in framing 1 ho new law. That 11 not all. Mr. Parsons must have official status as well as a seat in Parliament. The Minister must get him tho post of ^BeisUnt Registrar under the 5th section of the Real Property Act, But with tho post of Assistant Registrar he claims to relieve tbe Registrar* Gen ralof all hie duties. If the Government jnd the Legislature will do that much, Mr. Parsons is willing to undertake the work of raming, initiating, and administering a real jroperty law. B ut he cannot nrake electioneer* ng speeches, or do anything in connection *ith that matter. ' If any agitation be necci iury somebody else must do that— I cannot.' It is extraordinary that a gentleman, who by bis profession ought to be regarded as a penon 3f intelligence and libeml education, should :xpose himself as Mr. PareonB has dono in hia pamphlet. Wo have been strongly in .?lined to think more thau once while- reading the work that it was intended as a practical oke ; that someone had published the pamphlet 0 bring tho logol profession into contempt ; mttnat cxplauatiou id not Biitiafectory, and no myyuse we mun acewpc it as tno rentable boud flJo production ol a barrieter-at-law in Melbourne. We havo uot attempted to explain tho provisions of tho new schemo whioh Mr. Parsons has sketched out, and whieli he is pre pared to frame, initiate, and administer; which is cs much opposed to Mr.Torrens's newmethod of dealing with real estate aa it ia oppoaed to the old method still in operation in England. We aro not sure, indeod, that wo quite understand the sohemo in the bald form in whioh Mr. ParBona shadows it forth. We iiave been so lasciuated by the 9ublime egotism of that gentleman, as shown in hia little book, that it ia quite possible we may have failed to catch ihe provisions of tho measure whioh he hat attempted not very clearly to explain. We bhall, however, look at it more carefully, and if wo think it worth presenting to our readers, which wo frankly confebB does not aeem to ui verj likely, wo shall take au opportunity of doing go. TiieNew Loan Him— We have received a copy of the Treasurer's new Loan Bill for raising a loan of £;!5,(KK). It does not, however, contain a list of the' works on which the money is to be expended. It says merely that 'all sums of money bonwed tinder the authority of this Act shall be paid to the Treasurer, and shall Iks applied by him towards the making of roads and other public works, buildings, and improvements sanctioned by Parliament, and shall be accounted for in the same manner as if such sums had formed part of the general re venue of the said province.' Latest Dates.— By the nrrival of the Coorong our files are extended to the following dates:— Melbourne, Oetoberl5; Sydney, October 9; Bris bane, October 6; Hobart Town, Octobers; Laun* ccston, October?; and Olago, October 5. Victoiua Theatbk.— The 'Peep o1 Day' was repeated on Saturday evening to a very good house, the inclemency of the weather considered. This, evening the 'Peep o' Day' will be repeated, fol lowed by 'The Ghost.' New Cornwall Mine.— Mr. W. D. Sismey has just returned from a visit to the New Cornwall Mine, lie reports that the workings are in excel lent order, and that the prospects of the mine are exceedingly encouraging. It is anticipated that the amount of ore raised will soon be suttieient to pay working expenses. illE i\AJiV«J IN TUB PAU mOBTU.—BMJOT Warburton has returned from the North. We understand that, after travelling something like 1,500 miles, he has ascertained that there id really no such cause for alarm as was apprehended at the time of his departure from Adelaide. Depreda tions and petty thefts were said to have been com mitted, but such things might have been expected in cases where homesteads were left unprotected, and by tribes who cannot be supposed to have very clear notions respecting the rights of property. In some instances reports were made of more extensive outrages, but nothing of the kind ap pears to have occurred of which the Commissioner could take cognizance. Still it may become h question as to the propriety of affording some police protection to the settlers in those distant localities. Horology.— The Adelaide time-ball at the top of Mr. Davis's newly-erected premises in Rundle street will fall to-day at 1 o'clock, Adelaide mean time, and this will be repeated every day in future^ Sundays and holidays execpted. Pobt Kkcutta.-A meeting of the Port Ade* laide Kegatta Committee was held on Friday evening, when it was announced that upwards of £100 had already been subscribed. The prize-list will shortly be issued, so that ample time will be afforded to persons who intend entering for the various matches to put themselves in training. There is every probability that the regatta, which is to take place on the 1st January next, will suroasB anv nreviousl v held at the Port. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean.-TIic Argut of the 12th, in noticing the first appearance ot these eminent performers before a Melbourne audience, reviews the connection of the name of 'Kean' with the latter history of the British Drama, and lauds the enterprise of Mr. Coppin, by which the appearam-e of Mr. and Mrs. Kean was secured in Australia. The play was ' The Game ster,1' and the critic of the Argot says:— 'The gloom, despair, and remorse of Mr. Kean as the ruined gambler arc true, though the cliaracter may Iks false or exaggerated. The emotions natural to the situation are as finely conceived as they are happily rendered. The part is one which, though not the greatest of Mr. Kean's performances, brings out strongly some of his chief excellcnces hi3 freedom from the conventional exaggerations, his superiority to the commonplace stage devices and, lastly, his pathos, his intensity, and his self command. In spite of the defects of person and of voice— defects which time has not rendered less prominent— Mr. Kean succeeded in establishing all his old power over his audience; and in giving us a performance such as, taken as a whole, has never been equalled on au Australian stage. To Mrs. Kean the only tribute we can pay would be but stale homage to a lady who holds an unique place in the affections of every true lover of the drama. Great as is the fame of her husband in every land where the English language is spoken, by many sne wm ue csieemeu as pernaps the better actor and the finer artist of the two. Thirty years have not dimmed the lustre of a genius which has made the name of Ellen Tree a classic to this generation. And if time has robbed her of some of those attri butes which have secured her a foremost place among the English actresses of the day, it has but served to mature and perfect those higher porert by which her greatest triumphs have been won. It is with something deeper and warmer than a critical welcome that Mrs. Kean has been received by the Australian public, among whom are fer who have not been moved and delighted by her acting in days gone by. Tbe same purity of style, the same truth and simplicity, the same exquisite ease and finish which we have remembered of the Mrs. Kean a dozen years, are hen to-day without Io88 or abatement. For a perfect model of stage deportment alone, if for nothing else, she may bo commended to our colonial actresses,' Distribution of Prizes.— The distribution of the rifle prizes took place on Saturday morning. The weather, which was wet in the early part of the day, prevented a large attendance. His Excel lency the Governor, in the absence of Lady Daly, presented the prizes to the winners or their depu ties. The First Adelaide ltifle Bond was not in attendance, and in consequence of this and of the comparatively small muBter, the proceedings were not so interesting as on some previous occasions. The Volunteer Band.— We understand that as the Band of the First Adelaide Bides did not put in an appearance at the distribution of prizes on Saturday last, although the officer commanding that company hod on Friday evening been officially requested to have the band in attendance, the staff and regimental field officers of the force contem plate making such arrangements as will either constitute the present band a regimental one, or have a new one altogether, to be entirely under the ordera of lieutenant- Colonel Mayo, who, it will be remembered, was the gentleman to start the easting band when belonging to the West Ade laide Hifles, of which he was then Captain, and than whom scarce any one is more able to keep a band together, owing to the great esteem in which he is held, and his constant willingness, either witli liberality or by the sacrifice of his own time, to allow and encourage the attendance on all desirable occasions of those who are naturally expected to be atjhe post of duty. souse-Breaking.— The police received intelli gence last night that Mrs. Pappin's house. Archer street, North Adelaide,' bad been broken into during Church time, and several articles abstracted therefrom. ?auit'uic ur iiiiu a. r. oiuttAiuuf. — j.iie eviuence adduced at au inquest held at the Tavistock Hotel, Bundle-street, on Saturday evening, before Mr. Woodforde, the Coroner, and a respectable Jury of 14, disclosed one of the most deliberate and determined cases of self-destruction which has occurred in the colony. The victim was Mr. Hermann F. Schroder, painter and photographer, who has of late been carrying on business in No. 167, Bundle-Btreet. The deceased, it appears, had been subject to periodical fits of intemperance for several years, and had a recurrence of one of these about a fortnight ago, from which until Saturday he had been drinking to excess. Since Wednesday last he had exhibited an unusual degree of excitement, and had thrown out hints of bis intention to commit suicide, but as he had before frequently threatened to do this unless his pecuniary circumstances improved these hints produced no serious apprehension in the minds of his relations. On Saturday morning, after break fast, he left his house, but returned between 9 and 10 o'clock, nothing very unusual being observable in his manner, nor any suspicion of his sinister designs being entertained. Before long he again went out, and was next seen between 12 and 1 o'clock standing by the fence on the east side of Light- square. He beckoned Mr. Andrew Jones towards him, and said in a hurried manner, ' My name's Schroder, 167, Rundle-street ; take me home, take me home quick.' Mr. Jones, ob serving that the man looked very unwell, dispatched a messenger for a cab while another person went to call the doctor. Shortly afterwards Mr. A. Irwin, confectioner, of Rundle-street, drove up. and seeing a man sittiug on the footpath with his back against tiie fence, got out of his cart in order to see what was the matter. lie noticed that the deceased had a very ghastly appear ance, that there was blood on his person, and a slight tremulousness in his nerves. He offered the useof his cart to convey the deceased home ; but the latter refused to be lifted into it, stating that it was too late, and requesting to be left alone, and Irwin then started off to apprise the family of his condition. After hid depar ture the cab which had been sent for arrived, anil deceased, who now lay stretched out on the ground while his whole frame was agitated as if by strong convulsions, being lifted into it -was con veyed home. Here Drs. Moore and Woodforde were in immediate attendance, and efforts were made by them to administer remedies. To all their endeavours the deceased made a most resolute resistance. He admitted having taken four packets of strychnine, and stated that lie hail stabbed himself in the breast with a view of hastening his end; but in spite of the paroxysms which con vulsed him, he clenched his teeth and per sistently refused to admit the stomach-pump, stating that he was resolved to die, and asking to 1-e allowed to do so quietly. After lingering for a short time he expired. During the course of the Coroner's investigation Mr. W. C. Blade?, chemist and druggist, of Bundle-street, was called and produced his book showing that the deceased had obtained from him that day five packets of strychnine containing 11 grains each. He stated that he had been accustomed to furnish the deceased with photozraphic chemicals, and had on the previous day supplied him witbJt U lbs. of cyanide of potassium; that he understood from the deceased that he wished for the strychnine to destroy cats, and that he had little hesitation in supplying the poison, inasmuch as the applicant was a constant customer of his, and nothing showed itself in his demeaaour calculated to excite a suspicion of his having contemplated suicide. The Coroner, in addressing the Jury, said there could be little doubt that the deceased had died hy his own hand, hut whether lie had committed self-destruction when labouring under the effects of insanity, or whether he did the deed designedly, preme ditatedly, and when in full possession of his facul ties, it was for them to determine. His intempe rance, his excitement, and his threats to do himself an injury, favoured the former presump tion, whereas the apparent coolness and delibera tion with which he perpetrated the tragic deed was in favour of the latter. Instances had occurred where the most confirmed lunatics had most methodically and designedly arranged their own self-destruction, but he (the Coroner) did not in tend to instruct the Jury what verdict they should bring in. He had compared the book produced hy Mr. Blades with the Act for regulating the sale of poisons passed last session, and was bound to say that in supplying the strychnine that gentleman did not conform with all the requiieraents of the Becond clause, for which neglect he had rendered himself liable to a penalty of £2.0. He mentioned this matter that the police might take action on it and have it tried before the proper tribunal, and also for the benefit of the Jury, who, however, would not be influenced in any way by the circum stance in considering their verdict. The Jury, after a brief deliberation, found that the deceased died from the effects of strychnine administered by his own hand while in a state of temporary insanity. The Foreman wished to add a rider, deprecating the conduct of Mr. Blades for having failed to comply with the strict letter of the Act; but as this was not the unanimous wish of the Jurymen, the Coroner did no*, place it upon record, although expressing his approval of tiie suggestion of having such a rider appended. T^ccession to the Adelaide Bar.— We copy the following from the Melbourne Herald:— 'There is to be a temporary exodus of the Vic torian bar in favour of Adelaide, the attraction being the notorious Moonta Mines case. Amongst those who have been named as specially retained arc Mr. Michie, Q.C., and Mr. Dawson. It is stated that unusually large fees have been paid in this cause. The Victorian barristers will probably have to go through the form of admission to the South Australian bar before being permitted to practice in the Courts of that colony.' Thomas Caldecott Cnum-TheSyducy Morn ing Herald of Uctolier 3 contains a report of the trial of Thomas Caldecott Chubb, extending over five closely- printed columns. The indictment against him was for forging or altcrin? and utter ing an order for the payment of money, to wit, a cheque for £445 10s., with intent to defraud. The charge was substantially this— that the de fendent had appropriated to his own use a cheque for £445 10s. drawn by Mr. Mullens, sharebroker, on the 8th of April lost, in payment for shares Bold for Mr. James Byrnes; that having altered the date of this to the 8th of July, he had paid it, with other funds, to his account in the London Chartered Bank, and had drawn out £501 10s., of which £300 was in English gold and £200 in colonial half-sovereigns; and that he attempted to abscond early next day with this money before the altered cheque could be presented at the banluipon which it was drawn. The trial com mendw on Thursday, October 1, and occupied the greater part of two days. Great interest was excited by it, and the Court was crowded throughout by an eager audience. The Jury, after h#« absent for 50 minutes, found the prisoner guilty of uttering the cheque, knowing it to have been forged. Before judgment was pronounced the prisoner stated that he had all along con Bidered himself a partner in the firm of Byrnes and, Co. That he had acted as such, and repre sented himself in that capacity to the Banks and to the gentleman who had been examined as a witness in the present case. If the postponement which he had applied forbad been granted he should have been, in a position to show these things. He did not mean to accuse either Mr. James Byrnes or Mr. William Byrnes of having done anything wrong, but be had done things for tuem wlncn lie considered necessary for their interest, and which, or some of which, they might not have known; but which, nevertheless, rendered it desirable that he should leave the country; and this he could have proved if he had been permitted to do bo. His Honor remarked that, in the face of prisoner's admission that the Messrs. Byrnes hod done nothing wrong, the instructions as to them which he had given for the purposes of bis defence were wholly unjustifiable ; the prisoner's whole proceedings had been indica tive of fraud and trickery, and it was clear that he intended to make off with the gold, fraudulently obtained, which was then in the Court The prisoner said that if he could have proved the partnership he could have shown that he was entitled to £1,200 a year, and consequently to a much larger amount than the money alluded to. His Honor said that there were some persons with minds so constituted as to give them a most per verted notion of right and wrong, and it might be th»t the prisoner would admit no wrong in the fctfad and falsehood of which he had been con victed. The prisoner was then sentenced to hard labour on the roads or other public works for the space of five years. 