THEATRICALS AND MUSIC IHEATBE Il«XAI. ' The Merchant of Venice' was temporally withdrawn on Thursday night, hut its popularity has beeu eutlkiently assured to warrant the anticipation ofita hoing restored to tho boards at intervals for some time to coino. On Wednes day over.ing, His Excellency Sir Charles Darling and party vUited iliis theatre for the first timo, and tbcro was a very brilliant display, as might hfifiXDpetoL On Tlirirmlnv nirrhr. ' Mnph AHn About Nothing'' wa* givon, rnd l»nt nlprht ' The Gamester' was presented. Mr. Sullivan'n Benedick and Bovrrley are both of them of established merit, and tb y aro uow m familiar to tho public na they aro thoroughly complete in thoir points of excelleEoe. JIOY.IT, HAX.lMllKKl'. Last Saturday night, the principal feature in th.o pcrfonnanco was tho drawing lor the prizes in Mr. Coppiu'a Art Union. -The sixty fortunate) individuals who obtained tho lucky numbers wero, no d' ubt, vitiou»ly content in proporti m ns their prizes ranged from number one to number sixty, nnd tho-o who drew hlaDks only, hod at least the satisfaction of reeling that tho valuo of their morey had been awarded them In another shape. On Monday, Mr. Cuppiu tcok his bercfit, andtnadeoneoi liischarncterUtlcspcechoj, in which he frankly acknowledges the oiroum slnnces in which he had I ecu placed, and recounted tbo means be had adopted to telieve himself from his difficulties. He was. quite right in Bajinpr that he. believed tho public was not quite indifferent on the sulject of his offiirs. An aotor exists utder conditions so diflercnt Iroai those which surround otbor members of tocioty, that he is compelled soinetimfa to profler explanations that in other people would be unnecessarily obtrusive. A merchant, a trade8u.au, or a profee&ional; man, would bo deemed guilty of the pureBt impertinence if he made a speech In public, luformmg an oudienco bow lie had come to lose Iuh money; hut an actor is so constantly before tbo public is so much in flto habit of being spoken about, commented od, censured, approved, petted, blnined, acrl criticlted, thnt hia puroly prlvato affaiis can hardly cscapo bolng inado known to thn world, if even ho lo ever bo desirous of keeping tliem n eeeret £row olso comes it to pass that absurd stories about nctorn and actresses are constantly repeated Irom mouth to mouth, am' nro charged upjn the wliol fraternity? It is difficult to .persuade many otherwise well judging persons th.it lheatric.il people are not grootly different from nil the r?st of tho world, and that to tho fact ot tliulr common coneplcuousncss is dnc t!io certain notoriety of individual doings. On the prliclplo of consistency, perhaps, tho very prejudiced class -which thus pronounced so nulhorltativety, will roganl Mr. Coppin as a representative man, and boliuve tho theatrical profession uulveraally.houcst. It ia tho rulo in tlio. -Victorian world/for people to go into tho Imolvcnt Court on . tho lcist ? approach of pecunUry difficulties, and to pay eighteen penco in the pound, or— poaslbly— even a less per centao. Mr. Uoppin might eailly enough have cleared liimstli iti thin way; but, with an honesty which does him Inflnito credit, and which may sorvo as an example worthy of universal imitation, ho determines lo pny every body iu lull, and to comply with the excullent maxim of 'owing no nun anything.' Thoso who know Mr. Coppln's character, ami who nro acquainted with his career in these colonice, will not be at all surprised to find him adopting tho honourable) courso he has decided upon. 'J'roubld has cornc upon him aforetime, but he linn always iacod it like n brave and honest man ; nnd there is uo one who enn como forward iind Bay that ho over shrunk frcm tlio fulfilment of an engage ment, or withheld what was justly duu to tlioeo with whom ho tics had lo deal. And, in this colony, oonduet llko this,— though, in tho abatract.it ought to ho true of any man, — is, unfortunately, so exceptional, that ita presence amounts to a vlrtuo, and morits acknowledgment nccoidingly. SIuco Monday * the heuso has lieen understood to be in the bands of carpcntois and decorators, and to-nighf, as ovorybody knows, Mr, r.nd Mrs. Charlos Kean are to mako their first appcaranoo upon the Australian stagi-. Tho event id one of those exceptional occuricnees which stand out among tbo chronicles of the time, and lervc as points for futuro compailsou of smaller tvents, so that there can belittled ubt about thero boing a crowded house on tho occa sion. Tho play of tho 'GuineBter' Is porlcips uot the happiest sclcotion that could luvo been made for nn op'oning piece, but it ia possibly to bo regarded on the priuoiplo of not playing the bent cards first. JMMCnrcESft THEVTKE. Last Saturday night tho Oarrick O!ub pei formcei on tho occasion of Altaa Ko.-e Edouin'a benefit. The olub oould not have Buloetod nny member ol tho theatrical profusion morn worthy of tho compliment thnu this young lady, who iu so ginoml a favourite ; that nobody, thinks of questioning hor merit?. Upon these- wo liave often commented, and tho opinion bo expressed has been gathered, not from any Binglo opportunity of judg.ng of lier quolliio3, but is bated upon an average ottlmnto extending ovor somo years. Miss Edonin is me of tha few examples in which prccosity of tnlent is prolonged into tho riper excellence of future yoaffl. . Wlion tho Edouin family came among us a' long tirao ago, their jnvonile clovernrss delighted everybody, nnd few examples of ohild-acling could be cited in which more general completeness was exhibited than in the performances in which the Edouins woro first intioducod to the pnblic at tbe .Thentre :Hoyal. But tho general impression was ontcr tniiifd that tho usual fato would attend them, nnd that they would continue for a little vihilo to .araa'o tho world, nnd then pass away, liko mauy besides themselves had parsed. But .Miss Edouin ii tbe plcrsint exception to tho very genernl rule of which this opinion js declaratory. She bas grown steadily in publ'o favour, and tho spplauso which used to be nwnreltd to her for tlio cleverness of n child's efforts, has long been proffered as tho testimony duo to her absolute merit as a most capable and promising actress, equal to a very wido ranpc of duties in connexion with her arduous profession. Tho Gnrrick Club, [therefore, if they aro not exceedingly Ekilled in histrionic ability, aro at least not deficient in the power to estimate this quality in others, and if they did not piny ' London As3uranco' with nny grout iucn?nrc of success, are to be highly commended for thoir good intentions of honouring, tho lady for whose benofit thrty played It. A very ill-noturod modo of judging of their performance might, perhaps, suggest that they mado sure of being received with a certain amount of tolerance, if not of np probalioD, from the difficulty of any adverse opinion boing cxpressod, which might not seem exclusively to apply to Ibem, just as eomo little boys get near a window when they aro being pcitcd with stone?, so that tho stones may not be thrown for lent the window should bo injured And yet thoro is a EOrt of advantage ia witnessing various degrees of nctin/r, for as all oxcellenco is comparative, it onablea one tho better toe3timato what is rcall\ good, -when i: is placed side by side with that which is so extromely different. But tbe seleolion of ' London Assurance ' created tbo opportunity of seeing Miss Edouin herself in a new character. We have before said that her rango of ability is, perhave, more extensivo than that of any actress we bare had in Melbourne Bince Mrs. Charles Young left ua. Thcro iB hardly nny kind of character in which Mie3 Edouin has not achieved moro or less euccsss. In fnrco, comtdy, serious drama, burlesque, and ballet, fihe has nliko won for herself renown, and mado additions tn her reputation, so that n lltilo curiosity was not unnaturally folt to Reo what she would mako r.f a part which undoubtedly belongs to tho higher walks of comedy,* whatever may be tho faults of the particular comedy of which it is a part; for, parenthetically, we may remark that Mr. Bonclcanlt's play has many faul^p, notwithstanding its great popularity, and the estimation in which it has so long been hold by the theatrical profession. The part of Lady G»y Spanker, however, ia well known to be n modification of Neighbour Constanoa in ' The Love Chase,' and, like most other of Mr. B uci cault's characters, owes but little to himself for whatavor merit it may possess. It is, therefore, possible at any time to entirely olitninato it from its surroundings, and consider it like a gem un connected witli il» setting1. Wo aro happy to compliment Miss Edonin on the success she obtained in tho pnrt, and in saying this wo by no means commit ourselves to the expression of an unreserved or unqualified admiration. Misa Edouin's own excellent judgment would prompt ter to refuse auch a compliment if it wero offered. Lady Gay is, perhaps, one of the most difficult characters toplay,wliioh modern comedy presents. It necessltateB the union of many qualities, seemingly opposite, nnd it presupposes uot on'y great natural advantages, but a long experience of stage requisites, superaddeel to an accurate knowledge of many social usages. It is nota little to Bay, therefore, that the very con siderable complottnesa with which Miss Kdouin invcated tbe part, entitles her to something mote than only comparative praise. It wa3 largely suggestive, nnd it will well repay her to dovote a good deal of attention and Btudy towards elabo rating it. to Its most capablo perfection. Tho Garrick Club, howevor, did something more than vouchsafe their personal as&istanco; on this occa sien. . They presented Miss Edouin with a very hnndEOmc cold watch and chain, and a scroll, with a complimentary address, that looked like a patent of nobility in its imposing propoitions. Sosdo enthusiastic admirer in tho pit, too, flung a nosegay, or, if you will havo it, a bouquet, upon the stage, and attached to this floral missile was alotier containing n ring with a pretty dovice and an inscription. The ring camo bfforo the watch, 60 that Miss Edouin's pretty Httlo speech was tendered in acknowledgment of the former tribute, and Mr. l'nwcott acted as her Bubstltuto in returning thanks for the oiher. Aa toflowew, they rained ovor tho footlights, and seeing that 'Melbourne audiences are not particularly demon strative in respect of this kind of salutation, tho , profusion of those poetical compliments ia to bo explained nnly on Ibe ground that thoy wclo most heartily deserved. Tbo occm-iou, in fact, altogether, was oue of those extremely pleasant ones which only seldom csiHe. Tho nudienco was in tbo best possible humour, and if tho boys in tho pit did ?' olitiir' the actors a little, they did it 6C tenderly, and vithout any spice of malice, that tho actors must luvo enjoyed the fun as much as tho boys did. Altor the comedy came a farce called '' Irish Assurance tmd Yankee Modesty.' It is made np of two characters — an Ivisbnnn, of tho extreme low comedy class, and a Yankee girl, such as ouc occasionally reads about, but whom) existence may be doubted na an sctml fact. Of this last character wo havo but tos.iy that Miss Edouin, thoiiRh she fulfilled to tho Utter its requirements, will hardly appear In it again, if she deMro to preserve tbe estlmaiion in whloh she is held. Tho Irishman gavo Mr. Mamoigh an opportunity of exhibiting some of that n.uusiug humour of which ho mado Buub good ute at Iho Mayor's bull; but he would have bad n much hotter opportunity in almost any other ?p'ece ? Moreover, he may be told, that tue con Btnnt repetition of ono explolive is very weari some on the itage, and rnthcr fpoils than helps the effect. Nevertheless, he has undoubtedly Iho materials for a low con.edy Irishman, and — with a proper amount of study, and knowledge of stage businesa— he would provo a most valu p.blo addition to tho amateur force of this city. Ou Tuesday, the 'Tower of london' was pre sented, with tha double company of tbo {'rincets's and Ifayuiarket. A good deal of expenso and painstaking have manifestly been, incurred in the production of this spectacular piece, whose merits are those of stago effect and ad caplandum dftplay. Evorybody knows Ainswbrth's story, and, therefore, everyhoely can rondily understand that thore Is plenty of aotiou and powerful biluation in tho play. Its cousccutivcnm nnd connexion aro nut very apparont; but these qualities are of ltssacoount whcie the intention is to produce somethiug of tho Boimtloual order, — and of this clument tbero Ia not a little. Ono incident, especially, Is of this kind, though it bordered Bomethinir upon tho ridiculous. Tho execution of tho Duke of Northumberland ia conducted after a fashion somewhat different from the mode ordinarily adopted when decapitation on the Btago is represented. Usually, tbo headsman rulers his »xo, nnd tbo cuitnin descend*, leaving tho spectators lo suppose tint the liosd and tlio trnuk of tlio Individual operated uoou havo parted company; but, in i Jiis instance,. lie axe cauio down with consider nblo foio-, and tbo head rolled off, to tlio iutenso alarm of eomo pooplo In tho pit, who possibly woro under the impression that an accldont had occurred. ' Tho head of the traitor,' lioivcvor, on being held up, was so obviously the work of tho propcrlyman, that all apprehension as to Jt-. EdwardVs safety at once ceased. Thero aro very many charaotois in tho ploco, both cf high an I low degree, from queens down to dwarfs of Iiobo origin. And of tlio dwarf thus: It was represented by Master WUlio EdwardB, who, judging by this performance, If bo does not posteas tho Beedo of groatncBa, lia? at Buy rato, a reinnrksblo amount of juvenile talont. It is tru.', k\3 training could not bo In better hands than it ia, and that may account for somo of bis success, hut not for all of it. Wo shall watch his progress with a good deal of interest. Of tho other charaotore, Mr. Edwards was a moat sulllelent Duko of Northumberland, and Mr. Fnwaott a very orafty and iutrlgulng Spaniard, who, as an ambassador, however, seemed to exerclso funotious not always reooncilahln with his position. As ho comes to deserved grlof, and guts run through the body, ho ia, perhaps, to bo understood as having exceeded his coinmlnion a little. Miss Edouin, as Lady Jane Grey, main tained, well hor reputation. Airs, llolloway was at loaat a most lmadsomo Queen Mary, and Misa Naylor a very 'interesting Prlncots Elizabeth, On Thursday, Mr. KawceiU took Ms benefit. PllOVI.fOIAI, Baixaabat. — 'Lady Audloy'a Seoret' has been tho attrnotiou, during tho weok, at tho Hoyal, Miss Annlo Lockhart, who has been engaged for bIx nights only, emoting tho heroin*. 8he has bo«n efficiently BUpi.ortcd by Messrs. llosklns, Shicl Barry, J, L. Dyem, Lawrence,' and Mcadames Curry, George, and Ellen l'ioldiug.' ' . . , . i . Bendioo.— On Saturday lust the dramatic Bkotcb, ' Jtok Itoblneon and Hia Monkoy,' was produced., with considorablo Bucocsa, ?'? George Leopold sustaining the chnraotor of tbo Monkey wllh his woll-known ability. On Monday, 'Al'aro Snada' wan presented to an excellent houtc. _ Oa Wednesday, Mr. Tineon took ia henofit, wlilch-owfng to tlie inclemency of tlio weather— was not so numerously attended us it would olhorwiso havo been. „,,*,. . DA*i.B8FonD.— ' Tbo Octoroon,' 'Sixloen Siting Jack,' and ' A Ghost In Spite of Ilim sclf, ' have been played, during tho week, at tbo lloyal, supported by'Madarno l)uret,Mr. Leroy, nnd tho stock campany. Tho Howsc-n lamily havo' appeared in a mu-fcal entertainment nt Jamlceon'e Hall. _ _ , j Gerloko.— Mr. and Mrs..J. V. Ilydo gpro n drawitiRrooin entertainment at tho Mechanics. Institution Wednesday last, which, though ofn very superior character, met with mcagro support frcm tho public. . Tamot.— Burton 's National Circas performed InTalbot on Saturday evoninir. There was » very largo attendance, tho booth being filled in every part apportioned lo tho audience. Tho feats of horsemanship, especially Ihoso of Mr. Gilham, were exceedingly well executed, and appeared to give much sitietaotion to tho audience A yonth named Waterman, who bos only lately taken to the performance, executed several vaults from a pony In a highly ngilo nnd creditable, manner. iMr.'Taylor's skilful manipulation of ballp, plates, globes, cto , excited hearty npplauso. Tho face tious part was rendered by Mr. Coiiscns, whoso stcck of jests, novel and anciout, greatly amufed tho oudienco. COLOXIiL. Adblaidh.— Tlie comedy, ' Vfasks and Faces has boon produced, in which Miss Joey Gougen hoim sustained Peg Wofliogton in a moBt finished manner, and portrayed with grace and pathos the multiform phases of that vorsatilo character. Mr. Groville's Triplet wns next in prominence to tho hcroino, and the other parts wcro resp, ctably filled. Bourcicault's sensation drama, 'Janet Pride,' has been also played with Miss Gongeu hoim ns the heroine, ably supported by Mr. Creswlck, Mr. Grovillo, ana Mr. shuto. Mr. ami Mrs. Dillon pave an entertainment nt White's Rooms on Wednesday, the 30th ult., which com posed the 'rending' by Mr. Dillon of portions ofDickcns's 'Christmas Carol,' togather with selections from ' Lear.' Mrs. Dillon sang five bnllads. all of which wero encored. DuNKDiif. — (From tho Otago Times, 29th September.) — A very crowded liouso at tho Pincess's wns tbo result of tho announcement last night of two new piecos— tho Bensation drama of ' Gold ; or, It is Never To) Late to Mend,' and tbe local farco of ' Assisted Emigrants.' Tho theatre was very hot from the denso pressure, and tbe gonerally close slate of tbo atmosphore everywhere. The principal characters ;'u the drama nro Tom Eobinson (Mr. C. Holt), an escnped thief In tho first aof, n crnvict in Ihe second, n t!ckct-of-Icavo man in Australia in tbo third, nnd a reformed character and right thorough good fellow in the fourth ; Geon o Fiildlng (Mr. O'Brien), n tenant fnrmor, who emigrates to Australia under pressure of distraint, nnd there lights upon a rich nu?get, which sets him straight Iu the world again ; Isaac Levi (Mr. Wolfe), a generous Jew money-lendor and gold dealor ; Potor Crawley (.\f r. Dunn), a broken attorney, and tho tool of Mr. John Meadows (Mr.'W, Ryan), tbo exacting and despotic villain of the piece; Susan Morton (JHs3 Ada Hart), with whom George Fielding is in lovo, and whom Meajowa intrigues hard to gain ; and London Nan (Mrs. Holt), whese lovo for Koblnson carries hor to Australia after bo has been trnnr ported, and who finds him opportunely at the moment of tbe discovery of tho crcat nuf get, which is to mako all. virtuous characters in tho piece triumphant, and to bring ruin down upon all the wicked ones. All the parts wcro well tustnined. Mr. Holt and Mr. Dunn wero especially cflectivo, and Mrs. Holt and -Mi's Hart mado capital representatives of Iho two boroincs. Tho set scenes throughout were good, and tho curtain Ml at tbo close amid loud and continued npplauao. Of the farcx we can say nothing at this Into hoar, except mat u Kept mo nouso in conunueu laugmer until tho end came at last Stdhbv.— (From last Saturday's Hcra'.d.)— Tho celebrated American comedian, Mr. Joseph Jefferson, who, in his own class of characters, has never been surpassed by any aotor in these colonies, continues hia successful engagement at tlio Prince of Wales. Last Snturday was the first night of Tom Taylor's sensational drama, ' Ihe Ticket of Leave Mnn,' a pieco which, notwithstanding itn rather unproralaing name, appoars to havo proved very attractive, both in England and elsewhere. Tho sconcry used in its representation at tbo ' Priuce' is excellent, nnd the performance of tho pieco generally is such as serves satisfactorily to exhibit tho artistio poxorB of Mr. Jefferson In tho delineation of tho principal character. ' The Ticket of Lcnvo Man' was followed, on tho night of Its first production, By tlio farco of 'Tho Regular Fix,' in which Mr. Jefferson toovulsed tha nudienco with laughter as Hugh do Brn9. Tho sumo bill was firesented on Monday, Tuesday, nnd Wednesday ast, tbo drama on Thursday nnd Friday being followed by tho fnrco of 'My Brother Bill.' It is announced thnt tho comedy' of ' Our Amerimn Cousin' will bo repeated before the termination of Mr. Jefferson's engagement. Ex hibitions cf tho phenomena of electro. biology, by Professor BiiBholl, optical illusions by the ngent of Messrs Pepper and Dlrck», nnd a stircesion of drnmaltc performances of no iuconsidorablo merit, oontinuo to attract playgoers every night to tho Victori*, notwithstanding tho great attrcc tions presented elsewhere to tho many who seek for amusement altor tho tolls of tho day. On SnturdBY last, the princioal dramatic performance was a piero entitled 'Thirty Yoara of a Gambler's Life,' nnd tho effective ghnst sccno from ' Tho ilistleto Bough.' Ou Mouday was prcscntod, belorc n well filled house, iho piny do'ignatod ''The Will andtho Way,' in which Mr. Wllltnra Pitt illustrated tho visions inciden tal to tho pitco by his cleverly managed apparatus, tho moonlight effects required being alsi brought out with the celobrated lituo light. Tho same bill was provided for the two next following nighta j and on Thursday, tho dinmatio entertainment coiiBistod of 'The Scamps of London.' Anew version of Mr. Bryan's drama, of ' Aurora Floyd' wns prescn'ed on Friday, in which Bjiectrol illusions aro introduced, Bi^nid cantly Illustrating nil tho guilty horrors of the mind of tho murderer, Softy Hargraves, so nbly impersonated by Mr. Musgravo. Tho unbroken Bucccsslon of those Blugular illusions, so instau lancously reproduced, nro ro.illy stnrtling to tho semen, tho vivid light that plays rounU tho spectre contrasting strangely with Iho profound dnrknc-BS of tho rest of tho scenery. During the past week tbo lovcra of tho highest qualily of instrumental music havo hud a treat in listening to the adm'r»blo performances of Messrs. Pouaaard nnd Douny. Although tho principal nt lists absorb tho eroater part of tbo attention of tlio nudienco, it is Hoc so completely under the influence of thoso excellent — wn mnv sny cxtraoruiniry— musicians, ns to prevent n due appreciation of tho fmu tenor voico of Mr. Beaumont, who extorts app'aUso when it S'Ctns to have been exhausted on tho stars of the ovening. Nnturo has given him a splendid Toico, which ho will do well to oaltivato with nHsiduity and care. 'Ilia fourth coucort will be givon this evening. riiiLii.tnnofiu society. Ou Tuesday, this society gave its third aul). scifpiiou concert, at tbo Exhibition liuilding. The programme, as might be supposed, included selections from tho very highest class of lyrical works, 'ihe impetus oommmiloatcd to tbisOESOciation, by Mr. Horaley's indtf'sthraMo efiorla to render It worthy of its titlo aro beyond all praifCi and the gnat inciitof this, its most recont porformauce^ia in the fullest conllnnitioo of this opinion. COS CHUT AT ST. UE-m«li'a m A.iiij. On Mondny, tloro wan a muBical porformanco at St. Goorge's Hall, tho particular purpose of ?whloh was the disposal of a grand ' Erard ' which, by eomo accident, had Incurred a litilo damage while in the possession of Jf r. Greenwood organist of St. John's Church, und had, corse' nuently, been thrown upon his hands. Tho damage having boon repaired, tho lottery was got up, and tho concert in connexion vtith it duly took place. Mr. DstmoM won tho pinuo— somebody said ho was ' bound' to win it— ond thorost of tho nudlonco waro, at nny rato, natis liod with hearing good mnsio, if they did not tnko it away in tho substantial form of a grand piuno. MI1CEI.IA5IEOIW. Mies Aitken wm- atLytlolt'ju at tha (Into of our lost advices. Mit. Adiums, tho American comedian, has latoly been playing at Sale and Konerialt. Boating at Dukedin.— (From the Tdc graph, 20lh Septembor.)— Au'amnteur boat-rnce for £u a side, took piaco yeHtorday artornoon. hotweon Mr. Preacott, of tho Arcade Cafe, ami Jlr. G. Pound. Tho diutanoo was two miles from the , Now Jotty, Uuuoeiin, lo Pelinhot Day Jetty and b»ck. It was evident, from thu com monoement of tho contest, that Mr. Pound wub no match for his antagonist; and, in addition to this fact, Jn consequence of tho boiateroUB weather which provnikdat the timo, his boat wns completely blown nway in tl10 direction of Andorson'u Bay. Mr. Proscott, therefore pullod over tho cnurso, nnd won easily. Another match which U likely to create consldemblo exoUcme t in sporting oircleB, has been nrraiiucd to tiike {'''« ?a n™t«y; 12th In.trmt, Iwtwcou he ?fc lek «?? ?°-rt'B Ushl aumtour crows, for tnnce will bo flvo mlleai that ia to say, from Pehehet Bay up to Dunodlu now jotty back again over tho »»me courje, round tho Pellahst May boat, up to tie now etty, wlnnine at iho buoy boat (Utlonwl there. ' w'''nK ol l'° 