P^&-^' QUEENSLAND. fi^The following in relation to the new gold v^jieldi at, or near, Rockharaptoa is taken from J;Wr cxohanges : — The do w workings are 6itu 1 ated at Mr. Robs' station, near the Bersaker Badge, aud it is in the upper portion of the ? nn-Mnn!c whero the workings are found. Mr. £-??' Keene, Mineralogist to the Government of New ?-''''-South Wales, has visited the spot, and reports v it to bo similar to the Cauoona diggings. . . Gold is there apparently ia paying quantities, '?': although Burfaco indications do not testify to :; .. the exietenoo of any rich deposit. Several '*- men, hired under loDg agreements, have ' ? ? ' boltod, ' ond were subsequently apprehended -^ and brought beforo the benoh, who, to check . .the deeortion of servants from hired service, j'-^ etated, in future, suoh oases of the kind would i '??''. bo fined £10, or 3 months imprisonment. ]?'?}':'? From the Peak Downs, we hear the follow v' ing accounts: — . '?' ???:.?'.?? ' Great new»from a new gold ru»h, abouttwenty . ?-? five miles from old workings. Station hands -.'??''.'. leaving fa«t, and every appearance of an exteiuive Si.,' £old fever setting in. 1 near that the copper men *&'.. £ave left fur the good attraction, &c.;' B ?? ? Again, In a postscript, 9th September, ?'C -lieoven days later thaa any intelligence yet' #.v published : — v ' : .' I have brought letter by post, and I now add ?V: .'- for your information, thut a new gold rush about \ .???'?'?' twenty-fivo miles from old workings, viz., up same ? ? ' or Diggers Creek., as old workings, and on Kolfe s ;v Road, has set in for the past week, and a great iJ deal of gold has been obtained. 10 fieu) ounces i V- to load, and three ounces to tin dish, are facts; but ??': We ground ii patchy and shallow. The population '?: ;-.;?' (about 400) is much scattered, showing an extensive .-. l range of auriferous country, I hear no tools or 'y ' r,tions on the ground, and it is roa- Jness.for people iJv'-'io- rush here without supplies. Flour lias been 4 .: iojd at 2s. 6d. pi-r Hi., and tin diiihes at 40s. each. ^f ' ' M-n are leaving the stations, and the Copper Com ferpany had only about six men left last week. The ^'' trospeois of the copper mine continue good. The '?-'new gold is net as good as the old. It is to be & bbuehtfor £3 10s. per ounce, and I hear that ???,?.!'. there is abont two huudredweigut w ttie lianas or ;'. the diggers just now. The largest nugget is about /'£.' .ten ounces.' » Taken in connection of previous letters, it may now be considered proved that a large and valuable extent of auriferous country has been opened. Ten ounces to the load, and three to the tin dish, must, however, be exceptional ; and the qualifications that the ground is patohy leads to the supposition that all the 400 are not remuneratively employed. Correspondents, too, it must be remembered, write either from hear-say or their own impressions ; and it would, with every respect for their truthfulness, be unwise to act upon the supposition that their letters convey a picture of the average yield of any gold-field. We hear carters in town meditate another rise, and that road teamsters show no anxiety for country loading, even at the enhanced rates of fifty pounds for the Peak Downs. It is impossible to predict the extent of the rush that has already com- menced may attain, but we think' the news above quoted will tend to increase it, and that our merchants will act well in their arrange- ments accordingly. What with the discoveries at Peak Downs, and the probability of equally good ones at Ross' Diggings, for a time our streets may be expected to be denuded of labouring men ; and the release of' the immi- grants of the "Saldanha," from quarantine, will supply a most welcome reinforcement. ' The following is from a visitor who had just ;'?'?? arrived fiom the above diggings :— ?. 'Veins of s'ate intersect the creeks, and with v , pipeclay, quattz, and green ttune, form their bed. . * The gold hitherto got is procured by removing the ?pure drift sand lying on the surface, and then .-' washing— a thin layer of blue gravel and decom :'- posed slate, wh ch divides the drift from the bed ot : ' the creek. rVe were Bhown in a' panikin some '?? v few-pennyweights of gold, and a spot where almost r'\in the first dish of earth an ounce nugget— now in ??^'?-.?ihe possession of Mr. Laws- was discovered. A ''-' personal Hal of a pah of earth yielded noilnng of ^an auriferous nature, but from another pan taken ffikelrn by, but a little deeper, one of the piospectors ^washed several specks of gold. One of the four ^'then. accompanied us for a short ramble in the #'??? vicinity/showing a Beries of gullies sinilar to the :' one in which they were working, and pointed out . ' numerous scratches in the beds, in nearly all of Ki. which ho said a fair prospnet could be obtained. We were told that it was twelve months since that one of the party first contemplated trying the local ity, but that from inability to procure good mates he had postponed prospecting till about a month since, when he and another set to in the gully in -:'?' which the four are now encamped, and at the very : fist trial obtained such a prospect tl;a', in his own ? ? words, he thought their fortunes were made. Hav ?' 'ing increased the party to four, they continued ?'?/? 'prospecting in the neighborhood, travelling to town '' -by night to procure rations, and cowering to avoid \- '^discovery whenever the crack of the stockwhip '.''told the vicinity of men from the station, ^udic '? .?''?'. rou»ly enough, the appearance of one of them at V Mr. Ross' station, in the guise of a carpenter in '? ' ?eafch of work, provoked some inquiry, from certain ''- telling clay patches on his clothes j and, scenting suspicion, our mining adventures adroitly skedad . died that the men on tho ration set him dawn ns -.!? ? a ghost, and in the case of certain sawyers, we wore '? '?' told, manifested something more .than a childish '?'' nightly dread of the re- appenranco. of the nppa ? ' rition. Discovery, considering their propinquity \- ?.' to a head station, came very tardy, and was brought '- about, they said, by tho wandering of their Morses ; ?' they are now perfectly reconciled to any proapec '. five irruption that |may be poured into their here :?'?' tofore secluded gully. They have been a month on 'the ground, and. putting the odd times togethor, . a week at actual work in tho gully first opened ,. The remits of one week's work, they assured us, r-were five ounces of gold j and they expressed £v,,tb«nelwi perfectly satisfied with the prospeet ^before them. It was not their intention, could they '' /,)i«Ve-feept concealed, to havo remained in the gully rr. they just found out, as they believed fur richer ? ??pots to exist, more especially ..towards Mount ?'- Wheeler— a lofty hill sov- n mileB north-east of the ??' present unrap. They fancied thomselves, howivcr, ';V; ':. top weak to carry on prospecting so much nearer the coast, as tho natives are very niimcroiiB there, , and disposed to be turbulent. 4 Looking, therefore, at tbo -'aot, that the discovory whioh has now taken ? place will most probably rosultin a miniature ru.h, £??'?. they bflve naturally.resolved to benefit as much as , pbisibloby it individually, and, prior to any fur ► -? therrriove. work out tho claims they have secured. *:-''*Plenty of water from the late rains is close to, in ' ' fact,' over much of tho soil to bo worked ; on '. os : -the wash dirt is not vory plentiful, it would toko a iverv short timo -o work out any of the blind ravines ???: lo which tho attention of iho party now appeal confined. There is no running stream on the 'round to sluice wilh, and « think, moreover, V fh'descrlPti-n of wash-dirt submitted to our inspoc i -tlon wouB. i» any 'ase, require the operation of ? Buddlnc to be performed. Even the test wu saw S3 we leaveMt to the reader to iudge if the beat ? S'n oxhibited-would pay nandtomdy with ' .IZZ, imnllmenU; «nd when tho prospecting of : ' fieTo four men is supplemented by a coup.o oi ? „ indrodotl^rs, we look' for .he discovery of further and the indications of gold more plentiful. Four miles from the camp is a salt water arm of the Fitzroy, and within a mile and a half— or, counting the head Maiion, a mile— is a neverfailing supply of water. Of course the water in the gullies below aud near the camp is only calculated to last a short time add with a number of diggers on the ground would speedily be used up. Time and labour alune will reveal the value of this discovery of a large area of auriferous dsposit. At present, it offers no attraction for any, except those who have the means and perseverance to pursue whit may as yet turn cut, but the indications and merging!, deposits of A. payable gold-field. One thing is perfectly clear, that the men who are now at work have displayed an aculeness in their selection of a locality wherein to commence operations, and an energy and endu rance in carrying out their trials, that merit a sub stantial reward ; and we t-ust that the citizens of Roekhampton, to whom will indubitably accrue, in the event of the discovery of a gold field, the ad_ vantage, will testifiy their appreciation by a liberal contribution to the first successful gold-finder. The Guardian reports seeing a fine speoimen of nuggety gold from tho Calliope diggings. A horso, the property of Mr. Handoock, of Dray ton, having been brutally maimed/ a re ward of £100 has been offered for the apprd'- hension of the porpetrators of this diaborioal aot. Several samples of gold have been exhibited in Brisbane from the Talgai diggings. . Mr. Francis, engineer of the steam dredge, met with a serious accident on Saturday last by being thrown out of a gig.' Mr. Lennon, of Tattersall's Hotel, Ipswiob, was brought before the court on the 26th Sept., charged with illegally detaining a sovereign belonging to James Anderson. A verdict for the benoh. ^ A slight aoeident occurred to the Clarenoe steamer, on the 27th ult., but she is still run ning as before. Tlio Assembly have given a supplementary year, for the erection of a new School of Arts at North Brisbane. Bobberies are prevalent at Rookhampton. Further reports from the new rush still favour* able. Mr. Harpur, of Bendigo, is travelling with stock to Carpentaria. The recently elected members for East Moreton took the oaths, and scnts in the Assembly, on the 9th inst Five hundred German Immigrants arrived by the Beausite on the 7th inst. Fifty men have embarked as volunteers for New Zea. land by the Clarence, steamer. There is very little business of importance doing in the Assembly. iji iuu hub ugcii iwku iui fiisiuigi aviuii pui|iuaca| aiiu L5093 fur services of the Telegraph Department. Mr. Hatpin's tender to construct the Brisbane theatre for L11OU has been accepted. The plant and establishment of the North Australian has been removed to Brisbane, where it will come out as usual. IPSWICH. The late fire has occasioned considerable damage, and has entailed great loss of property to several residents: News of a payable gold-field is reported atTuowoomba, but the report is unconfirmed. At Talgai, men are making their rations. A melancholy suicide occurred on the 8th inst. A man named Walsh killed himself by cutting his throat whilst in the horrors, from the effects of drink, Mr. Kober, superintendent of Bungeroogoroi station, has been drowned. Mrs. Watts, wife of the late member for Toowoombs, died suddenly on tile Bin inst, A little girl, daughter ot Mr. Clarke, was drowned whilst bathing in Myall Creek, on the 10th insl. The Dalby Amateur Company gave several successful entertainments in the Union 'Hall on the 22nd ult. Very little rain has fallen, and there are indications of a fine spring. The D. D. Gazette states that three Germans have brought into Town a pound weight of gold, ubtained in a sinking of SO feet at the Talgai gold-field. It is said a quartz crushing machine is to try the ground. His excellency the Governor, in accordance with the provisions of the Scab Act of 1863, has issued a procla. mation prohibiting the introduction or importation of sheep into the Colony of Queensland, either by sea or land, from the other colonies, under penalty of imme diate seizure. The Ipswich Grammar school is to be opened on the 25 th inst., when an inaugural address is to be delivered by the Governor. MARYBOROUGH. At the Assizis, the case of Harris v. Elliott has re. suited in a verdict for the defendant. The culture of arrowroot has attained great perfection here. Mr. White, of Prawl, has on hand about fire'cirt. nf AtfnJIanr nil ill it V The prospects of a good lambing in the Burnett are reported. The people of Gayndah have raised a subscription to bring out two ministers from England. Several large ?urns hare been subscribed. ROCKHAMPTON. The SaUanha, with the immigrants, arrived at Keppel Bay on the 8th inst. The Northern Argut of the 12th inst:, states that miners at the new gold-field ore earning 3 to 10 ounces per man, and that the country for mills round is equally auriferous. The Bulletin of the 12th inst. states, letters have been received from the new rush, containing favourable ac counts, and some parties are averaging 17 ozs. weekly. Miss Emma Neville and Mr. G. Loder, are giving a series of concerts at Roekhampton. 