SLOW.AND SEORET1 POISONING. .TALK not. to.us of ghosts. Commend, us, rather,, for its tragio power, to a well-concocted story of slow and secret poisoning in the upper ranks of. life ;. ia a palace, if you will ; or, better still, .let .the victim be a royal personage, and the murderer an incarnate fiend, who shall be prove J, at the end . of the story,, to have been the -death of half the people ab jut the throne who have " paid the debt 'of nature"duriug the last quarter of a ^century. Let us gloat on the slow ema-iatioo, the hollow eye, the sepulchral voice,Tthe trembling limbs,'the grsduaj decay of vigour both of body andi mjftd ; and át length on tho miserable death of/thó' ^vjctim on the very day predioted by á beautifui mar- chioness,! herself the murderer 1 Such tales as these are .t he spice of history ;, who would, read it without Us1 proper mixture of .¡romanee ' And what historian having thus successfully seasoned ; the dish, wou d not learn other-ways bf mingling the, some, nostrum^ to'-ba Mrhitatod .tëy, all;'news- mongers i n all time coming ! Be sides being quite . as lull of romance ¿nd' horror as the. '? true ghost. story,.'*the " slow poisoning" ta'e has on' advan- tage over i lie latter ; it is more readily -believed, by,-the mass of readers. There is scarce'y enough, of superstition now for a ghost story to pay. iYoa. rarely find one in a periodical : - except,' indeed, as ^palpable joke, as in the ibs.ance in. .which7the., Bemi-tráosparent lady .ghost,'entered' a',..railway office, in order to te1o¿raph' toi .ber.'husband that, ßhe waa.lying deid at-the. foot of a rock , from which she. had fallen. Th© genial'be iéf "is, that ghosts are not real ghosts ¿.. that^oey'.hayé.all.been, ; fefíijfor haifa century, Op the.otWr baud..slow poisoning is believed to be possible, and the belief 'ha's found its way into the-ranks, 6fiKe/pr,pfe«sion., Moreover, it is a subject which Víate his' been a good deul mooted ai.dj oanyaspeui anti, ventilated, and apparently : even enacted'anti, exemplified, amongst u*i Wo therefore think1.it iV.iirbe .that, the profession,' having been moré tnaú onoeTcaúght¡ tripping, should fairly face the question~/i»iptt».. and secret poisoning possible! Or j being possible,, is it a likely thing ? In other word*,' riB it pos», sible for a malicious wre'oh, whof seeks to take, away the life ot another, so to mix with the, victim's food or drinks without his being aware-of it; such, repeated dosesJof any poison as shall- slowly, andi certainly destroy his life wi,bin à limited''time« without tho extremo probability, of detection ?.< The first thing which wou d be reci.uisite-.fgr tho accomplishment.of so diabolical a purpose., would be the selection of a poison without col, ur,!tasts, pr smell, or any, other, sensible property, wuieb. might awaken the siiapieion of ih¿; vidtithl^ It should , not be capable vof exciting 'ypmiting, or 'purging, or griping* or ptyalism, or tetania/.oon v.ulslons, or unnatural drowsiness ; for any of these symptoms would, awaken attention/and'inquiry, j .' either should it ba buisy, er, veryJ-lightV.lsr in j soluble iii wa er,; else it might easily/be! [detected. But scrno of these objections' apply -'to antimony, corrosive sublima é, s ryoBnibo,' opium,, and indeed, all'he poisons with which' .'hi ara at" present' ac* quainted^with the exception^ perhaps, ¿f arseDic. The-white oxide, of .'his metii (araemoua acid) is tho; poison which is generajjy ..supposed., to, have been uàèd in the oases ol. slow and seoret poisoning which have occupied thp cjlumnsof our periodi- cals of lao. lt is without colour, smell, or taste :. ¡ in1 small doses it,ne;iher naua'ates, nor purges/nor> . gripes-Jt rarely excites ' pty a: ism, neVer , con*. vulsioDs, nor drowsiness, lt is modera ely heavy,, soluble in water, and pois mous, in small quantities. Moreover, it is,said, to have the property of accumulating in the sys'em when 'given, in small doses, and then arresting the procoss of os* Bimilatiori, arid thus destroying life by Blow degrees but with certain effect, v. If all this bo true,, what inoré can a murderer desiro ? ' llut.tr it trna ? Will arsenic destroy, lifo'' slowly, insensibly^ and with the pr obability that the cause will remalli un- detected ? Ibis question iBfull of interest, not only to he medioal jurist, bat to 'tho whole com* munity. F>r it appears we are in constant dagger of this :s!ow bm certain den li, not o ni jr from ms 'iciouj foes, but frjm the artificial verdure where- with ladies adorn their heads, not less' than' from the green papers whio, enliven dur apartments : -not to mention tho sufferings of tho poor giru who, as Artificial florists, ays doomed, copspipuous r_< ? ? 1 n martyrdom, to lead off this "dance ¡of death," Nor fe Ute opposite side of the qof s ion wholly de- stitute of Interest s for it appears that while we un lucky'English people hold lite so loosely that " hundreds of women and chi'dren" are annually Sacrificed to the arsenic wlrch is said to float in invisible insensible quantities in the atmosphere, the happier nymphs and swains Styria are rating the poison as a luxury, in larger or smaller lumps, gaining plump- ness, beauty, and vigour by its salutary action on the syati m, and at length depending upon it as a preservative of health, if not a necessary of life. The mott extraordinary fact connected with this subject is, that there are people who s elua ly be- lieve both of these accounts ; at all even s, there are periodicals which insist upon the truth of both ;* nor does it seem to have occcurred to any individual narra'or that they cannot bo h be true 1 And we should be almost tempted to discuss thia curious nsvcholoeical fact, but that we ha a ocher business on hand. It is roc oar purpoae'at present 'o investigate the comparative value of the testimony to these dis- cordant, s atemen ts, much less to attempt to recon- cile them., We propose rather toinqnira what is known of the effects of arsenic in different va- rieties of dose, par icularly in such doses .as are" supposed to a:t on the human system slowly, se- cretly, and fa*a ly. And the fir»t point to which we beg <he though"ul Rttea-ion of 'our 'readers is, that this' question cannot ba settled by mere po pular testimony ; for a judge and jury have tried their hands at it with the assistance of no common amount bf medi:al testimony, and have signally failed J The case of supposed slow poisoning at Eichmond must be fresh in the rnnmory of all our readers. The jury found the cause of death to be the hand of a médical o-tendant, who was found guilty of the crime and sentenced to death. So clearly, however, did it afterwards appear that the lady might baye died, not from arsenic or anti- mony (although; traces ot both were found in the tissues),.bat simply from long and continuons vo- miting incident to pregnancy, that, on an appeal to the Crown,1 the supposed culprit wasjparóoned'l The, discrepancy' bf medical opinion saved his life.,-' ' This case conveys a lesson of caution to medical wita'saes, not to offer a positive opinion on sub- jects not as yet scientifically investigated. And it ought to invest with interest Borne of the points dis cuceéd in .this paper. ( /Let OB inquire, then (as concisely as the sub- ject will admit of) what is yet known of the action of arsenic on the human body. Araenio may be taken (1) in large doses, either by acoident or for the pu pose of poisoning ; or (2) in very min- ute doses for therapeutical purp> ses ; ot (3) in doses too small|for rapid poisoning, and yet too large for medicinal purposes. We are tolerable well ac- quainted with its effects when from two or three (trains to several drachma are swallowed in solvt the slow and of poison, given by tiöri., It is almost iovaribal y fötal, ond generally within a few days or hoars. . Modern experience has also elioted very sa'¡factory evidence as toits physiological ashwell as therapeutical action' in such minute doses as~are found useful and safo in .in- termittents and in chronic cutaneous diseases. But with regard to its power of chronic poisoning in.doses,pfnah, intermediate strength, our know- ledge ia as yet. rather inferential and conjectural than experimental arid positive. Perhaps no writer has more carefully investi-, gated ibe poisonóris properties bf arsenic in Urge dosesi", than Dr, Christison, of e dinburgh. In his elaborate work on poisons, he has so satisfactorily elucidated this subject as to make it almost super i flqus^to.eite',other authority.. IJe has shown that i arsenic bas a twofold action ; the one. purely irri- tant,, by virtae of which inflammation In the alimen i tary canal and elsewhere is rapidly produced ; the . other,'a ey mp atho tió br so-called narcotic action > in parts, or, organs remote from i he seat of its ap i plication i It is impor'ant to keep these distinctions in view; becaute this will throw light npon the .Ultimate subject of our1 inquiry.' ' >' ? ' Of all the arsenical compounds the arseniuretted hydrogen, when inhaled, appears to be the most .activp,) but j thia is never used for poisonous pur- poses;, arid Lóur remark's will be chiefly confined to one preparation, the' white oxhide, or ananious acid. How small à quantity of this familiar form of 'poison jwi'l, in one doBe,, occasion death? A medical witness should be very careful how he re- plies ¡to such a question as this :> for the effect de ? pends not on the quantity swallowed, so much as on the i o ii <nti i y dissolved in the stomach ; and riot on ft bia, "for it . j8 now an established fact: that, in different individuals, there exists a greater variety' of intolerance of . arsen o than of any , other \ poison, It, therefore,, never can be, known with absolute certainty .how small a quantity may chance to prove iatul tn one case, or how Urge a quantity may be required o prove poisonous in ano her. Ac- cordingly, we have cases recorded in which a dose of two grains bas proved fatal, and others in which patients recovered after sixty grains,- three quar. .tors of an ounc^ and ari ounce and a-half had Leon swallowed rospea ively. In these.cases, however ihe arsenic was taken immediately after a mea),' followed by an emetic which speedily emptied the B'omach of,its contents.' , . 'ír Tfce symptoms, 'of'poisoning .vtíth '. targe \ 'doses of .arsenic are by no means similar or uniform in every ? case. - There is, however, mos'frequently a ro ,markable correspondence between the rapidity With which death follows the dose, r>nd the pro . iiinent symptoms occurring in the case. . ; . 1. In cases in which the patient dies in five or ¿ix hours or less after swa-lowing the poison, the ' ; fatal symptoms will have been excessive prostra tibn of.strength and frequent fainting. And there may have been no other symptom ; or, trivial vomiting and slight pain in the stomach may have occurred, and thus have mggOBted the idea of the source of the illness ; but even when these mild .ffastrio Bvmntoms bannen, they soon subside. '.5 here mày also bo some stupor br trifling convul- sions preceding dea'h ; but tho constant fain ing, '' «ometimes.aá aeliquium, is the leading symptom, . .and the practitioner is led rather tb suspect iuter : 'nal hemorrhage than arsenical poisoning. These; .'. -cases are rare, and they general'y occur after very large doses of tho poison havë been swallowed,. ; especially uv solution. Hero, death is produced :'not by inflammation, bulby tho shock undorgono '' by the nervous system, or by a loss of power in, tho heart>.: « . 2. Ffhen the patient survives from twenty four 't. ?ours to three days (and such cases are the mo t "v frequent of all), tho symptoms aro very different .' BioknesB and faintness do indeed ocour, and gene ' rally, in the first instance (sometimes a few minu- tos after the arsenic is swallowed) ; but very soo \- afterwards the region of the stomach feels pain- ful arid commonly " burning"thepa'n being much aggravated by-preBsurb. 1 ho vomiting and retch > ing scon become violent, especially if drink .is ' taken, and there is a sense of dryness, heat, and ','tightnesB in the throat; and generally intense .thirst. Hoarseness and difficulty of speech com i monly, follow. The matter vomi ed is greenish or ' yellowish; and sometimes streaked or mixed with blood, particularly if the case las's loaner than a * Soe Chambers's Journal, part soli,, Anguit, '1B61. day,* Diarrhoea genf rally fol'otra or (instead ol il) teneemus; bu' in some oases tho large iotts tines scarcely suffer st a'l. , The. pain in thc stomach quick! » becomr s excruciating, and is often .ikened by the sufferer to a fire burning within him, Tne belly is tense and tender, scntttimes stroll tn, but not generally. Kow and then the whole alimentary canal ia affected with burning pa:n from the throat to the anus, which is sore and excoriated. The mouth and lips have been some- times observed to be inflamed, presenting dark ?specks or blisters. The irritation may also extend to the air passages, and pneumonia may complicate the case. Other mucous membranes often suffer. Dysuria is very common, and the urethra in men and vagina in women are often painfully affected, the labia becoming excoriated. There is some- times total suppression or retention of urine. A fter a few hours, convulsive motions often occur, con- sisting of tremor, and twitches of the trunk, with severe cramps of the legs and arms. The general system now sympathizes acutely with the local misohief; there is a small, feeble, and rapid pulse Foon becoming imperceptible ; coldness of. surface clammy sweats, lividity of bands and feet, palpi- tation, collapsed and anxious countenance, rycB red and sparkling, with severe conjunetivities ; tongue and mouth parched, and palate covered with'small white ^ulcers. In the advanced stage j delirium stupor and coma sometimes usher in the fatal event.- In these oases the arsenic acts as an I irritant, and the patient dies of inflammation ; bu the symptoms are not always uniformly marked and it should be well considered that symptoms such as these do not alone consti'ute absolute evi dence of the .action of a poison, although they are highly auspicious, and loudly call for npost- mortem examination, and a dilligent search fur arsenic. , ,. 8.. When the patient is rescued from destruc- tion after taking 'arsenic, or where death occurs af er a protracted illness, the symptoms differ, from . those of the first and second class of cases ; the ?first train of symptoms being those of violent but not fa al inflammation, and the second train, those of nervous irritation. These generally come , on when the former begins to recede,, and they ron sist of coma, a peonliar palsy ofthearms or leys, like that from lead poisoning, and anomalous sym toms of an*epileptic, tetanic, or hysteric. character, with or without inania,-, ' .jThese-cases. ^of the 3rd I class) generally occur after laking a doBe of arsenic consisting of.» few grains only, qr aft pr the par tial, removal of a larger dose by an emetic. They are. cases of great interest to the present inquiry, and we shall refer to them again. ¡ , On review ing the above ' .described phenomena, it appears that a primary efiVct of a large dose of arseuie in a ot^te of solution is, a sudden depres- sion, of the action of the heart, under which it speedily ceases to beat ; and the practical les on it ' teaches us is, that where extreme prostration and frequent syncope ocour after j taking a large dose of armenio, we may safely pre diet /nat tbe patient.may live two hours,.but can- not survive longer than about five or sk, . And as ) a corollary to this proposition, it may be said that these symptoms alone,, when they thus t ermina! e fatally in a few hours, offer a Strong, presumption tba1 the patient h a been poisoned by arsenic, even though there is as yet no evidence, or even suspioion pl h is having swallowed, the poison. , It a so appears from the second clasB of cases, that when the dose of. tho .poison is not. sufficiently strong to destroy the. patient by arresting the action O' the heart, its secondary effect is to excite acute ? and fatal inflammation of the alimentary canal, other mucous surfaces.often,'partaking of the irritant action. By the third class of. cases we ar« taught, that when the dose is not sufficiently strong to destroy the patient, either by i's primary action on thebeart, or by its secondary, irrita' i. g effects on the stomach and bowels, the patient is then, liable, after recovery from tbe inflamma ory attack, to suffer severely and fatally,^róm what may be called tertiary I symptoms,, consisting of lesions of the'nervous system., As compared with the first and; second- class. of cases, this last maybe called «ÍOK3 poïianirty ; btit whether it can 'be ef- fected secretly, remains to be proved. Before dismissing the'subject bf poisoning by large doses of the, mineral, it? may. be. BB well to note that-there are occasionally cases which ap- pear to tako ati intermediate place between these different divisions. Â patient, m'sy. suffer severely at one and the same time, both from the deprt a-, sing and the irritant eη of the poison ; and there are cases in which bo dies' suddenly -without any well- marked'symptoms. So that we, are bound to exercise caution, BO as not, on. the one hand, to refer every case of active inflammation of the aliment-try cat a', or of ex'reme depression of the heart's action, to the effects of poison'; nor on the other hand, to risk a . strong opinion that the patient has not teen poisoned, because some of' the ordinary signs of arsenical toxica'ion, or, in deed; a?; of them are absent." The, post-mortem examination, when it discovers'.palpable quantities of arsenic in the tissues, ought in every case to be cone usive and satisfactory in the present state of chemical science. ! Upon the whole, .then, it {appears that the syinr* toms of arsenical poisoning in large doses, are, during life, generally BO well-marked, that they can, scarcely fail of exciting well-grounded sus- picions. . . í : "We will now proceed to inquire into the action of arsenic in very minute or medicinal closes. This subj-.ot. has been investigated with groat care and attentiob of late yéars, and the results are highly in'cresting and satisfactory, though in some re- spects widely diverse from the conclusions which had been formed merely from observing the effects of the mineral.in poisonous doses. It waa natural enough to expect that the symptoms produoed by minute dosoB wou'd differ only in degree from those bf the larger doses ; and; strongly impressed with this conjecture, hundreds of medical men have repudiated its medicinal use altogether, al i though it has been known as a valuable medicine for moro than a century, lt ha°, however, been .proved satisfactorily of late, that there ie no found* lotion whatever .for these misgivings; that the action of arsenio in minute doses is far from being similar in kind ti its action ia large doses-is, in fact, most dissimilar, and, in many respects, ab- solutely contrary, producing symp oms tho very reverse of the toxical symptoms above described. Further, we are prepared to show that, ^roporiy administered and carefully watohed, arsenic is o med'cine remarkably safe, whether administered1 for a short time, or for months or years together,_ \--that it never accumulates in the system, as some have believed ; but that it is very rapidly elimi- nated,-hatif it. be continued for n losg time neither does the system become so habttuatcd to i s notion as to tolerate large doses, nor is any necessity created for persistence in its uso, nor any ; corresponding danger incurred in suddenly relin- quishing its habitual use. Al. this we : are pre- pared to prove, not by allusions to newspaper stories, but by referring to our own expérience, .and that of our brethren at home, in its daily use ; and then we.shall bein some mc asure able to cou* sider the meri s of the alte ior question, the slow .* Or lt may be colour!d by tbo-iootor Indigo now mixed with amento (asreqnired by Act of Parliament), when sold in small quantities, ' ..poisoning proem. Wc JJ a ve Enid (hat the' effects tri minute medicinal doses are jutt the very op. pbsjte of those of the* larger doses used for poisoning; tbe following table wiil show in what I respects ;* In larga doiet, Attente Is almost alway* fatal. Often prod nco a extreme de- gression and collapse. Impairs the action of the heart, oftentimes ad deli Summ, exciting cold clam» ray perspiration.. Excites nausea and voe it ing. - . Irritates the bowels and ex \- : cites inflammation often with^diarrhcaa. Enfeebles and depro'ses tb« nervous system, sometimes prodnoing stupor and ooma. Sometimes causes epilersv. In medicinal dotet.AuenU Is never fatal. IB tonio and invigorating. Excites the action of the heart and warms the ex- tremities when they ara : otherwise disposed to bS 'cold. , Quickens the appetite and and promotes digestion. Never excites inflammation or diarrbcoa; bnt some- times restrains the nudue action of the towels. Has a tendency to excite the retro us BJ stem, and is apt to make the patient rest- less at night. Sometimes cures epilepsy never canses ib. The facts stated in the left-hand colaren of the above table require ho proof. They are only too well known ; for, unfortunately, poisoning by arse* nichas been too frequent for its usual effects to bea matter of controversy. The contests of the right hand column are not so universally known to be true. We shall therefore show on what grounds they are worthy'of belief,; j That arsehie ' administered with ore, in proper medicinal doses, is never fatal,may be justas' t difficult to prove as any other negative, and yet there are reasons' for believing it quite *s satis- factory as demonstration could be. First, inde- pendently of exserien e, we might conolude from analogy that there can be ho danger in a medi- cinal dose, inasmuch as. this doBe of arsenic is more remote from the poisonous dose than that of any other substance used in medi- cine. 1 he safe dose of arsenic, and the largest oenerally required in medicine, ia five minims of Fowler's Solution. Kow, this is equivalent to one twenty-fourth of a grain of arsenious acid. But the smallest quantity of arsenious a-id which bas been known to be fatal is two grains, or about forty eight or"fif y times the quantity required for medicinal'purposes. It appears, therefore, that it is a most unusually safe medicine ; for let any other medicine, however harmless;' be s wal owed in like proportion, and it would certainly kill the patient. Take' rour rrraius of calomel, for examnle. BB the inéSieinal dose ; what if two hundred grains were swallowed at onoo ? v Or think of one hundred grains of opium, or thirty ounces of sul- phate of magnesia,or thirty' drachms of mngnesia, or a quart' or two of castor oil, pr a drachm of extraer of Colchicum for'a dose; or'fifty wine glassfuls of brandy^ x Who woudl'not rather swallow two''grains ',of arsénié "than any one of these - unheard-of doses ? ' Most' of the activé mateiia medica wou'd destroy lite tn four or six timeB their proper" dosei ' Arsenic requires fifty times its proper dose, arid then perhaps would rarely'prove fatal. ' Surely'we may infer that the j proper dose of this medicine id a safe one. Secondly f the mild and gentle influence1 of arsenio when used BB a inedipine (similar, in many, points, to that of quinine), onght to shield it from the irn [ pu ation of being a dangerous medicine. If it ordinarily ' produces none of th» symptom's bf a ¡ large do e, even in, the, smallest degree.'it is little less than absurd 'to expect it to'kill ! But, ! thirdly, lest the bugbear should still excite alarm, let us appeal to facts.' Probably we have more distinct' anil extensive,' reoordsöf the therapeutics pf arsenic than of any, other article used ' in medi- j cine.;. Tn the year',1848'the President and Coun- cil of the Briish (then called t,he| Provincial) . Medical and, Surgical ( Association ^undertook an | exténsive'inquiry atnóns tthé member?', as well'as \ among other .practitioners, as ' te their experience ' in the medio'hal use. o' arsenic. The résulta of this important inquiry ,werV publiBnéd in the , "'TransactiontB " of the Association' (vol. xvi.. párt 2) ;' and ra this " ,Memoir" i's embodied the experience of seventy-^^ who had usecl arsénié ''(many,,of !<nism, largely,, and some ind soreet ly), and whpsé eases amount, iii the'ag- gregate, toi several thousands., ',Yet, in their answers to special inquiries it appeared,that not one pf these practitioner? , had ever found lhcmedi-.\ eine either fatal or permanently detrimental.iq health, . We are temp ed to ask/ where, shall( we get such an amount, of evidence .ás,;,to the. safety, of any other medicine ? . But this ia. not all. i We llave ourselves pursued these inquiries for 'the lose twelye'years, far beyond the limits of this " Me- moir ;'' and, including our own experience, we may, say that we have c<me to the knowledge of about ñf y thousandj'cas'es in whiob arsenio has been used as a. medioine, not always discreetly, and as'yet it does no" appear to have been fatal in a single instance I. Rumours pf such , poisonings have reached us, of course, but we have never boon able to trace thom home * nor have we the slight- est hesitation in saying that . no. patient'can ever perish in, cpnsequence of arsenical treatment, if it be,discreetly ,conducted and the patient carefully watohed. It is true that many writers on arsenic have cautioned, ns to watch for, symptoms of gas- tritis, or of disturbance of the bowels, as signs of an over-dose. Well, wo have.watched and waited for these symptoms for neatly, forty years together, and we have no recollection of a single instance of entetilia, gastritis, or diarrhoea which we could trace.to the use of arsenic.,,. Indeed, we haye no es' of moro than six thousand bases in whioh none'of these symptomB aro recorded,though we have ' often seon habitual diarrhoea restrained under its use, sometimes,even to constipation. ¡Seeing, then, that large and poisonous doses of arsenic cannot be administered secretly, their ac tion being violent and well known, and easily recognised, and seeing that minute doses if 'continued for years together, neither des'rby life nor impair health, we.aro driven to the conclusion that if arsenic, can be used as a slow and secret poison, it must be administered to the victim in do-es neither very large noir very minute, And this brings us to the, third branch of inquiry, name y What do we know of the effects on the hurnah sys'em of doBes pf arsenic of on intermediate strength, from a quarter of agraju or tess to two or three grains, repeated at short intervals with a view, to the destruction of lifo wi hin a given period? , And we shall; divide our inquiry into two branches. 1. What are the symptoms during life? 2. What are the post mortem proofs that thc patient has died of arsenic? ' lt would seem reasonable to anticípalo this in- quiry by a confident conjecture, that the symp- toms produced .by doses, of arsenic pf intormedio o ,s rength,. would naturally take on intermediate rank ; that if tho largest dose bo poisonous and the smallest salutary, the medium dose may be expec od to do neither good nor harm. Wo shall show, however, thut t its is not the CUBC lt is rue that pur experience of these tymptoms is ex- tremely limited ; but even this will be shown to bo, highly valuable, not only as regards tho spacial object of this inquiry, but also in reierenco to thc medicinal adminis lotion of arsenic. The subjuct may be best ilustra ed by quoting a series of cases, beginning with the smaller (intermediate) (Jose, and gradually ascending in the scale , to the larger (intermedíale) doses, making no . allowance 'in the first insfance'Yor those exception»/ casés..fr r hielt the i Aleta have been modified by idiosyn- crasy, . . Tho ovfraire medicinal dt se of arsenic we bare stated fo ho five minims of Fowler's fSolntion, On the testimony of 'he best au'h^rs most patten's will bear this dose tobe repeat) d twice or thiice a day fur weeks together without inconvenience Every ounce of th» solution containing four grains of arsenite of potash, an ordinary dose of five minims represents the twenty-fourth of a grain if arsenious acid. In intermittents, however, the p 1 tient will bear doses .of the twelfth of a grain, continued at intervals long enough to cure the sgue. Few patients can, however, take ibis dose for a week, without inconvenience. , The conjunc- tivae soon become inflamed, the eyelids swolleD, the eyes smarting and watery. Let this dose be exceedel or doubled, and other symptoms appear, as ne sb nil see. ? Case I.-A clergyman of middle age had feen taking for seven weeks for .the cnre of a leprous affection, fifteen minims of the liquor arsenici chlo rid» thrice a day, with benefit, tint without any physiol igical sign.- . On applying to an ignorant druggist for. a renewal of his med cine he was,sup- plied with Fowler's solutivo in mistake. -; This is about three times as strong as the chloride, conse j quently he took three limes a day about the eight part of a grain, (instead of the.twenty-fourth) of . arsen!ou8 seid in the form of arsenite of po'ash. At the end of a week he presented the following symptoms, which we copy from our case book : Conjunctiva injected, the lower , tarsal portion, acutely inflamed, the eyelids and cheeks .tumid and reddened. The soles of the feet and palms ; of the hands presentee* that k;nd of vesio-tion known as the result of applying iodine ointme .t or tincture to the skin ; darting pains in the head, inflammation and swelling of the knee, elbow, and finger Joints, and a slight degree of pityriasis, arsenic*His, with a mild form of diarrhoea. There was some degree of nervous agitation not amount- ing to trembling, no sickness, no tingling pf the hands. We mention this latter circumstance because sickness and tingling of: the hands were mentioned . by several witneB es at the trial pf Smethurst as parhognomonio of arsenical toxication in small and repeated doses. These symptoms soon, sub- sided, and afterwards on a return of the disease (which bad disappeared rapidly) be, was. able to take the usual doses of the ohloride without in convenience.. , That a. perseverance in tba large dose would ultimately have, endangered his life, who cm doubt ? But here was an unusual amount of into erance ot arsenic. , ? ,: - , Oase.2 (related by the late Dr. Theophüus : Thompson),:-"A gentleman to whom I had given Fowler's solution for throe months, persevered, with eight minim,dopes, after stiffness, of the eye'ids and nausea had occurred.' : Violent vomitings, fol- lowed perspirations ¡ and copious discharge of urine, which appeared to contain blood. ,In this, Ínstanos some vesicles appeared^, on. the feet (sn appearance which I have, somewhere seen men tioned as an occasional .effect of arsenic) j the eczema, which had boen relieved, - was' now again aggravated, but after a. suspens iori of. the remedy ! f.»r a few. weeks, it.tea* returned with niore vigilance and precaution,-and with ultimate recovery."''..Here the doge .waa not enormous, but it, was , long-con , tinued, aiid.might'bW* beeajk^ at:l$g$.. ! Case 8. -Mr. Fox, of Fa'mooth, relates a case in which a phys'ciao, most indiscreetly prescribed for. an hysterical female,, whose fits were sometimes of the epileptic character, tho liq. potassasi arse ci ! tis in doses of , ten drops,, gradually increased to twenty, four times a day, or, f,Om one twelfth to I ono sixth ot a grain of arsenite, of, potass., The ' throat, becamo inflamed,she, complaioèd of severe , burning pain in the s omach and bowels,', inflamed ' conjunotivo, and a papulous eruption. .. Theso symptoms were fol'owea by , an ,attack of mania, j but how far it, was due to, the .arsenic is not clear. She soon recovered.from it, as,,well' as from the symptoms of arsenical toxieation. t, :" . : Caso 4.-In this case/which occurred under our own observation in the, year, 1838,; a young ¡lady took^ by mistake, forty minjma of Fowler's, solu- tion, (one third of a grain of ersenious acid : ; thrice a day for,six daysT-in ¡thq ,whole,, six grains of I areeniojl i.Thesymptbmsi.jeoordedjin our o iso ' book ,werç : T Conjunctivitis,, ,'dimness of sigh , ! ' giddiness, trembling of the j limbs, restless , nights, ' and other strange, affections-of the nervous sys- ! tem ; but no sickness, .diarrhoea, or. griping, no ! tingling of ¡the hands. She soon, recovered from ; the immedia'e effectspf the poison,, but became ; intolerant of'.the smallest, dos:s pf ¡medicine; for j years afterwards. . .Thia commencement of arsenic I eating ill accords with the S yrinn stories. : .. j uCase 6.- \ well marked, case of (attempted) | slow poisoning by arsenic is recorded by Flaudin ('« Traite des Poisons, on Toxicologie," tom. i, p. 610) :-"A. woman put daily into.the soup of her fe.lov servant a;yery small, quantity of arseni ons.acid in powder, Which was regularly, rejected 1 by. vomiting after dinner, together wi h the 'food 1 Th:s poetice was oontinued at.intnrvals for about ! six weeks, and the 'stomach .became exceedingly irritable ; there was also, pain in the. bowels, ema ciation,.spitting"of blood^ and such a degree of nervouB irritability that a current of cold air ex cited convulsions. ; ,The patient now left the place and passed two months in the country. Here sho recovered her health, and returned to her usual occupations. The poisoner now renewed her at tempts, and, to make sure, gave, her victi.n ono morning in some coffee, a 'strong "dosa of t nenióos acid in powder ; vio'ent vomiting ensued, and .be poison was expelled with ihe food taken t break fast; arsenic was .detected,in tho vomited mut- ter j and under proper treatment, the woman re covered. .. 1 líese oases though differing from oaoh other in some points, m .y bo,taken to represent tho effco s of arsenic in doses from one-eighth of a grain to one third or more repeated at intervals of a few hours. In eq,ch case, although there were present no symptoms of immediate danger, it cannot be doubted th it slow poisoning had commenced ; but tba symptoms were so marked, that the process of poi coning, fuppoaing the mineral natl been au ministered in eaeh case secretly with intent to poi- son, as happened, in case 5, must surely have boen1 discovered : had the poison been continued. Then, it maybe observed that all. the symptoms vanished rapidly when the poisoning process was suspended; and this teaches us another lesson as to the difficulty of secret and slow poisoning namely, that should the murderer bo interrupted in bis conrBe 'he victim may escapo. And it also proves that oommon opinion that tho remote effco s of small doses are dangerous, is utterly devoid of foundation. Patients recover from arsenic bettcr than from moroury, iodine, an im >ny, or any o her active niedioino when administered in excessive doses. We may now divido the cases into fivo distinct groups . ; 1\. In doseB of several drachms or ounces, par- tially or wholly dissolved, and not rejected by vo TI : tin gr, we have excessive prostration, frequent and frightful fain>ing, and dea'.h within fivo (or nt most six) hours. 2\. In moro common cases, where the qumtity swallowed and dissolved perhaps less thon adrachm or two, we have beat and burning in the stomach pairf aggravated by pressure, frequent vomiting, -.ndviolentretolnno-, and inflamm«t>oo of J bs whol« a'imentary c»nal from ibe throat to the ann», wjth dian hoe , teneemua, st'angury, an<J irritation of probably a'l | the: mucpuB membranes, then rt mps and ' convulsions, cold BWta's, and death i . twenty 'our hours. 3\. When the poisonous dose is very small (from two grains to ten) we'have first symptoms of in fl imm ilion of a less severe character, i»nd secondly cerna, palsy, epileptic or tentanic symptoms with or without mani», death occurring after a lone protracted struggle of severjl days, from which now and then a patient has been known to recover. 4\. In doses from one-eighth to one-third of a (tr.iin. or more, we have quite a different set ot symptoms, viz., conjunctivitis, dimness of sight, vesical ion of palms and soles, darting pains in the head, swelling and inflammation of the joints, pity riasis or lichen, giddin-ss, nervous agitation or trembiing, sleepless nights, sometimes slight gas nie irritation or diarrhoea, or, in the larger doBe vomiting. And these t>ymptoms increase in se- verity in proportion as the coursé of poison is p'o traded, hut r pidly disappear when the course is terminated." Some or all of these symptoms will I be prominent in slow poisoning. j 5\. ID medicinal doses (fiona gr. j-a to «'^>) we I observe the tffeo's to be never fata', but generally tonie and invigorating, the extremities become I warm, the appetite, and the process of digestion [ quicke, ed, and the patient becomes more active, and sometimes rest'ess at n;ght. A slight horizon- tal streak of sub acute inflammation pf that portion of the conjunctiva, which lines the lower eyelid betokens the dose to be sufficient for all therapeu- tical purposes, and this dose may be continued, if needful, for several months or years withou*. tbe s'igh'est detriment to heat h, and it may be as safely arrested at any time. To recur to group Kb. 4, in which we have the symptoms of slow poisoning, the first thing obs: rv able would be tho affection of the eyes, whioh would be red and swollen and the conjunctives so inflamed and thickened as to produce partial blindness. The second symptom vetication oj the soles' and palms ; the third, nervous agitation or trembling, restless nights', or horrid dreams.' 7 he fourth, giddiness. and darting pains in the head. Tbese four would generally be the leading Symp- toms ; the casual or occasional would' be swel.ing and inflammation of the io nts, peeling of the cu tio'e, t e. slight pityriasis or lichen ; lastly, slight g»strio irritation, perhaps diarrhoea or vomiting, chiefly when a larger dose is immediately rejected what remains in the stomach exciting other symp- toms bf alow poisoning : neither tingling of the bandB Wr, enteritis ever occur. ' The e symptoms may be.expected to ebb and flow tr vary in sever- ity ifthe poisoner fails in ,h'ÍB ^purpose of giving his victim a,cons'ánt succession of doses, rind if be should at last succeed in administering a larger dose than usual, then, unless ii weié immediately rejected by vomiting, fa'al inflammatory symp- toms would probably close the tragedy. .We ask, bow, would not these symptoms excite, suspicion and a tendon, more especially if they were better known arid tnore carefully committed to memory by medical, practitioners /Secondly, the post mortem examination, suppo- sing the murderer succeeded, wbu'd generally reveal the'truth. There would be, in the VBBI majority of oases, more than traces of arsenic in the tissues and in the blood, nnd this lat er would probably have lost its coagulating power; but supposing the sufferor survived fer a fortnight br more after the last dose pf arsenic, then the whole pf the poison might bo eliminated before death, so at least the, fol I o wing case would seem to prove : -A gentleman lind been taking arsenic in tnedi* cinal dO^es (four drops of Fowler's Solution thrice à day) for the care of á cn aneoua disease. The coursé had been protracted fur twelve months or more, when ,he died of a weU-murked attack of ¡typhoid fever then enden io in the teighbouthood. ÍUe had taken no arsenic for about a fortnight be fore he died.- One of his medical' attendants ignorantly persisted in the opinion that the arsenic had poisoned him ; and at the postmortem ex -mi nation took away with him a portion of the liver, 'some blood, and the fluid contents of, the stoma' h j and bowels. < However, decomposition was rapid atad hot a trace of arsenio was found.* lt ia not therefore' imppssible/eveh ina e'ise'of actual pois loning by arsenic, that the whole of the po'son ¡might be eliminated if the patient survive for two lor three, weeks tho last dose of arsenic. This j would be a most puzzling case for a jury ; still until, the symptoms of slow poisoning are better koonn to the profession, a verdiot; of murder on [this evidence of symptoms alone would rarely be ! jas'.ifhble. If, however,"ersenio be detec ed in the food or drink off red to the victim, that would j materi illy alter the case. The common boliefthen, that arsenio in s nail doses accumulates in the system, is altogether erroneous, lt is'true that arsenio in medicinal doses is what is called a cumulative poison ; i.e., its effects accumulate beoause it acts very slowly. The second or third week of a course of'this medicine often BIVJWS symptoms of an overdose, which did not appear during the first week, so that the dose must be decreased. This is peculiarly true if its action on tho vascular system is Been in the conjunotiv o. When it acts primarily on the nervous system* exciting tho muscular Irritability, and disturbing tho rest at night, these symptoms gradually subside, .while the vascular irritation increases..' And this is so uniformly the case, that it is impossible to conceive that the Styrian pea- sants can go on constantly, increasing the dose, and finding its ioflammatuy effects less and less obvious. There are exceptions to all rules, but the actual habits of à oonntry or nation are not the exe' ption but the rulo. Therefore, whoa we are' told even hy a modioal journalist that tho arsonic eaters " begin quio ly with a bit of tho aizf of a millet seed and gradually arrive at a lump of the size of a pea, Weighing from four and a hair to five and a half grainB, daily," we simply reply ir« cannot accept the statement; and we feel a little ashamed that such things should be soberly and seriously relatod in a medical periodical. The cumulative effdtts of. even medicinal ilosrs of arset/io, when administered rashly in constantly increasing doses, without wailing a week or two to observe their effect, might prove very serious in the case of a patient who, from idiosyncrasy, happened to be peculiar'y susceptible of the toxi cal i i. ri uenoo of tho mineral. Formerly this was the common practice, and it often produced ahí ming symptoms, but we believe nevt-r a fatal result. Ic is indeed to this, peculiar idiosyncrasy chiefly that we should be disposed to nttributo tho injurious effects of arseni- cal pipors in tho apartments of dwelling-houses, as also the sufferings of, her<i and thore, a handler of the arsenical preparations . UBed in imputing a green colour to the flowers worn on ladies' bon- nets. The cry of universal injury received from these sources wo believe to bo exaggerated. Nevertheless, we aro strongly of opinion that the use of ursenioal greens, for mere purposes of oma * MM. Dangar and Wandin found MO trace ol' nrienla In tho bodies of animals to which doiea of fifteen grains dally bave bean g. ven ¡tba bodies wore examined throe dova a lt ir tho latt doss. ment, ought to be strictly foruladen bf law. If only the life of one in a bousand weie endanger¿d this would be too great a sacrifice for the purpose of mere ornament, And it sorely becomes er fry medical practitioner to use the whole weight of his influence in this direction. If our lady sanitarians have shown a little more of zeal and phi'a-.tbropy ban ol s ience and judgment, in their urgent ex« poe u'a ions, we of the profession have certainly shown, IB a body, no great excess of zeal io tb is matter.. And tlie reason .is we have taken too little pains in examining the physiological merits of the case. We have no: even appreci ted justly the difficulties of the auojecU And yet this is, the first step towards'understanding it. We must hot . be content with listening incredulous'y to idle and contradicory tales, h tending, as wc do, st the bar of public opinion, as witnesses supposed to be well-informed, and often appealed to as to the tru li of the public reports on suph subjects, it is surely, no credit to us either to appear indifferent or to be ignorant of anything which concerns the sani- tary welfare of the community. Most - of us have much to learn, and happily there is here and there one who seems determined to investi- , gate the matter. The recent ingenious and highly interesting and suggestive researches on Slow or Chronic Arsenical Foi Boning, by Dr. Har- ley Professor of Medical Jurisprudence in Univer- sity College may be cited in illustration. These researches consisted ol a lengthened series of expe- riments on.animals. The poison was injeo'ed in to the veins, and while tome of the experiments' lasted only twenty-five minu.es, others extended overa period of eigh'ydays. From these exper:. manta it would appear that, the effects of arsenic on the digestive canal differ in the acu'e and chro- nic form of poisoning. So different indeed, are the morbid changes presented in tb? two cas' s that, the effeets of the one could never be deduced from those of the o her. The more chronic the act oh ot the'poison, the moro uniformily are its effects distributed over the digestive c inal ; whereas in - the acu e form of poisoning, the effects of the toxic agent are more especially oh served in the stomach. From certain. researches which Dr. Harley a'so made upon the direct action of tie poison on the blood, it would seem that unenic bas the power of retarding the metamorphosis of the constituents of tba' fluid, and thereby affecting, the tissue obi nge. The conclusions which l r. Harley has derived from the whole series of kia experiments he has thus tommed up : lit. That arsenio has a apeolfio notion on the digestive ?' canal. + 2nd. That the notion of artesia on the digestive MD 1 is manifested if respectively of f's mode of administratian,.' 3rd. That the dirait contract-notion ot araenic with tho . mnoona membrane ia'alight in comparison to the inflaenoeit exerts throagh the blood. , . 4tb. That the symptomB manifested during life, as well . aa the morbid on inge i : found - after death, d.ffer ; ver* materially ia tba acote and ohronio forros of po'eontng. '? 1 5th.,That whereas in the acute form of poisoning tbs , morbid ohangea are moat marked at the cardiao end of the stomach/in the chronio form they are most visible towards . . the pyloria extremity. . ; ] 6th. The more gradual the poisoning, the more maoifa t ia tba action of the poison on the intestine», and the leas ' visihle are its effects on the stomach 7th. Death moy ooour from orsenlo so rapidly that no. apparent atrnotural ohange has time to ocoar. 8th. That tba immunity from By'mptoins of poisoning en- joy ed by arienio-eà era moBt probably arises from .their ?' taking the substanoe in a solid form, and consequently that bot a very small portion of what is swallowed cutera the cir- culation. 9th. That tba beneficial effects of email dotes of arsenio are due to the power it possesses of' diminishing Ussuä chnnge by ita peculiar action on the blood. 10th. That tho prejudicial eflbotB of araenio when taken . in excess 'are due to ita destroying the property possessed1 by the constituents of the blood ot combining with ' oxygen, and thereby becoming fitted for the purposes of. nutrition; "We haye cittd Dr. Harley's researches, on, ao-. count of their suggestiveness, snd more especially for the important hints they furnish for tho, futuro study of ohronio arsenical poisoning in man.- - l et us encourage such valuable labours, and let DB en- ? deavour, to discover the real causes of any discre- pancy of opinion which may prevail amongst our- selves. ' ' ?. : ' i ' -', - ' '? "' ' , The .question of arsenic-eating, which at first eight; seems to ignore all the , Bnpposed'i'dangers ' arising' from the commercial' nae of ' arsenio, is ; easily disposed bf. Títere is no reliable evidence' whatever' that the system' ban; acquire' a tolerance , of arsenics* doses which would prove poisonous to ? the'generality of adults.The asserted examples '?' of individuals having become arsenio proof are very rare, and in thfeBO instances" it is s at d that the poison was taken in the solid, crystallised form. ? Assuming the correctness.of these statements, it is not improbable, as Dr. Harley sugg.ats (a sug- gestion which ace >rdB entirely with our own opinion) that but a very small portion ot what is swallowed enters tho circulation.' If the at sonic- eater happoned' to have an acid in the stomach, a smooth1 piece of arsenious acid would prove nearly insoluble, and might pass through the alvine canal all but uh 'obonged. In tliis mmnor it is not impossible that a 'certain accidental immunity' from ihe toxical ef jfrfcta of tho poison might, from time to.lime, be' observed ; and even that the minute portion which it ¡3 to be assumed would bo disso'yed and would pass into tho blood, might have exercised a-medi- cinal effect, invigorating the appetite for the ti at e, and tending to give plumpness and strength. But that examples of apparent tolerance of arsenic in , poisonous doses are most rare, is tho only safe con- clusion which can bo arrived at from the exceed- ingly nnBatiBraotrry accounts we possess of the as ser ed arsenic-esters of 6 ty rio. tho other hand it is important to boto that arsenical poisoning (not necesBBtily criminal) is very common in Styria. TIUB fae', while it indicates'the fami inrity ot the peasantry with the poison, and; furnishes indirect confirmation of the stories of the frequent uso of arsenic by them, shows at the same timo that tho poison has not lost its deleterious properties by change of locality, and justifies the vory gravest doubts of thc assertions respecting arsenic . eating, -, Assuming, however, tho correctness of ,, tboso stories, it is impassible, until wo have far different evidence than that which we now 'possess, to look ' , upon instances of an en ic-proof individuate other wise than BB rare exceptions rather than the rule, and that their immunity is an accidental circum- stance rather than an acquired habit. ^ Notwithstanding the period during which the story of the ¡stjrian toxophagis's has boen patent, we are still without those precise details which wou'd enable us to form a just sciontiGo judgment of its merit ; but of this thoro cnn be no doubt, that the popular versions of tho story are entirely wanting in credibility. 