I WRITING IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. I t TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Knowing that you are always ready to advance the interests of the rising genera- tion of this colony, I wish to bring under your notice the way in which that most important branch of education, willing, in to a great extent neglected in our public schools. It is true the youths are taught to write, but I think I can justly say that there is not one in twenty whose writing on leaving school would he sufficiently good to enable him to obtain a situation in any bank or mercantile office where his duties require him to write. I attribute this to the want of a special writing master for this branch, whose system has been filed in schools, and proved to answer, and who can impart to the boys a thorough business hand. French, drawing, and singing masters have been engaged in these schools, and I believe are about to be engaged again if a sufficient sum is voted by Government for that purpose; now I contend, and I am sure it will be admitted by all, that writing is far more important than any one of these branches, which are not actually necessary to a young man working his way through the world, and will be useless to one-half or more of those who are learning them ; while, on the other hand, writing, a most essential branch, which no one can do without, is, as I said before, greatly neglected, and only for the want of a professional writing master, and as the expense of one would be so very trifling, I think that at the same time a small sum for the salary of a gentleman for that jun arose were to be included in the amount voted it would be a very desirable addition to the public schools. Hoping this important matter will not rest here, but that it will be taken up by a more able hand, I am, Sir, yours, &c;, EDUCATIONAL. A GHOST STORY At the Police Court on Saturday, Anthony M'Geo, a farm labourer, was charged by Constable Qridbin, with vagrancy. It appeared that on Friday night the prisoner was found in the police enclosure, near the stables. On being asked to give an account of himself, he said he wished to be taken into custody, as he was followed by a ghost, which would not give him rest. The prisoner spoke more like a lunatic than a person in the possession of his senses. He stated he had been working at M'Bean's. He was in the habit of taking strychnine in large and small quantities. When he took a large quantity it " made him stiff." It was the ghost of a woman that followed him he had not murdered her, her body was dead, but her soul wife living on earth. Nothing could be made out of the fellow, so he was remanded till Monday, and on that day discharged. Kyneton Observer: ANOTHER NUOOBT.-Mr, Tolhurst, of View Point, purchased this week a specimen, which, on being broken up and smelted, yielded thirty-six winners of gold. This was found by the party who some mouths since found one of about twenty-four ounces in the same , locality. "The fortunate man mc Giujiying a truck and two mates. It was found in the Whipstick district, about three miles fix) , Sailor's Gully.-'? Bendigo Advertiser Den. He 