< WESLEYAN AUSTRALASIAN MISSION« I . ARY SOOIBTY. THE annual meeting of tba Wesleyan AostraiaBiin -, MiBslonoTj Society, was held last ovening in the Centenary Chapel, York, etreet. There was a large audience. - " The chair was taken by the Honorable GEOBOE ALLEN, M.L.G. _ , . There wa» on the platform the RevB. J. EggteBton, A. Thomson.John Inglis, A. Bozjootl, S. Ironside, S. Babone, John Caldwell, Esq., M.P., Bev. B, Mansfield, Bev. Mr. Gurnow.Dr, Moffatt, RBV. Mr. Chapman, J.ha DawioD, Eeq , «nd others. - After devotional exercises, the secretary, Bev. Jorra EOOLESION, read tba following report: <. Ihe committee" of the Australasian Wesleyan Metbo dist Missionary Sooiety have to report to the subaeribet sand friends of Ibe Institution, that the expenditure for the past year has been £15 013 ls. lld,, and that the receipts iavebeen £10,920 7a. 21" leaving a defioienoy of £100} 16B, 9d, to ba granted by the parent sooiety in London. " It affords your committee pleasure to Btate that the Bubsotiptions from the mission districts have amounted to £6075 IBs. OJ., being £1107 lie. in advance of the former year. "Each distriot baa contributed to this inorease, New Zealand bas raised £580 G.1. 3d., being on inorease of £90 10i. 101. "Friendly Islands and Samoa have raised £3660 Os. lld., being an inóreos) of £478 10;. 81. Fiji has raisad £1826 2?. 7(*. being an inorease of £037 15?. OJ. " These returns ere the more gratifying as oironm stances have been transpiring in eaab distriot wbioh had led the missionaries to fear that the subscriptions for the year would not equal former contributions. " Your committee rejoiae in this evidence of the attach- ment which the natives feel to the institution wbioh has supplied them with tbe messengers of peace. The If jian natives have indicated a wish to do more towards the support of the mission. The district meeting baa ordered twenty-two 400 gallons iron tank*, end BOO five gallons oil cane, to receive these additional contributions, and most ot them have boon forwarded by tho mission brig. " The donation from the King of Hanover mentioned in' the last report, bas been transferred to tba parent sooioty, to aislet in providing ou>iH and passage money for now «misionarles for Fiji. In an autograph letter to TFfaakombau, the king placed the one hundred pourras at the disposal of tte B.u Chief. Tbekombau desired the 'British OonBul to write for bim to the committee in London, requesting them toase tho amount in forward- ing more missionaries. The following is a copy of his letter:-'I write to tho?o ia London wbo manage the affairs of tbe Wesleyan mission in F ji. I am Tbakaban -na'Vunivolu. I have reoeived a letter from bis Majesty 'the King of Hanover. He has sent me some handsome present?. It ia written in the letter that the king bas given £100 to make Christianity grow in Fiji. I am -very thankful to bis Majesty. It is a great thing to be thought of by thia klcg, for my land ia far away from' bis. I wish this money to be used by -yon, as you think best for this, oar lend, to help the work of tho mi«icnariee in Fij*. Tin is what the King oi 'Hanover wishes, and thia ia what I wiab. It is good of yon to send to Fiji tbe missionaries wbo are now here. Why do you not send many morer Tbere ore many Fijians' - who baie no missionaries. Huw ia it? Are they to have none? There is one thing only that can make our land good, like "England, It ia the Bib'e. Send os more missions ios to teach theB ble to tho Fjisnp. My letter is finished.' "Her Mojesty'a COOBOI, in transmitting tba letter to the Bev. J. Calvert, chairman of tba Fijj mission, says : -' The Vunivalu hes wished me to write for bim to the Wesleyan Missionary Sooiety, respecting the money re- ferred to in the King ol Hanover's latter- I have »imply tint on paper the aentimenta of the obief, and now for. ?wird the letter to you, to be transmitted to tho Mission 'House' "Your oommittee would arge the ohurohes in Aa Bira lia to second this application to the home committee, for an increased agency, by enlarged contribatio; s. The last published report of tbe parent Booiety ebews that load oalls ore being made apon its re- sources from many important fielc's of labour. Promising . openingé are presented in Germany, Fronoe, Swi zerland, and Itely, OB well aa in the older BtstionB in heathen lends. .Reoont ocmmunioations'*indicate that the fio'fal distress in the manufacturing districts will materially affeot the contribution list for the past year. Under such ciroumstarjoes vigorous efforts to inorease the funds are demanded in our Tarions branch and aaxiliary Boaioties, that this inorease in the number of mission . aries may not entail a heavier demand on the fanda of the parent aooiety. "Your oommittee ri joice to leorn tbot the commnni. . citions sent for fur.her ministerial help ere being favourably considered, and prrangtmsnts were in pro- gress to sent oat missionaries for Fiji. Two young ministers had sailed, and others were to follow. " Your committee havepleaauro instating that a large edition of tbe Sentiré otipture s in the Tonga language boB* j tat been oompleted by ths Btitiab and Foreign Bible Seoit ty, and four thousand copies have been for- warded for the Friendly Islands, This rosult has bson consummated by the diligent and earnest labours ol the Bev. Thomas Weat, a rolarnad miasionery fiom tbe \- Friendly Islands. In accordance with the wishes of the '.Bible Sooiety, Mr.West haB for some time been Bet apart by the parent missionary commi tee to the work of revising and completing tho ttonBlalioDBforwarded by the . missionaries. . Tba Bevds, Jobn Thomar, Stepben Babone, and other?, who are no longer in tbe field, hove bad honorable toil in oonneation with thia glorious result. And this ' society ia ' deeply indebte I to all those missionaiies who have laboured in tbe translation department,and tb the sooiety that bas borne the expense ot tho publication of the entire Scriptures in the Tongan language. A reoent letter from the Bible Sooiety pledges another edition of the New Testament for Fiji, Bnd intimates that on arrangement will now bi made to oomplete the revision of the Old Testament for publication. Daring the lest year your committee 1MS bad the pleasure or remitting to tbe Bible Society, £310 ' 7s. 10J" as proceeds of sale of Scriptures in the XiUi di Tbe supply in both districts was exhausted, and tbe re . cent importations will be bailed with gratitude by the missionaries ond their people. "Your oommittee loam with pleasure that the Bov. .John Malvern.baa been employed by the Home Com- mittee in translating Barth's Charon History into the Fijian language. It waa previously translated into the Tongan language by 'he Bev. Thomas West, and boa bad an extensivo sale. The 'first edition waa bought up in a very short time, and a eeoond edition has been asked for, and forwarded, " A large quantity of medicines haa been reoenllyre oelved from the Medloal Aid Sooiety for tbe Friendly Ia. lands and Samoa, walch will be a great assistance to the misBit n " The reports from the various distriots, and the com- munications from tho missionaries, show that while the . poBt year bas'been one of peculiar trial and excitement, there hove been pleasing instances of progress. "The increase of native agency effbrdB much encou- ragement, and the testimonies reoeived rospeoticg their fitness for ministerial employment ore of tbe most satis- factory ohBreoter. Seven volaable candidates for the native ministry have been recommended by the Fiji dis- triot, and one by the Fiient ly IslandB distriot. The fol. lowing writtin Bli.temonts, given in to the distriot meet- ing respecting their conversion to God and call to the ministry, will afford the ObriBtion public on idea of tho OlOBBof native agency the society employs. "Isaao Qaloïato, a native of Nairai, «ho embraced Christianity in bis youth and was baptised by tte Rev. Joseph Waterhouse, in 1865, soya:-'Ono Sundoy I heard some young men reeding, I wos aBhamed to join them., (On the Mondoy I bought a New Testament and began to re»d for myself. I oontinued reading without Vi6'.. Bion ,ot foar day8»Qoi UaBht mB «o P"y to Hil»» X nad.no reBt, bat repented of my Bins, I beard a dermo» írom the words of Paul* 'For godly sorrow wotketh lepentenoe to salvation not to be repented of ; but tbe lt"?7 ?S.utb6^M worketh deotb.' I waa greatly .froid, I then bellied in my heart that Jeans died OB a MorifloeTfor me, and that He desired to save my soul. Then I trusted entirely on the merita of SIKA 5t0nem,en.t' ,hflt 1 might thereby be justified, God pardoned my fins; and accepted me for Obrisfa sake. Sinos that time (now Î?0U. Ba,V8DL ,e?M °*°) 1 bava boel» »8 » Bñ\ot who oon Kantly looks after his vessel. I have token heed! to my .«ÎX'A8T J"Jtifiea. I »w renewed, I am reoonoiled to «od through, faith in the atonement of Jeans. The " fl»iy mPuUitrb,e.wa witness, to me thot I am a child of «oo. That I live spiritually ia clear to me-not BB the morning or os the evening light, bat as that of mid-day ; .na i rejoioa in the grace of God in whioh I now stand. . With regard to the work of the Lord, I am in no oncer »ainty, nor is it a light thing with me. It is Indeed my woe mind tobe UB.efal, It is easy for me to leave my , F«\\! i\md mjr own ,0WD« bl»« difficult for me to diB. ' rogard the work of the Lord.» ' "Tue missionary who recommends binf says:-'Ho MB been employed in valions towna aa a teaoher, and í..n SD lnote.B8'PBly naefal from year to year.' He iron ed greatly under the tuition of the late Bev. J. ^oigiaae, wbo always spoke of bim as an intelligent and .J.fB 8,n?8n*. »nt a remtrkably rapid and ooinot ?peiaa er. His sermons are ole« and effective. He ÍB l»BolJ.loDt jein of oge.' T.i.3flomM Vi°Diua, a native of Haabel, in the Friendly iBianas, was converted to a jd, and some limo after bia conversion, he «ta appointed to preach. Io 18B0 be offend himself for the work in Fiji, and was »co ap ted. In giving an account af himself, he «aya:-' One day I was considering my state, and my soul-was aronsed,I saw dearly that I was a stoner, and that the anser of Sod was hanging over my ¿raí. £ repented at cnoe, and cast away all my sins, for the Holy Spirit helped. me, I believed in my Inmost soul that Jeana died for me, I trusted in Him and gave my. Belt to bim; then God loved me and saved me from api i i mal deaib; and being saved by tho grace of God, love to Him and to His work quickly eprung up in my soul.' " Mark Tangithakibeu is a nativa of Sawayeki, in tbe island of Ngau. In youth be opposed Christianity, but was eventually brought seriously to consider its claims. In describing bis convictions for sin and conversion, be says ' I feared greatly and was embarrassed when I thongbt of tba weight and length of God's wra'.b. I then repented earnestly, bating and totally abandoning my sins, but I felt that I oould not perform anything for which I might be loved by God. I thought of Jesus as my sacrifice who died for me, and on the day that I trusted in Him I felt that I was justified, I then re- joiced in tbat day when GoVs wroth, was turned from me, and I waa reconciled and became His obild. This thing the Holy Spirit made known tome, end His lesli, mony ia true. My heart was then warm towards God.' "Similor testimonies were borne by tba rest, indicat- ing their conviction for sin, their faith in Christ, their divine aooeptanoe, the renewal of their souls in righteous* seas and true bolineas, tneir oall to tet t fy the gospel of the grace of God. They have been nee'nliy employed in a subordinate oapaoily, God has given seals to their ministry, and now they are recommended to be reoeived on probation for Ibo full woik ot the Christian ministry. Your oommittOB rejoices that the Lord of the harvest is thus answering prayer and Bonding forth labourers into Hia harvest, "Vigorous efforts ore being made to afford to the young men who have bien oonverted to God, facilities for mental improvement, The circuit a have their training institutions, and in Fiji a larca institution bas bean established for the higher brandies of instruction with reference to the improvement of thoBe whi are designed for the Christian ministry. CHINESE MISSION IS VIOTOBIA, " The last report of tba society, referred to (he roanna, menoement of the misbion amongst the Chinese in Vic- toria, in the neighbourhood of Castlemaine. From tho aooounts forwarded by the Kev, John Haracurt, it appoars that Leong a Toe has been prosecuting his work with praiseworthy diligenoe, and bas been favoured with .sucoeae. Mr Harcourt, in a letter reoantly received, sayr-' I muoh ri joice in Ihesnooesa of thia very inter- esting missior. Leong a Toe haa my fullest confidence, His heart is fully engaged in the work of bia Master and the oonveraion of his countrymen. At no period in thc history of tbe mission bas it appeared so promising as al the present' time. Leong a Toe speaks of severa' others wbo are anxious, and in a short tim< I will become candidate i for baptism. I much regret j that by my renoval from Castlemaine, my oonnexior with the mission his oeasad. On the Sunday evening or wbiob I bade firewall, tbe five reoantly baptised wert present dnring tba whole of the service, and afterwardi attended by their native pastor, partook of tba Lord' Sapper, with a large number of our European members At tbe end of the present year, L°o'ng a Toa will retan to China, and unless a successor be obtained, the Ohuiol must again ba closed, and the mission become inopero tive. Buring the year, two very interesting Baptismo services bave been held. They aro thua described in tb looal papers : WESLEYAN CHINESE MISSION IN VICTORIA. " ' On Sunday, Septomber 21B% a deep y impressive an intircBtiog servioe was held in Wesley Churob, Caatli maine, on tbe occasion of the baptism of Ho Ti, the fra of the labours of our Chinese teaober, Leong o To?. H Ti ia a native of the provinoe of Canton, at d bas beon i the oolony several yearp. For some montbB past he be been a pupil in the Wesleyan Sabbath,Bohool, Vaughar but bad voiy little intelligent acquaintance with Cbrii tiona, titi bronght under the ministry of Leong a To After due consideration, be determined : to beoome Christian, and applied to be admitted into the Christin Cbnreb : and, on tba evening referred tc, reoeive 1 tl rite of baptism. The Bev. J. Harconrt was the oQ oiatiog minister. This ia tho ninth case of converaic through tbe instrumentality of Leong a Toe. Two i three others are expeoted to follow shortly. " < Oa Sabbath evening, tho 1st of March, five Cbtn men, the fruit of the labours of Leong a Toe, the Chine missionary, were admitted into the. Christian Churob, 1 baptism, ia tbe presence of a very large congregation, Wesley Cb arab, Castlemaine. They bad each mai written application to tbs superintendent oftheoirou far admission into tho Church, and had eaob paaBed very satisfactory examination aa to his reaecn fort nounoing heathenism, and professing, faith in tbe Lo Jesus Curial, es the only Saviour of sinful men. One the examinations written down ot the time it waa toke WBB.read. L ong a Toe delivered an address ia Englis and exhibited an image lately worehirpid by one of tbo men, who in tbe course of tbree years, bad expand £26 in the pnrobaae of inoense to offer to bia fa: The name« of the converts ora Won Hock, Chin IC La Chong, Hung Ha, Ma Web. Affecting menti was made of Ho Ti, better known aa Charlie How, wt ten days ego, departed thia life, ot Yaugher. He w tho last Cinnamon baptised. During tho few mm' that be had professed Christianity, ho bad adorned 1 Christian professior. His last illness was very abo but be was perfectly sensible, and expressed himself happy in his Saviour, and sure through bia merita to to heaven. He was visited in his illness fay Leong a Ti and kindly tended by some of the members of t Ciurob, at Vaughan, Tba Bev. J. B. Smith OBBlBted t Be«1. J. Harcourt io administering the ordinance of bi tism. After that servio?, the Chinese converts and number of members of the Wesleyan Society, parto together the Sacrament of tba Lord's Supper. It wa time long to ba remembered in Castlemaine.' "We give one of the applications referred to, as specimen of tbe views and feelings of tbeco candida) for baptism, Hong Ha, born in the provinoe of Cinti in the village of Sue Ding. Three years ego, I OB to thia country digging gold, but I always followed I wicked ouvtom of oiime. Morning and evening offei gilt paper to my gods and Buddha, in my tent. Nobe worahip moro earnest than me. I always go and soi fleed fowls, end burned gilt paper for inoense. In th yearn I Bpend £26 to pay for the gilt paper.. In mind, I hoped the gods would help me to get more gc and I worshipped them so much, that sometimes I I not enongb money left for my living. In course of 1 year, Mr, Leong a Toe oame up to Wattle Flat-oe into my tent, and saw my images, and asked me, " you worahip thesa images ?" I aaid " Yes all my I very muoh like to worship images"-be si "You worship them' so much what profit have ; got? ' I said, " Well I only hope for good, health t moro goldi"-" ihen he said jiBt now I saw two ima/ they have montbB but speak not, eyes hut see not, e but bear not, bow can they keep you in health, and g you gold ? I said, " though only carved wood, yet wi I go to worahip bim tba spirit oomea out ona helps m -be enid, " flow do yon know tho spirit oomcs out fr the wood-dp you say the spirit in the wood of itself some one sent the tpirit in 1-1 think the wood has spirit in at all and cannot proteot yon at all,-you proi the wood, for if you don't take care of the wood, you ' throw it away or burn it up-it cannot do anything yon-I hope you after thia timo throw them awoy, i worship tba living God, for He can g you health and food - Wnen I go to tbat night I think agajn . over his wot but my mind would not submit to what ho said to me, my country from the uppermost Emperor to the prc ell worship images the Borne way, and nobody any tba ia wrong and must throw them away. Now, only: Leong a Toe himself oalls ma to throw them awa; think be is not right to ua Chinese.- Then I go ( wjrship my images again. Another week be oame to place and preaobed abont Jesus Ohrist, an advocate one believes in Him, He will get him reaonoiled to C Alter tbat he oame to.my tent again, and looked at imagea still standing there, and he folt very sorry to them, and alao told ma it waa no good td worship th nor to Baorifioe to them. He ttiid . wlih me one hi Another time fae preaohed about Christ died on tho er andi was near bim, and he invitod me to go to place, and ooma to otopol. I went to the chapel heard bim preach, and afterwards pray for the aon gallon. HU wat. very different to my. praying to gods, for fae prayed-to God to forgive sins, but I i prayed to tho images to get gold. I felt that to pra; forgiveness of sinB was very right, and therefor« I io him from Sabbath to Sabbath, for now at eix months, and I pray to Gad to forgive my si OB, : ask HiB Holy Spirit lo eonvert me, and I feel very si 'before bim, beoause I worshipped the enemies of < and did very wrong. Nsw I burned tba imageB all and worshipped the living God, and believe in Ji Christ. Moy he Bave me to everlasting life. I wanl be baptised. May your minister rcoalve me into Church cf Christ. After this I pray lo God, may Holy Spirit help meto keep bis commandment, lovo peoplr, and do good in this world, and when I die JCBUB CJhrlBt save me for ever in beaven.' "Tbo followingaoconnt bas been furnished ol death of Ho Ti, who was baptised in September, and died in Marah list :-He was born in the provint Canton, in the village of Hoiping. : Leong -a Toe vii bim tbe day before he died, and in reply to his ques he eaid he prayed to God, and (mated hit eon! in the hands of Jetai Ohrist, felt very happy, and hoped in Jesus Ohrist ti save bim ap to heaven. One of tho European members who attended bim, gives the follow- ing aocounl :-' A few moments before he died, I asked him if be still felt bad, he made a slight motion with hiB head, to signify yep. I then asked bim if be loved God, he a?ain made a motion with his bead, but a muoh more deoided one. 'Do yoa love Jesus Christ?' Again be made a motion with his bead. He then Baid in a strong voioe, ' I om very hippy, happy, very happy ;' I said, ' Charlie, yon will soon be in beaven,' be made no answer to this, but lifting bis bind slowly,- be pointed to beaven, a faw minâtes after this be died ' " Your oommittee oannot but rejoioe in tbip fruit of the society'a labours gathered into the heavenly garner. NEW ZEALAND- - NORTHERN DISTSIOT. "-In the northern distriot of New Zealand, tho piBt year has - been one of continuons ttial, through the political excitement which bas subsisted amongst all the Native tribes. It has exerted a paralyzing iofluonoe in staying the progress of spiritual religion,.and in some placea seriously effected the working of aharob institu- tions; officers of the ohuroh have resigned their duties to take ofïïolal positions ander the government, and the 'effect upon their spiritual interests has boen manifest,. Tho relation of the Native tribes towards the govern : ment still continues unBatiBfootorj;.rebellious tendencies are rankling and threaten to disturb the poaoo. Strena ' ona efforts have been made by tba Governor to gain the confidence of the rebel obiefs, and to nndermine theit hostility to British role, but the country appears like a Blumbering volcano, and circumstances may ot anytime involve an outbreak into open rebellion, that will be most disastrous in ita consequence?. "A valuablo native labourer, Hone Eketone.(Jilin Eggleatone) his been removed by death.. Ho bad been usefully employed os a native ossietant missionary duting tbe laat five yearp_ He waa one of the first fruits of missionary labour in the Kawhia oirouiU More than twenty years einoe ho oime and joined himself to the mission school. On the opening of the native institution ot Auckland, be waa ona of .the first students, and subsequently be became a UBeful teeoher ia the Three King'B Institution.. Daring tbe laBt five years.he ha been stationed et M J kau, where bia labours have not been in vain.- His loss ia muoh regretted both,by. his people ond fellow-labourers. His peaoefnl end. was in strict accordance with his patient devotednoss to the divine service. It bas been found diffioult to supply bia plaae with o suitable agent. ; " In the Northern distriot ot New Zealand there ere 19 English and 35 Native chapels ; 10 English and 73 other proichiug places; 13 European and <t Native mis., slonariei ; 1 English catechist; 10 English day Bobool teaobers; SO English and 130 Native Sabbath-school teachers ; 20 English and 107 Native local preachers; 22 English and 70 Native olojs leaders ; 310 English and 1231 Native ohuroh members ; 15 English ond 57 Natives on trill for membership ; 7 English and 78 Native Sabbath.sobools ; 010 Engl iah end 3981 Native Sabbath soholora '; 8 English ond 7 Native day.Bohools; 3r>o English and 180 Native day. aoholars ; 1071 English 1881 Native, attendante on pabilo worship. " The following extracta from circuit reports will indi- cate tbeprogiess made during the year: SOUTHERN DI-TMOT. '"The southern diatriat of New Z;alnrd hos bat o small native population, and attention is being paid to their spiritual wonts. Important European Bettle.meït i are odvanoing in population, and the ministers who are employed in them are - now being sustained by the ohurohes, having gradually relinquished the assistance tbit waa afforded to them in the early stages of their existence. Tbeae European oirouita are flourishing, and Borne of them are anxious for additional ministers ; and openings ore presented in rising settlement?. The Otago gold.fields engaged the attention of your oommit- tee, and two ministers were appointed by the Conference; their salaries have been raised by the people to whom they hove ministered. Assistance btB been rendel ed to suable them to rebuild a chapel, wbioh bad been built ota coat of £1700; one thousand of wbioh bod been raised, bat having been all bat destroyed by B heavy storm of wind, it had to be rebuilt at heavy expense. '* ' Henoeforlb they expect to meet all their expenses. An additional minister ia asked for, and his support is pledged by the people. In the other Erglish oirouita tba. work ia steadily progressing. Several buildings have been erected by the liberal contributions of the people, and in most inBtanoeB they ere free from debt. " In the native department tba Borne difficulties hove to be contended with as in the Northern Is'and, and thoso who minister to them are muoh discouraged by. tbeir want of spirituality, and their devotion to poli ics. One valuable native agent, Te Kote, has been, after doe examination by tho distriot meeting, cordially recom- mended to the Conference aa a proper person to be reoeived into foll connexion ts o native assis- tant . missionary, ond - the Conference baa directed hia ordination to the Cbrlsti¡n ministry. His laboura bave hitherto been highly appre- ciated b; tho people for whose welfare he hos been em- ployed. Ho baa seven ohapels and plaoea in wbioh he oondoota worship. Three hundrid ] persona reoolve bia ministrations. Twenty-one of these ore memb'rs of the church, He represents the people under bia' oharge as loyal in their feeling towards the B itish Government. " Your oommittee regret to loam that this is not the genoral [feeling of the notives in the Southern Island. One missionarv has bien forbiiden to visit eome to whom ho formerly ministered, through their hostility to anything. European. Tbe oholrman of the distriot, ofter alluding to serviooB hold in the native obapels during the distriot meeting, and conversations held with the natives, says :- < I wish it was in my power to write to you - anything ? encourag- ing in relation to the 'Native QaeBlion,' I have unqualified confidence in the wisdom and ability of the Governor. He will, I em sure, do all that bo oan or ought todo to overt the terrible calamity of a renewal of hostilities. I do not altogether relinquish tbe hope that under God be will suaoeod, but I confess, against every feeling of my heart, I om compelled to confess that tho hope becomes feebler and feebler every day. A thick gloom gradually settles upon the ptospeclof the Northern Island. May Gad in His mercy grant that the dark oloud may not explodo in the doBtruolion of many precious live. This, not without occasion, is the fear of many thoughtful men. The infatuation of'King, ism' boB token suoh o firm hold of a oonsiderablo portion of tho native mind inolad.'u g a great amount of ita intelli g noe and bravery, that it betomes a very gnvo question whether any ' policy' will detaoh them from it, Mean while a very numerous Beotion of the Maori youth are growing up under influences most unfavourable to the forma'ion of good ohiraoter-ondindeod graduating into tcamphoods and will be prepared for any audacity and outrage. Unleea they awake to a oonsoiousneBa of tbeir delusion I of nnot see bow o oollision is very mnob longer to bo staved off, Bat whatever bo tho issue I refleot with much satisfaction on the oanvfotfon that the British Government and theoolonists,' as a whale, will be olear in the matter. Moy He who ruletb ia tho heavens, eave them from destruction I'. Your oommittee would oall apon all tbeir friends to anite in this prayer. It would be a fearful calamity to see a war of extermina- tion sweep off this noblo race, and it is diffioult to see how it can be averted it a chango does not take plaoe in the native mind towards tho Europeans. If ever there was a oall for, the outpouring of the Spirit upon the lnbonrs of God'a servants, it is in the mission fields of New Zealand. None bat- He who can bring springs of water out of a parahod ground oan moke tt e spiritual désert in that unhappy land bloom and blossom as the garden of the Lord. (.'. "In tho Southern District of New Zealand, there ore 15 English and 7 native chápele, 13 English and ll native other preaching plaaes, 038 English and 80 native obnrab members, 1377 English and 08 native Sabbath scholars, and 4307 English-and 830 native at- tendants on publio worship. "We give the following extrada from the oiroait reports :- . ; ? '. , FRIENDLV ISLANDS DISTMOT. STATIONS. "'The OhurohoB in tbe Friendly Islands ore passing through on ordeal which servos to test end sift them seveiely. Tbey have not oolonieation to grapple with, but political obangeB of on important: ohoraoter ore transpiring. These ohangea moy naturally bo expeoted to arise from the mental and sooial elevation which re- sults from the influence of Christian teaobing. The people oin no longer ba looked upon OB the property of the loading obiefe, and tbeir goads es capable of being appropriated at .their pleasure, Personal and social rights oriBing from our common humanity are being re- cognised, OB the relation of each soul to God in Ohtist ia opprebended. "' King George has long been studying the political relations of the people, and bow to afford tbem all the oivil privileges wbioh oan tocard with the maintenance of o profitable authority. Slavery, was obolisbod by him several years ago ; tho slaves existing in the various groups were manumitted. He has for a few yeirs con- vened en annual parliament, in wbioh the leading obiofs of all the groupa have been Invited to afford bim.tbeir .united oounsel», and be bas gradually prepared tbem foi'a sóbeme of government wbioh! bas been passed into law ot their laat session of parliament. Yoar oommittee need not enter into , an explanation nf that eodo of law?, aa a trinilalion WOB published in the January number of j the notices. Tho A.'torney.General of a neighbouring oolony WOB BO pleased with it, that he at' once handed j over a subscription to the fonda of the society, and denlated bia intention to aoliolt .aubsorlptloua from bte fiienda for a society that bid io fir elevated a peoplo reoently anna in barbarism. Your oommittoo would not overlook «be faot fiat thia tranaU Hon Btato hoe its cvila and strong temptations. Tho parliamentary meetings have been on so oottly a soila that mnoh waata and extravagance have reBulted. Nearly fi va thousand étrangers bad to be provided for during the last parliament. Henceforth theae meetings era nct'lo ba eo dissipating or expensive. The obiefa are not to bring retainnia with them, and thia iaviBh expenditure of time and mema ia tobe spared. Other evils have threatened-, the mission. A war between Tongo and Samoajwaa feared the early patt of lastyoir. A Toogan bad been murdered, and the murderer waa not dealt with. The oise was inquired into, and Samoan- chiefs were lndooed to attend ¡tba Tongan parliament, when tba oaso was 'amicably arranged. Fears bave recently bean entertained that there would bave been war between the Tongan and Fijian.. Many Tongans bave been hilled by the attaoka made upon Christian towns by heathen obitf*, but recent intelligence indicates that the ma- jority of* the Tongan obiefa had doaided that there-, waa not a sufficient cause in the information afforded te war- rant war with Fiji. Bad advisers bad teen evidently urging tho king to demands on Fiji that would not ba agreed- to, bat Christian principle bas overoomo their evil counsels thus far.. Tba excitement induced by theae oironmatanoes bas been injurious daring the past year, but recent letters slate that there is a marked im 'provemont in the epiritual state of the mambtra of tho ohuroh ; a gracious revival of fha work of God bas.com monoed in some places, and the missionaries oro.strongly anticipating a year of spiritual proaperity. "-' The district meeting bas forwarded to'your com- mittee an epplioation from . Pro'estant ohiofand people belonging to Wallis's Island (or Uvea) who were com- pelled some time since either to embraoe Papery or to leave Wallis's Island, and preferred to remove to the Friendly Inlands rather than eaorifioo their religious , oonviotionp. They had heard that there waa aome relent jing, and that it was possible that they might ba per- mitted to worahip God in accordance with-i-ba diolates o their consci naas, and they have applied to be taken tc their own lend and to have a Wesleyan mission oatab liBhod amcngst them, .Your oommitteo bave since heard that the captain of a trading, brig took about eighty of them in l ia vessel. . Wheo, tho prie'a'e one people fonnd that they still retained their religious eon viotionB, their landing was opposed«. The captain, how ever, was resolute, and demanded that they should bi allowed to go on shore. He learned baforo be left tba Protestant worship was forbidden,, and that they wer laid under heavy restrictions.. They were hoping tba tho others would soon join them, and were intondiD, then to take a stand and defend themselves, if attaokei on aooonnt of tbeir worship. - The following is a trant lation of their petition to .the district meeting : "'Mr. D ivis, and Mr. Whewed, and Mr. Lio, and Mi Firth, and all the missionaries in this Tongs; yeB, tb servants ot God who arejr^tbia Tonga, and the. minii tera, the fathers wbo mle ia our connection in Sydne and Britain.- .. " '.J: ¿UÓRAAIAK KuXIitOETOLE,' " ' With my .friends who have , been sojourning for long time in this Tonga, because of our liking and offei tioh to'tbe Lord, and ti the religion of oar Lord an Saviour' Jeana Christ, which we had.commenced an knew ita benefit and utility-of. the true Bible religio! Therefore lt waa not burdensome, nor waa this Tonf (regarded) f.r from ue, nor waa our land weighty-f that we might receive in reality this saving religion, "'And now we bava obtained ind known tho natui and good way according to Ibo Scriptures of Christian! -besides ita salvation to the undying soul of man bealdes the welfate thereby, of the land, and the bodi happiness of the people-ind on acoount of this ot knowledge, oar love to Uvea has inoreased, and thereto we begot this meeting (distriot) of the miasionericB God to remember ns, for our mind ia to take again tb religion to our land-for ua to go and worship, there wi our friends, in order that we may make known to the tbe way of truth md lifa, therefore we petition yon now "1 And thia is our pétition, do you forgive but let i .speak. Our petition refers to three thing?. 1st. lb you love na, and open tbe door for tbe John Wealey Uvea-to visit there next year and take Z lobariab ar some friends to go and oommenoe Lita ia Uvea. 3ai That you love UP, and let ns bave fa missionary wbi you are willing to take again our religion to Uvea; 3i That you love us and inieroedo for Uvea to tba Lord, f it ia iavolvad in darkneas-for the Lord of life to oaa to shine forth to it the light of the Gospel of Jes , Christ, that they may be partakers of the blèsBed joy the obildren of God and of Hi j oburcb in- this <worl Theae are the numbers of our friends who join in tr petition. Men, 04 ; women, 100 ; male children, C female ditto, ¿0; total, 380. This is tbs total of t present sojourners, beaauae of religion in this .Toni and we beg unitedly to tba ministers mi tba ohuroh this matter. " . This is tbe end of our writing,' It will be seen by this petition that nearly thi hundred persons are baniabed from their own land tho influenae of tbe Frenoh priests, because they I determined to worship God according to the-diotates their own conscience. The captain who conveyed thc who weat had only'engaged to lake a few, but the opi sition of a Frenoh priest in the Friend y Islands to I taking any, uol-388 they would embraoe tho Bom faith, WAS so cffontively manifested, that he crowded \63sol and took all he conveniently oaald. The vi priests who are living in hefaaea wbiob were built Protei tints, for them, under the threats of Frenoh rn« of-war, »ra protesting against this people living ia th own land, if ihay follow their own mode of worship, SAMOA. " Tba misiion in Samoa IB progrers'np. Tbs inabi! of the missionaries to attend the district meeting in Friendly Islands, has induoed tba Conference lo form oirouits in Samoa into a .separate district, under oharge of our valued missionary, the Bev. M. Dysor. appears by the returns that in Samoa during the p \- year there ia an inoreasc of four ohapels and two at preaabing plooap, three looal .preachers, one day sch teaober, forty Sabbatb- aoboo] teachers, three ol leader?, nud there are 45S persons on trial for obu membership. " The circuit reports will furthar show the progros the work. , . PMNima crFiCE.BEPHvr ion 1862. " ' The .work of the printing office waa necessarily f pended for three months in the mid Ho of the year leading workmen having claimed the privilege of vlsi Togatabu at the time of the native annual parliam Since then we have been mainly ooeupied in past through tbe press, folding md stitching,, &?., tho ki now code of laws, his majesty having obtained the sc tion of the ohairman for the purpose, - ".Having had more missionary halp in tbeoirouit have boon able to pay more attention to the printing, aro glad to report considerable Improvement in tbe v done. There are four men generally employed, tira whom oro looal preaobors, ond all members of soolely " . The following ia the work that has been perforer -I, Printing-6000 Tongan laws -, 1000. band bills; 6 qrs, each Samoan liokots ; 1000 almanacs for 16 2600 first lessons (4 pages). 3. Binding-140 co Genesis to Seoond Samuel, bound in olotb ; 10 co Geneaia to Seoond Samuel, bound ia 6bcep ; 83 co Genesis to Second Samuel, half bound ; 74 co Isaiah to Malaobi, bound in alotb ; 10 copies the ab bound together in ebeep ; 10 copies the above, bc together in olotb; 144 ojpies hymn book; 120 co hymn book, stitohed olotb. Ia folding a good deal been done. " 1 GEOBOE Lti " Ia the Friendly Islands District, iaolading Sai there were last year 104 ohapels, 0 other preaol places, 10 missionaries, ll native assistant misaiona 3 cateoblsts, 131 bead teachers, 810 looal preachers, day school teachers, 076 Babbatb school teaobere, olaas leaders, 7064 ohuroh members, 807 on trial memberabip, 184Sabbath school?, 0013 Sabbath soho 173 day sobools, 7400 day scholars, and 31,000 alt enta on publia worship. . FIJI DISTRIOT. \- STATIONS. " The Fiji distriot returns aro encouraging. 1 show a net inaraase for the year of CO ohapels, of : members, with 6310 on trial for membership, of Bohools, acid 3133 soholars. Your oommitteo regret the Bev. J. S. Fordham has. been oompelled to leave on account of the utter failure of his health, and hai turned to England. Honorable mention ia made in distriot minutas of his usefulness in the mission da his residence in Fiji. The failure of health and < return of io many labourers during the last few yean oaused muoh' anxiety.. But your oommitteo cannot ; to discouragement on thia aooount when reviewing large amount of work accomplished and. glorious auooess in which lt haa reaulted. Tho exit labour impelled by the rapid spread :of the work been ono means of undermining the constitutions of missionaries. The following statistics, .taken from parent society's report of 1852 and from tbe Fiji dis returns at the diatrlat meeting of 186», will show mignituda af labour and responsibility reeling upon mleslonarie», and the neoesslty that exists for enlar their staff, lt their health ia to be preserved, and mission ia to reap the advantage of a matured experi and lengthened service. ?. " In 1862 there were 60 chapels, in 1803, 804; in : lhere were 33 other preaohlng plaoaa, in 1802, 173; 1863 there were 4 native asalstant missionaries, In 1 ; 1 . 31 fand 7 others «ero recommended vino ? have baan aooeptei); in 1853 there were 03 catheohiale, in 1803 ; there wera 941 ; tn 1809 there were 9393. church mam. bera, in 1803 lhere wera 13,101; in 1889 there wire 035 on trial for membership, in 1863 there wera 0316) in ; 1853 there were 113 school*, in 18(19 lhere were 871; in 18D2 lhere were 3333 sohoIarB, in 1803 ibero were 34,000; in 1853 there wore 5120 attendants on worship in 1862 Ibero were 00,801; in 1852 there were 0 Euro- pean missionary', in 1803 there wore 12, "It will be seen that about ten years since nine missiotarles bad o'targe of 5130 BOUIS while now twelve have charge of 06.801, with scholars and ehuroh mem- bers in Bcoordanoe with this inorease in tho attendants on publie worship, and vihsn tbe estant of travelling in- volved in a proper oversight is taken into aoooant the conclusion is inevitable that the number of mieaionarles most be inoreaied or premature prostration will be the consequence. The lovers of souls and friends of missions are earnestly invited to place tbe means in the bands of the sooiety for augmenting the stafPof laboui&rs; ia the fields already occupied and for furnishing tbe ono hun drei and tb rly.fonr thousands Fijians who era still engalphed in darkness and oraelty with meine of light and salvation, " The past year has been one of. unusual exoitement and trial. The native ohlefa hadentioipated) the aooept onie of the Government ot Fiji by tba British Crown those of them who have ceased-to delight io war were hoping to see the land at rest ander the inâa&noe; of a powerful sway. Tho conveyoooa-to ti om of the decision of her Majesty's Government not to take possession his induced disappointment.and confusion. Bostloss heathen -chiefs wbo hove been balding biak from war lest it Bhould involve them with the new Government have oombined together to attack towns and villages that bad been formerly obncxioni to them. The agents of the Cburoh of Borne bava, taken advantage af this state of things to promote their ends. They have endeavoured to attraot these ohiefs to their ohuroh by intimating that if they plaoed themselves under the pastoral charge of the priests of Franco, French vessols of war would patronise them and render tbem eff.otail asBistanoe.in their aggressive designs. TblB dootrine waa repudiated by one of the superior ptieBts, but it has hod ita eftjat in indusing Borne of the heathen obiefs to join tho Cburoh of Borne, and in com- bination with other ohiefs they have nttaosed tboso wbo had plaoed themselves under the oharga of your mis- sionaries. On the ICatbuata coast war has been roRing, and for some weeks the mission premises at Fawn Harbour were imperilled. This war threatened to involve the whole of F ji. Several Tongans were killed, the leading Tongan ohlef waa absent, and tbo ro port waa oonveyod to Tonga that a loading ohief and several of hia people bad been slain. King Ueorge sent Maafa, who is bis representative in Fiji, to in- quire into the affair, bat forbade bis engaging io hos. tilitioB, promising that if it were proved to bo noooBBary he would come himself with a sufficient force, examine and judge tbe case, and demand reparation. Maafn waa treated with dotlanoe, and be sent' requesting King George would come with one thousand soldiers. A re- port was industriously oiroalated that the king was only making ase of this aireumstenoa to como, in foroe and conquer the whole of Fiji, and intense exoitement WBB induoed. Influential Europeans Bent letters to the king, urging him not to involve Fiji in a general war. Very reoent intelligence has arrived that there ia every prospect of an amioable étrangement, Maafa, tbe Tongan chief,'and three or four of the most powerful ohiefs in Fiji, have mst together, and, when the newe was forwarded; they had agreed to enter into in alliance to preserve the peaaeof Fjl, and Maafa had Bent off to reqaeBt the king not to ooma in foroe to F.ji.. By the some mail, letters wero received from the Friendly Islands, stating that the king, and-a majority of tho lead- ing obiefr had oonoldded that with tbeir present .". information there w»a ' not. a snflloient warrant to take BO important a step os to go in foroe to Fiji, ao that the troops were not sent, bat two or three of the moat influential chiefs vi :re to go and make far. thor inquiry. Yonr oommittee traste tbat tba prayers of i the ohuroh will be cfiVrod that (be efforts modo to secure a permanent peace may be suooessful. By tbe blessing of God Ufoi tho Christian heroism of the Rev. J. F. Horsley, a war wbiob had been long raging on. the Ba i Coast has been terminated. Ho managed-to bring tbe contending ohiefs together, end induced them to abandon hostilities and pledge peaceful relations, and the last accounts indioated the prospeot of oootlnued amity in that part of Fiji. Sboald peaae be preserved, the whole of Fiji will prosont encouragement to Christian effort. " Yoar oommittee feel it important to lay bafore! Abo fiionda of tho sooiety the testimony respecting the sV.e of thiDgB in 1'iji, gathered by tho Seoretary of S'ote from 'tho offioial intelligence reoeived from time lo time by tbe Home Government. In the instructions addressed to Colonel Smyth, E.A., by his Grace the Dake of New castle, tho following paragraphs oooar J-* The mission- aries who have been for many years established in the islands, ohiefly, OB I am informed, of the Wesleyan per- suasion, have ointooded against tho evil praotioea of the people, with tbeir usual oonrage and devotion, and it is satisfactory to know that thoir efforts bavo been suooess- ful to a far greater degree than many would have expeoted. The strvioes of these missionaries cannot be too hight; appreciated ; they have brought tho truths of religion within the reach of this wild and distant people, they have abated inhuman oastoms of very inveterate power, and they have, in addi- tion, secured an amount of safety and freedom previously unknown for the Europeans rho trafilo or soit'e amongst these islands; tbeBO are benefits whlob all must acknow- ledge, and whioh ber Majesty's Government, who have it in contemplation to avail themselves sc largely for tte advantage of the public, of the results of tbo labours of these devoted men, are especially bound to acknow- ledge: bat I must oaution you not to suffer your sympathy with tho missionaries or your ad- miration of tbeir achievements to affeot y.ur judgment apon the questions of policy into wbioh you are earn mi'¿ioned to inquire; these mast be treated as wholly distinct. Her Majesty's Government mast continus to entrust tba-propagation of the Gospel in the distant parts of tho oarth, as their predecessors bave entrusted it, to the piety and zeil of individuals. Tho hope of the conversion of a people to Christianity, however spe- cious, mast not bo made a roiBon for iuoroosing tho British dominions,' " It will be seen by these quotations tbat Colonel Smyth was sent as a commissioner to Fiji to inspect tbe state of things and report to her Mojostj's Government. In the printed report the following. para- graphs ooour:- Of the native, population of Fiji loss than one-third profess tbo Christian religion; among the remeind¿r^ cannibalism, strangula- tion of widows, infanticide, and othor enormities prevail to n frightful extent, Should the sovereignty of the islands be accepted by ber Majesty, the suppression of those Inhuman praotioea would be put into immediate exeautlon, Looking solely at the interesta of civilisation, the foroible and immediate suppression of the barbarous praotioeBof the heathen porliooof tho population might appoar a very desirable aol; yet in beneficial inilaenoo on the native oharaotor, it might prove less real and per- manent than the more gridual operation of missionary teaching. The suooass which has attended the mia. sionaries in Fiji baa been very remarkable, nnd preBonts every proBpeot of continuance. Tbe prinoipaltribOB at present without missionaries or native teaohera oro willing to receive them, and there appears nothing wanting bat time and a sufiloienoy ? of instruotors to render tho whole of the inhabitants professing Christiana. Judging from the preBont state of tho Sandwioh Iihnds and the former condition of Tahiti, it would seem that the resources of the Faoifia Islands eon be best deve- loped, and the wolfaro of their inhabitada scoured by a native government, aided by the oaanstls of respectable Europeanp.' "It will appear from these quotations that, io the opinion of Colonel Smyth, the real interests ot the native tribOB of Fiji would be better served by allowing the Gospel to enlighten and gradually elevate this barbarous people tban by a ,sudden colonisation, of the country. Ho visited both the heathen and the Christian partB of Fiji-ho baw the great contrast-the effeots of Gospel truth were manifest and bis oonolusion ' was that if not interfered with, the evangelisation and olvll elevation ot the poople would be accomplished. " Your oommittee wooli feel the responsibility of tbe position in which this sooioly ÍB placed; Aooording to tbe testimony of her Majesty's commissioner, who ia a member of the Ohuroh of England, the whole of F ji ia open to Christian offott and the njeney at work If mul- tiplied would meet its necessities. It is for the Christian public to say whether the moans shall bo furnished and whether Fiji through tbe length end breadth ot its numerous and populous islands sholl bear the frails of righteousness and bo under the sway of tbe Prinoe of Peaoe, " Tho oircait reports will afford more definite infor- mation respecting the operations and suooeaseB of the past year. i GBNEB.lt, SUHMASY. The following ia o general summary >of tbe stations oooupled by this sooiety : Number of chipóle.. .. ',. .. 031 Ditto of other preiobiug pliooB .. .. 300 Missionaries and assistant missionaries (in duding Buperaumerary) ? ,. .,81 Citochlats - ". . . ... ail Day Bohool teaohera .. ,. ., 1,081 Sabbttb.sahool teachers (oo return from Fiji) .. 1,010 LOJII preachers .. .. ,. 1,3ft 1 Olas j leaders (no rt tarn from Fiji) .. .. 1080 Foll and accredited obureh members. 33,349 Oa trial for oburobmaraber.liip '.. ,. 0,330 Sabbath.aohoolB (no retama (rom Fiji) ., . 937 Sabbath aoholara (uo return from Fiji) 10,901 Day aahoola ,. .. .. ..1,00ft Diyaabool aoholora .. .. ,, 43,352' Attendants on publia worship .. .. 00,834 There are two printjnR eatsbliahmenta. 11 In oonoluaion^.your oommittee would urge the claims, of this society upon tbs sympathies, prayers, and liberality of the Obrlatian public . The sphere of labour occupied is limited, When contrasted with the domains of heathen- ism that exist in populóos empires on the vast con tinenta of the earth; but it presents an amount of anooaes, and imposes demands for further advancement, that ero per« pining; The home eommittee are prepared to send us. mlaaionaries.Bnd were the pecuniary moana at command, more tl an one hundred and thirty thousand cannibals,, wbo are as yet unvisited, might be blessoi with thu. heralds of tbe cross. " Your oommittee cannot but be impressed with.the faot tbat numerous (troups of islands, thickly populated, .re studding tboPaolBo, and that beyond these are tha millions of China, Japan, and India, all by their geo-, graphical position looking to tbe ohurohes of Australasia , for the light of truth. Your eommittee could invite their friends to view the deep necessities of theae myriads of souls in the light'ol that siarifiae that waa offered for their salvation. They are the purahese of tho Redeemer.. Oar Lord bas Basted rights in them. They hive a olalm upon that Gospel which Be bes ordained to be the in. Btrnment ot their deliverance, end which is o oaored trust in the hnndsof his ohuroh forthat purpose.. " Your onramittoe woald rejoice ia the earnest Jaboura and glorien.* suecesaes of kindred societies amongst neighbouring gronpB of iBlandp, and in the rapidity with whioh tba societies in the fatbertand are extending'their iofluenoe in every part of the world, and would oall upon the ohurohea of Australia to onltivate and exhibit that noble missionary zeal which barns so brightly in the. British ahuroboB, and whioh rea'ata in. tho spirit of liberal enterpriso on all their borne institutlonp.. Ia them tba. declaration ia fulfllled, "There ia that tbat eoattereth and yat inoreasetb." Prosperity " crowns these lovera of . Zion." May the great bead of the ohuroh blessas, and oauBQ Bis faae to stine upon UB, that His way map be known upon earth, His eaving breath amjngot all' nation*.!.1 ... - » The Kav. S. BADINE then read the.treasurer's account, giving the part culara of the expendltute"and receipts, above statod in tho ropcrt. The Bev. Dr. STEEL moved the first resolution-" That the report now read be adopted and printed nader tbe di« reotlon of the oommittee, and that the ftnanoial and spirit* aal suooeas exhibited in the mission field should exalte.' gratitude to God, and encourage mote prayerful enjrts. ? for tho ovangeliaation of tho world." Ho acid rafter the interesting abs'.rto' of the report now read to them,, there could be little doubt of the impórtanos of having it printed and oiroalated. According to tbe degree of iafor. motion aonvcyod to o Ohristian mind of the need of tho. word an i the auoeaas vonohaafad to those who sought to meet it, waa thed'gree of interest exoited in the mission cause, lu the earliest ages of the Ohuroh of Christ, those who went forth as heralds of the Gospel, on ra» turning relatod to the Ohuroh the bleaiinga wbioh bad attended their laboura. It WIB said at tho missionary conference at liverpool twa yeera igo, that it waa moat f important that missionary, mattor Bhould be more largely oironlated among Christian ohurohes, that Christian pul» pits should be often given up "to the advooaty of mission« ary sui j cot?» that missionary professorships should be established in the -great oentres ot life and. aotivity in tba mother country. Ha hold thia to be ona of tho great requirements of tbo modern ohurob. Thus men might be aent out in all diroalions to reap a glorious harvest for Christ, Tbis report »poko also of the higher duty of giving thanks to God for tho great elements oon. fained in that report, expressive as .they were of financial and spiritual suooesp. The fioanoisl success, he moat say, aatoniabed him, . That in_these yoong colonies, whare thore waa BO strong » craving, alter wealth, lt waa o matter of the, highest gratitude ta Almighty God that such a sum aa £0800 should ha given by one denomination alone to missionary purposeB ia order that regions round might know the. j ny of tha gospel. This was a matter for devout gratitude. It called forth more woodron J gratitude still that the contributions from, missionary dla« trlcts were almoat on a ? par with, the colonies in liberality, and were already contributing £8000 a year to this society. (Cheers.) He did not know that within so few yeera they bad a parallel la that in the oourse of people who had long enjoyed tha blesaioga of tho gospel. It was tho old apostolic eoe» nomy, the i ffeot of tba truth, wbiob shook tba Bornant empire of old. (ObeerB.) But tho spiritual snocess was more striking Btill. In Fiji, wbioh bad boon ono of tho most barbarous cannibal countries, witbin thirty years tlioy had gathered tcgether 13.000 ohuroh members, and 00,000 people nuder tho Inilaouoo of Christian ordi- nances What a belt of Christian inflcenoa was begin« niug to bind that land I Onght not grateful hallelojaba to arise from a Christian poopla who had been instru- mental in osrrying out anoh a work 1 To think; of ' the increase in tha ten years, in all respecte, here was a law of progress which if it went on would soon bring those bright porlodB predicted in the word of God, when tbs world ehould bow doa-n at '.be Savioui's feet. It was an illus, tratlon of '.be progresa of truth: Ho did not find that the European missionaries bad bean much inoreased ; it was by native agenoy chiefly thal the wotk was oarried. on. This was a living testimony to tho power of ibo Gospe'. It was a living qaiotaesi in men turned from cannibalism and animatod by a Christian spirit. It was an illustration of what they-had in the word ot God, Seldom had anything ocmo from the missionary field ia opposition to the word of God. Ia a time like this'a missionary bishop had had the rashness to send forth a book proclaiming that tbis Bible ls not the word of Go*. They bad ooul ar demonstration that fore was something intrinsically Divine in a book like this. He found in tho Christianity proolalmed in Christian pulpits these three principles:-]. Tho vicarious atonement of Christ. 3, The necessity of tho Holy Ghost to renew tba'heart. 0, The supremacy of the Holy Scriptures. Tbis divine, who went forth to deny tho authority af tho Pentateuch was one of a school who deny the vioorious atopemont of tho Lord Jesus Christ, wbo do not rooognisa the ne. oasaity of the Holy.Spirlt's ranewing work, or tho enpre. \- macy of tho Sariptutea, but call upon men to awake to the consciousness of their own righteousness. In ooñtra diotion to this strange sound they hand in the results of missions as tho bott proof of tho inherent divinity of the word. It bad beon said tho evldenoo of truth was to be found in Christ, in Christianity, and in Chris- tendom. If they took missionary Christendom, they would set that during the proaont oentury there waB abundant eauae for thankfulness to God. Witbin sixty yoara, thore bad boon won to tho fold of Christ a million and a quarter ot souls who would have been in heathen darkness now, had it not been for missionary effort. , It took.tbreo hundred years for the Christian faith to overthrow the paganism of the Bomen Empire; and in modern dayB, within eiily years, they hod a mil. lion and a quarter of ,' souls added to tho Ohuroh of Christ. Was not thia encouragement to tho Christian labourer, and oansa for thankfulness? In the distriot of Fiji this bad been illustriously exhibited. Bat in Fiji there were still 130,000 people without Christian in. fluenoes. They had still muab to do to overtake this large and important field. They had 06,000 walling OB Christian ordinances. From the report of the Tongan parliament it waa evident that thore were men of large wisdom, of flsoal ' skill, and high . moral charaoter, who ruled in tho parliament of Tonga. From tbe speoimen of tbe Tongan people oon« fained in theprooeedlnga of their parliament, bo 'should say thoy jiBlifled tho appellation glvon them, of "The Anglo Saxons of tho South Paoiflo." (Cbeerp.) These were men aapable of exercising an influenae- men not only BB Commodore Wilkes said, "tho handsomest" mon he bad ever Been," but men aapable of exercising kingly thought.' He did not wonder that thorê WBB an ambi- tion in these people to sway the destiny of otbor lands; and ai Great Britain bad refused to take the sovereignly of tho Fijis, il might be well to bavo Tongan governors ruling these islands. The report spoke of tbe Chinese, In tbeBe colonies wo were vlsltod, and are likely to bs more largely visited, by a great heathen people ; they,were here aa foreigners, and exposed to new influences; there was an opportunity of introducing lo them the word of God where they were not so much fettered by their own tra- ditions and priests. He boped many men would ba sent forth from those auriferous lands, who bad found tho pearl , of great priée, baok to the CjleBllal . Emplro, to bless tbeir native countrymen. When the truth had been . working for a few years in any nation, thore generally came a limo or revival. Thia waa the normal condition of the Christian Churohi It was not merely ono now and then oomlng ; but multitudes oomlng into Ibo fold of the Bideemer at onco. Ho boped they would have In their mission fields suoh timeB aa tboBo seasons of revival whloh had ocourred in America and Brit in during the last three years, sud which had had an influence on hun- dreds of thousands. Doubtless, there were other influ- ences. He had road in the travels of Livingstone, and others, of wild blasts wbioh woro in tholr dens by day, but in the night time were seen prowling about for their prey. So in the night the wild beBeta of a spiritual kind btd come forth on thia earth of God's. Dark and raven, ons beasts of prey bad come in; Apollyou, tba destroyer, bad oome In, suggesting the destructive riles which had (CONCLVDID OH EIOUTU PA.OE.) (CONTINUED,mou FlFln r¿«E.l devoured .thousands of viotims, Aoiiohiiat hi .como,-'* with his tinsel religion.' deluding soul Mammon, tba Time server, who above loobi most on the golden pavement of heaven, bsd come' i .. to.make, ne more senmil and timeserving. Tba demi ~ of sinful pleasure bad OOHJB in tba night, presenting b Cireean cup. The demon of war largely swayed tl ^ nation B. -The ohlef things celebrated in the history the world were deeds of blood. The highest works ? art,upon earth celebrated deedB of blood. He alludi especially to the paintings in tba Falaee at. Vtrsaille Tóete on oanvaB WBB a history of the progress of tl JTrenob, .people-a whole eoiies of battles-the bar hat I cf war. ' So in the old memorials of Babylon and Kin ^."veb, in the arrowfaeaded letters were ohronioles of pe -petusl war. In tho very newspapers of the day we tiding* of war. And even tho Bible described the san -scarlet i line of warfare-man showing inhumanity man, to the (tome of human guilt in the .crucifixion -the Siviour. Bat it could not be al wa :nigh.V The sun would arise, and the .demons would all lay them dot .in their den. Time after time, as revivals ooourred, tl ' church bad thought jt WBB almost morning. The ory w -beard, "the morning cometh." These bad proved b fiaihea-of light; darkness bad returned again and agaii Ant . "Joy to tho patient and brave, The dawn la breaking now ; . ' - Bojojoe.iorthedajfi bnak|ng, . ' Joyful Umoa aro nigh at band; God, tho mighty. Qe.d, ls apeakiog, iBy hia Word in evory land." ¿The day.iBibreaking, and Apollyon Bball bide in his dei Antic Cbriat will fall and bide bia dishonoured head fi .ever; mammon and the demons of pleaenre will 1 tánisbed ; war shell bo no more .?" Mon ahall hang- tbs trompât in tho hal), ÁJtáalaáy, war no more. (Load obeers.) Then loud ballelujaha will arise to tl «norning-that morning when they would all j oin togethi io one song of joy, in one brotherhood. And he (D 8 sal) was one of those wbo held the old-fashioned doitrli of the.eaily ohuroh-that when that morning comer, n «hali ace the bright morning atar oiming. ia the dom of beaven, and In onr blessed Lord himself realise tl longing of the obnrob, in the beatitudes of heave: (Laadtebeerp.) . The Beva Jami CTJUHCHV said that the report of wble be waa called upon to move the adaption-was oie i supreme antereat, because of the wonderful informatio wbiob it contained, and he thought -that they bad som .reason to ask those who pooh pooh reports generally s being tbingo got up for the .occasion-to oak wbtt coal ie said to the balance sheet and the report wbiob ba ¿hat nfgbt been read. These were too well authenticate! lor saab pereona to bring that charge against then Whatever men may say about ne we ere resolved t «leim for our report, that it is trna-that it ia free froi colouring, or oser estimation. Our seeretary isa tm» ?worthy man, and when be tellB yo« that 93.000 Cbrii lian men are to be found in that little field of misaioi ie would take it upon himself to say that Iber ?was not one less; tbe report was angarblec " nVith regard to that great work which the '~ nod met to consider, it was well-know; ibat at first tho miaiionary enterpiiso waa looked apo: «s a mad Boheme. The South Sea mission was looke npon as another South Sea bntble; but see tbe rasul of Ibis so called madness. Tbe obarge of fanaticism bB often been brought against the servants of Ood ; bot tb Jblgb and holy feeling which animates tbe missioner; .oui is better underatcod ia these later days, and mool encouragement is given for men to go forth to tbe vine yard of the Lcrd; (Oheorp.) It muBt be remembers that the missionary work is no mere sentiment- ni empty philanthropy ; but it is emphatfeally a work aili ing forth the energlei and sotlvity in the highest degrei of the men engaged in it. Perhaps you say yon han given much. Yon hive given your money, and ni, nononr ta yon. You have given your oonfidenoe, and . that bas been no mean thing. But tbe man wto has gout :fortb from home and connlry and clime to battle witt disease, danger, and even death, baa be not done moot \- more t What is wanted now, is your oonfidenoe, foi them jto feel they bava your implicit trust, that while they are working, doing battle with stn, that you are praying so that they may be npbeld and made strong "When the :signal flew that day from the miBtbeadof a noble ship, telling England's mariners that they were trusted, every arm became etronj, every eye beoamt bright, and then it WBB they did their duty. (Cheer?.] Yon expeoted great things from your missionaries, and they had done great tbingi. On thia very platform are men who have stood out at tbe pott of danger, end who bave never swerved from {that post. With regard to the educational question, he would »sb why should not the savage be edaaited ? There ia not mach difference, after all, betweoa a flat-nosed barbarian end ourselves. If there is anything in popular education wbiob will benefit a man, why should not the poor savage share it;? The prince and the peasant rejoice io it, and share in it, then why not send it to tbe IsleB 1 There are men to be found, who'talk muoh about the brotherhood of man,, who talk .and there the matterende, but it is for ns not to talk Uni io do. There are many men who give munificently to oharltiea and all bononr to them, but when called upon tobelp tbe barbarian, BO that he may be eduoated, and by God's help'Christianised, shake the head and sty, I do not give to them. O let UB not be dormant in thia matter, let ns impregnate the minds of Polynesian children with the troths of a saving faith, and that being educated in the minor matters, lt ey may at length take .nigher ground and rejoice In Cutlet. Then what a change will be apparen'; instead of tbe war whoop and tbe yell of battle ; icateid of the passions .being unbridled, . new beauty, a new joy will toke possession of tho soul, The reverend gentleman referred to tbe.great work which bad been aooompllsbed by missionary sooielies in .. all lands, and in sn' eloquent arid forolble manner called attention to tho vast change which had been wrought by the spread of Chris- tianity ia the darb plioes of the earth. He oonoluded by saying that it was all very well to be told from learned lins what the Bible is ; but it was far better to know -what the Bible bis done. Many men talk about the evidences of Soripture, but he believed that the best evidenoe o' Scriptare waa Sstlpture iteqlf, He felt much ^pleasure in moving the adoption ol tbe report. The Bev. AABOH BUZACOTT, BB an old missionary, would mention a fact or two. He bad been in the field thirty years. (Obeers.) Ha asked where were tbe disciples of those who spoks of civllialog tbe world by philanthropy and arl ? Where were their missionaries ? .The mlsbiomrles of the croas bad carried civilisation. He would take them to two islands in the Pacific. . In -one they might see Bavage life ; their only olothing WBB mad, Nothing mere degraded oould be seen in human sbapp. But let them go where the mlasionstiea bad laboured with snocess. There they would . Bee man in all blB glory clothed and in bia right mind. Lock at tbe dwell» inga of the two Islands, Ia the heathen islands their houaea were miserable huts, where men, women, and children, slept in a olrole round a fire. In the Christian- ised island they saw oomfortable bouses and garden?, eaob in peace. In the heathen leland they saw every man with his weapon of war, hateful, and hating ene another. They dared not to orees the boundary of tbeir tribe, loBt they Bhould find tbeir way to an oven, In» ontiolde prevailed most fearfully, Tbe aged and de srepit were buried alive by tholr own ohildren. Some- times tbey set them upright, leaving tbeir bands above ground for the degs and pigs to como and devour them. In the Christianised irlanda lave prevailed ; in tbe heathen island they beard the war-whoop, tbe yella ol the savage, tbe eoroama of the viotim. In the other there WOB tho sound of praise and prayer and gl*dneap. They were Christiana io deed aod in truth. It wis one ot the greatest pleisurea to para through o Christian settlement on a Sabbath (vening, and hear from every house tbe voice of prayer and praise. This WBB true civilisation. These olviliaed islanders puroh»sed cotton and other goofo, and were a blesalog to society and not a ourse, 'ibo missionaries toaght the natives not only the word of God, but the arts of eivili> Ballon, and God bad filled their hearts with joy. They aahed for the material-tho tin, He overheard a native -en old man, too o'd to go aa a missionary-appeal in a very Btriktng m inner. They wero great fiabormen, and the party thit lent out othera to sea looked about for something to oat igiinat they came back. This old man said, oonoerning missionaries-" We can light a Are to warm thom, make them something ta eat, and ho'd up tbeir bando by prayer." (Oheerp.) Let them follow that advioe. The Bev. JOH« Inauss Bald he was happy to bo in a missionary meeting of Wesleyana. He badalweys found Wesleyins exoeedingly considerate to those who were pleading the ciuso of missions, He had listened with delight to ttaa report. He would only eiy of Tonga, that group of islands was now happily Ghrlstiaolaed, That mission wis new self* Bustilnlng. Bat it would be bad polloy to leave that infant ohuroh wltboat tho guldanoo of good oounsol. Supervision would, be traated, be still extended to them. Tbe Fiji million waa getting on. Tho accounts from no part of flo heathen world were read with moro intereat than Iboso from the Fijian mission. That group wiB 1000 miles north- east ot Sydney, and extended «100 miles eaet and weat, and [SOO north and aoath. It lay in something like the sbape of a horse-shoe. This gave the groap many advantages. It afforded them the meena of oonstint intercourse and promoted civilisation. Xakenba was the head quarters of missionary influence. Beyond tit is ley. the ialood of, Tongo; To tho nest of this lsy the great island bf Vavau, long n perfeot molooh -the oentre of cannibalism;: Those islands were ex. ceedingly interesting, whether they looked at tho obaraater . of the nations, or .the snobeBs' of the QoBpel among them. Twenty-eight years ago tbero WBB not a single Christian in tho Fiji gronp. - There were 2CO,000 of the moat fer o oiöascannibalp. Now nearly 70.000 had plàoed them aetvea nnder the influence of Cbriatian ordinances, and 13,000¡were members of the visible Cbnrob oí Christ. (Ooeere.) They had already fonr editiona of the New Testament, and hair the.Old Testament was in their hands. Wt ea he (Mr. Iogles) wis preparing the New Testament in th? Lnguage of Aneitom io an Engl'sh village, he had oppositebim two vonng men learning the Fiji language. TheBO two young missionaries, the nephews of their secretary, were ex peo ted soso to ooma ont for tbe Fiji minion. (CbearB.) They oould expect no aid this year from LenoaBhire, wbioh had in former years poured forth so muoh into the treasury of Christian miislonaries. They were called upon to be more than usually liberal. God bad so abundantly answered their prayers that they were called upon te make «rester efforts to carry on His work. Let them not, like .fear, start beek at tba sound of the answer to their own prayers. Ban- yan bad taught them "Thora waa aman, the world dlcLcoant him mad, Tha more he gavo away, thojñoraihe had." The resolution was then put and carried anani, moualy. A oolleotion for the objaots of the Booiety was made. While this waa being done, -the Bav." John Eg gleston exhibited to the view of the audience a copy of the Bible in the Tongan language, wbioh was afterwards presented to tba obairman, and part ¿of the Scriptures in the Fijian tongue. The Bev. A, THOMSON moved the next resolatioi, viz. <-*'That tbe rapid e¿vinoa .of civilisation in the Friendly 'Islands, and the present exalted state of Fiji, with the openings presented for .further evongeliiation, demand an increased agency : and, that the deep neoea. eitles nf oar own mission, the openings of "the parent Booiety on the continent of Europe, in China, 'and other important fields ; .taken in connection with the great commercial distress existing in the manufacturing dis- tricts of England j should induce the colonial churches to make special pecuniary efforts to sustain and extend tbe missions of |this society." ' He had mnoh pleaaure in taking part in' that meeting! Hia excellent friend, Mr. Watkins, when taking part in a meeting held lately, said to hia Exaellenoy, who oaaupied the chair, that be (Mr, Watkins) was a Methodist, and that in a Presbyterian aasembly ; he did not apologise; be did not say Ibis with bated breath; be was cot aahomed of bis connexion ; and, with regard to Methodism, he (the Bpeaker) would say, tbe name wbioh in one age ia given aa anama of reproaab, is given in another with honour. Time rolls away the obliqay and reproaob. The seot wbioh waB.onen spoken of thoa esme lo raise for itself a world-wide fame ; and the men who were said ti turn the world upBlde down have, in tbeso days, been hailed aa the belpsra.on of a glorious civilisation. But he had got into a digression. He meant to say (bet, in this Methodist meeting, be was a Presbyterian ; bnt, even a?, yet bo felt quite at borne ; for though . there. . were men ? of different senti- ments, yet they met upon. one common ground. In his native country Presbyterians have not been behind in missionary efforts. There has mnoh been done by them ^for the benefit of the heathen ; lu' Berna how or other, their oburoh in these oolonies waa bebind the time in missionary work-that, bowever, wduld not last long. He rejoiced that they (the Wealeyans), were still Im- bued with the spirit of tbe apostollo Wesley, He trusted that the Presbyterians would soon shake off their le'hargy, .and take np the. work with resistless energy, for the field was large, and labourers few. We have st o *n forth in these missions that the Gospel bas a renovating Inflnenee. Tho barbarian may be treated by moral influenae, and he lives a barbarian still ; but there is within bim a heart |wbioh echoes to the thrilling effeot of the . Gospel. . Thoagh a naked savage onoe, yet, by His influence, he be* comes olothed end in bis right mind. (Applause.) Let ns continue in this cause. We have ample en- couragement, for. the results in the islands aro more eloquent than lips oan utter. I say in oonoluBlon why not be enoouragging ti go on in the good work. We cannot all go to the heathens-but it is for nato endeavour to secure the means through whioh and by wbioh good may be accomplished. When Wesley stood at tbe window of the' barning house, a man stood on the shoulder of another, and they were steadied and assisted by the crowd beneath. Lat it be for ns to aid the glorious oaUBe by helping and encouraging the mis- sionary brethren, BJ that by Goo's blessing some brand might be plucked feom the burnie?. The Bev. Mr. CHAPMAN moved, and the Bev. B. MANS- FIELD seoonded-" That the thanks of this meeting are dne, and are hereby presented lo the general and exeeu ive committees, tho general treasurers, tbe général secretary and the auditors, for the valuable services they have rendered to the society, in the direo tion and managements of its affaira-to tbe parent oom. miltee in London for their liberality in making yearly grants to this Booie ty, and in engaging in other expendí ture on its behalf-to those persons who have incurred personal liabilitie - in tbe arrangements necessary to meet the scoiety's finanoial requirements-to tbe treasurers and eeoretarlea of tbe auxiliary and branch sooieties-and to the collectors and contributors who have exhibited so praotioal an interest in maintaining and in. oreasing tbe fonds of the ecoiety." The general secretary then expressed the thanks of the meeting to the Chairman for bia attendance in the obair, wbioh having been acknowledged, and tbe Doxology having been Bung, the meeting terminated nt 10 o'olook. MELANCHOLY CASE OF DHOWNINO.-On Sunday morn- ing laBt, alan early bour, news reached town tbatayonth bad been drowned whilst engaged in fibbing in tbe Mar. ram bidgee Bi ver. On inquiry we ascertained that the unfortunate victim was a son of Mr. James Ponsonby, plasterer, of Coom«, aged about twelve years, and a very well behaved and industrious lad, who had been a great assistance and oomfort to bis parents. It appears that in consequence of bis attention to work-that of helping his father on the job nt wbioh he is engaged-blB parents had promised to allow bim to take a holiday on Saturday, and to proceed to fish at the place where he BO unluokily lost hin life, lu pursuance ef this promise be started about two o'clock on that day in company with a man named Green, who ia in the habit of working with tbe elder Ponionby. Tbe remaining particulars will be gathered from the following evidence, taken at the in quest held on Monday morning, James Ponsonby de- posed : The deceased, Patrick Poniony, was my son ; 1 last Baw him alive cn Saturday between one and two o'clock p.m., when be reminded me of a promise I bad made bim to allow him to go fishing ; 1 consented, end he started in company with a man named William Green ; I neither saw or beard any more cf him until Bunday norning, about seven o'clock, when Green came to my house in Cooma ; I naked bim where waa Patsy ; he said be was drowned in tbe river; I at onoe proceeded to (he police barraokB, informed senior-eergeant Smith of the olroumstonce, and requested tbe assistance' of the police in seeking to recover tbe body; Mr, Smith forthwith procured agr.pnel,and a BO engaged two blackfellows for diving) the polioo and the blackfellows, accompanied by Green, then started for the ¿ivor in a light cart, and I followed on foot ; when I reaoh'ed tbe spot indicated by Green, the body of my son had boen reoovered, and WBB lvlpg on the bank quite dead and cold; I examined the body care, fully but saw no marka of violence; it was at once re. moved to my resldenao in Cooma.-William Green de- posed : I am a bricklayer, residing in Cooma ; on Satur- day last, about two o'clock p.m., I left town nith tbe boy Ponsonby, for the purpose of fishing in the Murrum- bidgee Biver; wo reaohed a spot on the river, about five mileB from town, at about four o'olook that evening, end young Ponsonby commenced fishing, continuing nntil between one and two in tbe morning of Sunday, when we gathered some wood for the fire; the deceased eat by the fire for Borne time and appeared sleepy ; I told bim to lie down, whioh be did, and slept, and I conti- nued fishing ; it WBB between four and five yards from the river where he wan sleeping; I laid down between four and five o'olook und fell aBleep; at daybreak I «as awakened by screams from (be direction of the water; I jumped up end Baw the boy in the river, about ten or twelve yards from the bank; his head was above tho water, and be waa splashing with bis hands, but did not speak ; I took a rod and threw the line to him, calling ripon bim to cateb bold of it, but be took no notice of my Bbouting; I oannot swim, and was afraid to go into the water to try to Bavo him; it waB a fine morning; he Bank in about two or three minntea from the time I first noticed bim in the river; I found bis hat near wbero be had been sleeping ; I then started for Cooma, and on reaching there informed Mr. Ponaonby of bia son's death; I afterwards returned to tho river in company with others, and pointed out the spot where I saw the body go down; tbe police dragged for tho body, but did not succeed in raising it, and then the blackfellow dived and brought it up ; I have no idea bow the boy got into the water) as when I last saw bim on the bink he was sleeping quite comfortable, The jury returned a verdiot of accidental drowning,-On Tuesday afternoon ths oorpao waa conveyed to ila final resting place, followed by a large number of towns, poople, anxious to testify their sympathy with the sor- rowing parents in their very sad affliction.-Af«»«roo Mercury, May 1. i 