NEWS AND NOTES. We report in another column the particulars of a triple murder, committed on Monday at a place called "Murdering Gully," situated about five miles below Sebastopol on the road from Buninyong to Smytheadale, and about five miles from Ballarat. The murderer is one James or Elijah Dixon, for some years a resident at Sebastopol, and his victims are his wife and her two youngest children—girls, aged respectively two and four years. The victims were apparently murdered with an American axe, as they lay asleep in their beds. Jealousy is pre- sumed to be the cause of the crime, the woman having had a rather ill reputation at one time for want of chastity. Two boys, aged about six and eight years were spared, the father saying he meant to kill all, and himself too, but; "his heart failed him." On Monday, at the Plank Road Hotel, Ballarat, Dr. Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Eliza - beth Grant, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on Saturday at her own house, near the Plank road, and was caused by apoplexy from congestion of the brain, arising from habits of excessive intemperance. John Souter deposed the he had known the deceased for two years, and she was very much given to drink. At about eleven o'clock on Saturday night she ap- peared to have been drinking, and was going to- wards a public house. Between eight end half-past eleven o'clock witness heard from his work-place, on the brace of the Speedwell claim, noises and re- proaches apparently addressed to the woman by a man whose voice, appeared to be that of James Grant, the deceased's husband. Witness heard blows at the same time, given as with a cane or rope, and not followed by groans or moans. Henry Grant, sixteen years of age and the son of the deceased, deposed that his mother had been drinking for the last three or four days. On Saturday forenoon she was three-parts drunk, and did not come home until past twelve o'clock. On witness and other members of the family returning from work at about half-past three p.m., they found her lying on the floor, bleeding from the nose. She was cursing and swearing all the time. Witness' father picked her up, and witness went and worked in the garden. Whilst they took tea, deceased sat by the fire, and was very drunk, falling from side to aide. She soon went out to the pile of wood and sat down and leaned against it. She was last seen alive there by witness at about five o'clock. On returning home at midnight, witness found his father at home and his mother lying dead upon the bed. Witness did not see his father strike deceased, but was ordered by his father not to say anything to her, or excite her. James Barrett, butcher, deposed that James Grant, the husband of the deceased, was in his place from about seven o'clock till close upon twelve on Satur- day night. He had not been gone five minutes when he returned, and asked witness to come up as his wife was dead, lying in the gutter. Witness and John Brogden then went up to Grant's place and found the deceased lying on the ground, with her head in the sink hole, and her feet near the door. She was doubled up, and not quite dead. Her face and hands were quite cold. Grant was quite sober while in witness' place. They had two or three pots of ale during the time. Witness had known the deceased for the last six years. She had been a very heavy drinker—very intemperate all that time. At about eleven o'clock she appeared middling sober, able to take care of herself. Grant was very excited and crying when he came down to witness. Witness never knew of deceased being ill-treated by her husband. She was pretty friendly with witness' wife, and never complained of him to her. James Grant, miner, deposed that his wife was aged forty years, a native of Wiltshire, Eng- land, and the daughter of William Day. When witness and his son returned home from work at midday on Saturday, the deceased was quite drunk sitting inside the doorway. Witness and his son were obliged to prepare their dinner, as they had done for the last three or four days. They left about one o'clock, leaving the deceased sitting quite heavy in drink. At half- past three, on their return, they found the deceased lying on her face on the floor alongside her bed. She was bleeding at the nose and so drunk that she could scarcely stand. She crawled some- how out of the house to the pile of wood belonging to the Speedwell Company. Deceased remained there until about seven o'clock p.m., and she was still so drunk that she could neither sit upright or stand. Half-an-hour afterwards witness left her sit- ting by the fireside, and went down to Barrett's to pay for his week's meat. Witness then proceeded to corroborate the other evidence of his son and Barrett. Witness' other two children (Emma, seven years; and the youngest, two years) were in bed asleep at midnight. Deceased had been drinking constantly off and on the last ten years. Witness never said a word to her or gave her a blow since Thursday, when she started drinking again. The deceased fell dead inside the fence. Witness found a half bottle of gin under a seat at dinner time and threw it away. Witness' son found another bottle three-quarters full when they came home after three o'clock, and witness threw that away also. James Sutherland, M.D., made a post mortem examination and considered death to be the result of congestion of the brain conjoined with disease of the liver and stomach from habits of extreme intemperance. On Monday, at the Police Court, Learmonth, the magistrates directed the clerk of the Court to write to the Chief Secretary, recommending that the Government should offer a reward for the conviction of the bushrangers who on Friday last robbed and assaulted Mr Thomas Harman, the collector at the Te- legraph toll gate. Mr Harman, who is still an inmate of Dr Nicholson's residence in Sturt-street, is, we are happy to say, reported out of danger, though from the very serious nature of his injuries, it is deemed necessary to ensure recovery, that he be kept ac- cluded from all visitors. On Saturday night a carrier named James Batty encamped near the Golden Well Hotel, Miners' Rest, and whilst absent in a public house his dray was robbed of a chest of tea, a bag of sugar, a jar of butter, a jar of mustard, and other property. The robbery was reported to constable Corbett, of Miners' Rest, who arrested a man named John Bart- lett, and found the whole of the stolen property in his tent, at Mount Pisgah. The accused was brought up at the Eastern Police Court on Monday, and com- mitted for trial at the Circuit Court. A waiter named Peter Anderson, who had been temporarily employed at Craig's Royal Hotel during the bustle of the race week, was arrested on Monday on the charge of stealing a pair of boots belonging to Robert Benham. About two months ago a case of brandy was stolen from Mack's Hotel, on Bakery Hill, and on Saturday evening last a second case was stolen. The thief on opening the bottles would, no doubt, be annoyed to find nothing but water in them, Mr Mack having provided that milder drink on this last occasion. On Monday, Mr Lewis, J.P., attended at the Western lock-up and disposed of the following prisoners, .viz—James Thompson, Duncan McNee, and James Walker, who were fined 5s each for drunkenness. Henry Thomas, Isaac Branford, and Henry Boyne, three lads, charged with vagrancy were discharged. Thomas Jenkens, for disorderly conduct in the street, was fined 10s, or twelve hours in gaol. A man named Robert Zelly was charged at the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, with having en- gaged in an unlawful game, to wit, prick the garter, on the race course. The Bench sent him to gaol for three days. A man named Joseph Brown was sent to gaol for two months by the magistrates at the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, for stealing a coat from a person named Walker, whilst lying drank on the race course. The manager of the Perthshire Company, Dead Horse, informs us that 8 oz 5 dwt 18 gr of very heavy gold was obtained on Saturday from a partial sluicing of the residuum of 30 trucks of reef and gravel, puddled from the deep ground drive. Some of the pieces of gold weighed over half an ounce, and this is of course taken to be a good omen of the rich- ness of the gutter proper, which will soon be more fairly proved. The excitement and bustle consequent on the races have now subsided, and the town has resumed its wonted appearance. The great majority of the visitors have taken their departures, but a few re- main behind for "settling night" which was fixed for last evening. We have heard of no defaulters, and the liabilities have been promptly met. The stewards of the Turf Club had a meeting at Craig's Royal Hotel, on Monday night, when stakes of the value of £3149 were paid over to the owners of the winners, The betting on the Melbourne cup, last night was as follows:- 4 to 1 against the Rose of Denmark and Barwon, 6 to 1 against Mormon, 9 to 1 against Falcon; Musidora was also mentioned, but it was difficult to get on her unless at 100 to 15, or thereabouts. We understand that Ballarat and Queensland are the only places which have come out liberally in respect to the stakes for a Champion race. At Melbourne, Geelong, Tasmania, and New Zealand the amount was fixed at £500, whereas at Queensland and Ballarat the stakes were fixed at 1000 sovs with added money. This alone ought to close the mouths of the cynical critics in Melbourne who assert that a champion race should never have been run on the Dowling Forest course. The County Court sittings will be resumed to-day when all undefended cases in the whole list will be first taken. Some Court of Mines business will probably be also disposed of. In the private property dispute between the Alston and Weardale and Bonshaw Companies argument was taken in the Supreme Court on Mon- day, and judgement reserved, an order made for a survey of the mine. Mr Thomas Cooper, of Creswick, lectured elo- quently on the various phases of the temperance question, at the Temperance Hall, Humffray street, on Monday evening. Mr Hassall, Superintending Inspector to the Central Board of Health, was engaged during Monday, in company with the Mayor of Ballarat West, the Town Clerk, and the Inspector of Nuisances, in examining lodging-houses in the town, as well as several butchers' premises. In regard to lodging- houses it is still found that in many sleeping apart- ments the space allowed is insufficient, and in nume- rous instances ventilation is very inadequate ; some apartments, in fact, may be said to be without any. Butchers' premises are not reported on as being in a satisfactory state. So long as killing is permitted in populous places, it is essential that the offence necessarily attending this business should be reduced to its minimum extent, and whilst assigning to Bal- larat the credit of taking the first steps, about three years since, for systematic improvement in butchers' premises, Mr Hassall mentions that further improve- ments are needed, which at a comparatively trifling cost might be readily effected by the complete adoption of a plan, recom- mended some time ago by the Central Board of Health. One butcher, however, Mr Hassall com- pliments highly. He says that Mr Mitchell, of Skipton street, has the best arranged and best kept place in the whole colony. One fertile source of offence the inspector points out in connection with the practice of keeping swine in the town. At Sand- hurst, this is entirely prohibited, and the inspector states that pigs cannot be kept in the central portion of the town without a direct violation of the Public Health Act; while the drainage from piggeries in leas central places is also permitted to flow down the water tables into the public streets. It is to be hoped, and the inspector advises that the Municipal Council will follow the example of the Sandhurst Council in respect of swine management. A few days ago the police seized about £80 worth of liquors, in the house of Mr Conway, of Little Bendigo. Application was made to the bench at Ballarat East, on Monday, for restitution of the pro- perty, as Mr Conway was about opening an hotel, and had laid in the liquors for general use. The police opposed the application, and the bench made an order for the confiscation of the property. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, John Leonard was charged with having feloniously en- tered the house of Anne Hellott, at Mount Pleasant, and was sent to gaol for three months. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, a man named Duncan Blair, who resides in the Plank road, was charged with violently assaulting his wife, and committing frightful atrocities on her, the full par- ticulars of which have not yet been brought to light, in the absence of medical evidence. The poor wo- man, it seems, has been frightfully and unnaturally maltreated, and the bench intimated that the accused would be committed for trial after the medical testi- mony had been heard. We understand that the death of Mr Hoyt's steeplechaser Grimstone, was the result of a fracture caused by coming in contact with the log fence lead- ing to the Stockyard. At the Learmonth Police Court, on Monday, the only case brought before the bench was that of John Bateman, for resisting the police at Burrum- beet, on the 3rd instant. He was fined one shilling, and ordered to pay £1 as compensation for damag- ing the arresting constable's uniform. On Monday, at the Warden's Court, Smythesdale, the following bnsiness was transacted:- Robert Bell v McFie, application to be put in possession of an abandoned share in the Try Again Gold Mining Company, Oldham Lead; order for registration. Ebbles v Ebbles, summons not served. Garvey and party v Wurley and party, Whitby and party, Riley and party, Heron and party, Bateman and party, application to be put in possession of deserted claims on the Garry Owen Reef, Rokewood; Mr Stedman for the applicants, Mr Stoker for Whitby and party; postponed for seven days. Leask and party v Defiance Gold Mining Company, Scarsdale; postponed for fourteen days. Manners and party v Thomas Bond and party, application to be put in possession of an abandoned claim (the Grenville Exchange), at Springdallah; registration ordered. On Monday, Mr Foster, police magistrate, arrived in Ballarat, and will take his seat on the bench at the District Police Court this morning. On Monday a requisition was being numerously signed to the Mayor of Ballarat West, requesting him to call a public meeting to protest against the renewal of transportation to Western Australia. A man named Robert Paterson, who resides at Smythesdale, was charged at the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, with furiously riding through the streets, having obstructed the footpath, and also with having offered the prosecuting constable a bribe to let him depart when in custody. The bench marked its sense of the prisoner's conduct by fining him 20s for furiously riding, 10s for obstructing the footpath, and 40s for attempting to bribe the con- stable, with 10s cost of forage for his horse. The German residents in Melbourne and the ad- joining colonies intend to hold's second Turnverein and Gesangfest (gymnastic and musical festival) on New Year's Day, 1864. The place, the old Zoologi- cal Garden, opposite the Botanical Garden, Mel- bourne, is one exceedingly well adapted for the purpose and has many advantages which Cremorne Gardens did not present. A large working committee has been formed, and the experience gained by the for- mer celebration will no doubt tend to make the ar- rangement on the present occasion free from the few defects of the last. On Monday about one hundred and fifty persons assembled at the Turf Hotel to witness a series of pigeon shooting matches, announced to come off there for a silver cup and other trophies. The number of sportsmen was not large, and it was therefore not deemed expedient to shoot for the cup. Several matches for sweepstakes, however, took place. The first was a sweep for 10s a-side, for which the fol- lowing persons entered, viz- Messrs Hunt, Smith, Hepburn, Whitehouse, and Mack. Joe Smith shot five birds out of five and won the strikes. The next event was a sweep for 10s, between Messrs Hunt, Smith, Hepburn, Whitehouse, and Brown. White- house having shot three birds out of three, won the stakes. The next event was a sweep for 10s, be- tween Meesrs Hunt, Whitehouse, Hepburn, Smith, and Brown. Messrs Whitehouse and Hepburn di- vided the stakes. This concluded the sport. The first instalment of the Mechanics' Institute Auction Bazaar goods was disposed of last evening in the hall of the institute, under the auspices of the committee of the institute, Messrs Dyte, Carver, and Salmon acting as auctioneers. Between 300 and 400 lots were disposed of, and generally at fair rates, about £40 or £60 being realised. Some complaints were made of the lowness of some of the prices ob- tained, and if the complaints were well founded, it, was due no doubt in some degree to the fact that the large company assembled could not get near the auctioneers. We presume this will be remedied this evening by the partial removal of the middle pile of exhibits and the placing of more seats on the floor of the hall, so that would-be buyers may able to see what is going on, and be in a position to make bids. The sale will probably occupy the whole of the week. This evening that splendid copy of Hogarth's works, presented by Mr Greenfield, will be offered for sale. We should add also that "the Prince of Wales' slipper" is not yet sold. At the meeting of tte Ballarat Fire Brigade, on Monday, it was resolved to patronise the benefit to be given by the Histrionic Society on behalf of the Explorers' Monument, and that the members attend in uniform. We understand that the amount of cash taken for admission to the grand strand and saddling paddock, during the three days racing, was about £300. After the liabilities of the club are paid there will be a balance of over £500 in hand. The play of "Hamlet" was performed at the Theatre Royal last night, with Mr Hoskins as Ham- let, Mr Byers as the Ghost, Miss Harland as Ophelia, and the other characters by the company. We had only a brief opportunity of witnessing the perform- ance, and cannot pretend therefore to criticise its quality. To say that Mr Hoskins should be perfect in the text were but to recognise his well-known devotion to Shakspere and from what we saw of the play last night we may remark that the personator of Hamlet was more effective in dialogue than in soliloquy, or in the delivery or the longer passages generally. As a stock rendering, it is but scant eulogy to say that the performance was very respect- able. This evening that established favorite and clever actress, Miss Lockhart, will appear here, and will take the character of Lady Audley in the play of "Lady Audley's Secret." We take the following telegraphic despatch from the Argus:- Sydney, Saturday. We have a week's later news from Auckland. The inclemency of the weather had almost put a stop to military opera- tions. The ship Star of India, with the first of the Victorian volunteers, had arrived, after a boisterous passage of eleven days. The Maories attacked Wairoa, but were repulsed with loss. They also at- tacked Pakehohe Redoubt, with the same result. Several slight skirmishes had occurred. The reply of the Duke of Newcastle, to the ad- dress of the delegates from the several Australian colonies, adopted at the late Intercolonial Confer- ence, on the subject of the renewal or transportation to Australia, has been published in the Sydney journals. It appears from it that the Imperial Go- vernment have positively decided on the resumption of transportation to Western Australia. The docu- ment is as follows:- Secretary of State for the Co- lonies to Governor Sir John Young, Bart., K.C.B, -Downing street, 20th Joly, 1863.- Sir,- I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your des- patch, No. 29, of the 21st of April, forwarding a petition to the Queen, which has been adopted by the delegates assembled at the Intercolonial Confer- ence recently held in Melbourne, deprecating trans- portation to any part of Australia. I have to inform you that I duly laid this petition at the foot of the Throne. Her Majesty has commanded me to assure the delegates by whom it is signed, that it forms no part of the plans which are at present under the consideration of Her Majesty's Government on the subject of secondary punishment, to establish a new penal settlement, or to send convicts to any part of Australia, except the single colony situated at a dis- tance from all others, to which, for several years, convicts have been sent, with the free consent of its inhabitants. -I have, &c.;, NEWCASTLE. 