Dakukiwus Siiow3IAxship.— 1 The owner of a tra velling menagerie, named Faimali, when exhibiting at Bethune a few days since, gave notice that bo in tended to enter that ovcuinc the den of a fierce #. ger for the first time in public. At tho appointed hour the place was crowded with persons at)xibus to see tho sight. When Faimali entered tho den, the tiger appeared little disposed to go through his per formance. and soon assumed such a threatening at titude that tho spectators became alarmed and cried out, "That's enough I leavo him I" At fiist tho tigor obeyed hiaffmiors, but inost unwillingly, after receiving several stroke? from his master's whip. After this chastisement tho animal lay down across the entrance of tho dcu. and glared furiously at Fa- innli, as If about to spring at liiin. The tnan saw nis aanger, ana attempted to coax tho animal away from tho door. Not succuding I10 struck It three or four times with his whip. The tiger then made a sudden spriug. threw him down, and began tearing him with his teeth, to tho horror of all ptcsent. At last tho mon of thu meuagcrio bent tho tiger off, and Falmnli was got out of thu den covered with blood, and much torn about tho head, face, and anus. His injuries, however? though serious, proved not to bo dangerous, nnd he is now doing well. Shoplifting.— a lady (?) lias displayed a now method of shoplifting. Sho went Into ono of tho great silk mercers, on the Boulevard des Italians- aud going up to a sheepish-looking young man be, hind a deserted counter told him sho had the mis fortune to drop her garter, and that ta consequence, her stocking was falling over her foot ; she requested him to accomodate her with a piece of tapo and to ,<iRiw her to put it on behind tho counter. The young man, blushing crimson, instantly gave her the tape, and in a most respectful manner, vacated tho dark side of the counter, and left the lady, who at once helped herself to a silk dress, which she tied undor lier.crinplinu with the tape. Sho then ? y.'n— 'ic.- ishodr "When tho man returned to his quarters be found the drcssgono, and instautly knew that bo had boon robbca.'but too late— tho uarterleaa IaJ# was out of sight. — Uoun Journal. A Ghost in tiie.Bzlfhv.— The inhabitants of a secluded village of the Montague Noir, in tho dc« portmcnt of Audo, Franco, were roused from their bed by the "sound of the tocsin"— for such is tho pompous phrase used by the local writer to describe tlm rinfrmrr nf tlio fiincrlo hull nf Itin nmnll nan,). church. Thu idea of a fire first suggested itself to tho minds of the villagers, but as no fire was seen, they flocked to 6eo what was tho matter. To their great astonishment, however, the church door was lucked; no voico«rcspondcd from within to their loud shouts of enquiry, and yet tho bell continued to ring loudly ana hurriedly. Thu euro was called up and brought tho church key. With trembling stops and boating hearts tiio crowd followed their pastor into tho sacred building. They penetrated into tho belfry, und oh horror of horrors I— tho bell rope was violently agitated and pulling the bell by itself. Tho good priest himself was scared by tho fearful phenomenon, and his followers, palo with terror, dropped down on their knees and crossed themselves. It was midnight, tho hour when spirits walk abfoad. Tho priest, armed with his gouj>illont proccedod to excrciso th'u demon : but all the holy water in tho church was soon exhausted, and yet the dreadful bell continued to sound. At length a peasant more intrepid than the rest, volunteered to climb into the steeple and look at the bell itself. As ho mounted tho dark, narrow, winding ladder that led to tho abode of mystery, tho terrified parishioners below muttured tbeir paternosters wiut increased rapidity. In a few minutes an unearthly shriek from tho dovotod messenger left no doubt on tho minds of the people below but that ho had mot with the devil himself. As tho unhappy man approached tho bell It did not cease to souud, but by too flick ering palo light of tho lauthorn ho saw crouching down close to tbo clapper, a black monstrous, hidooua form, with two yellow eyes which wore full on him. The poor man fainted away, aud for somo minutes (hero was au awful silence ip thu church. Then by solved to see what had become of their comrade, nnd imparting courage to each other, rushed up the ladder together. On ncaring tho hull, tboy found a largo polecat, who had got oao of his fore feet en- taugfyl in thu ropo, and which, in his endeavours to escape, had been thu cause of thu torriblo commo- tion in the villugo of Moutaguo Noir. — Engliih raper. wise Saws.— Somo aro unwisely liberal and mora delight to givu presents tluin to pay debts.— Truth will be uppermost, 0110 time or other like cotk, though kept down ill tho water. — What is mine, uveu to my life, hers I love ; but thu secret of my friend is not mine.— What is birth to a man if it shall bo a stain to his dead ancestors to have loft such an otlspring?— The man who was hemmed in by a crowd ims been troubled with n stitch in his side ever since.— The lady who took everybody's 4byo must liavo had a lot of thcin. — I hu best adhe sive label you can put ou luggago is to stick to it yourself. An editor says ho has scon tho contrivance law yers use when they "warm up" with their subject. He says it was a glass couccrn, aud holds about a pint. " What is it thnt sticks closer than a brother?" said a teacher to ono of his cluss. "A post-oilico stuini)— by gum I" said tho young incorrigible. " What object (lu you « caV asked the doctor. The young man hesitated for a few momcuts, and- then replied, " It npi«ars like a jackass, doctor, but 1 rather thiuk it Is your shadow 1" 