MINISTERIAL ELECTIONS. MR. SULLIVAN AT MANDURANG. (from the bendioo advertiser, july 0.) The nomination of tlio Hon. Mr J. F. Snllivnn, for tho representation of Mandurnng in tlio Legisla t'lYO Assembly, rendered vacant by Mr Sullivan's nccoptnnco of tlie office of Commissioner of Mines in the new Ministry, took place yesterday in tlie Assembly Room attached to the Camp Hotel, Englehawk. As it had been expected, Mr Sullivan was the only candidate proposed, and was elected without tho least opposition, and by great acclama tion. Tho room contained about 250 persons, com prising a number of the business men and miners of the locality, besides a largo number of the leading mon of Sandhurst. The proceedings, which occu pied an hour and ten minutes — Mr Sullivan's ad dress oeeniiTin'' nearlv tho whole of that time — wero quiet and business-like, tho various explana tions of tho lion, gentlemnn being listened to with earnest attention. A few minutes after twelve o'clock, N. narlcer, Esq., tho returning officer, initiated tho proceedings in the customary formal manner by tho reading of tho writ for the election, nnd called 011 any ono pro sent to propose a candidate. Mr \V. Simpson, J.P., Eaglehnwk, came forward nnd stated it gave him much pleasure to propose Mr Sullivnn as their representative in tho Assembly. (Cheers.) He did so for various ronsons ; ono of which was that during Mr Sullivan'^ past career in Parliament be had served them, I10 believed, as truly and honestly as any member there. (Cheers.) In the now position which Mr Sullivan would oc cupy, if ho was returned, ho would bo better able to render greater benefits to his constituents than he could heretofore. He eulogised Mr Sullivan's can dor nnd straightforwardness in always boldly avowing his political sentiments, nnd expressed his belief that he would net with that consistency and honesty which heretofore had distinguished him. Aftor further complimenting the candidate, I10 again proposed him in the usual manner. Cr. Lester (Englehawk Municipal Council), with equal pleasuro seconded Mr Sullivan's nomination, inasmnch as I10 had known Mr Sullivan for a long time, and hnd never been deceived in him. (Cheers.) Tiino had proved him to bo 0110 of tho most liberal members that had ever entered tho House. When he looked back, nnd saw Mr Sullivan's worth as a private citizen, and as a public man, I10 found that tho confidence tho people pluced in him had not been misplaced. (Applause.) Ho felt great pride in looking back at his recent conduct in Parliament, whoro ho had not only advocated liberal principles, but where ho had tickled the ribs of O'Shanussy and his mob. (Laughter.) Ho felt certain that, if returned, Mr Sullivan would adhero strictly to the liberal promises he had made. (Cheors.) Ho had no doubt but ho would bo returned without opposi tion — and he almost wished tliero had boon, in order to show what little chance any ono would have had against him. For tlio sake of showing their strength he wished there had, and as fur as expenses wero concerned, it would havo been an overhisting shame if Mr Sullivan had been put to any expense iu the contest. (Applause.) The Returning Officer, having roqucsted tho no mination of any other enndidutc, and being an swered by cries in the negative, aud with ' wo want no other man,' declared Mr Sullivan duly elected in the usual manner, an announcement which was re ceived with enthusiastic andlong-continucd cheering, prolonged for some moments after Mr Sullivan came forward to address tho meeting. Mr Sullivan Baid it was a peculiarly gratifying thing to a man who had been tho representative of u constituency to know that ho had maintained the good opinions of his friends during that period ; but it became doubly gratifying, and gave him a far greater pleasure, when he found that his conduct in Parliament hnd converted antagonism into support and friendship, a3 had been tho case, according to tho admission of Mr Simpson. (Applause.) In coming before n constituency whioli ho had repre sented, ho held it to be the duty of that representa tive to be in a position to give an account not only of general past condnct, but to ronder an account of every vote he had given in that capacity ; and although his constituents had boon so generous as not to nsk a question rolativo to those votes, he did not, on tho othor hand, feel him self released from the obligation. Ho held it to bo the duty of every representative who was entrusted with a vote, nnd when callod on to givo it, to look upon it not as belonging to himself, to bo sold or bartered away for his own personal advantage, but as held in trusc for his constituents. Every honest representative should fed that when ho was called on to vote, be should vote for tho intorests of tho peoplo he represented ; that ho should feel that his voto was not like a mere chattel property — a some thing ho could do with as I10 liked, but that ho should use for the interests of the community, aud in accordance with their wishes. Ho was sorry to say that there wero men elected to Parliament who entortniued very different feelings ; men who wero without principle ; men who had actod as traitors to their constituencies. With regard to himself, I10 was perfectly willing to give nn account of every voto ho had given for tho last two years in the House ; to account for every word he had stated there ; indeed it wus his wish to bring thorn under review and the closest criticism. (Applause.) When he first came before them ho made 110 distinct pledges as to what his particular conduct in Parlia ment would bo, if returned ; but having enunciated certain political views, and that ho would be guided by a certain course of conduct in Parliament, he believed he would bo able to prove I10 had never departed from it, by the fact that his past conduct had been so favorably acknowledged by tho intelli gent community he represented. (Cheers.) In order that his remarks might bo more explanatory, instead of beginning at the beginning, ho would begin at the end, as by that means the events ho referred to would bo fresher in their recollection. He also did so more for the reason because the only not in his whole political life — the only thing which, in the duration of two years, his worst foes could endeavor to make a handle of, and there wero men in that House not very honest iu making charges — was just that one act of his, recently, in regard to tho Electoral Bill. Well, what was the position of affairs in regard to the bill ? In order to make it more clear to them, he would briefly state tho charge which had been made against him — that ho had con sented to the passing of a measure when in office which he had objected to when out of office, or that as a Ministor of the Crown ho had advised the Go vernor's sanctioning a bill which ho disagreed with, nnd which he had opposed in Parliament, and for tho sake of keeping office, that ho had sacrificed his political principles. Now, it was well known, not only to every member of Parliament, but to every reading and thinking man, that when tho bill in question was before the House ho had opposed it tooth and nail — that he had fought it clouso by clause, where it affected the liberties of tho peoplo — that night aftor night, and often singly, he had fought for and obtained at last, a bill less restricted nnd more modified than it was intended by its pro jectors. (Cheers.) Well, having fought tho mea Burc as well as he could, he might state then that it became law by the action of both Houses of Parlia ment, and by being certified to by the law officers of the Crown. The bill was in that btago when he, with others, was called on to take office. Now, ac cording to all Parliamentary usage and to all con stitutional practice as laid down in England, it would have been contrary to all procodont for any Ministry to step in then and adyiso tho Crown to withhold its sanction to tho bill, and if they had boon the means of introducing such a dangerous nnd inconsistent precedent, tho very mon who accused him of want of principle would have boon tho first to accuse him if he had actod differontly — (cboers) — and yet that was what they had brought forward against him. After referring to tho unconstitutional method, by tho late Attorney-General and the Minister of Justice, in advising tho Governor to withhold his sanction to Torrens' Bill for facilitating tho transfer of real property, ho continued : Look ing, therefore, at tho preservation intact of tho pri vileges of tho Constitution under which they lived, and to act in accordance with tho Parliamentary nsages in England, and, looking at tho fact that in a young country like this the customs of the British Parliament should in a great measure he adhered to, ho could not see that it would havo been safe to havo acted otherwise than pass tho bill. (Cheers.) And to look at tho case from another point of view, let them considor that if oven it had been constitutional nnd procedontod to havo advised tho Governor to havo withhold his sanction, what would have been tho consequences ? In all probability tho Ministry, when they went back to Parliament, would bavo mot with nn adverse majority, and the very first move ment that would be made against tbein, would be a voto of want of confidence, and the House would have to re-tako the old Ministry they hod put out ; or, on the other hand, if the Governor refused to act in accordance with the advice of his Minis ters — which is what ho would likely have done — they would havo to resign, and tho House and the country would bo in a similar position, and the O'Shanassy Ministry would liavo again to ho sent for. All that showed tho illogical reasoning cn that subject by some of thoso liberals, as tbey called themselves. Why, those men did not appear to know that if even I10 (Mr Sullivan) had objected to advising the Governor to refuso bis sanction of tlie bill, the majority of five out of tho seven members of tlio Cabinet could liave carried it. They were tlio men who appeared to have a wish to bring back into offico the very men tbey had assisted to oust, aud whoso measures tlicy had con demned. Ho then roforred to tho action of some of tho present Opposition when tho Houso met merely for the purpose of announcing tlio ap pointment of tho Ministry, and iu doing so he stigmntised their action as not on'y irregular, but cowardly ; ho said cowardly, becauso it was so, to attack an absent member of tlie House, and irrcgnlar becauso it was unprecedented, according to the usual course of proceeding. That action of the Opposition, however, bad not produced the result tbey anticipated ; nnd I10 was liappy to say that it had but one effect out of doors — tliatof undivided dis gust and ineffublejeontcmpt. (Applause.) When he first heard of it, his feelings were those of violent anger, which, however, soou subsided into calm enduring contempt for tlio men, who, becauso tbey were disappointed in their expectations by a chango of Ministry, could turn round, and in their absence mako such unfounded charges against them. (Ap plause.) The next most important act of his lifo which ho hnd to refer to was tlie fact of his joining tho present Ministry, and in order to do so ho would havo to go back to some eighteen or twenty months ago. At that time tlio Hoales Ministry went out of office, after a gallant fight. The}' had gone into tlie Houso, in tlio first instance, depending on a majority — which by some clever moans was converted iuto a minority — and it would bo recollected that they went out of offico 011 a false issuo. Thoy went out uecause it was said by the Opposition that tlioir estimates wero unreliable, and yet the incoming Government brought forward theirs on precisely tho same principles. (Cheers, and ' so they did.') Well, lie with tlio others went out, and although he looked 011 the means which the incoming Ministry had adopted to turn them out as anything but respect able, lie felt content to let it go, and not to allow such feelings to infiaence him in embarrassing the Ministry in tlio Houso. Ho had always deprecated repeated changes of Government as injurious to tlio interests of the country, and had never lent himself to any act to put out a Ministry without valid reasons. lie was determined, Lherofore, that as long as tho Ministry brought forward measures for tho public interest, and acted honestly and faithfully, ho would not oppose them. When tbey went iuto offico he laid down a course of action for himself, which was to cheerfully support thorn when I10 could do so honestly and con sistently, and at no timo to offer them any violent or strong opposition. Ho determined ovon that lie would never troublo tho House with much dobato. When the Land Bill was brought before tho Houso ho had only opposed tho clauses which did not coincide with his opinion. In tho discussion on tho bill he seldom spoke, and was, in fact, wearied with listening to the same speeches he had heard or read for tho lust six or seven years — nothing new, nothing novel in them. (Cheors and laughter.) He was wearied out of his lifo in listening to a re newal of them, night after night, until it bccaiuo no matter of pleasure for him to bo in bis placo. As be had said, I10 continued in that stato of not offering any opposition to tho Government until ho found that the best land of tho colony was passing into the hands of speculators, and by collusion, fraud, and villany of every kind, that the land which should belong to tho peoplo was being diverted from its proper course ; then, iu no mild or set terms, hoop posed tlio Government. It was then lie felt a thorough want of confidence in the men who were governing tlio country, because ho believed they wero acting in collusion with the men outsido who were plundering tho public — with the men who were keeping them there. (Applause.) En passant , he might say, ho agreed with the consistency of one member of that Ministiy on the Land question. Ho believed tbcro wns ono man in that Ministry who wished to carry out honestly and straightforwardly tho objects of tho bill, and that was Mr Duffy ; but in saying that, it was more than he could say of his mates. (Clioors aud laughter.) Well, time went on, and the next thing which the Ministry, in whom ho had then lost confidence, brought forward was tho Eloctoral Bill, which tho At torney- General had merely referred to as a little hill just to alter tho present arrangements — a moro nothing, — in fact, a more easy method for tho registration of olectors. Well, it would bo ro collocted, the disgraceful means adopted by tlio Attorney-General to get the bill through tho House on a second reading, by his having one night sud denly, when tho Houso was in committeo, moved its resumption, in order to get the bill through when there wero few in tho Houso to oppose it. They would also recollect how ho (Mr Sullivan) had opposed it when in committee, and how, with tlio assistance of others, had removed cortain defects. Then, to fill up the measure of his disgust with that Ministry, lie had to sit in tlio House when he wished to be away — and often on almost empty benches — because bo felt that I10 dared not trust them ; that he did not know when thoy might take advantage of the absence of members of the Opposition, to carry the most illiberal measures. It would bo recollected that the same gentleman who moved the Electoral Bill moved for leave to bring iu a Newspaper Bill. That he also designated as a mere nothing, but I10 (Mr Sul livnn) was ' not to bo done' a second time. Ho felt ho had boen sold over tho. Electoral Bill, and the operation was not to bo ropouted on him. There fore, when tho Attorney-General brought forward his little Newspaper Bill, he cautioned tho members of the House to bo on tlieir guard against tho in sidious attempt, and, thus forliiied, when the more little bill name beforo tho Houso, they wero pre pared to opposo it. That hill had been character ised by its projector, as a mere little bill just to alter certain defects in the existing regulations ; but which, if it had passed into law, would have com pletely smotliorcd tho public press, and would have destroyed tho liberties of the people. Instead of being the exponouts of public opinion, nowspapers would have becomo moro channels for the Govern ment to put forth their own views ; instead of their being the custodians of tlie public liberty, tbey would havs been either stifled or have be come tho moro tools of the Government. It was, theroforo, with feelings of gratifi cation that ho believed he had been mainly instrumental in preventing the bill passing its second reading. (Applause.) Still the bill had been kept in terrorem over him, nB lie did not know at what moment tho Attorney-General might have stepped in nnd got it passed into 'aw, but it was fortunate that tho insidious attempt was frustrated. (Ap plause.) Well, all those things went on and in creased his disgust. Ho would not have been so much disgusted with tlio Ministry if thoy had openly endeavorod to carry any particular measure. With regard to their proposed deprivation of tho electoral right, if tbey had come forward boldly, and avowed that manhood suffrage was bad — instead of calling it a question of the representation of the moneyed interest of the country, ho could havo borne with them ; but, instead of that, they were always seeking to arrive at their objects by covert means. Ho therefore had a right to distress them, and if ho could to put them out of office, and believing that the rights of the peoplo of this country would never be properly respected by them, he wns per fectly justified in talcing the earliest opportunity of removing tliem. (Applause.) Why, tlie Ministry did not even disguise the fact that their principal object was to keep offico and servo their friends, and that such wns the case was instanced by the fact of the Laud Bill passing into law. He, therefore, mado up his mind, that 110 matter what measures they brought forward ho would opposo thorn. It was no longer a question of tlio want of political principle, but of tbo want of integrity — and I10 made up his mind to voto against them, because tlieir previous conduct bad alienated from them, in and out of tho Houso, that confidence which they ought to havo possessed. Iu referring to tho voto which had ousted tho Ministry, ho said ho was surprised at the result of it. It hud been brought about by no collu sion or intrigue, and it was with feelings of surprise — not unpleusant surprise — he found that tho voto was carried. Amidst his other surprises — and it was a night of surprises — was one, that the Ministry went out of offico without fighting ; not one of them stood up to dofond their position, and when Mr Duffy had spokon, none of his colleagues supported him. Ho (Mr Sullivan) 'proposed an adjournment, in order to givo them timo to consider their position, hut they refused to avail them selves of it, and tbo result wus they were de feated. In next roforring to tho formation of tlie new Ministry, he remarked that it had been inferred that tho coalition of men of such different principles was not likely to be productive of advantage to the country. There was only that courso open to be adopted, or to allow tbo old Ministry to go back to office. What should lliuy havo done ? ( A voice : ' What you havo done.') Yes, lio had joined tho present Ministry, although like other members, dif fering somewhat on general political principles, be cause tlicy felt it would be impossible to form a Min istry without. With regard to himself, lie felt cer tain that if lie had stultified himself one iota ; if lie had been guilty of tlie slightest political insincerity in coalescing with men holding somewhat different po litical opinions, he would at once have gone out of office. He, of ail those men, should have acted in that way. What hud lie to depend 011 but his goo.l name and reputation; a reputation which he bad gained by years of toil, and by his subsequent conduct be fore tlio public 1 (Cheers.) Let him lose that aud what was lie ? It, therefore, behoved him to be careful in the way lio was acting in these matters, and he was careful. He might be allowed to refer to tlio position of Mr Higinbotliuui in the now Ministry. Ho was a gentleman than whom none stood higher in the country ; not liis worst enemy had ever accused him of the smallest dishonorable act. Well, tliero was Mr Heales — they all knew liiin (applause), nnd tbey all knew Grunt. (Loud applause.) It was a pleasant tiling, in reference to his present coalition wiili Mr Grant, that although lie bail been opposed to him six or seven years ago, lie could look back to tho timo with proud and pleasant recollections, for lie remembered that during all that contest, they bad never said n word deroga tory to each other. (Cheers.) As gentlemon and men of honor tlicy fought, and although the angry feelings of some of tlieir supporters were roused ou that occasion, nnd tbey might have said rasli tilings to each oilier, yet during all the exciting controversy, they had never displayed towards each other any thing but the notions of gentlemen. (Applause.) Ho fully believed that tho present Ministry would differ more in rnero matters of detail than oven on general policy. So much for tlio past ; I10 would then briefly refer to tho future, and first with regard to the land question. I11 dealing with that, it was only proposed liy the Ministry to deal with that por tion of the bill which would induce settlement iu the country, and in doing that, their only object would be to put up the latni at as low a figure as would induco parties to settle, and by giving persous the choice of settling on two or three hundred acres, they intended they should keep back part of tlieir capital for cultivating it. Ho advocated the policy of a Government which should dispose of tlio land, not so much for the sake of making the most profit out of tho sale, as for tlie encouragement of tho set tlement of the peoplo thereon, while at the same time the question of settlement was to bo looked at from a revenue point of view — if possiblo, to endeavor to make the question of settlement and revcmio go hand 111 band. Tho Ministry, therefore, proposed to givo free seloction over the ten millions of acres in tlie colony, aud which wns supposed to contain the best lauds, and always to liavo four or livo mil lions of tlint portion surveyed for solection. Tlie selector would be required to pay 5s por acre down at tbo timo, in proof of his bona fide intention of cultivating the land, and at tlio end of three yours bo would be called upon to pay tlio other 15s per acre ; nnd if the Government adopted a system of that kind, ho believed that the peoplo would liavo as good nnd favorable terms as tlicy expected. (Ap plause.) In respect to the department ovor which lio had been called on to preside, ho could only say that in that position I10 would pay every attention to tlio duties of the offico. Ho believed that the mining legislation of this country required re modelling and revising altogether ; that tliero was 11 very great deal of work to ho done. The Stato bad never paid that attention to the mineral resources of tho country which tlieir importance domandod. As long as ho re mained iu that position no effort would bo want ing on liis part to perfect such a system as would more completely develop those resources, not in gold mining alono, but in every kind of mining that would be practicable in this country. (Applause.) It was about seven years since ho first addressed a meeting at .Epsom, iu respect to tbo necessity of a bill for mining on private property. (Cheers.) Now, although there had been vurious Ministries in office since that time, the subject hnd never been properly taken up. It was all folly for any privnto member of tho Houso attempting to bring forward nuy measure of that kind. It was nil very well to put a liotico of motion 011 tlio paper — in many instances for tlio sake of seeing one's name in print — when it was well known by the men themselves that tliey had not tbo ghost of a chance of carrying it. Tliero was only one night in tho week allowed when private members could bring forward a meusuro of tlio kind — that was on Thursday niglit, and in five cases out of six tliero was 'no Houso' on thoso nights, and in the other ense the mover might he absent, and the notice be removed from the paper altogether, or allowed to remain — as ho had seen them — from tho commence ment to the end of tho session. Such a measure must ho taken up by tho Government, and for his part lie intended to urgo tho measure strongly 011 his colleagues — a courso of action which lie considered it his duty to pursue ; and he was confident lie would be able to do so with success. (Applause.) There were other matters connected with mining legisla tion ; but as thoy chiefly referred to details in carry ing out that legislation be need not refor to them at length. Ho might, however, refer to tlio pre sent unsatisfactory distribution of tho duties con nected with tho mining department, which ought to bo altered. Some of those duties were performed by tho Commissioner of Publio Works, some by tlie Commissioner of Lands and Survey, others by tlio Minister of Justice, and others by the Minister of Mines, until — us bo beard a gentleman say who bad some milling business to attend to — lie lmd worn out a pair of shoes in goiug from one office to the other. (Laughter.) To remedy such a system would bo one of his principal objects. There wore muuy other ques tions of public policy, on which he need not troublo tliem, as tbey were already before the public in the addrosses of his colleagues. lie believed, in regard to his own general views, tlicy ought to be toler ably familiar to tho people of this district. It was some seven or eight years since ho had come beforo tho public here as a candidate; and although thoso views had been somewhat modifiod by tho ex perience ho had latterly gained, they wore almost tho same as lio now entertained. It must be ad mitted tliat time and experience took the prido and conceit out of most men ; and that he found when thoso ideas lie once so firmly ontertained were dis cussed and closely analysed, lie could reasonably talco a different view of them ; and I10 might fairly own that such was liis own case. He was, however, liappy to say that the programme of general politics lie put forward at tho time ho referred to he still adhered to. It was all very well for candidates to come before a constituency with a programme mado for the occasion, possibly framed on that issued by that Minister or by tho other, candi dates, possibly, who were men of no particular edu cation, but who merely asked to bo elected for the sake of going into Parliament. With regard to himself, lie would mako bold to say that tbo views he entertained 011 political matters were not be gotten in a moment, but were the results of his long studied convictions, and although they might be modified by experience, he yet bold to their general principles with consistency. (Applause.) In con clusion, ho might bo allowed to sny that lie con sidered it a great tiling to bo a member of Parlia ment — to liavo u voice in tbo legislation for a com munity. Ho did not deny that he had n very high ambition for place and power; he considered it was something to be entrusted with tlio destinies of a young country like this ; but ho hud a higher ambi tion than all that — he had a greater glory than that — and he gloried more in feeling that ho had been able, aud would still be able, to maintain tbo good feeling of his fellow-citizens. Mr Sullivan concluded his address amid long and loud applause. He again rose to propose a voto of tlmnks to tbo Returning Officer, which having been seconded and carried, Mr Harker, in acknowledging tho compliment, reminded tho electors that it would possibly bo the last time I10 would appear before tliem in that ca pacity, by the passing of tho Electoral Act. He urged on them the desirability of complying with its provisions, in order to retain their numos on the roll. Beforo the meeting separated, Mr Sullivan again came forward, and said there was ono tiling in the hurry of his address I10 had forgotten to allude to. SVhen ho joined tho present Ministry it had boon thrown at tliem tlio action that wonld bo taken by the electors of Mandurung, and it was tauntingly asked what would be Baid of Sullivan at Manduraug, and tho Melbourne penny trumpet, by its moutlipieco Mr Ireland, had repeated the question. Well, what had they said to him in Mandurang ? Ho appealed to the meeting of that day for on answer. (Applause.) Not only to tho demonstration of that day could ho appeal for an answer, hut lie could refer tliem totho congratulatoiy communications which ho had re ceived from nearly every portion of tho large district of Mandurang. No matter what adverse voto they might be met with in going before the House, he would still congratulate tho Ministry on their appeal to their constituencies. He (Mr Sul livan) was the fifth member of the Ministiy who bad been returned without opposition ; nnd, in his case, it was tbo more gratifying as being tlio most com plete answer to the qucstiuu of ' Wlmt will they say to Sullivan in Maudurang ?' (Applause.) Three vociferously-delivered cheers for the candi date were then given, when somo person called for thrco groans for O'Shanassy, ft request which was not responded to, and tho meeting separated. In the London Sheriff's Couiit, Mr Gambavt, the print-seller, of Ball Mall, obtained £100 damages against Mr Scluter, a shopkeeper at Gloucester, for selling photographs of tlio ' Light of tlie World.' Tons 01' Bullets. — The army of tho United States used, during the year 1862, 1(1,000 tons of bullets. By an improvement in elongated bullets, made by E. D. Williams, recently adopted and gra dually being brought into the service, such a reduc tion in the weight is effected that it is calculated a saving of 0,000,000 dols. a year will be made 111 the expense of metal and of transportation. It will save to the army of tlio Potomac alone 200 ammunition waggons. — American Paper. Extemporary Prayer. — Extempore prayer is a queer tliiug sometimes. It allows tlie supplicant very wide license of speech, which occasionally pro duces whimsical consequences. For example, the Rev. Mr Seliiu, Chaplain of tho Houso of Represen tatives in the Iowa Legislature, oil tlie opening of 11 session, prayed thus: 'Bless Thou the young and growing Stnto of Iowa, lior Senators and Represen tatives, tho Governor aud State officers 1 Give us a sound currency, pure water, and undefilcd religion ! — for Christ's sake. Amen. — American Paper. Tnn Value of Autographs. — Soon after tho death of Mr Poo, Horace Greeley received a letter running thus; — ' Dear Sir. — In your extensive cor respondence you havo undoubtedly socurod auto graphs of tlio late distinguished American poet, Edgar A. Poo. If so, you will please favor 1110 with ono, and oblige, yours respectfully, A.B.' Greeley immediately responded as follows : — ' Dear Sir, — I happen to have in my possession but one autograph of tho late distinguished Amorican pout, Edgar A. Poo. It consists of an I. O. U., with my name 011 tho back of it. It cost 1110 $50, and you can have it for half prico. Yours, Horace Greeley.' — Ameri- can Paper. Worth of Dead Chinamen. — Tho Danish bark Cccilio about to leave for Hongkong, in addition to the cargo elsewhere specified, lias on board 521 coffins, (presumed to bo filled with dead Chinamen,) valued at $22,000, and 200 'coffins' of which 110 value is returned by tho shipper. Tlio reader is at liberty to estimate the value of tlio last lot to suit himself, though one would ho glad to learn tlio rulo by which tlio value of dead Chinamen iB estimated by parties engaged in tlieir exportation to foreign marts. We understand that Macondray and Co. are in tlio liabit of insuring each ' coffin ' at $10, to cover expenses, which sum is recovered from the friends of tlie deceased Chinamen at the port of de livery. — San 1'Vanciso Bulletin. Growth of Timber on the Prairies. — It is a sigular fact that what were vast, treeless prairies in Illinois twelve years ago, are now covered with n dense growth of thirty young forest trees, compris ing various species of oak, hickory, cotton wood, ash, &c.; So rapid lias been this change in many lo calities, that wlierosoino of tbo early settlers located twenty or twenty-livo years ago, without a tree around them, they can now cut and bow good build ing timber a foot squaro. Prairie land, when kept from tbo annual full burning formerly practiced by Uio Indians, rapidly produces ft growth of trees. Somo of tho old citizens, who greedily located the timber land when they came to this country, and were careless about acquiring prairie, now find tlio lntter of moro value than tlio former. Their timber has grown farter than tlioy used it. — Western paper. Whiskey and Newspapers. — A glass of whiskey is manufactured from perhaps a dozen grains of corn, the value of which is too small to ho esti mated. A pint of this mixture sells for a shilliug, and if of a good brand is considered well worth the money. It is drunk in a minute or two — it tires the brain, sharpens tho appetite, deranges nnd wenkens tbo physical system. On the same sideboard upon which this delicious beverage is served lies a news paper. It is covered with half a million typos — it brings intelligence from the four quarters of the globe. Tlio newspaper costs less than the glass of grog — the juice of a few grains of corn ; but it is no loss strange than true that there is a largo por tion of tlio community who think corn juice cheap and the newspnpor dear. — Scientific American. The Social Eyil. — Mr Cobden, M.P., lias re cently addressed n letter to Mr Harrison, of Bees ton, acknowledging the receipt of a pamphlet 011 tho great prevalence of prostitution in our largo towns. In doing so, tho hon. mombor snys : ' No one can liavo travelled as I have dono throughout the Con tinent without feeling humiliated at tho contrast presented by the streets of Paris, Vienna, Berlin, or even Constantinople, to the scenes witnessed every evening in -our own great public thorough fares. The gain to morality as well as decency is so ovident from tho regulations which are enforced by the polico of the continental states, that it is dif ficult to see bow upon any principlo of 1 Liberty' or propriety wo can claim superior merit from tlio neglect of all preventive measures in England. As regards the increase of prostitution in our largo towns, I fear tho cause lios much below the surface, and has its source partly even in tho stato policy of tho country. Each census discloses a greater dis parity in the numbers of the sexes. This arises from the progress of male emigration, and tlie number sent abroad in tho army and other publio emplojments. It arises also, probably, partly from other causes to which it would not bo possiblo to refer in tbo compass of a letter. Tlio fact, however, that there avo moro than half a million of females in excess of males in the kingdom must have a preju dicial influence on tho position of the former. I suppose you have seen tho lamentable facts dis closed by tlio prevalence of infanticide, especially iu tbo metropolis. I confess that practically I can offer 110 suggestion to help you in your bonovolont efforts, aud l-emuiu, truly yours, Rd. Couden.' Tni-i Late Father of the Turf. — As a perfect example of tbo ' old English gcntloman' Sir Tatton Sykes wus known and esteemed throughout the country. Ho was born in 1772, nnd married in 1822 tho second daughter of Sir William Foulis, and in tho following year succeeded to tho title and estates 011 tho death of his brother, Sir Mark Sykes. Sir Tattou was tho fourth baronet, and is succeeded by liis eldest son Tatton (now in Egypt), born in 1820\. Tho deceased baronet from childhood took the greatest delight in the roaring of sheep and horses, and to the last enjoyed tlio highest celebrity for his flock nnd stud. His breeding stud was be lieved to be the largest in England, numbering upwards of 200 horses nnd mares of all ages. As an owner of race horses ho dates back to 1808, when bo won with Telemaclius at Middleliam ; and up to the ago of 60 lie continued to keep horses 111 training for the sole purpose of riding tliem himself, Melton being his favorite place for displaying his well known colors— orango and purple. His last timo of riding a winner, his own properly, was for the Welham Cup, on Laugton Wold, in 1822, on 'All heart and no peel,' a namo most applicable to the owner as well as the horse. His fonts on horseback wero almost fabu lous ; lie invariably rode from Sledmere to Lon don and back whenever be bad occasion to visit tlie metropolis, liis rulo being to ride to London arid re turn as far as Burnet the same niglit. It is related of him that when a young man ho started off to ride a raco for a friend, and started home again imme diately after weighing, the distance being very nearly -100 miles. Sir Tatton was never so proud in his life as when ho led Sir Tatton Sykes, with Bill Scott on his back, back to the ring after tlio St. Loger victory of 1846 ; this scene was tbo subject of Herring's picture, painted for the Messrs Baily. Sir Tattou rode from Sledmere to Hampton Court to look at the stud of King William IV., and there was so pleased with an Arabian mare, that on tbo day of tbo salo lie repeated tbo ride and bought the mare. As a master of foxbouuds, Sir Tatton vied in popu larity with any gentleman in England. He kept hounds solely at his own expense, until he had passed his 70th year, and only resigned tho pack into the hands of Lord Middleton on tho determina tion of liiB son not to accept it. Sir Tatton still mounted in 'pink ' till about two years ago. Sir Tatton, his man Snarry, and his horse, wore all cha racters ; tho servant has been there 52 years, anil Sir Tatton used to delight in saying that himself and his horse were 115 years old. Sir Tatton was ever an early riser, often mounting beforo tho sun haR risen. He never omitted attending tho cattle fairs, and was tbo first man there at the Melton October of last year. It was not an unusual thing, when there was no hunting or other engagements to cull him away, to find Sir Tutton relieving a luboror at a stone heap or slashing a fence, while the laborer was sent to tlio Castle to enjoy a ilagon of ale. As a landlord, a master, and a friend, Sir Tatton was much beloved, and to him may justly bo applied those words of commendation, ' Ho never loBt ft friend nor mado an enemy.' — Times, 