THE THEATRES. THE ROYAL. There was a bumper house on Saturday evening at the Theatre Royal, the attractions of the entertainment showing both quality and novelty. The bill of fare consisted of the fine acting play of " Love's Sacrifice," a re- production of Professor Pepper's " Ghost effect (and the time-honoured farce of "Pop ping the Question, altogether a. very ample feast. " Love's Sacrifice" has often been performed in Melbourne, but it was Mr. Barry Sullivan's first appearance as Matthew Elmore. The other characters were cast as follows: Margaret, Mrs. R. Heir; Hermine de Vermont, Miss Rosa Dunn ; Marie, Jago. A. Phillips ; Paul Lafont, Mr. B Heir ; St. Lo, Mr. Fitzgerald ; Eugene de Orme, Mr. Ireland and Jean East", Mr. 0. Young. It is not often that a play gets so smoothly and effectively on its first night as "Love's Sacrifice" did on Saturday. There was no break or disappointment throughout! all the paris and situations had been well rehearsed, and realized their proper effects. Mr. Sullivan's Matthew Elmore was a fine delineation of an honourable and highly cultivated mind oppressed by the consciousness of a long concealed and almost forgotten crime. The grand burst in the second act' during his Interview with Eugene de Lorme, where the latter unsuspectingly asks a question about his father's supposed assassin, and Elmoto's conscience surprises him into a passionate description of the horrors of remorse following a murderer, brought down thunders of applause. There were many other points of excellence in the performance, especially in the scene with Lafont when the latter names the price of his secrecy ; the attitude, alternately defiant and abject, of the wretched father was carefully yet powerfully marked, as if controlled by changing impulses, themselves governed by the force of overwhelming circumstance, of supposed guilt and fear of shame. Mrs. B. Heir's Margaret was full of tenderness and dignity ; the scenes with her father after Lafont's proposals had been made were admirable ; but in one of her best scenes, that in which Lafont makes his proposition, Mrs. Heir almost over- acted the early portion of the long declamatory passage in which she spurns the scoun- dren's offer, and this made the climax less effective. With this exception, a rather important one, but which can easily be removed by a little care, Mrs. Heir's Margaret Elmore was worthy of her established reputation as an actress. Mr. Heir's Lafont was a carefully studied and not overacted performance, but he had the disadvantage of not being distinctly heard in the quieter passages, except by that portion of the audience nearest to the stage. The others of the dramatis persons were unusually well suited in their parts, and all played well. S ) well, indeed, did the play succeed i a pleasing the audience, that they received with the utmost good-nature an announcement by Mr. Sullivan, who came before the curtain at its fall, to the effect that, in consequence of his having received notice of legal proceedings against him if he produced "The ghost effect upon the stage, he should be unable to do so that evening. Mr. Sullivan referred to his six months' management, and appealed to the audience whether he had ever disappointed them before. He said be thought it necessary to fully consult his solicitors before rendering himself liable to the dangers of the law; he did not doubt that he should be advised that, without incurring any consequences, he could produce " The Ghost effect," and if that should be made clear, he promised them that they should have at least six ghosts every night. The excellent old farce of "Popping the Question" followed, in which Mr. Lambert and Mrs. A. Phillips, as Mr. Primrose and Miss Biffin, succeeded in throwing the audience into convulsions of laughter. THE HAYMARKET. At the Haymarket Theatre on Saturday evening the " ghost" again drew a large audience, all parts of the house having been fairly filled. The entertainment provided has been the same every evening during the week, the programme embracing Monk Lewis' drama of " The Castle Spectre," the farce of " The Lottery Ticket, and the comic ballet of '" The Sculptor of Florence." The repeated appearances of the '* ghost three each night have had the effect of giving much greater certainty to the management of the illusion' and on Saturday night its success was undoubted. The audience were warm in their approbation at each of the ghost's appearances. To-night the spectre will appear in the adapta- tion for the stage of Dicken's " Haunted Man." THE PRINCESS'S. The Princess's Theatre was crowded to excess on Saturday evening last, to witness the production of a piece known as " Tom and Jerry ; or, Life In London," one scene in which served to introduce a number of members of the pugilistic art, who went through a series of performances illustrative of " the noble art of self-defence." Almost all the colonial " professors" of this art reputed for their efficiency in "science" were present, and thus exercised themselves, the object being to give a benefit to Alfred M'Laren, a rising celebrity in this way, who will be recollected as having been the companion of the late Mr. J. W. B. Pringle, mining surveyor at Buninyong, when the latter was drowned in Lake Burrumbeet, more than twelve months since. To-night "The Captain of the Vulture," a dramatic adaptation of one of Miss Braddon's novels, will be performed, partially for the purpose of introducing some spectral effects, similar it is said, to those produced at the Haymarket Theatre. _ 