WRECKS.Wrecks. T Total Wreck of the Gfî.kiial Jessop.-The late heavy easterly gales that bav e swept with more than ordinary fury along the southern coast of Victoria have proved fatal to another of our colonial crafts ; a telegram having been received by tho owners of the abovenamed ship, Messrs, Broomfield and Whitakcr, dated Warrnambool, 14th instant, stating that the General Jessop, barque, parted her cable while riding out the gale m West Cove, Kent's Group, on the Cth metant, and went on shore, where she became a total wreck , fortunately all hands wcro saved. The barque has latterly been employed In tho cattle trade, and was bound from Hobart Town to Port Albert when overtaken by the gale. She Is partially insured in the Pacific Assuranco (lillee for £600. Fodndemho op tiif ScBOONFB Axmfda.-The Alineda left Sydney, bound to Melbourne, on tho 30th ultimo, having on beard 2060 bags maize, 70 touB animal charcoal, 80 casks tar, 200 bundles laths. The schooner was proceeding I woll on her voyage until the Gth instant, when she experienced the heavy weather that has lately visited the southern coast The following day (Tuesday), the v c»scl being very deep, and tbe violence of the galo increasing, she went down within six miles of the land, near Green Capo and close to where the ill fated City of Sydney (s ) was lost Tho captain and all hands escaped, landing in an exhausted condition. Captain rryde was taken in one of the station whaling boats to Twofold Bav When the first news of . the diBBBtcr was known, and at once horscB wore got In readi ' ness to convey the crew to the township They, however, had not arrived up to Saturday night It appears the Almcda was struck by a heavy se i, and not being able to rccov cr herself started one of her lower planks The crew were employed for many hours In pumping, but to no av ail, tho tar, having broken loose, surrounded and almost covered them to their middles The Almeda was tbo property oí the captain, and in- sured for £1400 in the Derwent and Tamar Office, Melbourne FouNUEniN6 o» ni- Brno Triumph -The Triumph, brig, 162 tons, Captain Lakeman, left Melbourne on the 1st instant for this port with a cargo of 210 tonB sugar from Bourbon. She had strong gales fiom W. to W S VA., attended with a v ery high sea, up to Capo Howe. The weather still iucreasing in v îolcnce, she got blown off tbe land on the 9th Instant, when 200 miles E of these Heads, She suddenly sprung a bctious leak in the port bow, and the pumpB, having been out of order, soon got choked. At this time the Bourdalaise, 1 rench barque, hove in sight, and, in answer to the signal of distress made, at once bore down and communicated with tho brig Captain Lakeman was anxious that the barque should remain by him until the next day, as tho wind was decreasing This Captain Delascclle« could not comply with, but offered to take the crew on board. Finding that there was no possibility of stopping the leak, Captain Lakeman reluc- tantly determined on abandoning his ship, and with great diffi- culty, owing to the high sea, all got safely on board before night- fall, and the brig was left to her fate Lv cry kindness was Bhown them by all on board the Bourdalase, and they arrived hero yesterday, The Triumph is insured in the Mauritius. WRECK OF THE SCHOONER PRINCE OF DENMARK -This vessel left Sydney about the beginning of February last, for one of the islands of the Chesterfield Group, on which is situated a whaling station. She was loaded with stores for this station, where she arrived about the 20th February. She had landed successfully nearly tho whole of her cargo when, on the 19th March, during a heavy gale, she parted her cables and went ashore. In about half an hour scarcely a vestige of the vessel was to be seen. The whole of the crew with great difficulty succeeded in saving their lives by either swimming or floating on the debris of the wreck to the shore. On the second day after the wreck the weather become calm, and some of the island blacks, by diving, succeeded in bringing up from the wreck sundry small articles, among which were several of the carpenter's tools and spy-glass and one or two chests belonging to the seamen. As early as possible after the wreck, the crew commenced the building of the little vessel which has brought ten of the crew safely from Brampton Shoal to Brisbane, a distance of about 600 miles, this voyage was com- pleted in eight days. The vessel, which was somewhat appropri- ately and goodhumouredly named by the crew Hamlet's Ghost, is built partly from portions of the wreck which were washed on shore and partly from some boat planking which was brought from Sydney for the use of the station. She is built after the American style, and, taking into consideration the difficulties un- der which she was constructed, she is a very creditable piece of work. She is cutter rigged, and we understand from the crew that she behaves well in a seaway; her speed is not despicable, as may be ascertained by the quick run she made to this port. Eleven of the natives who were part of the crew of the schooner Prince of Denmark were left on the island with about eighteen months' provisions. During the voyage of the Hamlet's Ghost to Brisbane she experienced fine weather until nearing this coast, when she encountered strong southerly winds. I H. M. S. Miranda- This vc-sel has been in Mr. Cuthbert'» , hands some time, the necessary repairs being of a very extensive I character ; dry rot was discovered to hav o ptnoti ated the hull in so many places, that it was found necessary to lay both sides opon. She was therefore placed in the Government Dry Dock, and stripped. Several portions of the frame have been taken out and replaced bv colonial timber of splendid quality, and this fine steam frigate in a few days will again be fit for sea. The mannor in which the work has been performed is spoken of by the officers m the highest terms, and is equal to anything in the Royal dock yards in Lngland. The Miranda has been umloeked, and ia now lying oil Cuthbert'a Wharf, completing her repairs. The Boomerang -This vessel, which was stranded in tho Tit/roy, has been got off and repaired, and will bo brought up to Sydney, in tow of one of the A, S. N. Co.'h vessels trading to the iiorthern ports. Steam Gun-boat ron New Zealand -It may not bo generally krlown, that the A. S, N, Co , hav o in the course of construction an iron gun-boat for tho New Zealand Government, and intended for service on tho inland w aters. Sho ¡s 140 fcot In length, 20 feet beam, 8 feet 6 inches depth of hold, and will draw only 2 feet 0 inches of water, she is built of g-iron, which will render her bullet proof, and is fitted with four water-tight compartments. Tho propelling power consists of nn overhanging stern wheel, with feathering floats, driven by two engines of thirty horse-power each, supplied with steam from two bellers placed fifty-four feet for- ward of the engines, for the purpose of keeping the v csbcI of au even keel. On deck are placed two cupolas, each of seven feet diameter, the sides being pierced for rifles ; the cupolas are placed one forward and the other aft, the communication being from below, In the construction of this steamer it wob Important to protect her against being boarded ia the event of her getting aground, and for this purpose a S-inch iron pipe is corned fore and aft flush with the gunwale, and connected with one of the boilers. The pipe is pierced with a series of holes, co that a continuous jet of hot w ater is thrown from her gunwale should an enemy come alongside. Sho was launched on the lGtb, and will, when ready for sea, have occupied about four months m the construction. It is intended to rig her as a three-masted schooner, for the purpose of proceeding to Auckland, where her storn-whocl will be fitted. W hen ready for activ e serv ice, she will afford accommodation for 300 men. Wre 