UNIVERSITY FAILURES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Medicine at the University of Mel- bourne has met with another misadventure. The special regulations for the medical degree have again miscarried, Like the " best laid schemes o' mice an' men," they "gang aft agley." The difficult and delicate work of framing them created but a light task for the examiners. The fifteen had only one candidate to dub doctor. This was a formidable array to set before"" a solitary being, and made it little wonderful that there were suudry hitches beforo be struggled through. But the dispro- portion has a wider significance. It proves that the want which called the scheme into existence was mythical, and that the council, in providing for it, were more sentimental than sympathetic. Tho cry originated with the council, among whom it was first heard. It was no hearty response to the voice of the profession, but an act of ostentatious libe- rality, as gratuitous as it was unusual. Per- sons who have received a medical education are content therewith, even although they may not possess a university degree, and are not all so captivated by the tinsel of a title as to crawl through a degrading ordeal for it. The boun- tiful mother, therefore, who, in the melting words of the eloquent vice-chancellor, greet- ing, first bears her children, and then adopts them to her bosom, has only a novercal rela tion to this portion of her Esculapian family. Indeed, her marriage to medicine has been altogether of the morganitic kind, and tho re- sulting domestic troubles have driven her to seek peace in a separate establishment. This is precisely such a result as was predicted. The vaticination required no more than ordi- nary calculation, which nothing short of bigotry or stolidity could hinder any one from making. It is needless now to go over again the causes of the failure. Reiteration would only be to beat the air into gusts of idle wind. The storm that might rend an oak would hardly molest a cabbage. There are, nevertheless, some points worth noting in connexion with the recent examinations, chiefly from their oddity ; for, in the absence of wisdom, the next best teacher is folly. In that elaborate manual, the Mel- bourne University Calendar, it is asserted that "in several of the universities of the home country, gentlemen who have re- ceived a medical education, but who do not possess a university degree, can proceed to"- that is to say, can obtain- " the degree of doc- tor of medicine on passing an examination prescribed for the purpose." "This svstem" continues the Calendar, " is very extensively taken advantage of by gentlemen residing in England: but in the absence of any similar opportunity in this country, such persons could only obtain a degree by taking a voyage-that is, by going "to Europe." Where, let us ask this communicative Calen- dar, are the several univeisities in the home countries?" There is not one such in all England, Wales, or Ireland, and only one in hungry North, where the relish for "palm oil" is occasioned by an instinctive desire for whatever keeps up animal heat in a rigorous climate. Excepting our own, St. Andrew's is the only university in the British dominions where degrees have been given to non-resident applicants; and even there, now no longer ; for, by a recent change of the law, the system has been abrogated. Even St. An- drews, then, has given up rearing foster children to Galen. The discarded mantles have fallen to the lot of a younger sister, expatriated for the propagation of mcdical lore and quasi-medical degrees. The ancient nest of medical corruption is burned out, and Melbourne rises like a phoenix, to revive tho unenviable fame. 'This want," the Calendar proceeds to relate "the council have endea- voured to supply, by establishing au examina- tion of a similar nature here; and there is a hope that, as the system becomes more gene- rally known, it will be increasingly appreci- ated by the medical profession.'' But the hope and- the solitary candidate are all that remain. All else have been as blessings on the wing from this medical Pandora. It is intended to leave the regulations in their amended form for the lengthened term of twelve months ; but before they be irrevocably placed under the seal of the University, the story of the ''several universities,"and the myth it is meant to justify, must be cor- rected or expunged. So erratic has been the brief career of the University, that no vagary is incre- dible in connexion with it ; and one is prepared for the travestie played off during the examination of its last-adopted child. This is no allusion to the small diffi- culty that arose between the examiners in chemistry, who, because they could not agree about some finical rule of precedence, for a while refused to examine at all, and so nearly brought the whole machinery of the special re- gulations to a very particular dead-look, until one gave way in his tiff, and undertook the duty by himself; which blunder has again led to another difficulty as to whether it was legal to do so, and whether a degree so obtained could be tenable. The point is still subjudice, and, if not settled before capping-day, will so remain, to the great perplexity of the one can- didate, for a whole twelvemonth. This is ludicrous enough, but the thing referred to the appointment of a new examiner-is still more so. This expedient became necessary by a very singular incident. As the period drew near, and no candidate offering, the hono- rary examiners, either disliking a sinecure or fearing to lose their annual divertissment, fell upon one of their own number, who devotedly surrendered for the occasion. This was none other than the spirited examiner in surgery. To take his place, a substitute had to be ap- pointed pro tem, to examine the examiner in surgery. Well, the examiner depute has ex- amined the examiner, and no doubt with all honest and searching scrutiny. Whether he has "plucked " him or no will remain among the arcana of the University. But supposing he had, would the examiner in that case con- tinue to be examiner? He would still retain his own rank and title of F.R C.S, for no one can deprive him of those ; but would he also retain his office? If so, and if his deputy were to come up next year before him in statu pupillari, austere but obedient, and in his turn be " plucked" likewise, would not this pair of academic duellists be very much in the position which the Hibernian allegory ascribes to the, mutually exterminating cats-all but the gowns ? The query here propounded is clearly beyond the poweis of tho University, and may bo i emitted to the Royal Society. It is evident that the University cannot trust itself to take tho possession of any intellec- tual, scientific, or professional acquirement for granted in any one who is not a graduate -not even of surgery, by a fellow of the Col lege of Surgeons ; and that it behoves it to test every one in everything ab initio, oven at the risk of its own stultification. It is true that in many points a smattering may suffice -that in others, to a "quibbling question Btupidly put," an octavo volumo would havo to bo written for a completo answor-that the pass in classics does no more imply scholar- ship than in physic it bespeaks the physician. The formality, however, pleases the Univer- sity, exigent in ceremonial and endearing in title; careless of the substance, so long as it can preserve the usages that have ever stood as stumbling-blocks in tho way of scientific progress ; that have especially kept medicine conservative and stupid, and deprived of tho confidence of a practical world." Univer- sity men never have been among the grand original discoverers and trim promoters of the medical sciences, and Melbourno, juvenile and timid in veneration, thinks it safest to abide by the traditions of the ancient mothers. That not one of the great truths of the medical sciences has been originally enunci- ated from tho professorial chair is a curious fact in the psychology of universities, and must be explicable by some principle of their internal economy. That that principle is the ready acquiescence in an impersonal autho- rity in matters of doctrine cannot be doubtod, in proof of which the entire history of disco- very is replete with examples. A thinker must cease to be himself before he can be fused into the body corporate. To prove this we may start from any era. Take the first great discovory, which laid a foundation for a rational system of medicine, and we find that it was made by Harvey, while an extra academical lecturer on surgery, at the Col lege of Physicians. The next fundamental discovery was by Bell, at the time, also, a.pri vate lecturer in surgery. Between those two, how vast a field of truth was ex- plored by John Hunter, who would not be sent to a university, even to gratify his learned but less gifted brother. Tho prophylactic power of vaccination was first elucidated by a true inductive philo- sopher, one worthy of his master, -although only a country surgeon, and who, when Oxford had the honour of giving him a degree, " reluctantly put on the accustomed gown and cap."Thus does the order, like a true aristocracy, recruit its ranks by drafts from the plebeian side. But it has not en- rolled Morton, the dentist who discovered the anæsthetic power of ether, nor the Liverpool chemist who first suggested its substitute, chloroform. Owen, tho Newton of natural history, studied anatomy under a private lec- turer, and had achieved his fame before Cam- bridge sought him. And where are the names of compeers of these men to be found on the records, or within the walls of the universi- ties? Tho solemn stillness favours the re- veries of dreamers, but the fires of genius smoulder in the stagnant air. On the other hand, it has been within the classic walls that all the great system-builders have reared their airy nothings fabrics which usually took one century to put up and another to take down again. There there was invented the phlogiston of Stahl the archeus of Van Helmont, the lentor of Boerhaave, the spasm of Cullen, the me- chanics of Bellini, the astro-pathology of Roger Bacon, and that crowning absurdity the doctrine of the Royal touch, the ridicu- lous pretensions,of which were not even ex- posed by university wisdom, but driven out of custom by the derision of common sense. Whenever there was anything about magic or incantations, subtle discussions about occult causes or universals, or idle distinctions drawn between the sensible and the vegetable souls we may trace invariably the direct influence of the mystifications of university trained intellect. The successful conspiracy which was headed by the celebrated Dr. Gregory to exclude Sir Charles Bell from the field of clinical practice serves as a typical instance of university illibe- rality. It is impossible to peruse without admiration the amount of Bell's offer of a hundred guineas a year and his museum of anatomy for the simple permission to be pre- sent at the autopsies performed in the amphi- theatre of the hospital, and to make drawings of the more remarkable cases, or think with- out emotion that his offer was refused. Yet, what has science inherited from those highly privileged university professors, Monro or Gregory, compared with the rich heritage from Bell, whom they debarred ? Gregory, it is true, charmed the world with his attic wit and blessed mankind by inventing a ginger mixture; while his less fortunate rival, " who was only a member of the College of Sur- geons, and had opened a private amphi- theatre to which he drew a numerous audi- tory of students, attracted equally by his superiority as a professor, and the insufficiency of the lessons-more theoretical than prac- tical-in the lectures at the university,'' has unveiled perhaps the greatest mystery of the human frame. Yet he-the gifted, the re- fined was not good enough to be accorded the commonest privileges of a university hos- dead-house. Well might Abercrombie declare that he never held a public appoint- ment, being disgusted with the means to be used in the pursuit of it. There is nothing analogous to this in our midst ; but the Barry-an chancellor has declared the recogni- tion of private teaching to involve a serious question, which is sufficiently oracular, and shows that if there be no Bell, there is at least the ghost of a Gregory amongst us. If we even travelled for illustrations beyond the medical sciences, the same rule would be found to hold good; and without going into detail, it may be observed that Bacon, the restorer of learning, was no university-man, but, of all men, was the most bitter opponent of the system of teaching. Even Newton made sun-dials of house-tops, and studied mathematics under a hedge, before he entered a class-room. He was useless as a cowherd, and was therefore thought fit enough for a university. To the innate force of his powers it is due that it did not turn the bent of them, as men's are turned too often. A philosopher before he went, he would have continued one had he never gone. His genius was not of the plastic kind, to mould easily into the usual groove. But not only havo universities not advanced medical science they have actually obstructed its progress. Was it not the same universities which by the persecutions incited against Gali leo inspired so much terror as to deter Cæsal- pinas from anticipating Harvey in discover- ing the circulation of the blood ? and was it not the same universities who threw the odium upon Harvey when his doctrines began to be fully promulgated? Was it not the universities who ridiculed Ambrose Paré for hanging life upon a thread, by tying the ar- teries, when boiling pitch had stood the test of centuries? Was it not the university which gave the question, "Whether gas or vaccination was the greater absurdity," as a theme for a thesis? Did not the university oppose Cullen's innovation of lecturing in English, because likely to lose the key of all the sciences?-as if, with Condillac, they deemed science but a finely- applied language. Finally, was it not the successors of the same men who denounced the use of chloroform as impious? Was not Paracelsus the grand op- ponent of everything medically scientific, and and not he pick up whatever he knew from alchemists, chiromancers, mediclual crones, and universities? It was from these he learned to talk in scholastic subtlety of his tincture of gold and magistery of the sun, with his uncouth jargon. Names in endless number might be adduced of those who, free from the trammels of the university, pro- moted a knowledge of medicine as well as of those who exemplify the baleful effects of university impediment. There is one repressive inQucnco which has over been predomincntly brought to bear in universities against the progicss of a truly scientific medicino. Since the days of nippo crates fo tho latest incident it has been opera- tive. But tho Greek physician succeeded where tho moderns have hitheito failed. He emancipated medicine from the jugglery of priests- the asclepiades-who wero then, as now, strict university men, and " kept to themselves as much as they did know." But the monks of Durham, like the Nesforians of Dschandisubar, still train young physicians; in the medical diticonate. His Grace of Can- terbury conferred a degree on the Nun of Kent, and to this hour he makes learned doctors exactly upon the same footing? What, then, should we do? Abolish universities as hindrances to true learn- ing? By no means. They have a use- ful, though humble, function to discharge. They have to keep in repair the roads made into the wilderness of knowledge, by our great original explorers. As imparters of knowledge, scholiasts, commontators, and custodians generally, they aro all-important. But to do what they ought to do well-to pre- vent degeneracy into dogma and stereotyped opinion, they must never be let become auto- nomous nor monopolists in any form. That our university is absolutely self-governing that it has secured the exclusive right to give medical tuition-that it already exercises a felt influence over the profession of medicine, and that it will tenaciously cling to these dangerous privileges, is foreboding, indeed, of the kind of influence it will exert upon the progressive march of the medical sciences. EXCELSIOR. DEATH BY DROWNING.-Another of those sad but common occurrences, which takes a little life and leaves many mourners, took place at Elphinstone. A little boy of six years of age, named Thomas Barlow, was playing near an unfenccd or unprotected waterhole and being soon after missed, search was made, and his lifeless body drawn from the hole. As is too frequently the case, the hole was close to his parents' house, and they had trusted to its proximity to escape accidents. Medical assistance was called in, but, of course, with- out effect. An inquest was held yesterday, and a verdict of "Accidentally drowned" was returned.-Castlemaine Daily News, April 9. WINE.-Sevoral of our vignerons in the im- mediato vicinity of Beechworth are busy in converting their grapes into wine, and a wholesome spirit of emulation appears to exist amongst them. We would not be at all surprised to see Beechworth (proper) wines taking a high stand amongst Victorian ex- hibits. The deep volcanic and vegetable soils on the northern and eastern slopes, all round this township offer the most favourable fields for vine-growing.-Ovens Advertiser, April 9. < CHINESE OATHS.-His Honour Judge Cope has cut the Gordian knot in the matter of Chinese oaths, by swearing them on the Bible " if they don't object." The idea of a China- man objecting to such a thing! It is high time that some action was taken by the Legis- ature in this matter. In one case, in the County Court, yesterday, a Chinese witness being sworn on tho Testament, put his tongue to it, as if it were something to eat, and seemed to like it too, as he smiled senten- tiously after having performed that imposing ceremony, he evidently thought it a very good joke.- Ovens Advertiser, April 9. GARDEN AND DAIRY ROBBERIES.-A few nights since, the dairy of the Messrs. Hutton, at Muckleford, was broken into, and the whole of the butter intended for the Satur, day's market stolen. The garden of Mr. Kilsby was plundered of tho whole of the fruit it contained. Fowls, geese, &c;, vanish night after night ; and with such impunity is thieving carried on that on one occasion a place was robbed at three o'clock in the after- noon, during the temporary absence of the owner. A public meeting is about to be held upon the subject, and there is great talk of a protection society being established ; but, before coming to such a decision, it is to be hoped that milder measures will be adopted. Mount Alexander Mail, April 10. THE ITALIAN CONSCRIPTION for the year has been successfully carried out, and the army of Italy will shortly consist of 400,000 effec- tives. Consequently the loan, which was to have been postponed till 1864, is to be raised this year-circumstances flowing solely out of the selfish occupation of Rome.-Spectator, Jan, 17. 