NEWS C)F THE! WEEK; foEW SOUTH WALES; * , MArrtiANb. . Mr.Dalyell.'P.M.atWolldmbi.isjuBtdead ? The annual Soir.ee of the Church .Union iu connection with St. Puul'a takes place on the 29th inst. This Morpeth S'ohuoi of Arts is to be opened bb the 24th lnst., by Dr. Woolley; A, Vestry is to be erected at St. Paul's^ Church. , McMauus, the bushranger, has beeu remanded for elglnlUys. BINGLETON. , .„ . A literary society .ia foining into operation here. , Four Chinamen brouglit before the Ueiloh) charged with gairibling, were discharged with a qautlqni , . John Smith,, mail driver, lias been charged with wife desertion. SYDNEY. At Kri abduction case at ParrainattaJ tho prinbip'nl wit. hesi,' Harriet Company, was unablo to give evidence, not b'einf able to repeat the Lord's prayer, being unac quainted with the nature df an oath, and not knowing what h Bible, was, A public' meeting bf the pupils nf Mr. W. T. Cape has been held with a flaw to raise a suitablfc memorial td his memory. i, ...... ?in At lhe Victoria tlleatrt, crowded houces havo asicm bib'd to witness ' Thil Ghost.' This singular illusion haa been recoivbd with great applause by hundreds of ad miring spectators. Themunillly meeting of Ibe AoolltHaihiation Society waa hbld at the offlce(Mr,L. Samuel'sJ.pn Monday last. Several new specimens of flowers from the garden1 of the Rev. G. Turner; ot llyue, were exniouea. , Mr, Biroh't advertisement ('The Holiday Trip') U spokuu of in high terma 1 tile illUstratidna aro much ad A UUblirer ttamed Smith had his leg broken by a fall at Henley and Harper's Dry Dock. 05 men, rank and 1116, of H.M. 12th Re(Jimerit, Arrived on the 12th inst.; in the ' City of Sydney!' ship. Tin aminUes of Mr. Solomon, in Pitt- street, was en tered and rubbed on Thursday night last. A thief named JdcksoH lian been apprehended for the affair. His Bxcellenov Sir theory Barklev, mid Lady nnd Miss lla'rkloy hnvo arrived from Melbourne, an'd taken up their residbneo with Sir John Yohu; during their The (load body of a child lias been foiind In a ddssp'ool on p-romiabS in Surrey Hills. BATHOBST. , , Francis Pole)'/ btotbar to tho man who stopped the Mudgeemailj has Ueeii tried, and auutcuced to 10 years on tlierbada. ? Two young moil namtd Hockey, with the aid ol dogs, have killed no I'uwcr than -IBS nativo oats' arid opomunu dtirihg the past lito'iith. , A Chinaman has been found guilty of killing his mate. Scutcncu deliined, . ... A woman nainoil M'Cabo attempted to commit suicide by plaiting bar hair into a.rnpo und linnying herself to a 