TOPICS OF THE DAY. The "privilege question" comes on for discussion to-day in the Council, the point at issue being the rejection by the Assembly of the Council's amend-<*> ments in the Adelaide Waterworks Bill, on the ground that the Council have no right to alter a Honey BilL The adjourned meeting of the Mew Cornwall Min ing Association, to consider the propriety of winding op the affaire of the Company, whs held at the Hotel | Europe, Grenfell-street, on Monday afternoon, j August 24. There were between 30 and 40 share- j holders present. Mr. 3. Aeraman took the Chair, end having opened the proceedings, he -said the Solicitors to the Company had stated that the mine could not be wound up until the balance-sheet had been presented at one of the half-yearly meetings, and that they could not, therefore, dissolve the Company until after the meeting in October next. In order to carry on the mine they must borrow money, bat according to the deed of settlement, they could not borrow until all the calls had been paid up. Now there was £102 10s. doe on shares, which bad not yet been paid up. They expected to get about half of this, and if the shareholders would make up the other half, or Bay £60, the Directors would then < find sufficient to curv on the mine to October. The | Hon. J. M. Solomon'wished to know, in the event of forfeited shares being merged into the capital of the Company, whether that would preclude their bor rowing. The Chairman replied that every penny of the £30,000 moat be paid up—the Solicitors were very distinct on that point. The Hon. J. M. Solo mon expressed hi* opinion, upon reading the clauses in the deed of settlement, that the Company had power to dissolve it?elf at any special general meet ing. The Chairman remarked that in such a matter, having employed solicitors, he would prefer taking their advice. (Hear.) The Directors thought it would be better to carry on the mine till October, than let it fill with water; but they wanted an expres sion of the opinion of the shareholders. They could not borrow until they could give security, and they could not give security until all the subscribed capital was paid up. In answer to the Hon. J. M. Solomon the Chairman said it would be hardly worth while putting up all the shares to auction, because 15s. was due on some of them, while their market value was 6a. per share, lne Chairman suggested that if eix of the shareholders, contributed £10 a piece the difficulty would be sur mounted. Mr. J.H. Pollard observed that it would be a graceful act on the part of half adozenof the original proprietors to subscribe £10 each. (Cheers.) The Chairman said several of the original proprietors had no interest now in the Company, and it was hardly likely they would give their money for the accommodation of a thing in which they were not interested. Mr. S. Baphael hinted at a voluntary call of a penny per share to make up the deficiency. (A laugh.) The Chairman thought the process of collecting penny pieces would be rather difficult. (A laugh!) Mr. 3. Counsell wished to know if the Directors would not be able to carry on the mine till October with the cash they had in hand, and with the ore that was at grass? The Chairman answered that the cash balance would only take them up to the 25th July; and now they had another month's pay to provide for. Mr. J. H. Pollard suggested that the Directors should advance the £60 and pat tfae aharw up to auction. The Chairman said it could not be ex- I pected that the Directors would meet every deficiency; they would have to be responsible for the overdraft at the Bank, and that was as much as they could ask of them. At the request of Mr. J. Counsell, the Chair man read the last report received from Capt. East, and dated August 20. After some further conversa tion a collection was made in the room, and between £30 and £40 was realized towards meeting the de ficiency. It was then moved by Dr. Clark, and seconded ; Iby Mr. Win. Whyte—"That the following gentlemen i I form a committee to raise the sum of £60, and hand |it to the Secretary on or before the 7th proximo, to enable him to pay np such calls as are then in arrear: —Messrs. Sinclair and Jones, for the Port, and Messrs. Vautin, Counsell, and GalL" The resolu tion was carried unanimously, and the proceedings ended with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. There are no fewer than seven plonghing-matches advertised for this week —namely, at Gawler and Truro to-morrow ; at Gienelg, Woodville, Lyndoch Valley, and Port Gawler and Virginia on Thursday; and at Mount Pleasant on Friday. For the next week, matches at Dry Creek, Templars, and Modbury are announced. At the Norwood Young Men's Association, on Monday evening, the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson delivered the second part of hts lecture on "Engineering, ancient and modern," to the members and friends of the Society; the President, Mr. R. Wells, being in the chair. The lecturer, in continuation of his previous paper, now entered upon the question of architecture as it existed among the Greeks and Romans, and upon the state of military and civil engineering as practised by those people and by the Jews. With the help of diagrams drawn on the blackboard, these matters were made plain to the eyes and ears of the audience. The shifts which the ancients were put to in their endeavors to find a substitute for the arch, as it is now known, were amusingly explained, and vivid descriptions were given of the military engineer ing of the&omans; and of the skill of Archimedes. An account of the Roman roads built of solid stone led to some remarks on modern roads, and the lec turer concluded by promising in his next paper to deal with the present practice of engineering. A vote of rtinninij moved by Mr. Champion, and seconded by Mr. J. Wells, was pat and earned. The Chairman remarked, in concluding the proceedings, npon the good fortune of the members in their securing month after month practical, and yet not dry lectures, which were delivered by gentlemen who had studied their subjects and who redly understood what they ventured to instruct others upon. It was announced that the next fortnightly lecture would be on " Elocution," and the next monthly lecture on " American Despotism. Mr. A, S. Hamilton delivered his lecture on Phrenology, in the Temperance Hall, North Ade laide, on Monday evening, 24fth instant. The atten dance though email, numbering only about 60 persons, was highly respectable. The lecture commenced with a few remarks on the truthfulness and importance of (he study of phrenology, and with the aid of various busts and skulls gave a general outline of the position of some of the principal organs. He then proceeded in a more minute and in a pleasing manner to give a description of the organs regulating the moral senti ments, the first-mentioned being self-esteem and love of approbation. A large development of the?e two organs, he remarked, often gives a man moral char acter, and raises him to a position of respectability and influence in society, even in the absence of the higher regulating principle of benevolence and venera tiOD, teaching us, as it does, to do right that we may gain the approval of others, without regard to the higher inducement of doing right for its own sake. But when well balanced with other organs he observed that the due development of self-esteem and love of approbation formed an important element of a noble character. He next spoke of the organ of benevolence, which he mentioned was situated in the upper portion of the forehead, and entered into a detailed account respecting the influence of the organ on moral character, remarking that, to a large extent, in proportion to the develop ment and cultivation of this faculty, men became strong in all goodness, ready to do good purely for its own sake, and to lace opposition, and sometimes bear reproach, if by so doing they could carry a benefit to others. He noticed that in the bust of Shakspeare benevolence was of full development, and that acting, as it did in him, in connection with faith, hope, and ideality, his writings were full of enb limity, and by a kind of moral magnetism we read them with delight—a delight experienced more or less in proportion to the full or small development of these organs in ourselves. The lecturer then pro ceeded to describe the organs of veneration, firmness, conscientiousness, and hope. He reminded bis audience that it was an established fact that the various organs can be increased or the reverse by cul tivation, and dwelt at some length on the peculiar characteristics of each organ be was then treating on, strongly advising them to cultivate them in their own characters, more particularly those of veneration and conscientiousness—organs that held a most important influence on character, and raised a man to all that is high and noble in moral greatness. The lecture, which was listened to with great attention, and occupied an hour and a half in delivery, wbb brought to a close by the examination of the heads of two volunteers, the deductions from which being ap parently satisfactory, Mr. Hamilton announced his intention of delivering his second lecture in North Adelaide on Wednesday evening next. There was a very good attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Monday night, the pit, stalls, and gallery being especially crowded. The great object of attrac tion was the debut in Adelaide of Mr. Charles Dillon, who appeared as Hamlet. From the passages quoted by us yesterday morning it will be seen that Mr. Dillon has received most favorable notice in England, and considerable cariosity was excited to wit ness his impersonation of Shakspeare's most philo sophic character. The play was greatly cot down, but most of Hamlet's chief speeches were preserved, and were carefully rendered by Mr. Dillon. His advice to the players was particularly well spoken, and the soliloquy after they leave him was powerful. But it is in the third act that Mr. Dillon's-full strength is disclosed. His meeting with Ophelia has been favorably noticed by the Times, and we cannot do better than quote that great authority on the sub ject :—The tenderness with which he surveys Ophelia in the midst of his raving? about the ' nunnery,' and to which he gives extreme expression by dropping on his knees and fondly kissing her hand, is natural from its spontaneous appearance; and bis welcome to Horatio, on the entrance of the latter, has a frankness about it that is singularly touching. Nothing of great moment occurs at this meeting of the two friends, bat the notion is conveyed that a kindly heart, long placed among uncongenial spirits, has at length found a sympathetic being on which it can repose. The watching of the King daring the play scene is] carried out through all its details with immense earnestness, and the burst of triumph in which it results is most powerful. Throughout the whole of this act the actor has more and more entered into the spirit of the scene, and here is bis climax. He has gained his audience, and he may fearlessly pursue his victory through the two remaining acts." The fourth and fifth acts are cut very short, but are distinguished by some more of Mr. Dillon's exertions. The scene at the grave with Laertes was highly effective, and the play was brought to an end with the dying and scarce audible words of Hamlet " The rest is silence." Next to Mr. Dillon it is fii that we should mention Mrs. Dillon, the Ophelia of last nighf s performance. In the first two acts, or we might say in tbe first three, this lady hardly appears to advantage, and the tragedy is so mangled, except in those parts ia which Hamlet is personally concerned, that she does not get fair play. When, however, she ap peared as the poor crazed Ophelia, she fairly took the audience by surprise, and when she retired after singing her last Bong, and disposing the flowers over the imaginary grave of her father, a hearty and spontaneous burst of applause announced the perfect satisfaction of the house. Mr. J. B. Creswick, who has not visited Adelaide for a long time, appeared as the Ghost, and played it well, being distinct, emphatic, and correct in bis reading. _ There appeared, however, to us an error in allowing the Ghost to come on so near the footlights; it considerably, destroyed his spiritual character, and not even the ' gauze around him could persuade the audience of his being anything but " too, too solid flesh." Sir. Bay, we venture to think, misconceives the character of J Polonious altogether, and substitutes a silly old man for a polished and veteran courtier. Mr. Streeton performed Claudius well and carefully, as he always does, and Mrs. Bay made a very fair Gertrude. Mr. South's Laertes and Mr. Shute's Horatio were both tolerable. Mr. Greville performed the First Grave digger much to our taste, keeping well to the text, introducing no absurdity of any kind. Of the remaining characters we need only say that they were as well represented as was required. The scenery was good, and we must make particular mention of the new drop, which has recently been painted by Mr. Holme9. It reflects great credit on the artist, being spiritedly executed and well colored. At the end of the third act and at the fall of the curtain Mr. DiUon was called for, aud bowed his acknowledgments, on tbe last occasion reappearing with Mrs. Dillon. This evening " Richelieu" will be performed, and we expect this drama will prove as successful or even more so than "Hamlet." We hare to remind our readers that the benefit* concert to Mrs. Wishart takes place at the Assembly Booms, on Wednesday evening. The programme, which appears in another column, is very attractive. Ail the performers hare kindly given their services gratuitously. Every effort has been made to render the concert successful. 