OUR LONDON LETTER. September 26th. The news from America has been during the month almost all! ei ther in fivor of the North. Operations , between Lee's army ami General Mead have ceased, i but the attack on Charleston has more than i supplied any deficiency in news. Almost every steamer has brought us word of some additional success to the North, and of some disaster to the South. Charleston has not yet fallen, nor does the North, with the experience of Port Hudson, and Vieksburg, seem to anticipate that it will, without the lapse of a con- siderable time. Still, tlie general feeling in America is that the war is now rapidly diawing to a close ; • that the rebellion is put down, and that the Union has already abolished slavery and convinced the •world of its strength. Thif, too, 6eems to be a very general opinion in England. The wisli is no doubt father to the thought, bur, still, unless some unforeseen accident of war s'lould arise the conquost of llie South cannot at the present rate be long delaved. It has been very eurious to watch | how, during the past twelve months, the sympathy of the English people has been varying from one side to the other. During tbatperiod the Federals have been Rrowing more and more in public estimation. There is not at present in England n single respectable journal, with the exception, perhaps, of the'Morninc Herald,' the ultra Tory mouthpiece, which would allow in its colums such attacks on the North, or such etiology «f the South, as appeared almost daily in the 'Times' and elsewhere, twelvemonths ago. Then, tlie question wasau open one; now, curiously cnotigh. it has become almost a political orse. * The Manchester men are almost families! in their advocacy of the North, the-majority of the Liberal \wr'.y favors the North, Imt Inves England better ; while the Tories and Squiroocmcy are mostly in favor of the South. The whole mats of the lower classes in England are strongly in favor of the North. The great towns, are of course, the mouthpieces of this view. The aristocracy and the governirff closes prefer the slaveholders. As the ISEue becomes more and more seen that the war in America is a war between freedom and slavery, or a struggle to settle the question "Whvtlur upon the continent of America l!i - principle of slavery, or the principle of freedom shall predominate" the old liberty loving instinct of the Eng'ish nation declares itself more and more srrot'L'ly in favor of the Federals. The •TimcV which your readers know is a good barometer of the state and tendency of public opinion has already In ptin to turn round. The immediate cause of this veering, was llie annunncoment that two iron clad ves-els were almost ready to be launched at Liverpool for the cause of the Confederates. The 4 Times' liad several leaders on tlie subject, ail urging that these ships ought not to he allowed to leave England, and that if ilie English law at present will allow them to leave, the sooner the Jaw is tillered the better. The 'Morning Post' {Lord Pahntrstosrs organ) has given, and since repealed a half official declaration that these vessels will not lie nllo-.ved to leave England. Most of the ill-feeling in America towards this country arises from the ads nf the Ala'atna, and Fl -.rlda, both of which were haiit in England. The ' Times' has point, d our. in half a dnz: n different leaders that, if the law allows a neutral to build ships for one of the contending [Arties, we shall he the (rreatest sufU-nTS in tli? case of a war. At present ihe Florida is in Brest, hut a part of her crew is in Ijiverpool. I' hai been officially stated that Mr. Jjaird, the builder'cf tlie two iron elnds, has pledged himself thar the vessels shall not leave England at a trial trip'a hicli is shortly to lake place. It is verv curious to watch how roollv we lake lessons in (he art ot war trom lh > terrible experiments the niericans male'.' for our in°truclion and edification. Tlicdetails of all in: vn! coolers and honihardnients are carefull}- sifted and analyse I in i(lis country, and the deductions compared with tiio results < t the safe ami bloodless experiments niade at Woolwich and Shoe'mrynes'i. The Federals have, by the lrombard- Tnentol Cli..i-!esiun,re"t c-oed the question of the utility of the l.igg."t and heaviest guns that can be made anil use'. Gihnnre's batteri s consisted of 210- poundrrs, he has received, we are told two 300- pou^ders; aSOO-pounderis heingconstrneted.andtlie Federals are ' meditating" the construction of a 2000-poundor. 'The telegran'.s will have informed your readers that Greek fire lias been employed at Charleston. A patentee has written to the papers to say that our Government knows all about It, and that they til 11 prepared to shell liquid fire whenever it may be r?quired. President Davis has withdrawn Mr. Mason from London, on the ground that " The Government of her Mnjcsty has determined to decline ihe overtures made through you for establishing by treaty, friendly relations between the two governments, and entertains no intention of receiving you as the accredited Minister of this (the Confederate Government) near the British Court"—a state of things in which Mr. Masnn'6 continued residence in London " is neither conducive to the interests nor consistent with the dignity of this Government." The ' Index' (a journal established by the Confederacy in London, expressly for {he purpose of advocating their cause) appears' io lie alarmed at the prospect for England which Lord Kussell's coldness of demeanour has brought Uj'on us. France, whose Emperor has unofficially freely received Mr. Slidell, is to have not only all the benefits of tlie alliance, but Mr. Mason ' also, JH It is seldom, if ever, (hat this country has been in its- p'eF n< happy condition. Perfectly free from anv suY •' ot 1 internal anxitiy or disquiet, the Whole attention if its politicians is taken up in ^peculating on the afl'airs of their less fortunate neighbours. While all around is inn state of actual war or of thr condition of beii ion, we are in the lesiid spctatorg of tlieir e-in, find conduct in the midst of their troubles, f , utwith little more danger from be, ng involve, in s T,r«]|uT way than V^ub advisable; (rat tliis al least <anlM pleaded for our Foreign Mister, that if - has eried.it has been in good company, and ebuffs he lias sustained are no worse tlian those that have been administered to others. When «••» \- f ^ " taught ^he ^ e ' t p ™ the'l acc w<ilich it was supposed, would not be offered to ; u at)y ot|,er Power. But now that the Russian , anBwer to the French Minister has also made its appearanee, it. Is found.that Pnuce GortsclialcotE has P^J ^ ^ mQst ,auJllbIe imp;,rtiamy, being equa||y curti shar(1> anl} peering to both. He has not imitated the conduct of the American authorities, who reserve all their indignation for England, ^ ^ g ™ * * ^ d u c l ' ^ ^ M Emperor. who has openly declared his willingness to recognise the South. Now that the Russian reply to beeii'th'e'publicntion of n long letter from theNationul Government of that country to Prince Czartergski, | in the front Daire of the ' Mouiteur,' Tlie letter ^ f ™ 0 ^ 6 a°na, is of rceent' ttussian des- : patc]l(!^ an appeal for foreign assistance, many | compliments both to England and France, and « distinct defence of. the legality and national character of the omonymous government, llie | nuhlicatfon publication is reoorted reported to be tlie Emperor's answer j ^ prinee despatch, declining further ! aiscussion and has undoubtedly a strong appearance ! of sympathy with the Poles. At ihe same time the ; .Moniteur'does notiuelf style the authors ot the ! letter a "National Government," and the Russian ' ]ml iuflicteJ on tIiem fi0 seVere a diplomatic defeat The occurrence 6ent down French fun Is, and has increased that uneasimss as to the continuance of peace which, in spite of all assurances, liae has heon been monifnth manifest Rini*.e since tlie commencement ot of the struggle. GENERAL. Of course every Tasmauian knows that this is not " the season" ir London. Everybody is supposed to be down in the country or at Paris or Timliuctoo. The newspapers edit themselves apparently, and the result is that we have discussions on every sort of c,ut of the way subject. The social evil is always a good topic at this time of the year, and lias been amply discussed both in the' Times' and the' Saturday ReviewThe latter has lmil two very startling leaders on tlie 6ubject under the heading of " The sin in scarlet." Then the members down in the country begin, about this time, to vary shooting, with enlightening the rural mind on all sorts of t0pic8 from the best method of applying liquid manure to the fate of Poland. The speeehes form good topics for the London newspapers. Not, that as a rule they are at all remarkable. Delivered usually at the Library and Philosophical Institute of the county Pedlington, three- fourths of the contents usually go to prove that the world is progressing just as it should be, and the remaining fourth to sliew that the Literary and Philosophical Institute where they arc met is one of the most important means of bringing about this progress. Still these speeches serve to pass the time, and help to get over the dreary season. Though njthing political is doing, every sort of social question is being ventilated. When the goddess of politics takes her departure, just about the beginning of the shooting season, in comes art, science, social economy, ^ ^ enormous cabbages, sensatioiis, and London frgJ The British Association for the advanceraent u[ ecjerice has liad its parliament at Newcastle during the past month. In about ten days the Social - i Science ^ Association * — lieidns to bold its a...ccin,> session in Edinburgh ; Lord Brougham, who last week completed his eighty-fifth year, is to open it. Is there any other country in the world where such vigorous old men can be found ? Lyndliurst, turned ninety, is still hearty, I believe; Palmersion, in spite of gout.and rumors about every three mouths that lie is failing, is as stratifr and witty as ever. By the way, in conneetion with Lord Brougham, there vi.s rather a curious and painful scene in the House of Lords a short lime before the HFsion closed. Whilst speaking, his teeth obstructed his voice, and the veteran, determined his tp'tcli should, nnt be lost, endeavore.i to take them out. He hail literally to tug and tug again before he could aceouiplisli his purpose, and when lie had aeoomplislied it, the sight of the fallen month and the mumbled pounds which name from it is described by those who were witnesses of it to have lie;n something c-itreniely painful. Nevertheless he went through his work and made a good speech, lie will do the same probably at Edinburgh, where his Inst pet society, one that is doing a large amount af useful work, will pribahly have a more successful meeting than evea its predecessor ia London last year. At tlie Briusli Association meeting, Kir William Armstrong, of gun notoriety, was president. To follow what he said about guns, aod the weight of ball they could throw was almost an impossibility. The ' Times' however, has thrown Sir William into the shade by telling us wlist the Americans are doing On hoard nur ships it appears that the largest gun we possess throws only 68 pounds, while the Federals have t n boatd theirs guns throwing 200 pounds. They have guns [ also of 3'JO pounds calilire, whilst our largest field pieces are only . 32 pounds. The ' Times' suggests . I that possibly ourS ship guns are lietter, because we can safely go to sea with them, whereas a Federal iron clad with a 200-pounder as deck hamper would hardly venture to do more than crecp along the coast. Still when we raid that Fort Waguer at Charleston has been destroyed at a distance of five miles, it is time that the old world should look sftcr what tliese precocious young nations of the new arc Sir William Armstrong's greatest hit in his opening speech was made when he spoke about the sun's spots. His theory is not. altogether new, but although Mr. NasoiyIll's "solar willow leaves" which ate each looo miles iu length, and 100 in breadth, and perhaps organisms" (suggest both that gentleman and Sir \Villiam)have not been altogether unheard of before, yet none has been able to put the theory in sucli a fashion as Armstrong put it. The spots on U12 sun are nfien crossed, and usually fringed with these willow leaf shaped bodies anil the whole surface of the pun seems to be covered with them. Crowds of living, involved, bright, not caterpillars creeping over each other, each 100,0n0 square miles in area are not a pleasant idea. Sir William further suggested that the constant supply of beat, which warms the whole solar system, may be due to the falling in of bodies 10 the sun's surface, heating that surface just like his own cannon balls or shells heat the targets at Slioeburyness. Who would clioosc a residence iu a sphere, very majestic, b'tt eternally bombarded from all parts of the celes ial spaces;—a world into which emttll planets that had been travelling from infinite distances, with a constantly accelerating speed should be constantly crushing home, and where theHnnrxatinn of a comet would be an every day event. Sehastopool or Vicksburg under siege, would be a sort of lieavtn to Filch a life as that. Besides, they at least had the satisfaction of returning the fire, which would be impossible forthe sun. At the theatres, nnd general places of amusement, at London, the present rage is the Ghost." After haunting the Adelpbi lie makes the round' of Canterbury Hall, and other similar places. The thing is ver> well managed. Dressed in orthodox ghostly costume, he appears just at the very point in the play, or the reading of some of Dickens's ghost scenes where he is wanted and is prepared to throw back the bullets fired at him, or to walk through the table, or to be stabbed through and through without the smallest apparent inconvcnienco. The thing is easily explained. Jivery one passing a plate glass window must have observed his reflection on the other side, lie member that the plate glass of a window is uot silvered as U the case with a mirror, and it mn v readily be conceived, sty, first, that the actor is on the opposite side of a lar p- and coneealid pane of gloss, jxt this glaw be placed p'irrilWt'* 1 h' • dire tionin which tli spectators are lo>kimr. And. lastly. Ipi tin- lich: lie disposed to as to throw the shadow well forward n« a f^ft «ll»dow on a dflric ground, and tlie thing is jogfe your jurenik readers tu*y set up one or.hemselves T can assure them they have pot ufficient to.act «.rpn. _ v . _ ___ 'S . . . . . } have foun, sually occupies threeintended, and may actually be put to other use than as a promenade. It is the latest phase of the modern revival. Aluminum, the metal extracted from clay, is beginning to be both cheap find common. At present Manpins seem to be the principal maters in Iceland, and their exhibition of 1c and of aluminum bronze is well wo-th a visit. For three or four years past your renders have most lik'-ly been familiar with past; ' i the form of wrist clasps, belt buckles, &c.;, it in Mapping are now making it up ns forks, and but 5 ; one third that of silver. The aluminum bronze makes the best imitation of gold in api'^'f; ance that lias yot been discovered. It is next to impossible to distinguish the two. Of course the weight instantly Rives an answer. Already | Albert watch guards, and a good ninny ornaments | are made of it. and there canbet'''''' 1: . 1 . 1 V • w.ll supersede the use of electro plate, si u t.s | everlasting wear, and, mid, to ui:i,;e a hull, when n does wear it loolcs as much ' like _ „ gold as ever. The prior j is still rather high, because it is a novelty, ilioos!h even now much lower than that of silver, but 11 nuk we may fairly anticipate that in a very few years j every house will have many articles made of • " ' 1 saw that the new tirorze coinage had just been issued. Adcseriiitinn of it in a local was ratlnr amusing, when we recollected ihut any other copper coinage has not heeu seen in England for the lust three years at least. The' Championship ok thi: Tvkis.—On Saturday afternoon, September 12, at half-past 2 o'clock, an immense crowd was congregated upon the High Level-bridge, Ncwcastle-upnn- Tyne, and upon tlie quays and shores on the upper reaches of the Tyne. to witnes-t a skiff race between Robert Chambers nnd Henry Kelly, of London. The race was for a silver eup, £50, and the championship of the Tyne. It was a prize that hud been put up by the committee of the Tyne Regatta a fortnight ago, and had been contested for by Koliert Cooper, Robert Chambers, and Henry Kelly. Cooper came in first on that occasion ; but a foul was claimed by Chambers and Kelly, and it was resolved by the committee that tlie men should appear at tli-3 High Level-bridge on Saturday afternoon at half- past two o'clock and row over. Cunper - , however, refused to attend, and has served the president, < rcasurer, and secretary of the Regatta Committee with writs claiming the prize. Chambers, who had been unwell, seemed to have recovered his strength again, and both he and Kelly appeared to be in excellent condition. At starting the betting was 0 to 4 on Chambers. Chambers won the toss, and took the north side of the river, the water being somewhat rough. Kelly led, bnt upon reaching Skinnor'sburn it was palpable that, though lie was several feet ahead of Chambers, lie was bearing down upon liitn in a manner that was suggestive of an approaching foul. Kelly was plainly bent on taking possession of Chambers's waler, but in doing so lie forced Chambers in shore, ami got into his water, '2 feet or 3 feet short <if th.it possession which would have entitled him to be railed perfectly clear. Some move fouling fcy.k place further on in ihe race, and when opposite the gas works, Chambers having shot ahead of his opponent, Kelly ueised co'iluslini! the race any further, and Chambers won by 100 yards, The foul was referred to Ihe committee and referee, who, after hearingbotli the men, declared that Kelly had clearly eamie ont of his own water, and fouled Chambers, and they therefore awarded the race to the Inlter. The Prince .\ni> Pkinckss of Wales at ABEnonLDiii.—Picnicing Kerns to have been the ruling amusement of the Prince and Princess during the past week. The weather, though unsettled and showery, has not prevented tiiem enjoying the usual amount of outdoor recreation, which has already put a healthful tinge on the Princess's hitherto pale countenance ; while the Prince, nothing daunted by the passing showers, persistently pursues favorite whittle of <icer-RtalUiu<j, awl not uulrojuently - has - he tried the lungs of - - his - more elderly keepers to follow him on the hills in pursuit of game. O11 Saturday week the Prince was out shooting at Itivetgcldic, and succeeded in taking down three noble stags, which he exhibited to the Princess that evening by torchlight on the lawn 111 front of the castle. On Sunday they both attended Divine service, when Dr. Fowler, of Hatho, near Edinburgh, then 011 a' visit to OraUtie, preached ail eloquent sermon. In the after- noon the Prince and , Princess . , , drove . to , the 1 wood cast from Corhtelia, ami took tea | amongst the heather. Monday being a day of ! rain the Royal partly stayed mostly inside. ! On Tuesday the Prince was again among the ! hills, and brought down a fine deer, which was afterwards shewn at the castle The Princess and attendants drove to the (iarra- j wait and took luncheoi, On Wednesday the | Prince, Princess, and suite.drove to Garinundie, j abill on the west side of Balmoral, and lunched, ! returning late in the afternoon. In the even-! ing a ball was given to llie servants and gillies of the Prince at the castle. In collection with the jottings, it may not be uninteresting to notice that, though the Prince and Princess, more especially the Latter, almost daily hover round Balmoral Castle fur awhile, they have never yet been inside—the notion in the loca lity being that the Queen, "the laly of the manor," wishes them not to enter until she is ! thcrc herself to receive them. The Hon. Mrs. Coke has left Abergeldic as lady-in-waiting, being succeeded by the Hou. Mrs, Brucc.— ' Aberdeen Herald.' 