LETTER TO THE EDITOR THE VOLUNTEERS. SIR-The rifle volunteers are dissatisfied] with the official neglect of their corps, and I J think with reason, for Government should either have prevented the formation of the corps, or have vigorously supported it when formed. The condition of this portion of our volunteers has hitherto been Inglorious to the men, and would have been perfectly useless to the colony, had their services been required. Men imperfectly drilled, without uniform, without arms, without ammunition, could manifestly be of no use. The authorities seem to have been halting between two opinions, not reconciling it to their conscience to refuse the offer of men who were willing to devote a great deal of time gratuitously to the public service, and not recon oiling it to their regard for the public purse to expend the trifling outlay that would make the company of Borne use, it may be. Lately, the men have become wearied of this coquetting of the Government, and were about to give up, after patiently waiting, and hoping and drilling, some of them for years. But, happily, it is not likely to come to this. It appears to me that the subject of a volunteer force is not, at least generally, looked upon in the proper light. I have read a good deal, and heard a great deal about what has been done in the other colonies, and in England, in the volunteer service ; but it is nothing to us what they do. The question with us is whether we ought to have a volunteer force. The Government think so, for it has recognised the volunteers; many right-minded citizens think so, for they have offered their services, but the mass of the people fear they think nothing about the matter. The question is to be determined by our necessities, not by those of other people. - If we have no need of a volunteer force, by all means let us save the expense to the public; let us have no drill sergeants at £3 a week; and brigade majors, and colonels, who so carefully avoid an impertinent interference with the men that they are not known to them even by sight. If, on the other hand, it seems that some sort of defence is absolutely necessary for the colony, let us have a volunteer force, and not the mere ghost and shadow of one. Let it be remembered that only twelve months ago, England was in the fever of preparation for a great war, with such serious intent of carrying it on that in a few weeks three millions of money were sent in preparation and that, had war been declined, Yankee speculators would have tried what Providence might send an armed vessel in the track of our homeward-bound gold ships and further, that it could hardly have escaped Yankee 'cuteness to try what might be squeezed out of a colonial government by coming up the river, and pointing the muzzles of their guns at Government House, offering the alternative of the destruction of the town, or handing over £10,000, £100,000?any sum they chose. I don't doubt many a reader will pooh-pooh this. If they suppose it either impossible or improbable, they must be singularly ignorant of naval history during the last century. The Imperial Government thought the matter serious lacks the first ship for the port with cannon and ball tells us in effect, " We have given you our race, our language, our civilization; we now give you arms; use them like men? we can do nothing more for - you." More distinctly England is telling the same to Canada just now. And just so spoke Rome some fourteen hundred years ago to the Britons. Our cannon Well, we have painted them and there they stand gaping at each other, like country bumpkins before the dance begins; be dance not being likely to begin yet a while. The Government has had a due share of blame; but let us remember that under a liberal constitution the Government is simply an exponent of the will of the people, and that the citizens themselves, in their indifference, are to blame for the indifference of the Government to a volunteer army. In this town there are 2000 men capable of bearing arms, and from these we can barely muster a paltry hundred volunteers. We have nothing to hope from England in the event of a war. She has said so distinctly the other day to Canada. Shall we then have a body of citizen soldiers sufficient to defend us from any raid likely to be made upon us? Or shall we adopt the policy of the Britons, and get a nation of men to help us ? If the latter, I don't doubt our neighbors over the way there in New Caledonia will be glad to do the needful, all for the love of La Gloire, and the trifling honorarium usual in these cases. This point is to be decided, not by the Government, but by the citizens themselves. I agree with you, Sir, it is not by presentations of bugles and banners by ladies, that life is to be put in this matter, though these are very becoming offerings. It is by a reasonable conviction in the minds of men that it behoves us to be able to protect ourselves that the carrying arms in defence of our lives and property is on altogether noble, and manly, and necessary thing. I am, &c.;, CITIZEN. 