EDWARD IKYING.* [From the " Times."] Had Edward Irving been a Ito-nan Catholic priest he would have have been canonized amongst the greatest of saints. Being a Pro \- testant and Presbyterian he was turned out of his church, he was treated as a madman, and lie died an outcast: heretic. There xvas no harm in the man, and what errors he entertained or extravagances he allowed in connection with supposed miraculous gifts were certain in due time to burn themselves out. His heresies, if heresies they were, would scarcely be regarded as such in the Church of England. They were simply an assertion of something like baptis- mal regeneration^ belief in the second advent, a declaration that Christ died for all men, not a few, and that his human nature, though perfectly sinless, was yet not free from " pecca- bility." ' These viewB, which were little in accordance with the doctrines of extreme Cal vinists.be put forth with amazing ardor kindling a great conflagration which unsettled manjr minds,and gave to religion an enthusiasm that ill-befîtted a mechanical and sober-suited age. It was not so much the error of his doc- trine, as the peculiarity of his manner, the tor- rent ot his eloquence, his superlative _ xvant of tact, that provoked his enemies, and frightened his friends. He was said to be impracticable, but there never was a man more open to the in- fluence of other niinds,and under good guidance he would never have gone astray. He lived beloved by all who knew him; he died lamented even by those who deprived him of his church und deposed him from his office , and we xvho read those menions must own to the nobility of his character, the grandeur of his aims, and the extent of his powers. His friend Carlyle bears this testimony to his xvorth :-" But for Irving I had never knoxvn what the com- munion of man with man means ; his xvas the freest, brotherliest, bravest human soul mine ever came in contact with. I cull him, on the whole, the best man I have ever, after trial enough, lound in this world, or hope to find." A character such as this is deserving of study, and his life ought to be written. Mrs. Oliphant, who has already w«n some fame as a novelist, has undertaken the work and has pro duced a biography of considerable merit. It is too Ion«;, in passages too xvordy, and many of the letters and other documents might well be omitted. But the author fully undet stands her hero, and sets forth the incidents ot his career with the skill of a practised hand. She writes well, and if xve sometimes object to high flights and unrestrained emotion it may at least be admitted that these feminine bursts are not inappropriate to' the subject. The book is a good book on a most interesting theme, and deserves something more than a cursory glance. Irving was born in Annan in 1792. There is ' little to be noted in his early life, save that_ his bosom friends were Clapperton, the_ African traveller, and Carlyle, who has identified his name with Chelsea. It is curious that out of Annandale should spring two such men as Car- lyle and Irving, so different and yet so similar. They are Bimilar especially in thiB, that they are specimens pf the perfervid Scot, and that the style of each diverges from the current usage into peculiarities which, for want of a better term, we must call affectations, though it'.seems absurd to call that style affected,which abounds in eloquent force. Irving was in no way distinguished as a youth, save for his physical strength. He waa a ijoor scholar, but he was a wondrous lenpor, swimmer, climber, walker, rower. We see him as a boy paying visits to lus uncles 5 miles off.and leaping all the gates on the way. When still a boy of 13 he went to the Edinburgh University. He made no figure there, but at the end of a few years he had qualified himself to become the teacher of a parish school. It was his ambition to be- come a preacher, and through his school he was enabled to maintain himself during the long years when the Kirk requiries that her minis- ters should study divinity. He first set np as a teacher in Haddington, where for one of his pupils he had a little girl who in the course of time became the wife of his friend Carlyle ; afterwards he had a school in Kirkcaldy, where he had among his pupils the girl who in due time became his own wife. While he was still in teachingihe became a licentiate of the Kirk, and began to preach. His sermons were not liked. He was a most unpopular preacher and had to wait long before he waa recog- nized. At last Dr. Chalmers heard him, took a liking to him, and asked him to become his as- sistant in Glasgow. Even there his eloquence was not relished, and often as he entered the church to officiate as minister of the day he had the mortification to see crowds quitting it be- cause "himsel"-thatis.Chalmers himself-was not on duty. Though his preaching was not admired, his personal character waa held in great esteem, and by force of personal inter- course he drew many to the church who would otherwise have never entered it. In one case he managed to inveigle a cobbler who professed infidelity by talking to him about leather. Irving's father was atauncr,andhisacqiiaintancc with leather was of old standing. '. What ! do i/e ken about leather ?" was the first word from ¿be cobbler that indicated a breach in his im- pregnable disdain of the clergy. As the dis «coiwae advanced the shoemaker exclaimed, "Od, you're a decentkindof fellow! Do yon preach?" Finally he was induced to go to church, and he defended himself for so doing by pronouncing this opinion on Irving:-"He's a sensible man, yon; he kens about leather." Irving removed to London in the year 1822, being then thirty years of age. He carno at the invitation of the Caledonian Chapel in Hattongarden, where a small sprinkling of Scotch assembled together. Before he was a year in the metropolis, ho who had been so unpopular in Scotland became all the rage. Chalmers had described his sermona as like Italian music, fit only for a select audience. Irving came to London full of expectations. Shortly before starting ho took a walk with a . friend, and in the course of it leapt a gate in the style of his more youthful days. " Dear me, Irving," said his friend, " I did not think Î'ou bad been so agile." Irving turned upon kim immediately :-" Once I read yon an essay of mine, and you said, ' Dear me, Irving, I did not think you had been so classical ;' another time yon heard me preach-' Dear me, Irving, T did not know you had so much ima- gination.' Now you shall see what great things I will do yet.' That he made no naino for him- self till he left hia native country is remarkable if we take it in connection with the advice which ho subsequently gave to a Scottish clergyman. " Tell him from me it ia a great advantage to bo out of Scotland for a while. Knox and,Mclville and almost all the reformers were so." One thing he felt most strongly the barrenness of Scotch theology^ As he waa ' leaving Scotland he said to his friends, " You aie content to go backward and forwaid on the 'name route, like this boat,"-a boat which was ferrying the party across the Gair-loch,-" but, us for me, I hope yet togo deep into the ocean ol' truth." Irving's London reputation waa made by Canning. A little knot of Scotch hearers crowded round him when he first caine south D.avid Wilkie, Allan Cunningham, and others. Amoitg these, who should come but Sir James Mackintosh, and he, ever generous in hia }}tcr¡iry verdicts, was delighted. Especially was he delighted with one pliraso which Irving let fall, when he spoke of orphans cast upon '. the fatherhood of God." One night in the House of Ooipinoiifi he reported the phrase to Canning. The latter wat, anxious to hear the tartan, and both ho and Moqkintosh went the following Sunday to the Caledonian Chapel. A few nights afterwards, from the Treasury Beneii, Canring had to rise and to make some remarks on clerical affairs. In tho course of his speech ha referred to the sermon which he heard from Irving'» lips as tho moBt eloquent that he liad ever listened to. That speech was the making of Irving. All the fashion of London flocked to him. _ His chapel was crowded to ovei flowing. His poweis grew ns encouragement increased, and ho rose into ' notoriety na the greatest pulpit orator of the dny. He himself ascribed his BUCCCBS to a very Bimple cause. Other preachois, ho said, " pre- pare for teaching gipsies, for teaching barge- men, for teaohing miners by apprehending their way of conceiving and estimating truth; und why not prepare for teaching imaginative men, and political men, and legal men, and scientific men, who bear the world in hand ?" Other preachers seemed to take in all its literalnesa the state- ment that the Gospel is foolishncsB, and they . The Hie of lad«uni Irving, member or tho National Pcotch Chinch, London -, illustrated by his journals and correspondence. Hy Mrs, Oliphant, 2 vois. London, Hunt and Blookett. addressed themselves, if not to fools, at least to stupid people ; he, taking the GoBpel for the wisdom of God, deemed it capable of interest- ing an educated audience,- and he addressed himself to the foremost intellects of his time. His style he had built upon Hooker, Jeremy Taylor, and Milton; and if in selecting that style he seems to exhibit some affectation, not a little vanity and love of effect, we are forced also to admit that never xvas man more sincere aDd absorbed in his work than he. It was peculiar to his stylo that whenever he entered a house he said aloud, " Peace be unto this house"-that when he encountered children he would lay his hands upon their heads and pronounce the benediction, "The Lord bless thee and keep thee"-that when he xvas opposed as a heretic by one of his brother ministers, he began his reply with the query,-" Who art thou, O man, that smitest me xvith thy tongue P"-and that when he was blamed for the delusions of Miss Hall, he exclaimed in the church court-" She is one of the lambs of my flock ; she ÍB carried in my bosom. Oh, she is one of the lambs of my flock ; and shall I bring one of the lambs of my flock, who may have been deluded and led astray, before a public court ? Never, never, while I have a pastor's heart!" The strength of his faith was wonderful. Once, when he was called to the bedside of a dying man late at night, he went forth at once. Presently he returned, and beckoned one of his f rienda to accompany him. The reason was that ho really believed in the efficacy of prayer, and held to the promise-'* If two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that ye shall ask, it shall be done." It was necessary, therefore, that txvo should go to the sick man, So, also, he had a child, that died in infancy, to whom he was in the habit of addressing '" words ot godliness, to nourish the faith that was in him," and Irving adds that "the patient heed of the child was xvonder ful." Ho really believed that the infant, by some incomprehensible process, could grasp what he was saying, and profit by it. His love for children was very great, and he, the most popular man in London at that time, might be seen day by day marching along the Penton ville streets of an afternoon, his xvife by his side and his baby in hip arms. _ The excitement which Irving created in London held the throngs together for hours. Tiley were first assembled for hours before he made his appearance, and then they listened to his lofty discourse for hours more. His sermon for the London Missionary Society was three hours long, and he had to take vest twice in the middle of it, asking the congregation euch time to sing a hymn. " I undertook to open Irvines new church in London," says Dr. Chalmers. " The congregation, in their eagerness to obtain seats, had already been assembled three hours. Irving said he would assist me by reading a chapter for me. He chose the longest in the Bible, and wenton for an hour anda-holf. On another occasion he offered me the same aid,adding, ' Icanbe short.' I said, ' How long will it take you P ' Only an hour and forty minutes," Still Irving drew the crowds. When he went through his native district ot Annandale the churches were too small to contain the crowds that gathered to his feet. He preached in the open air; all the churches around were closed in honor of the event, and pastor and people trudged together to hear this mighty Boanerges xvhose voice could be heard half *a mile off, and whose sentences could bo followed at the distance of a quarter of'a_ mile. At Edinburgh, xvhen he preached duringthe General Assembly a course of twelve lectures on the Apocalypse, the hour of his appointment xvas six in the morning, and fashionable crowds tossed out of bed at five in the May mornings to hear his marvellous oratory. His orations were not only good to hear, they are also good io read. They contain some of the noblest passages of eloquence that are to be found in the xvhole range of this species of literature. These sermons, by the way, had a large sale, going through many editions. But Irving complains that, in spite of these large sales, no could never get the re- ligious publishers to xvhom ho had intrusted his book to give him anything put a pitiful ie turn. It'is amusing to find bim in one letter complaining that there is neither grace nor honor in the religious booksellers, and request- ing his wife in negotiating the sale of his next x'enturo to " try Blackwood or some of theso xvorldiugs," in the evident expectation that " these vvoildings" xvere a good deal more liberal in their dealings, not to say honest, than those whom ho regarded as his peculiar friends, Irving's fame had a sad end, and his fall is chiefly atti ibuted to the intimacy of his ¿rela- tions with the eccentric Henry Drummond. Let us for a moment rush to that end, and see him engaged in worship, xvith his apostles and prophets around him. Among these is Henry Drummond, one of the most astute mon going, the wealthy banker, the xvitty member for Par- liament. Irving in his loftiest style preaches of righteonsuess and reconciliation. In the course of his high argument he is interrupted again and again by hearers xvho are moved by the spirit to utter their thoughts. Drummond several times interrupts him with these utter- ances, of which the following is a sample : " Ah, be ye xvarned, bo yo warned ! Te have been warned. The Lord hath pre- pared for you a table, but it is a table in the presence of your enemies. Ah, look ye well to it ! The city shall be builded ah ! every jot, every piece of the edifice. Be faithful each under his load-each under his load ; but see that he build with one hand, and with a weapon in tho other. Look to it-look to it. Ye Have been warned. Ah ! Sanballat, Sanballat, Sanballat; the Horonite, the Moa tiite, the Ammonite ! Ah ! confederate, confe- derate, confederate, witli the Horonite ; Ah ! look ye to it, look ye to it !" Imagine this rant uttered by the member for Surrey, xvho could tell us as ho told the story of the little pig that squeaked because it could not get a teat. It xvas by slow and gradual steps that Irving reached this descent. Wo have seen that on leaving Scotland he lamented the barrenness of theology, and promised to launch his bark on the ocean of trntfi. Ho did launch it. A friend got his ear and incited him to the study of un- fulfilled prophecy. That roused his fancy and gave him a taste for novelty. He preached the speedy c'oming of Christ in the clouds to judge the world. Ho mingled this with other doc- trine as to the nature of the incarnation and as to the extent of the redemption, xvhich xvere not palatable to the old, rigid Calviniste. Finally,_ as he has been led to look for tho ma- nifestation of Christ, solilso he began to look for the coming of the Holy Ghost. His assist- ant, Mr. J. A. Scott, xvas at this time, earnestly inquiring into the problem which the Catholic Church lins again and again asked itself, and has never fully answered-" Why are thei enow no miracles ? Why is there now xvantmg the power of the Holy Ghost, xvhich in the first ages of the Church xvas abundantly manifest ?" "Scott urged the inquiry with the logical force and power of statement for xvhich he is celebrated, and Irving listened to his assistant xvith the most anxious attention. Butxvhatwns in Scott's mind only a doubt and inquiry grow in Irving's mind into a result and a decision. " No," he said, " the age of miracles is not past; the baptism of the noly Ghost is still upon us; i he gift of tongues has not passed away." And BO he encouraged all the non- sense and excess of fooliBh men and hysterical xvonien, who pretended to speak under the burden of the Lord, and to heal the sick by the laying on of hands. First, the Presbytery took him to task; he resisted their jurisdiction, and in this lie xvas supported by his con- gregation. Then his congregation grew tired and complained to the Presbytery, and both together expelled him from his Church. Next, the Presbytery that ordained liim deposed him from his office. Friends remonstrated.und when their remonstrances were of no avail began to fall off. Irving found himself hurled from the pinnacle of famo into obacuiity and con- tempt. He was driven from the Church ol his fathers and forsaken by his friends. The stout licait felt the stroke, and all the moro so that one of its stiongest impulses was the love of approbation. He did his best to benr up against the load of trouble and the sense of reproach, but health anl strength gave way. Disappointment never soured his temper, nor ruffled his spirit xvith any unkind thoughts but it Biirely undermined his power. Ho xvent on his way praying, preaching, trusting in God, never for one moment faltering in his faith. Notwithstanding his sense of failure, there xvas a sublime culm and content about him-an invincible " trust in the Lord." His deatli carne to all as a sudden blow. His last words were, " If I die, I die unto the Loi d. Amen." And, hearing of his death, all xvho had sternly resisted him before, sought to re- member only these words, and to bury in his grave all memory of xvhat was erratic in his brief but brilliant career. He died at the early age of 42. ) 