CROAKERS AND BAKERS. [to IHE ED1T0B OF THE " BAXKEB."] Sin,—Audi alteram partem was once but is now the discarded motto of the Border Post. Its last shibboleth is " Capital Wanted !" Oh ! ye gods, little fishes, and edified readers of the vliguitoiis, ye know that " capital" must be scarce indeed when tlie sole hope of the expectant is the exhausted brain of a < Bedouin editor. Perhaps, c coming events" are beginning to " cast their shadows before," and the uext cartel mav|be, "Doughboys" wanted for the editorial platter. But, perhaps again, my conjecture is wrong ; the visions of " Doughboy" may merely be the crippled reminiscences of monster plnm-pudding and roasted oxen, whicli, after three days boiling and roasting, were devoured with such gusto by the "staff." But even Sr. L. L. Smith scorns employing emissaries to call him out of church, or to rush into the pit of a theatre, |like Hamlet's father's ghost, en deshabille, to wave for the Dr. by way of on advertisement. So, also, should the sojourners in Tadmor be scrupulous that no sort of collusion, however unworthy, may puff them into notoriety. Is " Dougljboy" simply an amicus curia ? or, does he body forth tlw latent genius of the Tria jmwla l If the former—then heaven knows he deserves a holiday, even were it proclaimed by a " prodigal municipality," which would declinc charitable oilers of gratuitous publicity OJ All the more good would such a holydsy do him, were it spent in prayerful meditation on " Zimmerman on Solitude -," Harvey on the Tombs or even on Locke; particularly the portion the last named author devotes to an " Essay on Telling the Truth." If the latter—then the real bodimcnt, the greatness of that soul is made appBrent; forewhile he accuses J. C. M. of sheltering himself from the consequences of the Act, under a species of " fancy" system, J. C. 11. cannot^ by any process of reasoning retort; seeing that no such fcney setting, typographical or otherwise, protects bis lucubrations. While some act as if they had a right to assume a nant of common sense in the public, I, for one, have never done so, and trust I never shall—like them— commit the blunder. All I attempted to show, was that the statements in the B.P. were incorrect. This much I did, and the writer of that article did not venture to re-assert his premises. He could only Berve up some " Doughboys," and in very .poor sauce, expecting, I suppose, that a meal of them would have the same effect on zue as a good dinner has upon an Englishman, and make me good natured. I ara not "'easily or often tempted into print; ne svtor ultra trepidant, is a maxim I apply to myself l very strictly. I handle no one's character; nor do I care to ba guided by what others may do. Some J might copy this to advantage; but. when wanton attacks are made, aud statements which cannot be t borne out by facts ore put forward to give them an air of justification, I think it only a duty to rebut them. But, while the H P. is deroting hybrid artides over our cliurge or la. for 51bs. of bread, it is quietly, and, is its oivn unobtrasire way, informing—the world!! tiiat the price of bread, in its own dear delightful Tadmor, is Is. for the 41b. leaf. Why not set the censor on this fuel? MTiy, after aU, state that " Harding sells at lOd," when tlie denizens of Morniugside were paying—if that word is correct—howerer to evade the libellous, say, deatirif with—Harding, shortly before, at a price of is. per 5lbs. of the " fancy" article. In conclusion/ Sir, as a fHrad of tlie H.P's-, I would advise it to iook out for subjects amongst the passing events of the district, whereon to improve, and where fair criticism will bo beneEciaJ^to the public interests, to point out abuses when such can be done, with come slight outlay of veracity; and otherwise look after the general weal of those who take in ! the paper. I beg to remain, &c.;, Albury, 21st May, IR63. 3\. C. M. Fbee Sel^ctioS.—OA Thursday, Denis Maloney, Oxlev, Victoria, took up 100 seres at Sloorwatha, county of Hume. Several other selections, we understand, are about to be made in this portion of the district. Fej-Coclekt Issoivenctes.—Following on, we presume, from tbe late proceedings in the case of Allan and Sharpe, a prosecution baa been commenced of John A. Kennedy, late puundkeeper of Albury, upon sundry charges of fnidulentlyalieuatiug property with the intent to defraud his creditors. . Tbe insolvent, was arrested this week, and the case will be gone into on Wednesday next at the Albury police court. "Whatever may be the result in thia case, as we have before signed, a few more of audi exposures would not be lost in tbe way of promoting honest trading. 