i ODXBB DOHAIK-The Bind of tba 13 h Regiment will perfo.m the fot lowing seleotion of masio (weather per. miling), at three o*olook p.m. Chndnotor. H. Prinoe. Programme : - Q liok ma»ob, "Tbs Oare," Jones i overture, " Le Ñczza di Figaro," M-zart ; waits," Boy BU»,' Mulgrave ; ee^eotlon, .< Ernanl," V»rdi; quadrille, " The Navy,", Godfrey; aeleolion, "ll Barbiere,' BOBSÍDI; polka mazurka," La Travia!!,? jD'Albett ¿galop». " Martha,"Bilae ; «God Save the Queen.' . Mr. BXBOH'S HOLIDAY TRIP.-It ia a prosf of the ex . llenoe of the entertainment at the Sohool of Arts, tbat tbongh commenced under very unfavourable olr oumstonoes, the otterjdarjoe. is gradually bat surely in* creasing ; and no doubt eän be entertaioed that Mr. Biroh'a " Holiday Trip," will era long Dumber many hundred tourists all anxious to tlalt tba many places of interest so piotortsquely presented on oanvas, or to secure as a fellow-traveller, the agreeable oicerone who by bis amusing conversation keeps oar imagioation »od our interest fully awakened. Moat of our readers will koo» some of the places represented, either from per. a^ral eoinlsanoV, or from description ; from tbs (teamer SaooeBB a Locdin bridge, across, to St. Petersbar« (hatf.way - through the journey), or ¿own to Lauterbranuen ia Switzerland, we bave Teminisaenoe,s that awtken some pleasing recollection«, and.the hilarity and humour of Mr. Biroh and taiB friends, «Uh their musical powers only tend to regret at the shor ness of tba boor; and ii partiog one oan only strongly* recommend to the attention of families thia very rati nal, truly amusing, and valuable entertainment* FXTENSIVE SALE OF BABB ANO VALUABLE. AITICLEB, -A' the new show rooms of Messrs, Bradley and New. ton, in Qeorge-strf et, are now on view a variety of arsiolea to be sold on Wednesday and Thorsday next, of a kind sildom submitted for pub io competition. The property ia in the assigned estate of Mr. H. M. Lindsay, who haa long been known aa tba eolleotor of choice and valuable articles. Amongst the things to be sold, are a pair of bronc* horses, said lo have been formerly the property of Horade Walpole, valued at two hundred guineas; a msgniflo'Ct dreBBiDg ea<e, superbly flited, silver gt t, mounted with gold centres, on rlohly out crystal » a min* iatore of tba P/inoeas Obarlotte | two cannons, oaet frtm guns saved from the Boyal George; a bronze group, " Dawn of Love," from the Munich foundry r, w.th many other things to excite the attention of the public. Yesterday there waa a large attendance at the rooms to inspect the properly. i THE CHAHPI NBHIP.-In acoardanes with om expies:ed Inlentijnon Wednesday last, wa bave banded B. A. W, Oreen the money iorfeited by Bobett Chimbara in the late propoaed metob for a ateond struggle for the Gbimploi Bhlp of the Thames.-Belli Lift in London. VfiNoriExn SCULL*.-AMAIEUB CHAMPIONSHIP OS THE THÎMÏS.-On Thursday, a large nnoiber of gentlemen met at Putney to witness the contest between Mr. Parker, who won the trial beat, and Mr. Vf B. Woodgate, tho holder, bot unfortunately they were doomed tu dis« appointment, Mr. Woodgate, through severe iodlspo. aliion, <t the putionlar request of bia Meads, being foroBd to al ow Mr.Parkerto row ovar. No doubt à »aa over the same course «Ul bt auMgsd at a future perloii -¿e'f'« hife ia London, Birx wo, LORD or ii nu»,-A o original prairie dram*' of thia name, wr'iten'by Mr, Edvard Reeve*, wis played at the Vittoria Tbeatra last evening, for Ibo first time in Sydney, Ibe boise being crowded io all' partr, Tb« prodastlon of a tragedy on a subject f om a moat interest, ing period of history ii of itself an inoident in drametlg annals that «oüotfail tobe attract ire not only to tbe lovers of theatrical amusement, bat also to the historical BI o dent and the mao of intelleot ; conon mote BO wbtn tbe aathor ii a resident oiu'zän, not unknown in tbs lite» »ry world. Waat of apioe, however, prey nts oar devatiog more tben suffialenl for amere outline of tbs evtiots. In the early part of tbe J2 b eeo (dry, tito greatfamili-e ooatended for eapremaoj in Cerntral Earopp, _tbs TFe(/i and. tbe WaiSiingen; the representative of the former being the eelibi.lvd Beary tbe Uon, (or lion's Whelp,-wbeno; the term Welt) Dake of Saxony, (and from this , family oar own royal family traces lineal desoent) ; Waiblingen were represented by Frederio Ibe Soab:an (father of Frederic Barbarossa), brother to tbe Kmperor Conrad UL, tbe hised of tbe great H'oheostaofen race. As otber States, mora especially those of Italy becime involved in the straggle, >be party nimes gradually asinmed a more Italian form,, and were known in tte taoeeeding oenlnry as the Gael's and the Gbibellines, and in Florenoe, as tbe iiaiirtf aod tieri, Tbe oontest spread at length mora and more widely, and became an obstinate etiuggle between two' polilioal parties. Unlike many of the ciepntes cf the' middle agas.'it WBB not a mere familj quarrel: it waa a strifa of opinions, involving important interests, oon. ducted of'.en with an otter disregard of justine end ix pedienoy, but still having great otjeota in view. In one' sense, it was tba early struggle of liberal element in' tba persons tf tba Gaelic, agiinst that of imperial power, as supported by the Ghibelline". Ats later period' itbeoanea contest between tbe secular and spiritual nn.>r. for tba nnrnoBB of sbakins oil the dominion of tbe Popes, "bio b, «(ter b»virig ooropleted ita proper «otk of tilting Europe from a state of barbarism,, «as . no» on tba point of crushing national independence. Tba Popes allied themselves with the leaders of the Gue fa, tbeGhibellines join'ng the Emperors wbo refused to eoknowUdge tbe Papal supremacy. Early in the 18th oenlury, Freaerigk IL bad defeated the Gael Qa Milanese, who were, however, aided bj the great family of Torrean!,' whoBe bead, Pi g tn Della Torre, was chosen their prince. At the head ot a rival Ita'itn Gbibellin faction was £zz?lln da Bomana, son in law of Fri dario, and tyrant of Pddaa and Verona. The Gael's obtained a aeries of' HQoaeases-the" Divin J right" of the Gbibellloes was no loDg'T beaded, and after the detth of Frederia, hie son' Conrad IV. was emperor bat In barns. At his death in 1264, the claims of Oonradin were disregarded, and' Blobard, E»rl ol 0 .rowell, was eleoted Emperor-.though the varlojs States scaroely paid hjm allegiance. Thas far history, and thia is. the period J of- the play. We find Baymond D Ila Torre, (Mr. H. Ni Warner) a younger brother if Pawan (previously mentioned), as Prlnoe of " Milan in 1763. Ezzelin da Bomana (Mr. Burford), a son of the tyrant who bad been defeated- and hilled by tbe Torreani, but bad himself been saved by Baymmd, secretly aspires to the throne. Though pro. fessing friendship to Baymond, ee organises a oonspiraoy sgainat bim. Amongst those whom be seduoes to j-in him. are S*lcrmofMr, Appleton), a patriot, who is dis» gris ed with tbetyranm of lbs Torresni, bis friend Jallo Sfotz i (Mr. West J, . Milanese noble, and several others. The pope, Urban IV., is desirous of rlepreasicg the absorbing inflaenoe of the Torreanl, and,' himself a Gaelf, aenda their deadliest foe, the Imperialist Oltone Visconti ( Mr. Hali) to Milan, aa Archbishop. Baymond rejeota bim, having elevated to tbe See Ambrose (Mr. Musgrave), a distant relative of bis own, and: Visconti joins the conspirators. Ezzelin determines to o »rrj out bis leeoive, end, entering the ehamber of Baymond to tell bim of tba arrival of an ambassador from tbe Erxperor, attempts to stab bim; is disarmed and sent to prison. Tbe Emperor, demanding, by bi» ambassador (Mr. Howard), the iron crown of Milan,.' Baymond replies by placing it on bia own bead. Ia a conversation with "Ambrose, the Arohbishop, Baymond diaoloses the oanse of bis eeeret unhappiness in tbe faetof "his having murdered Z'lla, toe mistress of bis father, both of whom bad previously poisoned his mother. The ghost of Z ila (Mrs. MeGowan>rises, and foretells the fall of the boase of Terrean}.. Maria (Mrs. Poole), the wife of Bzzelin, but formerly betrothed to B»ymoDd, and still beloved by bim,' seeks the latter, and- reeeives from him the pardon of ber buabaod. The language in tbis scene is very lofty, and breathes the true, spirit rf poetry. Tbs Pope sends a legate (Mr. Welsh) to de. mand the elevation of Visauoti; Baymond dismisses him, and Vinoontl shows ? his doublai treachery; now against his friend, the Pape.. Baymond dsfeata an out« break of tbe people, fanned by the conspirators. Ezzalin, mw free, overheard bis wife apeak io her alerp of- Bay. mond-upbraida ber fearfully,.and abe defies bim. Sba dieoovers tbe new plot against Baymond's life, endea- vours to gain admiHBion to the palace to warn bim, ia taken prisoner, and EzzelingiveB ber to the conspirators, who stay ber. Salerno and Sforza refuse any longer to be the dupes of Ezeelin, and Salerno ria killed. Baymond and Ambrose, passing through the environs, meet the funeral procession of Maiy, and Baymond, by biB agony of grief, disoloBes bis présenos to the con.piiators. They rush on him and Jolio Sforza, who aids him; they are both stabbed.. Phillip Daile Torre, Baymond's brother, entera with bis felicwers, overpowers tba conspira'ors, kllla Ezzelio, and reeeives the «own (rom the dying prince, Baymond. Wa have been obliged . to.hurry over the latter eoenes, which. ?are fall, of interest and oonatanteb'aoge of aoli'n. Tba language, too, throughout is refined and powerful, full of impassioned addresses, and poetical imagery. The same boundary, to our spaoe compels us to leave for a future .notice, general opinions as to tbe representation of eaoh obaiaoter;. but we may say that tba acting waa very ex. oellent, to Mrs. Poole, Mr. Waroer, and Mr, ' Burford .a genuine triumph beiog accorded. Mr. Appleton was like wis i very suoceBSlaj. There is Borne excellent soeoery painted expressly for this piece by Messrs. , Boihury and Habbe, amongst the most interesting being the oathedral of Milan by mocnligh'. The prinoipal . performers were oalled before the curtain at the end of eaoh aol ;. aad at the conaluiion of the play. Mr. Beere, tba . thor,, appeared in obedienoe to an enthusiastic ea l of the audience. Tbs. Castle Speotre waa played ,after the .tragedy, (a tremendous performance for one nigbt), intoduoing the wonderful Ghost illueioo,which oomtinues to be exhibited bare in a most triumphant manner. WAYÍBLBÍ. MuNictraxn? -This municipal oounoil mel for tbe transaction of business on Tuesday evening,, the Sib instant. Piesent-The Chairmen (Mr. J. 0. Raymond), Bud Mesare. Simmons, Dickson, Viokerj* Taylor, and Kemp. The minutes of last aonnoil meeting - read and confirmed. Mr. Simmons reported baving .ttended, on behalf of tbiB oounoi', a meeting of delrga'es from the several suburban municipalities, lo consider t'e amended Municipalise) Bill, now before Parliintent,, and gave to the oounoil a statement of business transacted at tba said meeting. Ou the motion of Mr.. Vickery, resolved-Tbat the thanks of this oounoil, be acarded to Mr, Simmons lot his valuable serrioes on the abcve oceation, and that be be requested to continue to represent the interests of this municipality 'at tba sall conference. A petition signed by. eight persons, householders and owners of property in Saliabury,stree», rt questing tbe oounoil to form a footpath on the south Bide of that street, was'read, ardoon tbe motion of Mr. Taylor, referred to improvement oommittee for their ' consideration and repor'. Beports-Mr. Simmons brought np and moved the adoption of a report from finança ot mmtttee, recommending the following ptymentl, to day labour:-For making Saliabury- etree', £18 lia. ;. for ballasting tbe Nelson road, £16 13°. 10d. ;. repairs to made roads, £4 11s., and sundry aeoonntB,,i¡'10 18s. ii.. Total payments, £65 14j, 2 Beport of oommittee adopter?. A progress report from improvement oom*, mlttee was brought up, giving details of work oompleted by day labour, end coBt thereof, and r> commending toat tb*, jnnotion of Warerley.sireel with South- Head Road, be reformed and ballasted at a cost not ec¿eeding £ o, tbs werk to be proceeded with forthwith. Mr. Dickson moved the adoption of Ibe report, wbloh waa carried, Beport No. 3 from, rame oommittee was brought up by Mr. Simmons and adopted, recommending that Ibe tender of Mr, William Sohneider for- quarrying OOO tona of ballast for the various worbB of the municipality, at ls, 8 ', per too,, be eooep ed by thia.oounoi. The Beting* surveyor's report and estimate of cost for forming tbs. Tr.falgar.road to tbe ooean waa read, and Mr. Simmons moved-That a pam of £13 be. expended towards form* lng the said, road, and tbat in. the event ci any further contributions being received for this work, that tl ey be supplemented by an equal amount from the funds of this oounoil.. A report and estimate from tbe aotinfc-surveyor of probable cost lor forming a footpath in Cowpar-street bom the Toll-bar to Vioioria.streBt, was then submitted to the coaooil. Ia referenao to tbis subj aot Mr. Sim« mona moved-That the oommissionerB of tho Baodwiok and Coogee road Hast ba applied to, rrquea lng them to acaperato with this oounoil in Ibo expinse of carrying out this very desirable improvement. Au amendment waB moved by Mr. Dickson-T. ai tho whole eurjeot ef a tratBfer ol the charge and oare of that portion of tba trust road within our boundaries be referred to a Beleol oommittee for consideration and report to thia oounoil. The amendment waa negatived, and the oiiginal motion put and curled. Two notioes of motion for considers* lion at next meeting «ere handed io by Mr. Birr mons-. aaa by Mr. Kemp, and one by Mr. Dickson. This QOM ciudad U» business, and tba oouncll ros»i 