THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA. (From the Special Correspondent of the Times.) Richmond, 8th October. "The spirit of liberty in the Southern States is more high and haughty than in the Northern. In the Caro- linas and Virginia they have a vast multitude of slaves. Where this is the case in any part of the world, those who are free are by far the most proud and jealous of their freedom. Freedom is to them not only an enjoy- ment, but a kind of rank and privilege. Not seeing there that freedom, as in countries where it is a com- mon blessing, and as broad and general as the air, may be united with much abject toil, with great misery, and all the exterior of servitude, liberty looks among them like something that is more noble and liberal. I do not mean to commend the superior morality of this senti- ment, which has as least as much pride as virtue in it; but I cannot alter the nature of man. These people of the Southern colonies are much more strongly and with a higher and more stubborn spirit attached to liberty than those to the northward. Such were all ancient Commonwealths; such were our Gothic ancestors; such in our days the Poles; each will be all masters of slaves. In such a people the haughtiness of domination combines with the spirit of freedom, fortifies it, and renders it in- vincible." Such were the memorable words uttered on the 22nd of March, 1775, in the House of Commons by Edmund BUrke, to whom more than to any other child of man it was given to look over the heads of coming centuries. The stranger who wins his way this day to Richmond will find the fullest realisation of these prophetic words on a far mightier field of action than was within the purview of their inspired utterer. It is not too much to say that the most fanatical believer in the ancient Union, be he Mr Seward himself, would despair of the faith that is in him, and acknowledge himself, in Victor Hugo's phrase, the somnambulist of a vanished dream," could he walk the streets of Richmond this day, and guage the spirit and feeling of its people after nearly 19 months of such warfare as the world never con- templated before. The streets are crowded, the hotels refuse to contain their shoals of guests; every- where the quietness and confidence of a people secure in its own strength is incontestably evident. Every- thing necessary for life, most things requisite for its luxurious enjoyment, as it is interpreted on this Continent, are to be found in abundance. There is absolutely only one commodity of which the absence is gravely felt, that commodity being ice. Does the Federal Government hope by such a frail rudder to steer the Southern Confederacy back into the harbor of Union? Of course, with many of the supplies sucked in through the most ridiculous of blockades, and trans- ported over the enormous area which separates Richmond from the cities of the southern seaboard, prices are high. The board and lodging in the hotels amount to 4 dols per day ; clothing and boots are ex- tremely dear, but are to be had by paying for them; medical supplies are scarce, but are constantly being introduced in not insufficient quantities across the Potomac and through the cities of the coast. And here, from personal experience, I may express my conviction of the utter impossibility of blockading the Potomac and the Ohio, and shutting off the South from supplies, along a frontier which from Fortress Monroe to distant Kansas extends some 1500 miles. If the whole Federal navy was concentrated in the Potomac, it would be utterly inadequate effectually to block the innumerable creeks and reaches of that river. Add to this that on both sides the stream dwells a population of which not more than five per cent, are in favor of the Union. In several coun- ties in Maryland the Provost-marshal is described as being the only Union man, and it will be believed that the life which he leads is none of the easiest. As for the draught in Maryland, it will be much worse than a farce. There are few able- bodied men left, and of those who remain how many will fight for the Union ? If any such there be, and they are ever led into action by Federal officers, how many of those officers will survive the first melee which they share with their disaffected troops? Along the Potomac there was, eighteen months ago, a very large proportion of the population averse to seces- sion, reluctant to embark upon, and loyal to the old flag. But with the war came the Federal troops, squatting-first upon Maryland soil and preying upon its entrails, without offering one farthing in compen- sation for cattle and sheep, hogs and poultry, maize and wheat, oats and hay, indiscriminately seized and devoured, to say nothing of horses stolen, houses and fences torn down and burnt, havoc and rapine scattered broadcast over the land. Next came Vir- ginia's turn. Starting from Fortress Munroe, and running westward to Winchester, scarcely a house within 50 miles of the Potomac but bears evidence of the Yankee greed and spoliation. In nearly every county the Court-house, ; in which the assizes for each county need to be held, is rudely demolished, doors and windows torn down, while within, upon the white walls, in every phase of handwriting, are recorded the autographs of the Vandals whose handiwork surrounds the beholder. Stories upon stories have reached me detailing how the wives of Federal officers, represented by my exasperated informants as having usually "hailed from" detested New Eng- land, forced their way behind the Federal Troops into the fine family mansions of the Old Dominion, and personally superintended the abstraction and transmission northwards of old family china, silver, glass, pictures, books, furniture, and pianofortes.: A Virginian lady, who remonstrated with one of these Yankee hen-harriers, engaged in packing up valued family china, was met by the rejoinder, " You are a rebel and have no rights that I am bound to re- spect; your property, therefore, is mine!" In short, such a picture of desolation as the northern frontier of Virginia and the lovely Shenandoah valley, the Paradise of America, exhibit, can be likened only to the Palatinate after Tilly's final visit, or to Attica, as Thucydides paints it, after the annual Lacedæmo- nian incursion during the Peloponnesian war. The upshot of this system of restoring the Union. will readily suggest itself to the reader. I have tra- yelled far and wide through Virginia; I have con- versed with men, women, striplings, and children in that State and in Maryland; I have seen men, for- merly substantial and thriving, whose everything has been devoured by the Federals; but never in one single instance have I heard a word of regret by reason of the war, a timid note sounded in regard to its issue, a sigh breathed over the departed Union, a ghost of a desire expressed in favor of compromise or reconstruction. On the contrary, one universal chorus echoes through the length and breadth of the land, "The net is broken, and we are delivered!" Mr Everett and his votaries, who still believe in imprisoned loyalty as existing in the South, might as well search in the British islands for a man who desired them to be annexed to France. So united, so homogenous a community as the States of the Southern Confederacy, finds no parallel in our own annals. no war that England has wages for a hundred years has met with such cordial, unanimous, undivided support. The war against the French Republic had its Charles Fox; the war against Russia its Richard Cobden. There is no such cha- racter in the Southern States. The victory of the Federals in this exasperated struggle means, not the defeat of the Southern armies, — not the possession of Richmond, Charleston, Savannah, Mobile, and New Orleans, which would no more lead to a conclusion of the war than the seizure of the Isle of Man. A Federal victory meant nothing on earth but the examination and annihilation of every man, woman, and child in the Southern Con- federacy. There is no passion, no frenzy, in the universal language.. The intensity of the hate flushes the cheek and clenches the teeth, but finds little expression in feeble words. If anything, the exuberance of animosity is more perceptible in the flashing eyes and eager earnestness of the wo- men; but the settled and unconquerable firmness of the men requires nothing to be added to it. The possibility of Richmond falling is calmly discussed, and preparations have long been made for such a contingency. Surprise is expressed that the Fede- rais have not long ago possessed themselves of several other Southern cities as well as New Orleans. The possession of a capital city in these days of rail- roads is a very different thing from what it used to be in the days of Wagram and Jena. Great suffer- ing might be inflicted upon women and children if Mobile and Charleston fell; suffering which there is only too much reason to fear would be most accep- table to the Federals, judging trom the record of their deeds during this last year and a half. But every considerable city in the South might be re- duced to ashes without changing the mood or under- mining the resolution of the feeblest heart, if any feeble heart there be, in the Southern Confederacy. It should be noticed, before leaving the subject in reference to the blockade, that, while four-fifths of the smuggling vessels on the Potomac and two- thirds of the seagoing vessels on the coast are inva- riably successful in their entrance to and exit from "Dixie's Land," there are occasional seizures effected by Federal vessels, which are made the most of by the New York press and in Mr Seward's despatches. As an instance, it may be mentioned that Mr Vizitelly, the well-known and popular cor- respondent of the Illustrated London News, has been singularly unfortunate in the despatches which during the last six weeks he has addressed to Eng- land, and which have, without exception, been sub- jected to moving accidents by flood and field. But the fact remains that the South, though sorely vexed by the blockade, is penetrated and reached by ves- sels every day and every night, and that, conse- quently, there is no such scarcity as the Federal journals have loved to paint. The influence of the blockade is felt in enhanced prices, but even here there is compensation. The South, cut off from external facilities, has been taught to look to itself for a thou- sand commodities which it once drew from the North, and of which it has now no alternative but to im- provise, however lamely and inadequately, the manufacture and production. It makes but little difference to a nation which is receiving little from abroad that exchange on Europe should be at a fabulous premium. But it is a serious and momentous circumstance for the importer at New York, and still more serious for the consumer whom he supplies, that exchange on England should rise from par or 109 to 135 and up- wards, when it is considered that such is the magni- tude of the New York imports that nearly a million and a-half of dollars are the weekly receipts from Custom's duties upon them. The South, poor in specie and thrown on its own resources, is unable to spend money ; but there are not wanting persons who assert that the compulsory absence of Southerners for two summers from Newport and Saratoga, and other Northern watering places will save enough money to pay not less than one quarter of the en- tire cost of the war. The blockade designed to beggar, will in the end strengthen and consolidate a nation which can waste nothing upon luxuries, and is carrying on its war at a cost the aggregate amount of which will fall far short even of the sum which has illicitly gone into the ravenous maw of the Nyms and Bardolphs of the North. It remains for me to recapitulate from Southern sources the narrative of the month's proceedings which followed the restoration of General M'Clellan to supreme command on the occasion of the head- long discomfiture of the forces commanded by General Pope. In connection with these battles the tra- veller's attention is called to a crowd eagerly sur- rounding the store of the principal bookseller in this town. Upon examination he will discover hanging in the window a coat, to which is attached the fol- lowing inscription:— "This coat was taken from the wardrobe of Major General John Pope, captured at Catlett's Station by Major-General J. E. B. Stuart, and directed to be placed at West and Johnston's with this inscription: " 'Taken from the man who said he never expected to see anything but the backs of the rebels.'" It will be remembered that General M'Clellan resumed the chief command of the Federal armies on the 2nd of September. On the 14th of that month he fought his first battle in Maryland, called the battle of South Mountain, against the rear-guard of the Confederates. No one is so willing to give M'Clellan credit for bringing his raw and demoralised troops into action upon so early a day as the Con- federates themselves. General Lee had witnessed their panic rout after the battles at the end of August, had seen Pope's shattered columns driven like huddled sheep into Washington, and it was not unreasonable to suppose that a considerable time would elapse before they would again leave its shel- tering fortresses. The only step by which it was possible to inspire confidence was taken, and General Mclellan was reappointed. To him, and to him alone, is due the credit for reorganising and rein- spiriting his broken hosts, and it is freely accorded to him in this section of the country. It appears to have been General Lee's principal design, when he crossed into Maryland, to seize Harper's Ferry, and to test the spirit of the Mary- landers by his temperate proclamation. In order to be unmolested in his attack on Harper's Ferry, he threatened Pennsylvania from Hagerstown, throwing Governor Curtis into hysterics, and animating Bal- timore with the hope that he would emancipate her from the iron tyranny of General Wool. He had little serious expectation of being able to reach Pennsylvania, but if General Pope had been con- tinued in command, and Maryland had been more free to act, there can be no doubt that Baltimore and Washington would have fallen. But when M'Clel- lan took the field, and the army's confidence again sprang aloft, General Lee had no other purpose on the soil of Maryland than to capture Harper's Ferry. General Jackson, after Teaching Harper's town, fell suddenly and silently back upon Harper's Ferry, and enveloped it closely upon every side. At this moment the fame of M'CIellan's early ap- proach, with the design of reinforcing Harper's Ferry, overtook General Lee. He immediately threw General G. Hill's division of from 12,000 to 15,000 men back to a strong position upon South Mountain, where, on the 14th of September, General M'Clellan attacked them with not less than 70,000 men. The Southerners fell slowly back before this imposing force, but not without inflicting upon it such a loss that it was not till the 17th September that M'Clel- lan forced on the momentous battle of Antietam Creek. The morning of the 17th found General Lee strongly posted, but with not more than 45,000 men when the battle commenced. For once the Federal papers, which are in the habit of representing that their armies are but handfuls of men fighting against overwhelming hordes of rebels, do not claim that their alleged victory was won against superior num- bers of their opponents. How great the disparity was at the commencement of the battle is probably known to General' M'Clellan. It is believed by President Davis, whose calm and dispassionate opinion will command more respect in England than the rhapsodies of the Federals, that the Southerners were at first outnumbered more than three to one. At noon the ubiquitous Jackson threw himself and his division (possibly 12,000 men) upon the right wing of the Federals. He had previously forced the garrison of Harper's Ferry to surrender to a man, taking all their arms, munitions of war, and cannon; and, though delayed longer, than was expected, he arrived soon enough to attack M'Clellan. The ground won in the morning by the Federals, who were in tremendous force upon their right wing, was swiftly recovered, and held until the end of the day. At four in the afternoon General A. V, Hill's division came up and joined the Confederate fight. It was well that General Burnside's advance on the Federal left was so long delayed, and was eventually made with overwhelming numbers. The day closed with General Burnside clinging closely to the bridge, be- yond which he could not advance, with General Jackson on the same ground as the Confederates held in the morning, upon as level and drawn a battle as history exhibits. But it was fought for half the day with 15,000 men on the Confederate side, and for the remaining half with not more than an aggregate of 70,000 men, against a host which is admitted to have consisted of 180,000 men, and may have been much more. No battle of the war has done more to con- vince the Confederates that it matters little what is the disparity of numbers between themselves and their foe. The old and insolent contempt of their enemy originally held by the Southerners in this war is confirmed and ratified by the experience of the last 19 months. This, then, is one of the battles with respect to which General M'Clellan, admitting a loss on his own side of 15,000 men, estimates his enemy's loss at about 25,000 dead, wounded and missing! The reader who remembers the position occupied by General Lee's forces will smile at General M'Clellan's credulity. True it is that many Con- federates, who have more regard for General M'Clellan than is felt by his own Government, affirm that the despatches put forth in his name are rarely his own fabrication. I am told by the highest authority than the official statement, comprising the most minute details of the Confederate loss at the battle of Antietam Creek, estimates the whole loss in dead, wounded and missing at 6000 men., Another circumstance is noticeable. A federal loss of infinite magnitude would evoke to sigh of sympathy, no moment of sadness, except so far as it was supposed to defer the restoration of the union. But the whole Con- federacy bewails the 6000 victims at Antietam Creek with brotherly affection and sympathy. Nor is that appalling indifference which amazes and paralyses the spectator in Washington and New York affected here. Scarcely a lady but wears mourning, proud to display that she has lost a rela- tive fighting in a cause dearer to her than life; scarcely a person but speaks sorrowfully and with affliction of a loss which seems to them appalling, though not much more than one-third of that inflict- ed upon their poco curants foe. That the battle in question was no Federal Victory is best evinced by the inaction on both sides on the following day, Thursday passed and no attempt to press General Lee was made, notwithstanding the enor- mous numerical superiority of his foe. At length slowly and unmolested, on the night of Thursday, having effected the reduction of Harper's Ferry and fought on equal terms with the enemy, the Southern army was drawn to the southern bank of the Poto- mac without losing a cannon or wasting a life. We come next to an episode in the war which is naturally ignored by Mr Stanton and the Northern press. It appears that, discovering his enemy had retreated across the river, General M'Clellan on Saturday, the, 20th of September, threw some 300 men across in pursuit. The movement was ob- served by General A. P. Hill, who left a few field- pieces in position, from which he fired feebly upon the advancing Northerners, giving orders to his men to retreat, hastily as they approached. The Federals rushed on the guns, and followed eagerly after what they imagined to be a broken and panicstruck foe. But when they had got about a mile and a half General Hill opened upon them with grape and canister, and the slaughter is described as having been the most appalling which the war has witnessed. I am assured that not one-tenth of the invading force escaped — that the river was literally choked with the bodies of the dead and dying, who had rushed into the stream and struggled frantically with each other to escape the pursuit. It is evident that the lesson taught on that day to General M'Clellan has borne bitter fruit, and that his pursuit will henceforth be more wary. In fact, there is great reason to suppose that his next move will be not against General Lee at Winchester but against Richmond by some new approach. We hear that a large force is gathering in Hampton Roads, and it is thought that the next, approach against Richmond will be by the south bank of the River James. 'With his right resting on the river, and his left thrown southwards, into the interior, M'Clellan may attempt another advance. It would ill become me to disclose the preparations which await bim at Drury's Bluff (called by Federal papers Fort Darling), and elsewhere; but it is safe to assert that he will find the lower bank more diffi-. cult of access than he has already found the upper. Nothing is more likely than that the withdrawal of many troops from before General Lee will open Maryland again to the latter. The Federals have just as much as they can do to keep roofs over their heads in Washington during what remains of fighting weather. The mysterious announcements of the Northern papers that some great movement is in con- templation excite little interest or apprehension here". The experience of the past gives such confidence about the future that it is felt no Northern army will ever capture Richmond without such an effusion of its own blood as would change the howl of North- ern exultation into a nation's wail of woe. Well may a nation be confident of winning its in- dependence which can exhibit such spectacles as every day produces wherever a Southern army is in the field. There, in poverty, hunger, and dirt, shoe- less, with shirts ragged and rent, often without hats, their feet bleeding as they drag their weary limbs through dust and brier, are serving in the ranks the gentlemen of the sangre seul of the South. Many a man who, until the commencement of this war, had scarcely a thought beyond the Café Foy and the Boulevards of Paris, and to whose morning toilet every diversity of cosmetic was as necessary as water, has for months been marching under a mus- ket; without one single change of raiment, feeding often on green maize and raw pork, lying at night on the bare earth, with a single blanket between him and the canopy of beaven. Where all are fear- less it were invidious to select one State in preference to another as bearing away the palm; but it seems generally conceded that General Butler has converted the sons of Louisiana mothers, the husbands and brothers of Louisiana wives and sisters, into demons of more than earthly ferocity. And these men, many of them bearing some of England's most honored names, and descended from England's best families, are in the field, and have been so for 19 months, fighting against mercenaries who have repudiated England as though she were governed by a Nero, and have escaped from German penury and conscriptions. Whatever may have been the truth last winter, it is not pretended now that the Northern armies are not mainly composed of men of foreign birth! Where are the native Americans of weight and influence serving in the Northern ranks? Why does not Wendell Phillips take the field? Men older than he is are serving by dozens in the Southern ranks. Where is Charles Summer's musket? The Senate could spare Sena- tor Baker, in nowise Mr Summer's inferior in in- tellect, and it were a noble answer to the South, which sneers at non-duellists for want of courage, to show how one of that class can comport himself upon the perilous edge of battle. It is but too pro- bable that with unopposed command of the sea and the great rivers during their autumn floods the South may lose thousands more of her sons, in addition to that great sea of blood which has already been cheerfully poured out in her de- fence. But let her be left without a single city or village, with nothing but her internal fastnesses and her immense area of territory, and though every man in the North under fifty were to take the field, they would be insufficient ever to make such a nation as the South lie at the feet of her enemy. The two races have come into collision: on one side an aristocracy, agricultural, sparsely settled, given to field sports, living in the saddle; on the other, a democracy, which has been travelling down- wards for 80 years, which is numerically four times as strong as its opponent, which breathes only an atmosphere of dollars, and has no aspirations beyond commercial gain. Which is the more fit for the conduct of war? It is not too much to say that but for their gunboats the Yankees would, before this time, in American phrase, have been "whipped out of their boots" by a population scarcely more than one- fourth of their number. But in the South, in spite of its lawless population, a certain rough disci- pline is not impossible, and an incident which occurred two days ago in this city "has never been attempted in the Northern hosts, — the exe- cution by shooting of two désertera, and the admi- nistration of 60 lashes to a third. Such executions have already not been unfrequent in the South; whereas, in the North, after the defeat of Pope, hun- dreds of deserters; crossed the Potomac every night, of whom it is not improbable that 40 per cent. have again enlisted, accepting the enormous bounties prof- fered by the North. If any man desires to gauge the reckless and extravagant waste which has from the first characterised all the Federal operations in the field, let him notice the fact that on both sides the Potomac it is hard to meet a man or boy among that amphibious population who has not a Federal jacket, cap, or pair of trousers. It is also safe to assert that in mere practice the Federal officers, naval and military, have fired away more powder than has been expended in anger by South. 