SEVENTEEN YEARS AMONG THE ABORIGINES OF QUEENSLAND. About three months ago a white man was found among a tribe of blacks to the northward of Port Douison. He had been carpenter on board the ship Peruvian, which struck on a coral reef seventeen years ago. The crew, with the captain and his wife and seven passengers, got on a raft. After being tossed to and fro for about a month, the weakest began to die off, and the survivors used their dead bodies as bait to catch sharks. Forty two notches showed the number of days they were on the raft, and of the twenty-seven souls that left the ship only seven (in- cluding the captain and his wife) remained alive when it reached the shore. Two of the men never recovered from the state of exhaustion in which they landed. One (a sailmaker) started by himself in a native's canoe with the intention of coasting along to New South Wales. His body was afterwards picked up in the next bay. There were then left only the captain, his wife, his son, and James Morrill the carpenter, and now the sole survivor. The blacks treated them kindly; and numerous tribes came from all quarters to see the wonderful white men. One of these tribes came a long way from the south and the four survivors determined on re- turning with that tribe, so that they might get nearer to the settlements. Soon after- wards the boy sickened and died; six weeks afterwards his father, the captain, died; and within four more days his wife was dead-apparently from despair and a broken heart. Morrill was now left alone, and he determined to go back to the tribe he iirst met. He did so, and for seventeen years never saw a white man. At last, the news arrived that strange animals which he knew to be horses and sheep, had been seen; and he started in search of them. He was now afraid to approach the huts and yards for fear he should be shot; so he went to a water-hole, washed himself as white as lie could, and when he got near the huts he sat down and tried to re- member some of his English. He then got on a fence and shouted "What cheer! shipmates!" No wonder the shepherds were alarmed. They came out with their guns, when he tried them again with "I'm a British object!" Of course mutual ex- planations ensued. Morill has written or dictated a pamphlet from which we have gleaned these facts. From that pamphlet we extract so much of it as refers to the manners and customs of the aborigines among whom he lived so long:— The aboriginals among whom I have been living area fine race of people, as to strength size and gene- ral appearance; but like those of other parts of this colony, they are treacherous, jealous and cunning. They are not black, they are more of the colour of half-castes. When born thev are nearly white, but when they are three days old, the gins squeeze their own milk on them and rub charcoal into their skins to make them black and shine. They have sunken eyes, broad noses—which are made so by their parents in infancy—and broad mouths. The infants are allowed to suck at the breast a long while, indeed, until they are old enough to get their own food. I have seen a child sucking at the breast with its next brother or sister. I have also seen the little things working in the swamps with their mothers, getting roots, and every now and then go and take a suck at the breast. The women have very few children, seldom exceeding four, and very seldom more than one at a time. I know of about four cases of twins. I also remember that in one case when there was a boy and a girl born to a woman, the father killed the boy and saved the girl—to save the trouble of bringing them up-for they are very lazy. It caused however a great disturbance in the camps among their friends, who thought they ought to have brought them up. The women go in the swamps the next day after their confinement as usual to gather food as though nothing had happened. The men have several wives—in some instances as manv as eight or nine — and it is about their wives that ail their wars, fights, and feuds occur; thev steal them from each other and frequently lend them, or sell them for a time, for a slight consideration. They never stay long in a locality, as one place becomes a little exhausted of food they travel to another. In the wet and cold season they put up small gunyahs to live in, but in no particular order They live in tribes each tribe speaking a different dialect it can hardly be called a different language: I could speak eight of these dialects. They have no chiefs—the strongest is the best man. They get their livening by fishing, hunting, digging in the earth for roots, gathering fruits, & c. They can cat anything; among other thinns sharks, alii- gators, shrimps, shell fish, and fish of all kinds. Kangaroos, rats, wallabies, snakes, grubs, snails, and all kinds of creeping things. Wild ducks, geese, turkeys, several kinds of roots, one of which grows at the tops of the mountains is the best eating, called (moogoondah) it is white, sweet, firm, dry, and grows in red clay soil. There is another, lower down, on the foot of the mountains, in the scrub, called mal- baon), which is soft and more moist, and is very nice eating. There is another root rather of a stickey nature when cooked grown on the mountains not in the scrub, but in the grass, and white like a turnip with a small thin leaf, called (cornool). There is another, smaller and darker in its colour, but in other respects very much like it, called (cahnan). Another, a creeper which grows on the high banks of the fresh water rivers, with a small green leaf the leaves very thick, called (booga). There is another, similar to a turnip. but smaller, called (manoon). There is one which runs in and out among the grass with a little blue flower, called (cardoola or carlmbar) and many others more or less like them. They have several kinds of fruits a plum, very large, but very little flesh on it, all stone nearly called (caran gacan or galubba). There is a small current, very blue in color, but nearly all stone, called (morgah madda). A wild banana, full ot black seed, and very little flesh. There is also a white berry, similar to the white currant verv sweet, called (mooray). There is a fruit like an apple, called (barkbah), A red fig, called (conc- arah); and a black one, called {ballamoo). The bread fruit grows on the mountains, (murgurddh). It will not be considered out of place if I publish the following application of information I gave Monsieur Thezet, of some of the natural pro auctions I have here alluded to, written by that gentleman, and which appeared in the Rockhampton Bulletin of the 14th of March. I have no doubt it will be read with interest bv botanists and the scientific world. "The importance of Morrill's ex- perience would have been practically illustrated and his sevices been at the disposal of the late lamented Victorian Expedition, by the pre- servation of Burke and Wills' lives, through his knowledge of indigenous articles of food, and the consequent certainty of their ultimate return to re- late their own achievements. But fate otherwise willed it, and Providence appears now to have con- ferred upon us a means of averting the recurrence of similar disasters. With the above preface, then we will at once plunge in medias, res and com- mence our botanical recapitulation with the native small plum, aboriginally known as the Bolemo botanically as the Ficus aspera, R. Br, a shrub occasionally verging into a smalt tree, and pointed out by Morrill on the northern range of the Fitzroy This plant can be readily identified by its oval dark green leaves, which, like its specific name, indicates its singular roughness. The milkv juice of the young shoots is employed by the natives medicinally and is represented by Morrill, from personal experi- ence, to be very efficacious in healing wounds. After the application of the milky juice of the Balemo, the scraped root bach of the Ourai, or Grewia of botanists, a genus belonging to the Tiliaceae order, is employed as a poultice to the wound—it is to be presumed from its emollient pro- perties, as a counterbalance to the acridity of the Balemo. The Ourai or Grewia grow abundantly near Rockhampton, and has a large alternate oval serrated leaf, tomentose beneath, bearing as fruit a very small brown berry generally in pairs, on a small axillary peduncle. The Rockhampton tribe call this plant Karoom, the two plants, the Balemo and the Ourai, are the only two Morrill could identify in the Rockhamp ton flora as in use by the natives both medicinally and as edibles. The following are the other vegetable foods from which Morrill derived a considerable portion of his sustenance. The Bar- kab, or botanically, Barringtoma Careya, Roxb, occasionally locally denominated the broad-leaved apple tree, very common in out rich alluvial soil, bearing a handsome pink and white flower; the fruit is full of seed, and tasting not unlike a dry banana. According to Morrill the bark of the stem of the barkaba is used by the natives for stupefying fish in fresh water; and, stange to say, the bark of the root for the same purpose in salt water. The Kaourou, or Nymphaea gigantea. Hook, the well known blue water lily, common in our lagoons, is another edible plant, its seed and root forming an important item of aboriginal diet in addition to another aquatic plant termed the Kournabai, may be a Triglochia(?), with a yellow flower and a root considered as a great delicacy. The Kadolo or Phascolus rostratus, is one of our small, creeping, leguminous plants, with three narrow, long sharp pointed leaves, upon a common stalk, bearing a flower not unlike our cul- tivated pea, and root compared by Morrill to our carrot, growing abundantly in every plain, valley, or creek bank, and constituting a prominent feature of native gastronomy. The Banganga, or Nargan is probably Caladium macrorhizon (?) Vent., colonially known as the Creek Iilly, with a large poisonous root, employed as a native food, after a peculiar preparation too long for present explanation The Ulorin of Morrill is the small, egg shaped, slightly acidulated fruit of the Carissa Ovata of R. Br., and with the previously mentioned Nargado, palm nut, or Cycas media, the Taberio. Leichhardt tree, or Nouclea Leichhardtii—Fd Muelier: the native plum. Owenia cerat sefera—F. M. the large pomegranite fruit Capparis Mitchellii; the Pink Lilly, or Nelumbium Leichhardtii, two species of Yam; Dicoreoe and the Morgogaba, native banana, or Musa Jackii, very abundant round Mount Eliott, and, according to Morrill, extending far inland, constitute the catalogue of plants it has been possible to identify. But at the same time to assist botanical research in the comparatively un- known north-eastern flora, the aboriginal names of several other plants are appended, including the Kanoul, Kanane, Boan, Balboun, and Mogondal, whose roots or bulbs were employed by the natives as food." Some cocoa nuts used to wash ashore sometimes. I suppose from the other islands, as I never saw them growing in my rambles. There is plenty of honey in the hollows of trees, from the native honey bees. They eat honey, combs, bees and all if they are hungry. There is plenty to eat if they are not too lazy to fetch it. Human flesh cannot be con- sidered a part of their food, although they some times eat it. They eat young men killed in battle, or if killed by accident, also young women and children, but never those cf their enemies. They cut their enemies up in stripes dry them, and distribute the pieces through the tribe, by which means they have their enemies'' strength added to their own, and that they will be lucky in hunting and fishing. They have no "written language whatever, and consequently very little tradition. It is very gutteral in sound and extremely limited in power of expression. Of course they have on means of teaching their language but by imitation and memory, assisted by their wants. The different animals are arranged according to the size of their feet, hence the sheep have the same name as their Wallabys (carcoon), all kinds of sailing vessels have the same name as their canoes, because they float on the water (croolgoora). The heavenly bodies are named differently, the sun is (ingia) which they think is a body of fire, because of its warmth, and especially so since they saw us light rag with a burning glass. The moon (iocrrboonburra), they say is a human being, like themselves, an I comes down on the earth, and they sometimes meet it in some of their fishing excursions. They say one tribe throws it up and it gradually rises and then comes down again, when another tribe catches it to save it from hurting itself. They accordingly think there is a new sun and moon every day and night. There is a large open space on Mount Eliott with not a vestige of vegetation on it, whilst up to the very margin of it is a thick scrub, and they told me it was done by the moon, who once threw his circle stick round it, meaning his boomerang, and cut it off. Throwing the sun and moon up by one tribe and catching them by another will easily be recog- nized as their explanation of the rising and setting of those bodies. They have no knowledge of the earth beyond the locality they inhabit. The stars and comets are both the same in name (mil oole - bued). They think the falling stars indicate the direction of danger, and that comets are the ghosts or spirits of some of their tribe, who have been killed at a distance from them, working their way back again, and that they come down from the clouds on the coast. We saw one this last dry season which they thought was one of the tribe who had been killed in war. They think all the hea- venly bodies are under their control; and that when there is an eclipse, some of their tribe hide it with a sheet of bark to frighten the rest. There was about 6 years ago an eclipse of the sun, nearly a total eclipse the only one I saw, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. I asked an old man what it meant, and he told me his son had hid it (the sun to frighten another of his tribe. But they are very uneasy during its continuance. They pick up a piece of grass and bite it, making a mumbling noise keeping their eyes steadily fixed on it till it passes over, when they became easy again and can go to sleep comfortably. They think they have power over the rain (dirgun) to make it come and go as they like. The rainbow (terrbare) they think is the clouds spewing fish in the lagoons, and roots on the hills, or something for their good, wherever the end points. They are very frightened of thunder (eegoora) and lightning (limulba) although I never knew an instance of any harm being done with the lightening. They have no knowledge of how they came into existence they think they live and die like dogs, but there is a kind of innate fear of death, and they have some thought that they will jump up whitefcllows; the reference before to their friends in the comets point to some undefined hereafter, but the knowledge of thc future is nearly obliterated. They told me that their forefathers witnessed a great flood and nearly all were drowned, only those who got on a very high mountain(birriringda). which is inland of the north bay of Cape Cleveland) were saved. I understood them to refer to the flood mentioned in Scripture, especially as they say only a few were allowed to go up. They can only count five (Woggin )]. (Boolray), 2 ( oonjoo) 3 (Maouroul) 4, (urga) 5. For any number beyond these they put up their ten fingers together; beyond that again, the ten fingers of another person, and so on for three or four persons, till they came-to a moon; and when they have refer- ence to fish, roots, or things in general they only say a few or plenty. They measure time by moons and wet and dry seasons, The language is very irregular and seems to me totally impossible to systematise it in any way. The following is a list of the principal words:- Nannie-earth Kjugabah—fire Doongalla—water Ingin—sun Wurboonburra—moon Nilgoo'crburda—stars, comets Durgun—rain Terebarc—rainbow Teegoora- thunder Timulba—lightning Moggoor— clouds Bundara—shy Munyah—man Youngoorah—woman Mowdruman—boy Murgunman—girl Co aman—babies Deenah—feet Tabarav—legs Toobun -arms Cabankabun—hands Coode— heads Teeburra—eyes Deeragun—ears Weir—hair Telli—tongue ... Tingool—teeth Moo in - lips Mooda Mooda—neck Ugar—breast Nhamoon—teats Booloo—belly Doolga—back Woo goora- canoe, ships Cargoon—sheep, named after small kangaroos on the mountains Cockool—cattle, named after large kangaroos Oombal-horses. named alter dogs Oodra -kangaroo, large, on the plains (male) Bourgoola—ditto ditto (female) Condoola—Emeu Prorogwan—native companion Moongun—opossum, or wild cat Munbrebare—dying squirrel Cunbulmule -wood, or kangaroo rat, because of the hoof of the foot being 'ike a kangaroo's Kooroongun— common rat Gungur—iguana, (green, harmless) there are three kinds of iguanas Coonbinmulla—light dark speckles, short thick tail (harmless) Coobirangil—all one colour, light brown (rather dangerous) Carbul—Carpet snake, very harmless and good eating Carmoomulle—black snake, yellow belly, lives both in water and on the land Othubuda—a long thin light brown snake, lives in the grass, to he bit by which is certain death. They have no antidote against snake bites Dungaburre-a large brown snake Bindebudda- a large brown snake, with red spots on his bellv, these are all good eating Moorynburra—turkey, named after the' red currant, because they arc very fond of it Booloon— albabross Noorgooral—goose Yamarah— duck Waboora—small Wadoolbil—large Queearil a—plenty Enugedy— enough, that will do. The natives get fire by friction, by rubbing two soft pieces of weed together the same kind, they generally use the wood or the black fig as being the easiest. They take a branch off a little thicker than your finger, slit it up and put it on the ground, the flat side upwards, and hold it down with their feet; they then take a sound piece, round and straight, about 12 inches long, and put one end on the flat side of the piece on the ground holding it up between their hands, and then commence rolling it rapidly between them, pressing it into the piece beneath, so that it begins to make a hole in it. as though they were boring it; after they have done that for a minute or two, they make a notch on the side of the piece at the bottom, so that the fine dust they make while the boring process is going on shall fall down on some dry grass they have there to catch it. they then repeat the rolling process till sparks come, at last pick up the dry grass with the dust in it, and blow it till it lights up. .The ceremony of making the lads young men, takes place about once every six years. remem- ber there have been four while I was with them. For eight or nine months immediately previous, they have to go in the bush to provide for them- selves. during which time they are never allowed to see a female, this is to test their fitness to take a wife. if they do see a female, they think they will waste away. After the nine months are over they are brought into the camp, cane rings are put on their arms and tightened very much, so as to stop the circulation of the blood. Their arms swell very much, which puts them in great agony. They are then left in that torture all night—their cries are terrible to hear. To keep their fingers from con- tracting and thus deforming them, they sit with their hands and fingers spread out on the ground, with the heels of their feet tightly pressed on them. In the morning they are brought out, in the presence of their mothers, sisters, and relatives; and just above and below the mark of the cane ring on their arms they make small incision - to let the blood flow and prevent inflammation. While this is being done, their mother, and relatives are crying and cutting themselves from head to foot with sharp stones, in token of joy at seeing them. When this is somewhat subsided, places have previously been provided for them to sleep under, with boughs to shade litem trom the sun, as thev could get no sleep of course during the night. White thev are sleep- ing the old gins go into the swamps and get roots to make cakes for them, by the time they get up in the evening while the men get all the young men's spears they have been carrying with them during the nine months they have been away, and fix them in the earth on a clear space in a semicircle, fasten- ing from head to head of the spears grass festoons. In the evening all I being ready, thev wake up. generally about 80 in number at a time, and they are each seated under a festoon in a reclining posi- tion. Then their sisters or female cousins lay with their heads on their swollen arms, to press down the swollen and cut places, and they believe nothing harmful will come of it after that. While they are laying there, a lot of cakes are thrown up and scrambled for by the lookers on, who had gone through the ceremony before them, thev then go to their several fires. In the morning they are taken a little way in the bush again, and dressed up with shells and the down of birds stuck on their heads, painted, and made to look to the best advantage, they are then brought back to choose and take their sweethearts and the whole ceremony closes with a grand corroboree. After this is over, there is a good deal of quarrel- ing and fighting among them. They steal the wives of the old and weak men, and daughters from their parents, whicn leads to fighting, and often extends between two tribes, and then there is a war, which is not, however, of a very sanguinary nature. They often get some terrible blows, and sometimes one gets killed. But they cannot keep it on manv hours, for they are forced to go and get supplies' in the shape of food in the swamps, and they seldom renew the conflict. They are very strict in their relationship. When girls are about ten years old they are not allowed to sleep with their brothers at the same fire. The intended mother in law of a young man, is not allowed to look at him, until such time as the before mentioned ceremonv is over. And as families they are very distinct. Thev burn their dead, and carry the burnt remains about in a sheet of bark, tied up about twelve months; and when tired of it they throw it in a water hole. Their tomahawks (buligoo) are made of stone, and latterly they have got a good deal of iron (binguburra) among them, with which they make a kind of chisel by fastening a piece between two pieces of wood at the end, with which they make their spears boomerangs, &e.; There is a very fine flax grown there, which they make great use of, in making their fishing and hunting nets. They make very good mesh nets. They place their net for hunting in the most frequented paths of the kangaroo or whatever they are hunting for, and they then go and eat them up and drive them in. They catch a great many birds with snares, merely loose knots, which arc placed in the thick g a^s and reeds in the swamps, and as the birds go through in quest of food, in the night they get caught. The country about Mount Elliolt, where I have been living, is well watered and grassed. It is very low and swampy in many place?. There is abund- ance of fresh water. At the top of Mount Eliott, there is a never failing spring of beautiful water which finds its way down exactly opposite sides of the mountain. It is such a thick scrub, and there is such an abundance of food in it. and plenty of water, that if the aboriginals were driven from the country all round they would find a safe asylum there. There are a great manv Alligators in both the fresh and salt water creeks, and particularly in one large fresh water lagoon. I have seen dozens of natives dragged down and killed by them. I had a scratch from one myself on my knee, the scar of which, I will carry to my grave. I was also bit by a whip snake, which made me swell up for two days. I have seen dozens die from the bites of snakes. I have frequently been asked if I knew whether it was a gold bearing country. Not having had any experience even by report of such country I cannot tell. I remember once when out, looking for colored earths, to paint myself with, I picked up a piece of what I thought to be coloured ochre, but it was very heavy and hard, I was quite surprised I also re- member once when on Mount Eliott. I was getting stones for tomahawks, &e;, that they were very much like those I have seen in the jewellers shop win- lows in Queen-street, with pieces ot yellow metal in them but whether it was gold or not, I never had a thought of. I should think it was not, if it had been, I think it would have occurred to me. The work of extinction is gradually but surely going on among the aboriginals. The tribe I was living with are far less numerous now than when I went among them. What with the wars, fights, destruction by the settlers and black police, and the natural deterioration in the people themselves, they are fast disappearing. During the time I was among them, I suffered a great deal from rheumatics, which has left its mark on me. so much so, that I have very little strength left, and I feel I should not have lasted long among them if I had not come away. It will perhaps he pardonable in me if I refer to a suggestion thrown out by a correspondent in the Courier newspaper, to the effect that the natives who were so kind to me should be dealt with in a similar manner, as those who succoured Burke, Wills and King. I would just call attention to what I pre- viously mentioned, almost their last wish to me was with tears in their eyes that I would ask the white men to let them have some of their own ground to live on. They agreed to give up all on the south of the Burdekin River, but asked that they might be able to retain that on the other, at all events that which was no good to any body but them, the low swampv grounds near the sea coast. It would be no good to send them flour, they would not eat it, not knowing anything about it; nor cattle or sheep, they would run away front them with fear, besides if they once understood the use of them as food it would make it more dangerous to the settlers. And of course thev know nothing of the use of tobacco. But as the cold season is coming on, a good blanket would he invaluable, so would some small tomahawks, knives, old iron hoops and fishing hooks. The Season* and the Oners.—The Cforcnec and Richmond Examiner says :—If the wea'ker does not continue fine for a mon'h or two, we think there will bo very little wheat sown in the Grafton district this year. "The ground is in such a wet state that there will be little pes* - sibility of getting it ready in time for the wheat sowing season. The Wagya TYupga Express says :—Our farmers have been for scrao time past oying out for rain. "Within the last two days their desires have Veen realised, copious showers having fallen on Thursday evening and Friday morning, and there is every appearance of a continuance. The rains to the southward have been still more heavy, and winter appears to have fdrly set in. The Courier says The weathrr continues remarkably n ild for the season of the year. During the night heavy dews fall, ard in the day time a bright sun gladdens the. earth. Never was the colony blc-sed with such splendid weather. Tho farmers are anxious for rain, as the ground in rnanv places is too hard for the plough, but the grass Ins the appearance of n frith spring. Where barley w*s sown last year, and three crops cub a little harrowing has been adopted, and a f urth crop has shut up and is ready for thn scythe. Block Ship for the K.vrboviu—Wc learn thu: in con pliauce with a request fr.-rn this col ny, the Home Government have consented to gr-mt us one of the old line of battle ships for use as a block f-hip. Two vessels are offered, one of them being an eighty gnu ship, and the other a steamer. The offer is couph d with cer tain conditions, one of which i«, that the vessel i* to b» pitted with iron and iitt* d up at the C"Rt of the colony. Whatever may bo the con ditions attached, we have no doubt that the offer will be accepted. It is suggested that the 'reight ins of the ship with railway plant and emigr&ut;* would go far towards un-cling 'he ■ sni'iop nf | fitting her up and bringing her out, —S'ldncu ti(rm 