SOCIAL AND MISCELLANEOUS. The amount of crime committed during the month has not been great, although several atrocious offences have been perpetrated. The most prominent were two outrages committed upon married women ; the one by a man named Robert Guest, on the person of Agnes Anderson ; the other by James Maloney on a woman named Jane Clark. In both cases tho prisoners had invited tho women, who had soma distance to travel, to ride upon their drays, and taking advantage of darkness and a lonely road, committed the outrage. In the first oaao tho prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to death, but in tho latter iustuuco tho complaint was only one of us- Bau't with intent, end n verdict of cf common assault was returned by tho jury, tlio prisoner being fined LIO. Amongst the minor offonoos, a oaso of " kleptomania" has exoited somo interest. A young lady namod Emily Harrington, who was stated to bo well oonuectod, was charged with housebreaking. She was ongoged as governess at a houso in East Melbourne, and some property stolen from tho young ladies was found iu Miss Har rington's possession. Drs M'Cren and Camp bell, on boing called on to giro ovidence, Btated thnt Miss Harrison had boon suffering from hyslcrical mania, and was in tho habit of unin tentionally appropriating other persons' goods. Tho cbargo not being proased, tlio Bonoh did not proceed with the case, but committed the young lady th tho o re of her friends, who woro requirod to find BHreties for her proper behaviour. Murrell, who was ecntcncod to tho gallows , lor boating his wifo to death at Bcaliba, is not to bo hung, tho exooutivo having commuted the sentence. This docision has been met with a good deal of oviticism, as tiio murdor was committed undor circumstances of poouliar brutality. Several accidents resulting in severe loss of life have happened during the month, and several disastrous fires have taken, place. Among these we may instance the Frankston tragedy, where three children were burned to death — a fourth, the baby, narrowly escaping the same fate, having been heroically rescued by the oldest child, a boy of seven or eight years, who himself perished in the attempt to save tho others. Another sad calamity oc curred at Spring Gully, Fryer's Crook, invol ving the death of two children and the destruction of a valuable store, the property of Mr Clifton, an old and highly respected resident of the locality. A railway nooidont of a sorious charaoter lias taken placo at Ballaarat, whioh, had it cocurrod to a passenger train, would liovo hod to bo roeorded as an cxtonsivo and fatal catas trophe. It happened to a goods train from Molbourno, and appears to have boon caused by tho brooks not being oufficiontly powerful to olicok tho speed of tlio train in coming down tho incline from Warronhoip. The train ran into the terminus at a high Bpeed, and a portion of it found its way into Lydiard street. Tho guard and ongino-drivcr leaped from tho train, and fortunatoly received but trifling injuries. Tho injury dono to the railway stock will amount to upwards of L1000. Several of tho country diotriots havo been visited by sovoro storms of rnia and wind, and much damage to property a3 well es loss of lifo has occurred, In sonic localities tho Btorm. rcsomblod a hurrioono moro than anything else, houses and tents boing unroofed or blown down, and trees torn up by tho roots. Tho rivers and creeks in all parts of tho colony linvo rison to on unusual height, and much injury has iu some instances been dono to tho surrounding land by the streams overflowing thoir banks. In . mining mattora tho month hos been rather barren in ovents. No discoveries of much importance have been made, but the roturus from the goldflclds havo nevertheless been well maintained. No improvement hos taken place in tho aspect of affairs in tho mining districts of New Zealand. Tlio rivors still continuo un- precedontcdly high, and, until tho waters subside, operations must bo considerably re stricted. It is satisfactory to know that tho Manukou Bar, upon which tlio Orphou3 was wrecked, is about to bo removed, aud the channel rendored practicable. We learn from an Auckland oontomporary tlint tho buoys, six in number, two of them boll bnoys, aro m a forward olato at Onchunga, oil but ready for removal and inooriDg in their proper places. It ia to bo hoped that no timo will bo unnecessarily lost in perfecting this most essential work. Tho buoys aro remarkably fine onos ; ond under their guiding influenco, ships of any draught, under any ordiuary circumstances, will bo enabled to avoid the Manukau Bar, which will thereby bo divested of moro than half ita diffi culties — actual ond exaggerated. Tlio Bubject of re- vncoiue'iou has occupied a good deal of attention during the month, and has formod the principal subject of discussion in medical ciroles. At a meeting of tho Medical Society, held recently, it was resolved to recommend the general re-vaccination of the adult population, except in thoso cases whero tho existence of tho real vaccination mark on tho arm showed that vaoeination had already been properly performed. Mr R. D. Ireland, tholato Attoruoy-Genoral, and Mr Mioliie, tho present Minister of Jus tice, havo been appointed Queen's counso undor tlio regulations of tho 7ch December, 1857\. These aro tho first appointments of tho kind whioh have yet been made in tho colony. The approaching departure of Sir Honry Darkly to his Government of Mauritius hos arousod in tho colonists a desiro to exhibit their respect to his Excellency by somo public demonstration. Preparations aro uccordinglv being made in Ballaarat and Melbourne to entertain Sir Henry at banquets to be given there in liis honour. Addresses aro to be presented by both Houss3 of Parliament, aud tho Chief Soorotary has statod that tho Government intend to ask for a sum of money for tho purchase of oither a bust or full length portrait of his Excellency. A largo public mooting has been held for the purpose of expressing sympathy with tho Poles in their present struggle for indepen dence, and organising subscriptions in their behalf. A Polish Sick and Relief Fund was formod, and several donations woro received, but no active measures havo since bean taken to carry out tho objects of tho mcoting. The opinion of tho Bclcct committee ap pointed to oonsider tho Riveriuo question is that tho northern boundary of Victoria should bo extondod to tho contra of the Murray ; that the Murray and Darling should be cleared from Wontworth upwards, and the Murrum- bidgee and Ed ward, 'rivers from the Murray up wards j the money to bo advanced by tho Govern ments of New South Wales and Victoria to a River Trust, which might charge certain tolls. Tho fanoy dross ball, whioh is to bo given by his Worship the Mayor, in tho Exhibition Building, on tlio 27th inst:, is at present creat ing no little sensation. Tho windows of the various tailors shop9 in tho city aro crowded with plates of fanoy oostumo of every reign aud period. Tho ball is likewise the topic of con versation in all circles. An exhibition of poultry, conduoted under the auspices of tho Victorian Poultry Society, commenced at St. Go orgo's hall on tho Glli inst., and continued for three days. In many respects tho show was equal, if no'- superior, to anything of tho kind that we have had in this country. Two old colonists, Messrs Charles James Griffith and James Stewart, have died during tho month. Mr Griffith, who wis greatly respected by all cicssos of the community, was a very old colonist. He was a member of tho bar, but never practised his profession in tho colony, but was principally engaged in pastoral pursuits j and at tho timo of his doath held, in conjunction with Mr Molosworth Greono, one of tho largest stations in tho country. Mr Griffith hos also taken a very aotivo part in public affairs. Ho was a nomineo member of the old Legislative Council, and took a promi nent part in tlio debates. Mr Stewart, who, at tlio time of his death, represented a constitu ency in the Upper House, had not eo promi nently identified himself with public affairs. He was, liowevor, ono of tlio earliest voluutoors in Viotoria, aud attained tho rauk of major in the yeomanry cavalry. At tho first election, Mr Stewart was roturncd for tho Eastern Pro vince, for whioh lie has over sinoo sat. A new bra-ch of industry has lately boen initiated. ' Thero was on viow a short time ago, nt the establishment of Messrs Robertson and Moffatt, Great Bourko street, a spocimon of tho first blankets monufacturcd in the colony, and a groy coverlet made from tiio fiueat Victorian wool, by prisoners at the Pentridgo Stockade. The fabrio to of the best quality and beautifully soft. Connoisseurs in such mattore havo pronounced thorn to bo first class, es regards texture and fineness. A new set of imigralion regulations has bcon granted by tlio Government. Tho applicant desirous of obtaining a passage for his friend or friends, can obtain warrants on tho following terms : — For mslos under 12 years of age, L4 ; 12 years and undor 40, L8 j 40 years and upwards, L9. The passago warrant will entitle tho person or porsons named therein, except . unprotected singlo females, to bo oonveyed to Melbourno from tho port mentioned in suoh - warrant, by n ship to bo namod by tho con tractors within one month of tlio receipt by them (tho coutraotora) of a request for a pasBago in terms of such warrant ; but, unloss a nominee shall leave tho United Eingdom within nine months from tho date of his war rant, such warrant will not be recognised. An industrial exhibition bis been held at Ballaarat, in tho Mechanics' Instituto, contri butions being recoivcd from Melbourne and all parts of tho colony. A very orcditable display was made, the spacious and beautiful hall being crammed as full as it could woll be with oil paintings, woler-oolour paintings, engrav ings, photographs, topestry, Btatunry, cabinot work, jewellery, nborigiuol curiosities, and many other things of beauty, rarity, or ingenuity. Apropos of the legal profession, a movement it is understood, is on foot amongst certain inilacDtial members of the mercantile commu nity, having for ita object tho selection of tho future Judges of the Bupromo Court from the English bar. Wo do not know all the dotails of tho now arrangoment proposed, but wo understand that tho originators of the movo- ment doiiro to soo tho Judges appointed by the Homo Government, whenever the Viotorisn bar docB not inoludo in its ranks a largo pro portion of barristers " of a prcsoribod number of yoara standing." Tho directors of tho National Bank contem plate opening a branch establishment in London. StopB havo already boon taken, and Mr Wright, at present manager of tho Ade laide branch, will proccod to England to tako cbargo of the bank's affairs thore. An effort ia being uindo to establish a mis sion amongst tho blacks at Cooper's Creok. At tho annual mooting of tho Moravian mission, hold rocontly, nt tho Mechanics' Institute, his Ercollonoy tho Governor in tlio chair, tho pro position was disoussod. Tlio mcoting appeared to bo vory favourablo to tho project, and after the position of tho natives had boon fully explainod, tho following resolution wa9 unani mously a'doptod : — " Thnt in tho opinion of this mooting, strenuous- offorts should bo mado to sond tlio gospel to tho aborigines at Cooper's Crook and olsowboro in tbo interior. That tho Moravian Ohuroh has provod itsolf admirably adaptod for tho work of bringing benighted nations to a knowlodge of Christ, and that a sum of money bo placed to tho credit of tho Moravion Ohuroh, to carry out this object," Another riot has taken placo amongst tho labourers on tho Echuca railway lino. Several of tbo workmen who refused to " Btriko," were severely maltreated, nnd a quantity of tools and plant was destroyed. Tlio police having been called in, tho disturbance was quelled. Tho foundation stono of tho Manchester Unity Hall was laid by Ilis Excellency tlio Governor, assisted by Dr. Greeves and Bovoral members of tho order, on tho 17th inst. Tho sito of tho building i9 in Swsnston street. Tho lodge room will bo sixty foot by twonty-sevon foot, and twonty-fivo feet high, with a gallery, and offices for tho general purposes of tlio order. A very olegsnt gold flower stand, ma nufactured by Messrs. Kilpntrick and Co. is to bo sent homo as a present from tlio ladies ef Melbourne to H.R.1I. tho Princess of Wales. It is a flower-stand of gold, the pillar representing a forn tree rising from a baso of threo faces, each bearing an enamelled cost of arms — tho Danish, Australian, nnd the shiold poouliar to tho Princo of Wnles. Tho theatrical ovODt of tho month has been tho production of tho "patent" ghost at tho Haymarket nnd Princess's. Tho Haymorket was tho first in tho field, and introduced Pro fessor Popper's illusion in tho drama of tho " Cnstlo 8pectro," and subsequently in a dramatised version of Dickon's " Haunted Man." At tho Prinoos's. whioh established was recently ro-oponed undor tho management of Mr Goorgo Fowcott, a drama founded upon Miss Braddon's novel " Tho Captaiu of tho Vulture," did duty as tho vehicle for this ro- markablo effect. Miss Annie Lockart has made a very successful appearance at the Hay- market in tho cliaractor of Pe» Woffingtou. and has also boen woll rcceivod m subsequent representations. At tbo Theatre Royal, Mr Barry Sullivan has boen appearing in a num ber of Sh&ksperisn; representations, amongst which were " As Tou Lilco It" aud the " Tam ing of tho Shrew." A successful amsfour porformanco wns given a fow night ago, at tho ssmo theatre, by a now dramatic club called tho " Orpheus," for tho benefit of tho widows and orphans of thoso who perished in tho wreck of tho ship of thnt name. At tho Polyteolmio Instituto " Biroh's Holiday Trip" lias drawn good audiences, but o chango of entertainment has now taken place. Mr Horsloy's oratorio of " David" was repeated by tho Philhormonio Socioty with grcotor sueeesa than boforo, and tho reputation of this lyrio work may now bo considered fully established. oomm.i1ikntauy dinner to mr o. o. moeton, m.la. Tho eomplimoutary dinner given by tho electors of tlio Minors' Rest and Burrumboet divisions of tlio Ripon nnd Hampdon eleotoral district to Mr G. G. Morton, M.L.A., was bold at tho Carse o1 Gowrio hotol, near Learmonth, on tho 10th inst. Tiiongh partaking to a cer tain extent of a political nature, tlio assem blage struck us as boiog ono of tho residents of a district of various sentimonts as to the leading politics of tho day— of various creads and countries — mot togothor to testify thoir appre ciation of the services of a local representative to whom all desired to do honour. Among those present were Messrs. W. C. Smith, O'Grady, Humffroy, and Frazer, M.L.A.'s, otr. Mr Morion's hea'th having boon honoured with groat enthusiasm, tho hou gontlemnu doliverod an appropriate speech in reply. In tho ooureo of his address, ho obsorved— Mr Chairman, Vies-Ohairmen, and Gentlemen, — I rise to thank you for tho vory linndsomo and onthuoiaetio manner in which you havo drank my health. I son around mo gentleman whom I have known for sovoral years, gentlemen who havo placed me ia tho proud position I now ocoupy, having some eight years ago elected me ono of tho first mombcreof their Road Board, and Bubsequonlly chairman of it ; also electing mo to bo a raomber of their Agrioultural Society, as well as their representative at tho Council of tho Board of Agriculture in Mel bourne. Lastly, the highest honour of all, thoir representative in tho Parliament of this country. Sir, such honour is moro than I can lay claim to ; indeed, mora than I desiro; yet I will Bay that ii I havo not come up to tho expectations of my more sanguino friends, it i3 not from want of energy or a desiro to do good. It may bo advisablo now to say a few words as to my position in. Parliament, ns your representative, and it would bo useless for., ma to affect that I do not understand the differ ence of position now hold by parties ia the Assembly, nnd, to some extent, tho differeneo of public opinion — sia'co tho poriod when I was oandidate for tho suffrages of tbo olectors of Ripon and Hampden. I trust that I shall bo excused when I say, openly and candidly, face to faco with -iny bost supporters, that I am not ono of those who chango upon the spur of any omcrgenoy, or atteud at tho bock or call of any party leader in tbo House. To my mind nothing is more fraught with danger to tho country than tho apostacy of pnblio men. I \- for ono, gentlemen, prefer honourable adversity to tho position of a sycophant to tho powors that bo. And while the present Ministry will receivo every fair and honourablo support from me, I fool bound to watch their proceedings with somo degree of suspicion, on account of tho Bomowhat unnatural oonlition that ha3 placed them iu power. I was novor undor any personal obligation to tho former Ministry, nor will I to the present— ergo, my voto shall bo a froo and independent one. Referring to tho Land question, Mr Morton proceeded to say : Now, sir, I will como to tho Land Bill, which seems to bo tho question upon whioh all Ministries break down, and to my motive for supporting tho introduction of Mr Duffy's amendment. I attonded a mooting of members (who wore generally in tho habit of acting with tho lato Min:Btry), tho present Chief Secretary was one of thoso present. Tho object of our meeting was to consider how far wo should support tho Government after Mr Duffy's repudiation of tho decision of the valuators appointed to inquire into tho assessment mado by the Board of Lund and Works on equottcra' runs. After a great deal had been said by gontlomcn present, Mr M'Oulloch submitted a document which purported to show that by dopsrting from tho dooision of tlio valuators tho cohuiy would sustain a loss of sovoral thousand pounds r.s well as commit an act of repudiation. Woll, sir, I agreed with tho opinion expressed by Mr M'Cnllooh, but sug gested that this matter might bb settled in committee of tlio whole houso ; but as my suggestion was not roceivod favourably, I ssked that honourable gentleman was he prepared to form a Ministry, so that tho country would not sustain a loss by any delay or difficulty in forming n party ? Mr M'Oulloch was not then prepared to offer an opinion. I therefore formed tho resolution t-o give tho lato Ministry my support, b-'lioving then, as I do now, that tho hills might bo amondod in committee to suit all parties, and I must say this muoh, that if tho valuotors were as reoklosB in thcie esti- mato of tho grazing capabilities of -runs as they ar.i exorbitant iu thoir charges, I am. not astonished at Mr Duffy's suspicions, aia I think, sir, the runs of this country might, withont injury to tho squattors, bo sBsosssd at something moro than thoy now arc. (Applause.) And now, gontlomon, in couolusion, allow mo again to thank you for the honour you havo dono mo. When I find I cannot givp an honest, independent voto as your representative, I will resign the honourablo trust you havo confided to my keopingai unsullied as the duy I rcceivod it at your liandB. (Loud applause and conti nued cheering). 