I LOCAI IMTEILIÓENCE. ; '. ItolUOBDIr/AItV ¡Ol'lSBATIONÍ. - KXTlUCtTIKG; THE C&vwB; o>'A nioNÍ- Everybody, in all mobility, lie« mada acquaintance with the magnificent, lion, " Wullaeo," in Mr Billing's iiitercstiHgcollnrtioii nf beasts nt Watson'* liny. Thin fini) animal hud benn Bullering lVuui the growing of tho oluws of onu of his paws into tho bull ol »ho foot, ami it wa« feared that unless uutivo measure* wera immediately taken for his relief, that mortiilcatioii, and consequently death, would ensue. Mr Billing placed : himself in communication with Mr Wilson, Y. S. of the Omi of Wilson mid Koill, Woolloomooloo, and that gon tie nm II promptly undertook- tho performance of the hazardous operation. Tho afternoon of Wednesday, the 2i5rd ultimo, was the day appointed, und at 3 p.m. Alosara Billing mid Wilson 'proceeded to tho inonogorie, visitors being very properly excluded, lost any uuforseeu accident should huppim. Wo may here mention that, with a view tb tho operation, chloroform hud boen pre- viously administered to the lion in doses, varying from 9 to 18 ois, but without uny perceptible effect, or, if any, so alight us not to warrant any approach to tho animal on tho part of tho operator. As a dernier resort, it was detormmcd to rope the noble beast, mid, this having been clfectcd, thu paw was drawn through the bars of,tho cage, and, thus secured, Mr Wilson, with marvellous celerity, applied his incision knife to each elnw in succession, ex- tracting them from thu Hi sh, mid then cutting thom off with his nippers. As may be imagine I, the operation was ol an excruciatingly painful character, and the roars' of the poor animal were torriflc. However, we are happy to announce that "Wallace" is now perfectly conva- lescent, and severe as bia agony must have been, his lifo has been unquestionably saved* by the skilful and coura- geous gentleman, whom wo cordially congratulate upon the success of an opération in veterinary surgery un- paralleled, at all events, in thoso colonies. " WOUKIÎÎO THE OUACLE."-A short time since tho Kev. Parliamentary Chaplain for West Sydney, for whom his Rev. friend in Hunter-street entortains such n wonderful amount ol' "brotherly affection," introduced ("canny-oliiel," aa lia is) a "woo" motion, hiving fru- its object the application of the Legislativo "sponge" to wipe out ii mucklo" mortgage on that noble Colonial "institution," tho Jamison- street'Univoraily. Well, on thi» neat little " dodge," Mr Fawcett kindly moved a voryBensiblo " amendment," referring tho modest pro posai to the judgment of a "Select-Committee" of sena- torial cor.uoiMeurs. Buring performed this exploit, according to "May," and tho "ancient practice" of Par- liament, since tho dnya of Queen Boadioea of pugilistic momory, Mr 3?.. was clearly entitled to tho '. privilege" of nctiug ns chairman ol' tho uominitteo lie hail called into existence. Thc {/ray purrot from Kiama, however, not considering Air ]?. a " pretty boy," objected to Jus en- joying tho "fiillet,"mid actually "took tho very unusual course" of proposing "inimitable Charles" na chairman. Tho committee divided, when Messrs Piddington and Macpherson voted for Mr ITimcott and " pristine usage 5" whilst an incomparable quartette, consisting of Messrs Gray, AJlau, Stewart, and' Sutherland (their initials make ¿ras;), " ns in duty bound" supported the Premier, ?md as bets were-A to 2, llou. ' Charles was duly declared thu wiuuer, amid'tho enthusiastic cheers of tho four "corinthians" who bucked him. l'orsonnlly, wo have no objection to this very judicious arrangement-but, 011 thu'score of Immunity, wo ure compelled to enter our solemn protest oguinst this uncalled for addition to the olticial load beneath which the unhappy Premier is now bonding-und wo nil kuow tho "feather breaks tho camel's back." Looking, liowovor, ut the political re- lationship existing between tho Premier and his HUT. follower, and remembering tho high valuu set by tho formar on thc " publie services" of tho latter, wo regard thu'dignity thus thrust upon our very Primo Minister, as an.oxtiemely equivocal one, it being (under tho very peculiar circumstances of the easo:to be considered) any- thing but consistent with his high official position, und only likely to lead to a popular belief that the whole affair is nothing moro tluui ono of those magnificent " liberal scliouies" by which political and official influences ure brought to beor for the promotion of -pri- vate endx, or, in other words a very quiet and gentlouian like method of " working tho oracle I" ADAS! POOK GHOST !-Ono of tho most affecting of tho many affecting scenes il hus been our lot to witness in this ''vale of tears" was presented at the A. S. K. Co's wharf on Wednesday afternoon, when the good ship Itniigutira boro «way tho GHOSTS, ol' tho Prineo of Wales and Victoria in the corporeal shapes of two great ." bills"-W. S. Lyster, and W. Pitt, lOaqs. Tho meeting of tho two spirits was not so xtriting us ono might havo thought,' Ibo great leaders of ibo Houses of Montague and Capulet being too absorbed , in the grief of parting "Wl'tir theil rc»lj'cvtrTCT*v£ai.noça to ?mlttl£o-inTiiiij^pr>h'ituul manifestations beyond tho'friendly nobbler "d'adieu." Not-a dry oyo was visible umong tho crowd, mid "on old cow" on the poop moaned in the most heart-broken manner. Overcome by his feeling«, tho jiurvoyor of Pepper struck his feot ngniust a portmanteau belonging to Iiis ghostly brother, au incident which a well known artier, whose faino has often resounded all over the Qloie, told us, in tho intervals of heartrending sobbing, he meant to inako the subject of a great hysterical hud historical tableau under the titlo of "Tho lectoría PITT, upsotting thc Prince of Wales' JHoxes." The stalwart and Apollo Pollyvcdore-bke form of an eminent dra- matic and literary "gun" was seen heaving to and fro, struggling iv vain with his feelings, IUB cambric being saturated willi the " pearly drops" which formed a. tor- rent; that;it was quito useless to try to bo "damned." Ho was lol away by two. distinguished members of the " corps di'anintique," and endeavoured, and we ure happy to say with some success, to drown his feelings in inter- mittent doses of " caliduni sine." "While tho feelings ol' all present wera worked up to almost bursting point, the news of another sad calamity fell like a thunderbolt upon tho heartbroken forms around. This was none other thai tho departure of " his country's idol," tho eminent Joiepb Beaver, Jîsq., with a cargo of Bntcn for Queens- land, per Collaroy. On this'becoming known, a scono oisuod that beggars all description-the frantic Bhrioks ind groans ol' poignant agony woro painful in tho ex I tramo, and, when after an oloquunt speech, the hero of the ovation embraced everybody all around, nnd then disappeared in the- "Stygian darkness" of his bunk, overybody felt.that, bis own particular cup of misery wits Ulled to'overflowing, mid all that could bo dono now was' to " givo up the ghost" with a good'grace. Tho heavily afflicted party loll the wharf, "turning upon the hill to tripe away a tear," and cheerfulness waa not . restored till tho above-mentioned literary and dramatic gun "smiled" at the Post Ofllco Hotel,' which put good EPIKITS into every breast, made them dry their tears and shout like Britons. Tho neighbourhood of tho wharf, is still nt M-Ky* Water.".''* ' lNcôimioitir,» lirrtJDENCi:.- On Tuesday last, ng a well known suburban- senator wns stalking, majestically, up XIncqunrie-strcet, towards tho Temple of Wisdom ¡ two] genuinogamini', who.wore doing» little acrobatic business' oil their-own account, in tho middle of tho roaiï, suddcnlyj suspended the performance, when the following iutereal-j 'ing'soliloquy took place, iii a koy loud enough to unlock tho hon. member's "organic vibrator." Pirat Gumin (Taking n "lunar" nt au old lady who was passing), Ij say, Bill does yar nose (hat ero swell going ulong there' with tho big stick? Second Gumin (Taking the 'hon.' " sweir'-out of "winding,") îîo Jack, I can't say as 1 does noie him, cos I ain't, never' seed him afire, but I thinks, by the cut of his nob, ho's a regular duffer. Pii-3t Onniin (putting his band where his pocket should be) I'll bot you a pun nota on that ore Bill, lieoinH no d uifer, for he's ou/y > morabsv o' rurliauicut." XluThou gentlemen, "blushed", like a postman'a coat, and looked fiercely nt the .young "unwashed." Just nt this critical moment, polioemnñ XXX loomed magnificently in.the distance-tliojuveniies took thc alarm mid " hooked it liko one o'clook"-for fehr pf nu " occident," nnd tho lion member procoedocl t o tho House highly indignant at. such o " breach of privilege," and fully determined to make a " motion" nnd il " speech" on the subject of precocious incorrigibles I V MAOKA EST VERITAS, ¿Vp.-T'hcro is un nrinouncomcnt in a recent playbill of tho Victoria Theatre of so ' over- poweringly truthful a nature aa. to defy even lho ffho.il of a contradiction, ond. wefcel it. bur duty as promulgators of the truth, tho. whplo truth, and nothing but tho truth, to give it all tho publicity so justly its due. . Thé statement is remarkable for tho. combination of "brevity and.elcgauçe, and ought to he printed in loiters of gold, being ono of thoso sttirtling . fitots . which noboby, or " any oder mau" can deny. It. is this : ". Transpontine drmna cannot possibly bo played at this theatre." Thc brain that cmieeirec and the hand that penned this startling fact should bo enshrined in'tho templo of truth aa soon na Uorernmontbaa set .asido on tho estimates n sum BiiQ'icient for Mich: n delighlfid erection. , ' . *; AsoTîtEii. Ii nw. " BlDt,l3T."^-Tuesday'a\iosuor bf that, popular periodical, tho ÖoomiWni Gazette, now edited by ono'of tho wittiest writers in.the colony,, informs na that Ernest Outavius Smith, Ksq. (what a queer nssocia tion Of names aristocratic nnd plebeian), Ima boon coli-, verted into an Inspector of-Xnnd Salea Offices, a new creation of otllcinl.fancy. . Should thoro ho any;.'duties attached to this office,, wo -.trust, that Mr Smith will clo : us the favour to set about them íñiearnett, and not fol- low tho pómicions tfxnmplo of those otllcinl juveniles who hilve nolVyofc laid aside their peg-topa and marbled. Hon. John desorrca groat oreti it for inventing a'ne/<* " barth" wit b ii liioo "sorow" in our prêtant flourishing oircuniatanoua. rush, along I . ÏBtfMT BÉiuVtonii.-In our youlliiul i¡u>.;, at ïnuorv,uv_.^fa!'i\w'ltirl'î lifca Tonsyl wa "growad" ona nutritious diétof' milk and.water, hard dumplings, and Epsom" salis,- miry were " drugged up" in 'thu llowory paths of îmivcnnil knowledge, and our young .ideas taught to shout (with .pid") beneath tho rigorous marj't pulutinns' of Dr Ilunibrusohor, tho learned Principal nmongt-t other excellent principles, thus forcibly knocked into us, was one warning us "not to speak evil of digni- ties." To this judicious training is to bo attributed that modest toiio-ol" .deferential respect in which wo, invari- ably, refer to men in " lüjdi stations," Ministora of Ilia down, .Members of Parliament, Clovcromont official), of «ll sorts and sizes, and other similar " good and great moil." In this respect, there is a wonderful likeness be- tween us ond our accomplished .senior daily "model" so much so indeed, that but for om- jueenilUy, it might bo supposed thut'wu had imbibed together from tho saint! fountain of knowledge and propriety. Our splendid "model" never commits himself by saying nnytliing bnrsli of anyone-ob, dear no, never, on «ny account ut least hu »aid so hiinself on Tuesday,' in those felicitous words-" lt is not our fashion tb heap reproach upon tho Government or tho police" Perhaps, wo do not cxactlj know tho meaning of thu word "reproach," but wo.have a vary lively recollection, and so has the " Government" too, no doubt, of a vast amount of something, very Uko it being " heaped" upon thom willi profuso liberality by our forbearing friend. Our respected political pastor, Dr Laug, is also under a'hoavy debt of gratitude, for tho "fashion" in which Bimilur favours hovo been showered upon him by his nminblo " broUier in tho Ministry." As to tho" " Police," if they will bo kimi enough to read Tuosduy's stupendous " leader," the? will find that, although no " reproach" is heaped upon thom, their mefloctual endeavours to put down bush ranging are attributed to that noble and enobliog quality, " fear." It is really very amusing to seo how people, io blowing their own trumpets, unwittingly sound.tho very notes that betray their own-weakness, and grate ional harshly on tho public our. Of course :wo mean nc -Y BUY LiKK 'ji. WliAliB.-Tho equanimity of our pence« fully disposed mid utopian commtiuity waa aoraowluit rudely dúturbod by a report on "Wednesday evening that that playful vessel of wrath, tho Alabama, waa bearing down upon, with tlw intention of " blowing up" our de- voted city. Consternation was depicted in ovcry fnco, anil Motírír pour ia pairie was in every mouth. Tue whola of tho 'Brit tah army now in Sydney wore,put into on omnibus, and driven to tho South Head lo strike .terror into the hearts of tho oiioiny, while tho -volunteers shook hands all round, mid «woro to do their beat-not tS'run away till tho lost moment. Professor Bushell' was pressed into t ho Bervicn to uso ' his inlluenco ' for th« downfall of Yankee Doodle, and tho two * Ghosts ' wera marshalled into a skeleton regiment to frighten away the .' stern invader.' A largo body of volunteers marched off in tho direction of Goulburn, in caso 'tho foo' might lund Ibero first, while those who remained behind fully justified Captain Lever's flattering encomiums OB to their . quick perception itt selecting cover" Tho Government telegraphed for all tho bushranger)*'to lend their fann« cible assistance to tho defensivo operations, and nil tba women, children, and police, having boon put into a niaco of safoty, ant? tho wild beasts in tho menagerie snd' Legislativo Assembly made ready to be let loiieo at a moment's notice, the forces wore placed undia- tho com«' mani! of Dr Lung of tho Church Militant, and it was felt all was done that could bo done'to' give \runîteo Dooáte duin a warm recoption. l'or ourvolves we confess wu prepared for tho worst, and having loaded our * pocket pistol * with the very best gunpowder toa, duly qualiOed with a poworful bull of eau -da vic, and a copy of the ; Melbourne 1'unclt to induce a serious framo of mind, wt sat our editorial anatomy upon our literary resting place, and calmly contemplated our latter end, till our * devil," lilio an angel of tight, burst into our sanctum, ' and blubbered out with a loud wail, that it was only a quiet! whaler, 'keeping tho noiseless tonor of'its way," with no hostilo intentions. Wo received tho-intelligence with our usual dignified indifference to sublunary commotion), and we eau ossuio our readers thnt during the whole of . tluV trying timo, . our firm nerves nevor onco trembled,' though tho crisis might liavo involved tho most serions calamity that could hnppon to us-the stoppage of Bell's Life. A FAUK ALA-RM.-Never, within the memory ' of Governor Bouvko's stntuo, was Sydney ever, so severely shaken to its very centre, ns it was on Tuesday by tho alarming cry of " tbo Alabama has nrrived." A panta enmi'd-tho Banks stood motionless-the Herald " hung out his banner on tho outward wull"-tho Naval Brigada. How to arms, whilst nn immense multitude took to their legs witli..cainmoudablo- oelerity, towards tito Railway Station in oeareli of "monster. Jvaius." Tho tommts at tito ""ilarnVóujr^véro run o'dl-Pinchgut'"" wis -TlMfiry" victualled-tho Sea Witch cleared for action, and evert Illing portended u dreadful strugglo. In tho midst of th« general excitement we rumnined cool, ns a' " cherry cobbler," and despatched our special commissioner of Marino inhis gnllcg ia liovor, about tho onomy, and.ro-. port progress with tho precision of tho Chairman of Committees. After a short nbsonco bs retumsd to port with tho intelligence that tho Yankee Alabama had actually arrived, but that, happily for the nerves of Hunter Street, it was not Me Alabama to which "old Beeswax" sticks, but a whaler out of luck, with har crew wailing because they had taken no oil for twelve months. It must have been the shook (bus occasioned that caused the "thunderer" to-sing so small on Thursday, when propheoying tho ¡inmediato arrival of' tho " enemy" ! , How io SKIIVE A Ruai CUSTOJIan.-A HIST TO LiCi!K3i:t> "VICTUALLRUS.-About 5 o'clock in the after- noon of Thursday last, a mau apparently about 30 yean of age, and wearing a flimsy black alpaca OOBI, which ( hud seen better days, stepped up to the bar of the Ciis» toni House Hotel, near tho Circular Quay, and called for a glass of rum, with which he was sowed ; having, tossed' off the liquor, ho mudo his bow to the landlord) and said that ho would pay for tholittlo luxury he'liad enjoyed- wiiKif he next came that way-and tripped off I with greater celerity than ho had entered. Now " nuns j host, of tho,' C. 71. Hotel, although a jolly and jocoso j scion of a not ignoblo race of merry *? Andrews," is riot, a man to Lo quietly " taken in and dono for;" hts thora* foro gavo ehoso instante); and coming up to bis rum cus- tom cr at a fow,yards distance from the "ffostelrio," proceeded to npply tho medical precept, " When taken, tobo- mell shaken ;" having vigorously. performed this operation for the spaco of two or threo minutes, during which tho culprit's head came into a by.no moans agree- able contact with tho wall of a neighbouring house, tho landlord promptly Btripped tho unlucky specidator in; ruin, and took possession of his.uppor garment, and then having ndniitiistored two or threo spocimons of tho argumentum á posteriori, dismissed him in his shirt sleeves with tho valediction-"öo whore glory wuiti von." Our valinnt Boniface then returned homo in 'triumph willi his trophy, not doubting that had one of tho volunteer bands boen-passing at tho time, ho would have been deservedly greeted with tho well known any " Soo tho ''conquering 'hero 'conies : sound tho trompai, beat tho drums 1" ANOTHER HORRIBLE OUTRAGE.-Early on Monday, morning snmo " miscreant in tho I m man form, deliber- ately-, mid with "malice aforethought," bad tho aurlncity to " cmck" tho Municipal Couneil Chamber at Newtown \--ravish the treasury, and " borrow" tho wholo of the; Municipal róvonuo, amounting to the appalling sum of 9,000 farthings.. This mysterious invisibility of tho ?'*. mopusaes" has of course caused a "doficit" which tho aülicted Treasurer proposes to, meet by railing a loan at his uncle's," and imposing an additional dury on old Tom, an article for which there is a brisk demand at Newtown, especially in tho picturesque. locality of Cam- den Villa. This shocking oecurronco has co*t a deep gloom over .this'.once'lovely suburb, many well-informed persons being of opinion that 's branch ef tb« great firn\ i of.Gilbert and Co. lins been established in the neigh bourhorKl. The worthy, chairman ot tito B^unicipoUty wo»so inuoliaüectod.hy tho.disnstor that be immediately wrote, to his agents in.JLolland for ar supply ofDutch drops" to alleyinto his sufferings. . 'A BiitE OÏESINS ion x "WIDOW.-Our right hono i rabio friend, the Earl of Albemarle, publinhod tho other dey, a list of no lesa thnn twonty valuablo "livings," now in His' pordahip's gift. Among tlioeo; No. taste, because, it evinces'tho noble J'orl'a solicitude for. the comfort and happiness of "lorio vi ¡lidien," anxious to be " established. : "The "living" to which, we allude ÎB thus touchingly, described-K No. 6.-A small publie homo,'easily worked ¡ suitable for n icidoio, nnd enugonu; smart ns a cradle." ? Now, ns n eradle cannot possibly be; " smart " without somaihinij tn rock in it, it is qnito clear that , our noble friend is'fully porsuaded that tho hnppy "widow," who Ima hod tho good fnrlano to sernfe No.. ß, will: not bo. allowed to rcmnin long- single, however "snug1" slip may bo in this "cr.aily-wQrkcd elysium." Wo may, tlicroiore, readily assume that tho Indy will, in duo conrso of hymeneal -law, bo under tho vo*cy pleasing necessity of visiting tho emporium of our friend, Mr David Wiloy, and srleeting ono of those matelllei» \- -poetical "erndíeí," In which Au-trnlian "cherub*," rooked by tho gentío mti»o of Park-street, arc'ncouitotned to linton to tho "Augel'a whisper." Wo hnvo only te> , c-tpreas a hope that when the " hnppy diy" arrives, the blooming hostess of No.-fi will not omit -sending "eani» mid dnko** to No tit}, Ca*llerciigh*trcol. BBAVO ! BHAVTSBIWO!-Of njl tho " great spooclio,' (and they nra " le-gh>ii") over ilolivored by our .cloH Charley, lind rend by IM with an avidity, only equalled h; bur roíiali of their ;j'«iii»cnoy ¡' we llover peniKod ono witl moro delight, thiin (.hut lio made, on Tuesday, in opposi tión.to tho " homciopiifliio taper with which Mr Allci. enu*éavoured to VufUt np the ll ouse, and dispel I lie dark beas of allopathic ubailvdity. Willi that keen mid razor ; edged sarcasm for willoh our beloved Pruniier ia remark able, ho proposed an " amendment" and snell ar amendment, ns tho immorUl Mr Punch .himself woittci nevor have dreamt of,;'Oiiîn in tho widp dire.le.of. hil pleasant philosophy. With " a laughing devil in hf: enesr," tho linn Cliiof aroso, and whihthis eyes twinkled with suppressed emotions of inward mirth, he moved. tli< following amusing " uniniidnicnt" amid thu ''broad grins' of »ll présent. " That hi tho view of curtain petition1 presented to thisTIouse, it now declares itsolf a snlf-con itilutcd association óf-quacks." Tho ". cheers" '.that fallowed this sparkling ebullition of olBeial humour, completely defy description, na did tho nstonishtnent ol )Ir Allon, and several .minutes elapsed before tho House fecurered tho dignity bf ita gravity, and hon gentlemen feel fully convinced thut they uro truly an " association Cf quicks" 1 - .ninon's Hofcln.fjf Tuir:-Tho audacity of somo mon li marvellous. It whs with inexpressible astonishment , that our nicssongor informed us that Mr Birch honored Us by calling at tho oOSeo during our nbsenco on Wed- nesday morning, with a modest, request for permission io f«< ottt of our file a notice of his entertainment, which he presumed had appeared in our columns. Mr Birch : was never moro mistaken , cither in hi* life br (his BITE ! i He sent us no advertisement during his visit to this city, ,' ind nevertheless bad tho impudence to expect that we ! lind favorably. noticed bis ** little giime" Not many ; months back, the samo, "cutting file" .dodge was tried [ upon us by tho Washington Simmonds Wizurd, which '¿ vu duly acknowledged by. us, and .which acknowledg- ment we thought would have operated as a caution to : future applications of the kind from tho genus adven- turer! It ia scarcely necessary to say that Mr Birch iras laboring under some hallucination, il' bo. believed that wo had condescended to nolico lila " entertain- ments;" but had wo been "at home," wo might pos- sibly havo " cntttrtiiiiind" him by the sonsoniibld applica- tion of a rod to his cognomen- an infallible specific for Impertinence. .1 PaBirAinrNTAiiY- PHYSICIAN.-At the Crimina. Court, on Monday, a distinguished member of tho Legit litiro faculty, informed his honour (who appeared much pleased at the gratifying intelligence)-"I havo driven a a regular medical curricle for fouryoars at an university, I havo a competent knowledge of tho anatomy of Scotch? nen. I am duly qualified ns nu. hydropnlbist." This is really vory satisfactory nows, although wo fancy tho bon, doctor is not the only liy-«Vo/>-othist in tho Assembly;, thonumber of parliamentary patients who regularly tuko tho ilropt prepared by Dr Jessup, proving tho complaint to be somewhat prevalent in Maeqiinrie-strcot. By tho way," wu wonder whether Slr W. 13. Allen's medical mo- rion", affirming thoncreisity of iiitroduciiij<; into our pub* lio hospitals this " hoinchopnthie'' or hydropathic treat- ment was intended to fuel tho pulso of tho House, preparatory to proposing tho appointment of a public "cold water doctor" for tho special benefit of any bon, ind independent inoinbei-of tho Asrombly. Who knows ? Ciaiil . JnnriMO lîxTitAOEDlîiAiir.-On Thursday , tftbrnoon a vory extraordinary caso of jumping a claim bccuvredattboSebastmii diggings. A man named Gleeson Vas rambling about amongst the boles, in a st ato of ex- hilaration from over indnlgcneo in alcoholic st imulants. Amongst other exuberances, which ho thought fit to amuso himself with, was a violent desire to jump down lane of tho deep holes. At bust, making a run from tho poisons who were trying to reitson with him, ho actually jumped into tho mouth of a shaft over a hundred feet in depth, and catching bold of tho ropo as bo did so, either slid or tumbled down to tho bottom. Tho men who immediately descended after tho man-whom they expected to pick up In pieces, found him Bitting on the bottom, with moro than enough life in bim to ejnoulato " AU right," and without «ny serious injury to ilia ana- tomy. Tho only explanation of tho man s extraordinary conduct was afforded by tho fact that being a recent im- portation from tho Green Ido, ho waa under the impres- sion that to take possession of n. claim by tho process or "jumping," meant to perform that process literally and not figuratively. Thc owners of the.claim- which is a payingono-disputed tho titlo notwithstanding.-Bendigo ' Advertiser, 19th Sept. A PAJXFUL OJIDEAT,.-Tho Sichmond Dispatch, of 7th July says :-" In tho Bibbey prison, yesterday, by order of General Windsor, tho cáptame among tho Yankee prisonora drew lots for two of their Humberto bo shot, in retaliation for tho shooting of Captains William P. Corbin and T. J. M'Graw, by General liurnside, at San- dusky, Ohio, on tho 15th Muy last. 'The prisoners were assembled in n room, at 12 o'clock, by Captain Turner, tho commandant of tho prison, mid nftorboing formed in a hollow square around the table, wcro informed of the order ol' Goncrol Winder. Slip» of paper each containing tho Hinno of one of tho officers present, wera carefully folded up and deposited on tho table,. Captain Turnor then informed tho mon that thoy might soleot whom they pleased to draw tho names, nnd tho first two names drawn would ¡lidíenlo those to be shot. Tho lots wcro drawn by thc Kev. Mr Brown amid a silonco almost deathlike. . Tho first ballot drawn contained the name of Captain Henry Washington. Sawyer of tho 1st New! Jorpoy Cavalry j tho second that of Captain John lTlyon, of tho 51st Indiana Volunteers. Tho day of their execution hos not yot been fixed." ATPAMISQ SUICIDE.-Yesterday afternoon, about five minutes past S o'clock, a respectably dressed female, apparently about 25 years of agc, leading a white poodle dog by a bl no ribbon, tendered ono of tho copper COÍIIB now in circulation to tho toll-taker at tho Pyrmont Bridge. Tho coin was politely refusod, and tho lady who manifested extreme annoyance, ovontiially tondorcd. a shilling, Having reocirod tho chango, she deliberately deposited it in hor portmanteau, "and, walking rapidly forward, immediately went over tho bridge. Ño reason can bo assigned for tho rash act. 