THE MAEEIAGE OF THE' PBINCE OF WALES, The ceremonies attending the marriage of the ? Prince of Wales and the. Princess Alexandra of .pen-' mark, were attended with a magnificence and loyal , enthusiasm probably unsurpassed in history. The progress of the Princess from her paternal abode in . .Copenhagen to her English home was one continued . and brilliant triumph. With the limited space now at, command; we can only record the interesting ceremonies of the royal nuptials. Late into the night of Saturday, the 7th March, 1868, the excitement arising from the arrival and reception of the Princess Alexandra throbbed through ' the towns of Windsor and Eton, and subsided only as Sunday and. its church bells broke solemnly upon the inhabitants. For that day there was a stately hush over the scene qf the recent rejoicings. But Sunday had scarcely faded into midnight when the buzz of preparations for fresh labors of love and loyalty began to be heard again. Monday was a gala day, and a day of high expectation, in Windsor and its neighborhood. The prince and princess drove out in an open carriage, and' showed them- . selves to everybody, and were everywhere received with renewed acclamations of delight and devotion. There was a magnificent display of fire - works, in the Home park at 'night, which is said to have transcended all' previous . efforts in that way.' The last echoes : of . the pyrotechnic explosions, whose blaze was like a burst of flame over Datchet meadow, lighting up the whole surrounding country, had scarcely died away, when the people resumed their preparations for,. th£ festive morning that ,was about to dawn. ' The .tramp of men; and the roll of carriages were' heard at an unusually early hour in the streets of ; Windsor, and the inhabitants were abroad with the 'dawn. The firststir that sent apalpitation through out the masses of people who were there assembled ! was the appearance on the ground at about half past ten o'clock' of the Coldstream Guards.' At half-past eleven the first carriage of the proces sion to ttie chapel approached the gates, when all at once there was *a' bustle of. commotion, and every eye . . was directed to its approach. The first part of the procession consisted of the royal guests. They' came in seven state carriages. The first three car riages contained equerries, adjutants, and gentlemen in attendance on the royal personages who occupied . the remaining four ; in- the first of which' were seated :H. H. the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh ; his S. H. Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar; and his S. H. the Prince of Leiningen ; the others being principally occupied by members of the family of the Princess Alexandra. The splendor of the Maharajah Dhn leep Singh's appearance in his turban and oriental robes crusted with jewels, and resplen dent with gold, was a theme of universal admiration. His munificent gift to the Princess Alexandra of a bouquet holder which cost £1000, was . amply rewarded by the hearty cheers which greeted him as' the carriage passed along the line. The sixth and seventh carriages, containing the sisters and brothers of the bride; were watched with great interest, and received with loud acclamations; ' which were very cordially and gracefully acknowledged. At a quarter before 12 o'clock appeared the second procession, consisting of the royal family and household, occupying eleven carriages. The first six contained the household, and the remaining five the members of the royal family, the last being occupied by her Royal High ness the Crown Princess of Prussia and her little son; Prince William of Prussia. Each carriage, as it passed, was heartily chieered. Prince Leopold and Prince Arthur were in Highland. costume, and they appeared highly to enjoy their reception. But, perhaps, the most enthusiastic cheering up to this point was for the Crown Princess of Prussia.. She was looking extremely well, and her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great advantage as she partially rose from lisr seat in acknowledgment of the public acclamations; Next followed, at 12 o'clock -pre- cisely; the procession of ' the bridegroom. Tfiere were six carriages, five of which were occupied1 by members of the different royal households, and in the last sat his royal highness the bridegroom, -and the reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and the ! Crown Prince of Prussia, Ms supporters or groomsmen. With white shoulder-knots, and collar of the Order of the Garter over his bright uniform; he had a gallant and noble look, and with grace and - animation repeatedly acknowledged the hearty plau dits with which he was received. In another quar ter of an hour came the procession of the bride, shorter but incomparably more interesting than any of its predecessors. Trumpets and Life Guards sel dom before appealed to such beatinghearts as on this occasion. There were, only four carnages. Iii the first, second, and third, came chamberlains and ladies in attendance ; and in the fourth appeared, to the infinite delight of the thousands of spectators, the bride, supported by tho Duke of Cambridge and Prince ? Christian of Denmark. As their royal highnesses passed down the line the out bursts :6f affectionate devotion exceeded, if that were possible, the exhibition of the previous Satur day. .She looked very, pale; but there was a re markable expression of sweetness in her eyes which .showed that the pallor was occasioned by the novelty of her situation, and not by any sentiment of melan choly or distrust.' The white veil falling lightly from her head, and the wedding wreath that sat gracefully upon her forehead, formed one of the most charming pictures the imagination of a painter could conceive. The several processions now entered St George's Church. Many of the most distinguished families and persons in the empire were represented on these benches. The sight was one of marvellous splen dour and beauty, as may be inferred from, the fact that the number of ladies exceeded , that of gentle men by three to one. It was the wish of the sove reign that bright colors should be avoided, and that mauve,' lavender, or light blue should be worn. Tho result was charming, because it produced a harmony of color such as has never been witnessed before. There is a mysterious reception chamber, hidden by the rich foldB of a vast drapery of purple silk, and within are waiting the invited guests of tho Queen, ready, to form into a procession, when tho proper moment comes. On a sudden — far remote indeed — are heard from the world beyond the walls the bars of ' God Save the Queen,' and as they are yet sounding near and nouror, the purple curtain is drawn back, and there enters into the nave the pro cession of the royal guests. Prominent amongst them, or rather flrst, for he heads tho procession, ig Jug Higfcnepa PlwJeen S,H1gh-~ fche repvesPBtfltivo, of the glories of the Khalsa,' the descendant* of the Lion of Lahore, resplendent in cloth of gold kirkob. -' When these had all passed into the chapel, the music ceased, and silence followed for a little while. Then once more the' purple curtain was thrown open, „ IHe trumpets gave forth their peal to the roll of the kettledrums, and the train of pursuivants and heralds, two by two, marched slowly towards the chapel, heading the great .procession of the royal family and the Queen's household. The ap pearance of the young princesses of . England elicited a universal expression of profound ad miration and sympathy. And when the Crown Princess of Prussia 'came, leading by the hand his little Royal Highness Prince William of Prussia, whose tiny gait was revealed by a Highland costume, .a soft sound stole through the nave, which the genius of the place alone repressed from swelling into an enthusiastic development. Again the flourish' of trumpets and the roll of drums awaken the echoes of the chapel, and the procession of the bridegroom enters, and passes up the nave. Another brief interval, and the curtain opens again and the last procession emerges, in the midst of ( which, radiant alike with fear and nope, the bride ' advances, her train being held by eight unmarried daughters of dukes, marquises, and earls. Up the centre of the chapel is a rich carpet worked at the borders with the prince's plume and motto, and his own and his bride's monogram. -^Near the altar is a raised' dais approached by three broad steps, and giving an ample platform fpr the accommodation of the bridal party. It is covered with garter-blue velvet! cloth, on which is worked the old heraldic Tudor rose, encircled by the motto of the garter. Around are crimson and gold seats with fringes and tassels of bullion. Screens have been removed on all sides, and, accommodation benches provided for the invited guests. A special place, that nearest to^the altar, is reserved for the , Royal Academician, Mr W. P. Frith, who, in full court costume, sits here to iake his drawings for the great picture of the Royal Marriage, which he is to paint by command, and for the copyright of which a higher sum has' been paid than was ever before offered for any picture. Above the altar, on the left, jutting out from the wall, is ,the s royal pew, covered, with quaint old carving, and still; ' more curious heraldic emblazonments, built in the , days of Henry VII., when kings., were expected to be present at' the ''low -'.or. kneeling 'mass every morning. Part of the panelling is removed from the , front, and its antique, window-sills are draped with, massive folds of purple velvet, fringed richly and deeply with bullion lace. , This is for her Majesty, i and the floor of the pew has been heightened inside, so that the window sills reach' no higher, than about a foot from, the floor, that her Majesty might see and be seen as she was throughout the ceremony. The; moving out of heralds and others in gorgeous official costumes, and the universal buzz of expectation,' announce the rapid, approach of the hour when the crowning act of the day is to be solemnised. ' People begin to arrive to. take their, places in the stalls. All are in full court, dress, with the exception that vthey wear no trains, and all, without exception, are dressed in velvet or satin either of blue, mauve, or violet color, the latter being the prevailing tone. All too, wear feathers and diamonds in their hair, and , some show tiaras of brilliants almost large enough to fonn head-dresses, so completely do the glitter-' \- ing jewels cover the head like a regal1 crown. All the gentlemen are. in full official uniform, and wear the chief insignia of whatever orders they have the ?. r honor to possess, collars and badges in the fullest state. It is now' a quarter to 12, and the- Arch bishop of Canterbury enters, followed by the Bishop of London, .attending as Dean of the (Jhapels Koyal ; the ijishop ol Oxford, as Chancellor of the Order of s the Garter; the Bishop of Winchester, , as its Prelate ; the . Bishop of Chester, as Clerk of the Closet ; and the Dean of Windsor, as Registrar of the Order of the Garter, with the canons and minor canons of the chapel. The suffragan bishops stand aside as the dais is reached,, and make way for the Primate, who passes at orjee to the north of the altar, and the dean, robed in scarlet, with the canons, take their , places to the south. For a minute the. prelates kneel in prayer, then rise and stand in line inside the rails. This is followed by. a slight rustle of silks and clinking of jewelled orders as nearly the whole corps diplomatique come in and take their places underneath the Royal pew — showing literally like a cluster of gold , and jewels that equals even the appearance of the Knights of the Garter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which evon whispers are audible, and the rustle of the dresses conies with a noise as their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around. Suddenly there is just a porceptible; movement— a kind of consciousr ness that something has occurred which tells at once that the ? Queen . is either coming or has come, and all eyes, are quietly, directed towards the quaint old pew in the wall. In another instant the Queen herself appears, accompanied by his Royal Highness the Duke of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, the brother of the late prince, and as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance al most startling as he stands by the side of her Ma jesty. The Queen wears, the simplest and plainest of widow's weeds— a widow's cap, a black silk dress with white collar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colors which appear upon her are the star, of the order of the Garter, and its blue riband, narrowed to the width her Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner ; : and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief . , : and care stamped on every lineament of her features. . She stands at the window of the royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen . at all by those on the opposite side of the choir . glancing quietly iuto the interior. After a few minutes she seats hersolf a little away from the window, and the duke retires, the lion. Mrs R.Bruce, , . clad, like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his ; . place. It is 12 o'clock, and the noise of cheering can be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after . , a few minutes by .the great rustle and peculiar hum which tho great mass of visitors in the nave make on .rising. The first of the three processions is at ? . . hand, but no one moves in the choir till tho glitter ing .file is seen, headed by heralds and great '.officers , of state, coming rank in. rank in stately order, filing off to the right and left as they enter tho choir, till they reach the dais, which none but the most illus trious may ascend. Of the loyal personages, it may bo remarked here that none attracted more notice, than the* bride's mother, the Princess Christian, and her two young daughters, the Princesses Dagmar and Thyra, the younger being apparently about 10 years of ago. These princesses are both remarkably ; . .. handsome, and the.elder bears a strong resemblance Jo her sister, the' Princess Alexandra. It m.u.st, however, be confessed that their royal mother mono polised attention, and perhaps equally excited surprise. The Princess Christian looks more like a j sister of the bride than her mother. Her beauty, her courtly gait, and her superb and. exquisite cos tume, rivetted every eye. In point of magnificence j of apparel the Princess Christian was perhaps the ] most striking personage in the entire ceremonial, j The body and train of her dress were composed of J 'the'richest violet-colored velvet ; the skirt of white ! moke antique, elaborately worked with gold thread. ! Upon the boddice ' were djamond ornaments, and on the -head a diamond tiara with white plumes, while across the breast stretched the scarlet and- white ribbon of Denmark. As soon as the royal guests had taken then1 places^ Dhuleep Singh and1 the Prince ! of Leinirigen occupying seats in front of the altar on the southern side, the procession of the royal family and the Queen's household appeared. The Princess Mary of Cam bridge, her magnificent train borne' by Lady Edith Somerset, moves up the choir with the most stately grace. &p; she passes in, the Duchess of Cambridge follows ?with like state and ceremony, and then the Prin cess Beatrice, Princess Louise, and Princess Helena ascend in turn, followed by the Princes. Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the royal tartan. The next' is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants ; then the Princess Royal, looking as young, as amiable, and as timid as when, with slow steps, she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Royal, but this time leading by the hand a fine little boy. Again the kettle- drums and trumpets. This time all rise, ; except the Queen herself, and remain standing respectfully, for it is the bridegroom that approaches. He comes slowly up the choir, partly followed, and partly accompanied by the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince, of Prussia. The ' Wed ding March' is played as they advance, and the Queen rises and comes fully forward as the Haut Pas is reached, and the three ascend and turn in line towards her, bowing deeply. The Duke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince of Prussia .re tire to the south side of the aljfcar, arid' the bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds in prayer, rises and stands '' the rose and . expectancy, of this fair state,' in the centre of the Haut Pas, alone, with bis face towards the Queen. At last with a great clangour of trumpets, which at first are muffled .into a rich indistinctaess behind the curtains, the long looked for procession of the bride enters, and . the prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of the fact of the .arrival, keeps his eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his ' head again till his affianced bride stands beside him. The Queen imme- . diately rose, and, bending forward from her closet, stood prepared to receive and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment the sun .broke out in great brilliancy, and shining down into the chapel, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, and ' seemed to illuminate the shadow recessed about the altar— happy augury, let us hope, of the sunshine, of the heart that will rest on the princess and her. home. The hush was now so deep and breath leBS that even the restless glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere, seemed almost to break it, and, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated. eveiy word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as the hum and rustle in the nave beyond showed the young bride to be drawing near. ; In another minute she had entered, and stood the fairest and almost 'the youngest of all' her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her; Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, deli cate bloom of color which ordinarily imparts a look of joyous happiness to her expressive features, had all but disappeared as, with head, bent down, but glancing her eyes occasionally from side to side, she moved slowly up towards the altar. Seen as she now appeared, her golden brown hair contrasting with the wreath of orange blossoms and the rich veuV depending from it, her deep eyes flashing from under its shadow, and her regular features as exquisitely formed as the ideal of a 3eolptor, it is no exagger ation to say that she fascinated the admiration of all who had the good fortune to behold her. Everybody is absorbed by this charming bride. She alone of all that magnificient assemblage is now watched with anxious and loving eyes. From the way in which her face is shaded by . the veil and her looks are bent ' forward as she advances, it is difficult to soo her features more fully, but as she nears the altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears be neath the folds of her veil a large bouquet of orange flowers, carried in a princely gift from the Maha rajah Dhuleep Singh. The bouquet was composed of orange blossoms, white rose buds, rare orchideous flowers, and sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming of Honiton lace. The myrtle was sent from Osborne, and was taken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of the Princess Royal. It is her Majesty's desire to have myrtle plants kept in the gardens |at Osborne reared from each of the bridal bouquets of the royal family. The dress of the bride is also an object of interest which we must intemipt the narrative for a moment to describe. It consists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with chatelains of orange blossoms, myrtle and bouffants of tulle with Honiton lace; the train of silvor moiro antique trimmed with bouffants of tulle, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle ; the body of the dress trimmed to corres pond. The necklace, earrings, and brooch, of pearls, and diamonds, which were the gift of his Royal'1 Highness the Prince of Wales ; riviere of diamonds, given by the corporation of London ; opal and dia mond bracelet, given by the Queen ; diamond brace let, given by the ladies of Leeds ; and an opal and diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Manchester. Her -royal highness's gorgeous train' -of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of 15 and 20, tho very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houses. It is quite superfluous to say how they looked, as robed in snowy white,, and wrapped in veils, they followed their royal mistress with soft footsteps, though as they were not going to be married, they seemed to think themselves relieved from the necessity of looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and hear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as. this. Their dresses were all of white— a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that mado them seem etherial in thoir lightness, as partly vuupped in long veils they passed as noise lessly as a vision. Slowly the bride reaches the Haut Paa. Handel's march from 'Joseph 'had been played at entering, but all music had ceased as the party stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn words of the chorale. The exquisitely soft music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the late Prince Consort. As the solemn ohant ended, the prelates advanced : tor the communion rails, and the Primate, in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building, choir, . and nave; commenced the service with the usual formulary, 'Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God and in the face of this congregation to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.' There is a solemn pause after that, solemn adjuration in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage,1 and then, aftei a moment, the Primate passed on to 'Wilt 'thou, Albert Edward, have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after Gcd's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor, and keep her in sickness and in health ; and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?' To this the prince rather bowed than responded, his utterance was so indis tinct. To the same question, 'Wilt thou, Alexan dra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband '?' the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every ear was Btrained to catch it. ?' To. the question ' Who giveth this woman to be married to this man ?' the royal father of the bride only bowed and moved towards the princess, : who was removing her glove hurriedly. Then the Priinate joined their hands, and in a clear, soft voice, firmly- and deliberately repeated the words :— ' With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my wordly. goods I thee endow; m the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' All then knelt down, and then they rose, while the Primate joined their hands and .said the final words, ' Those whom God hath joined to gether let no man put asunder.' With these words, which in law completed the marriage ceremony, the service was continued to the 67th Psalm, the solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of all within the choir as the words went pealing spf Uy through both nave and aisle. Then was continued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the guns in: the long walk were heard booming forth, and the steeples throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound. The Primate raising his voice, solemnly pronounced the benediction, during which the Queen, who had been more deeply affected, knelt and buiied her face in her handkerchief. The bride and bridegroom then joined hands, and, turning to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting .to the princess, quitted the closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colors of waving plumes, and flaming jewels, but of the choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with how much deep hope and' true devotion the marriage of; the second Prince of Wales was cele brated in St. George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir the organ and the bond went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Beethoven : — Hallelujah to the Father : And the Son of God; , Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, in holy songs of joy, Worlds unborn shall sing his glory, The exalted Son of God. - Little remains to chronicle. As soon as the august ceremony was over, the bride, having first received : the salutation of the Lord Chamberlain, took the arm of her husband, and returned down the choir, and beneath the organ to the nave. Every head bowed, and invoked a blessing as they passed; and it was a brave sight to see the royal family, the foreign princes, and the princesses with their costly trains, sweep along the nave; and follow her into that gorgeous reception room to offer her. their congratulations. It is an interesting incident in the events of the day that the Queen returning privately from the royal closet, waited at the grand entrance of the. castle for the arrival of the prince and princess, and was the first person to receive and congratulate them ; which she did with an expression of profound emotion. The illustrious company being now collected in the castle, the marriage was attested in due form in the Green Drawing Room and White Room by the royal guests, the church dignitaries, the Lord Chancellor, and other ministers of the Crown, andM. de Bille, the Danish minister. The royal guests were then con: ducted to the dining-room, where a magnificent dejeuner was served. In-'' St. George's Hall, a similar entertainment was served to the diplomatic corps, the ladies in waiting, and to the very numer ous company present at the ceremony of the marriage, in the choir of the chapel, amounting to about 400 per sons. Immediately after the dejeuner, the Knights of the Garter, the Ministers of the Crown, the Arch bishop and Bishops, and other guests left the castle. At four o'clock their Royal High nesses the Prince and Princess of Wales took their departure for her Majesty's marine residence, Osborne, Isle of Wight. Their royal highnesses were conducted down the grand stair case by the Lord Steward, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness, the Treasurer of the House hold, the Vice-Chamberlain, and the Comptroller of the Household. The members of the Danish royal family, and most of the royal visitors, followed the Prince and Princess to the grand entrance, where the Princess of Wales took leave of her parents and . other relatives. Their royal highnesses entered an open carriage and four, and, preceded by outriders, in scarlet liveries, passed slowly round the quad- . rangle of tho castle. Many of tho ladies and gentlemen of the Queen's household were present at the entrance to witness the departure of their royal highnesses. Soon the train had disappeared, and, so for as re garded Windsor, the ceremony was at an end. Their royal highnesses reached Cowes at ten minutes past seven, when an address was presented from the mayor and corporation of Ryde. The royal carriages were in waiting at the Trinity house landing place, and in a few minutes the prince and princess were driven to Osbonie. Darkness had fallen upon the landscape when the royal couple entered the grounds .of Osborne. The day had been one of extraordinary excitement and. fatigue; and a grateful feeling of repose may be presumed to have succeeded to tho flutter of publicity, as the sounds of the cheering died away in the distance, and were replaced by tho perfect tranquillity and stillness of the retirement which they were now to enjoy for a few days. But not the less gratifying, we may venture to believe, was the impression which the loyalty and devotion of the people had make upon their hearts. May it be productive of solid happiness to them and to us in the future ! . 