SATUR DAT, SPSS 13, 1863. In the Lrgielative Council yesterday, ? The Immigration Bill was taken up in com- mittee. Various clauses were amonded.-and the bill reported. ¡ The Council then adjourned till Tuesday nxxt. In the Legislutivo Assembly yesterday, Mr. M'Le-LAN ¡presented a repoit from tlie Select Committee on tbo Olaiins of Guli! Prospectors. ' Mr. Stmokland gave notice of his inten- tion to bring under the notice of'the Govern- ment the state of the roads aud bridges injured by the late floods, with a viow to a sum being placed on the Supplementary Esti- mates for tho assistance of ¡ocal boards in whose districts damage had been done. lu answer to Mr. Macgregor, Mr. O'shanassy btated that a regulation had existed sine« 1852, by which a public ser- vant who desired to obtain leave of absence for twelve months on the ground of ill health must obtaiu a certificate from tho chief medical officer. The Civil Servio Act ODly continued that regulation, and a check such as it imposed was absolutely necessary. In answer to Dr. Macadam, j, Mr. O'shanassy said the fees went to the chief medical officer. Mr. Hain-S laid on tho tablo the corres pondenco and regulations as to Ministerial pensions. In ausvver to Mr. Macgregor, Mr. Haines said he w.ib advised that ho was bound to issue his receipts iu exchange for those issued by land officers for purchases of land. Sir. Francis gave notice of resolutions, which he would move on Wed nef day next, in favour of bonuses being offered for the pro- duction Of cloth, blankets, and other articles of colonial manufacture. ' ' Ia answer to Dr. Mackay, , Dr. Evans stateel that the Survey depart- ment was at present endeavouring to asccit.titi the best route for a line of telegraph be- tween Melbourne and Gipps Land The first part of the line would be contracted for im mediately, and also the putt on the cost sido oí the Dividing Rango. Dr. Mackay presented the report of tbe Partnerships Committee. Mr. Loader gave notice of motion for a select committee on the bubj'ect of Melbourne being mado a free port as'ïegard» harbour charges. 1 The liouBe then proceeded to consider thq Council's amendments on tlio Passage-brokers Bill. , Mr. Anderson assented to the amendment as to tho issue of contract tickets; but proposed the addition of words excepting stcam-veEsels from tho operation of the clause, which was agreed to. The House went into committee on the Municipal Institutions Act Amendment Bill. On tho 171th clause, Mr. Heales proposed that the exemption of ministers and schoolmasters from rates should bo struck out. Mr. O'GiUDr supported the amendment. Mr. O'SHANASSY-thought the services ren- dered to society by ministers and school- masters should Btcuro exemption for them. « The amendment was negatived by 19 to 17. On the 176th c1 au=e-"power to impose separate rates "-considerable discussion took place. Ultimotely it was amended and agreed to. On clause 177, Mr. O'Gradï; movod the omission of the proviso limiting the rateable value of unoccu- pied arable land, woodlands, market-gardens, &c;, to one-third only of the annual net value. , Mr. Wood said he had no particular love for the proviso. The amendment was then agreed to, and on the 280th clause, progress was reported. The Supreme Courts Bill was lecommlttcd and amcudtd. Tho House then adjourned. The íramers of tlio Constitution Act bequeathed, in tlio 51st section, a most' miscliievous legacy to the country. When Mr. Leslie Foster and Ms colleagues, having secured their own pensions, showed their gratitude to their com- placent supporters by determining that everybody else should be pensioned, they could hardly have foreseen how fertile a source of vexation their liberality would prove. Within eight years of the pass- ing of tho Constitution Act there is ac- tually, at the present day, nearly one-half of tho members of the Lower House who have inchoate lights to pensions. Almost every other gentleman in Parlia- ment is now a pensionary in prospective. And at tho present rato of Ministerial ' crises, there will ,in a few years bo left nobody in the House who has not been a Minister. Nor is there any provision, in the act which secures us at least against a return of the persons pen- sioned 'to active political life. The normal idea of a pensionary is of a man who" has exhausted himself in the service of the power which pensions who is worn out in tho dischargo of his duties, and who signifies, by the very re- ceipt of his retiring allowance, that lie is no longer competent to work. But tho Victorian political pension convoys no such meaning. Wo pay our money, and wo don't get rid of tho men. Thoy rise, like Banctxto's ghost, to haunt the scenes of their old activity. They will not dio comfortably, liko honest Christians,' but remain busy_ and vigorous, to crowd the stage of Parliamentary life long after | they are logically and constitutionally defunct and non-existenb. '* I Acting on tho rules of common-sense i alone, wc should not long hesitate as to I what should bo done with the pensions. | All payments for political services ought to be abolished at once and for even The ölst section of the Constitution Act had its source in a most iniquitous job, and it ought to be repealed. There is no leason whatever in theprovisiónit makes forpen sions to certain political offices. It is the height of absurdity ^ to -suppose that a fhrin. cannot' servo this ' state Jfor "two years without; requiring a retiring allow .nnca of a thousand a-year or so. Tho principle of such a pension is precisely the same as of payment of members, and it is equally objectionable. A lncm ber of Parliament who, by the turn of the political whee], is advanced into a Ministerial office, take3 that office chiefly for the honour, dignity, and perhaps emolument, which belong to it. The idea of serving tlio state is a purely secondary ono with him, and need not be entertained at all. All such responsible " political officers aro clearly in a different position from the ordinary executive servants of the state, < In the first place, they aro not appointed, even by Parliament, necessarily from any idea that each is the fittest'mau for the place which he fills. Ministers, as a rule, ap- point themselves. They tako ófrico on the express understanding that they hold it only so long as they can command a political majority in tlio House. Office is with them, in fact, simply an expression of political itscendancy a means e£ promoting and of rewarding the interests of theil' party. The true ^significance of responsible government would bo destroyed, if wo weieto regard Ministers in any other light-if we were 'to" hold them as a sort of qualified exe- cutive officers, whose service is to tin measured by the same standard which "we should-npply to that of a policeman or a Treasury clerk. To give a Minister, therefore, a pension for two years of 'such service is a palpable absurdity. There was eood reason wliv we should have pensioned the original Ministe! s who weie displaced by the operation of ihc Constitution Act; but there is no reason at all v. hy we should continue to pension all future Minis'ers, whose 'entrance into office, and whose letireiuent from it, are icgulatcd entirely by tho chances of political warfare», and who discharge a sort of duty which can no "more be measured or assessed than th" it which a rnenibei of Parliament peifoims foV his constituents. '" l '' '* In dealing with the question of'poli- tical pensions, as it now stands,' there w, doubtless, considerable difficulty in the application of the principle we have here laid down. Tlio giound ia not clear for U3 to legislate upon pen- sions. The Constitution Act has bound us to a solemn covenant with the'Ci own, which cannot he iepud,atccl .it our plea- sure. Those persons who have acquired lights under the 51st section oí the act, are clearly entitled to ¡»ive their rights íespected. It is butter th.tt theie should bo no pensions at all, but, as the case noA' stands, we cannot refuse to recognize the claims which have giown np undci tho exist- ing law, in whatever stage of lipenc&s; those claims may be. Tlio woidmg of the act does, indeed, leave us m some doubt as to how theso claims shall bo satisfied ; and there is high legal au 'thority in f.tvoui of tho doctrine, that when any, Minio ter has served the necessary two jears, his light to a pen- sion has simply acciued, without the pension being dcmandable at pl°asuie. The 51st section requires that the Governor and the Executive Council shall frame regulations, in confoimity with the Enghsh Pension Act of William IV., in accordanco with which the pen- sions shall he gi anted. The Executive Council has complied with this require- ment, and ha? drawn up ceilaln regula- tions, proving in what manner the ¿4,000 a-year, which, under the schedule, is available for the purpose, shall be dispensed. So far,' theio is nothing iii the action of Ministers which is not in strict accoidance with the law. It has been determined that only four persons at a time shall share in Ihc sum yeaily set apait for political pensions. But it is not settled by what process those who arc qualified by the requited length of service shall come into tho enjoyment of their right ; and it is piobable that nothing else than a decieo of the Supreme Ooiut can finally deteunine this important question. The resolution adopted by the Legis-' lative Council, on the motion of -Mr. Hervey, inquiring -Mirasteis not to award any pensions without submitting their regulations to Parliament, is cer tainly contrary to the spirit and lcttei of the Constitution Act. Tho aigumcnt of Mr. Fellows, on tins point, appears to us to bo incontrovei tibie. The sum íeservcd for political pensions in this colony forms pa'rt of the Civil List granted to Heu" Majesty, in return for certain pàvileges con- ferred through the Constitution Act. The colony is bound to account for that sum to the Loids of thev Treasuiy. There is nothing in the act which authorises the local Legislatuie to interfere with the adininhtiation of any part of the Civil List, ándito do so is clearly an encroachment on the preroga- tives of tho Crown as well as a violation"1 of the compact entered into between the colony and the mother country. The 46 th section of the Constitution Act does, indeed, provide that detailed ac-, counts of the several .suni3 expended under thp , act should be laid be- fore the two Houses of the Victorian Parliament, but it does not give the local Legislature any power to contiol this expenditure, The 51st section, in pro- viding how the pension regulations shall be framed, does not require those regulations to be submitted to Pailia ment, or to be- confirmed by its voice. In fact, the act leaves no room for tho local Legislature to interioro in any way with the disposition of a sum which is classed as pait of tho Civil List appropiiated to Hexi Majesty, and which is, accordingly, out of" our control altogether. Thisis equally cical- as that there is no provision for the manner in which this paiticular sum of ¿£4,000 a-year should bo dispensed. As to tlio claims which have already accrued under the 51st section of the Constitution Act, thoy cannot be affected by any resolutions of either House of Parliament.. Whether those claims arc equitable in pi inciplc oi not, it is clear that they have legally alison,'and nothing but au appeal to tho Supreme^ Com t can determine the question of their validity. This being the condition of the pensions question, it is idle to declaim against the .action taken by Ministers, or to in- voke tee aid of* Parliament against them. MiniSteia have. dono.nothing but what by^tuo lay- they* we.ro required to do. They ^cannot, give pensions to themselves by any regulations they may name. Then- present action has, in fact, no legitimate connexion with the abstract question of whether .pensions should be given or not. The Legislature is perfectly competent to express its opinion on this last point, but it cannot repu- diate the terms of the bargain ' made betweon the Queen and this colony, or refuse to render to Her Majesty the ftrJJLOivil, List piovidcd for her under the Constitution Act It niay be reasonably hoped that at length the port of Melbourne is in a fair way of being provided with a giaving dock, That Melbourne should have be- come the important and busy place it is without one, is tho strongest possible evidence of the wondeiful' strength and \ igour of its youth, and of its manifest light to bo the central chipping depot of the -Australian colonies. H«d that right been assumed meiely,-had we hitherto usurped' a' placo to which \vû"Jiavc no natural ' claims, - the injurious effects of this great want must . soon have shown, 'itself.in a manner all but f.ital to our reputation. As it ia, those cifucts have been sufficiently evident and serious. The fact, that wc have risen thus f.ir without so necessary au adjunct to a great city, would prove our inherent i ight to the finit place amongst southern ports to the "most obstinate and jealous otvjeqtC/r. ' Melbourne,, in thc^ plenitude of lier power, attained her present proud position without adcquaîo aceoiamoda titm for the shipping that crowds her port ; but she must not presume too much upon her advantages. She mu>t. not ventuie loo long to dis- pense with accommodation io shippers, which many a town,of half her import- ance, and with a tenth of her shipping, would have been foiced to provide. We have already Tost"óuo very great source of wealth, -by driving the Peninsular and Oriental Company's .steamers to Sydney for ' dook t accommodation, and are threatened with otheis. "It will bo ad mittcdf on all hands, then, that the Chamber of Commerce is doing good serrico to tho country by'urging on the Government the necessity for the im- mediate construction of a dry-dock. It_ says but little for tho spirit of enterprise amongst the merchants and .shipowners of Melbourne, and less for the foresight of the Govei-iimc-nt, that a want so long and so keenly felt has not been supplied years ago. At no other port of isimilar commercial stand- ing is so absoluto an essential as tv graving-dock wanting. Our own imme- diate neighbour and rival, Sydney, has, and ' hits had for years, two very fine woiks of this kind; and Bombay, Cal- cutta, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Mau- ritius, arc all excellently rwell provided in this respect. Melbourne alone, which employs, in the' trade some of tlio most inaguiíieent' vessels iii tlio world, provides for their accommodation nothing!better than a patent slip, hitherto inefficiently managed, and to which -no owner of ordinary prudeuco w'ould like to trust a ship of much over one thousand tons.l This is a" crying evil, and we have already .had an example of how in- juriously the interests of the port are affected »by it. When tho present mail contract was being negotiated with the Peninsular 'and Oriental Company, '. the Victorian Government guaranteed the entire colonial subsidy on 'certain conditions, one of which was, ,that Melbourno¡ should be the 'terminus of the line., This offer was at any rate provisionally accepted, and it is well 'known tliat but for the want of dock accommodation, the necessary arrangement would at once have been made. It is, however, absolutely requi- site to dock tho mail steamers every voyage, and to "do this' it would have boen 'necessary to send those vessels to Sydney, at a ruinous cost, as' soon after their arrival each month as practicable. No wonder, therefore, that the,directors of, the company-New South Wales coining to its senses in the i matter, and tendering - an additional sum for the conveyance ot the mails,to Sydney gladly closed with an .offer which.paid them for woik which they would other- wise have had to perform, ^for their own sakes,r for nothing, and took them rto a port where their steamers could always oe properly and efficiently care'd for. Thus we lo3t the advantages which would accrue to this port as tlio ter- minus of the mail line of steamers, and which so liberal a proceeding as the guaiantee of =660,000 a-year should cer- tainly secure, simply for want of those ordinary accommodations which places of half the wealth or importance have possessed for years. _ There is no time to lose in this matter. Iron is fast superseding wood in ship-building at the preterit time, and we may shortly expect the first of a fleet of vessels con- structed of this material, and built ex- pressly, for this trade, to arrive here. Every one knows how iron vessels " foul" at sea, and constantly require dock- ing'merely to clean them. What aie we to do with theso ships 1 Aro they also to be driven to Sydney, because we are so wanting in enterprise, or our Govern- ment so timid'or parsimonious, that we cannot, with all the resources of Victoria at our back, accomplish such a work as has long been carried through hy a private citizen of tho sister metropolis? Again, ive shall have a fortnightly mail, we hope, at no distant period, and could we ofFer the contractors sufficient accommo- dation for their steamers, there would bo little difficulty, wo imagine, in ar- ranging for our being made the terminal .port¥ under this contract.' We shall ho called to pay towards it, as we do to the present line, a larger sum than all'the other colonies put together, and as it is not improbable that Sydney, still hankeiing after the Panama scheme,, will refuse to contribute at all, it is possible that wo may again bo required to guarantee tho entire colonial sub- sidy. Wo should certainly,"' then, be iu a position to dictate , our own teims, and yet, notwithstanding this, unless . somo immediate action be taken, we shall be unable to do so, or even to reap any of the advantages to which wo aro justly entitled. -~We-need not-here touch-upon the maiiy^eaeiUs"1 we" shoiild reap in the way of sales "of* stores, employment of labour, aüd general gaiu to trade, by our port being the terminus for the Peninsular ; and Oriental Company's steamers ; these will at once occur to the minds of any business-men. Well, the report of the inspector-gene- ral of public" "storks, published in, Tues- day's Argus, ought to at once lead to the supply .of our deficiency in this direction. The first outlay, it is shown, would be Höfling.' Clarke's- patent would cost, with the addition of channel and basin, but ¿£77,000 ; and Mr, Sparkes told the Chief Secretary that tlrô Pcninsuhr and Oriental Company's s'teamers now paid £G,000 for dock ac- commodation at Sydney. Six thousand pounds is no bad interest upon a capital of seventy seven thousand. The patent slip has lotumed'£2,000 a-year to Govern- ment, and this, as Mr. Blackwood ob- served, would give some idea ,of the revenue which might be derived from a graving-dock. Upon the question of site, thora can hardly be two opinions, if judged, as it should be, upon purely public grounds." No one can look at a good map, and see Sandridge exposed to the full violcnco of our blustering southerly, south-easteily, and south westcily gale3, and Williamstown,.''com " pletely sheltered from the effects of i' any gate likely to cause a sea high " .enough to be of any consequence," and not say that Williamstown is tho .fittest site. Moreover, it is pointed out that at Williamstown, the dock would adjoin, and form part of the present riaient slip, "and could,'therefore,' be " moie economically worked." It would be on a silo where tho whole business of a dockyard could be carried on with great advantage, from the facilities it alfords for' enlarging the wor!;3 to any extent likely to be íequired, from its being close to xthc Government 'railways, and, adds tho inspector-general, fiom its '. being the best site in 'the ' whole of " Hobson's Bay for any future scheme of " clocks for shipping, to which, I need " not point out, a dockyard, slip, and " graving-dock, .would form' a most "-valuable addition." And it detracts no iota from the sound sense and entire practicability of the scheme, that it is the commencement of a plan for accom- modation' which the Commissioner ot Public Works, with no unstatesuianlikp foresight, anticipates " would not be " requiied for the next fifty or ahuudrod '.'j-jnrs," Theio will, doubtless, -be interested persons to tell us that Sandridge is the best site for a graving-dock. But if the piesent and futuie intciesta of the public at largo be consulted ns they should be,. to the exclusion of piivate interests, wo, have no fear but that Williams town will gain the day. The Legiilative Assembly was engnqed during nearly tho whole of the sitting jesttr day, in. discussing, in committee, the clauses of tho Municipal Institutions Act Amend- ment Bill. Various ^amendments were modo, and some clauses postruaed ; and ou the 280th clause progress was reported, at mid- night. " Mr. Francis, last night, gave notice, in tho L-'giFlattvc Asstmbly, that he would ou an early day submit a lesolntion in favour of bopuscs being offered for the manufacturo of cloth (tweed), blankefcj, de, in the colony. Last night, Mr. Haines laid on tho table of tho Legislativ- Assembly the correspondence and regulations asked for by Mr. Brooke on tho subject of pensions to responsible Minis- ters. They weie ordered to bo laid on the table. At a late hour Mr. llaines moved that thry bo printed, which was agreed to. Dr. Evans stated lost night, in answer to Dr. Mackay, that the Survey department was at'present endeavouring to ascertain by sur- vey the best lino for on electric telegraph between Melbourno aud Gipps Laud. Tho lion, member stated that, so far, a certain line seemed to be tho best ; bat as ho turned his back upon the gallery, and addressed tho hon. member for Hoith Gipps Land personally, only a word here and there could bo heaid by the reporters. In answor to a second ques- tion, the Postmaster General stated that con- tracts for the portions of the line nearest Melbourne, and on the cast side of the Dividing Hange, would bo taken immedi- ately^ Thé Immigration Bill pa'Becl through com nutteo in the Legislative! Council yesterday, and the adoption of tbe report waa made an order of the day for Tuesday next. In the course of its passage the Council amended the bill so as to make it necessary that the views of the agent-general and the cominiBiiouers sitting in London should ba in accord. In case of such a difference of opinion aiising as should make it necessary to appeal to the Government of Ibis colony, the agent-general, it is now provided, will not act on his own views until a decision is received. The Council also struck out the bonus to sub agents for eaoh immigrant they sent out. 'Iho'complaint of WCaw v. Drakford, for destroying postere, was again brought forward yesteiday in the Disttict Court. On the pre- vious day, it was stated by the defence, that the defendant had been given tho exclusive right to post bills on tho premises in question bv Mr. Politz, owner of the premises. It was postponed to allow Mr. Politz to appear, and support that statement. Yesterday, tho reison employed as manager for Mr. Politz stated that he had given permission to Drakfoid to post theatre bills at tho placo mentioned, and told him to tear down any hills not theatre bills -which, might bo posted by any other party. In answer lo a question from the man employed by tho plaintiff to post 1Ü3 bills, witness said ho hod given him permission, also, to post at the premises, but only for theatre bills. Upon this tho complaint was dismissed, with £1 Is. costs In a subsequent case, Patrick Boland, a constable, summoned William Wiight for an assault.. Complainant said, à little after midnight, on the 9th of June, he was called by a man named William Cullen, to talto the defendant into custody for an assault upon the brother of Cullen. Ho went to the place, but on attempting to take defendant into custody, he assaulted him, and tore his coat io pieces. After a strugglo, he became so ex- hausted that ho could not retain tho defend- ant, who escaped. Ho then' called William Cullon. This witness said ho objected to jneak of tho assault, as ho and his brother had settled it with the défendante On being told ho was to answer all questions that weio put to him, ho owned to having a ''neighbourly quarrel" with iho defendant on tho occasion referred to. 'He exhibited tho greatest reluctance to make any, statement re- flecting on the defendant, and was repeatedly cautioned hy Mr. Hackett, He said the defen- dant struck his brother," und knocked him down. Ho did not seo him kick himTL called Constable Boland, and pave defendant into custody He did not sde him strike th constable. Ho misted the constable but did not strike him. Ho believed defendant toofc ' hold of the constable. Defendant did notTet away from the constable ¡ he believed the con stable let him go. Tho witness'scontradictioM and prevarications were bo gross that at this stage Mr. Hackett committed him to gaol for forty-eight horns. Upon this, the witne« < begged the Bench to hear him; he would fell the whole truth. Mr. Hackett conBented to give him another chance. Ho then, althouah. still with the greatest reluctance, responded to the questions of the complainant's attorney Ile saw the defendant catch hold of the con! stable, but he did not know if it was by the throat. Ho did not hear the constable say ha was choking, neither did ho seo his coat torn Hia brother,' Henry Cullen, was then called who gave his evidence 'in a similar manner Ho own«! he wai knocked down by the dofen'. dant. When down, ho wns kicked, he believed by the defendant ; he did not know if iuten. tioually. The reluctant testimony of this and the last witness conclusively proved that an assault had boen committed upon tlio con- stable, and fully supported his statement. Two nvitn&ses; mere called for tho defence' but, although one of them was characterized by the Bench as a " Btrorjg-swtarmg nian " they failed to weaken the former evidence, and tho defendaut was ordered to pay £3 damages, and £1 3*. 6d. co6ts. \- The Patton family have not yet got ovo their troubles in connexion with the passing of iheir estate through fho -Iusolvent Court At the Imt meeting in the estate the insol- vent's brother was Font to gaol till he pro duced certain deed.*, the insolvent himself vyw committed for fourteen days for prevarica. tion, and his father had a very nu tow escape from'the samo fate. Yestetdav the adjourned meeting wi« hel.l, ¡,'t which the insolvent, being ia gaol, conld not attend. The brother, however, having produced the deeds and been liberated, was examined as to a conversation which took placo betwcon'Jiimself and Mr. Forward, tie conveyancer, and temporary holde-r of the ? deeds produced, only the night before. Ile said* he could not recollect, and was there upon committed to gaol for twelve dan.., for i evasion. The father nes.t appeared in the bin, arid wits examined respecting aceitain memo- randum by which tho insolvi nt bad given up all right, title, tir.d.iaterest to a certain 'ture This he vow said was fahc, but be was unable to say how it was that he had sworn before to its truth. The Commissioner said it was the giossest cabo of evasion he had ever known, and forthwith committed Mr. Potton, p^nior, to twelve days' imprisonment. Thus tbo father and two sons Bharo the 6ame fate. A very sad accident occurred at Keilor on Wednesday morning, at nine o'clock. A lad named James Keating, about fifteen years of age, the son of a widow, was, while obtaining from the creek a cart-load of water for his em- ployer, Mr. Milburne, accidentally drowned. The lad took his horse too far into the bed of the creek, and when turning the force of the current upset the horse and cart, and the boy also. A log of wood in the creek stopped the cart and horse, but the lad was taken on by the flood, and his body has not since been recovered, although a large number of persons have been searching the creek on a raft constructed for that purpose, Mr. Mil- burne, the lad's employer, being the most active. What renders the accident the more melancholy is, the lad was the principal sup- port of his widowed mother. At tho City Police Comt jesterday, Charles Samuel Ollis was committed for trial upon the charge of obtaining money under false pretences.' He was on a previous occasion remanded for the attendance of his father, who is the landlord of the Apollo Inn. It was thought on the former hearing that tho case would assume the form of a charlo o[ forging and uttering, as it may bj rcmeni bered that the prùoner in cashing two dif- ferent cheques represented them to be his father's. On yestordny's healing, however, this aspect of the caso was much modified ; the name signed on the cheques being Ehown to be the prisoner's own-his father's being simply Charles Ollis; and there was not tho slightest attempt at imitating his father's signature discernible in those upon the cueques. The most singular feature in the case was a letter produced in court by Detective Duross, which he had that ntornini received from Mr. Rose, superintendent of the Deaf and Dumb Institution, "Windsor, from which it appeared that the prisoner had forwarded a valueless cheque as a donation to that institution, which was duly acknow- ledged by a letter appearing in The Ar$m of the 6th inst. The cheque was presented for payment, and returned marked "lío account,'1 and Mr. Eose, in consequence, wishes to con- tradict tbo former acknowledgement. There were few cases at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday. Three sailors, from ships lying at tho Bnilway Pier, wero charged with luing absent from duty without leave. Thoy were sent back on board their respecthe vessels. Dr. Plummer and Mr. Swallow wire the presiding magistrates. A postponed casa of Arties v. Newman, re- specting the illegal detention of a dog, was yesterday, decided in the District Court. On the former hearing tho plaintiff claimed the dog as his property, and said ho bought it era tho 25th February last, of ono William Sim- mons, for £2. Ho said the defendant had admitted his prior owtership of the dog, but it had been in' his possession so long be would not give it up. On tho other hand, the defendant Btvorb tho dog had been stolen from him on tho 13th of June, 1862, aud le did not see it again till last May. He nt on« recognized it, and took it, giving information to the plaintiff. Dr. Bleasdale gave him tia dog. Upon this conflicting evidence tho caso was postponed for a week, to permit the attendanco of Mr. Sherwin, J.P, lit ing at the Plenty, of whom Simmons, the plaintiff's witness, said ho had.recoived'the dog. Mr, Sherwin, on attending yesterday, said thedc; produced was, to the best of his belief,the on« ho gavo baok to Simmons. Ho had knovm the dog twclvo monthr?, and was compelled to part with it, as It could not bo kept from killing sheep and poultry. This evidence being conclusive.in favour of the plaintiff, the dog was ordered to bo returned to Mm, with £2 2s. costB. The action oí Guest v. 'Marka, in the Supremo Court yesterday, terminated ina verdict foi the plaintiff-damages, £220 13s. 4d. The action of ¡¡'Gregor v. WBctm was commenced. In it Lachlan M'Bean, a wealthy squatter, lately convicted of perjury, and now under- going Ecntonco of imprisonment, is sued by Peter M'Grcgor for libellous letters witta and words spoken, and tho damages aro bid by thousands. A.ramble in the Botanic Gardens nuyj» taken juBt now with pleasure and profit The recont rains «have left the walls fitn and springy, and although the bordas do rot present the chai ming v&ilety; of colour wh'ct they exhibited six weeks or two months n_e, yet there is, on every hand, an abundance of objects grateful to the eye. Particularly» this tho case in tho classification groM which, always trimly kept, at present bow neater than ever with its perennial s!'T1' of diverse form and growth. Plnntu'i operations' oro. being bjislily carried pul and tho new propagating house is com- pleted. Tho young araucarias on tho alopo extending, front the western fence to the small conservatory mo thriving apace; jis also aro the pino3 and cypresses around the palm house ; and this progress, we may add, alfords evidence that, in a j car or two, the wattles which now occupy both localities, will be no longer needed, and -will have to bo cleared away to make room for trees of a more ornamental and useful charactcr. At the Wllliamstawn Police Court yester- day, before Mr. F. Call, P.M., and Mr. J. K, Froycr, J.P.. a German named C. F. A. 'Schmidt, charged with having commit ted'a murderous assault on J. Pringle, at Malakoff, near Landsborough, was, on the application of the inspector of police, remanded to Lands- borough, Avoca district. Michael Flynn, charged by the police with making uso of obsceno language ia tho public street, was EC-tonced to forty-eight hours' imprison- ment. W. H. Cleeland, master of the barque Benjamin Heape, was complained against by the water police for committing a breach of the 21st clause of the Port an,d Harbour Regulations, by allowing a boat to rido astern of his vessel within tho port of Melbourne at a' greater distance than three fathoms. Fined £5, and costs. Wa have been requested to direct attention to ah appeal in another column for subscrip- tions towards the erection of a ohurch in Kost Collingwood, in connexion with tho Church of England. It moy appear rather strange that a largo and populous township, number- ing 12,652 persons, 'nearly one half of whom are professed'members of tho English Epis- copal Church, should hi without a building specially dedicated and set apart for publio worship, but such is the caso. The adjoiuing municipality of Fitzroy contains about 11,000 inhabitants, and one Ohurch of England ; but East Collingwood, with a much larger and still poorer population, has no Church of England East Collingwood being a portion of tho ecclesiastical parish of St. Maik, has beta pievented hitherto from'taking any steps towards tho erection of a chuich, in cousequeuco of a debt of any thousands remaining on St. Mnrk's, but that having been liquidated at tho close of la3t year the members of tho Chuich of England, seeing tho obataclo removed, have decided upon taking steps for tho erection of a church as neat the centre of the municipality as possible. At a public meeting 1-tely held, a committee was appointed and a subscription-list entered inio, which amounts to about £250, and Mr T. B. Payne has contributed between ¿200 and £300 value in land., The "dtstiict is, perhaps without exception, the poor- est in the colony, and wDl not bo able without assistance to accomplish tho object the committee have in view. To secnro the co operation and help ot those districts already enjoying the privileges it does not possess, the committee have issuci a ciicular appealing io friends of tua church in the dioc.30 for help. Tho Rev. T. C. Cole, M.A., the minister of the proposed church, is making every exertion to promoto the object in question ; and the committee hopo the friends of tho church who havo the means will assisi them by their contributions, and thus wipe off the Btigma attaching to the members of tho church and dis- trict. At a meeting last Wednesday, tho followiug additions wero mado ? to the subscnption-list :-liri J. F. James, £1 ; Mr. It Poyntor, £1 Is. ; A Friend in Clarendon street, 10s. ; Mr. John Wood, 10s. Cd. ; Mr. T Lee, £1 ; Mrs. Peralte, £1 ; Mr. Vanu, 10s. ! Mr. 0, J, Oiifflths, chancellor of the 'diocese, £5; Mr. II. F. Gurner, Orowri solicitor, £2: Mr. Euc, £1 ; Mrs. Walker, £1 Is., and col- lected by Mrs. Walker and Miss Cook, £1 Us- ed. ; Mrs. Baker, lös. At a nveekly meeting of the executive com ? mittee of the 'Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, tho superintendent mado the fol- lowiug return :-Number of inmates' in tho home, as reported last week, Ö08 , admitted since, 131 ; personB iwho havo received out- door relief, 78; total relieved, 777. Discharged from the homo during tho week, 119. Total at present iemaining, CS0; consisting of children cbaigeablo to the Government, 302; cases chargeable to the society, 218. Last night's Gazette contains tho usual notices as to the dates of inspection of tho pass-books of savings-banks' depositors. Owing to the unpropitions state of the weather last Saturday, the intended scratch match amongst the members of tbo South Yarra and St. Kilda Football Clubs had to be postponed. Should the w eather provo favour- able this afternoon tho game will bo played, as oiigmally arranged, on the ground of the South Yaira Club, and will doubtless bo an e\citing one, as a full muster is antici-1 pated. A match will bo played bctweon. the representatives of tho St. Kilda Gtanimar School und of Mr. Miller's school, South Yaua, ou tha Myall ground, at ^half-past ono. A match will also be played between the Eoyal park and Emerald-hill Club?, in the Koyal park. Game to commence at half-past two. The nisi ptins sittings, before Mr, Justice Barry and juries of twelve, wero yesterday adjourned over this day until Monday, at ten a.m. ' At the County Court yesterday, 'thero were only two cases tried worth mention. The first of these was Èoardman v. Frankum. This was an action to recover damages sustained in a collision between two vehicles, on the Nunawading road, on tho 10th March last. The offending vehiolo had been driven by the defendant's servant; and tho re- sult cf tlio affair was, that Boardman sustained several sevcrêinjurice, including the fiacturo of his arm, which he hardly expected to bo able to use again. Tie had'already obtained a verdict for £76 damages, but a now trial had been obtained. This was the second hearing, and tho result was ,tho former verdict was re-affirmed with £617s. 6d. costs. The other caso was that'of Jacomb (official assignee; v. Victor, which had been patflj heard on the preceding day.- ItBeemed that the defendant had purchased £200 worth of property from H. Mendcll, an insolvent within a n, cry few days of the latter's insol- vency, whereupon tho official assignee sued to recover possession. It was contended that if no fraud were pioved, the plaintiff must bo nonsuited. The judge, however, declined to do this, and gave a verdict for the plaintiff. The slope between tho Botanic Gardens and Prkce's-lnidgo is now being planted with choice pines, under the direction ' of Dr. Mueller. Two inquests wero held yesterday, at Yarra Bend, by the distilct coroner. One of thoso was upon the body of Samuel Lawrence, a de- ceased lunatic, aged twenty-six. ' Decersed had boen an inmate since the 19tli of last March, and had been ßinco that timo in a state of idiocy and goneral paralysis. He died on the 9th inst. A pott-mortcm examination had been mado by Mr. J. T. Budall, surgeon, who stated the cause of death was diseasf) of the brain and ils membranes, and tho jury returned a verdict in accordance. Tho other laquent was upon the body of Ah Young, a native of China, who was admitted on tho lath of MaTch last, when he was sent down from Beechworth Gaol. . Hohadsuffeiedfrom mania, and, when admitted, hi3 conduct was furious. Ho had been in the infirmary about a week beforo his death, which occurred on Thursday night.f Mr. Tindall found, upon post-morlem examination, that the cause of death was disease of tho brain, and tho jury found a verdict to that effect. ._ At tho East Collingwood Police Court' yes- terday, a labouring mau named Patrick M'Mahou was bronght np, on warrant, charged with neglecting tj maintain his illegitimate child. Tho warrnu; was Lisued somo eight' months ago, but the police wero unable to serve it. In the interim the Child had died, and consequently the man was discharged without the Court taking any action in the matter. Lewis M'Donald, the landlord of the General Havelock Hotel, Simpson's-road, was fined 40s, for keeping his house open on tbe Sabbath-day ; and his licence was ordered to be cancelled, inasmuch as he admitted that he had sinco abandoned its occupation The landlords of the Highbury Barn and the Robert Burns hotels were also fined Cs. each, for trading on Sundays. William Allen, the landlord of the Lady Franklin, "Wellington street, was summoned for obstructing tho | thoroughfare. Mr. Allen, it appealed, erected an arch adjacent to his premises upon the day of public rejoicings in celebration o tho marriage of the Prince of Wale?, and ha has allowed it to remain there, in tho expectation that the Municipal Counoil would contribute towards tho cost of its removal The Bench thought the merits of tho case would be met by tho infliction of a fino of sixpence. Grace Smith and Susan James weie charged at the City Police Court, yesterday, w ith steal- ing a packet of doorhandles. The ovvner of the articles has not yet been found, and any tradesman who has missed gojds of this de- scription is requested to communicate with tho police, that they may bs identified. The Collingwood, St. Kilda, and Richmond Batteries of Artillery will parado at Prince's bridge barracks to-day, for inspection by Lieutenant-Colonel Scratchley, and inspection of arms by staff-officer. The Volunteer Engi- neers muster also this afternoon, at three o'clock, for military engineering instruction. Tlie special jurors summoned for the 12th inst., and dttectcd by advertisement not to attend until the 15th inst., aro informed that they will not bo required until the following day- viz., Tuesday, tho 16th inst. Tho treasurer of tho Melbourne Hospital acknowledges, wi'h thanks, the receipt of £5 10s. from the treasurer of tho Presbyterian Church, Williamstown, in aid of the funds of tho above institution. With reference to the police report in Thursday's Argus of the uttering Of a forged chequo at the London Hotel, Market-street, by a youth named Charier*, and stated to be a midshipman to the ship Anglesey, tho Ballamt Star says :-" Wo havu reason to brli.re that the cheque in question was forged in the name' of Mr. Greene, clerk of the Court of Miuc-s at Ballarat, and that the offender has until re- cently been in the employment of an eminent solicitor of this town, whose Melbourne agents the youthful scapegrace has also succeeded in victimizing." The performance of the Melbourne His- trionic Society, at the Theatre Royal last evening, was honoured by a very large at- tendance of the friends of the performers and officers of the volunteer corps in the dress circle. The other portions of the house were also respectably filled. The pièce de resistance in the bill of fare consisted of the comedy of "Money," the male characters supported by the principal members of the society, and the ladies were represented thus :-Lady Franklin, Mrs. A. Phillips; Clara Douglas, Miss Rosa Dunn; and Georgiana Vesey, by Miss Earl. The profits of the evening are to be given in aid of the funds of the Eastern-hill Orderly-room. The juvenile drum- and-fife band of the Immi- grants' Home were introduced upon the Stage between the acts of the comedy, and played several marches, conducted by Signor P. Canna, concluding their performance with " God Save the Queen." The lads, who played very well, reflect great credit upon their mas- ters- Herr Siede (flute and fife), and Signor Pietro Canna (drum). The amateur perform- ance requires no special comment, and is not open to criticism. By comparison with other amateur performers in Melbourne, the His- trionics have almost achieved fame ; and although the comedy would have seemed tediously long last evening had professionals occupied the stage, the audience, for the most part, sat the five acts through without showing any signs of weariness. By way of interlude, between the comedy and the farce which followed Miss Fleming, who appeared on the occasion of the last amateur performance at the Haymarket, sang the ballad of "Happy Home," which was encored. This evening, Saturday, the theatre will be restored to legitimate drama, and to the per- formance of the excellent company engaged there. The play of "Richelieu" will be enacted, with Mr. Barry Sullivan as the great Cardinal. 