At the Castlemaine / and; Chewton Police Courts, yesterday, there were no cases of sufficient importance to. call for report. 1 Cost of a Deputation.— The statement ot the Town Clerk, in reply .to Mr. Burnett, at tue last meeting of the Municipal Council, that it was not costomaiy to inclndo cost of deputations inthe Finance. Committee's report, seemed so extraord inary , tbat vre. made enquiry into '.the meaning of. it. Obviously, if the principle is established that money may be spent without the knowledge- of .the,-. Finance Committee, a. very necessary check , on expenditure ;is avoided, the committee are relieved from aportion oftheir proper responsibility, and the public are so far kept in the dark as to the nature of the outlay. It appears the Chairman /and Town Clerk each appropriated £5 for payment of expenses in their journey to Melbourne to present tho Council s address to Sir Henry Barkly. Some, time ago, wo believe on the motion of-Mr Goldsmith, it was resolved that thenceforward deputation ex penses for individuals should not exceed £5, and the resolution, it is affirmed by the. Town Clerk, removes that particular expenditure from the direct cognizance of the Finance Committee. TTo shall not now argue that.point, but will direct the ratepayers' attention to the" -conse quences of such a doctrine, as illustrated in, the case beiore us. The Chairman , and'- The.'Towa Clerk, it will be seen, gave the most. libcral in- terpretation to. the resolution defining the maxi mum of the expenses allowed— they wore not to " exceed" £5, therefore .£5. were , taken by, each memucr of the.deputation.. Messrs. Kelsall and Davis' left Castlemaine by an early train ; they returned the same evenin/,/ they took a return ticket, the cost of which being £1 17s: 6d., both gentlemen netted tho very hnndsome sum of £3 2s. Gd. to defray their personal - charges during their few hours' stay in Melbourne. -are hot surprised at tbe objection to submit the eharges.to .the. Finance Committee, _ for, "indif ferent to expenditure as that 'section of the CouncilhasoecasionaUybecn.itsmemberswqbld hardly .hnve incurred the responsibility of authorising such an inordinate exaction of public money. - It is an nnfortnnate thing for a'com- muuity when. its official chief attempts to make a pecuniary profit out of the. perforraEnce.of bis public duties, as . Samuel Kelsall, Esq., our .future mayor, in this instance has. done,, ,"W"e wfll notfor a moment venture to insinuate that the Town Clcrk:also wupnfluenced by a mercenary spirit' in making such an excessive chhrg'e'': were wo to do soj we should bp guilty , of a great in justice towards' hiin. but he made a mistake in imitating -the' conduct1 of- a gentleman whose public . spirit ' hitherto .! lias been / confined/. to 'making/use of his positioh as a iueans of keeping the "'good which Providence 'bad1 put in his way." Mr Davis should '- have remem bered that he . was already a salaried -officer of the Municipality ,; and that- if- the un salaried chairman chose to. be( guilty, of, mean ness in making pecuniary profit on ,such an be-- casiou'.- tlio tToiiTi Clerk, ought', to.', hayp acted Tor his fellow' townsmen as , their, spokesman, before the BepresentMiye o.f.Boyalty, free 4'fom the im putation of having, followed; such , a wretched example. -- . " " ' _ The All'-Ekgla'kd Match.— Messrs Eobert- 'son (of the Standard Brewery), Stephens, Hobby, Hierons, Church, Hughes, Bennett, Moscrip, and Paulson, of Campbell's Creek, have signed the con ditions drawn, up.'/by Mr George Mnrsliall. Tho ground is to be properly, prepared ; the drain -'which : now- runs through'rit. is to 'bo -'filled: ' up: - the trees and /stumps of- trees' are to bo removed.; and a substantial fence, is to surround the ground nnd the adjacent hill.' Mr Marshali'is'to have the sble.cohtrbl'bf tfieigrourid during the days .(probably 'three) of the match, and will take the whole of the receipts at , tho .gates and those arising from, the, ssIq of -'sites' of boblihs and'the' grand' stand. 'Tho 'fob lowing is 'Mr George' Marshall's formal acpept/. anco 'of the terms " I hereby accept the. above terms anii guarantco /that, should the All Eng land Eleven play, ; more than . ope. , match,' , in itpe Castlemaine district, the tone in -this "agreement /shall l)e played first." Wo, understand that.tUo preparation of the ground is nctively progressing : a portion has been ploughed; and grass seed sown. . The /Ghostly' Entektaimment.-wus success fully" repeated at' the Theatre lost night, bcforera; numerous audience. Some judicious alterations, being made, tlio ihtroductory'diulpguo was less bbjeotibhablo than on tlio prpyious, evening. Tlie aetiorij however, was wuriting in that smoothness iuiii, finish which aro so necessary in order to the perfect success, of such entertainmehts. Tlie 'tediouS intervals/ between what may bb'.terni«d the. " acts, '.'.. should, be avoided. Tho appear ance of- the apparitions, however, was' thoroughly successful, abundantly satisfying the audience. So'rueof tlie.forms assumed by. the ghosts .wore most ludicrous. Mr Kinley Schiller's portion of tho "oyoning's entertainment was well received; affording a .pleasant change after the. specti'aL illusions.. Mr Merlin will continue the enter tainment for only two nights lorigor. Those, "therefore," wlio'wish to see this ' sensation " pro duction in Castlemaine, should lose no time. prsKiLE Spouts,— Shinty, or Hockey is now, the chiof amusemont of our youthful colonists, affording them healthful sport und forming an udinirablo precursor lo tho more manly game of cricket. It is one of tho most ancient games of Britain, butof.latoycarshnsbccn almost lost sight of by tho superior attractions of cricket. An ex citing guino was played on the Camp ground on Wednesday last by ' mcmbors of the different schools, namely, by twelve of tho National against .six of tho Wcsloyan, and six of the, Primitive Methodist Schools, in which tlio bold horocfi of tho National School proved victorious, winning thrco games out of four. As .usual on. such occasions, tho victors were highly jubilant, aud tlio worsted still defiant, reuuukiug " never mind, we'll beat you next time. Tho contest afforded line sport, and was conducted with, great good humour, despite an occasional slinrp shin rap, or sudden prostration on mother earth; all parties entered heartily into; tho oxciLonicul, not allowing tho frcqueutheavyshowcrs to damp tlioir ardour, 1 though these and. perspiration liitidu them wet enough. We aro glad to see the lads occasionally engaged in licalthtul con- I tests of tho kind, but ye would recommend them' 'hot" to" indulge in penny cigars afterwardi) I (although encouraged therein _ bv an adult wit- i noss), believing that the good done by the oxor- | ciso is frustrated' by tho ; ill : effects of the nai'-j -coticAveed'pn teft'ovihfplfi'iWW./ . , v j 