illusions. (From tlio Rrilish Quarterly Revieio.) Illusions may arise cither from disorder of the senses, or from an error of judgmont upon data correctly derived from tlioir ovidence. Thus a person may sco double, or ceo only tho half of an object ; or ho may sco that objoct distorted, or Variously coloured, or modifiod in an infinity of ways — a most prolific Eourco of ghost-seeing. This chiefly occurs under -the influence of a predominant train of thought; an absorbing emotion, or nn excited Btato of tho I imagination. One illustration will servo ns tlio type of tho whole ; it is related by Dr. Fcrriar I in his Theory of Apparitions — "A gentleman wns benighted, whilst tra- I veiling nlone, in a remote part of tlio High lands of Scotland, and was compelled to ask shelter for tho evening at a small lonoly hut. 1 When ho was to bo conducted to liis bedroom, I Ilia landlady observed, with mysterious reluc- I tanco, that ho would find tlio window very insecure. Ou oxnm'nation, lie found that part I of tho wall had beon broken down to onlargo uiu u;juuutg. Ji. w e r buiiiu inquiry :io was 101u that a pedlar, who had lodged in the same room a short timo before, had oommittod suicide, nnd was found hanging bohind tho door in the morning. According to tlio snperstition of tho country, it was deemed improper to remove tho body by tho door of tho houso, and I to convey it through tlio window was impossi ble, without rouioviug part of tlio wail. Somo hints wcro dropped that tlio room bad been subsequently haunted by tho poor man's Bpirit. My friend laid liis arms, properly pre pared against intrusion of any kind, by his bedside, and retired to rest not without somo dogreo of apprehension, lio was visited in a dream by a frightful apparition, and awaking in agony, found himself sitting up in bed, with a pistol grasped in bis right hand. On casting a fearful glunco round tlio room, ho discovered by tlio moonlight, a corpso I dressed in a shroud, reared ngninst the I wall, close to tho window. Witli mneh difficulty lie summoned up resolution to np. I proaoli the dismul object, tlio features of which I and tho minutest parts of its funeral apparel, ho perceived distinctly. He passed ono hand I over it, felt nothing, and staggered back to bed. Aflor a long interval, and much reasoning witli himself, lie renowod bis investigalion, and at length disoovored that tlio object of his terror was produced by tlio moonboaras forming a long bright imago through tlio window, on which liis fancy, impressed by liis dream, had pictured, witli mischievous accuracy, the linoa- meats of a body prepared for interment. I Powerful associations of terror, ia this instance, had excitod tlio recollected images with un common foreo and effect," Illusions of the senses are common in our appreciation of form, distance, colour, nnd motion, and also from a lack of comprohonsion I of tlio physical powers of nature, in tho pro- I duction of images of distant objects. A stick in water appears bent or broken ; tlio square tower at a distanco looks round ; distant objects appear to movp, whon wo ourselves only aro in motion ; the 'heavenly bodies nppesr to rcvolvo round tho earth. All our readers will also be familiar w:th tbo Spoctrc of the BrocUen, the beta Morgana, and tho Mirage; all of which woro long, supposed to liavo a supernatural origin, until tliev were shown to bo due to tho ordinary laws of light and atmosphcrio influences. Ail theso illusions aro easily Notified by tho judgmont, and are transitory in tlio sane mind. Amongst the insane, mistakes of ono person for another, and illusions of the mOBt variod and perverse character, are the most constant and durable symptoms of tbo mental disorder. 