?I the'north shore ferry. . ; .,-..( From a Correspondent.) ? -, ? A eleam of hope is at last dawning uppn; us ?' regard to the vexed question of the ferry. Our darkest hour has.,1 trust, passed, jmd v e entertain sanguine hopos that it will be speedily succeeded by that long wished-for day, when we can, go to and re turn from 'Sydney atariyhour between suhnse and 9 o'clock in the evening.' ' , .' . , , .. „? To the Freeman is due the credit of having tu-st .^?. « . ?%, ... . .; ? *.:^ 4.U «.' nnnn ani) miSfiTf! Ill H called public aueiiwuii iu tut ^^w* *-«- — - state of the ferry about six weeks since, on the oc casion of the confirmation at the Catholic Church here When Dr. Quinn could not get back to Sydrey that evening. Thecdluiuns of » the daily papers for ihree or four weeks after teemed with the outpour ings of sufferers ; the ferry .vas a by .word in the mouth of everjbody, ..Public meetings, have been held and, like ail.such meetings on the. Shore, they were remarkable for rriuotj'noise and uproar, causeu principally. by the present ferrymen. These modern' Charons, fearing they should lose the ?' sway, (winch they have so1 long held)1 over bur Cocytus, havo showed their utu.dst grimriess and opposition. We I are' not- indeed their ghosts -but what is worse, we are their Wfs, and if we have not been -kept hover inK around Billy Blue's Point for 100 years it is certain-thai many .were -detamea latterly over- iw hours ere thej; could have; the .-jushed-ifor transport. | There -waa more ..unanimity .amongst ,the .peeple at ! the last meeting, held , on the 2nd t instant, than; at. any of the previous 'lr.tevngs ; \ a ;esplution waa unanimously carried, a-pointing,a prbVisibnulCorn-. mittee' to organise a company '-with a.ca.pital ot £6000, ;sh'ares to he 5s.i!so that' the poorest as well, Ts tWe lic'iestcati taku shares and hen have an in terest in suppbrtihg the steamers. £1600 worth of the shares' would be taken by four gentlemen pre sent at the meetkiu,. and there, is noi douor ii me committee- Bre' active ;and earnest- in thtir work we shall sooni be- possessed of safe and, leguUr transit .to.end.fr^m the city whichwill confer incalculable ''benefits on the .North Shore, Lane Cove and (the northern- districts. , . . . ! ? 