QUEENSLAND. (From our own correspondent) January 8. It is mutter for congratulation that the Government ate about initiating a scheme for the extension of the telegraph to the Northern Ports. On Wednes d iy the General Superintendent of Telegraphs, Mr J. J. Austin, departed for Bockhampton, in the Queensland, with the new, it is sai l, of making a personal inspection of the best route by which to carry the wire. I expect to see provi>ion made for this enlightened undertaking in the supplementary estimates; fur wbh all their desire to economize, the ministry are alive to the advantages that must accrue to our valuable northern territory and rising com* mercial ports from bringing thein in o the closest possible c miiuunication with the metropolis ard the southern colonies. Doubtless we shall have to wait till the mee ing of Parliament for any expres sion of opinion on the part of the Government with regard to the proposed connection of Australia with Great Britain. The Pre9byterinns of this colony are about to unite as one Church—taking example by their bre thren of Victoria Complaints are being advanced through the press of the remissness of the ministry in not reconstruct ing the 41 Board of General Education." Since the retirement o? .he first board, all matters relating to school affairs hsve been in the hands of the minis try, who seem to have some doubt or difficulty iu the selection of suitable men for positions now .vacant.nDder_tho^Imaijii£ScITbols ^t^^^nv^in^?Tg^pers6ver«iice.)rn^e^heaasdf* the".Cburchrdf^England;a3id^tbe- Ronj>tfhx*atholic 'Church to advance the cause of denominfttiuhalism th it makes the supporters of the'national system of education somewhat distrustful as to the meaning of ihe protracted benitation of the powera-that be. The proposition made by our Government to the Government of South Australia regarding the appro priation of N'orth Australia—though we baYe th-* news in a vry roundabout way—seems to be gene rally acquiesced in, We are, however, without any particulars further.than those embodied iuto a pre vious communication, which were received iu a telegram from Adelaide via Sydney I like the idea of South Australia having a sea-board at both ends of the Continent; but the colony must change its name. Will Victoria look on quietly and not strive for a pathway of her own to the Northern coasts ? The 44 pony express" should be the pioneer to open u • the route for the electric telegraph, as it was from the Eastern States of America to Cali fornia! The proprietary, companionship* and staff of the Queensland Guardian celebrated their first 4' wayze goose " last Saturday down the river. The induc tion of the new partner, the Rev. George Wight (Congiegaiionnlist), who henceforth will ait a editor of the Quardian, was the avowed cause of the festival. According to the latest reports the gold field of C&noona; is at length "used up," being completely deserted. A correspondent of one of the Brisbane papers says44 Cart loads of the mining implements brought up to supply the diggers are now being sent to the Peak Downs.^old-fields," where there are about forty (!) miners at w.«ik This field is above 2(iU miles from Bockhampton. I should not be sur prised if we have some good news from it after the recent rains, but its future prosperity depends more upon its copper mines than upon its gold. From the latest advices 1 learn that the miners were un able to work, and that over an area of four miles good prospers were obtained in shallow sinking, not more than three feet. Some of the gold is rugged, and attached to quartz, white in the places close at hand it is waterworu and free from any ex traneous matter. From other places in the district there aro occasional reports of the discovery of gold in strata «i slate, with quartz veins. A good gold field would advantage Queensland just now. Bockhampton is going ahe&l; with rapid strides, and the land on both sides of the river in the neighborhood is being taken up with uncommon zeal by an enterprising population. A large and re cent influx of population has rather overdone the labor market, and the local corporation still con tinae to give employment at stonnbreaking (o a number of the immigrants by the Utopia; notwith standing there is a large demand in the northern districts for station hands, the squatters* demand being by no me«n3 adequately supplied. Good wages are obtainable by men willing to work, on the Dawson, the Comet, Peak Downs, t.nd throughout the T.eichardt, and Kennedy districts. A terrible record of crime comes from the Isaacs. As it is the first that has appeared in the press, 1 give in fall the report of the Bockhampton corres pondent of the Courier, under date December 29 "Abmt ten w»cks ago 9 man named Finn left. Meiklejobn's Cardroona station, for the purpose of seeking shear ng or other work, and* proceeded as far as Monroe's station, seventy or eighty miles from Carlroona. Tie returned by way of Stewart's, where he met wiih a G« rman named Peter—his surname L have been unable to ascertain—in whose company he 8 arted down counsry, Finn on foot, Peter on horse- ack. The two were met between FnDn'd Creek and Kennedy Creek, by Lieutenant Richardson and some native troopers. This was the last time Peter .was s«'en alive. About three weeks after the native troopers were travelling the same road, and chanced to camp at Kennedy Creek There were traces of some other party having camoed there recently, and on looking about they lound the remains of a human head, a German Roman Caiholio prayer-book, a rosary, and in some ashes of a recent fire a number of buttons, as if some wearing apparet had been burnt there. The fleshy portion of the head was too n-uch destroyed for the features to be recog nisable, but the hair was of the same color as that of Peter the Germau. The black police at once sus pected that Finn had m*de away with his companion, one of them muttering " mine think it that old fel low kill oilier one white fePow." Lieutenant Rich ardsot^and the troopers promptly proceeded in search of the snpposed murderer, whom they found at Sheri dan and Fitzsimmons' station, on Lotus Creek. Finn was working at the waslipool when Mr Richardson arrested him. On5 hearing the charge against him, he fell down in a* fit, real or pretended. He was ' taken to the men's hut, but does not appear to have been very strictly watched. In the coarse of the erening lie was h*ard to say that he would not be alive in the morning. Towards midnight one of the black troopers foand him qhite dead, or, as he expressed it, "gone bong*" Mr Richardson was of opinion that Finn had died of fright; but the general opinion among the men was that he had poisoned 'himself. I am told that he was always in the habit of curry ing poison with him. That Finn wsa the murdet£r of Peter can hardly be doubted. After committing the deed he appears to bare gone towards Waverly, riding on Peter's Jiorw, irhtob be exchanged at a station nenr Waverly for two others. He then wen up country again, hy the same road ns- be had :o:ne down, camping at Kennedy Creek with sum »ther travellers, whom he persuaded to camp o» thiv. side of the creek opposite to'where ihe crinn ;v;n committed. On the following morning he tol them not to mind looking for.'their horses, as:b< would find them, which he did, as though he w* afraid they would stumble on the-evidence of hi guilt. A. letter was found in his swag addressed t« hta wife, in which he said that she might vxj»cc« »>im homo shortly, as ho had done very well in the bush. Finn was an old hand, and is said to have had a mos villainous countenance. It is supposed that the nnfortnnate man Peter had a large sura ot money, and that his object in going down-country •vas to place his money in the hank. He had h' eu in the colony about four years, bore an excellent character, and had been for some time in the em ploy of the Messrs Archer, of Gracemore. I under stand that an official report of the whole case has been received by the Government, which may be published. The appearance of Bell't Life in Queensland can not yet be numbered amongst " the things that have been," for the publication is postponed *t«« the, There is no scope for such a journal here. A good squatters' and farmers' poper might stimulate the.classes named,(particularly the latter), to mare intelligent progress than that which characterises them at the present time. " Fisherman," one of Landsborough, the Ex plorer's companions iri his celebrated journey across the Continent, is dead. 7t is said that bis decease was the result of hardships endured during his toilsome journey from Carpentaria to Melbourne. The Courier of Wednesday, invokes every' "duly qunlififd person" to send in his claim to have his name inserted in the electoral roll, and to he re giaiered as a voter by the Idth February, next. There must be a large per centage of increase to the voting powers of- the Btate fr<uh the influs^o F ^nija since tlie last' is (saya'the Courier of "Wednes day) perhaps .almost too much of a vulgarism'to maAs use of iu tbesa enlightened days, hut -the in supportable beat of the last few days would seem to have forced the. expression from the lips of those gentlemen connected with ihe Supreme Court, whose status in the legal profession obliges them to wear hair wigs and other incumbrances, which be come peculiarly irksome when tbo thermometer ranges high. During the insolvency sittings yes terday, Mr Lillev advened to the inconvenience cause I to barristers by the wis dining the hot weather, and very sensibly asked bis Honor the Judge to excuse him from wearing it. His Honor, in reply, c-xpns^ed his willingness that th • members of the bar should plead without the wig and gown except in jury causes or in banco, and stated that as fir as he was personally concerned, he should be •very well satisfied if the wig were dispensed with altogether. Mr C. il. Barlee, Government short-hand writer, and well known amongst the members of the me tropolitan press of Victoria, leaves the colony to day, having obtained twelve months' leave ot absence to visit his family in England. A correspondent of the Qutnuland Timen (Ips wich) makes the following amongst other comments upon the Dew Commission of the Peace:—" One of the late appointments to the Commission of the Peace strikes roe as being good in principle, but in judicious in the peculiar instance in which that principle had been carried out. A very worthy man who has been some time dead has been summoned by his Excellency the Governor to take his place on the Magisterial Bench But if we cannot do with out a ghost, why not make a better selection amongst the countless dead? There is an abundance of de ceased lawgivers and administrators of the law who could be called upon without disturbing the spirit of a defunct squatter, who although he provrd himself to be an excellent man during his career on this earth, yet scarcely evinced 6uch unique capabilities for the performance of the duties of a magistrate as to render it a public duty to rouse him out of his grave." The Harvest near Warrnambool.—Through the premature hot weather the harvest has come iu a little earlier than. usual, aud our farmers are now very busily encaged, although we regret to say our expectations formerly expressed of a poor yield on the average is being realised. From all quarters, too, we hear of a scarcity of reapers, especially at Mortlake and Yambuk. The price this season ranges from 10s to tiOs per acre, but tV"n at the former rate wheat growing will p»ove unprofitable at •Is per bushel. There appears to he pleniy of steam threshing machines in the district, and the new croo will soon be in a position to go into the market. —IF. Examiner, 10th Jan. The late Fires near. Hamilton*. — A very elaborate and carefully prepared report of the damage done by the late bush fires has been pre sented to the Belief Committee by a sub-oinmittce of that body, consisting of Messrs G. T. Maddison and J Hutcheson. The inquiries of these gentle men have been confine i to the farmers around Ham ilton, the losses of the squatters, many of whom have suffered severely, not h&viug; engaged their attention..' By the reporvw^fii^thaMhe snfferere numhPFIJf" have' ex|iressed'adesire'tpobtain. reJi'efVr7'>ra tJw.CotnfflUt^'p;tK<^>«?raainaerii^v»Hk'"^1)V tToir<mmstance*'"to tfjar^their loss without aasism^ei ^Oa -examining the -report we And- that Independent of buildings, agricultural im plements, ancT^ri some instances - he whole house hold effects/including clpttung, the loss amounts to . abp.ut forty arres of standing crops, and 82 miles of fencing of various descriptions. Besides the fore going, a good (leAl Of farm stock has been destroyed, such a* pigs, poultry, and iji a tew cases cattle.— | Hamilton Spectator, 16th Jan. TEE KOYPTIAN Rvidway.—A letter from Alex andria states that a plan i3 in contemplation of pro longing the Egyptian railway as far as Upper Egypt, with a branch which would join that country j to the Bed S*a. This work—the realisation of | which is so important for the interests ot the ; country—would serve in some measure as the com plement to the Suez Canal. I G* onoE III. and his Gr*nd Niece.—It will pro- I bably be recollected that a Mrs Ryves, who claimed to belthe daugh'cr of Mrs Serres made an applica tion before Sir Cresswell Cresswell some time back for the purpose of establishing ber legitimacy. The claim was that Mrs Serrea had been the legitimate child of the late Duke of Cumberland, and it was deducihle, therefore, that if Airs Ryves was the legitimate daughter of Air Serres.thon she would be entitled to inherit any property to whb h her mother would have been entitled. Mrs Series had pro [ pounded the will of George III., in which [ the late Duke of Cumberland had hren ap pointed sole lesatee, but the Prerogative Court of [ Canterbury refused to gra't her probate of the will I on the ground that the will in ques ion, being the | will of a royal Sovereign, the Prerogative Court ; had not any jurisdiction. In the Court of Probate i on the 18 h, Mr Gibbons moved that his Grace the Duke of Wellington and her Majesty's Attorney General should be cited before the court, in order to enable the petitioner to establish the validity of the will in question. The late Duke of Wellington had been appointed executor to his Afajesty King George the Fourth, who inherited his father's es tate, and the p»c«ent Duke of Wellington was his representative.—The Judge Ordinary said that the question of this will had b*-en already decided by Sir John Nicholl, the late jndge of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury. He (the Judge Ordinary) felt very much disinclined to set aside the decision arrived at by the learned judge. He considered the court had not any jurisdiction in the present case. The motion would, therefore, be dismissed. The alleged testamentary paper itself was iu the following terras:— " George R. St. James's. " In cose of our royal demise, we give and be queath to Olive, our brother of Cumberland's dangh- , ter, the suoi of 175,000, commanding our heir and j successor to pay the same privately to oqy said 1 niece for her use, as a recompense for the misfor tunes she may have known through ber father. "June fi, 1775. "Witnesses: J. DunniDg, Chatham, Warwick." 