Til 11 NEW YORK BABY MARKET. (From the Knickerbocker Magazine for NovemberJ | Thf.he is a Baby diarkct in New York doing as I flourishing a business in its way as the Slave I iliarket in Richmond, it hite children born of free parents are here bought and sold on pretty much ' the same terms as black children born as slaves in Virginia. If you want to buy or sell you have only to take tip the Ncie fork Herald anil glance over the "Personal" column of advertisements in order to sec where the shambles are, and ascertain the state of the market, which, like every other market, is regulated by demand and supply. On the whole these scent to balance each other very evenly. The supply never fails; the demand is constant Has the reading of the advertisements of [ this trafBc failed to suggest to the public mind the hidden darkness which underlies this dubious strata of social life, or to awaken curiosity as to the sources of that supply and demand which have turned babies into merchandise ? Where do the children sold come from ? Where do the children bought go to ? They are generally procured for nothing or a trifling sum, and sold at prices varying from fifty to two hundred and fifty dollars each, according to the beauty of the child, and the means of the purchaser. If any one will take the trouble to make a visit of inquiry to one of the houses where this line of business is conducted, he will lenrn more of the system and of, the secret history of city life than he has probably any conception of. He need not feel shocked at our suggestion, and he might go to a worse place than a baby market; for there, although the motive is a mercenary one, the cause of humanity is more served than outraged. What, for instance, would become of many of those babies, who are daily adopted out to comfortable and often wealthy homes, if the baby market did not exist? The crime of infantacide is likely to he often averted by desperate mothers knowing where to find a refuge for their helpless offspring. At the same time there is hut too much reason to believe that these houses oiler such facilities for concealment that an inducement is held out to do wrong; and that women resort to them not in all cases to allow Nature to do its work, but to thwart it by no less monstrous means than the murder of the unborn. And is this last con lined to these places, or to a certain class ? Statistics would lead us to infer the contrary, and to look for crime where it ought be least expected. But so far as the children—we will say nothing of the mothers—are concerned, the philanthropist will see nothing to regret in the sale of thg babies singular as it may seem. Poverty nntl unparental I affection combine to supply the baby market. Wives, whose husbands have gone to the war, arid left them with little or no means of support, are too often willing to give or sell their children out for adoption; and the case is more or less the same with regard to widows and widowers belonging to the labouring community. But by fyr the greater number of children come into the hands of the dealers through any but legitimate channels. The latter are invariably women, whose antecedents, in all probability, would not bear the strictest investi gation, and who profess about an equal knowledge of medicine, nursing and boarding. They are usually portly, middle-aged, ami of determined ap pearance, apparently equal to any emergency. They arc more than avcragcly good looking, or at least exhibit signs of having or.ce been co; and their free, unblushing manner, and showy, albeit faded attire, are suggestive of what they once were, and what possibly they still are. You are ushered into the parlour of the house of one of these; and if you be a woman she eyes you curiously and boldly, and forms her own opinion as to whether you have come to buy or sell the born or unborn, or become a boarder. ' If she arrives at toe nrst cinclusion, she addresses you promptly: You want a baby ma'am ? I've got some nice ones to-day. them°U arC meck' Per,,aPs ''mid, and ask to see "Male or female ? " inquires the dealer. 1 on most likely seMe this point in your own mind, and answer accordingly, upon which the tc-,.er/'Y,s • d es ma am-" antI caI,s for Kitty. Kitty forthwith appears, and is told to go upstairs thn,,i T'^- r nl,'y ,J,iull~e- Abe Lincoln and th Duke of \\\ elitngton." which illustrious indi initials, aged respectively ten days, three weeks and a month are brought into the parlour after a' few minutes delay. "How old did you want him ! " asks the dealer W„ mF n0t hc V'ltlicitlar to a few days or weeks, and commence your inspection of the speci humanity placed before you. dealer. V°U think °f the duke ? " (Iuetics the i, .vS? ? preference for Abe Lincoln, and he enS hi' &c; red',0be'hefi"est clli,d 'hat ever manv 7l,tc - i,045e-an<l1 where there has been so many tins is saying much. !! ?}.!"" l'° fou want for him ? " » hat do you want to give '•*" I ou hesitate. y^S*" bilve,him for two hundred dollars." i ou snake your head. 4" VI ell, here's Barnaby Budge* vou «h»f) !*■»*» beiutifful!'* hUndre<1 a"d fifty' but ^ -t -ar a! d,A»UJbIniy0"rattention more particularly to the distoi-'ted i t the' face. ^ ^ ^ ^ aad remarks" tlm il'iiT6 hir?,.forahundred and twenty," remarks the dealer, sutttng her price more to your « Iv wam '? Rive so much." r „ r y°i" can ' Ret "ly'tiing better than that I guess, for the money. This is the b"t lot I ever had ma am, and cheap too. Why. they've cost me nearly what I ask for them. If y0„ want a babv ou Vvo df°" ' n"-n,(1 his heing sick, I can suit old .hat nf°.lTB VV"r '^e n'eas'«-iour months old. that I 11 sell you for fifty dollars." D,\°oUnr w Vl-0ller one I'midred dollars for the Duke of Wellington, and get him. You leave he tCchili U°Ur Vei,' °V" your face-a".l cithemake the child home with you in a carriage or make oth.r arrangements for its transfer. It is'notan un- 1 common event for a lady to call Bt One of these i ccrhin'dav ml?'a- il'1 be '»» on a certain day. I lie circumstaiice is suspicious and fni^t™ -fevery^hildVno^ , be^delighted ivith ikLVhfeannot ^'o bm^Thin ' cradles, or crawling over the floor, or sacking in dustriously at feedin" bottles it„ i„,..ib . of the chiidrendesctTn^up™ "twemletth and comes away with the impression ^that it is a much better place than he had supposed. It is unn«e, wtlrthl wAiC\Wi,rSed in lb-h~ and "agetV B ,t ie do" f" Cnacta! lm"U " solemn Sf orUvfl!m0is° dViilan,inWi^ °f ™hat"™a" Those who wish tit£ '""spring in our midst. iamM c I *n?W m0re RO to the are sold'at slay™prices'. cb*'dren 4y New York Bishop Cole;,-so and Conyqc itiox — T Archdeacon of Taunton gives notice that in t session of Convocation of the Province mant?.rbl,rJr ""'ensuing he will move that f rnneVt orders be suspended in order to t consideration of an address to the Upper Horn ™ tu* Upper House to direct theappoif rnent of a Cotnmtttee of the Lower House hnT'TfT rc!,,°,n,UP()n to ,be I.ower ?Tonsc book lately published, entitled, "The Pe tateuch and Book of Joehna cHtitolly by he R ghtRav. John William Colon." J8G2°" London ; Longman"^ Co on-n- . tbe Lower House may deliver i opinion to the Upper House touching the pr, needing to a aynod.cal judgment upon tl Quaint Vehicles —In the following on one vowel ts used, and a very peculiar poem v have in consequence. We do not know who too the trouble to wrtte the lines, but they are cur ous now they are doDo No monk too good to roll, or cog, or plot No fool so gross to bolt Scotch collopa hot. l*rom D .njon tops no Cronooko rolls Dogwood not lotos, floods Oporto's bowls J mops of old tosspots oft to sot consort. ' Box-tops onr schoolboys, loo, do flog for sport No cool monsoons blow soft on Oxford dons Oriliodox.jog.trot, hook-worm Solomons Bold Ostrogoths of ghosts no horror show. ,'|1" Loudon sliop-lronts no liop-blossoms crow. To crocks of q dil no dodo looks for food Ion»°LCrm tor'!0tft00lSrn0i°ldf01 dotb b'°°a l'ffei, s ps forIo«' work 011 to porl snort, r°°St °n tr°0nS' nor W'oodcoe: Nor dog on snowdrop or on coltsfoot rolls Nor common frog concocts long protocols. in " BerI»b'>e Uog" 'say bacon The fnUnl" P'-ck,,e 13 for curinj bacon. Ihe folio vm^is the method of curinc wha u termed farmhouse bacon" in Bcrkslnre* b°R " cut out. Jay the flitches on , f?™, ,rouRb. and sprinkle a little salt ove them; let It remain a few hours, then wipe then fe"dr11 mb m ,the sa,t'tIle quantity aecordin" to the size; repeat the rubbing in every other dav sin .L^e d'lehes. ond occasionally adding freif saltj the length of time to be in the salt must de pend ou your own taste, but from a fortnight to» month JS the usual time, then take the salt off Ti you wish for smoked bacon, put itupachimnev where wood only is burnt; if you wish for what ji termed white dried, any dry place near a firt will do—some prefer o malt house. If you wish your bacon to look- a little red, pound a small quanuty of saltpetre, and mix with th? first salt The Messagekies Im pehiales. The Eryuianthe arrived in our roads yesterday morning* and sailed last night. Our special had ^ome curio sity to see this steamer—the pioneer of the Messa geries Impcrialc Company's undertakings m tnese waters, and accordingly went off to inspect the arrangements and general condition of the vessel. He was courteously escorted by the captain throug the ship, and enabled to form a decided opinion a to beT titness for tho line upon which she has been placed. Her flush deck .is peculiarly commodious and free from obstructions, being provided wi comfortable seats, such as are denied by the l. an O. Company. The saloon .is lofty, airy .and well proportioned, with large mirrors let mto the panel, on each side, and the usual fittings up of the Englia steamer?. The aft-cabins are somewhat larger.man those of any vessel plying on this coast, and fumishe comfortably with good white and blue crockery, clothes nets, hat pegs and so forth. ^he second class passengers are berthed forward like all bachelor first class travellers are liable to on the 1. and U. boats, and should the steamer be full four passengers will be placed in one cabin, whereas only two are berthed together in the first class. But as both the first and .second class passengers mess together, lew single men will feel any objection to tra velling under the after class; and, apparently with the view of providing more second-class accommodation when required the couches in the first c'ass cabins turn up and can formed into beds, so that evcntuallv first-class pas sengers will be the exception not the iuIc as tney are on board our own steamers. The crying wan of Anglo-Indians for many years has been a respect able second.class accommodation in* thc-ovemnu steamers, at reasonably moderate rates, and as the i\ and O. Company have declined to gratify it, and allowed the cape ships and steamers to run away with a very large number of people yearly who would famuher travel overland, we arc very glad to welcome the French steamers in these parts, be lieving that they will prove of great convenience to the majority of Europeans resident in India who cannot consistently afford the high rates of the l. and O. and vet dread the idea of going round the Cape with their families. M'c believe that third class passengers will be taken from Madras to Mar seilles for .Its. 430, including the railway-fare across the deseit, whilst the first class rates will be about the same as tl.ose of the P. and O., excep • i ing that a man and his wife can travel together, an can have 4t reserved" accommodation at single rates. Second class passengers wilL pay Its. 1100. Doubt less the agents will be instructed to make lair allowance for children under twelve years of age, and we confidently expect to find it possible lor a husband, wife ami three children toreach Marseilles from this at a cost of lis. ''>,000, including steward s fees and bout hire.—^Latitat Ttmcs% November HlNTS ABOUT GIVING ClIAIlACTERS TO Servant 3.—The giving of a character to a servant is one of the most ordinary communications which a member of society is called on to make, and is.a duty of great importance to the public; and in respect of that duty a person offends previously against the ir» erest o( the community in giving a good character where it is not deserved; or against justice and humanity in either injuriously refusing to give a character, or in designedly misrepresenting one to the detriment of the individual. 1 he follow in..' rules are suggested 'for die consideration of masters and mistresses not acquainted with the law in such cases. Bute 1.—No magistrate has any jurisdiction touching, the character of a domestic servant, and the common threat of a master or mistress beingsuramoned for not giving a character is absurd. Kule 2.—It has been clearly decided that a character, honestly and bona fid given by a master or mistress to any person^ making the usual inquiry, is a privileged communication, and unless inconsistent with.truth, or actual malice can be proved by evidence, no damages can be sustained. Ilule 3.—The only safe course, when a master or mistress cannot in sincerity and truth recommend a servant, is to decline answering any questions on the subject, and ihe following form of written answer may prove useful: ** .Mrs A, presents her compli ments to Mrs I!., and, in reply to her note request ing the character of Ann CI , trusts she will kindly excuse Mrs A. declining to answer.any questions on the subject," A copy should be kept. In the case of " Carrol v. Bird " the courts ol Jaw have decided that neither master nor mistress is bound to give a character, and that no action will iie aqainst them for refusing,—I'earce's I' antily Almanac. A Suiiject for Naturalists.—IV'e had submitted to our inspection on Friday jast two hybrid animals, whose existence certainly is an in contestable answer to the question which has often been mooted by naturalists " Can, or will, animals of the canine and feline race breed together '• The animals to which wc allude arc the produce of a lioness and a true English mastiff. They are a dog and bitch, and are a' out seven weeks old. The bitch presents no extraordinary feature, and at first glance would be taken for a mongrel, while the dog at once catches tire eye as something uncommon, lie has ah the true colour of the African lion, has a black stripe down his back, and a species of black fringe under the jowl, which has all the appearance of an incipient mane; both animals have the power of extending and retracting the claws like a cat; and their movements, especially those of the male, when playing together and when feeding, partake more of the feline than the canine method. The male stands nearly a foot high, the female not quite so large; their limbs are immensely powerful, and their general appearance assures cne that, when full grown, they will be most formidable customers. That they are really what they are represented to us is a matter of certainty and not of speculation. The mother wa-. brought to this country four years ago by Captain .\V. 11. Patten Saunders, and given to his mother, in whose possession she has been ever since. The sire, a fine mastiff, has also been in that lady's possession for the same period. They have constantly occupied the ssme yard, but have generally been chained up. The lioness has never seen a lion since her arrival in this country, and no animal except the mastill can have had access to her. These curiosities will no doubt create great speculation among naturalists, and the discussion , will tend tn enliven the coming dull season if no j more useful end will be answered.—Bell'» Liie I in London. i MuitnEit of British Seamen.—In Sep* tember, 11150, the Kilty, of Newcastle, waslonin ( Hudson's Straits, by being nipped in the ice. Five , of her Crew, who sot into a small boat, after endut i in# great suffering by exposure to the cold, suc ceeded in reaching a Moravian missionary station, where they were hospitably entertained, and three I of them sent to their homes in England next summer. But of the fate of the Master of this vessel, Air Ellis, and the remainder of the Crew, who left the ship in the longboat, nothing has been 'heard until the arrival of the vessels from the I Hudson Bay stations this autumn, when the sad intelligence has been brought that the U poor fellows fell into the hands of unfriendly Esquimaux, and were murdered for the sake of tneir blankets. The missionaries at Okak, writing to the widow of the Master of the vessel in August last, says—u It is with grief. madam, we must inform you that it is, alas, only too true that the long hoat, with her master and crew, arrived at Ungava Bay, but that none of the men survive. Bast winter Esquimaux from Ungava Bay visited our northernmost settle ment. Hebron, who related that in the winter of 1B50 00 several Europeans in a boat landed at the island called Akpatok, in Ungava Bay. They lived with the Esquimaux until about January, upon what the later could provide for them; but then, most likely, when their provisions became short, i the Esquimaux attacked them when they were asleep, and-killed them, stabbing them with their knives. There is no doubt of these really being the men from the Kitty, because the Esquimaux knew ■ there had been another hoat with five men belong in# to them, whom they deemed lost. They said one man of the murdered company had very frost bitten feet, and him the Esquimaux would not kill by stabbing, but chawed him a kind of heathen mercy,.as they put him into the open air until he | was dead-by severe cold." It seems that these un fortunate men had been murdered for the sake of i the blankets thev had with them. It would appear that one of the Esquimaux wanted to save the three Europeans who lodged with him. but they met the same fate as their companions. - The tribe who have committed this murder do not appear to have been brought into contact with the European missions; and the friendly tribe who brought the information in to Hebron further informed the Moravian mis sionaries at that place that a little further north from Ungava Bay. a whole crew, consisting in all of about 40 men, were enticed on shore and then killed by the Esquimaux. Latin Composition in Mebtcax. Ex aminations.—An Imperial decree which has just been published in Paris, doing away with the necessity which existed for medical students of pre senting a thesis in Latin when going in for their Doctor's degree, is explained as follows by the PaysAccording to tneTJniversity regulations in force till 1K52, no candidate could present himself to be examined for 'the degree of Bachelor of Sciences without having first obtained the diploma of Bachelor of Letters. As all candidate for the degree of Doctor in Medicine were at that time re quired to produce the diploma of Bachelor of Sciences, they..were of course. Bachelors of Letters also. Butin lG32a " bifurcation" was introduced, and the students who intended to study.medicine or science were, according to the new regulations, re quired to take only the-degree of Bachelor of Sciences. The diploma! of Bachelor of Letters was, therefore, no longer necessary for medical students. In order, however, to secure a certain degree of classical instruction the candidates for a doctor's degree were, required, on the fifth exami nation to write a composition in Latin; but this new test was never applied, with much strictness. Ex perience has proved that it is possible to translate a dead language readjly, and to be familiar with its literature, without being able to write the language with any degree of elegance. The style of the future doctors was, ihcrcfore, more likely to resemble Moliere's Latin than that of Cicero. It has. there fore, been deemed expedient to restore the old rule of making the diploma of Bachelor of Letters a preliminary to all other degrees; and, as this change renders unnecessary the Latin composition in the examination for the doctor's degree, it has now been jupprewetl, Ci-gugymen AMI Biblical CnrrrciSJt.—The fol lowing in the conclusion of Bisliop Colcnso's essay on the Pentateuch In conclusion, I commend this subject more especially to the attention of the laity. They are happy enough to be ahle to lay nsb.bJ snch questions as these, if they will, while still continuing members of the national church. I implore them to consider the position in which the clevgy will he placed, if the facts brought forward in this book arc found to be substantially true. Let them examine their own hearts solemnly, in the sight of God oil these points. Would they have the cletgy bound, under pains and penalties, to profess belief in that which they do not themselves believe in, to which they would not, on any account, com mit themselves? Arc they willing that their own sons, who may feel the divine call to devote them selves to the ministry of souls, should be en tangled in these trammels, ao galling to the conscience, so injurious to their sense of troth and honesty, so impeding to the freedom and heartiness of their ministrations? We, indeed.wlio are already under the yoke, may have for a time to hear it, however painful it may he, while we struggle and hope 011 for deliverance. But what yonth of noble mind, witli a deep yearning for truth, and an ardent desire to toll onj the love of God to man, will consent to put himself voluntarily into such fetters ? It may he possible to represent aomo of the arguman siu this hook as invalid, others as unimportant. But iftho mnin result of it be true, as I believe it will he found to be, it seems to me impossible that, five years hence, unless liberty of speech be gained on tivs# matters, any of the more hopeful and intelligent of pur yonng men will be at.-le, with clear consciences, to enter the ministry of the church of England. Our young men, as the organs of the establishment arc beginning sorrow fully to admit, are rather shy of entering the church; there is a falling off both in talent and nnmbers. Tire ohler men nre, in very many in stances chafing under the curb. Freedom is working out her own problem, as she has often done before. Beligion wilt be mined, of course; that is, the national church. But the national church has been ruined so often that the process seema to agree with her and promote her grow th. She ,was ruined by the repeal of the Test act; by Catholic emancipation; by the .Reform Bill; by the'Irish-Church Bill; by the Dissenters' Marriage Bill; and by various other enactmenfa. But it seems she did not know it. any more than ,onr: infantry squares knew they were broken at Waterloo. So she fought on; and both her friends nnil her enemies acknowledge- that she is all tho stronffcr for her ruination. One more disaster is impending: that of allowing the clergy to discus — ont of the pulpit—her doctrines and her founda tions. And we venture to predict that this utter and complete ruination will do more foe tier com plaint than all the others. HonninLE- Scene at a Bull Figiit. The Circus at Saragossa has just been the scene'0 a sanguinary drama. On Sunday the place wa 1 full, and- two toreadors of the secondary rank bu very popular as natives ot the city, named Jos'qui Oil and lerez, made the customary salute am ! ottered fo kill the bulls in honor of the Presiden and the assembly. The first animal was cleverl killed by Perez ; the second was a Portu-ucs animal, very vicious, cunning and strong. lie re ceivcd the fatal blow from Gil; hut at the sam moment he tossed the unhappy man in the aii received him upon h s horns, which entered ih into the body, and Ihrew him to the ground sen Jess', and then fell : dead by the side of his victim. ...... uu.Mbttu vy UiC aiuc 01 HIS Vicun The third bull was also a Portuguese. The ioreado : v.ere urider a stat'c'of terror difficult to describe. Ti picadors would scarcely touch him. Fierce in tl middle of- the arena, he seemed to defy the band rillos, who at great risk fixed two or three firebrani to his neck, in .order so excite him. From pain ar noise the bull became furious. The task of killir him'fell to ,1'erez, who advanced with hesitatioi and seemed only able to strike feebly with h sword. The President called to him, and presse to have the bull's legs cut with the demMune (a immense sythe fixe i on a pole), but Perez refuse this proposition, which he considered to invoh disgrace to a toreador, lie returned to the figh The bull threw itself upon him; in vain he cast i it'the mulatta in red cloth; the bull paid no attei tion to it and followed him; but he seized th barriers, and in'leaping over it threw his sword J the bull's front; it struck the beast in the face, an and by a stragc 'fatality rebounded and penetrate the thigh of the poor toreador, cutting it to th bone. The blood run in torrents from an ope artery. The unhappy man was carried out, an thedemi-lune was then employed. The hind leg of the benst were cut; but even then, upon h stumps, it appeared so terrible that no one dare approach it. The demi lune was again broughi and one of the front legs cut off. The beast fell t the ground; and a stroke from the dagger finishei him- Will it be believed that even after this th public were not satisfied, and demanded the rest o the sport, and that the authorities were obliged t< give them tickets for the next exhibition! Th toreador Gil was buried on Tuesday; the othe man is in a dangerous state, and amputation is t< be tried when he seems strong enough to bear it. The Rev. F. D. Maurice.—The J)aih Nrwt, and another paper have announced, not, w believe, without grounds for what they have said but prematurely, and, we may now say, erroneously that.the. Rev F. P. Maurice has determined t throw up his benefice in the Church of England AVe have the best reason to know that the ques tion pending in Mr Maurice's case, whatever i may have been, has now been otherwise decided ami, to the great satisfaction of a large patt; in the church, he has consented to withdrav his resignation. The literary sceptics migh fall olf from the church without much observation the controversial system builders might depar without raising a sigh ; but if the broadest ant deepest Thought in the clerical ranks were like! to shake the dust off" its feet, we shouli have only the narrow textual or the prim ceremonia ardor left.to be the salt of the church; an whether that could so far season the always largi mass of Laodicean indifference and selfishness i every clergy as to preserve it from rapid corruptior it is not easy to say.—Spectator A Lady's Revenge.—Late one evening a perso came into our office, and asked to see the editor c tho LinceU On being introduced to our sanctua he placed a bundle upon tho table, from which h proceeded to extract a very fair and symmetric* lower extremity, which might have matched Atalanta'a bettor part, and which had evidently belonged to a worn " There!" said he, " is there anything the inal with that leg? Did you ever see a handsom What ought the man to.be done with who cut itoj On having the meaning of these interrogatories before us, we found that it war tho leg of the wifi our evening visitor. Ho had been accustomed admire.the lady's leg .and foot, of the perfectioi which she was, it appeared fully conscious. A dajs before, he hail excited her anger, and they quarrrelle l violent lv. upon which she left tho hoi declaring she would be revenged on him, and 1 the should nev«r the objects of his admiration eg The next thing he heard of he was that she wi patient in — Hospital, and had had her amputated. She had declared to tho Burgeons t she suffered intolerable pain in the knee, and! begged to have the limb removed, a petition surgeons complied with, and thus became the iosl men t of her absurd and self.tortnrinr* rpvenee u her husbautL 