MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1863. In spite of the unanimous protest of the free Australian colonies, it seems probable that the English Government will resume the transportation of convicts to Australia. The commissioners appointed to inquire into the whole question of secondary punishments, have lately made their re- port to the Imperial Parliament j and «ne_of its principal features is a recom- mendation that " all male convicts who u arejiot disqualified for removal to a "-colony" should bo sent to Western Australia during the latter part of their punishment. The commissioners, among whom is to be found the name of Mr. GnavpERS, have gone deeply into the question of how to make convicts " useful members of society." Thoy are anariinMusly of opinion that the best opportunity which offers of making a, convict socially useful is to send him to a thinly;peopled colony ; and they indicate that such a colony, " admirably adapted" for the purpose, easts in Western Aus- tralia. The colonists there are declared to bo willing to receive a large supply of convict labour-the society of Western Australia, in fact, is in need of some useful members, and convicts are pre- cisely adapted to do for Western Aus- tralia what Western Australia wants. " Suitable accommodation," it is de- clared, has been provided by the Western [Australians for their expected guests; and prisons and everything requisite are prepared^ at this end of the world for another trial of this great project of convict acclimatisation. The commis- sioners, who appear to be as well ac- quainted with tlie wishes and require- ments of the Western Australians as with the geographical features of the Australian continent, declare that the convicts will be in perfect security in their new home. There is nothing to interfere with the thorough success of the experiment. " Pnysical obstacles, " quite insuperable, prevent the escape " of convicts by land, and there are great " facilities for preventing it by sea" The 'garden of the Hesperides will have its idragons. The tender objects of Imperial solicitude will not be subject to the contamination of the outside world -the "useful members of society" in embryo, will ' be fenced about and guarded during the term of their piobation against all contact with the society which they are one day to adorn. The commissioners, having in view all the eminently happy conjunction of cir- cumstances -which mark out Western Australia as the great social training school of this continent, cometo the final conclusion that, " with the exception of " those who are physically or otherwise " unfit for it, all convicts sentenced to " penal servitude of any term of years " shjoplcl be ultimately sent totestem. " Australia." They do not, however, recommend that the old' sentence of transportation' should be revived, as a penalty to be awarded by the judges. The form of sentence is still to be penal servitude for a term of years, " to be " undergone in such place, at home or " abroad, asHr.it MAJESTY may direct." ^ We are not yet in a position to know how far the recommendations of the commissioners have obtained the ap- proval of the British Government ; but from the tenor of a recent conversation in the House of Commons, and the tone- of certain leading articles in The Times, it is, perhaps, quito time for us to be convinced that, in spite of the re- peated and emphatic remonstrances of the Australian colonists, the Imperial Government is once'more about to send its convicts to populate the western shores of this continent. We are once more to be made the1 dust-heap of the British .Islands. < The safety and conve- nience of society require that Eng- lish filth should be cast out in Aus- tralia. - It is ours to be the sewer to the Thiee Kingdoms; and for our reward is there not a sufficiently tempt- ing prize held out? We are to bo permitted, to enrich our own country with the manure which is only a nuisance at home. We are to have all the profit and use of the," muck" for our social agricul- ture. Bi ought to these genial shores, to a sterile soil and a thin population, that which is ordure in England is to be wealth in Australia, The loyalty and long-tried affection of the Australian colonies 'have deserved this return at the hands of the mother-country. Ncu_more glorious mission' was ever entrusted to a young and rising country. To use up the foulness of Eng- land-to turn her crime into our great- ness- to make her criminals blossom into " useful members of society "-what nobler destiny has ever entered into oiír aspirations ? It is true that the commissioners pro- pose to limit the benefit of transporta- tion, to the colony of Western Aus- tralia alone. But wo know from ex- perience, much belter than these gentle- men, how far from insuperable are the " physical obstacles " which prevent the spread of convictism to all the other colonies. We know, at least, that "even during the period of sentence it is nojb only possible, but very practicable, for the inchoate "useful members of society" to pass from the comparatively barren field, on the Swan Uiver' to the larger sphere of usefulness open to them in Victoria and in New South Wales. WeTuiow that a considerable number of ticket-of-leave men have already aban- doned the inhospitable deserts and dull solitudes of Western Australia for the gold-fields of Victoria, and the even more attractive and profitable pursuit of bushranging in the Eastern colony. ' We know that, neither by Bea nor land, is the way so difficult as to deter future enterprises of this kind. We cannot flatter ourselves that the Imperial commissioners are half so much in- terested in looking at the question from this point of view as we are who are to be the ultimate subjects of their experi- ment. The convicts, it is specially re- commended in this report, shall be men in the prime of life, and chosen from among the worst class of criminals. The weak, the aged, and the less dangerous are to be left at home- it is only the young, strong, and active felon who is to be transported. Tickets of-leave, it is suggested, shall be given within six to eighteen months after the landing of the prisoners in Western Australia, Who will deny that the commissioners have taken the most favourable view of the interests of the British convict, without much reference to tho feelings or the opinions of the colonists who are to receive the good things which England exports Î There is another view of the case which does not seem to have suggested itself at all to the commissioners, but winch is of the highest possible interest to-Australians. Granted that Western Australia will bo able to take care of the convicts under sentence-that she will be able to prevent her pet lambs from straying into other folds- whatprotection have we, the other Australian colonies, against being inundated as before, with felons in the probationary state-with convicts who have worked out their sen- tences, and -with those who may ' be conditionally pardoned t Everyone ac- quainted with the past history of con victiBirj, in these colonies knows that this is t'jo greatest danger which the free colonies have to apprehend-a danger from which Victoria has terribly suffered, 'and against which she once made a noble and memorable stand. The Im- perial commissioners do not seem to be able to comprehend th.it a con- vict colony may be a source of pollu- tion and danger to all its neighbours, even-although it is able to keep safely the convicts actually under sentence. But the history of our connection with Tasmania and New South Wales Las taught us that perh.aps the worst evil to be apprehended is from the importation of convicts who have passed their sen- tence,' or who have been conditionally pardoned. We can never have any security that the governor of a penal set- tlement will not abuse his prerogative of pardon whenever it is to his convenience to ¡do so. Our own prisons, at the present moment, are full of English criminals, who, after a more or less graduation in crime in Tasmania, have been " conditionally par " doned." What is to protect us against a revival of this intolerable abuse from Western Australia? The Government of a penal colony has a direct interest in getting rid of its worst and most dan- gerous criminals. In carrying out its great design of making useful members of society of the English criminals, it is naturally anxious to reduce the number of its failures, and to îemove from the experiment as much risk as possible of defeat. But what is to become of the " conditionally pardoned," and of those who are not good enough to remain in the primitive paradise created for them by the pious care of a paternal Govern- ment 1 We know very well'that they are bound to come hither-that it is Vic- toria which must prove the ultimate destination of the English felon. Will the Victorians endure with pa- tience this attempt to infect them anew with the foulness of England 1 The spirit which caused us, ten years ago, to rebel against the tide of pollution, should once more be aroused against this new experiment in convict accli-" matisation. The Times is perfectly right in predicting that the free colonies of Australia will resist the attempt to charge them with the crime of England. They are bound to oppose the experi- ment by every means in their power, or they would be false to their British cha- racter-false to their instincts of libeity and order-traitors to themselves and to their children. The hold which the modern science of acclimatisation has taken on the minds of men becomes everywhere broadened and strengthened with a rapidity which can hardly fail to satisfy its most enthu- siastic devotees. In every quarter of the globe, men of the highest standing warmly lend their aid in a movement out of which has arisen a quite novel sort of brotherhood and a hitherto un- known system of exchange. The idea once, started, it was found that almost every country enjoyed in profusion some one or more species of animal or vegetable production of which almost every other country was in want. A universal in- terchange of commodities will, of course, be the natural result, and each, actuated by the true principle of political economy, already manifests its readiness to exchange that which it possesses for that which it wants. Where or when the equalization of the distribution of animal and vegetable life thus inaugu- rated will stop, it would be profitless labour to inquire; it is enough that something new is being done daily, and that each thing done is an actual gain, quite independent of what has gone before or is to come after. The field is almost limitless, and the benefits accruing to mankind at large will be found to be so also, if the labourers keep before them the guiding principle pointed out by Mr. F. BUCKLAND, who observed that one of the maxims of the society is, that the nearest way to a man's heart; is down his throat ; that in Australia, till recently, little was heard of but tea, damper, and mutton ; and in England, mutton-chops and beefsteaks, varied only occasionally by beefsteaks and mutton-chops. " We must not allow " this to go on now that we have the " inexhaustible treasures of nature be " fore us," If the practical part of the mission of acclimatisers-the way down men's throats-be not neglected, we may be sure of reaching their hearts, and they will then be willing also to help in adding to the supply of things pleasant to the eye or the ear. Simultaneously with the report of the anniversary festival of the Acclimatisa- tion Society of Great Britain, which ap- pears in another part of this day's issue, we received the Quarterly Reviews,in one of the best of which, the National, is an elaborate article on the " Accli- matisation and Preservation of Animals." In this, the writer makes a handsome acknowledgement of the service rendered to the cause by the Victorian Society. But he mingles wise caution with judi- cious praise, and while we may feel that we are fairly entitled to the last, let us not neglect the first. Although in the following extract the writer we are re- ferring to tells us nothing we did not know already, and although in his generous acknowledgement of our good work, he commits a few errors, which, however, are on the right side, giving us credit for a little more than we are as yet actually entitled to, it will be read with interest here when it is borne in mind that it will have a large number of the best class of readers in Eng- land :- " Most of our readers will he aware that for some time past the question of acclimatisa- tion has been much discussed in the Aus- tralian colonies, and many of them may know that several animals, besides the common do- mestic races of Europe, have already been successfully introduced to the lands of the Southern Gross. Some of these-as witness the camels on the glorious expedition of the ill-fated Burke-have even yet begun to play an important part in their new country's his- tory. Most of them are due to the enterprise of private persons, at the instigation of Mr. Edward Wilson ; but of late the Government of Victoria-and we believe also of some of the sister colonies-has taken the matter in hand., Nearly £4,000 has been voted by the Pailiament at Melbourne for this especial purpose, and an Acclimatisation Society has been established in that city, under the most favourable auspices, with the Governor, Sic Henry Barkly, as its patron, while Dr. Ferdi- nand Mueller and Professor M'Coy, naturalists of great scientific attainments, hold office in it. The camels which, have been imported to the colony are said to be thriving admirably. A large number have now been bred there, and several, escaped from exploring parties, have adapted themselves perfectly to the country, and have been seen in various parts of New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. The naturalisation of the llama, undertaken at a great cost by Mr. Ledger, may be considered as accomplished ; and a contract has been entered into for the introduction of no less than 1,500 alpacas, of which a third part has already arrived, notwithstanding the hindrances caused by the jealousy of some of the South American Governments-hin- drances so great as to entitle Mr. Duffield, the gentleman charged with the execution of the commission, to the highest praise in over- coming them. These animals are all intended for the high cold mountains of Gipps Land where, in a climate like their own, and with suitable plants for food, there can be little doubt that all their best qualities will be pre served, if not improved. Not satisfied, how over, with stocking the colony with the fleecy staple of the Cordilleras, the society has in- troduced the fine-haired Angora goat, and has taken steps to procure that of Thibet, bearing the beautiful wool from which the costly Cachmere shawls are made. The acclimatisa- tion of the eland is another object fcr which special arrangements have been made; and this stately and gentle beast has in England shown iiself so apt for domestication, that it requires no prophetic foresight to predict its speedy and thorough naturalization in a country so much more resembling its own, while the surpassing excellence of its flesh makes its introduction there a consummation as devoutly to bo wished for as it is pro- bable." We must now say something of the warnings the same writer gives to accli matisers. One which is so obvious that we can share his surprise and regret that it has been in great measure overlooked ' by the English society, is, that " every " where the acclimatisation of animals, " to be successful, requires, the aid of " zoological knowledge." Taking extreme cases, he remarks it would be manifestly absurd to attempt the introduction of the musk-ox to the plains of India, or the camel to the tundras of Siberia, of the Scotch fir to the llanos of South America, or the bread- fruit to English forests, while it would be inconsistent with the real, or at least the legitimate objects of ac- climatisation, to attempt to naturalize the fox in Australia " even for purposes " of sport ;" or the tiger in, the forests of Europe; or the nettle in the West Indian sugar islands ; " though all these " may have their proper functions to " perform in the countries of their " birth." But, on the other hand, ac- climatisation is not limited to those species only which seem to be capable of complete domestication, " any more than " it could be correctly extended to those " which are induced to thrive and propa " gate their kind in an undoubtedly " artificial mode of life." It is, he says, a sort of probationary process, which may possibly result in actual domestication, but more probably in the introduction of a certain exotic species into a country, which, after a period of modified re- clamation, will become, as it were, feroe naturd, share with its original inhabi- tants the same risk to which they are exposed, "and yet finally increase and " multiply without the immediate pro " tection of man." He proceeds to point out another, and, in his opinion, a more serious class of errors into which the promoters of acclimatisation are likely to fall, and from which zoological knowledge will protect them. Botanists, he tells us, are unanimously of opinion that in several countries many of the native plants have been extirpated by the introduction of foreign species The "struggle for life" has proved too much for them when stronger and hardier kinds have been set by their side ; and he quotes from Mr. DARWIN the statement that "in " St. Helena there is reason to believe " that the naturalized plants and animals " have nearly or quite exterminated " many native productions." The same has been the case in the Mauritius, where many birds besides the dodo and its kindred species " once abounded, and which have disappeared before the nu- merous species which have been intro- duced into the island mostly during the French occupation. " How great a " nuisance," he says, " a not very " noxious weed in Europe may turn out " when transported to Australia is abun " dantly shown by the acts of the " colonial Legislatures for the prevention " of thistles, all originating, it is said, " from a single plant, carried out by a too " patriotic Scotchman." The Flora of Australasia, he maintains, particularly in New Zealand, has already sustained a dire defeat from European inter- lopers. And he predicts a like fate for the Fauna. Even now some of its mem- bers " are undergoing a fearful conflict " for existence " against foreign animals. Dogs, cats, and hogs, run wild in many "places, and commit dire ravages. The native rat of New Zealand-a compa- ratively harmless animal-is more easily and more fatally conquered by the in- vading species than the Maori by the Armstrong gun and Enfield rifle. The apteryx, like a " ghost, vanishes at the " crow of the settler's cock ; " while the emeu and kangaroo retire before his sheep and horned cattle. While en- deavouring to introduce new species, he asks, why should we neglect to retain the old? The question is well worthy of deep and serious attention. The Parliamentary session, which was brought to a close on Friday, was opened by His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, on the 7th November last It therefore extended over ten months. The Legislative Assembly had, during that period, 115 sittings, which occu- pied 687 hours, the average length per sitting being a little moro than five hours. The longest sitting was on the 20th February, when the first great fight took place on the Electoral Law Amendment Bill, and when the House did not odjourn until after four o'clock in the morning ; the shortest (only five minutes) was on the 23rd June, when the resignation of tho O'shanassy Ministry was announced. The sittings of the Legis- lative Council numbered seventy, occupying togother about 101 hours, or an average of an hour and a half per sitting. The Council ti Hil '- J divided twenty-EDVen, and the Assembly about 160 time Thero waa only one " "count out" in "the Council, and that oc- curred tho nijjht before the prorogation, In the Asaomblj, on the contrary, there were as rnaDy as nineteen "counts ont." Seven of thefo took place at the assembling of rthe House; two were on Mr* Moi ton's motion as to forago, &c;, for volunteer field officers ; the tenth, on the 25th November, was on Dr. Mackay's motion for a commission to visit Gipps Land ; the eleventh, on March 11, was on the second reading of the Passengers (Im- migration) Bill ; tho 12th, on March 12, twas on Mr. Woods' motion for compensation, to Mr. Hines ; the thirteenth, on March 13, was on Mr. Fraser's motion for altering tho quorum of the Gold Prospectors'Committee; the four- teenth, on March 26, was on Mr. Higinbolbam'ti motion as to Civil Sorvice Act' Appeals ! the fifteenth, on March 31, was on Mr. Foott'a motion for a committee to inquire into lUims for compensation made by Ashby people, re the Geelong and Melbourne Railway ;' the ?sixteenth, on April 24, was on the Becoud reading of the ,Licen3ed Victuallers 'Act3 Amendment Bill ; the seventeenth, on May 7, wai on the Supremo Coait Costs Bill ; the eighteenth, on May 13, was on Mr. L. L. SmitL's motton tosubsidi.se municipalities for Royal marriage rejoicings ; and the nine- teenth, was on Wednesday last, during Hhe ?consideration of the amendments made by tho Logi-lative Council in the Railway Act Amendment Bill. The number of measures ?which in the courso of the session- havo pacsed both Houses and received the Boyal assent is twenty-five, including three money lulls (which were paESid in anticipation of the Appropriation Act), and three private bills. Two other measures-the Governor's Salary Reduction Bill, and tho Real Property ^Act (Removal of Doubts) Bill-have been reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon. 'Three seats in each Houso became vacant during the'scssion; in addition to those caused by the change of Ministry, the holders of which w ere re-elected. The places in the Legislative Council, resigned by Mr. Bennett and Mr. OoppiD, were filled up by the election of Mr. Bear and Mr. Jenner. A th rd vacancy occurred through the death of Mr. Stewart, ?whose successor has'not yet been declared. In the Legislative Assembly, the resignation of Mr. Gatty Jones, Mr. Nixon, and Dr Owens, lei to the return ot Mr. Thomson, Mr. Michie, and Mr. Casey, for Evelyn, Pol- warth, and Mandurang respectively. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, upon leav- ing Melbourne, -was, we learn, escorted to the Sandridge Pier by a detachment of the Prince of Wales Volun teer LightHorse, under Captain Scott. Owing to the Suddenness attending the arrival and departure of the Bombay, the volunteers had to be called out at a moment's notic, and the muster which was obtained was, under these circumstances, creditable to them. Upon arriving at the pier, Sir Henry Barkly (who was accompanied by Lady Barkly and Miss Barkly) was received by a guard of honour of the Royal Artillery, under Captain Purcell, and ho proceeded at once to the Bombay, per the steamer Lioness, which Mr. Throckmorton had placed at the disposal of the Government. A detachment of the Royal Artillery fired a salute of seventeen guns, from the Sandridge battery, upon the embarkation being effected. l By the Bombay's mail we have filc3 and advices to the following dates :-Perth (Wes- tern Australia), August 6; Hong Kong, July 28; Shanghai, July 21; Singapore, August 7; Colombo, August 17 ; Calcutta, August 8 ; Bombay, Augnst 0 ; and Madras, August 10. Tho course selected for the Ivanhoe Steeple, chase seems to havo given general satisfaction from the remarkably good view it afforded of the progtcss of the race to the spectators. It is contemplated to run the annual Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechases over the same line of country, early in October. The Ivanhoe Steeplechase, we may add, like oil the cross- country races of the post 'season, was origin, ated by Mr. P. D. Hamilton, who seems to be fortunate in his selection?. Geelong, it seems, is to hold the Football Challenge Cup this year. The representatives of that city met the Melbourne players on Saturday, in the Richmond Paddock, and secured an easy victory. The Melbourne team, it must be confessed, was about the weakest the metropolitans ever played in a good match. Several of the best playing, members of the club, including Mr. H. C. Harrison, who has captained it this season, were absent from the affair. Mr. T. P. Hill gives another of his entertain" ments.in the Mechanics' Institute, thisovening, Tho special subject of the lecture is " Inflec- tion and Emphasis." Mr. Hill deserves en- couragement ou a more liberal scale than has yet been awarded to him. « At sunset last night the Jewish year 5624 commenced. To-day and to-morrow will, as usual, be observed as strict holidays by the Jewish members of the community. Wednes- day, the 23rd inst., tho Day of Atonement, will be kept as a "white fast." Blanchetown, on the Murray, has been pro- claimed, by the South Australian Government, a port of export and import. The Supreme Court on Saturday decided se- veral eases of in terest. In the case of In re Han- cock and Duffett exporte The Provident Institute, the Court held that Mr. Hancock's double posi-_ tion of director of and eolicit or to the institute deprived hiß firm of their right to full costs, and left them entitled only to costs out of pocket. In the case of Critchley v. Graham, the Court held, under the Gold-fieldsAct, that when a miner has forfeited his claim by not working it, the claim cannot at once be entered on by other miners who have~T!bm plied with the bye laws, but must be first declared abandoned by a warden's order, under seo. 77 of the act. In the case of Schultz v. Dry- burgh, the Court decided a point of interest to the holders of water-rights on the gold-fields. Two partit s had claims supplied by onowater race. The party lowest on the race erected a dam, which caused the water to deposit its .sludge, the waterway to be shallowed, and the stream backed up, so as to flood the upper claim. The ownors of tho upper claim'sued the owners of the lower claim in the Warden's Court, under section 76 of the Goldfields Act, for damages, by interfering with their tail raco. Tho warden hold that thero was rjo in- terference. There wa9 an appeal to the Court of Mines, and a caso there reserved for the opinion of the Supreme Court. The Court held that the warden had no jurisdiction in such a case. The following description of the proposed Episcopal Church, to be erected in Hoddle street, East Collingwood, will doubtless be rend with interest by tho subscribers thereto and members of the Church of England gene- rally. It is intended to have a transept church, of the btyle known as the " early de coratod." This style obtained at the end of the thirteenth and beginning of the four- teenth centuries, and is characteristic of the time when the transition from the simplo early English" to the more " elaborate deco- rated" was being gradually effected. The ob- ject in selecting this style has been to secure a bonding which, to the eyes of many, would w more pleasing and ornamental than one of we pure early Englisbstyle, and yat to avoid the ¿Wat expense which the carrying out of a build- ing in the "decorated" style, properly so called, »auld involve. The length of the nave from toe Western extremity of the hulldi g to the r> chancel arch is about ninety feet, and the width thirty feet. The length of the transepts from the north to the south wall is about sixty-two teet, and the width twenty-six feet. The chancel measures twenty-one feet by six- teen feet. The roof is " open timbered," the roof trusses being of a rather ornamental kind, with curved braces and moulded ham- mer beams. A simple but neat hollow 1K>X cornice runs the entire length of the eaves of the building. The top of this cornice is hinged BO as to open in lengths of about six feet, and it is so arranged that the ventilation of the building is entirely'and at all times under control. The height of the building from the floor to the ridgo Is about iorty feet. A handsome tower and spire are pro- vided at the south-west anglo formed by the intersection of the nave and transept. The external dimensions of the tower at its base are sixteen feet square, nnd the height from the ground-line to the top of the stonework of the spire 106ft. The building will accommo- date 600 persons in tho navo and tramepts to- gether, and the galleries, one of which is pro- posed to be erected in each transept, will to- gether ' accommodate 100 more, making a total of 000 persons. The church is proposed to ba built of bluestone, with freestone dress- ing*, and the estimated COst is about £4,600. Mr. Lloyd Tayler is the architect. . The third meeting of tho Victorian Rifle Club took place, at the Sandridge ranges, on Saturday. The competitors were not so numerous as upon the former occasions, and to some extent tuero was a falling off in the Shooting, One score was made, however, which has not been equalled ia the metro- politan district, Mr. F. T. Sargood obtaining 101 marks with ten rounds at 700, 800, and 900 yards. By virtue of this feat ho carried off the challenge cup offered for competition with Bmall-bore rifles. Private Richmond, of the St. Kilda Rifle Company, won the chal- lenge cup for largo bow rifleB; and Lieut. Sawdy, of the Sandridge Naval Brigade, -was the highest scorer in the match open to non prize takers. The Polytechnic Institute continues to commend itself to publio favour. There can be no doubt of Mr. Love's success in his en- deavours to amuse his audience, and his entertainment and Mr. W. V. Simons's inte- resting conversational i lectures and effective experiments, together with the singing and music provided, make up a substantial pro- gramme. The Bendigo Advertiser states that " the Prince of Wales Company this week tried about two tons of sandstone from their claim, in which specks of gold had been observed, and to their surprise the crushing yielded four ounces of the precious metal." This is an interesting, if not an impJItaut, dis- covery. The following story appears in the London Australian Gazette of the 26th July :-" Some years ago Mr. C. Irving left Cumberland for Australia, and amassed au enormous fortune ; indeed he is said to be more than a mil- lionaire. In 1861, not satisfied with the honours that the colony bad bestowed upon him, he thought of returning home. Ills first care was the founding of a bishopric, in which he cheerfully invested £20,000. His next care was a collection of natural history specimens for his native town of Carlisle. All that enterprise and money could secure was de- voted to this second object. The better paît of £1,000 was spent in the collection of birds, mammals, insects, and eggs. On his arrival in England, Mr. Irving, accompanied by several of the more prominent Cumberland magis- trates and landowners, waited on the mayor and corporation of Carlisle, to make a tender of the collection, only stipulating that a museum should be provided. The mayor and corporation of Carlisle took time to con- sider the proposition, and finally declined to receive Mr. living's gift. This was a disap- pointment. Mr. Irving then thought of some other towns to which the associations of other years invited him. The Carlisle proposition was made to these towns, and by them also it was declined ; birds, mammals, insects, and eggs were not desired. Foiled, therefore, in his object, Mr. Irving resolved to mako a pri- vate exhibition of the collection in his drawing-ioom and invite his irionds to help themselveB. Tho entire collection is in the hands of Mr. H. Ward, the well-known na- turalist in Vere-streer, who, it will be remem- bered, was entrusted with the Natal, Queens- land, Sydney, Tasmania, British Guiana, and Demerara natural history specimens in the Ex- hibition. Mr. Ir ving's specimens are really fine and many of them are rare. In all there are 237 specimens of birds, twelve specimens of mammals, four boxes of insects, and thirty five varieties of eggs. A large sum-fifty güi- ncas-is said to have been offered on behalf of the British Museum for a single pair of ducks, but it was refused. Perhaps the gratui- tous receiver of the ducks in question \vill make them over for nothing, as, under tho circumstances, the exhibitor feels himself pre- cluded from offering a gift to any institution, and has no wish to receive money." A little girl, deaf and dumb, nearly ten years of age, but appearing much younger (who was admitted by the committee a few days ago), strayed away from the Deaf and Dumb Institution, Windsor, last Friday after- noon, and has not been recovered since. She had on when she left a striped green and black frock, bib-apron, black straw hat with pink ribbon, and was carrying a little doll. Whoever has found her is requested to bring her to the institution without delay, or com- municate with the police. ' Mr. Macdonald, the photographer, who oc- cupies the vestibule of St. George's Hall, in Bourke-street, has just produced some photo, graphs of a kind exceedingly interesting to freemasons. They are of a comparatively large size, and represent a picture of Georgo Washington, not only in full masonic regalia, but surrounded by those insignia and sym- bolic sketches in which the Beeret truths of freemasonry have so long been preserved. The work is artistloally done, and reflects credit on the photographer, who has taken pains to produce other pictures of a lighter tint, specially intended for the colouring of an artist. '. It Boems that there are receivers in Western Australia for property stolen in this and perhaps in tho neighbouring colonies. Wo find the following in the Perth Inquirer of the 26th ult. :-" Information having boen re- ceived from Melbourne that certain articles stolen in that town had been forwarded to this colony, search was mado by the police, and property, consisting principally of gold and silver watches, corresponding with the descriptions contained in the list forwarded from Victoria, were found on tho premises of a man named Marshall, in Fremantle. Mar- shall has been brought before the magistrates« and remanded." The prize drawing in connexion with tho art union established in »id of the funds o the Honst» of Mercy, Nicholson-street, took placo on Saturday, at St. Francis's school- room. The prizes, fifty in number, consisted of useful and ornamental articles, some of which were the handiwork of the Sisters of Mercy, while others bad been contributed by members of the Catholic body. The drawing was superintended by Mr. W. Bigg, and was conducted in the following manner :-800 cartridge pellets, numbered consecutively to correspond with the subscribers' tickets, were placed in a large cannister. Fifty cards, each bearing tho number affixed to a prize, were deposited in a bag, and as a little girl drew a i pellet from-the cannister, a boy pulled a card from the bag, and tho prize represented by 'the card became the .property of the subscriber whose receipt had tho same nnmbor as that on the pellet. The drawing, so far as the three moBt valuable prizes were concerned, resulted as under : Cabinet of plate, value twenty gnineas« Mr." P. Hanna ; handsome album, Mr. Grimblc of Daylesford; Etiuscan vase, Messrs. Thomson Brothers. The subscription wa? only half-a-crown, and among the subtctibers were people resident in all parts of "Victoria, as well as in the neighbouring colonies. The House of Mercy will benefit by the art union to tho extent of about £100. There wore 278 prisoners confined in the Melbourne gaols on Saturday last, viz. : In the Central Gaol, 209 males and 3 females ; in the We:tern Gaol, 61 females. These per- sons aro classified as follow:-Awaiting trial at the Supreme Court, 21 ; under remand from magistrates, 11 ; b.longing to other stations, 3; road gang, l8; hard labour, 93 ; imprison- ment only, 91; lunatics, 11; in default of bail, 20; deb'or', 6. The bill introduced by Mr, Gladstone to make the gold coins of the Sydney Mint a legal tender throughout the British territories, has been passed by both branches of the Im- perial Legislature, and on the 26th of July awaited the Royal assent. 'We have our files from Adelaide to the 11th, and from Hobart Town to the 10th inst., The Mercury statc3! that the Tasmanian Parlia- ment would be prorogued about Tuesday (to- morrow) or Wednesdoy. A very numeroutly attended and influential meeting had been held at Hobart Town in favour of the con- struction of a main trunk line of railway con- necting Hobart Town and Launceston. Asad accidentoccuired on Saturday after- noon, causing tbo death of two young boys, inmates of the Immigrants' Home. It ap- pears that four of the juvenile occupants of the home put off together in a small boat upon the lagoon jubt abovo Prince's-bridge. By some mismanagement the boat capsized, and two of its crew were drowned, The other t»o, either by swimming or by clinging f.o the boat, escaped the fate that befell their com- panions. One of the bodieB was recovered on Saturday night, the other not until eleven o'clock yesterday morning. They are now both lying at the home, awaiting coroner's in- quest. One of the unfortunate lads waa named O'Toole, we are unable to give the name of the other. &. melancholy case of suicido occurred yes- terday morning. A lady named Mrs. Quinlan, of sixty-four years of age, hviug in Curzon street, Hotham, was found lying In the veran- dah of her house, bleeding from a fiarful gaah in her throat, which, from her position, and from the fact of a bloody razor being found lying by her side, there is no room to doubt was self-inflicted. When found, she was still breathing, and Dr. Crooke was sent for in all haBte, but the unfortunate lady died a few minutes after his arrival. Great con- sternation was produced by the event amongst a highly respectable circle of friends of the deceased. The deceased had been seen a few minutes previously by her son and daughter. It is likely that an inquest will bo held upon the body this afternoon. The ordinary weekly meeting of the City Council will be held this afternoon, at the usual hour. The business to be brought for- ward comprises no particular items likely to give rise to much discussion. A specification of proposed works for the improvement of the City Baths will be submitted by the Health Committee, The names of six candidates are passed by the Market Committee as eligible for the situation of assistant at the abattoirs, vacant by the death by drowning of Mr. Phau; and the council is recommended by the same report to proceed to the election of one of the candidates named. A notice of motion by Alderman Smith proposes " that the council record their appreciation of the valuable services of the town clerk, in so ably assisting in tho passing of the Act to Amend the Acts of the Corporations of Melbourne and Geelong ; and that it be referred to the Legislative Committee to consider and report as to the mode in which tho council should indicate its recognition of such services." An iron paddle Eteamer for the New Zea- land trade, named the City of Dunedin, was launched at Dumbarton, on the Clyde, early in July last. We observe, from the Australian Mail, that the Great Britain steamship has made another fine run homo from Melbourne to Liverpool, tho voyage occupying only 6ixty-one days. She sailed on the 2nd of May, and arrived on the 3rd of July. The .Lincolnshire, which sailed from Melbourne on the 18th of April, also made a remarkably smart passage, having arrived off Plymouth in seventy- one days from Melbourne. The Great Victoria, steam- ship, for Messrs. James Baines and Co., and in- tended for the Melbourne trade, was launched at Bristol on the 10th July. Sho is described as being 279ft. in length on the water-line, and 310ft. over all; 39Jft. broad, 33ft. in depth of hold, and 2,800 tons register. Tho Australian Hail, of the 17th July, states that a great desiro ha3 sprung up on the part of the Lancashire people to emigrate to the Australian colonies, and expresses a hope that the scheme proposed by the Immigration Bill, then before Parliament, would be carried out. The New Zealanders in England have been received with unusual marks of attention. The party-thirteen in number-were pre- sented on the 13th July io the Prince and Princess of Wales at Marlborough House. The Prince conversed in a very friendly style with thom through their interpreter, and His Royal Highness was assured by them of their friend, liuess towards the English people, and their desire to become more intimately acquainted with them. They were evidently gratified with their visit, and with the hearty English- like welcome the Prince gave them. After- wards they took luncheon with the Duke of Newcastle. On the 17th July, accompanied by Mr. Jenkins, tho party visited the depart- ments of the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, by special order from the War Department. What chiefly interested them appeared to be the Royal gun factories. They wore much interested in witnessing the welding and pro paring of slabs of iron for tho manufacturo of new trunnions, and the preparation and cast- ing of tubes. Dean Macartney preached yesterday morn- ing and evening at Christchurch, South Yarra, in aid of tho building fand of that edifice. The church was completed some four years ago, and tho outstanding debt amounts to about £1,600. There is also a dobt of £200 on the parsonage. A select committee of the lower branch of the Tasmanian Parliament has been ap- pointed to consider the subject of a grand trunk line of railway between Hobart Town and Launceston, The number of visitors to the museums of natural history, goology, and economic geology applied to mining, agriculture, and the arts, during the week ending 12th September was 1,093. Tho museums are open to the public daily (Sundays excepted), from ten rum. till five p.m., in the north side of the university. It may bo well to call the attention of tho volunteer force and persons contemplating joining it, to the important modification made in tho conditions which will entitle ¿hem to be enrolled under the new regula- tions as ifftctives. As the regulations ori- ginally stood, none could join as effectives who bad not either during the past year at tended twenty-four drills or gone through the course of musketry instruction. It is now provided that persons passing through re cruit drill prior to the 1st of October shall also be considered effectives. Recruit drill is defined to bo twelve drills of one hour each, the recruit to pass an inspection at the close. 1 bus it will bo seen that a week's work morning and evening drill-will enable a new member to take a batisfactory position at once ; and this advantage ought to be a strong inducement to men to come forward at the present juncture. Eurolled members who have not qualified themselves can complote the required number of drills during the month. It is very desirablo for their own sakes that (hoy should do this, inasmuch as each effective joining a corps secures his com- pany, under the payment system adopted, the turn of £110s. for the current year. At the eleventh hour, it seems a'change has been made in tho composition of the Anglo Australian eleven. Mortlock, one of the members of the first eleven whkh visited the colonies, having been seltcted as twelfth man in place of Willshire. The arrangements for the trip arc progressing satisfactorily. Parr, according to the advices received by the mail, bud engaged passages in tho Great Britain' and as that vocsel was appointed to sail on the 17th of October, Ihe eleven will be due here before Christmas. The Victorian clnbs are to bo invited forthwith to make arrangements for the matches to be played. There was no business done at the Sand- ridge Police Couit on Saturday, and there was not a single caso on the police charge-sheet. The Victoria Turf Subscription-room will bo opened as usual this evening (Monday), when a strong muster of members may b3 ex- pected, and something may be heard of the causes fjom which eo many unfavourable rumours havo proceeded relativo to the mis- chances said to have happened to two (or three) prominent favourites amongst the horses entered for the Ballarat Cbumplon Race. On Monday evening, also, the Victoria Jockey Club stewatds will receive entries at tho Altiion (as usual) for the Spring Handicap Steeplechase and Hurdle Race, to be run in tbe middle of next month. A large number of serious charges wore dis- posed of. on Saturday at the City Police Court. Seveial of these referred to attempts atpocket-pickiog, which.it appeared, was very prevalent amongst the crowds collected to witness the public ceremonies of the previous day. Two offenders, named Hughes and Warren, who had both been previously con- victed on similar charges, were arrested by Detective Evans in the act of easing a person of a pocketbook while waiting in the crowd at the Parliamentary Reserve in the afternoon to see the arrival of the Governor. Is appeared that while Dcteotive Evans was watching the movements of the prisoners, a large crowd was watching his; and when he at last pounced upon them, -with the stolen article in their possession, his capture was rewarded by a loud cheer from his observers. They tyere sent to gaol for twelve months each, with hard labour. Edward Turnor waa ar- rested by tho same detective, in the crowd, at the front of the Treasury. He bad n coat upon his arm, made, as Detective Evans showed the1 Court, with "patent pockets," which allowed the wearer, while having his bands apparently in his pockets, to be, in fact, using them in close concealment through an apertura in the bottom. This person was remanded, that inquiries might be made re- specting his antecedents. Two men, named 'John Sullivan and James Hadden, arrested by Detective Black with a quantity of sad- dlery in their possession, stated to be the pro- ceeds of a robbery at the shop of Mr. Gart shore, saddler, wereremandedtillFriday next A number of other charges of larceny, &c;, were disposed of summarily or by re- mands. ' It will be remembered that about two months ago three or four grocers, who are also wine and spirits merchants, were convicted by tho Richmond Bench of Muglstir.tes of selling spirits in less quantities than two gallons at a time. Two of the defendants, Michael Noon and Geoige Bryant, appealed to the last Court of General Sessions, but the convictions were confirmed. On Saturday, the parties were summoned at the Richmond Police Court, at the Ínstanos of the chief in spector of distilleries, to show cause why distress warrants should nat be issued against them to compel payment of the fines and costs, which amounted to upwards of £36 in each case. The defendants bad no cause to show, and paid the money. A third tradesman, Henry Smith, who did not appeal against his conviction, was also summoned to show cause why he should not be compelled to pay the penalty imposed upon him-£30 and £2 2s. ooBts, He pleaded for time, but the magistrates could not grant any further delay, and ordered a distress warrant to be ismed against his goods and chattels. The only other case at tbo Richmond Court, on Saturday, was a chatge again-t James Harris, landlord of the Sydenham Hotel, of keeping his house open for the sale of liquor after tan o'clock p.m. He was fined 10¿. A pair-oared contest took place on the Yarra on Saturday afternoon amongst the members of the Ariel dub, for two silver cops, givon by Mr. James Ainslie, the captain, Sixteen mtmbcis entered, thus forming eight crews, who were handicapped according to their respective rowing abilities, in order that each might have a reasonable chance of gain- ing the prizes. Tito racing w the course was from Prince's Bridge to Braa dreth's Forty. The boats' used were Mr. Fuller's outriggers, the Cam and Isis. The winning crews in the first four heats were respectiv»ly Messrs. Derhwn and G. Clarke, Messrs. Brown and Rolls, Mcsste.Nichollsand Tanner, and Messrs. Mitchell and Barkly. In rowing off the ties, MeBsis. Derham and Clarke wcro defeated by Messrs. Brown and Roll'', nud Mo-srs. Mitchell and Barkly wer defeated by Mes-rs. Nicholls and Tanner. The seventh and fin-tl heat, therefore, was between Messrs. Nicholls and Tanner, and Messrs. Brown und Rolls. The former crew rowed in the Iii-«, with Williams as coxswain, and bad the Inner side of the course, and Mcsbrs. Brown and Rolls, with O'Regau as coxswain, rowed in the Cam. The two crows started even, and after a g Dod race, Mesir-i, Nicholls and Tanner won by two or three bouts' lengths. Tho cups were eaoh of the value of £5 6i. "Pewters" wore pre- sentid to the defeated crew in tbo last bent, as a maik of the appreciation of the skill which tlicy had displayed during the afternoon's rrocoeding«. The races, which commenced shortly aft r two o clock, were not over until pitt six. There was a goodly number of spectators. Mr. G. Carrick of- ficiated as starter, Mr. Ainslie as umpire, and Mr. M. H. Irving n- judge. On Saturday, a tele- gram was receive! from the Sydney Inter calonal Match Committee, in reply to the objection taken ti) the New Souik Wales team, on tho ground that three of the four persons selected are professional water- men and not amateurs. Tho names of the proposed crew are-Galbraith, Connor, Donnelly, and Cronan; and the tele gram -states that the Sydney committee consider them all amateur«! within tho de- finition ngreod upon. Tho committee desire to havo fuller information as to the grounds of objection, and a meeting of the Melbourne committee will be held nt Marshall's Hotel, S wanston-street, this afternoon, at five o'clock, to decide what reply shall he given to the communication. We are also requested to State that the adjourned meeting, convened to make arrangements for the forthcoming Melbourne Regatta, will ba held at Marshall's at half-past seven o'clock this evening, and all pcrsoDB interested in aquatic spoits are invited. It is desirable that there should be a good attendance. Tho Australian Mail remarks :-" We are glad to learn that owing to the exertions of the representative of the colony of Queensland in this country, no less than 1.170J cotton oper- atives have reciived free passages to that colony, the outfit being provided by Mr. Jordan from a fund commenced in the colony by contributions amounting to about £1,600. The remaining sum required has been raised by Mr. Jordan in Great Britain." The'business at the Emerald-hill Police Court on Saturday was of no general interest. Mr. Gardiner was the presiding magis- trate. The seventh representation of " Henry the Fourth" brought a crowded houso to the Theatre Royal on Saturday evoning, and Mr. Barry Sullivan's Falstaff will be remembered as ono of bis most successful impersonations -highly meritorious beyond' showing the versatility of tho actor's genlns, because it has made, familiar to the Australian staee a noble play Which had rarely been represented there before. 'The "Ghost" interlude has for the present retired in favour of a capital farce, "The Eton Boy," in which Mr. C. Young revels in irresistible fun. The bill of faro on Saturday evening was moro than ample, for the farce of " Family Jars" was appointed to conclude the evening's entertainments, which could not have been brought to an end until twelve o'clock. There is no change in the bill for this evening. " Bonnie Dundee" and the farce of " The Quiet Family" were repeated at the Haymarket Theatre on Saturday evoning. To-night Mr. R. Stewart takes his benefit, when "Tho Irish Emigrant " and " Tho White Howe of the Peppers " will be produced. Mr. Stewart is deservedly popular as an actor with all classes, and it is to b3 hoped that a good house will reward his efforts to night. It will be seen that Mr. Coppin re-appears at this theatre on Saturday evening next, and during tho next fortnight he will play a round of his favourite characters. On the last evening of his engagement, Sir. Coppin's pictures, books, statuetteB, &c;, will bo disposed of by lot. The tickets for this new art union scheme have been fixed at' 6s. each. The theatre will afterwards be closed for a week, to give an opportunity fof making due preparat'on for the visit of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean. The announcement of a new piece at tho Princess's Theatre drew a good house on Saturday evoning last. Tho novelty was tho "grandromantic drama" of "Eugeno Aram,1' a play founded on Bulwer Lytton's famous novel of the same name. Of course, al in the romance, the interest of this is made to centre upon Eugene himself, whom most of our readers will doubtless remember to have been represented, both by novelist and drama- tic adaptor, as a man of a very high order indeed, full of boundless sympathies, exalted thoughts, and gushing sentimentalities ; who, after fighting his way up in tho world from a somewhat low condition, is juBt about to win the great prizes of a lovely bride and worldly success, when a little murder, of which he had been the chief perpetrator, is suddenly brought to light, and the interesting ruffian comes to an ignominious end. The part is rather a favourite with tragedians of the impressive sort, and tho piece'is occasionally reproduced for the purpose of working up the feelings of an audience to whom the legitimate drama has b.come caviare to the general. There was hardly this excuse for its production last Saturday, and yet the effect was very far from unsuccessful, though it was plain the re- hearsals had been insufficient. Mr. G. Faw- cett as Eugene Aiam was a littlo out of place, but his tact and skill enabled him to fight against a mannerism which is somewhat un suited to such impersonations, and he ac- quitted himself with credit. Miss Rose Edouin, too, as Madeline Lester, managed frequently to gain tho applause hor naturul and earnest acting generally deserves. The comic scones, in which Messrs. W. Edouin and W. B Gill led tho^ laughter of tho audience, wero ex- cellent in their way ; and, upon the whole, tho intereit was sustained throughout. The re- petition of the burlesque of "Lord Bateman" conoluded the evening's performances. 