TASMANIA. " (From, the Tasmanian Journals.J . .FATAL ACCIDENT.-A boat accident .occurred in the river on Wednesday, by which an' old waterman named Miller lost his ilife.' Miller had in the morning taken a man named Sexton, his wife, and another female overthe river; and landed them, and left Kangaroo Point to come home by himself. Shortly after leaving, a boat was seen from the shore to upset in a squall, and soon afterwards Miller's boat, was picked u'p by the Twins steamer, bottom up. His coat was found in the stern part, but' neither; oars,, row? locks, nor sail. -? GOLD-MIKING IS THE WESTERNS COUNTRY. -' Mr. James Whyte, who returned to Hobart Town yesterday by the Tasmania, has "brought with him the machinery intended to be used by Himself and other gentlemen in working the reefs on their land in the western district. The machinery, accompanied by an efficient party i will be forthwith despatched from town, and.we trust speedily to hear a good report from what must now be regarded as our land of promise. Several miners or quarrymen are advertised for,' and a blacksmith. . '.: ? i FATAL OCCURRENCE.-A shocking accident occurred at Longford yesterday, causing the deatli of a little boy named Southall, a nephew of Mr. E. Blount of this town. He mounted a" horse, and the animal suddenly bolted and ran against a cow. The unfortunate boy was un seated, and his foot got entangled in the stirrup and lie was dragged alono some distance before the horse was stopped. When taken up he was quite dead, his skull having been fractured, and his body dreadfully mangled. SERIOUS FIRE NEAR ELPIIINSTONE.-On Sunday; last a rather serious fire broke out on the railway1 nesr-Elphinstone. ? So far as we* could learn, the mischief originated in ,the precautionary, attempt to'burn down the grass near, the line.'4 The1 flames.' however, spread further", than was intended, and; eventually caught a large pilejof sleepers,belong-: ing to Government. . The result" was, that. thci whole of the logs, about, 2,000 in jiumber.iwere! entirely consumed;,:The damage, done is csti'-i mated at from .£500 to £700.: -While passing the' burning nia'ss,:the passengers in the train severely suffered1 from heit.; On Sunday a spark ."from a .train1 ignited the grass1'alongside the raib near' ?Little' Bcndigo'. Fortunately, .'.he,danger' was seen," and quickly1 averted by pu-rsoris)n the yici nity, or there is no doubt the "riiilway ..fencedas welL as otherproperty,'would hnvef bren' cori sumeil.', Oii Friday last "the bu.?h in rear of. Cre morne; Gar.dciis , was set.-in a ,blaze by a fallen rocket-stick. The,latter bad scarcely.reached, the ground wheii'the.herbage.became-?ignited. The fire spread with extraordinary rapidity,-but'Was detected 1 and extinguished1 by- Mr.« Patterson; before the' evil became extensive^-fl/: JL-Mail, 31st December. " . ? -: ; .''' A GIIO.-T STORY.-At " th'c Police Court on Sa urday, Anthony M'Gee, a farnr .laborer, yras charged by Constable Gridhin witli vagrancy; It appeared that on Friday night the prisoner was found in the police inclosure, near the stables. On being asked to give an account of himself, he said he wished to he taken into custody, sis he was followed by a ghost, which would not give him rest. The prisoner spoke more like a lunatic than a person in the possession of his senses. lie stated he had been working at M'Bean's. He was in the habit of taking strychnine in large and small quantities. When he took a large quantity it " made him stiff." It was the ghost of a woman that followed him ; he had uot murdered her; her body was dead, but licr soul was living on the earth. Nothing could be made out of the fellow, so he was remanded till Monday, and on that day discharged.-10/neton Obxeriw. EXTRAORDINARY CASE-A most extraordinary cage has been brought under notice. Many of our readers will remember the account wc gave, about five weeks ago, of the unfortunate man, John Parker, who was found in the bush near Neabridge with his thrort out. lie was taken to the Dunolly District Hospital, and it was fully anticipated that his ultimate recovery was next to an impossibility, both the windpipe ;md gullet being severed; however, with great care he slowly recovered, and, as will be seen by our Du nolly police report, h..s been Bent to the i'arra Bend as a lunatic. But the most wonderful part of the story i3, that a small hole still remains in the windpipe, through which he can distinctly whistle.-jrarglmrouifh Arfrurlisfr. SIJSPECTKD MUJIDKK.-On Christmas D^y a man named John Moore, residing in Veterans' row, reported the death of his wife Mary Ann -Moore. It appears from the statement of the man that they had been - drinking together, went to lie down, and on awaking he found his wife dead by his side. Mr. Superintendent Propsting having investigated the matter, and noticing wounds on the throat of the deceased, appre j bended the husband. A po'-t mortem examina tion lias takeu place, and the medical gentlemen arc of opinion that the deceased has died through injuries which have beeu inflicted upon her. The man is in custodyv-Hobart Town Mercvry. 