I BNflMSH HXT1U0Ï8. "~ï The three largest English pulpit« wa Mr. Penrose'« nulpit, nndor the dome of St. Paul's, Mr. Scott's in the navo of Westminster Abbey, and that in Doncaster »irish church. St. Paul's is the highest, but the Doñeas ter one is a little wider aorosB the top, which ib part of a circle of 24 feetoircumference. They are alike m rejeot ine the stereotyped little book desks of modern pnlpits having the whole of the top of proper height and width to serve for a desk. The Donoaster one is sloped, the others flat. St. Paul's is a large round marble box, sol nnon tall pillars, without a central one, and it is, of course in the Ital-an or classical or Renaissance style ol the cathedral. The Westminster and Doncaster pulpits are both Gothio, but of very different types, the former being Italian Gothio (the style so mnoh lau led by Mr RaiLin) nn(1 wholly devoid of arcuntion, the chief eba raoteristio of northern Gothio work, while the latter ma} be described asu deep open, ciroular arcade, supported on arched eorbols springing from a low round pillar five feet thiok with a raking urcaded staircase balustrade, and ornamented with foliage of the decorated lïnglish Gothic style. The Westminster pulpit is un octagonal box with a marble top and flat stone sides, each of wliioh has a me- dallion carving in the middle, a human figure at the cor- ner under a small canopy. At Doncastor the top is of stone, but thero are marble shafts to eaoh pior of the A Mad Railway Ride -The Guard on duty at the Donington Station, Stafford, on Saturday night last was avonished to see a man on horsebiok trot along the line by the platform. The officer directed him to the highway, and allowed him to depart without giving his name and address. On examination of tho line it was found that the horseman had broken'open the gato and so got on the line, that ho had traversed it when ii goods train passed, that he had been within a foot of going over a bridge thirty feet high, and in one place had bean down a steep embankment, where his horse bud been Btru"gling violently. This advonturoiiB forsaker of the road"for tho rail has baon discovered in the person of a farmer, who will hoar more of his trip. Emigration of Stalwart Irishmen.-For some timn past it has been observod that from this port and also from Cork there bus been a considerable, or rather, in- deed, a largo, emigration of strong active young men, chiefly Irish, for ¡iow York. The extent to whioh this draft has been, and still is cirriod, gives rise to suspicion that these yonng men are in reality recruits for the Federal army. This suspicion is further countenanced by the well-known fact that for a long time paBt agents of the Federal Government have boen at work in Ireland endeavouring surreptitiously to obtain reoruits, for whom, ¡t is well-known, a large bounty ia obtainable imme- diately after tbeir arrival in New York, whence they are at once drafted oil' to join the army. The Federal Go vsrnmont makes so much nome about our alleged assist- ance to the Confederates that it would be as well their own proceedings were watched more closely. We believo the Government is in possession of facts confirmatory of the rumour respecting the movements of Federal agents in Ireland.-Liverpool Albion. Suterstition in 18G2.- One of those mysterious beings who assume "a questionable form," and whoso appeiranoe in this mundane sphere occurs at the " witoh ing hour of night," has paid a visit to a coalpit, not many miles from Newoastlo. Afew days ago, whilst two or three of the miners were busily engaged working the oak, they observed a " blue low" at some distance from their labonrB. Unable to account for the " blue low" in such a locality, the most daring of thom made to the spot ; but, as he approached, it gradually disappeared ns unaccountably as a handkerchief would do under the manipulating powers of Professor Anderson. This was told to his mates, and a report spreading that a ghost hid taken lodging in those dark regions lind tho oll'eot of making the oolliery temporarily " idle.;' This cir- cumstance was enlarged upon, and thoso gifted with nn imaginativo turn of mind assorted, that it had been seen in the pit-heap in the form of a pig, whioh disappeared in the terrible blue "low." The consternation that suoh an intruder produced among the pit lads was great j and even some of the men are not without their fears, and havo signified their intention of leaving thoir employment in conséquence. As it is, no work is going on at present in that part where the intorloper has been seen. A young hero has volunteered to descend the pit, revolver in hand, to give a sharp acaount of the unwolcomeguest. Whether the daring youth will sticoeod in drawing the blood of his antagonist wo leave the oom se of events to determine. Seroeant-Suroron to the Sovereign.-Her Majesty has two sergeant-surgeons, that Nestor of British sur- gery, Mr. Lawrenoe, being the senior. Ono of the duties of the office is to attend the sovereign in all battles. Henry V., when ha invadod Franoe, had only one principal surgeon with bim, one Thomas Morstede, after- wards surgeon to Henry VI. He wrote a "goodley boko on ohirurgory," whioh is now extremely rare. This person was authorised to press as many surgeons as he thought necessary, and it appears from Rymer's "¿'rutera" that, with tho army that won the day at Agincourt, there landed only one surgeon- this same Thomas Morstede, who did, indeed, engage fifteen ir "fethat capacity ; but thoso gentlemen were compelled ' llpícld a little fighting to their praotico of Biirgery, aiu. f|§g|)iroo of them acted as archers. He took into his service IrfPl'80 Nichol** Colnot as field-surgeon for one ye*r. With »ßlväiich a medical stall', what must have been the state of IwMhe wounded after the day of battle ? The pay waB £ 10 ippjwr quarter, and twelve pennies daily for subsistence ¡ B^'biit then both Morstede and Colnot could receive prisoners HRSknd plunder, and, when the latter amounted to more than »&20 in value, a third part of it was given to tho King, ijjjf The Christian on tub Field or Battle.-Upon ¡H» the Great Redoubt, therefore, the regiments kept 111 atwnvs converging ; and in less time than it took tho ÍB Russian artillerymen to sponge and load thoir guns, our m pBople, inclining amiy from the 11 inks, and pressing it to- il wards the contre, filled up ovory Bpuoe.cut clear by ti o li shot; and this so constantly that again,'after a fall of iff runny men, and again, and still ugain, there was always I a Qoek ready for the slaughter, in tho " Oerbyshire," I Captain Eddington was shot in the throat and killed ; ¡f Polhill was torn and slain with grape. The colonel was I wounded, and Champion took the oornmand of tho regi ment. He was a man of great gentleness and piety; and if he was not highly endowed with intelleotual gifts, he was able to express the feolinga of his heart with something of a poetic force. His mind was neons tomod to dwell very much on the world that lies beyond the grave ; and in the midst of this scene of carnage he gained, as it were, a seeming glimpseoftliehnppyBtite; fir whon the younger Eddington fell at his side, Champion pmsed to see what oiled him, and looking upon his young friend's pale face, ho saw it suddenly clothed with a " most sweet expression." It was because death was on him that the blissful look had como. In the mind of Champion the sight had a deep import ; for ho was of tho i fkith that God's providence is Bpecial, and to him the \ beiutiful smile on the features of "the dead" was the \ smile of an immortal man gently carried away from earth \ by the very hand of his Maker. ïet, this piety of his was \ of no unwarliko casto. Nay, he wus of so noble a Bort \ that, though he had not willingly chosen the profes | sion of arms, yet when he prayed, he was acoustomed to |render thanks to his Creator for vouchsafing to maka liiim a bardy soldier ; and being, be said, very strong in '.tho belief that he could die as piously on the battle 'field as in a "downy bed," he pressed on content with his "Derbies" to tho fuceof the Groat Redoubt. And low, while the assailing force was rent from front to ear with grape and canister, poured down from the ^îns ubovo, another and a not less deadly arra was 'brought io bear against it, for'tho enemy marched a body of infantry into the rear of the breastwork, and his helmotod soldiors, kncoling behind the parapet at the intervals botween the embrasures, watched ready with their muskets on the earthwork till they thought our people were near enough, and then fired into the «¡rowd.-Kinglahe's War in the Crimea. Death of Daniel W. Harvey, Ksq.-We rogrot to announce the death of Mr. Daniel Whittle Harvey, the well-known ohief commissioner of the City of London police. The death took place at half-past six o'clook on Tuesday morning, at his residence, Old Jewry. He was taken ill on Friday in last week, but his medical ndviaor then apprehended nothing serious. Fow men were better known to the public of the metropolis than the late Mr. Harvey ; indeed, ho was at one time a h'ghly popular favorite with the liberals throughout the kingdom. Mr. Harvey first entered Parliament, we believe, as member for ColoheBter, for wliioh borough he was returned chiefly by the dissenting interest. In Parliament his reniai kable oratorical powers soon obtained for him a foremost plnoe amongst the speakers of the day, and the services whioh he rendered to overy cause, with whioh the liberal party was identified, were unquestionable. Heafterwardssatforthe borough of Southwark, and as a. metropolitan member bocame yet more vigorous as a ohief of the radical party. HÍ3 subsequent career-the oiioiimstancas attending his acceptance of the offioe of ohief commissioner of tbe city polioe, especially the provision supposed to have ¿eon introduced for the purpose of removing a disagree- able antagonist of tho government from the parlia- mentary arena, precluding the holdor of the office from sitting in parliament-are fresh in the recollection of our roaders. Under him the oity police became one of the most effective municipal guards in Europe His loss will be severely felt in the city, where ho was well known to every one. It is only about a fortnight ago that he went to Witham, in Essex (his native country) for the purpoio of reading at the literary institute tho tragedy of "Cato" He was roceived with muoh enthu- siasm, and the reading was vastly enjoyed by the reni- ant gentry who had assembled Mr. Harvey, we 'ive, was nearly eighty yoais of age. io rao» Evil-A contemporary says-Shall we any moro olass quarrels, whon there is the story 'intor to tell in shame of them ? " Who is your , ^reading?" was a^ked of a little mill hand Oschool at Blackburn. "Yon wenoh with a V in her bat," waB the response, the sponkor ^o diughter of one of the proudest houses \ The odd native roughness and its grace \uaiutly into confiant ; but wo may live \ys which, if they made all ladies x11 Englishwomen sisters. Ft 1« mont ««(onistilns la r*iA tlio rtporl o( m at'*"' live * and flourishing (nsiirfruae flwipsoy, aneh, for instanoo, as is tho Liverpool and London Fire and Life Insurance Company, the magnitude of tho opernt'ons being so out of the ordinary rango of figures in com- mercial transaction». In their annual report, which we see nil the leading commercial papers notice, as showing a well-organised state of things and successful results, the figures reach into millions ! The annual income has reached the enormous sum of £650,000, and tho accumu- lated fund to meet contingencies is nearly a million and a half. Banking transactions almost pale before thin colossal book-keeping ; but it is necessary, perhaps, that such wealth should be shown by companies who wontdwin the confidence of the public, which naturally is careful of Life and Fire investments, and looks to large capital sb the best guarantee that all demands are prepared for, come what may. Mr. Alexander William Kinglake was bom at Taunton in 1809, and is coiisequently in the 55th yoar of his ago. Ho received his education at Taunton, Eton, and Trinity College, Cambridge. After taking his degree he entered as a student of Linoolii's-inn, aud wits oallod lo the bar in 1837. Shortly after leaving tho University Mr. Kinglake went to the East. On his return in 1844 ho determined to commit his notes to print, but no publisher could be prevailed on to undertake the risk. Such men are not distinguished for tho discernment of an unknown author's capabilities. Mr. Kinglake, however, brought out the work at his own risk, and has been called Eothen Kinglake ever since. Beyond this work an article or two in the Quarterli/ Review, and the book just pub- lished, he is not known as an author, but with theBe he has made his name famous all over the world. He accompanied the English Army when it landed on the coast of the Crimea in 1854, was present with Lord Raglan at the Alma and during til» flank march and seizure of Bulaklava, During the first Bombardment of Sebastopol he remained at the British head-quarters. Of his presence in theOrimeaduringthewarnoone who opens his book, which has suggested the propriety of writing all this about him, can for a moment doubt.- Court Journal. Tho midnight meeting movement in the metropolis has yielded satisfactory results. Up to the present time more than 1O00 girls have been rescued. 