SHIP MAILS. Ship Mails will be closed at Hobart Town as under I For Melbourne &e.;, via Launceston, per City of Launceston, this day, at 5 p.m. ' For London, via Suez, and Marseilles, via Melbourne, per HMS. Nott ham, on Wednesday, 23rd instant 4 p.m. For London, via Suez and Southampton, ditto, ditto, ditto. For Mediterranean Ports, via Suez, ditto, ditto, ditto, For India, China, Manila, Batavia, etc, via Point de Galle, ditto, ditto, ditto. For the Cape of Good Hope, via Mauritius, ditto., ditto, ditto. For Mauritius and Reunion in Aden, ditto, ditto, ditto. 4 For S mm River, via Melbourne, ditto, ditto, ditto For Adelaide and Sydney, via Melbourne per first vessel ditto, ditto. For Melbourne, ditto, ditto ditto. ,.''>> T IlAHnmaE, 1 i Postmaster. P.S. IsrponTANT NOTICE-The Boxes for the reception of Letters and Newspapers for England," Foreign Countries, and the Colonies, will be closed, at 4, p.m. precisely. Too-late Letters and News- papers can only be received on payment of the usual fees, up to 30 minutes past 4 p.m. After that hour, Letters for England via Marseilles only can be posted up to 45 minutes past 5 pm,, upon payment of Is.' foot on each Letter. ,! Alfrogibtored letters must be posted before 3 o'clock p.m. on the 23rd instant. ] The French Transit Rate on Letters and News- papers for England to be forwarded via Marseilles, and the British Postage on Letters and Newspapers for British Colonies and Foreign Parts transmitted via the United Kingdom, must be prepaid by means of Tasmanian Postage Stamps. Particular attention is requested to the letter-box at this Office, marked " Via Marseilles" into which all Letters and Newspapers for England to be forwarded "via Marseilles" must be dropped, great care being first taken that they bear Postage Stamps to the full amount of the Tasmanian and French Transit or British Postage Rates, as may be, according to route and weight. The Ensign brig which arrived on Saturday from Newcastle experienced variable winds on the passage, but saw no vessels. Captain Bond reports that the Malcolm, for this port would leave about the 10th. The American whaling ship Desdemona' was berthed at the New Wharf on Saturday, where she will discharge about 25 tuns sperm oil for shipment to London per Percy. .' It will be noticed on reference to another column that the twin steamer Kangaroo will ply on the river on the regatta day, and in consequence of will only make trips to and from Kangaroo Point at the times stated in the advertisement. " The brig Alarm for Newcastle, cleared outwards at Invercargill on the 26th ult., The Malcolm, belonging to Messrs. Gourlay and Armstrong, arrived at Newcastle from Invercargill on the 3rd inst. The s.s. Black Swan was to come off the slip at Williamstown at the close of this week, when the Royal Shepherd would be put on. It is expected that both vessels will be ready for sea about the middle of February.-Etaimncr, Dec. 12. The s.s. City of Launceston arrived at the wharf about 11 o'clock yesterday inuruinsr.nfter a splendid ran across of twenty-four hours. Reports moderate SAW. winds. The City of Launceston when leaving Melbourne on Thursday faced the s.s. City of Hobart some eight miles down Hobson's Bay, and was just overhauling her when she turned back. The City of Hobart was making a trial trip, after undergoing repairs.-íoiií Tub steamship City of Hobart, during her stay in Sydneyites received a most extensive overhaul both to hull and machinery. She has received new boilers and decks, her saloon has been redecorated; and her fore-cabin renewed, affording additional space for the comfort of passengers. Her figure- head, which was carried away some time ago. has been replaced, and altogether the vessel looks as well as when she first entered these waters. Captain Darby reports that she left Sydney Heads at twenty-five minutes to six o'clock in the evening, on the 2nd inst., with strong southerly wind and bead son. At four in the morning, in consequence of some disarrangement to the machinery, stopped the engines, and lay to until eight a.m., when she proceeded under easy steam until ten a.m. ; passed Cape Howe at half-past one man. on the 4th inst. ; passed Wilson's Promontory at half-past nine p.m. same day, and arrived in Hobson's Bay, at nine am., on Saturday, 5th inst. Loan of mu Si'Obtino Lass. On Friday morning the boats belonging to the Sporting Lass, Whaling brig, arrived in Brisbane bringing the crew and Captain Bennett, the master of the vessel. The following account of the loss of his vessel has been furnished to us by Captain Bennett:-The Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master, left that port on the 24th August, on a whaling cruise to the South Pacific whaling ground?. She arrived at the Chesterfield Bank on the 14th day out, and remained there while whales were to he soon. On the 3rd November she left that place for the French Reefs, to the north-west of New Caledonia, and during the passage she had light winds from the west, veering round to the south ' west, south-south- west, south and south-east, and afterwards light and variable winds, principally from, the south-south east. On November 4, at half-past four p.m., she sighted an island, bearing about north-uorth-west.about sixteen miles from the ship. At seven p.m., while in the act of tacking the wind followed the ship round, when the sheets were called aft, and she stood on the vessel heading to the north-east and by north, and the isle bearing north-west about t retro miles distant. At fifty minutes past eleven p.m., the look-out reported that he saw the bottom, and on sounding, seven fathoms of water were found. No reels or breakers were visible. The helm was ordered to be put down and the yards hauled aft, which was done; and the vessel then struck, but so lightly that it was, not felt on board, and indeed it was not until the coral knolls were seen all round the vessel on looking over the side, that it. became known that she was on shore. At this time there was a strong current running to the north and west. Both pumps were rigged, and kept going; but as she was making a great deal of water the port cable was veered out,, and the brig was allowed to di aft on to the eastern prong of the roof, as it was feared that she would sink before the provisions, sc., could be secured. At one a. m." the water was over the blubber room, although the men were continually kept at the pumps and at two n. in., the brig gradually settled down on the port side. The whaleboats were then lowered, and anchored clear of the cue. An hour later a dingy was lowered and got safely alongside the brig which at this time was getting very uneasy. A few tools and other articles were taken into the boats, and as daylight broke, an island was sighted from them as they lay at anchor. They then left the brig and made for the island, and on reaching it, it was found that it was occupied by the crew of the American whaler Hope, of New Bedford, which had been wrecked on the shoal on the 17th of October, Captain Bennett and his? crew landed on this isle, which was called Gifford's Island, on the 5th of November, and camped there until they left for the Australian coast. On the following day, three boats were sent to the wreck to procure some boat planks and other necessaries to fit the boats out for the passage for Sydney, whither it was his intention to proceed. Everything was ready for sea on the 12th of November; but as the weather became unsetllod.they did not leave Gifford's Island till noon. m,, on the 17th of the same month. They then'" made for Bennett's whaling station, which was reached at seven p.m., on the same day. On the 19th, Captain Bennett, with a portion of his crow twenty-one men in all, having left seventeen colored men on the island left the station in three boats. in company with four boats belonging to the Hope containing the whole of her crew, numbering 20 men. These seven boats remained in company till the evening of the 19th when those belonging to the Hope were lost sight of, and were not again seen until after they had arrived in Brisbane. One boat belonging to the Hope is still missing, and as we understand that she could not be considered in a seaworthy condition, some fears are expressed for her safety. She was in charge of the third mate, and had seven men in her. Captain Bennett informs us that there is no water naturally on the island on which he left his seventeen months there is a distilling apparatus thereon, which is capable of condensing 115 gallons of water in fourteen hours Moreton Bay Courier, Nov. 28. Loss of the House at Bampton ShOAL On Thursday morning, about eight o'clock, the master and portion of the crew of the American whaler Hope arrived in Brisbane in their boats, and reported the wreck of their vessel on Bampton Shoal, on the 17th October last. The following particulars have been furnished to us by Captain Gifford, the master of the vessel The American whaling ship Hope, 300 tons register burthen L. S. Gifford, master, belonging to New Bedford, sailed from Sydney, on a two years' cruise, in July last. She was tolerably successful in taking whales up to the 17th October last, on which date she got stranded at Bampton Shoal. The weather at the time was Hue, and the disaster was solely owing to an error of nearly forty miles in the position of the shoal as laid down on Captain Gifford's' chart. From the time of the wreck to the 30th October, the ship's company were engaged in securing provisions, stores, and other articles from the ship by means of the boats. These they conveyed to an island near the scene of the disaster. Subsequently, from the 30th October to the 6th Nov. the crew were employed in repairing the boats to render them fit for the passage to the Australian coast. The party were ready to leave the island, on the 9th November, but during the tea following, days (to the Kith), such heavy weather prevailed that it was deemed imprudent to put to sea. At daylight on the morning of the 15th November, a brig was seen on the reef, about six miles distant from the island, which was occupied by the master and crew of the Hope. The crew were afterwards seen to abandon the brig, and come towards the island in the boats, when it was ascertained that the vessel was the Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master. Captain Bennett as our readers will remember, was cast away some few months ago at the same place, in the schooner Prince of Denmark, from the remains of" which he constructed a small vessel called the Hamlet's Ghost, and in which he made his way to Brisbane. The crew of the Sporting Lass saved nothing from their vessel except what was taken into the boats when leaving her, and she soon afterwards became a total wreck. The two ships' companies remained together on the island for two days after the second wreck, and on the 17th November, the entire crew of the Hope left the shoal in the four boats which belonged to her, and in company with five boats containing the crew of the Sporting Lass; The whole of the nine boats remained together until the evening of the 19th, when Captain Gifford lost sight of the five boats belonging to Captain Bennett, also one of his own, which was in charge of the third mate. The three now remaining continued their course without further accident, and on the morning of the 24th inst, at three o'clock, they made Cape Moreton light. They reached Brisbane about eight o'clock yesterday, morning, all in good health and spirits. It is supposed that the six missing boats have proceeded on to Sydney, it being Captain Bennett's intention to go thither without first putting into Brisbane, and, as far as we can learn, there are no apprehensions to be felt respecting their safety. Respecting the vessel herself, we learn that she has been absent from New Bedford about six years on her present voyage. With her cargo on board, as at present lying on the shoal, she is valued at 70,O30dol. Captain Gifford is a heavy loser, and in all probability has lost the earnings of many years' toil. The vessel was, so far as we can learn, uninsured. The greater part of the crew which landed have already shipped on board of the Rockhampton, Black Ball ship, which is about to proceed to Callao. The remainder will, we believe, with Captain Gifford, leave Brisbane for Sydney to-morrow in the "Urara. We understand that it is the intention of Captain Gifford to sell the wreck on his arrival in Sydney. Moreton Bay Courier. The Grey dp House Since the arrival of this splendid steamship from Hobart Town, she has undergone very extensive alterations and repairs. She was placed in the hands of the A.S.N, Company to receive new boilers, and the necessary repairs having been completed she made a trial trip on Saturday. She steamed down the harbor about 2 30p.m., and went about five miles south of the Heads. There was a large number of gentlemen on board, comprising many of the leading men connected with the mercantile marine of the port. A good luncheon was provided, to which the company did ample justice. The trial was very satisfactory, the engines worked admirably, and a speed of twelve knots was attained. The City of Hobart, on her return, fell in with the paddle steamship Morpeth, coming in from the Hunter, and a good opportunity was given in testing the speed of the two boats, the City of Hobart having the reputation of being one of the fastest steamers in the colony, a well contested race was expected. She followed in the wake of the Morpeth, and when passing Watson's Bay was close under her counter, and appeared likely to pass her, when the Morpeth, putting on full speed gradually drew a head, and proved more than a match for her competitor. Empire Nov. 30. The Alexanbba.-Early yesterday morning this fine addition to our colonial fleet anchored in Hobson's Bay. She left Greenock on the 17th September, arrived at Porto Grande (St. Vincent on the 29th, and remained there one day ; crossed the equator on the 6th of the following mouth; made King George's Sound on the 25th ult., ; left there on the following day for Adelaide, where she arrived on the 2nd inst., and sailed for ; this port on Sunday last; 6th inst. Her passage generally has been made under canvas, the steam-powered being used under contrary winds and calms. The Alexandra is a remarkably handsome vessel, and combines swiftness with, great. carrying capacity on light draught of water. She is the property of, and has been fitted out under the inspection of her commander, Captain George Gilmore gentleman well-known for years in these colonies as commodore of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company's fleet; and one who is perfectly conversant with all the requirements of a first-class vessel for the intercolonial trade, and his experience has not been thrown away in the Alexandra, which is fitted up with every, convenience for the comfort of passengers. The Alexandra is a screw-steamer of 750 tons, builders' measurement, 220 feet long (over all by twenty seven foot beam, with sixteen feet depth of hold. She m propelled by two engines of 150 horse-power (nominal), working up to 350; and, judging from her beautiful lines, will no doubt prove one of the fastest vessels that have over entered these waters, The saloon is a very elegant apartment, in which fifty passengers can be accommodated ; it is replete seat a -reply envisages give comfort the ladies' boudoir is most elegantly fitted.: Proceeding forward, the main deck is bridged over for a large space amidships, affording accommodation for officers' cabins; the galley and space for a number of horses being quite under cover from the weather. The steerage accommodation for passengers, of whom she can carry 120, is most commodious. Taken altogether, she is one of the best finished vessels that have ever visited this port in appearance she much resembles the City of Laun- ceston Argus, Doe. 10. The colonial whaling brig. Amherst, came in yesterday, having been twelve months out from Sydney, during which time she has obtained fifty barrels sperm, and 150 barrels humpback oil. On the 18th September, the ship Draper left Bampton Shoal with 120 barrels oil. November 10th, in latitude 30 degrees S., longitude 158 degrees 30 minutes E., spoke the Midas, Captain Howland, out thirty months, with 370 barrels sperm oil. November 21st, in latitude! 32 degrees S, longitude 157 degrees 50 minutes E, spoke the schooner Ariel, from Sydney, bound to New Caledonia. Empire November 30. Captain Elliot, of the ship Bella Marina, reports that his passage from Puget Sound has been unusually boisterous; from the time of being in int 33deg. 30min. S., and long. 39deg. 13min. W., he lost some of his sails; and again on the 11th November, in lat 32deg. S., long. 16 deg. E, in a cyclone, several more. The rotatory storm commenced at north-west and went north about to south, it then fell calm and remained so for two hours, when a heavy gust sprang up from eastward, and suddenly shifted from that to S S.E. and S, the vessel being thrown on her beam-ends, although under bare poles Argus Dec. 9, 