TIiE AlANXUFCTUIJIC Or GIICsvS. The following explanation of the m,ethod of unnlufhieturing ghosts is taken iromn the .% orth lritish Daily Mail : \VW en .nyone looks into a glass or metnlliu mtirror he sees an ilnago or ghost olf Iiutsell. It his neighbour looks over his soanlder hie, loo, sees the sainto ghost. Wihat gives this hlcuinuss tof ghlost-nmakilng its :lhiet' maystery is . , t phon N concnaling ad.o tfly the i:ton .n' orject wiho or which is to be hilOsiflied, allnd showing only the image or ghost, ntli thliu enapping the othlerwiasy pnlipebl econnexitn itween the true object, aneio te or tinoin mhter, nll its picture or remn'rtsutation. It a innue metallic or silverred gliass mirror only were em lloyel in pirodl:cing the ghost a child would not be snurnled lnt the s ticts'pro ducedl, however completely the oirigimul ubject inight he cotcenlid from viewu ; but it is ethierwisn, and all are sarpris'nd, IIwhent an inge nor ghos.t is called up before tie obs Ir ver without ny atppinarent connection with lirlor action lit all. Now,. without going into the irrntioTns in optical scrince respectitng tihe reflection of light from pinle surfaces, the fortmation 01of ilmages by VIlnU mtirrors, or of ilmultiple images formcd by glass tmirrors, we oany reml, rk thlut etallio mlinrrors have bt one rnflectilg surface, giling only one Iunage of tnt object. With' glaUs mirrors this is differelnt. They give rise to steral ohunges which nlre rendity observed wghetn tlhe image of a candle is Jokedl at obliquely in a conm mono lookitng-gluss. A very tfeble imiage of` the cundlie is seem, and tinn a very distinct one. Behind this thete are several others, wiose intensity or clCUearnessgraIdually dies c sea until it disappears. This phenomenon or apliwarnltce ari.ses from the looking-glass thaving two retflcting surfaces-that of the face of the pIlaty, utin that of the layer oi mletal which covers the hinder surface of the glass. The greater feeblenues of the image reflected froint the glass tihan rttm tie Imetal sart'uee nries tfoutt tihe cirt:ultnl:lntce that tile metal rteflects better than tile glans. Iii com plletely ilntcreepts the light reflected frnttn the original obj. ot, ald throws it back to the eye. Now, int ghost.-iaking, a plate of clear gluss is pilaccd between thu observers and wllhere the ghost is Ililu to applleuri alnd what is seen Ins the ghost' is intlllni In ore than the feeble imalgeo ul n trie oetject, tproduced by rfleec tilt tfrotn the surface of thie plate. But the ghost, iIwhen wi I1 showln, is all intetnsely vivid hllinge, the vtry reverse plt. table; and the queiliol i.,l flow1 is the intensificatli n of nu eliginalll fteble inlilngo effected ? Its L tli-c lted by greaintly re'ducing or extinguishilng t?ll otlhelr lights, and by concentratinlg , il intensll light on thie origitiil object, and thus grently inurelasinlg tihe reflectling potwer of the cleur let plate, ainl by ait the saneo tilme. forming ni d art hIck ground behinid the Ilute, w lich ftirtlilr ni?-i.ts inn tlrowing out the iunilge or glhost to the eye of the spectntor. All thLis is Ilquite a conllnton occurrelnci in the sheo windows along tIhe stret., and tlerlihaps still lettter shon toll a lighted railway curriage at night. ''le ghosts of thie passengers ill the crrilge illre shownl through the carriage windlus upnli thie nlparenit groundl tof the tin dark sky, and tihe carriage lanmp, fronc its bting Ithe most luiniouls oibject, resents thie mnost sitid ghost Ut ail. As ordinarily Itrltprseltnli-d on the stalge, the urrrnigem-llrtnts for the inproduction o4l a ghost are esetntiallty as follows :-Tl'ihe front of the stage is siide to rise five feet or so fromn the floor. Wilthin tills barrier, and standing down out of sight, atill ficilg tie atlgel, the trui olject is Iplaced. A large plate ol'glass is malde to rest on tihe stage, and to, lennlu lightly forward towards tlhe perrson or object thlat is to be ghlosifted. Tihe isange of the obje ct is reledftedt from ihe glass plate to the auldience, ani thiis image is seent by theim to be as far behind tihe plate as the true object is placed in advance of it. Tim electric light, or usually what is called the "litane" or Drumnnimond light," sent through the conldenselr of a lalmp or magic lantern, is at tie aillne tihe Irojected oil the original object. 'lTh glost is seenll to be illuleinated froll below up, aind this comes of placing the lamnp low, and throwing the light on the true object upwards. A white lustrous dress given to a f.emale personating the ghost exalts the effect. The live ghosts shown have the habit of leaning forward so as to catch as mnuch of this illumination as possible. All the room lights are in the meantime reduced, other wise the audience also, as in the case of the passengers in tile railway-carriage, would be cotverted into ghosts. As much light, and no more, is left on the stage as admits of the actors on it being seen. These perfornmers see no ghost; ill their movements are calen lated as to place and time. The ghosts placed on the stage so far as the adaptations of this illusion have yet gone, is fixed; a hand or part of the body nlay be ntoved, but not the whole, beyond a very small distance. If any one wishes to assure himself about the tise of the glass, a pea or pellet of paper flung againsot it will assure hili. "The ghost" will alford abundant litn for the Clhristlmas pantomnimes, and tradition will be ransacked for nil ghost stories to utilise thin curious and aniusing trifle. " anm o'.il nuter," and "Death and Dr. Ilornbook,' are capital thelnces; ntd besides the hosts of tradition slid of literature, the ghost snggestion is likely to be abundantly fertile in all sorts of new dramatic inventions, wherein a prite may be introduced. Ghost-makling will become also a family amusement, we have no doubt and thie simllicity of the apparnins employed for thie productcion otf the mnany illueions of whlich this matter is capable, will set tihe o'nth of hboth sexes to work amusement nurinig tihe approaching winfter nillnths. A parlour table, a large sheet ol glass, a toy intagic Ilntern, and a few yairds of black linen will do for applhratlu, and all thie babies in thie honselhold canl be madce ghosts together or in lturn. (tf course we are qnite *aware that it is thIe conmmonl practic of interested par. ties to surrounl this novelty in optical alht. sloii with nmystery, andt to deny that alvyene knIows uight bout tfie lmalter but thie especi ally initihted. 