THE STEPHENSONS. (from the London Review, November 8) The Biological History of British Engineering would be very imperfect without the lives of the Stephensons, and we must thank Mr Smiles for a third volume containing the story of the famous father and son, George and Robert. The career of George Stephenson, indeed, is already familiar to us through the earlier publication of Mr Smiles, and the greater part of the present volume may be looked upon as a new and enlarged edition of that work; but, in the life of Robert, Mr Smiles enters upon new ground, and he has produced a biographv little inferior in interest to his former narrative. As interesting it can scarcely be called, for the difficulties which George Stephenson had to encounter were, by his carefulness, removed to a great extent from the path of his son, and we are not absorbed in the story of a single handed battle with innumerable obstacles. The career of Robert Stephenson is, moreover, so much nearer to us than that of his father, that it was prob- ably impossible to write its history with that fulness of biographic detail which presented the very man, George, before us, and gave such a charm to the story of his life. Mr. Smiles has, in this work, adopted a somewhat unusual plan of construction. He has embodied the two biographies in one narrative, and there are very obvious reasons for approving such a method. The professional careers cf the father and son were com plementary, but there were still closer ties binding them together. Robert Stephenson was only twelve months old when his mother died, and his father was left a widower. To a poor man, such is George then was, remaining a widower must have caused great inconvenience and expense, yet fifteen years elapsed before he married again, and during all that time the education of his son seems to have been his chief con tern. There is nothing more touching in George Stephenson's life than his tender solicitude for Robert's welfare; nor is any part of Robert's character more conspicuous than the eagerness and con- stancy of his affection for his father. "When Robert was a little boy", said George Stephenson towards the end of his life, " I saw how deficient I was in education, and I made up my mind that he should not labour under the same defect, but that I would put him to a good school, and give him a liberal training. I was, however, a poor man; and how do you think I managed? I betook myself to mending my neighbours' clocks and watches at nights, after my daily labour was done, and thus I procured the means of educating my son ". Robert was born in 1803, and the first education thus procured for him by his father was at a school kept by the parish-clerk. Limited as the instruction was that Rutter, the parish-clerk, could give him, it must have been much in the eyes of George, who did not him- self learn to read until he was eighteen; he had, how- ever, resolved to do greater things for his son, and at Midsummer, 1815, he sent him to a school at New - castle, kept by a Mr. Bruce, where he remained three years. In those days Robert used to ride on donkey - back in the morning and evening to and from school, and "there are many still living who remember the little boy dressed in his suit of homely grey stuff cut out by his father, cantering along to school up on the "cuddy", with his wallet of provisions for the day and his bag of books slung over his shoulder". Robert Stephenson used to rate highly his obligations to Bruce's school, but it is evident that his great instructor was his father. Robert was entered a member of the Newcastle Literary and Philosophical Institute, the annual subscription to which was as much as three guineas, and from its library the boy was wont to take to the cottage home scientific volumes, which the father and son studied together. They were, in fact, fellow students, the elder bringing to their tasks practical knowledge and ability, the younger book-knowledge and mathematical training, and from this time the son is seen associated with his father in all his labours; in after days the son's memory used to kindle as he looked back to this season of almost fraternal inter course, and the father, at the summit of his success, delighted to recall the experiments they made to- gether. The story of their sun-dial is well known, but Mr. Smiles has, in the present edition, given us some additional particulars about it. George sug- gested its construction as a holiday-task to Robert, who was diffident of the adequacy of his knowledge , however, Ferguson's "Astronomy" was obtained, and many a sore head was incurred in making the neccessary corrections for the latitude of Killingworth. * Lives of the Engineers. By Samuel Smiles. Vol III.- George and Robert Stephenson, London: John Marram, 1868 In August, 1816, the deed was accomplished, and we read that, "many years after, George took a partv of seven, when attending the meeting of the British Association at Newcastle , over to Killingworth to see the pit, and he did not fail to direct their attention to the sundial; and Robert, on the last visit which he made to the place, a short time before his death, took a friend into the cottage , and pointed out to him the very desk, still there, at which he had sat while making his calculations of the latitude of Killingworth. Per haps next year, when the British Association will be once more at Newcastle, some pilgrims may be found to revisit this relic. In the more important work of devising the Geordy safety-lamp we find Robert still associated with his father. When the elder brought home the first model from the maker, radient, as his son afterwards said, with joy, Rohert was sent off to Benton, a mile dis- tant, to fetch Nicholas Wood (Nichol), the head viewer, that the lamp might be tested the same night, and the poor lad had a terrible fright from a supposed ghost on the road. In the experiments in the cottage Nichol and Robert were the assistants; the son would take the vibrations from the pendulum, and Nichol would be ready at the stop-cock of the gasometer till the order came from George, " Wise on (turn on) the hydrogen, Nichol!" Once the unhappv Nichol wised on the cock the wrong way, and an explosion ensued, blowing all their implements to pieces, imple- ments which the philosophers were then not very well able to replace. In 1818, Robert left the school at Newcastle, and was apprenticed to the friendly Nichol, to learn the business of the colliery, and he spent nearly three years as apprentice not without some moving acci dents. On one occasion Nichol, Robert, and the under-viewer, Moodie were nearly killed by Woods imprudence in taking a lighted candle to a spot where fire-damp had accumulated. The whole party were blown down and their lights extinguished by the explosion, and the first impulse of all who heard the report was to run to the shaft. Moodie and Robert had got half way, when Moodie halted and bethought him of Nicholas Wood. " Stop, laddie! we maun go back and seek the maister".' Back they went, und found Nichol an a heap of stones stunned and bruised, with his hands severely burnt, but otherwise uninjured , and it is to be hoped he was never again so unprudent. All this time the father and son continued their evening studies, and projected, discussed, and attempted all sorts of mechanical im- provements, principally, however,in the construction of the steam-engine; both were eager in the pursuit of mechanical perfection, and with hint and criticism, each helped on the other. It is no wonder that George resolved to give his son the best possible education that he could afford, and in the winter session of 1820 we find him sending Robert to attend the classes of the Uiniversity of Edin- burgh. His son's sedulitv worthily repaid the father 's care; his attendance it lecture was unflagging, and he took notes by day which he transcribed at night, that he might discuss them with his father on his re- turn to Killingworth. "Long years after, when con versing with Thomas Harrison, C.E., at his house in Gloucester- square, Mr. Stephenson rose from his seat, and took down a volume from the shelves. Mr Harrison observed that the book was in MS., neatly written out. "What have we here?" he asked. The answer was,-" When I went to college, I knew the difficulty my father had in collecting funds to send me there. Before going I studied short-hand , while at Edinburgh I took down verbatim every lecture, and in the evening, before I went to bed, I transcribed these lectures word for word. You see the result in that range of books" . Though young Stephenson was only six months in Edinburgh, he managed, in addi- tion to the regular lectures, to fall in love with a cer tain "bonnie Jean", which, however, went little farther than to furnish a tender experience to his memory. At the close of the session, he formed one of a select band of pupils who accompanied Professor Jameson on a geological excursion along the line of the Caledonian Canal. To the young man in all the vigour of mental and bodily health, and looking back with just satisfaction on a well-spent session, this ex- cursion was a revelation of a new and glorious life. The professor was an enthusiast in his science, and his pupils possessed the wit and generosity of youth, the scenery was grand and unsullied by the useful but destructive works of man, whilst we may imagine that colouring it all were some thought of the absent Jeanie. Not long before his death Stephenson said, "I have travelled far, and enjoyed much, but that delightful botanical and geological tour I shall never forget; and I am just about to start in the Titania for a trip round the east coast of Scotland, returning south through the Caledonian Canal, to refresh myself with the recollection of that first and brightest tour in my life. " The wisest may err, and it is too possible that Stephenson found on this last visit that he could not renew his youth. Next year George Stephenson was appointed engineer to the Stockton and Darlington Railway, and we find Robert assisting his father in surveying the line; throughout its formation the two were working together, and Robert also helped in the survey of the Liverpool and Manchester line, but in August, 1823, the foundation was laid of the great engine-factory at Newcastle, and for some months Robert devoted himself to its management. His health, hovwever, began to give way through over study and bodily work, and his father, thinking a change might be beneficial, encouraged him to accept an offer to go out to South America as engineeer to a mining com pany. The year 1824 was the great year of specula- tion, which produced as a natural consequence the disastrous commercial crisis of 1825, and amongst other schemes in the market was the Columbian Mining Association; Robert Stephenson was asked to go out to Maraquita as superintendent. Father and son con sulted the well known Dr. Headlam, of Newcastle, who advised that a temporary residence in a warm, climate was likely to be beneficial; and in June, 1824, Robert left England, the engine factory being then in active operation. Stephenson reached Guayra, on the north coast of Venezuela, towards the end of Julv, but it was October before he could set out on his inland journey of twelve hundred miles on mule-back to Bogota, the capital of Co- lumbia. He was delighted with the richness of tropical vegetation, but when his subsequent journey took him from Bogota up the eastern slopes of the Andes, his delight rose into rapture. The gradual change of tem perature and vegetation terminated in the very perfec- tion of climate, and the situation ol his cottage resi dence was a scene of extraordinary beauty. This cot tage, built of split bamboo tied together with the long fibres of some climbing plant was roofed with palm leaves, and was so light and elastic that when the frequent earthquakes shook it the inmates felt as if shaken in a basket, without sustaining any harm. "In front of the cottage lay a woody ravine, extending almost to the base of the Andes, gorgeously clothed in primaeval vegetation-magnolias, palms, bamboos, tree ferns, acacias, cedars, and, towering above all, the great almendrons, with their smooth, silvery stems, bearing aloft noble clusters of pure white blos som. But the glorious sunsets seen from his cottage porch more than all astonished and delighted the young engineer, and he was accustomed to say that after having witnessed them, "he was re luctant to accuse the ancient Peruvians of idolatry." The commercial success of his journey was, however, not so gratifying, the natives were profoundly ignorant, a guide whom he at first em- ployed one day betrayed his qualifications for his post by promising to show him mines of " brass, steel, alcohol, pinchbeck ;" and he had to wait a consider- able time for the arrival of the miners from England, and when they reached him they proved insubordi- nate, and, being Cornishmen, told Stephenson that it was impossible that he, a north countryman, should know anything of mining. Add to these difficulties, that the directors at home were impatient for gains he could not afford them, that his health again gave way, that his father wanted his help, and that friends privately wrote to tell him that the engine-factory was going back in his absence, and we cannot be surprised that he came home in 1827, immediately cn the conclusion of his three years engagement. It seemed as if both father and son could only succeed together. The factory had been carried on at a loss, the accounts were in almost inextricable confusion; Mr. Pease, a principal partner in it, said, "what was done was not done to the credit of the house," and had resolved to retire. The first care of Robert Stephenson, on his return, was to reduce the affairs of the factory to order, and thenceforward its career was one of almost unmixed prosperity. Stephenson's return was not, however, accomplished without difficulty. On his journey to the coast he was prostrated by another attack of fever, and when he arrived at Cartagena he had to wait some time for a ship, which was, after all, wrecked on their voyage to New York. Durng his stay at Cartagena, he encountered two strangers also waiting to get away, one of whom, a shrunken, hollow-looking man, more than six feet high, shabbily dressed and poverty stucken, proved to be Trevithick the builder of the first railroad locomotive. Trevithick had landed at Lima in February, 1817, amidst almost royal honours; but Mr. Smiles, whilst noticing the fact, omits to ex- plain the reason of the change in his circumstances and a careless reader might infer that his poverty was due to his own imprudence . Unfortunately, however, for Don Ricardo, (as Trevithick was called at Lima), the civil war between Spain mid the colony broke out and he became a shuttlecock, tossed to and fro be tween the contending parties.Each looked on him as a patron who could produce a constant supply of the sinews of war and the patriots kept him confined on the mountains whilst the royalists attempted to capture him. After great difficulties, he succeeded in escaping, and joined Lord Dundonald; afterwards he got northward, and, crossing the Isthmus of Panama, met, as we have said, Robert Stephenson at Carta gena. From this place Trevithick and Stephenson sailed together to New York ,and were shipwrecked on the voyage. The weather, however was tolerably calm, and after a miserable night, they were taken off the wreck, and landed on shore. Stephenson maun aged to save a collection of minerals he had formed and with these spoils of his journey he took sail for Liverpool, and arrived at Newcastle at the end of November. THIS LAW or BLOCXADP -Thenew aes ion of the Juridical Society was begun on Monday evening by a meeting at ihe Society s Rooms, in t>t Marun'* place, J rafalgat square , Lord Stanley, M P .occupied the cha<r Mr Westlake lead a paper on "The Prrposed Alterations in the Law of Blockade Ihe otilj escape he saw from the perplexities of the pre- sen BJ deni was to regatd commercul blockade aa lawful only when the neutial petfoimed nu unneutral | act, and thua put himself m the place of an enemy, I and it should only apply to besieged places and to eontnband of war, and not t > r guíate comme ce, as had formerlv been the case In the <. use ol a du,. Mission which ensued Laid Stiuilej said it WAS finally | pomblo to deni with a queui n ot that importance ai d magnitude in a manner that vvu n t very frag n entai A penon leading a public life could tut plidge himself to un opinion on this group of ques 1 not s without great consideration Ho did mt think they had sufficient knowledge of the v «nous qu'stioiw mv. Ived nor was the public mud sufficiently formed to deal with them If he made any remarks he wished it to be understood that it was only for the purpose of suggesting questions that he should like to have solvedbj ofluis Tbej could not separat» the que-stiou i of blockade from maritime power In the attempt to I conclude a war with as little bloodshed us possible it | was a question whether the mtcrests ot neutrals I should be consulted When neil rals were affected by a war in which they had no inteiPBt it wai a hard case , but it was one of these hard case«, only on a brgfi scale, of the individuals in whosa holds the warlike ocerationa weie carried on To mvko war fcldom, to make it unco tlj and as little bloody as postible, any limitations to the powei of preventing commerce as those pioposed would have the effect ot strengthening the weak.r party agamst the stronger lluy would tend to equali/athe torces of the com bat nts, and bj tint means tand to piotract tha war In the present day nothing had auch a tendency to put a slop to war as the intciferenee of neutral Powers The nations were day by dav acting more upon one another-influencing one another AU wars were now (ought by general concurrence of opinion of the surrounduig Poweis, and it was essen- tial that they thould be brought to an end When two nations-under Buch encumstances as they now eaw m America-were at wai, one was entirely de bai red from ti ade, and evei y neutral Power felt it The result was that every Powei not engaged m the wni had a direct interest in putting a eUp to it The quest on was, if they let two nat ons go on at war ume-tricted m then commnce, whethfi neutral na- tions would have so direct an interest in bringing the war to a conclusion 'lhey would aav, "You may go cn fighting as long as you like, for you do not miure us, and the íesult would be that th* combating Powers would be weakening and exhaustmgonc anothei, and losing their influence in the scale of nation» It was, therefore, certain that it was the inteicst of all nations which fetl the effects of the wai There was anothti a«pect to look at ia which it had not been noticed, probably because it wa» not thought of sufficient unportance It was that the wars w ere now not earned on by the whole male popu- lation of a nation, but only by a class of the popular non therefore there waa not so much suffering as theie used to be Theie was a great pleasure upou the people for the expenses of a war , but, as the wats of the present time were cjined on mostly by loins, the people did not feel it so much , and it there wat not some préseme on them ia another way, there would be no desire on then parts to terminate hoatili Ues. If no ttaduig interests euffeied by the contin- uance of the war, it might be a question whether that peace party, which aooner or later springs up m a country, would spring up as aoon or have aa much powei as they have had when they did nae There were three queations they would have to consider in advocmog the pro- posed altetation-first, whether they were not equal- ising the powers of the combatants, and enabling them to connue the contest, secondly, whether they weic not taking aw ay the inducements to neutral» to bring about a peace, and, thudlj, would they not diminish the interest of toe people ot the belligerent coun'ricB in asking for a cessation ot hostilities f It was one of those questions wheie the advantigca and disadvantages were ao nearly balanced as to provent them rushing to a conclueion on a question which might affect the country so scnouslj There was one thing also to be borne in mind, that, whatever laws they might make, there was no power to onlorce them For instance, if France, England, and Russia were engaged m a death struggle, and each believed that then only chance of exiatence was to do that which thev thought best foi themselves, what power was there to prevent them » It was thercforo for them to connder whether it would be well tor them to make rules which at the moat impoitantciism there was no povrerto tomticl the ooservance of The discussion was then adiourned -Times, November 12. A MARINE STOLFN DV THE GUIXESE-SINOUIAR ADVENTURES-A couit mai Hal assembled on board the flag ship Victoiy, at Poitsmouth, on Saturday, to ttj Junes Kent, a private soldier of the Royal M nines, for having deseited from her Majesty's gun beat Janus, while off Shanghao, Februaiy 28, 1861. It appealed, from the evidence of vanous witnesses, that on or about the 20th of Febiuary the com- mander of the Janus gi anted orisoner leave to go oa sbore lie never returned The Jason leiiiamed off Shangtiae foi two montlis, giving absentees an ample oppoitunity of returning The prisoners re capture was veiv eingulai When the allies captured the city oi ling poo pt isolier was about to be thrown over the enj walls bj the Chinese and ahot by the Fierch, when he made the latter understand that he was an Englishman In his defence, prisoner stated that he w aa on shoic on forty eight hours' le ive, and beeime intoxicated On legaioiiig his senses he found hinisell on bo ird a CluueBe rebel junk, under hatches and about thiity milos up the rivei 1 he Chínese wrmtei lum to fight for them, but ho refused, and they threatened to kill him He was taken before a mandarin, who ordered a band to be placed aiound him, next his skin, and tint he be chained to a w all, in which po«ition he remained foi fifteen month», except when he was inarched i ound the tow n He was used moat cruellj because he would not fight foi the rebels Three attempts to esc ipe proved unsuccessful "VV hen the ailie»! troops attacked the city a bi caen was made in the wall«, and when m great peril he made himself known to some European sol dieis He was taken on board an English ship and biought home He a'ked the court to consider the features of his case, assuring them that he never in- tended to desert, but used every endeavour to return to his ship The couit found the charge of desertiou not pioven, but weie of opinion that pnsoner had been absent without leave, for which oflence he was tcntenccd to six weckB' imprisonment, with hard labour, m Winchestei Gaol, and to forfeit two days' pay- The Staiidatd,November 24 THE MEMORY OP TUF PRINCE COVSOIIT - It is a significent proof of the interest which her Majesty takes m all that belongs to the memoiyof her late husband, that she never ceases to watch over and superintend the memonal to his honour now being made by Mr Durham That gentleman has been admitted to inteiviews with her Majesty more than once since her ictuni to Windsor Castle On one occasion he asked foi and obtamed her gracious per- mission to have a cast of the statue tiken for trans missir n to the Island ol Guernsey, the inhabitants ot that loyal island having selected that as the best form, of memonal within then means The expense» of the ca*t wall be about £000, and £200 more wall be re- quired for a handsome pedestal of Guernsey grämte lhese sums have been, we understand, alreadypro vided by the loyal kbeiality of the inhabi ants -Daily \ act . THE EASTERN FISHERIEB -The laige deliveries of henmgsat Great Yarmouth reported in The Ttmei*. week anice bave now fallen off in consequence ot a change in the weather On one day lastweelt lUttf lasts, or the immewe quantity of 13,200.000 fish, weie landed The herrings received «how an improve- ment m quality, and prices have m consequence im- proved good i argoes having realised £11, ¿12, or »is per hut At Lowestoft the leceints have averaged from 00 to 300 lists pel day , and although price« have fallen, remunerative returns have stdl been on tamed On the whole there is every reason to wp ¡pcse that the season will prove « luorative one. ' Times, Novtaiber 26. 