TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1863. The steam coasting and intercolonial fleet of the colony is at present receiving an extraordinary increase of its numbers and value. Three or four years ago, the trade was in the hands of two or three companies, only one of which, however, owned anything like a fleet of vessels. The Australian Steam Navigation Com- pany, notwithstanding serious losses, still maintain their pre-eminence, and the large additions they have made to their fleet from time to time have enabled them to monopolise the Melbourne and Sydney trade, as well as to take up the contract for the South Australian monthly English mail service, and extend their line of com- munication far northwards along the Queensland coast. The sudden develop- ment of the resources of the Middle Island of New Zealand, consequent upon the discovery of gold in Otago, proved so powerful a stimulus to the shipping trade of Melbourne, that since that date our communications with Otago have been altogether revolutionised, and fleets of steamers have been created for a traffic which four or five years ago was main- tained by an occasional brig or schooner. When the first rush took place, the largest and finest clippers in the port were em- ployed in the passenger trade. In the following year, the same scenes were re- peated, and so extensive was the exodus from the various Australian colonies to Otago, that the native resources of the province were altogether inade- quate to provide the means of subsis- tence required by the miners, as well as the necessaries of their trade. So many vessels became, engaged in this newtrade that coasters of any pretensions to character in the eyes of marine in- surers, commanded their own price in the market. The first steamship owning firm which took part in the Otago trade had the sagacity to foresee at an early date the necessity which would arise for powerful steam-vessels on this line, and to provide for it. The result of their enterprize is the fine steam fleet possessed by Messrs. McMECKAN, BLACKWOOD, and CO. Va- rious rivals subsequently entered the field, and as the story reached England, in the advices of correspondents, of the large profits made in this trade, steam- ship after steamship was sent out, until it is doubtful whether the field presented in colonial waters is not too small for the successful employment of the whole of them. For months past it has been the frequent duty of our shipping reporter to chronicle the arrival of yet another—North Sea traders, Mediterranean clippers, and blockade runners, as well as spick and span new fabrics of iron and wood. Trial trips, and minute comparisons of speed between the lightships, have been all the rage among owners, charterers, agents, brokers, and men having to do with ships, or with those who go down to the sea in them. Within the last two months some half-dozen steamships, all of considerable size and power, have thus been added to the Melbourne fleet, and it is known that some sixteen or more are on the voyage out. What are we to do with all these ad- ditions to our intercolonial traders ? It is clear that they cannot all be employed in the lines of traffic already existing. The Otago trade is overdone. The passenger trade this spring has been of little importance. Those who specu- lated upon a revival of the emigration of miners have been thrown out of their calculations grievously. Ships have lin- gered on the berth for weeks and months together, always going to sail, but never sailing, or at last getting to sea weeks after their advertised time. The steam- ships engaged in the trade have more than sufficed for the restricted pas- senger traffic ; and now the competition of the new steamers with the established lines is forcing down freights. Of course, what the owners lose in this direction the public will gain, but there is a limit beyond which this paring cannot be carried without injury to the public as well as to those more directly concerned. It is possible that the western ports may share the at- tentions of some of the new claimants for patronage. Already com- petition has procured for them unusual services ; but there are still numbers of crazy craft engaged in carrying farm pro- duce to the Yarra from ports between Melbourne and MacDonnell Bay, which none excepting the owners will be sorry to see reduced literally to the business of sheer hulks. Hobart Town and Laun- ceston may also receive more attention, especially in connexion with the Mel- bourne and Dunedin trade. New lines of traffic, however, must be sought out, and it is possible the employment of some of the steam vessels already in Hobson's Bay, or about to arrive, may thus be of great service in assisting to develope the resources of the colonies, though the profit derived by the owners of the vessels so engaged may for a time be considerably smaller than was originally anticipated. The Riverton trade, for example, might be commanded by steam vessels of shallow draught of water, adapted for the naviga- tion of the stream on which the capital of Southland stands. It is abandoned at present, so far as the transmission of goods is concerned, by the larger steam vessels, which do no more than call at the Bluff to land or embark passengers and mails, Before long, steam vessels of light draught will be icquired for the trade of the lake dis- trict of the Middle Island, hy way of Martin's Uiver. At present, the Auck- land trade is left entirely to Sydney and locally owned vessels. Tiadors occa- sionally leave the Yarra for the capital of the Northern Island, how- ever, and it is not impossible that a trade with Nelson, Wellington, and Auckland might be created, if one or more of the coming fleet were employed in that direction. Nearer home, there aie still opporhuiities for the creation of » steam ti ade. The north-west coast of Tasmania, for. example, is absolutely ignored at piesent, although behind Cir- cular Head theie lies a fertile agricul- tural country, and numerous coasters load produce in the bays of the north- western coast of Tasmania. Gipps Land calls for competition in the growing trafile by sea between Port Albeit and Mel- bourne ; and the cattle traffic between Gipps Land and Otago, now growing te considerable importance, may engage a number of vessels, specially adapted for such a traffic, out of the fleet tilt pioneers of which are already in oui waters. A wider field still is presented in the Newcastle coal trade, in which so far as Melbourne is concerned-onlj sailing-vessels are at present engaged One great drawback to the employment oi steam-vessels in this serviceis aNewcastlc poit regulation, which provides that evorj vessel shall load in turn. Stoamships with, their larger crews and heavier ex penses, cannot afford to obey this rule though sailing-ships may. In the Welsl coaUports, steamships take precedence though sailing ships load in regular rota tion, according to their arrival in port The same rule should be followed in thi coal-¡pcrts of New South Wales. It: adoption would probably lead to the in stant employment of steam-colliers, anc the reduction of one of the largest item of expense hi steam-navigation, and ii all businesses where steam is required. These seem to be the principal outlet at ' present presented for tho surplu steam power which the port possesses or" ia about to be offered ; though it i probable tho keener scent of those wir must find employment for vessels ii which their own capital, or that of thei friends, is engaged, will bo able to detec other lines of remunerative traffic. Th competition which wo may antici ^pate, though it may be aisappoinl ling to thosof'already 'iii~the trado, and still more so to those who ex- pected to find ^profits coming " like ' huggets "to their hands, cannot bo un sprviceable to tho public. Facilities for , leaching markets aie a-firsti necessity to settlers-as they are .to prodiicors,iu old » as well as in new countries-and every new line of steam communication opened up must enhanco the value of property, encourage indu_tiy,-circulate money, and assist in developing the resouices of the colonies. _ , It Is probablo that the mail stoamship Bombay would reach the Heads laBt night, l tho gale httvl-g boon from a favouring ¡ quarter ; but as probably no pilot would bo , obtained-the pilot cutter having been fore 3d into the bay for eheltor-tho Bombay would most likely stand off the land again till day- light. The Great Britain and tho bincoln sbitc may also bo off the coast; in tho samo predicament. Tho Bombay, in all probability, will reach Hobson. Bay at an ortrly hour in tho forenoon. Tho Supreme Court sat in it. appellate jurisdiction in equity, and in its matrimonial 'jurisdiction, yesterday. There waa but'one 'matter to dispose of iu the equity jurisdic 'tion, that of In the will of George Campbell, which Was an appeal from a decision of Mr. 'Justice ^Molesworth, refusing probité, on the 'ground that the will was not Bigaed ot tho foot thereof within tho meaning of the re- quirements of tho Wills Act.' Only Chief JuBtice Stawell and Mr. Justice Williams wero on the Bench, Their Honour, reserved judgement. Tho same judges ato sat in tho divorce and matrimonial j urlsdiction. There was one case set down for a motion, and one for a trial before a special jury, Tho former was that of Molesworth v. Moles- worth, in which a motion was to b. made' on notice to amend the bill of the peti- tioner from a bill for dissolution of marriage to a bill for judicial separation. Tho latter was that of Jamieson ' tv. Jamieson. Their Honours, as soon as tho list in this jurisdic- tion was entered ou, stated that they would not enter on either of the two only cases set down, until three judges should be at liberty to take the bench. This is an event that may bo expected immediately on the close of tho two criminal sittings-ordinary and extraor- dinary-now prcceediug. It is expected that the trial of Hancock and Sawell, the Provident Institute director., will tciminate to-day. The caso for the pro- secution closed yesterday. Witnesses are to bo called for the defence. A match was ployed on Saturday last, be- tween the PreBB and the Eastern-hill Cricket Clubs, on the ground of the former, which re- sulted in a draw, tho Eastern- hill mon scoring 93 tunp, and tho Press 22 runs, with four wickets down. Tho principal acoréis for the E.H. 0.0. wero-Stopheneon, 25; W. Birk myre, 17 ; Griffiths, 13 ; and S. Green, 10. Tho Model School met the Eastern-bill second cloven, on tho ground of the latter, the 15\. H 0. 0. winning by 30 runs. The score of tho Eastern Hill mon was C9 runs, and that of tie school 39. To day is the annunl "speech" and exami- nation day of the pupils of the Scotch Col- lege. The examination of the olas os begins at eleven o'clock, in the class-roomB ; and the " speeches" will ha delivered and tho prizes atv arded (by His Excellency the Governor), in the Exhibition-building, at sevoti o'clock in the evening. It seems that an accident occurred on tho Sandhurst line on Saturday last, Tho fol- lowing account of the occurrence appears in tho Bendigo A dvertiscr of yesterday :-" An ac- cident of a very serious character happened to the fifty minutes past ten goods train from Mel- bourne, on the railway line near Malmsbury, on Saturday afternoon, which, lied it occurred to the passenger train, passing tho samo spot not long afterwards, must have been attended with fearful consequences. Messrs. Cornish and Bruce having completed their contract for tho construction of the Melbourne and Sandhurst line of railway, have been for some time past engaged in the removal of the plant from different parts of the line to Melbourne. About two miles from Malmsbury, on the east or Kyneton sido of the line, is situate a bluestone quarry, connected with tho up or east line of rails, by a siding which joins tbcm in the direction of Malmsbury. In con- tinuation of tho first, a second siding at the same spot and in the .ame direction, con- nects the up line with the down line. On Saturday afternoon, a special train of six qr seven trucks, laden with one of Chambers, stone-breaking machines and a variety of other plant, was leaving tho quarry at slow speed, about the time that the ttn minutes to eleven goods train from Mel- bourne was due. It passed the up rails in safety, and was crossing the second siding on the down rails (western sido of the Uno), when tho goods train arriving at the same moment, ran into the middlo patt of the ballast train. The shock was terrific. The goods train wa9 a heavy one, consisting of fourteen or fifteen trucks, laden with merchandise for Castle- maine and Sandhurst. It had passed one of the level breaks in the line, and wa3 descend- ing a gradient of ono in sixty, when tho ballast engine and train emerged from tho quarry. It was, Under tho circumstances, im- possible to stop tho goods train without con- siderable , notice. Any obstruction ot the point was altogether unlooked for, and the usual danger signal, a third or a half a mile back on the lino either way, doe3 not appear to havo been given. The ballast trucks being low, and framed(witk extraordinary Blrongth, tho goods enßino dashed on to the top of them, the machinery beneath the engine being cut all to pieces, and the engine itsoli thrown by the siding impact oa to the western bank of tho cutting, whero it lay pattly across the rail, and partly in the bank, wheels upwardB, the tender lying in the rear, not so badly injured, but the goods trucks and their contents very BoriouBly. The bal- last engine, belonging to Messrs. Cornish and Bruce, being in advaîco of the ballast train, and proceeding in the same direction, was not bo much injured, but a number of tho truoks wero entirely destroyed. Fortunately, ne lives were lost. Tho engineer in charge of the ballast train, aud tho stoker, escaped alto- gether unhuit. The engineer of tho goodi train, Joseph Harrison, escaped with a few trifling scratches on the shoulder. Th< stoker was not at all injured. Had tho trair been a passenger ono, the results must have been, in many instances, of a fatal character As it is, the injury done to engine, goods, anc plant, is .aid on good authority to amount te Bomb thousands of pounds. As soon as pos Bible1 after the accident was mado known a the neighbouring stations, efforts wero madi to clear the up- lino of rails, and tho quarter past twelve train from Sandhurst to Mel bourne arriving some time afterwards, passet Bafely. The quarter-past twelve down trail from Melbourne to Sandhurst was contpellei to shunt on to the up line of rails-a procès which accounts for the delay in the arrival a Sandhurst of the afternoon and erenin; trains of Saturday." At the Prahran Police Court yestordaj William George Watmoio, a cardriver, wa charged by his wifo with leaving his tw< children without adequate means of support The,wife Btated that in June last, ho turnei her out, and »ho had since taken a sltuatioc where .lie could hove tbo children with her For three months defendant had not coW bulcd'nnything'towards the support of his children. She, only wanted him to allow hor 10a. a week for their maintenance. In cross, examination, she saidshowas living os house- keeper to another car driver, who paid ht!r IO., a week, and allowed her board and lodg ing. Defendant said ho was only earning 25s. a week, and that complainant had left him' taking tho children with hor. Ho was willing to take and keep ono of tho children, hut ho did not believe the other ono belonged to him The Bench ordered him to pay 10,. a WM]j' and £1 Ga. costs. There were some other casos heard, as of cows, gonlB, and horses wandering about the streets, and destroying gardens their owners were fined in each case. At tho Sandridge Police Court yeiterday three foieign seamen, named respectively Á AI." Schonberg, Edward Jacobson, and Jacob nanson, were charged with having deserted from the Dutch shijí Ilolndrich on the night of tho Gth inst. But in consequence of tho stormy weather which prevailed, the captain was unable to leave the ship for the purpose of prosecuting, and the prisoners were there- fore remanded until Thursday. Joseph Mar- shall, alias Samuel Sims, alias Joseph Newman was brought up on remand charged with having been illegally on the premises of James Garton, of Garton's Hotel, Sandridge early on the morning of the 9th inst. It ap- peared In the course of the evidence that the prisoner was a ticket of-leave holder, and that he had been discharged from Pentridge on the 10th, where be had been undergoing three separate sentences, amounting in all to four years' and nine months' imprisonment, eighteen months of which had actually to run when he was set at liberty on a ticket- fo-leave. The prisoner had slept at Gar- ton's Hotel on the night of the 8th, and had been found on the morning of the 9th leaving the house under suspicious circumstances. Mr. Garton having been informed of the fact, followed the prisonor out of doors, and col- lared him. A determined struggle took place, the prisonor offering tho greatest possible re- sistance, but ultimately he was secured, and lodged in safe keeping. Amongst the wit- nesses examined was Detective Mainwaring, who proved the fact of the prisoner's former convictions. The magistrates, Mr. Call, P.M., and Dr. Plummer, decided upon sending back the prisoner to Pentridge, with a recommendation that the remaining eighteen months of his former sentences should be fully served out. As the prlsoner left the dock he directed a most vicious look towards Mrs. Garton, who had been one of the chief witnesses against him. The pri-, soner is believed to have had an accomplice, who is still at large, and for whom the police are on the watch. '' A case of Beckwith v. Marlin, heard yesterday in the District Court before Mr. Sturt, turned upon the exemption of police constables from paymont of tolls when travelling upon duty, Tho complainant was farrier to the mounted police, and was sworn in as a constable. Oa tho 0th inst., he wob engaged bringing forty nine horses, belonging to the police force, in from Dandenong to the Richmond paddock, for purposes of sale, as condemned horses. lb was accompanied by two " rough riders," also belonging to the force, who wero assisting him to drive the horses. On arriving nfc tho defendant's toll-gate, in Prahran, Martin de- manded toll. Beckwith informed him they wera police horse5, and accordingly exempt, quoting the provisions of 16 Viet., No. 24. Ia proof of his statement that ho was on duty, he pro- duced a route containing instructions, Bigaed by Superintendent Bookey, and showed it to tho defendant. Defendant still demanded toll, as Beckwith was not in uniform, aiid ho accordingly paid tho amount demanded, under protest. It appeared that, as farrier, ho was not required to wear uniform, ond was allowed to dress as ho liked. On behalf of the defence, it was argued that all previous provisions respecting toU.3 had been repealed by tbo Local Government Act, which ex- plicitly mode the wearing uniform a condition of exemption ; that it wbb an evasion of tho act to call a person engaged solely as farrier a police constable; that tbo actual duty sti- pulated by the act wasnover contemplated to opply to men engaged in driving , horses for purposes of salo; and that, con- sequently, not wearing uniform, not being a lona fide constable, and not being on actual ' duty, tho complainant was liable for the toll > demanded. Mr. Sturt said he could not agreo with the defonco in any point. He had no doubt whatever that the man sworn ia as constable, engaged in tho performance of his duty in obedience to his written instruc- tions, waa strictly a policeman travelling upon tho public soi vice, and duly entitled to . exemption. As for his not wearing uniform, it was clear that toll could not bo demanded solely on that ground, otherwise how could , detective constables pass free? But the défonce was founded on a mistake. Tho provisions of the police acts, withicspcct to exemption from toll, wore not repealed in any way by the Local Government Act, and were never intonded so to be. The hoises woro police horses, used solely for police duty, and wera clearly ex- empt. The defendant was accordingly fined 10s., and ¡C3 3s. costs. The defendant's Boll- - ci tor said he should want the Bench to state a case on the points he had raised, as it waa an i impoitant question, and the first timo that M the effect of the provisions of tho now act had been tested. Mr. Sturt replied ho wa* t peiftctly sure upon tho point, but the applica- tion could be made in writing. A meeting of the Melbourne shareholders in the Victoria Reef Gold-Mines Company was held jesterday, at tho Shakspeare Hotel, Collins street west, for the purpose of adopt- ing certain recommendations for the con- sideration of tho directors and the general body of the shareholders, at a special meeting of the company, which is to bo held to- morrow, at Sandhurst, relative to the pro- priety of altering the rules and regulations of the company. Seven shareholders were pre- sent. Mr. E. L. Splatt presided, and the gentlemen who took part in the proceedings were Mr. H. J. Clarke, Mr. J. Politz, Mr. Ryan, and Mr. C. R. Day. The meeting had been convened by Mr. Clarke, at the request of a number of the shareholders, in conse- quence of a rumour that a large amount of calls remained unpaid, and that the directors intended to propose that another call should be made. These matters had formed the subject of a correspondence be- tween Mr. Clarke and Mr. Gibbs, the manager of the company. Th correspondence was read, from which it appeared that the amount of uncalled capital was £6,300, the total ar- rears £1,746, of which the manager consi- dered £705 to be good, and the liabilities of the company, £478. The manager stated that the directors had paid the whole of the calls due upon their shares, and that there was no foundation for the rumour that they intended to propose a new call at the next meeting. They, however, proposed to make the following al- terations in the deed of settlement— First, that no future call should exceed 1s. per share ; secondly, that no proceedings for the recovery of any call should be taken until one month after the call had been made ; and, thirdly, that in the event of the call not being paid within a limited time, the committee, or a general meeting, should have the power of declaring the shares forfeited. Resolutions were unanimously adopted recommending that the directors should collect all the out- standing calls, as far as possible, before any additional call was made, and that no future call should exceed 6d. per share ; also that an alteration should be made in the deed of set- tlement to reduce the contemplated amount of the reserve fund from £3,000 to £1,000, and that a clause should be inserted similar to that in the deed of the Tyson’s Reef and other companies, to enable the directors either to sell or forfeit shares upon which calls remained unpaid, after due notice. Other resolutions were likewiso agreod to in favour of the number of directors being re- duced to five, and the establishment of an agency in Melbourne, where copies of the minutes and proceedings of all board meet- ' ings should be sent, and be open for the in- spection of the Melbourne shareholders. It was intimated that there was a probability of a vacancy occurring in the directory, and the meeting recommended that Mr. Politz should be elected to supply the vacancy, and that Mr. H. J. Clarke sbould be appointed the Melbourne agent. Mr. Clarke was in- structed to attend the meeting at Sandhurst, to represent the views and interests of the meeting ; and he was authorized to collect the proxies of the other Melbourne share- holders. Aman named James Sims, a prisoner of the Crown, died on Friday last in Pentridge Stockade, from the eflocts of chloroform ad- ministered by Dib. M'Crea and Heed. An inquest was held on tho body yestctday, when the jury, nftcr heating tho lengthy evidence adduced, found that the " Deceased died from the effects of chloroform, properly admi- nistered." Prominent among the outfitting and clothing establishments of tho city 13 the "Monster- Company," whose premises in Bourke street have long boon arnon? the attractions of that part of the city. Larg, as they aro, however, it seems that they have been found too small for the business to ba dono in them. Anew arcade, therefore, has bten constructed, by way of show-room. Last night the new promises were opened for the first time-but for festive purposes only, a largo party of influential city mon having been assembled by the invitation of Mr. S. T. Cohen, to celebrate the occasion. A hand- some, entertainment was furnished, and suo cess to tho enterprise was the toast of the orening. In this department of trade, at least, wo havo no longer occasion to look for help to England, tho outfitting establish- ments of Melbourno now rivalling those of London. Tho meeting of tho Bible Society, which was to have taken placo yesterday evening, ms postponed on account of tho stato of the rather. The International Cricket Committee will meet this afternoon, at five o'clock, nt M'Girr's Olarencc Hotel. The Collingwood Rifles will parado to- morrow morning, at a quarter past five, for iaercction by tho colonel commandant. No member can qualify as an effectivo who doo3 not attend this inspection. We have received from tho South Aus- tralian Government Printer a pamphlet entitled The Nortlurn Terr Horn of South Aus- tralia, accompanied with a Map. It contains the Queen's letters patent, annexing the terri- tory, and the Act for Regulating tho Salo or other Disposal of Waste Lands within it ; and lengthy and interesting extracts from Earl's Handbook for Colonists in Tropical Australia. A deputation, introduced by Mr. K. E. Brodribb, M.L.A., from the borough councils of Brighton, St. Kilda, and Prahran, waited yesterday on the Minister of Railways, with the view of endeavouring to obtain a portion of the surplus toll fund, to be expended on the main roads within these districts. The depu- tation pointed out that in St. Kilda alone there were some three miles and fifty- seven chains of main road, while in the three districts there were in all about nine miles of main roads. One portion of the St. Kilda-road, near Monaghan's house, it was added, was specially in need of atten- tion. Mr. Grant, in reply, remarked that, so far as he was aware, the department had no power to accede to the request, and reminded the deputation that the surplus fund was for the repair, and not for the formation of roads. The deputation then asked that that portion of the St. Kilda-road leading from Prince's- bridge to the Immigrants' Home should be raised, and the expense defrayed out of the fund named. Mr. Grant stated that he was in doubt whether a work of that kind could possibly come under the head of repairs, with- in the meaning of the act, but he would give the point consideration, and see what could be done. The deputation then with- drew. Among the late arrivals is Mr. Perring, a gentleman from the London Polytechnic, who has been engaged, in conjunction with Pro- fessor Pepper, in popularising science. He has brought with him the whole of the appa- ratus necessary for the production of the agreeable and instructive entertainment: given at the London Polytechnic; including the "Ghost." The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital begs to acknowledge receipt of £1 from "H.H. P.," and £_ fiom "Anonymous," ir aid of the funds of the institution. In consequence of the unfavourable wea flier, the sale of sites for booths, &c;, on tin Melbourne Cricket ground, announced to bl held yesterday Ly Messrs. Lyons, llarri?, anc Co, at their rooms, was postponed until to morrow, at eleven o'clock. The adjourned meeting of the Richmoni Council again lapsed last evening, ns a sutH cient number of inombers was not present t( lerra tho required quorum. There is now no doubt as to the comp. Eition of the All-3ngland Eleven who are oi their way to Australian shores by tho steam (hip Great Britain-hoin-ly expected. Mi George Marshnll has received a telegram, ni Adelaide, to tho following effect :-" Th English cricketers on board tho Groat Britaii are-Mr. George Parr (captain), E. M. Graci Esq., and Messrs. G. Anderson, Julius Cusa; W. Caffyn, Lockyor, A.Olarke {vice Mortlock' J. Jackson, R. C. Tinley, T. Hayward, I Carpenter, and G. Tarrant. The resiçnatio of Mr. Mortlock was attributable to pressur of business, but the substitution of Mr. Clark viill bo an advantage, as ho is justly coi sidercd the best fieldor in England. Ti: proprietor of Lord's Cricket ground-Mr. . II. Dark - presented the cricketera wit new cricket-balls. At a banquet given i Un m by their friends and admirers, the «ero loaded with presents, in tokon of ti good wishes of tho donors for the safe voya¡ of the party. Tho English press pronoun© the team to bo tho very best that could be gi together in the United Kingdom, and genor interest will bo manifested in tho results their contests. The Australian cricketera a adv ised to look noll to their laurels when e: gaged with the very pride of tho cricketera England." An action brought against a justice of the place, for assault and battery, was tried in the County Court yesterday. The plaintiff was Mr. P. Scanlan, an architect, and the defen- ant was Mr. Peter John Martin, brewer, Flinders-lane and Emerald-hill, and one Her Majesty's justices of the peace for the colony of Victoria. As far as could gathered from the evidence for the plaintiff, Mr. Scankn mado an agreement with, the de- fendant to call at the office of the latter on the afternoon of the 19th of November last, to receive payment cf £19 19s. on some ac- count. Plaintiff came, and some conversation, ensued. In which plaintiff remarked that he had already put the matter of account into the hands of his solicitors. Martin replied, " You may do your best, but you shall not get one shilling." Words followed, and Scanlan said he did not come there to be in- sulted. Defendant said, "You don't know what an insult is ; you have no charactor at all." Scanlan-submitted that he had been a gentleman before Martin know how to be one, and that he had as good a charactor as any one. Other worth might have passed, but these contained the gist of the conversation, which ended when Martin seized Scanlan by the nape of the neck and forced him out of the office, kicking him as well, and swearing vigorously. No sooner was plaintiff out of the door, than several porsons closed round and prevented his return. It should be men- tioned that plaintiff asserted that Martin was celebrated as a pugalist, and was in the habit of violently ill-treating men when in a passion. For the defence, Mr. Martin ex- plained that the quarrel arose in this wise — Scanlan first asked him why he went about defiling his (Scanlon's) character, Martin denied doing so, and the he direct was given and returned. Then tho plaintiff began talk- ing loudly about tho superiority of his cha- racter over Martin's, whereupon tho turn-out took place. Defendant denied that ho had used [oaths, that ho had a reputation as a pugallBt, or was in tho habit of using violence, though ho had onco turned a refractory cooper out of his premises. Mr. R. Card, de- fendant's bookkeeper, was also called ; but he in almost every instanco corroborated the plaintiff's account, and the evidence of a per- son named Hannoiy was very similar. The judge said it waB plain an unprovoked assault had been mado, and ho gavo judgement for the plaintiff for £20, and costs. A somewhat curious case was tried yester- day in the County Court. Tho patticulars were as follow:-In 1859, Mrs. Rebecca Con- roy, a widow with sevoral children, purchased tho Queen's Head Hotel in Williamstown, with money which had been left to her by hor liUBbmid. In 1801 she married ono John Flynn, who some time afterwards went to Now Zealand. In August last, during his absoace, Mrs. Rebecca Flynn died, and in November the widower returned to Victoria, to look after his wife's property. Ho found the hotel in tho possession of ono Vincent Crook, who had paid rent at tho rate of £1 18s. Od. per week to the trustees undor the will of Mrs. Flynn's £ir_t husband (Conroy). This ho had done for thirteen weeks ; and Flynn now sued for rent during tho same period, he claiming on account of his rights accruing through his marriage. Tho judge expressed himself dissatisfied with tho evi- dence setting forth Flj nu's rights, and non- suited the plaintiff. The nomination of a member of the Legis- lative Council to represent the Eastern Pro- vince, in the room of the late Hon. R. Thom- son, was announced to take place yesterday at Yea, under the auspices of Mr. Jas. Webster, who has been appointed as deputy-returning officer in the absence of Mr. P. Snodgrass, now in New Zealand. This being the first election under the new Electoral Act, considerable interest attached to tho proceedings. Mr. M. L. King attended on behalf of Mr. Turn- bull, and handed in a paper nominating Mr. Turnbull, and signed by twelve electors. He also deposited the sum of £100-as required by the act-on the part of Mr. Turnbull. Mr. Hanna was also present, and tendered papers nominating himself, signed in all by ninety- one electors. Mr. Hanna also paid the re- quired amount of money into the hands of the clerk. The polling takes place on the 28th instant, but the result will not be known for about a week afterwords. At the weekly meeting of the City Council yesterday, Mr. Thomas Dickson was elected professional accountant and paid auditor to tho corporation, Mr. John Gill was appointed arbitrator for the corporation in the matter of tho Sandridge-road tolls, and Mr. W. levers was elected rate collector for Smith Ward. Tho council postponed awarding the prizes offered for the best and second host plans for the fish-market until next meeting. The con- sideration of the draft of a new hackney carriage bye-law was also postponed. A new journal-tho Avoca _U"a¡í-has mado its appearance in tho township the name of which it bears. An aboriginal womnn, of the Mount Rouse trite, living near Hamilton, lately gavo birth to three children. They aro reported as " doing well." Wo are informed that tho hiring of tho im- migrants pership'Giesham is postponed until to morrow (Wednesday), in consequence of the inclemency of tho woathor. A public tea meeting will be hold, ia tho Collhib-sfreet Baptist Chapel (tho Rev. James Toy lot's), this evening, at half-past six o'clock, being the last of tbo anniversaiy services in celebration of the oponing of that placo of worship. At twenty fivo minutes to ono o'clock this morning, as Philip Wobber, one of tho Mel- bourne Fire Brigade, was returning from duty at No. 1 Station, ho observed tho out- fitting shop of Mr. Thomas Hopwood, No. 5 Collins-street east, to bs on fiio. The brigade wera in attondnnco immediately, and tho damage was confined to the destruction of tho counter and goods stored underneath it, amongst which it appears to have originated. A deputation, composed of tho Rov. S. L. Chase, the Rev. W. Moss, Mr. James Wise would, and Mr. James Bedford, the committee of management of the Deaf and Dumb Insti- tution, waited upon the Minister of Lands yesterday, with tho object of obtaining a grant of land for a garden and playground in con- nexion with tho institution. Tho Rov. W. Mosb stated that in a foimer communication to tho depaitmcnt it wob mentioned that the attcntionof the committeehad beondhected to a sito known ns tho Church Reservo, in the parish of Prahran, bounded by the Dande nong-rond on the one sido and Chapel-street on the other ; and what he had now especially to add was, that the committee wero anxious to obtain about ten acres of land, the greater portion of which it was intended to devote to gardon purposes, for tho benefit of tho insti- tution. Mr. Heales suggested that it might bo as well to havo a larger grant of land farther in the country in some direc- tion; but tho Rev. W. Moss pointed out, in reply, that great inconvenience would »riso if tho institution wero to bo established at any great distança out of town ; at the same time, the committee were not parti- cularly wedded to ono site, and another, near the National School, on tho St. Kilda-road, had been spoken of as available. He thought it advisable also to mention that the in- stitution was intended as a national one and that from tho returns of Mr. Archer it t appeared that thoro woro already about 200 mutes in tho colony, and it wne, of course, to ba expected that the number would increase considerably. In con- nexion with tho institution at present thero wcio thirty-two mutes iu all, whilo twenty eix' weio actually inmates of the building undor tho chargo of the committee. Mr. Heales said that ho would bo glad to meet the views of the committee in tho best way in his power, bat he did not see his way for tho present towards doing what they required of him in tho manner requested. The most advisable course, he thought, -was to liavo tho matter os it stood for tho time,' and ho would take steps ' to ascertain what could bo >mo3t advan- tageously'done on behalf of tho institution.' Having done that, he would communicate again with tho committee The deputation then withdrew. ' At the Haymarket Theatre last evening, tho programme embraced the dramas of " Thérèse, the Orphan of Geneva ;" " Tho Mlstletoo Bough, or Young Lovell'« Brido;" and Mr. Bailow's entertainment. Consider- ing the weather, there was not a bad house. Considerable preparations are being made, wo understand, for the pantomimo at this theatre. ] 