HUNTING THE MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB Dear Bell,— On Saturday last, thanks to the discretionof the master, the Melbourne Hunt Club fixture was at Jesse Morley's 'Plough and Harrow,' , Cheltenham road, instead of the whilom Hunter's Rest tryst, amongst burnt down walls.. Consequently, thoso . folks from a distance, whoso aarly rising prcveotod them from HOttlog a bito at home, bad the cbanco of a good breakfast, and Eoveral Kladlv availed themselves of th -..excellent Bprend set forth by mine host aforesaid, The mustir conslslerl of 37, includihg Boveral of tbo 'darling Dianas,' who, this Benson, havo added bo much to tho grace and spirit of the hunt. Many of the 'regulars ' were missing, and very few celebrated nags were out; but the attendance of sporting visitors was coi.sidernble. The umnl dirootion was taken to (he kaogaroo coverts, and tho geno.-al opinion of the company seemed to be' that wo should bo annoyed with two or thrco hoarB1 knocking nbout after gamo, as has occurred too froquontly of late. Imckily, howevor, within BOino twenty minutes of drawing, and after cro.°sing thrco or four nica littlo fences, tint Just warme.l ono to tho saddle, the hounds suddenly hurst away full cry, nnd ran merrily away after their Ion2-tiiled qnnrry in a capital spin, with a casuil short check, till oloso to Qraham's. Ilore wo lost, nnd Mr. Watson, knowing from experience that gamo ia always afoot henabpnts, led us ovor the rathtr nasty wlro fonce, and threw the hounds forward. Wbon about tho inldulo of tho paddock, n 'Tally hoi' at tbo rear, declared a view, and two flying does wore bccu Balling away behind us. We must hnvo passed nlmost ovor them in the drawing, nnd it has really now btcoine a fact that kangaroos lio almost ns closo in the country we regularly hunt1 ovor as do haros In a fallow at. homo. JSxperionco has made them' cun ning, and it requires all tho energy and tact of a patient . . huntsman to tnako sure of afind. After the pack were laid on, a capital spin, with a good share of fencing, brought us into the D«idei«mg''rrtld)- tho kangnroo that had licon singled oat running some way down the highway, until turned back into the bush by a wood cartor. Back thoa crushed the cavalcade, at a slnshingpace, over soveral AnMnQllt*i-H InKi f?rnlinm'-l nffijn ? «n*l lltn nafltnra out over the difficult wire fence was n s .-rious joke to mori than one. Host, howovor, accom plished tho feat somehow, and n couplo of miles over tbe henth was' then golloped very fast. Unfortunately, the long-tailed 'nn wns clever enough to find out a mob of four or. flvo mates, and run fairly into thorn, which was enough to send tho best traiuod pro.k wild; bo the master wisely had tho frantic canines whipped oil', and ' called a go.' No one waa sorry for it, for thero had been oipltnl fun, mid- tho afternoon was so young that the long rldj home was ren dered a pleasure instead of a toil. In fact, as r or aril j onjombility, seldom has thoro been a more thoroughly delightful day's huntinir, both overhead and undorfoot being all that could bo desired. ' NIMlltD'S GHOST. 