WILLIAM PINNOCK. William ; Piniiock w»s a v rv ori.n'nHi character. , ..lie commenced hi^ |Jt«n»rV career :in a Jsmall.wny «s a sc' o»l-in,ist<-r, in fi:)m,,. shii-e—I think .at Alton—lieu- which another -^remarkable man, Wil.'iain Cobb-tt, was also produced;. It was in this occupation that tlje design of the Catechisms was sug(j«steil to hia mind:; and he was not long, in cai-ryin-r til(. experiment into effect. Provincial success, as usual, pointed .to. London.as the.grand th'-aLru w hereon to push, this .promisinir adventure, and in conjunction with his brother-i-'-'a-v and executive literary coajutor, Air- Maunder, a publishing bouie was^established -in the metropolis. . .For .two.-Or . three years the partners were publishers, of ihe Literary Gzette, which . served, to extend their connections; bein? then, like their own. concern, started as a novel trial of pcjiular taste,-to ascertain how far; the frequent issue. ,of a periodical embracingt the latest miscellaneous intelligence of literature,.science, and.fine art^j iiiighc hope for goneral snppoit. Tliis ,';x- . jier.m-mt, like their own, wa? pre-e'inineatly . sucressful, and the example it set, and the . course it opened, has also been, very advanlagemsly followed out, boih.as. regards, the :. ... public and tlm imitators of the oria-inal pattern — with or without- aine.idinents. M.eanwhile the Catechisms multiplied, and fully answered their purpose. . They did not aim ai too much. Tliey were .concise; .and they possessed the real excellence which tught to belong to everv woik of tuition : they bejau at the beginning, and did not - take it for. granted that the learner was alnaly acquainted with so much it was unnecessary to teach. .Tiiey multiplied aud embraced many and ve.-y various subjects. From tbe teaching for the Peasant's Cottage, to the teachiug from Herald's College, there was no remissness iu the flow of the instructive stream ; aud issues and re-issues enrich the catalogues of eniiuent publishers to tbis day. Education for the people has now become a great national question. WhateierdiftWences of opini n there, may be on other parts of the qncst-ifn, lam free to,express my o;?iri'>n, that under any system, the productions of Pinnock and Maunder may. be mo-t beneficially employed. Soon, condensed Hi-tories" were superadded, to the Catechismand, for that time, I m:i v, state they were carefully edited. At least I can vouch for one Goldsmith's ' K.ngland," wbich at the request of Pinnock and:' Maunder, I examined critically, and could not detect any appreciable number of doubtful .points or sericus errors. Ejs uno duce omnes. I believe equal piins were bestowed upon the rest, and their reception was- extraordinary. H I am not mistaken, the profit upon the volume I have mentioned, amousted to above ii20C0 in one year. The ball of fortune was at his feet; but William Piaaockwasimprude.it, and h jkicked it away. If ever the spirit of speculation was incarnated .in a. human body, it filled every vein and pulse in his frame. With the old poet, Wither, (and "wither" would have been a too appropriate forewarning shadow,) -his might r«peat " Tlmt from every thing I saw, I could.some invention draw;** -and sodie-never ceased to attempt something new'—something out of the . common way. With' a large income, and very moderate expenditure, i' woul-i seem fabulous to tell bv what absurdities this otherwise extremely clever man -got rid of his very, considerable emoluments, and ..plunged himself into difficulties. One instance may serve. He took it into his head to fancy that an immense sum might.be realized by a monopoly of tbe w jod for-veneering.. An elaborate calculation of the furniture-in which it was used, and especially piano- fortes, followed the idt-a,- and afforded themost salisfactoiy conclusions. The next '8'ep Wyis a visit-to. all the principal repositories of rfip article, a/id ..«yeu fo in the river aud dooks;:and.the pnichase of all that could be got... But the furniture-making .and the piano-^'orteibuihlin^.went on tlie ^anirf as ever, and tiiejle was- noi demand for Pinnpck'-s veneer -at ad\;an.cfid-prices ; so as he could;-pot sell it at li a profi'j- he betook, himself to,tlje::manufactiire 'of thetfiuisicnliiustriiments to .wo.-k it.up, •and he |ost,.a.s: he confesjed, a fnint of mpnev upon-the--egregious speculatiop, lit w^ by this and similar outbreaks. that a most productive auil increasing, business vvas dissipated ; . . : and tostL - Tlje -close.was melancholy-: Driven wilii' by, J ii o. fa i lures, poor Pinnock: witnessed 'the srtle^pl iiis.cpiij-.i-ig'jts—tlie mtire wreck of 'wliichj(4nriphe.d- several,igreai, cretfitor- bouses, i«nd |y,jelds valnablfs, returns to,, this, day—and Slihk into a low.eph te, ever busy with somcitbing, .jbut ha,vii\g; lvist r tl>9 po\vgi ,oi ,doing . Janytlirng.,, -jPioject-aitnr project, yacished ; yet be; w;is .vvUtbal a well-meaiiiiig, and;by!iett tuan, ^j>par^nj:ly,;(ruined by an exOitaWe temj>eraim 'nt wJiicb^itj jvould puzzle tHe wisest physio- logist ilq exr^ain.— '";'CWLIFOUN'IA-N ^VEGETABLES. 1 —' Victorian - gardupisandi'artrieTs'will-read-'thelollow.ng with iutei-e^t?—Cabbages weighing 'Iftlb arrf : - • wondersin- - New- v • ¥ork; - mUrlcj-t .;' ; • in - San' : ' •' • Pi'ancisco they are co nmo-i. Whole fields of : l^>Wli.'j.!!Ouercabl«^e,'i-which:itfld ba^j'iage lieadfeHveigliin^' UOlb-^actihave been' not make • f hfi'aH;-ii><rewtb be :7;th. t »i-Je, -throwing buti : •4eaves!S-.feet.G iucb'-s long ini oaeh 'side.:. In - ^rnanyiiciiBes ith^.lcubblge lias- b'vn converted ^ - Htit'i wpe.eoial evergreen-, Iree-iiite-'plau^ 'by pieSvenlin.r jt from ever foiosito-veod: Sereriil -: " tliHseiuiiH gr.iw tis- in 4: a:'State w-.»h «talks - , v troinrS:ifeet ao'6 and a-^toliago that >' -grorws: thixiuf; hiwJtiier Mnd'Bummer:- 1 In 1857'- one esqunsh * nine -onii the ranch - of.:i Jamed Simmoiis,rini!;Y.ubaV-i-6duniy : , - vrpduceh viao ; -squashes,': weighing iSri isll ' <i) Iu.i ; the '.^A (SuaMfmaLJ. : - : Q..Aii'Biilitiu^Mt^an;:Jiise, v pt*w" jr^wc&wly.-va;'hejdargfct .'<!^litorDi»ta 'b&i6Ei;'' -a ,-w- j^hitl ;47ozbivtiird'upoisj anQ^meaini«d -22ai ' jfo<>ue*hil.cirhumⅈ>ntse; ii3$&l;&gesttreiiibeds; -iH •ifr'Sgliedii-181h,-(tv:is 5/feetdong Bail JS Jfent ig t ^ialnfltflri^vlt dCMKr^inuiwaaw.^^ The fir^t' •because Soffits —^inciS) AmM*:- - ?0i^Hp;iomtf;d it^ijThi^^damvtead'xitiptoduc'- '-" i ing seed the next year merely kept on grtiwiiig irfjVuj-e./iotin. 1861b,and |beTollwme Such beets iip fee igtown. kwMtrs nrlat « r foolscap " • „-.,• - i , . theywouhfbe \---j. — uo z\rd to te'I ho^^ciaroe tovbtor that; •ular '.^pin CKariet- I. found ^Venues shorty j|ie granted certain : privies?"' amounting!^ Monopolies ^ ?•' and laong these vas ^he ^Bmifactare of'paper, tJia psclusivenghtofwgch wWs^old to certaitf parties, wh^ grew ritib, and enriched the povermnent^t'thefxpense of- those.who were obliged; to -om -paper. At this" time J ail English pap& 'bore in wat^r marks the-royal ? rme - ^'Parliament-under Croniwell made jeste of-this !^^father-indignities: law in every conceivable manner; toJtbe jnemorv <it Charles, it was ordered that the rovnl *rws j ! t-e removed from theipaper, and the fool's en and bells be • substituted. These were «':.» removed when tbe' Rump Parliament ivr., prorogued- but paper of ihe size of the parliamentary journals still; bears the name of "foolscap."' - • GARjBALTpi.^-i-A.'ruHh letter in tbe Nuremberg Corresprrideh't states that a few days ago a party of25 Englishmen arrived at Caprera to pay their rbsjiects to Garabaldi. The latter thanked them jvery warmly for" tie proof of their sympatbyj but atthe same; time expressed' bis regret at 'only "being' able to'receive two of the party, the state cf his health stilliequiring • repose. Since 1 '1869, 150 steamers ; have touched at Caprera, where forme-ly no' vessel ever stopped, and more than 16,000 person's have landed. Four Neapolitan vessels bear the name t>f Garibaldi. Tlie General is god- • father to 4,500 children, and 2000 boys have • received his name. During the last three years he has received presents to the value of 16,000f. The majority of them are agricultural implements, chiefly from -England. During the same period he has refused cither gilts representing a value of nearly one' million. Garibaldi is honorary' burgess tjf ninety cities and towns, and honorary president of ISO associations. He has '21 swords of honor, oi which 11 have befen sent from j abroad. Since 1859, 3000 addresses of devotedneis have been sent to him. • In consequence of the improvements introduced into tbe' cultivation ' of the land which he possesses at Caprera, bis annbalrefat from it now ,amounts to 3000f. Originally it was ; almost nothing. .'' : v J.- Salmon ova, it appears, can be preserved in ; ice for a lengthened period. The : Field has tbe following communication on this subject' under the heading " Salmon to Australia'; " I have just received the 1 following highly satisfactory report of the freezing experiments from Tennant,—P. T. Buckxand.—' Gn the 17th of April Mr. Youl gave me thirty-five eggs th&t; had been in the ice ninety days I put them in the hatching box next morning. On tbe 22nd, in some of them the eyes' weie fully developed, and they began to hatch out on the 28tb of April, and finished hatching 6th May; : twenty-six young ones and bine bad eggs. The young fish are not so large as 1 tl ose whds'e incubation has not been retarded by freezing, but itill they are'very lively lJttle fish,—J. Tekkant (Fish House, Zoological Gardens). 3 ' !•;:..:•.. i P.i., Curious Case of Poisoning.—The upas tree, a native of Java, is sowell-knownin that island for its deleterious qualities that it is' generally called the poison' tree. There are, we believe; only two "species, tbe upas antiar and tbe upas tieuie, both of Wliich yield a milky juice with which weapons are poisoned. The Abeille Medicale states that a short time ago a scientific gentleman nt f: BerIiii received* small quantity of the condensed" juice of the upas, and resolved to try the effects of it upon himself. One afternoon he accordingly to6k three grains of this drug, which he found ven' bitter and rathersaltish. Immediately alterwards ie felt extremely gay, and a-bad headache which he had at the time disappeared; but after a while he experienced a sensation : of oppression in the stomach. -Nevertheless lie had the imprudence to go out; on turning a poraer he became -aware of a considerable stiffness along tbe spine; this waa about half an hour tifter having taken -the poison. An hour later, while taking a cup of coffee, he felt a violent shock-thiougbout his body and stiflness at tbe extremities; at the same time his head -was'thrown backwards, he lost-all power'of speech, but his ^<sntdl faculties remained ummpared. There was- a -alight remission of these symptoms for a few minutes, and then- a fresh a"tack came on and this continued until the patientat length succeeded in expressing ^ wish to be taken to die hospital of LaCharitS. As he was being helped downstairs to get into a carnago a new attack impeded bis process,' but dunng-tbe drive he had -bone, although tbe sligbtest shake seemed sufficient to" bring it on. - • These atlarks -i. ® These attarks were attended trith bat little pain; deglutition was difficult, tend' the pauerit felt very weak.' After every attack the muscular system relapsed^ iHto inertness.. At tbe hospital emetics were immeJiatelv administered to expel the ^Kiikihi ri' maiut-d; the vomiting w as attended With sudden starts,-spasms in tbb glottis.-and difficulty oi breathing; the latter symptom, howfever, soon subsided. The pulse was at 72. Thirty drops of laudanum were administered at the rete of lO eyery quarter of- an boiir, arid "then' 30 more mthree parts,atinteiraU of hrff an hour The patient fell iasleep,: but was often awakened %y the contraction' of the muscles of the back and neck. Laudanum %as again administered, and sleep returned. 'On-'the following.moiningthe patient'felftery weak, but only complained ol stifihesg in the Jett muscles of the neck {thepuke .was at. £6 Wine and Jight food wasjaow^iveninstead of, mediune, and on the «ixth fday;;the .patient, left the^hospitel perfectly recovered.—Galiananr-jt nftmsmna*. . a's GHOST.—One of the most successful caterers for public amusement v ^ ( Z J s .Professbr Pepper.When, ,the iiaster holidays come ronnd people invariably ask prhatjje has brought out.at the Polytech, nic lustjitution ? ,,, Last season-his mo^t successful bit was r. lecture -on the; chemical substanoes.used for ths protection of female dre^eg from fire ,A lay,figure ,was attired m the (iress usuaUy, worn, and burnt to a.ciiiaer a, J,fang, woman was dressed in the eame tasion with prepared, materials, and,.-exposed her clothes to contact with : fire in Such a way ^toprovetheirincombustibUity.i;ThisWr he nasafiade a stiU: inore_«iccessfiiWiiti; ".FeJ now^exfabitsa,ghost! ! A. atage'is erected in thejecture haflC the curtain :is drawn, iaa'di disdoses^iUmlyJighted roim.described as « study, j diving ;jiiah gralks ^about ion j th^ i stage;: J3ie ghost makes his appearance mearl Wfvand ««rored:to..W:fiptetral by the.visi-, ble.&jlurt; pf-aU attenqrts.io gras^ it. . The. expIanhUon ior.a tame.baffled 4he iaost .im-; geniousj but" it lias "now been given.' A sheet of-pl&tfc-glass; crosses tbe stage in front of the rlivitig; actor who is trying, to clutch the shadow., In front of the plate-glass is suspended the form of the ghost which, like thin gauze curtain, is. transparent, from within but white fromwithout,, .TJbe image, of this object is reflected from: the .glass t?,-.^®.^^spectators so as. to seem to tbern as farbehind the •glass as it is in-reality .in front of it. As the object is transparent, on their side thp^.are uuiible to detect the spurpe of the, illusipn. The contrivance' is exceedingly ingenious,,ant| has redeemed for Professor Pepper t^pomilarisv fie lost during the rejoicings:;.ot -last r-.onth, by Lis unsuccessful attemptty.^Uqmi-,. nai« St. l~aul'.->. The;ghost is protectea..pj ja j;utei:t; but t!»j difficulty of managing the, apparatus; and more particularly tbe., jijne ! i ~ffiit, 1 ' t ni'iri prevent.tjie aripptioh of tbe .aevipe: bv the sensation .di^matists , Nfivertbel^,' '•"a patent ghost", is one of.the olijects,fo(l)e had «u hire in London/: and jnay serve..tl^e purpose of the spiritualists better tlian'^any. mechanical ,<Mntrivaflpe. <^ey. have, yist en?-, ployed to gull the. English public,:^LoneUiti Correspondent of Inverness Courhx-' '.. How Information: -is Convexed to. the' Confederates.—A Washington despatch of tbe 24th. April says:—"Intelligence was- receivedjhere'to-day, of an important ai-- rest at Falmputh, the.;head quarters; of the ariny of the Potomac. a No .doubt hasjejfeted for a long time that the rebels,',jbave some secret' means of ^knowing; .everything [that transpired, within our lines, and.|iW,such'.information was instantaneously conveyed. .Gener ral Patrickj theprovost-marshal of the army of the'Potomac, -was: determined that the secret should be brought to light. . The guai-ds stationed along the river bank .and in situations favorable for signals Jiave been constant-' ly enjoined to nse the. utmost ca^e and watchfullness to discover and expose the iniquitous system. : Yestehlay their.efforts were crowded with success. One of the guards in the town of Falmouth, stationed, outside a4.w«}lipg. adr; oining tbelbrick church .-onuthe river ,bank, heard ti|e 'dinking, like that of a, telegraph in= strumeat.,. He .aavjsed his (superior, officers, and 'was directed to ^nterthe house and.' investigate. This was done and,von:'opeping the'door, he discovered a.party. of four: pr five' persons, one-of 'whom; was, seated ,at(, a, telegraph instrument, sending messages by.ja pubmarine vire across the Rappahannock.. They wete'all arrested, and,: fttheir ofience is, of extraordinary atrocity, a just and speedy punishment, will doubtless^be at once miseted out to'them. . This punishment,.jaccording. to the laws'of war, is death-by hanging." 