Mr. MORIARTY'S proposed resolutions OB the subject of aid to New Zealand are «are to meet with warm a»d generoua support. If the Government have appeared to be backward in responding fully to the oall for assistance, it is yet not to be supposed that they can have any but the best of motives in this case. They, may ba guided in some respecta by the reports of- tbe military authorities, and in others by the dread of aBsumin&too; much responsibility in depriving this colony, of its military defenders. A strongly expressed opinion on the part of Parliament will relieve tho Executive from much difficulty. Happily,.although none can tell how soon war may break out in Europe, the present ia. a time less fall of dire portents in (bis respect than any that has occurred for a considerable period past. We cannot crédit ! the ridiculous story that the Government affect tb fear danger from sedition and rebellion, and. wish to keep the troops here for that reason. The. true cause .why 1 fifty men only have yet been sent, out of some four hundred or ao who are quartered! upon, the estimates, must probably be looked for in another direc- tion, We have noticed that a sort of semi-offi- cial military, return has been put forth, with the apparent object of showing. that the effective strength of the troops in thia colony amounted to no more than one-eighth of their numerical strength. The men- were there, and drew rations and pay, a portion bf the latter, from the local Treasury ; but they were not " effective." Deducting officers, the servants of officers, sick, and, perhaps, wounded, and other non-effectives, there remained no more than the fifty who left Sydney for New Zealand a few days ago. It is to be hoped that, when the Estimâtes come before the Amenably, members will make dili- gent iuquiry as to the whereabouts and occupa- tions of toe other three hundred and fifty or so. Many years ago, according to looal tradition, there was a road party employed between Sydney and Parramatta. The party consisted of twelve men, and, on investigation, it was found that eleven' of these were officers or servants of offioers- in fact, non-effectives. The e w a an overseer and a deputy-overseer ; a clerk and his assistant, a watchman and a constable ; a cook and his deputy, a man.to take charge of the tools, a messenger, and some o her official. In short; there ' Was but o.e man - left to labour. This, we presume, was when the - Imperial 1 Treaiu y paid s>', and the : ? reigning {Sovereign had to submit to many hard bargains.. Possibly her Majesty's military authorities may be satisfied with a similar state of non- effectiveness amongst the troops in the . colonies ; but we see no reason why the people here should, encourage, much less pay to maintain such a Bham. The non« effectives for active duty elude'us like the artifi- cial ghost now being exhibited at the theatres ; but they.appear in more solid personality on the Estimates, and it is thora that they ought to be dealt with unless good' reason can be shown against Mr. MonrAlar's proposition, or the spirit of the proposal be ádoped. The Government ¿f Viotoría have liberally responded to the call from New Zealand. We presume that Lieutenant-Goneral CAMEBON, Who is no.l jnger. merely .an. officer in.command.for a special service, but holds the military authority accordant with his ránk¿ could at once withdraw the whole of the troops from this colony if: j he . thought proper. But : that would I involve a great responsibility, and he therefore acts through the,, civil, powers, asking. eaoh I colony to give such assistance as can be spared; From Tasmania ? the whole available force was despatched, though that is a convict oolony, and there may be need of military protection. The Governor,1 Colonel GOBS BBUWHB,. knew i the ne- cessity of j the case, and the wisdom of dis- heartening the enemy by os large a.display of force as was possible. : In Victoria a request was made for a portion of the, infantry ; of the line and a detachment of artillery. This waa answered by despatching the whole of the 40th Kegimeht stationed in that colony, with an intimation' that if the artillery and the battery of Armstrong guns were needed, they should be sent also. This zeal and readiness forms a contrast to the ; unreadiness of Kew South Wales, abd - the movements of the Govern» ment here, in this matter, are also somewhat discredited > by ' the gallant volunteering of militiamen, here and in Victoria. Even the young colony of Queens laid comes forward cheerfully with her Volunteers for New Zealand service.' ' No doubt there is danger in the enterprise/ The Maoris occupy a strong position, and many a dangerous service might have to be performed before the Europeans could penetrate to the rude "palace" of King POTATAU, haul down his flag, and compel him and his adherents to corrie to terms. The lands conquered by Europeans in Waikato will have to be held with the strong hand for some time to como. But the Maories will probably have received some lessons daring this war which may be useful to them, and conducive to the future maintenance of peace. The gunboat now nearly ready for delivery from the Australasian Steam Naviga- tion Company's works at Pyrmont will probably enable General CAMERON to pueh bis advance far beyond his present posi- tion on the Waikato, and to keep it well supported* But as he moves on, he must be protooted by redoubts and blockhouses in his rear, and these will require men to garrison thom. We have every confidence that, with proper support from the colonies around, the General will be found more than a match for his wily eppononts, and be enabled to re-establish the QUEEN'S authority permanently in New. Zealand. 