MR. CRUMMY'S FIRST NIGHT AWAY FROM MRS. CRUMMY. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "Man and wife should ever Use their best endeavour To be parted never, Through their life's career." MR. and Mrs. Crummy were as comfortable an old couple as ever delighted in a bit of cosy chit-chat over a little black tea-pot, and a dish of hot muffins. They had gently jogged along the highway of life together, for many changeful years, bearing each other's burthens, and sharing each other's joys. By dint of untiring industry in the baking business, they had acquired a comforting competency for their de- clining years; and while they ungrudgingly enjoyed the fruits of their labours, they did not scruple to give out of their purse, or larder, a portion to any really poverty-stricken person who knocked at their door. Like Mr. and Mrs. Bubbs, of "one horse shay" notoriety, "they'd no brats to plague their lives;" thte lived in a roomy house, in a respectable part of Sydney, kept one female servant—old Molly Koddles —and a boy in buttons, to look after the chestnut pony and the hooded phaeton. They were pretty generally respected by their neighbours, and were looked upon as exemplary models of conjugal affection. Mrs. Crummy's healthy face, round as a sunflower, would crinkle into smiles worth sixpence to see, as she coquettishly patted Mr. C.'s bald head, and told him she loved him then as fondly as on the first day he dropped his basket from his back, and cried "baker," at her area railings. To my fancy, one of the happiest sights in creation is an old couple smoothing each other's way to the grave, like "John Anderson my Joe," and his loving spouse. One fine morning Mr. and Mrs. Crummy set out in their phaeton, on a visit to their old friends Mr. and Mrs. Butts, of Newtown. They spent a very pleasant day, and towards its close were preparing to return to their own domicile, when the stormy aspect of the weather induced Mr. and Mrs. Butts to press their guests to stay the night with them. "Couldn't possible do it," urged Mrs. Crummy, "not if it were raining baker's rasps and half-pound weights; old Molly Koddles would be scared to death, to be left in the house alone for a night, she believes in ghosts, the old goose." After many pros and cons, it was decided that Mrs. Crummy should remain, and Mr. Crummy should return home: an arrangement, however, to which Mrs. Crummy assented witn extreme reluctance, for since they were first pronounced man and wife they had never been separated for a single night, but her scruples were eventually overruled, and after receiving a batch of kisses, soft and warm as new loaves, off set Mr. Crummy in the phaeton, driven by the boy Ben. Passing a cook's shop on his way home, the savory fumes of some steaming hot edibles, so excited Mr. Crummy's appetite, that he was irresistibly impelled to buy a pound of black pudding; and as he put the greasy, skin-bound dainty into the pocket of the phaeton, his mouth watered at the anticipation of his oft-longed-for luxurious supper in the absence of Mrs. Crummy, who did not approve of substantial suppers, for she said they induced snoring, and roaring, and kicking; besides many other ills and inconveniences. "Have you got any cold cabbage?" asked Mr. Crummy of Molly, as he handed her the black pud- ding on his arrival home. "Yes, sir, and a few cold taters." "That's right, Molly," said Mr. Crummy, chuckling like a monkey at a mince pie, "chop them all up fine, and fry them with the black pud- ding, in plenty of dripping, and let me have them as quickly as you can, piping hot, Molly, and plenty of nice mustard." In a short time the supper was ready; Mr. Crummy heartily enjoyed it, and wished the while, that Mrs. Crummy was less firm in her objections to such rational meals, for he didn't believe a good supper would hurt anybody. He left a small bit for Molly, for he was not a greedy man, and after he had medi- tated for about half an hour, according to custom, and smoked a pipe at the same time, he went to his bed- room, said his prayers, drank a glass of cold water,— Mr. Crummy was a rigid teetotaller,—put on his nightcap, and then jumped into bed. He lay rather restless for some time, and was en- gaged in calculating whether his disquietude was caused by the day's excitement, the ride home in the rain, the absence of Mrs. Crummy, or those noisy cats just under his window; or whether the whole of those causes combined, kept sleep from his eyelids. At length it is certain he did drop off to sleep, for Molly has since declared, "he snored so loud, that it frightened her out of her first nap." Just as the clock struck the ominous hour of one, a loud, unearthly howling, seemed to fill his chamber, and he beheld, with indescribable horror, the door open and admit, amid a flood of light, red as the glare from a hot oven, a tall, powerful looking man, in the working garb of a slaughterer. His legs and arms were bare and bloody, and his long dishevelled hair was clotted with grease and gore; on his shoul- ders he carried a butcher's tray, filled with pig's chitlings, in one hand he had a large three-legged iron pot, half filled with blood, and a long butcher's knife glistened in his belt. He put the tray full of chitlings on the drawers, and with the black iron pot and his hideous knife in either hand, he drew aside the bed curtains, and exclaimed in a harsh hollow voice, "Get up Crummy, I'm going to bleed you." "I'm much obliged to you, Mir. What's-your- name, but I'd rather not," stammered Mr. Crummy, with a terrible shrinking of every nerve, "I don't ap- prove of phlebotomy." "How dare you tell me that after the supper I saw you gobble last night? a pound of blood pudding and a frying-pan full of bubble and squeak! you don't like blood, eh? you wicked old gorger! come, bare your arm," said the bloody man, putting his iron pot on the white counterpane, and leaning over towards Mr. Crummy, with his gleaming knife between his teeth; "you'll have typhus fever, and infect the whole neighbourhood, if I don't doctor you. None of your nonsense no ; you gormandizing old horse- leech; hold out your arm directly, or I'll cut your head off, and drain every drop of blood from your carcass." "Oh! oh! hoo-o! Bet-sy, mur-der, mur-der," shrieked the terrified Mr. Crummy, writhing and struggling away from the assassin, till he fell over the opposite side of the bed, to the floor; as he fell he grasped the mosquito curtains, and dragged down the whole top apparatus, of rings and rods, with a loud discordant rattle, which reached through the whole house. There he lay and kicked until he got himself from head to foot inextricably entangled in the net curtains, like a bluebottle in a cobweb, and the more he kicked and rolled the more helplessly did he be- come enveloped. "Hoo-o, murder, murder," he roared, at the top of his lungs, and his noise soon alarmed the whole quiet neighbourhood. "Murder! fire! fire!' shrieked old Molly Kod- dles, throwing open her back bedroom window, in a state of absolute terror. "Fire, fire, fire," was re-echoed down the street by a score of voices. The cry soon found its way to the engine station, and in ten minutes all the alarm bells in the city were ringing. Mr. Crummy continued to shout murder without stopping to rest; and in his violent efforts to extri- cate himself from the net he had overturned the wash-stand and dressing table, the clatter of which almost drove Molly frantic with fright. She hurriedly put on a few articles of attire—upside down, in the dark, and was preparing to escape from the house, which she verily believed was haunted by a host of evil spirits, when a violent knocking at the front door and ringing of the bell completed her distraction; she rushed down stairs, and drew back the fastenings, when the door flew open, striking her on the nose, and causing the blood to stream over her white night jacket profusely; just at that moment a policeman's bull's-eye lantern was held to her face, and revealed her ensanguined disfigurement in all its horrors. "Let me out, let me out," screamed Molly, trying to force her way past the policeman, who, however, seized her tightly by the throat. "Murder, murder," bellowed Mr. Crummy, from under the bed up stairs. "Murder! help, help," bawled the policeman, at the same time blowing his whistle, which soon brought three more policemen to his aid, followed by a rabble of men, women, and boys; which soon in- creased to a crowd, of the alarmed neighbours; all eagerly enquiring "What's the matter." The blood-besmeared Molly Koddles was escorted by one of the policemen to the female watchhouse, loudly protesting her innocence all the way there, and being now and then cautioned by her obdurate keeper, "not to say anything to criminate herself." Leaving one of their force to guard the entrance to the house, and to keep back the crowd, which now almost blocked up the street; the other two police- men guided by the half smothered cries of murder, ascended to Mr. Crummy's bedroom, which they found in great confusion. After a little time they discovered Mr. Crummy under the bed, completely enveloped in mosquito gauze. With difficulty they released him from his entanglement, when he sat up, and stared about him with horrified bewilderment. "Whatever is the matter, Mr. Crummy?" asked one of the policemen. "Oh my! oh my!" sighed Mr. Crummy; "where's that butcher?" "What butcher do you mean?" "Eh; O dear me! I don't know him," replied Mr. Crummy, rubbing his eyes, "he was going to slaughter me." "He's drunk," muttered the second policeman, with a knowing wink to his comrade. "How dare you say such a thing?" asked Mr. Crummy wrathfully; "I'm a teetotaller. What do you mean by coming into my chamber, and insulting me in this way? you impudent fellows! be off with you directly, or I'll shoot you both. Thieves, thieves! hoy, Molly, Molly Koddles, Ben! where have you got to? What the dickens is the meaning of all this rumpus? I'm fairly at my wit's end. What a fool I was to leave my wife at Butts's." "Hold him tight there, Bob," said the first police- man to his mate, while I go and quiet that mob out- side, and send for more help. If he's obstreperous while I'm gone, clap the 'darbies' on him." "Hooy, hooy, hooy! clear the road there, mind your bunions and bad legs," cried a chorus of noisy voices, as No. 1 Fire Engine drove rapidly up, through the scampering crowd, closely followed by Fire Engine No. 2. "Where's the fire?" enquired the foremost fireman, smelling and sniffing like a terrier at a rat hole. "It isn't lighted yet," said a jeering voice in the crowd; "hold on a bit, they arn't quite finished the murder." In the meantime the boy Ben had mounted the chesnut pony, and ridden off at racing speed to ac- quaint his mistress that the house was on fire, and Molly Koddles had murdered her master. Mrs. Crummy's feelings can better be imagined than described; but being a woman of strong nerve she did not faint when she required all her faculties. Her good friend Mr. Butts, too, was a man for an emergency; he ran at once to the stable, put his horse in the buggy, and in less than ten minutes was driving rapidly along the road, with Mrs. Crummy by his side. Unfortunately, just as they were turn- ing a corner within sight of the house, the buggy was suddenly upset by Fire Engine No. 3, which galloped by without stopping to pick them up. Mr. Butts and Mrs. Crummy were, however, very luckily thrown into a nice soft gutter,—which are not scarce in Sydney, and were unhurt. Mrs. Crummy, with characteristic energy, got upon her feet as quickly as possible, and leaving Mr. Butts to right his buggy, and scrape the mud out of his mouth and ears, she hurried to her house. With difficulty she forced her way through the crowd in front, who were noisily discussing various versions of the cause of alarm; some asserting that Mr. Crummy had murdered Molly, others, that Molly had murdered Mr. Crummy, and some maintaining that there was no murder at all, nor fire neither, but old Crummy had got delirium tremens, and had cut his own throat. Vigorously pushing her way up stairs, Mrs. Crummy entered her chamber, where to her horror and amazement she beheld Mr. Crummy with his face as purple as a beetroot, and very outrageous at being forcibly held down on his bed by two police- men; while half a dozen other policemen stood by, debating what was best to be done, under the mys- terious circumstances. "O, my dear Betsy! bless your little heart!" said Mr. Crummy, bursting into tears when he saw his wife. "I'm so glad you've come home; you shall never, never leave me again. Turn all these fellows out, Betsy dear, what do they want in our bedroom, I should like to know? and what do they mean by treating me like a lunatic? I'm not mad, Betsy, my ducky." "What is the matter, my dear Crummy," asked Mrs. Crummy excitedly; "tell me at once, Gregory dear,—whatever is the cause of all this strange uproar and excitement?" "I don't know I'm sure," whined Gregory, scratching his head, and gazing vacantly about the room;—where's the tray with the pig's chitlings?" "The what?" asked his wife, drawing back a few paces from him in suspicion; "what do you mean, in the name of wonder?" "Why he put the tray of pig's chitlings on your drawers with the nice clean cover, the nasty fellow." "Who did?" enquired Mrs. Crummy, while her widely open eyes and mouth expressed wonder and horror. "How should I know who he is;" replied Gregory wildly, "he was a great big ugly fellow, dipped in blood, and he was going to cut my head off with a carving knife." "Gracious me! he's mad, I do believe," said Mrs. Crummy, wringing her hands, and turning to Mr. Butts who stood behind her, looking as bewildered as if he had just escaped from a bear. "O, Mr. Butts what a dreadful calamity! Policeman, will you run for Dr. Pixide, make haste, pray do." "I don't want the doctor," roared Gregory; "Mrs. Crummy, don't be ridiculous; I'm not mad, I tell you again, but you'll pretty soon make me so, if you treat me in this way. What the dickens is all that hubbub about outside? and how is it you are covered with mud? will somebody tell me what's the meaning of all this? why don't you go away, policeman? what do you mean by staying in my wife's chamber? I'll shoot every one of you if you don't be off directly. Where's my blunderbuss?" "Oh! mercy, mercy!" groaned Mrs. Crummy, "whatever possessed me to leave my house for a night; I shall never forgive myself, never. Where's Molly Koddles?" "She's in the watchhouse, ma'm," replied a police- man gravely, "Watchhouse! What on earth is she there for?" gasped Mrs. Crummy, more than ever bewildered. "Why, I seized her as she was rushing from the house, covered in blood, and apprehended her on sus- picion of murder." "Of murdering whom?" asked Mrs. Crummy." "I don't know at present, ma'am, and I confess the whole affair is an enigma to me. There were alarm- ing cries of murder issuing from the house, about an hour ago; and when we broke in we found the master under the bed rolled up in the mosquito cur- tains, and heaps of broken furniture about the room; but the old gentleman has been so cranky ever since, that we have been unable to elicit anything like an explanation." "Good gracious!" sighed Mrs. Crummy, "what a dreadful mystery! but what are the fire engines here for?" "I don't believe they were wanted at all ma'am; for although there were loud cries of fire heard from a back window, I have not seen or smelt any fire yet. I think the engines may go home." "Oh my dear Gregory! do pray explain this hor- rible tragedy; what does it all mean? I'm distracted; what is it my pet?" "I don't know, I don't know," whined Gregory, pressing his hands to his forehead, "I'm distracted too. It's all a frightful illusion, black pudding and bubble and squeak, that's all about it. I'd better have eaten a horse's tail, and a pint of gray peas; or my old gutta percha goloshes; ugh! my very marrow shudders, when I think of those things!" "BIess my soul and body!" exclaimed Mr. Butts, with a woeful shrug, "what a melancholy visitation; and so sudden too. Now my dear Mrs. Crummy, sit down and be as calm as you can, don't ask him any more questions till the doctor comes; it's plain to me his poor head's wrong, his reason is wandering. Hold him tight, policemen." "What do you mean by those remarks, Butts? you big blockhead?" said Gregory fiercely. "It's plain to me you have been wandering about with my wife, in an extraordinary manner; and I shall force you to explain to me what brought you here, in the middle of the night, with Mrs. Crummy, and both of you be- daubed from eyes to toes with black mud; you ought to be ashamed of yourself, for treating your friend's wife in such a disgraceful way. I was a goose for leaving my wife, I can see that plainly enough now; but I'll have satisfaction out of you, old Butts, as sure as my name's Crummy; I'll punch your head to- morrow." "Oh! dear, dear, dear!" sobbed Mrs. Crummy, as she sank into an easy chair, almost overcome with her excitement;" my poor dear Crummy! whatever has happened to him? what shall I do?" "What are you crying for Betsy, you ninny?" vociferated Mr, Crummy; "there's nothing the matter with me I tell you; go and wash your face; then kick all this rabble out of the room, and stop that horrible racket outside, and then I'll tell you all I know about this diabolical disturbance, and that will be precious little. I'm as bothered as if I were in a boiler maker's workshop, with all this inexplic- able hubbub. Egad! let me get out, I'll soon stop that yelling outside, I'll warrant;" he exclaimed, as he suddenly forced himself from his keepers, and rushed into the front balcony, from whence he shouted at the top of his voice to the assembled multitude be- low him. "What on earth do you mean by kicking up this row in front of my house in the middle of the night? You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Go away I say. every one of you, this moment, or I'll have you taken up; confound your impudence! what do you mean by it?" "Hooray! there's old Crummy in his shirt;" shouted a leading voice in the crowd. "Throw him over and we'll skin him; the blood- thirsty old bad- ger, to go and murder poor Molly Koddles." "What do you mean by that? you rascal," roared Mr. Crummy in a rage. "That's libellous; catch that fellow for me, some of you, and I'll prosecute him with the utmost rigour of the law; the wicked story- teller; I never touched old Molly Koddles in my life. Go away I say, everybody, this very minute." "Yah, hoo!" yelled the mob; "heave the door scraper at his head," cried the previous speaker. "If you dare touch my door scraper I'll— "Come inside my good friend," said Dr. Pixide, going into the balcony, and gently leading Mr. Crummy inside the room, then closing the windows. There now, sit you down on the sofa quietly, and tell me what's the matter; let me feel your pulse." "Matter? why there's nothing at all the matter with me, doctor," said Mr. Crummy, "only I'm half crazy with all this noise and nuisance around me. Fire engines, and a hooting, insolent mob outside; and my bewildered wife, and that booby Butts—dirty as ditchcasters—with a whole squad of policemen inside, trying to persuade me that I'm mad; bother them all I say! I'd as soon be shut up in a house chock full of tomcats, that I would. Just go and get me my breeches, doctor, will you? I'm shivering, and I feel as if I'd swallowed a live eel." "I can explain part of this mystery, I daresay," continued Mr. Crummy, when the doctor returned with his apparel, "and I would have done so an hour ago if they would have allowed me to speak quietly, and not held me down on my bed like a maniac. I've had a horrible fit of nightmare, that's all I know about it, positively; but I suppose I roared out a little in my sleep, and that gawky noodle, Molly Koddles, confound her! has alarmed the whole city. I foolishly ate a pound of blackpudding and a dish- ful of fried cabbage, for supper last night, and I'm not used to such rich meals at bedtime; but I'll take care never to eat another hearty supper, especially off black pudding, while my name's Gregory; no, not even if the mayor and aldermen should invite me to one of their banquets. Now that's all I can tell you, doctor, you must enquire of somebody else if you want to know any more." "I see, I see," said the doctor smiling; I think I understand it all now, and there is no serious mis- chief done. Sit you here quietly for a few minutes Mr. Crummy, while I go and explain matters to the folks in the next room." So the doctor, went and ex- plained; Mrs. Crummy's fears were soon appeased, and by degrees her nerves recovered their tone. The police inspector sent one of his men to release Molly from the watchhouse, and another to dismiss the fire engines. The clamorous mob slowly dispersed, some of them rather disappointed that there was neither fire nor murder. A few of them got a sort of inkling of the origin of the alarm; but as the news was spread from group to group, it got varied and distorted into a dozen different shapes; the majority, of the crowd believing that the real cause of the row was, old Crummy got drunk, and beat his poor wife blue with a black pudding. * * * * Just for "once and a way," I humour my imagin- ation, by recording a few of its vagaries; at the same time I feel conscious that it is not a wise appropria- tion of time. Now, whether I was asleep or awake, I am uncertain, but certain I am, that the foregoing fancies flitted through my excited brain last night, as I lay on my restless couch, after eating an unusually hearty supper of cold stewed peaches, so I think I will resolve, like Mr. Crummy, to eat no more hearty suppers, for I believe them to be, very often, ter- ribly subversive of refreshing slumbers. Darlinghurst, 7th March, 1863, MORE HIGHWAY ROBNERY.—On Saturday last as many as seven draymen were stopped on the road near Solitary, by two armed men, and commanded to turn their faces towards the bush. One of the rascals stood behind the carriers, pointing a revolver, and threatening that if any one of them turned his head, he should at once be shot down. The other villain then rifled the pockets of the draymen, from whom he took the sum of £33 odd; one of the carriers who, we apprehend, appeared to the highwaymen only as a "mate" luckily escaped an overhauling; his prin- cipal, however, lost the only cash he had which amounted to £2 10s., whilst the lucky and unsus- pected mate was neglected, and came off without the loss of a shilling, though he had £90 in cash on his person.—Bathurst Free Press. THE SEASON.—The timely fall of rain in January and February has caused some of the fruit trees to blossom again, and bear a second crop, in several in- stances equally as large and abundant as the first. This second growth is very general in apple trees, and in the grape vines. We have seen some of the former fully the size of hen eggs, and others of smaller dimensions. The vines at present only show the for- mation, but if the frost keeps off there will doubtless be a much greater development. Unfortunately, the late maize crop, which it was thought would be very abundant, will not yield so much, or be of such a good quality as was at first anticipated, owing to the con- tinued dampness of the season, which will prevent it in many cases coming to maturity before the frost sets in. Some of the lucerne paddocks have, however, yielded within the past four months three crops, and of this and green barley there will be an abundance during the winter. There is plenty of feed every- where, and the country looks admirably.—Tamworth Examiner, April 25. 