BRISBANE. THE FLOOD ON TUESDAY NIGHT. (From the Courier) In our issue of yesterday we gave a hurried account of the disastrous flood by which the town was visited on Tuesday night, but the lateness of the hour and the confusion prevail- ing in the different premises affected by the water prevented us from arriving at a proper estimate of the damages sustained. We now supply as circumstantial account of the matter as it is possible to obtain. The extraordinary nature of the flood caused a strong belief that the dam of the reservoir had given way, and that the water, suddenly released, had poured in a body on the town; this, we need hardly say, was an erroneous I'm- pression. The Improvement Committee of the Municipal Council made an official visit to the reservoir yesterday forenoon, and found it in complete repair. There can be no doubt, therefore, that the flood is attributable mainly to the very heavy fall of rain, and partially to negligence, as we shall describe below. The extent of ground drained by the sewer which runs between Adelaide and Queen streets may be estimated when we state that its water-shed includes a large portion of the Green Hills. When the flood had partly subsided, it was dis- covered that the entrance to the covered sec- tion, near Edward-street, was completely choked up with fragment of wood, empty cases, casks, straw, and rubbish of all kinds. Some of the residents in the adjoinining stores, upon dis- covering this, burst open the sewer and cleared away the obstruction, and the water rapidly passed away. It is more than likely that if this sewer had been kept free from rubbish, a con- siderable amount of damage and loss would have been avoided. Daylight yesterday morn- ing brought to view a strange scene, in which several of the storekeepers of Queen-street were prominent actors — clearing out and removing goods, bailing out water, and removing the thick deposit of mud which had been I'm- partially distributed in every house the water penetrated. A valuable consignment of goods by the Wanata, received by Mr. Kingsford, which was lying in the lower storey of his house, was thoroughly saturated; and during the course of the day whole bales of drapery, linen, blankets, &c.;, were taken out and ex- posed to the sun in the back yard, while the counters of his spacious shop were covered with piles of half-dried goods. The water mark in his lower rooms does not exceed five feet, and this might be taken as the average height at- tained by the flood throughout the rest of the block. In Mr. Bulcock's store a quantity of bran (about four tons), hay, and corn had become worse than useless, causing a niost unpleasant odour when it began to ferment. The rooms in Markwell's buildings, occupied by Mr. Slaughter, were filled with water to a great height. In the lower rooms of Mr. Millar, s shop, a small quantity of stationery was damaged, but of course the main portion of his stock was out of danger. Mr. Illidge's boot and shoe shop was damaged, but the exact amount of injury inflicted is not yet known. The loss sustained by Mr. Costin is not as great as was at first supposed. A quantity of flour had been stored in the, lower room, and of course it could not be removed until daylight ; but a well-packed bag of flour might lie for a day or two under water without suffering any great amount of damage- A comparatively small figure will cover Mr. Costin's losses. The cellars under the City Auction Mart appear to have resisted the pressure of the waters very well. We understand that some families living in Adelaide-street wete flooded out of their houses, and that they took refuge in the old wooden school-house on Spring Hli). The wooden tenements at the corner of Albert and Adelaide streets had a narrow escape from inundation — the water rising to the level of the veraidah floors, and then subsiding. The culvert at the junction of the two streets just mentioned has been slightly damaged. A horse, in passing over it, suddenly broke through a thin crust of earth, and discovered a large hole at the side of the logs forming the culvert. The water, in rushing past, had forced its way through the crevices between the logs, and gradually worked out the superincumbent earth. A number of corporation labourers were em- ployed in repairing the injury yesterday after noon. When the flood was at its height the area between Adelaide-street and the reservoir was one sheet of water ; and by the marks it has left we ascertain that at that time the water was eighteen inches above the bank of the reservoir, inundating the keeper's house. As before stated, the reservoir has sustained no damage whatever. Fortitude Valley, although partially flooded, escaped without injury. The watercourse below Wickliam-street was swollen to a great height, and Brunswick-street was for some time impassable, being covered to the height of two feet. Windmill bridge was also covered, but the open country beyond that might have ac- commodated a greater quantity of water with out any immediate damage to property. At South Brisbane, beyond the amount of mud consequent upon the "pluvial visitation," we believe that no inconvenience has resulted to the inhabitants. The Wreck of the Prikceza.- — Messrs. Muir. and Lowe, purchasers of the wreck of the Princeza, on arriving at Amity Point, on Thursday, the 19th instant, found that the vessel had been turned bottom up- wards' and had all her top sides carried away by the hefivy sea running in shore. They, succeeded in floating the hull, and attempted to tow her into a less exposed part of the bay, but the gale increasing they found it impossible to do so, it being difficult even to bring in the Lady Bowen, in which craft they had gone down, to a place of temporary safety. The wreck was therefore, cast off, and was shortly after again driven ashore near the Heads at the south entrance of the bay. But a very small portion of her cargo has been saved, which the Customs' authorities have taken in charge. During the night of Friday the 20th. the Lady Bowen was torn from her anchorage and being driven on shore was totally lost. A cutter named the Schnapper, which with a raft of timber in charge, was at anchor at the mouth of the Brisbane, was also driven ashore, and dashed to pieces, whilst the raft breaking up. the timber was carried out to sea. A fine, Whale-boat, the Abergeldy, and another, the Bunya Bunya, were likewise lost. The gale, raging even on shore and in the most sheltered parts of the bay was of tremendous violence, and fears were entertained for the safety of the lantern and its occupants. We understand that all the rigging, and gear belonging to the foremast of the Pririceza has been recovered, and that notwithstanding the effects of the gale property to a considerable amount has been saved by the purchasers.— Isid. A man named Thomas Webb, who had been despatched to the bay to paint the Cape Moreton lighthouse, was drowned while at- tempting to make his escape in the Spitfire during the gale on Friday. The vessel was dragging her anchors, and the crew were com- pelled to take to the boat. Webb, who was with them, lost his life by some mischance, the particulars of which have notcome to hand.— The force of this gale, before referred to, was severely felt at the pilot station on Moreton Island. The roof of the boat house was partly blown off, and the lighthouse keepers refused to remain in the lantern, fearful that the build- ing would be blown down. A whaleboat lying on the beach was blown along the sands for some distance; the cutter Schnapper, with a raft of pine in tow, was lost; and a whaleboat, the property of Mr. Hannam, was stove in at the south entrance.—IBID Sale ou Cotton. — -TJie.infprmatiou contained in our telegram in yesterday's paper, that 30 bales of cotton, ex Centurion, had realised 29. 6£d. per pound in England, must be very satisfactory to the proprietors of plantations, and encouraging to all, great and small, engaged iu the cultivation of cotton in this colony. We understand that these BO-bales formed the first half of these Booval Cotton Company's crop of last year, and were ginned and prepared for market on that company's estate near Ipswich. The gross return on this shipment, including the government bonus (already received), will amount to nearly £1450. The crop for the present ysar at Booval is expected to reach 150 bales ; the plants look remarkably well, and the yield per acre will be good, unless a continuance of the wet and boisterous weather that has lately prevailed should interfere seriously with pick ing operations.- — ]eid. . The Executive have decided that James M'Guinness, who was sentenced to death at. the last Maryborough assizes, for the crime.of mur der, 'shall suffer the extreme penalty of the. law on the 8th pfrSsimo. When the final announce ment was made to the' unhappy mail, lie Was seized with a fit, and remained insensible for some time.' It' appears that he is subject to attacks of this nature. — Ibid. On Monday evening last, about eleven o'clock,. the good citizens of Brisbane were startled by the breaking-out of a fire in Lower C Queen-street. From the information we coulcPSa gather, it appears, that the fire was first observed in Mr. E. Binney's general provision store, and the wooden structure kindling rapidly, the' flames soon extended to the adjacent 7shop (built of brick with shingled roof) occupied by Mr. Bryden, cabinet maker and upholsterer, and also to a small wooden tenement in the rear, which was occupied as a dwelling.' Mr. Binney's place was burnt to the ground, and we do not know if aught of tbe goods it con tained was saved. Indeed :we are informed that even Mr. Binney's books have been destroyed. Of Mr. Bryden's' shop only the' bare walls' are left standing. The little house in the rear is also completely destroyed; and bo, also, is Mr. Richardson's shop— .pulled down.— Ibid. The Rockhampton correspondent of the Courier says: — William James Macdonald, husband of the woman who cut her- thrpat here a short time since, and also husband of the ro tund dame who used and ought still to be called Mother Wakefield, has in liis turn giveh up the ghost, and gone to render an account to his Maker. The funeral takes place to-day. This is the end of Mrs. Wakefield's fourth '.husband (so I hear). 