COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. WESTBURY. [From a Correspondent.] The Right Rev. Dr. Willson,, Roman Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town, administered the sacrament of Confirmation to 115 postu. lants in the Catholic Church here on Sunday. last. The scene was most edifying and im pressive, and well calculated to excite a feeling of brotherly love among Christians of every denomination. The church was crowded from an early hour, and among the congregation were many of our separated brethren, whose decorum and attention during the proceedings are above all praise. The females (comprising by far the larger portion) all "robed in spot. less white," walked in procession (two and two) from Mrs. Allen's schoolroom to the Church, and occupied the seats reserved .for them on the right front of the altar-the boys being previously placed upon the left. The whole of the internal arrangementsr were faultless, and reflect great credit upon the Rev. J. Hogan, who has been most assiduous for the last two months in catechising and otherwise preparing the intended recipients for this solemn ceremony. At the conolusion of the Holy Sacrifice, and after bestowing the Episcopal Benediction upon the congregation, his Lordship delivered a most eloquent, lucid, and porspicuous address explanatory of the in. stitution, intention, and obligations of the Sacrament, taking as his textzActs xiii. v. 14 to 17-" Now. when the Apostles who were in Jerusalem had heard that Samaria had ro. coived the Word of God, they sent to them Peter and John. . . Who when they wero come prayed for them that they might receivo thoe Holy Ghost. . . For heo was not yet come upon any one of thom ; but they were only baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. . . Then they laid their hands upon them, and they received the Holy Ghost." His Lordship then administered the Holy Sacrament to the long array of postu lnots; and thus concluded the faith-inspiring solemnities of Sunday, the 1st day of March, 1863, which, will be long re. membored as a red-letter day by the Catholic inhabitants of Westbury. I have this day had the pleasureoof inspect ing the steam flour-mills lately ereoted on this township byMr.W. Mt. Dean. The whole estab. lishment-including engine, smutting and dressingmanchines, &o.-is; the most' compact and complete that I have over seeoon, and con sequently turns out first-class flour. I cer taintly consider that Mr. Dean is fullydeserv ing of the patronago and support of the inhabitants of this district for having thus effoctually supplied a long-felt want. The crops up here this year are miserably poor, and will not, in my opinion (and Ispeak experimentally) average more than fourteon bushels per acre of wheat, and eighteen 'of oats-which, in conjunction' with , present prices, is a poor prospect for the agrioulturail interest. 