TEE HAPPIEST LAND IN EUROPE. (PROM THE SPECTATOR ) On the right bank of the Rhine, surrounded by the spurs of the Pennian Alps, in wondrous ro mantic scenery, lies a country which may well be called the happiest in Europe. It is a mo narchy, yet has no budget, no public debt, no standing army, no poBtly navy, no beggars, no bishops, no nolles, no bureaucracy, no prime ministers, and no income-tax collectors. The people of this felicitous realm live in peace and contentment, for there never was more than one lawyer among them, who drowned himself, years ago, in a fit of ennui ; and most of them grow to a bale old age, out of sheer ignorance and for want of doctors. The name under which this ex traordinary country is set down on the maps of the world, is the Principality of Lichtenstein. In the dull books of geography, which profess to sketch the earth and the fulness thereof, the land of Lichtenstein is described as an inde pendent State of South Germany, having an area of forty- two and a-half square miles, a population of 7,313 inhabitants, and furnishing a contingent of fifty-five men and one drummer to the army of the Teutonic Confederation. The most recent investigations have shown, however, that these statistics are very nearly fabulous. Lichtenstein is certainly quite an independent country among the States of the world ; but its population is proved to consistof but 7,160 souls, while, owing to the tre cherous movements of the old river Rhine, the area of the monarchy cannot be a .'.raitted to be more than thirty nine and three-quarters square miles, English measure. Aa to the Ger manic army of fifty-five men, it never existed but on paper, and even the solitary drummer must be declared, after deep critical researches, to be as great a myth as the sea-Berpent. The false rutnor of the army with the diummer pro bably arose fiom the lact of the sovereign pos; seBsing some three score livery servants, who were fond of parading the 8 reets of the city of Vaduz, the metropolis of Lichtenstein, during the occasional sojourn of Prince John. This temporary residence has recently become a notable matter in the history of Lichtenstein ; for it occasioned a revolution in the happy little principality not many weeks ago, and brought into existence the neweBt constitution in Europe. The people of Lichtenstein declare that they are fond of their Sovereign, and it must b said that they have every reason to be so. They do not pay him a single farthing in the way of civil list, or any other kind of income j but they expect him to spend a fair sha-e of his private property within the realm over which he has the honor to rule. On a lofty rock on the right bank of the Rhine, high above the city of Vaduz, stands the old Castle of L:.chtenstein, somewhat in ruins in the upper part, but sti 1 habitable in the lower ; and it has always been the earnest desire of the subjects of the naw reigning Prince, John II , that he should reside in this mansion as all his ancestors did. Hia Highness, a young man of only twen'.y-two, gay and unmarried, refused to accede to this reques', arguing that he had a right to spend his money where he liked. Besides, he maintained that the old castle of his ancestors was haunted by the ghost of the crazy lawyer who had drowned himself in the neighboring Rhine, and that it was, therefore, no longer a 'fit resi dence for a sovereign prince, Nevertheless, out of sincere affection for his beloved subjects, John II. expressed his willingness to send his three Bcore and odd footmen f r a month or two in the year to Vaduz, tn enliven the hearts of the fifteen hundred inhabitants of the metropolis, and show them the latest fashions from Vienna. It seemed a fair off.r on the part of an independent sove reign who has got no civil list ; but the people of Lichtenstein, nevertheless, refused to listen to it. The agitation continued, growing to such an extent, that at last the Parliament of the country had to take the subject in hand. The national representation of Liuhtenstein — consist- ing, in virtue of a Constitution granted by the predecessor of John, on November 9, 1818, of an Upper and a lower House, the former boasting three life peers elected by the clergy j the latter, eleven, deputies, chosen by all citizsns worth two thpusand florins, and, aB particularly ordered by the law, ' not quarrelsome', assembled accordingly in the spring of the present year. After some warm debates, both Houses resolved to send a deputation to Prince John II., residing at Vienna, and to request his Highness once more, humbly, yet seriously, to leave the distant capital, and take up his abode among his own subjects. The deputation arrived at Vienna in August last, and was received by tha Prince with the greatest cordiality. A long series of conferences then took place, in which his High ness condescended to explain to his subjects the whole state of the question from his own point of view. He showed them, by numerous briefs and documents, that he was the sole owner of more thaa a dozen mediatized principalities and lord shipB of great extent, comprising the vast domains of Troppau and Jagerndorf, in Upper Silesia, and immense estates in Moravia, miking together an area of 2200 square miles, with a population of 360,000 souls, and an annual revenue of more than two millions of florins. His Highness argued that as the P.incipality of Lich tenstein was happy in not possessing a budget at all, and as his subjects did not think it worth while to pay him for the trouble of governing them, they could have no claim upon his place of sojourn ; and the Prince wound up his state ment by appealing to the good sense of tha de puties, and leaving it to them whether it would be fair to persuado him to reside at the haunted old castle of his ancestors, instead ot in lively Vienna, ro near his vast domains and his really profitable tenants. The arguments were too strong not to convince the deputation, the mem bers of which at length returned to Lichtenstein, to report to the Peers and Commons of the realm. New discussions ensued, the upshot of whioh was an unanimous resolution of the two Houses to elaborate a new Constitution, in conformity with the spiritof the aqe; to which was added a request to Prince John II. to build himself a new Rjyal residence at Vaduz — at his own expense, of course — ani to reside therein during at least part of the year. In the face of such unanimity, and seeing the reasonableness of both demands, with the imminent danger before htm of losing hi3 popu larity, his highneBS conformed to the exptes-e'd wish of his subjects, and, while sending an archi tect to Vaduz, at the same time approved the pro posed national charter of Lichtenstein. The new constitution cama into force on the 15th of Octo ber last, and is held to be by German politicians, the most perfect in the world. The preamble of the new charter recites that the people of Lichten stein are determined to uphold ihe liberty and in dependence of their country, and will obey no laws but those niade by their own representatives in Parliament assembled. This is a thrust at Austria, who is believsd to have influenced the actions of the legitimate soverign for some considerable time. To prevent all recurrence of f.ireign control, the prince for the future must either reside personally in the countrj-, or, during his absence, appoint a governor- general, in whose hands the whole executive force is pliced. The legislative pawer is to be, as before, entirely in the hands of the national Parliament ; but with this important alteration, that there will be only one House of Representatives, consisting of fifteen memberi, three to be chosen by the reigning prince, and the other twelve by the people, in public election. The property qualifications for vjting are consider .bly reduced; but the old condition concerning quarrelsomeness remains intact, and iB to bn more strictly enforced than ever. Moreover, every man who goes to the poll has to give proof that he can read and write, and has received otherwise a fair education, and no person is admitted whose re|Uta;ion is not satisfactory in the opinion of twelve of his neighbors. The Parlia ment thus formed must assemble at least once a year j but it may sit oftener, according to the n cessities of the country. AU high iunctionii, that of tho Sovereign included, are to be hono rary, as before, with the exception of the post of Governor-General, to which is allowed the hand some stipend of 600 florinB, or £60 per annum. Lastly, it is provided that there shall be n« taxes imposed upon the people otherwise than by a vote of three fourths ot the natianal representatives in two successive Parliaments, the second of them expressly elected for this purpose. To conform to the requirements of the Germanic Confederation, of which Lichtenstein is proud to he a member, the fifty-five fighting men, with the drummer, whioh the Principality has to contribute to the Teutonic army of reserve, are henceforth honestly to be kept ready, no', meiely on paper, but in blue and scarlet reality. They are all to be volunteers, however, to prevent even the sha dow of taxa'ion making inroad into the happy land of Lichtenstein. The publication of the Con stitution of Lichtenstein, little more than a week ago has made an immense sensation in Germany, which, as is well known, is }us-t now labouring under rather severe constitutional trials. The subjects of King William I., in particular, look with envious eye upon the charter granted by Prince John II., andmanyof them seemed not in disposed to clamor for something similar in their own country. But what appears to give Bupreme satisfaction to the Germans of all nationalities, from R-juss Sehleiz Greix to Schwa.zburgSon derhausen-Rudolstadt, is tho one-chamber sys tem at present inaugurated in the Principality of Lichtenstein. In the whole of the thi.ty states of the Confederation, without exception, the Cham bers of Lords seemed to have proved failures, in some instances to such a degree that even tht; so- I vereign and his ministers wished to get rid of them as an unmitigated nuisance. The new prin ciple of the LidhfJnstein constitution, therefore, which gives to the monarch the right of election of nearly one fourth of the representatives in lieu of an upper chamber of legislature, ia calculated to gainassent of not a few among the more liberal rulers of Germany. Prince John II , of the house of L3te — the same house from which our own royal family trace their descent — has alreadily worthily begun the exercise of his new political privilege. Before even the peopla of his principality have chosen their twelve representatives, he had named the three deputies, the selection of which the constitution left to him. The trio are declared, by universal consent, to be in every respect the most worthy men in tho country. One of them is the former professor, now minister, Anthony Gmeloh, a man well known through the whole of Germany for his eminent litetary attainments. ' A new era i3 dawning upon LichtenBtein,' ex claims an Augsburg journal, discussing the Con stitution and these nominations. The ' era ' ia very microscopic, no doubt, and its elements are not without a t-hadc of the ludicrous ; but there is iilso not a little in it that is extremely serious, and worthy of atten'ion. It may seem to many that Lichtenstein remains more than ever the happiest land in Europe. Iron olad Navies. — Mr Donald M'Kay, the American shipbuilder, furnishes to the Boston Commercial Bulletin an interesting account of the iron-clad vessels of England and France. France has 10 iron-cased fluting batteries, 4 lerge iron frigates, a?id 2 rams, and has on the Blocks 10 iron frigates and 4 batteries, which can be com pleted in one year, if necessary. The English have 6 iron frigates, but are building 7 iron ships, and are casine 6 or 6 ships with iron. Mr M'Kay thinks these French and English Bhips altogether superior to the Aunrican Monitors, which he says cannot livain a heavy seaway, and a heavy frigate would run them down. Mr M'Kay says : — 'If we compare with these immense flaets the iron cased navy of the United States impartially, we have to acknowledge that in case of a war with either of the above Powers we should have to keep entirely on the defensive, to submit to a disgraceful blockade, and to leave our merchant ships all over the globe to the mercy of our enemy. AU the Monitors which we are building by the dozen are very well to defend our harbors, but they are entirely unfit to bieak a blockade or to act on the high seas ; for to say that these vessels are good seaboats, or suit able for men to live in, is simply ridiculous, in which statement I shall be upheld by all ex perienced sailors and shipbuilders of any note. With their very light draught of water these Monitors never can obtain a high degree of speed, and if ever they should fall in with any of the large frigates in deep water they will be terribly handled, and in all probability run down. Do not think lhat this could not be done because the Merrimac failed in her attempt to run down the Monitor. She struck with a speed of three or four knots, or even not as much as that, but a mass of 6000 to 6000 tons in weight, driven at a speed of 12 to 14 knots, would give a different result. Of all the iron caBed ships that we have, the only one that might successfully cope with the large English frigates is the Ironsides, built in Philadelphia. She is well planned, and her practical construction very well executed, but her speed is too low to use the good points of the vessel to advantag', and the way of fastening her plates will not stand the test of a heavy cannon - | ade ; fsr in the experiments made in England with armour plates, similarly fastenened by screw bolts screwed in from the inside, the bolts broke off short on tho inside of the plate when ever a heavy shot struck the plate near such bolts. It is satisfactory to know that Mr Webb ha-. got a contract for building an iron cased ship according to his own plans. He cer tainly will produce something able to compete with any European frigate.' In conclu-ion, Mr M'Kay suggests the construction for the Northern navy of 20 to 30 f.ist iron-cased shell- proof cor vettes, of about 10 to 12 heavy guns each, and of a moderate draught of wate:, with high speed ; and about 20 to 30 50-gun frigates, not ca-ed, for foreign service, and as many sloops of 14 to 24 guns, of the highest speed obtainable, so that they may be enabled to strike unexpected blows and to evade their iron-cased adversaries, which never will obtain the same high speed at sea as can be given fo them. Geographical Course op Pestilential Dis ease in 1861-62. — At the opening meeting of the present session of the Epidemiological Society, on the evening of the 3rd inst., Dr. Babington, F.R S., president, in the chair, a narrative was read by Dr Milroy, of the progress of some of the chief peetilencts which which have prevailed dur ing the last twelve months, in foreign and dis tant crun'.ries of the world. The cholera has con tinued to rage in ma iy parts of India, especially in t ie North- West Provinces. Peshawar. Kobat, and va ious other places suffered severely during tbe summer. About the same time, Cabul, Can dahar, and other distri ts to the west of the In dies were infected, and the scourge was also pre sent in Uusorah, at the head of the Persian Gulf, and in the Pashalic of Bagdad, along the course of the Tigris. Towards the end of 1861 it broke out at Bombay, and since then it has appeared in may parts of that Presi dency, more especially in the malarious provinces of Guzerat. Sev ral places also in the Daccan, intermediate between Bombay and Madras suf fered. In Cochin China the French troops had been very sickly, and numerous dea'hs had arisen from cholera. In China proper and also in Japan the pestilence had been extremely fatal ; the mor tality in Shanghai and Pekin and in Nagasaki, and other townB in the latter country is said to have been very great. A fatal outbreak occurred during the 'summer at Jeddah, on the Red Sea, and vast numbers of the Moslem pilgrim* perishe l. In the Western hemisphere the yellow fever has been very fatal in many plicas in the Cirio bean Gulf. Soon after the landing of the allied forces at Vera Cruz, it ap peared among the Spanish, French, and British Boldiers, and caused great mortality. In our small force of aboul 600 m™, upwards of 60 were swept away in less than two months, and as there was every prospect of the disease increasing as the summer heats advanced, it was wisely determined to re- embark the marines and remove them to a c 'oler climate. The 1 jssbs among the French and Spanish forces are believed to have been very large, bu' no authentic statement has been published. During tho present summer Havannah and Nas sau, in New Providence, one of the Bahama Is lands, seem t '. have been the chief seats of this malignant tropical fever j several of our skips of war and many of our . merchant vessels suffered severely. On the West Coast of Africa, which many persons have fancied to be the birthplace, in the first instance, of: yellow fever, it prevailed with great fatality at s veral points on the Gjld and Ivory Coasts which have hitherto eseapea i s visitations, at least for many years past. Loango also, and other places to the south of the Equator, are taid to have been in fected during the year. A short history of an extremely sev- re and long- persistent epidemio of typhus fever in Iceland during the last few vears was then given. A paper on ' Anomalous Exanthema' was also read by Dr B, W. Richard son. At the next meeting of the society, an account of the principal epidemic and epi zootic riiseaaes during the last twelve months in Great Britain will bo cimmunicated by Mr J. N. Radcliffe. Titn nAaritirtrt publishes a wiodcut represent ing Oid F-ither Time, 1 -oking on with great satis faction at a figure intended to represent America , whioh is in the act of taking up and swallowing a j number of armed men, belonging to both the ; Federal and Confederate forces. Underneath is 1 i inscribed a line declaring that Old Saturn beholds 1 with pleasure that he ia not the only one that i devour* hia children. ] 