The Patekt Ghost. — Modern re searches in spiritualism have led to one practical result- the discovery of a ghost Nut of an ordinary old-fashioned ghost, appearing in the midnight hour to people with a weak digestion, hauntini; graveyards and old country mansions, and in spiring romance-writers into the mischief of three volume novels; but of a well-beliaveil, steady, regular, and respectable gliost going through a prescribed round of duties, punctual to the minute —a Patent Ghost in fact This admirable ghost is the oflspringof two fathers, of a learned meinlier of the Society of Civil Engineers, Mr. Henry Dircks, and of Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic. To Mr. Dircks belongs the' honour of having invented him, or, as the disciples of Hegel would express it evolved him from out of the depths of his own consciousnes ; and Professor Pepper has the merit of having improved him considerably, fitting him for the intercourse of mundane society, and even educating him for the stage. After having bowed to the Polytechnic Institution, be some weeks ago made his debfi-l upon the boards of the Britannia Theatre, in a new and highly original drama, entitled, 'The Widow and Orphans— Faith, Hope, and Charity.' in which pica' he continues to present himself nightly to crowded audiences with the greatest imaginable success. * * * Presently the vast house sinks into obscurity, only a few nickering gas-jets being left here and there to create a faint twilight .Once again Sir Gilbert Northlaw steps upon the stage, closely followed by— a skeleton. The apparition is certainly striking. It gradually and almost imperceptibly evolves itself out of the air, and after various movements vanishes with the rapidity of a flash of lightning. A second time it comes and goes as before, and immediately after appears a female form, the exact counterpart of Faith, the widow. Close as the eye may watch the operation of the whole proceeding, it is im possible to detect the source of the line optical delusion. There the figure certainly stands, walks, and talks; but disappears as instantaneously us if fashioned out of the mere vapour of the air. On the second appearance of widow Faith, or rather widow Faith's ghost Sir Gilbert Northlaw takes courage, and, rising from his seat attacks her with the sword. lUit the sharp steel, aimed at a walk ing and speaking human hgure, meets no resistance hut the empty air, and the would-be murderer is mocked by a loud sardonic ha, ha, hal This is the crisis of the spectacle. While the baronet is making desperate ellorts to grasp the widow, the spectre vanishes in the twinkling of an eye. leaving the echo of a mocking voice resounding from afar. Whatever the means by which this curious scene is ellected, it is undoubtedly a most clever and wonderfully striking bit of sla^e-eil'ect. Those in want of a new sensation can do nothing better at the present moment than pay a visit to the Britannia Theatre and to the 'Patent Ghost'— Spectutor. A Docroit in Difficulties. — The Guardian says :— ' At the late commemoration at Oxford the degree of D.C.L. was conferred on many distinguished persons. Dr. Travcrs Twist; presented each candidate in turn, setting forth his claims to distinction in Latin. 11 is was not an easy task, as frequent interruptions came from the undergraduates in the galleries, and a running fire of comments on the personal looks or ante cedents of the candidates. The learned doctor's sesquipedalian superlatives, too, tried the 'gods' verv sorely. Once, as in his description of the Duke of Newcastle, he was pausing to take breath after the words rcipitbliae waervantiuimn* studio smimmqne, a voice from above took up the sentence with an *ct TrarersTwmimus'—amtidi relished joke. On the same occasion the Chan cellor called on Mr. Mitchell, the Public Orator, to deliver the Crewian oration in Memory of founders and benefactors. This, the oritiiiv.d object of the commemoration, the galleries would not have at all. The good-humoured oratnr, iieois turned to the feeling against him, delivered him self by snaUhes as best he uuglit. It was, of course, impossible to follow what he said. The wildest chair seemed as always reserved for his special benefit His somewhat animated coun tenance elicited the accusation, ' He's nulling facos nt the Chancellor,' 'Shame, shame;' and when Lord Derby's grave countenance relaxed into u smile, the slender token was loudly interpreted for the orator's benefit by 'TI12 Chancellor's a laughing at you.' Mr. Mitchell is not a Cossius of lean anil ]iun(,Ty look, but one of those men whom Cif.sar prayed to have about him, and thus the exertion of delivering his bit in oration, the heat of the theatre, and a tardily roused but justifiable indignation against his jicrsecutors, raised the natural glow of his pleasant face to a perceptible degree. 'Oh, dear; lie's going to faint ;' was the alarm given. 'Pat him on the back,' the remedy suggested. 'Give him a glass of water' screamed another. 'Oh, no; he never takes it1 was the despairing reason for abandoning that remedy.' Gigantic Vkgltaiile. — This is unques tionably the year for vegetables of enormous growth. Scarcely a week passes but some speci men is submitted for our examination. A day or two since Mr, Seryoant, the solicitor, sent to pur ofiicc a monster carrot of the Tasiuanian species. We found it to weigh seven pounds, to be 23 inches round in the thickest part, and 16' inches long. It was grown in Mr. Sergeant's garden, North Yass. As it is that gentleman's intention to replant this specimen we could not apply the test of boiling for the purpose of ascertaining the quality, but on tinting a small piece in its raw state we found it to be well flavoured and crisp.— Yass Conner. ' The Hace between Dkerkoot and the English Champions. — This event as we briefly announced yesterday, came oil' on Monday. This beine the last race in England of the cele* brated Deerfoot his admirers nail great faith in h'u powers of endurance, and gave him some hearty cheers when he made his appearance on the ground, enveloped In a lion's skin, forming a some what grotesque and conspicuous ligure amidst the donse crowds immediately surrounding him. J. White (the Gateshead clipper) and Lang (Crow catcher) also came in for a fair share of applauso when they mtde their appearanco. The compe titors were Deerfoot, White, Lung the ten-mile champion, Sta.ploton the one-mile champion, the indomitable Sam Barker, the unwearying Harry Andrews, and the speedy W. Richards. Shortly after the announced time, the men were started, mid In a moment White took the lead, followed within a yard by Lang, Barker following some 10 yards behind, and Deerfoot running innnediately behind him while Andrews and 1'ichards brought up the rear. In the second round, Deerfoot took the third position, and continued in this place following White and Lang, who from the starting so accurately retained their speed and distance from each other that they seemed to move by clockwork, till they gained the 23rd lap, or three miles, when, to the astonishment of all present, and the disgust no doubt of his backera, Deerfoot, from some cause that did not appear, gave up running. At this juncture it was clear that the contest would close between White and Lang, who, apparently regardless of all that was going on around, rigidly maintained their clockwork movements until they gained the 4fth lap, or seven miles, when Lang fell out, leav ing of course White the winner. He, however, had, as we have just said, to continue his clockwork business till he had run the 10 miles, as there were still two opponents in the field. Richards and Andrews, tne former having made one lap, and the latter two, and the race resulted as follows:— J. White first, who wins a splendid lielt with 40 guineas; Richards second, and Andrews third, both of whom get money prizes. Tho raco, which we believe is the swiftest on record, was run in 62 minutes 14 seconds. The betting at starting was even on Lane against the field. White was in splendid condition, and ran throughout with a prace and ease that elicited much admiration.— Munditster Weekly Tirnct. British Colonies. — The following para graph give? a short and curious summary of the colonial empire of Great Britain:— 'The colonies of Great Britain comprise altogether X&KWi; square miles, and cost us for management £3,350,000 per annum, or just about £1 a mile. They have an aggregate revenue of £11,000, and owe among them £27,000, or just two years and a half s inocme. They imp»rt goods to the amount of£00,000, 000 yearly-half from ourselves, and half from all the rest of the world. They export pro duce to thcyalueof £50,000,0 0. of which three-fifths come to this kingdom ; and all this is done by a population which is under 10,000,000 in tho aggre gate and of which only 5.O0C.O00 are whites.' Add to these figures 990,001) square miles for India, and 200.000,000 people, with a trade of £71,000,000, and we nave as a result that the Queen reigns over nearly one-third of the land of the earth, and nearly a fourth of its population. If a British Vizier under the Emperor should, as seems probable, rule C'Mna, Englismeu will directly control more than half the human race. Feabful Expression. — A man named Hunter was charged by a policeman at Marl borough with stealing some oats. Hunter, how ever, denied it most strongly, and called to God to strike him dead if he had done it when he immediately fell to the ground in a kind of fit and remained in a state of insensibility far about five minutes. He afterwards confessed his guilt— Sytinty Empire, July 11. 