HUNTING. HIE 7MEI,IIOUbi'wk nn* 'There's joyjn tho morn, when tho sound of the Proclaims it a hunting day; rhorn And master and man strive nil that thoy can To show a good field tho way I' Dear Bell,— Last Snturd»y was the opening fixturo of tho senson, nnd you may be suro that a Inrgo muster of regulars ns well as outsiders attended at tho tryBt. Mr. Watson nnd his pick wcro nt iur. jioars gale soon after nino, and a flush of excitement pnssed over the faco of each sportsman as ho looked aroncd the assembled group of well turnod out ' pinks,' clover horses, nnd conditioned hounds. Tho morning was beau tiful—in fact, too beautiful for good hunting ; nnd tho ranker, theroforo, hurried away to work beforo thn almost summer eun could dry up tho dew. Ab the cavalcade— consisting of sonic sixty horseniet — moved forward, tho eight wns qtilto imposing to those unaccustomed to tho M. H. C. gatherings, whilst to the habitues it was equally gladdening to recognise so many 'old familiar fncea' and Buck n considorablo eprinkling of 'now blood.'? Amongst tho oroas-cdunlry nogs wora several of approved famo fn tho field, —to wit, Blnckboy, lonking as woll oh ever, undor tho master ; Litilo Wonder, Hnmblcr, Prince Albert, Kildare, Youog Hoctror, Jack up tlio Orchard, St. Clnir, and Dominio. Amongst tlio horses ' fresh cntcrod to hounds' may bo named GuyFawkes, a well known ttecplcehaser from Bceohwortb, and Nonsense, a jumper from tho wostwnrd. Ab the outlying door that was to iurnijli us sport was known to frequent the vino yard nnd'nardons near Mr. Boar's homestead, tho master pnrtieulaily requested bo ono to follow him nnd tl-o whip over tho enclosures, whon tho hounds wore thrown forward to draw covert; for it would have been very unfair to damage tho fences and crops, niter Mr. Bear'd liberality In allowing access. Having given this notice, with n 'merry twang of his horn' Mr. WnUson threw the entror paok forward, nnd ho and Fred popped over tho vineyard fenco to cheer on tho drawing. ?'??«« '''tj m«w buu uurtiuun UUIU tJUVU LU null ? lUF in next to no timo n whimper and chollcDge was heard, that told tbo quarry was at band ; and in a brace of shakes nfino..doe bounded out of a high crop of malio, making her wayaeriiaa tho paddcckstOwardntheMBrri Creek; TVIthahurst of music tho bounds dashed away on hor trail, and tho pace becnino immedi itely about thirty miles an hour for the horBomcrj; After running about a milo up tbecreck, tho deer tnrnod to the loft, crossed tho road near Mr. Dunn's houso, roso tho hill,, nnd then bended towards Heidelberg. Sho changed her mind, however, not far from tho township, and led the chorusing pack and raoine cavnliert across the road, near tho cutting, desnriblng n clroumbondibns of four or five miles back to tho starting point. The Bcent now be came bad, the pack having all they could, do to pick it up, and tho doo managed to steal n maroh towards tho Darebiu Creok. By tho tirao hor lino w»s fnirly picked up, sho had got well; away, and a long run over tho country towards' Pen tridgo was anticipated, when, on roaohlng tho road, it wns found that a dog had pinned her close to tho Davebin Croek publlohouec, and she wa? soon dostroyed. Not many of tho field wero up, tho fencing being protty sovere for tboso who Hdo straight, and tho paco too fast to allow any Iobs of time umoDg the hesilators. Thoro were no particular spills to tell of, though Bomo did manntro to kiss tho earth j nor wcro thoro any romarkabiy daring- deeds. About tho boBt per formanco waa that of Nonsonsf, riddon for tho first timo, I bellvo, by nn active, though rathor recont membor of the club. ' NIMROD'a GHOST. ? Melbourne HtjNTCtUB Dinkkr.— Qn Mon day evening tho. members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, and n few pt tlioir sporting frlonds, will have a convivial dinner together, tlio piece dc reaittancc being a haunch of tho fino doe killed laal Saturday. The dressed venison h»9 been hanging during the week at Morris's,- In Little Bourkc street, and looked remarkably fat and tempting. Tub Ballaarat Hounds.— (From tho StarV— Tho hounds mot at the Banner of War hotol, on Fiiday morning, and were thrown into oover; After half an hour's travol across tho ranges, thoy camo ncroBS a full grown kangaroo, denominated a flying doe. Tbo field was protty numerous, somo of them quito ?verdant to Australian sports, and tho result waa that sovoral came to grlof in tho hour and a half's- ride thnt en&uad; over a very b»d country. Ono gentleman returned to Billaarat quito lamo after a fall, and a socond w»3 so besmeared with raud from a 'burster' he roceivod, that in company with two others he returned homo. Tho country was yory lioavy after tho late rains, and tho result wai that tho bounds, of which thoro are tbirteon couples, woro at fault, and it was conjectured that tho lonE-tailed-'dn saved ita akin by getting Into a water-bolo. The Geelono Hust. — (From the Adcer -wer).— Tbero was a tolerably good muster of sportsmtn nt tho mpet. at Mulholland'o, on Tuesday morning, some thirty gentlemen having gone out to the chase. Aftor an excellent . break- fait, Harry started off to try tho Cflun try. round In th(i.dlreot(pn of Sbrtn'rfiJre*K.i .IVwM la'jj in the day beforo tho bounds kicked up a scent, but. when thoy did thoy wont to it with a will that, rathor astonished tho 'retainers' of tho pigskin. After a run of abaut nix miles In chase of.no one know what, a mob of inngaroos woro viewed, and hero aroso tlu usual difficulty in such cases, 80 many quarries Bdparatcd tho pack, and it was almost Impossiblo to find which was the major part ; however, tho doga at last cot pretty well together, and a furthor run of, say three miles, ovor a very rough conntry, ended la p. drawn bsttlo botweou tbo dogs and the game, tho former as well ns tbo nags exhibiting un the day wai a vory pleasant one, although no blood was spilt, Thoro wcro fiftcoa couples of hounds out. The Piu-rjE op Walks with the Pitcii iet.— (From Sell's Life in London.)— After a taste ot Norfolk, and a turn or two with hl-i own harriers, His ItoyalHi^hnosa thoPiipcaof Wnles boa prone on to prove his prowess as a sportsman over tho moro cIobsio pastures of Northampton shire.- It was known that towards the end of last week tho Piiuca would bo Lord Spencor's guest at Althorp, and in foot His Royal Highness prooecded, In company with bis host, to the famous Crick Meoton tho Saturday, when they Jiad a good hour 'to ground' at Hompatow, oiir ono of tho flues! countries iu tho world. TJio show day, however, was ou the Monday, whon tho hounds woro at Holdenby, bolter known as ' Holruby Houbo,' in Whyto Molvillo'n story of tho Cavaliers nnd Ronndbouds. The attend ance horo to grcot the Prlnca wns Immense, tho number of horsemen being set at over two thousand, and tho scone altogether very brilliant and imposing. Tho talented historian, or very genius of tho place, Mr. MolvUlo, was of course in tho rankj of tlio regulars,1 as a resident in Northamptomhiro ; while Lord E^lintou from tho Ayrshire, Lord Groavouor from tlio Chcshiro, Sir John Johnatono from Yorkshire I- rd Bcbs borough, an the Maxtor of tho Backhounds, and Lord Nuns from Ireland, woro ainongit tlu M.F.II. -who camo to sco how admirably Lord Spencer can command a crowd, and how linn ho is in his resolvo thnt his hounds shall havo fair pla\ . Tho Improvement, in faot, obsarvablo in tho Pytchley during tho timo Lord Spencer hns had them haa bocomo very uoticcablo. The hounds aro much steadier to tholr game, and will now huut as woll as fly. Afl this must havo boon a great treat to tha Prince, who won tho hearts ot all by the way in which ho went, and the manner iu which he deportijd himself. . They had threo sourrics on the Monday, in all- of which tho Prince waa well in front, with a deal of brook lumping to weed out Iho ' ruck of a vory hoterogencous field ; mado up not merely of tho horsemen we havo mentioned, but backed up by our o- flvo thousand pedestrians. 