BELL'S LIFE IN 8YDMEY. : STDJVJET, OCTOZEB 24, 1863/^ Tiru speech deliveredby Mr COWPER. în;tIie,As sembly, on (Tuesday Inst, and,which might not inaptly lie termed his political, ".last elying^speech und confession," is a discrecHtnble "specimen of had taste anti' wotso Feeling that will add nothing to his public^ reputation. To reproach fothers behind their baclts is no proof of either courage or cour-' tesy ; and us the hon. gentleman is generally sup- posed to he the fortunate possessor of an unlimited amount of the latter amiable quality, Wi» »re the; more surprised at the tone anti temper of Iiis strictures on those who were not present to defend themselves from his unwarrantable aspersions. His remarks were clearly the offspring of personal antipathy, rather than an honest expression of po- litical opposition to the new Ministry, and they will, th'erefoie, produce upon the public mind an effect far different to that intended by the irascible speaker. ÇÇhe spirit pf " fair play" is not dead in this colony; and. the. people, before pronouncing judgment on Mr.. MARTIN AND HIS COLLEAGUES will, without doubt, afford them a fair chance of unfolding their policy, and~ennume'rating the prin-; ciples on which ; they propose to carry on the business of ' the country. Any other course would be an act of gross injustice to the men who, in the hour of danger, have manfully stepped for ward to lend a helping hand to' rescue the colony, from the perilous position in which it lias been placed by the " clever" management of their pre decessors. Had Mr CowrRU. been sincere in ins \- admiration of tlie " wholesoriie constitutional principle", which led to the overthrow of Iiis Ad- ministrai ion, he would never have compromised his own dignity by giving utterance, to. the futije expressions of . bitter pique and unavailing regret in which he indulged on Tuesday. Mr COWPER affects to beterribly - shocked'at. the "incongruity" of the elements of, Which the new Cabinet is composed, and. more horrified still at the idea of three of its membèrs being-" gentle- men learned in the law." There'is something very pleasant in Mr '. COWPER ^talking " about Ministerial incongruity',, when' we'.remember the anomalous ingredients of wliicji tlie last edition of his Administration was composed; Was there, or could there be, any Unity of political sentiment between the late ATTOHNEY-GENERAL and Mr COWPER, or any of his .COLLEAGUES ? VVas there any coincidence-of poliiJeal opinion between the late COLONIAL ".TRBASI/RBR ,and, the Govern^ ment which owes its 'downfall'tb . his conscientious respect for truth ? Assuredly there was none in cither case. Why", then, did ' Mr COWPER solicit these gentlemen, so earnestly, to join his Ministry,? M'hy, in the vain hope that by tile talents and the personal a :d political position of Mr DARVALL, and the commercial reputation of Mr SMART;"ho. in)g'«t-l>e-«iun.bleii-to_prop?-np^tlierfoRorhig . fabric of (is crumbling Administration, and ¡defer.tlie.vawful Jivf of official doom. . Nover was"théro a go"ycrnnie"ut more - devoid of unanimity than that over which Mr COWPER last presided ; for, even.ita oldest-members, entertained the most opposito viows on the most vital points of his "policy." Any remarks, there- fore, on the ." incongruity" of tho present Gubiuot,' come with a peculiarly bad grace from Mr CowPEit, and indicato a weakness that will render bini'any- thing but a formidable opponent. The hon. gcntle uian^haiyiertainly not forgotten his musical accom- plishments* .-us his groud 'trumpet solo" bu .Tues-, day indubitably proves. In magniloriiiont and óri-, thiisiastic terms did ho dilató on tho greatness of the achievements of that government, of "whichho 'was tho JupiterTonaris ! Wörks'oF.aurprising-rnngnitude, from tho shingling of a lo'clc-up to.'.tho' costly and-, elaborate ornamentation of Goyernnient House, have been effected, and all " without ; increasing ;the bur- thens of tho people by additional taxation."'. This certainly sounds -well j .but it.mnst be borne.in; mind that these stupendous'works have swollen the public debt of tho colony to something like £G,000,OOO, the interest of,, which, amou'uting to about £300,000 por .annum;we are now paying., This iu itself is no.unimportant item of .taxation, and ns we shall hove to'meet a "deficit" of more ¡ than half a million, tho people enjoy a very fair j prospect even under tho most effective management, I of seeing their " burtlious" incroased'to a veryconi Í fortablo extent. Tho timo has arrived when ad l ditional taxes must bo imposed, and tho only ques I tion for tho new Ministry is to perform that difficult ^operation satisfactorily, by. a; fair and equitable nd .justment of their pressure. - , Mr COWPER claims Í great credit for having " never ondeavouved.*o ín Í ilueucc tho voto of any hon. member." Wo aro glad ' to hear this, and only regret that ho did not sub t stantiatc his claim by referring to tho honoured I names of BLAKE, BUCHANAN, CHAMBERS, CoorE*, é DANIKI-S, DICK, GARRETT, HOLDEN, HOSKINS, sj? LEWIS, MARKHAM, and othor parliamentary "pearls .? of great price," whoso votes, according to a.popular $ superstition, purchased their preferment. , To. prove ft thc immaculate purity of Iiis government tho hon. I gentleman might havo gono still further, and èn 'r. umerated a goodly list of sons, sons-in-law, brothers,' brothers-in-law, nephews, cousins, and other near ? and dear relations of hon. members who havo been ?\ comfortably provided for on tho sarao equitable terms. '¡ii Mr COWPER, with a candour peculiar to himself, j; confesses that his government did not quit office with ' >i. out leaving so.ne difficulties to their successors. At Sf this admission we are indeed astonished) for after the in- flat and unequivocal denial given by the" hon. i i gentleman to the unoratorical financial statement jij'; of Iii.-t own TREASURER, we really believed that ¡MÍ the deficit was merely a " ghost" conjured up by j-if Mr SMART'S want of "tact and eloquence," ns )'.,'!;. was asserted by his CIIIBF. Mr COWPER winds !,:?.up his "great speech" by denouncing the new I' I\ Ministry as a " mockery and an insult to the 1 !; House !" and then,-with all the air ol a first-class li'-.' jioliticnl engineer (like Mr DALOLKISII for in ]? ! siaiu'o) pronounces it to be n piece of "wretched \\\\\ mst-him-ry." Notwithstanding our " entire confi ' i i Uenc-i-" in Slr COWPER'S infallible judgment, we i i-- .hull lake the. liberty of cursorily examining i l ív.-i * " retched machinery" by which the vessel of V11'~ n'V'-'x'ly, for some lime at least, tobe pro ' -j ''jii'lli il 1 i.. ' ,l .,/I,,TR^W'-now been prominently before ¡¡j$ K 'e public, both polix^uy and professionally, for |7l i7>0,,t. l,;,enty. .vears^j is consequently no ?jt hy novice. If, unlike his g»«^t rival, lie was not .'i.l'f . -> reared upon official nutriment, Mr MA UTI« has always had the' satisfaction of eating the bread ol independence ; and it must be confessed that Iiis misiorjune has proved no i inpediment to either his mental or his physical development. Gifted by nal ure willi intellectual powers of a very high order," he has, by their unwearied cultivation, elevated himself to a position second to none in his. profession. His public career commenced at an age when all thinks are tinged with the glov- ing enthusiasm of youth ; and for this reason, it may be, that some ol'his earlier political move- ments ; were marked by those peculiarities from I which no political tyro' has ever yet escaped. Tiiue_and study have,. however, modified the opinions of the youth, and converted them into 'the 'solid' and well ' considered convictions of th"e''nîarià''''Pôs¥ësse(T.^r'gfbàt mental vigour, and power of language,'Mr M ARTIN occupies a very prominent position amongst our best parliamentary debaters*'; whilst his political principles are suffi ciently,-progressive, anti moro truly liberal than those enunciated with' such 'bucolic fervour by our more boisterous politicians. But, it may be 'asked-has Mr MARTIE'S long public career been productive of any advantages to the colony ? It has ;, for to his .energy, we'are, indebted foi the es- tablishment of the Mint, nn institution which not only 'confers a high'- distinction upon the colony, but, what is far more important, effectually pro- tects our mining; population from the frauds which heartless Avarice {perpetrated upon them, prior to its being established. U 1 Mr WILLIAM FORSTER has also long been con spicuous.amongst our public rhen, and has eve ' borne a character for.political consistency.and in- tegrity, that'won for, him the honour of bein¿ selected as" one of>the " representatives of tlu largest electorate in4h'e'.colony,-EaBt* Sydney, ant that-too in "^e^face ,ol';an. actiye.^Governtneni opposition,',^!* ' unscrupulous as" [? it.'ivas - 'destruc- tive of^tlie great principle of freedom of - elec- tion.-,-''' ¡ ;,.r;j.}¡ .:.'.> : > .'':.i-,i, '?. ..Mr; EAOAU.ÍS likewise a well known and highly appreciatëd'ïine'mbeï^of '..dur political*.forces, à fad . of which the. public gave: unmistakeable prool ' nt the; Masonic Hall on Wednesday evening, where his explanation ol'Iiis conduct and principles'was received with marks of enthusiastic approval. ' Mr WILSON although new to official life, has the ad vantage of considerable parliamentary ex- perience, and no mean amount'ofability. . . Mr HOLROYD, a man of talent and position,- lias long been à member of the Assembly, and distin- guished for the number and practical usefulness of the measures he hhs introduced. His accession to ; the. Department of Woiks promises to be followed -by rh'my' and-much needed reforms, particularly as regards our railway management on which Mr, HOLKOYD has long kept a vigilant eye. . .. . -' ' "?' '. . ,/ " , Mr FAUCBTT to a cultivated, mind and sound, legal., knowledge,-unites the manners and deport- ment of a gentleman. He has long been a member of the Leuislature, and will; 'ho doiibt ably dis- charge: the duties of the office entrusted-tohini. .' Such are the materials of which this ". wretched machinery" is composed, and we believe that it will be -generally conceded- that personally > and politically the members'.of the'new Ministry will bear comparison, from every/point of view, with the " clever" gentlemen "whom ' '. they ' have succeeded. r .'..''-.--..?'.'.? Theline of policy they niay adopt will determine the duration of IheirGpyerninent: ; but until they . have, had a fair ^opportunity ' of developing that rpolicy, any opposition to.chem would be both un-, just and unconstitutional.''^ the change we .have made cannot-be for:'tlje:;worse" as it is impossible for the new Ministry to quit, office, and leave the,country in a worse state timm -tliey-rnnnmc" ~~- ? - - 