GHOSTS IN AUSTRALIA. In In the spring of 185-, I was employed in driving a numerous herd of store-cattle from New England down into the Melbourne country. The grass was plentiful, and the cattle travelled along at their leisure across the wide plains which lie between the Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, and Edward Rivers, It was nearly sunset on a fine evening in August when we came to Deniliquin, where the crossing - place of the last-named river is situated ; and driving the cattle down into an angle of the Edward, we camped close to the foot of the sandhill on which the township is built. There were two or thee other herds of cattle and some flocks of sheep waiting to cross in the morning, and as several of the men in charge of them went up to Billy Mclntyre's public-house, and then came down to our camp-fire, there was soon a pretty large crowd of bushmen assembled round it. Some of them had brought bottles of rum from the inn, and as the grog circulated we began to discuss the various routes by which we had travelled. There was a long argument as to the best track across the Old Man Plain ; but, as almost all of us were in favour of that by Lang's Crossing-place, that point was almost settled, when an Australian stockman named Driscoll started what he seemed to consider an unanswerable objection, by asking us, how we would avoid the Black Swamp and the ghost of the " trotting cob?" This speech was re- ceived with a roar of laughter, but Driscal jumped up in a rage, and said: "you may laugh as much as you like, boys, but as sure us i am standing here, I saw it myself, were luck and seeing's believing" Of course, when we heard this, we were all anxious to hear the story; and by the aid of a little judicious flattery and a pannikin of grog, we succeeded in appealing Driscoll's passion, and prevailing on him to tell us his adventure, which he did in the following words: " You nearly all know Wantabadgery Station above Wagga Wagga. Well, two years ago, Bill Kelly and I took three hundred fat beasts from there to fetch into Bendigo. The feed was good, and we came down the river-bank till we reached Lang's, where we crossed the cattle. It was later in the after- noon when we got out on the plain; and the sun was just dipping as we were abreast ot the B ack Stump; so we rounded up the cattle, and detetmined to stop there for the night. We hobbled our horses close at hand, lit our fire,and had our suppers. Then we agreed that I should take the first watch , so Kelly rolled himself up in his possum-rug, and I went down to have a look at the cattle and horses. I found them all right, so I went back to the fire, heaped on fresh fuel, and then stretched myself down to have a comfortable smoke. I was pretty tired with riding all day, and the fire was hot, so in a short time I dosed off. I must have slept three or four hours, for the cold awoke me, as the fire was very low; so I got up and put on more wood, and then I thought I'd just go round the cattle before I waked Kelly to take his watch. So I caught and saddled my mare, and rode away to the cattle camp. The moon was at the full, and shining brightly, and the beasts had drawn out on the plain to feed; so of course I started to head them back, I was cantering along when all of a sudden the leading cattle came galloping back, and as they wheeled, a man passed close to me, riding a bald-faced cob, and coming from the opposite direction. Now, Kelly's horse was bald- faced, so I thought that he had waked up and come out to look after me, so I rode on towards the camp When I g0t there, to my great suprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled up in his rug, and apparently fast asleep. This very naturally vexed me, so I shook him roughly, and when he sat up, says I to him: Kelly, what do you mean by going and lying down again, when you know it's your watch ?' "Lying down again? ' replied he "Why, I never woke at all till now " " What!" cried I, " do you want to deny that you passed me just now out on the plain heading back the cattle ? I did not see your face, but I saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough " At that, Kelly jumped up as if he was shot "Saddle up, for your life, Driscoll," said he, " and let us be off. You've seen the ghost of the trotting cob, and we're both dead men." " Well, we jumped on our horses; and by daybreak we had got as far as Broderip's Station, and next night we camped just where we now are, but that very trip, Kelly was drowned in the Campaspe, and I broke two ribs and my collar bone. So I for one would sooner go a hundred miles round than camp again near the Black Swamp, and chance seeing the ghost ofthe trotting cob." When Driscoll had finished, the conversation natur- ally turned on apparitions, and ' Fishers Ghost " was riumphantly quoted as an unanswerable argument in their flavour; but there were still several who laughed at the idea of such things. At last a bullock driver from the Sydney side said: " There are ghosts, there's no denying; and I'll tell you of one that hundreds heard about, and many of you know the man who saw it, and you can ask himself about it. Many of you have been ,up the Murray towards Albury, and have passed Brown's station, just above Quart Quert. Well, when I was a Government-man, I was doing my time rear Camden, and in those days Brown had a farm at the Cow-pastures, close to where I was living. He had just settled down on the Murray with a few hundred head of cattle, and stopped there five or fix months, putting up huts and yards, and breaking m the cattle to the run , so when he thought everything was going on well, he started for down- country, intending to bring up more stock in a short time. He travelled on horseback, for there were no mail-coaches to the Murray then, and as he pushed on pretty sharp, he was very tired when he got to Myrtle Creek. He told Thompson, the landlord, to call him early in the morning, took his supper, and two or three glasses of rum, and then went to bed. Towards morning, something awoke him, and when he opened his eyes he saw his wife standing by the bedside. Before he could speak to her, she told him "to get up," and went out of the room at once. Well, Brown was greatly suprised, of course, at seeing her at that place, but he thought that she had come to meet him, so he got up and dressed himself. When he went down, he looked in the parlour; but as he could not see her, he began to call out her name. At last the noise he made roused up the landlord, and he came and asked what the matter was. "Why," says Brown, "I want my wife. She's come and waked me, and now she's hid herself " "You re dreaming, man," cried the landlord. "How can your wife be here? You know she's at the Cow- pasture Farm " "What," rejoined Brown; "do you mean to say that she did not come here since I went to bed?" " Of course she didn't," replied the landlord, " for I lockrd the door when I went to bed, and the key is under my pillow." " With that Brown grew quite frightened. 'Saddle my horse at one,' said he, 'for so sure as I'm a living man, my wife came and spoke to me to- night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at home." With that, he mounted and galloped off. He rode till he knocked up his horse, and then he borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that before sunset he came close to the Cowpasture Farm. As he gallped up, he could see there was something unusual going on, for several horses were fastened to the posts of the verandah, the working men were standing in groups, at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers were lounging about near the stockyard. Brown jumped off his horse, and was going at once into his house, but one of his neighbours came out and met him at the door. This gertleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could what had taken place. Now, boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants, but his wife was a tyrant, and while he was at the Murray, she had been stopping the rations cf the Government men, and sending them up to court. There was one man in particular she took a great dislike to; he could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning he got his fifty lashes at the nearest court- house. At last, he got desperate. He was chopping some wood, when she came up to him, and after abusing him, said "I'll get you fifty more on Mon- day next.' "I may get the fifty cried," cried he, " but you'll not live to know of it," and with that he lifted the axe he had in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cow-pastures at the very hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle Creek , so you see, boys, there can be no doubt but ghosts do i sometimes appear on earth " " Of course, there s no doubt at all about that," said an old shepherd, who had just come up to the camp, " for I was close to one myself, and my mate saw it quite plainly, and as it was a quare thing, I'll tell yez all about it. You that are from the Sydney side must recollect the time when the fires were seen every night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all the people went out to see them, and the priest tried to lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, I'd been shepherding at Wargoola, near Carcoar, and when the shearing was over, I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Bathurst to buy some things and have a spree. Well, of course, in a few days, I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I was just thinking of making a start, I fell in with Red Jack. He was an old mate of mine, and he'd been down in town for some weeks, so you may be sure he had ' pockets to let,' He was looking for a job ; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employment, for they wanted some hands on the station. Jack said ' he was glad of the chance;' so he rolled up his blankets ; I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Bathurst. We had been nobblerising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started ; so we walked along very gaily, and never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good campingplace as we walked on; and just as it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another, and another. ' Come on,' said Jack; 'we're all right now ; there's some overlanders there with cattle, and we'll go down to their camp.' "With that we turned in off the road, and went towards the nearest fire ; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We cooeed, but there was no answer ; so we pushed for the next, thinking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it, there was no one there either ; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I had heard them speaking of in Bathurst; so I told Jack of it, and told him we'd better get away at once , but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, we lit our pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece out of one of the bottles, and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he asked me if I was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off off went towards the next fire, and when we came near it, we could see some one moving about and piling on wood. 'There's your ghost for you,' says Jack. 'Hollo, mate, will you have a glass? ' But the, figure kept on at the fire, and made no answer. By this time we had got quite close to the fire, and as it blazed up, we saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he had no head on his shoulders-nothing but a blood stained stump of a neck, and yet he was going about quite contentedly feeding the fire. I thought I'd have dropped, but Jack said 'Come on, we'll grab him, ghost or no ghost' Then he put the bottle to his mouth, and took a long drink , I took another, and then Jack ran round the fire one way, and I ran another. As we got to the other side, we could see the Headless Shepherd standing between us. ' I have you now,' cried Jack, and tried to lay hold of him. I did the same, but he slipped through our fingers, and we caught only one another, and down we fell, and when we came to ourselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went on to Wargoola; but what became of the ghost I don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after " This story started the dispute about spirits afresh, for there were some "new chums" present who had never read the Bathurst papers of the period, and they said that Rum was the only spirit that Red Jack and his mate had seen on King's Plains. However, the 'old hands" would not listen to this, and the dispute began to grow furious. At last, Jim Ryan, an Irish native, roared out in a rage: " It's my belief ye're no better than haythens; and the next thing you'll do will be to deny the 'Cooee Hut!' " This was evidently considered a conclusive argument by all the old bushmen, and their opponents were com- pelled to confess their ignorance of the Cooee Hut, and to ask for an account of it. For a short time, Jim Ryan refused to satisfy them, but at last he allowed himself to be persuaded. "The hut we call the Cooee or Mendering Hut is out on the Yareko Creek, at the back of Goree Run; and the way it got that name was this : At the time when the Billibong and Yareko were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. He was an emigrant, and had not been long in the colony, so they used to keep him about the home station chopping wood and carting water, and helping up at the draughting-yards occasion- ally. Well, it happened that one of the shepherds had a row with the overseer, and got discharged at once ; so, as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. The hut is twenty-five miles back from Goree ; so the overseer went out him- self with Bill and the sheep, and then stopped a day with him to show him the run. Bill had no hut- keeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days ; but one very hot day he must have fallen asleep in the middle of the day, when the sheep were in camp, and did not awake till they were drawn out. He was, as I told you, a new chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so he wandered vaguely up and down, looking for the flock, until he lost himself completely. The dusk was coming on, so he began cooeeing till he was fairly worn out, and then lay down to sleep. Next morning, he started again, but he had got confused ; and you know the Yareko country is very puzzling, for the sandhills and plains are so much alike, it's very hard to tell one from another. Well, poor Bill tried to travel by the sun ; but as he kept following it, he went round and round, and at dusk was near the place he started from. He had no food, and could not find the creek, so he was dying of thirst, for it was burning hot weather. He coöeed again and again, till he fell ex- hausted, and there he lay till morning. In the morn- ing he arose and crawled a few yards, then down he sank, and there he perished. Meanwhile, the sheep had gone to another out- station, ten miles further back, where they had been running formerly ; and as the feed was good, they stopped there very contentedly for seven or eight days, when the overseer happened to see them, and of course he brought them in to the home-station, and then went out to tell Bill White to come in himself. "When he got to the hut, be found the ashes cold on the hearth; and he could see that White had not been in for some days ; so in a great flight he gallopped back to the home-station, and mustered all hands to go and look for Bill. He took two black trackers also ; and as I happened to be passing, I went out. Well, it was near dusk when we got cut to the hut, and of course we could do nothing that night, so we hobbled the horses and went into the hut. "We were just getting our suppers when we heard a faint cooee, and then another and another. Of course we answered at once, for we were in hopes that it was Bill White coming up ; but the sound came no nearer, though, the cooee was repeated every four or five minutes. We then thought that perhaps he had been hurt and could not walk ; so several of us went out to look for him, but we could see nothing of him, though the c0eeing still continued, and apparently quite close to us. In about an hour it ceased suddenly, and we went back to the hut greatly puzzled, and very uneasy. In the morning at daylight we started, and the blacks very soon found poor Bill's track ; it was by them that I was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they traced all his wanderings, pointed out where he sat, and where he slept, and at last brought us to where his body lay; and, strange to relate, he had died within less than a mile of his home ; but it was on a diferent side t0 that on which he had been accus- tomed to take out the sheep, We buried him in an adjacent sandhill, where you may see his grave fenced in ; but since that time no one will live in that hut, for every evening from dusk till dark poor Bill White is heard cooeeing ; and plenty who never heard of the story, and have chanced to camp in the neigh- bourhood, have heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, little thinking that it was the spirit of Bill White wandering about the Cooee Hut." When this tale was ended, midnight had passed some time ; and as we had all to be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward River, there was a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and went off to thier respective camps ; while I, rolling myself up in my opussum rug, went off into dreamland, into a slumber such as those who live at home at ease can never hope to enjoy.-- Chambers' Journal, Pibacy and MuxoiEii -Sentence has been pro- nounced on a charge of piracy and murder on board the British ship Beatrice, 470 tons register, brought before the Supreme Court at Hongkong. Four Eng- lish Beamen, named Timothy Diiscles, George Bailey, Charles Atkins, and William Hardy, were charged with the wilful murder of Mr. John Adams, the chief officer of the ship. It appears that very bad discipline was kept on boord, and that the crew were in the habit of getting into the hold and drinking spirits and wine, which formed part of the cargi». On the night of the 10th of June, the deceased, having chirge of the watch on deck, was Bitting on a hen coop en the pcop when one of the prisoners came behind him and knocked him down by a heavy blow on the head. Almost imms diatvly afterwards Atkins picked him up and threw him ovetboard. The poor fellow screamed "Mur- der!" several times and cried out "Help, help!" but no eliott or alarm was made to save him. The prisoners had endeavoured to prevail on moat of the crew to j oin them to take the ship. After disposing of the mute they went to the cabin to secure the captain and the rest of the officers. The second mate, hearing the scuffle on deck, was coming up the companion Udder to ascertain the cause when he was met by Atkin?, armed with a harpoon or boarding-pike, and a thrust was made at him, which luckily missed. He then returned to the cabin, and the captain and he aimed themselves, as also the carpenter, who was ' with them. Oho of the gang named Baynes went to the skylight of the cabin with the inten- tion, it was supposed, of doing mischief. The captain seeing bim irom the cabin, and hearing that the mate bed been thrown oveiboard, called upon the second mate to sboct him. Howard, the officer, obeyed, and shot the man dead on the spot. This act had the effect of overawing the prisouerg, who all went for- ward, when they were seized and placed in irons. The jury found three of the prisoners (Driecles, Hardy, and Bailey) guiliy of piracy, and Atkins guilty of wiliul murder. The verdict was accompanied with, a statement to the effect that to the gross mismanage ment snd neglect of their duties by the captain and' officers a au to be attributed, in a great measure, if not cn'irely, ad that, had happened on board. The prLoner Atk'ns was ordered for execution.-Timei. Qtjeek Epitaph.-In St. Ann's Churchyard, Man- chester : . Short was my life, - ? Longer still my rcat ; .... God cull'd mo home, ' ' ¡ : Because ho thought It best. ¡. ; i ;.-. 5 . .(t .; 