NEW ZEALAND. (From our own Correspondent.) Dunedin, Monday, ucfc. 2d. I gave you some particulars in my last re specting the discovery of anew gold-field. The , new West Taieri diggings, after having been ' pronounced one of the richest of gold-fields with an inexhaustible area was, within a few hours, cDndemned as a " duffer." Then it again went into public favor; was again rushed and de clared to be only a very middling field indeed. To-day it is pronounced once more the richest diggings in Otngo, and perhaps now with some reasonable grounds for thinking so. One party of dingers netted forty pounds weight of the precious metal, and several otherB from four to fire pounds, all within a very few days Mr Warden Williamson has 6ent in his official re port of the field to Mr Commissioner Pyke, and he certainly 6peaks of its vast extent of richness with great confidence. There are about three thousand persons on the ground, and this morning over a hundred drays have left Dune din laden with provisions and general stores. The newa has greatly revived our drooping spirits, for I assure you there was many a blank countenance when the new rush was first pro nounced a "sell." The following is the War den's report of the new field :— West Taieri Gold Field, 21th October, 1803. • Sib—I have the honor to report that according to instructions I proceeded to the Weak Taieri Gold Field on the 23rd inst (October). On my visiting the ground I found upwards of 1000 miners centred at Nicholl's Gully—the gully in which the prospecting claim was granted. The deposits are very rich in this gully; gold has been traced from the creek into the hills on either side. The depth of washdirt varies according to the undu li'ions of the reef, being from six to twelve inches. As the hills rise the depth of sinking becomes greater. The deepest claim 1 have seen in which gold is being procured is sixteen feet, bottoming on soft blue slate. The washdirt is soft cement and red gravel. Some of the yields have been large. All who have claims here are doing well: the gold is generally distributed. Occasionally rich deposits Reformed where the reef dips ; as much as five and six ounces has been washed from a tin dish of dirt. The miners do not hesitate to show their gold (which is coarse and crystallized), or to tell of their wreess Many parties have divided from ten to twelre ounces per man for a day's work. Iq r<any instances fabulous quantities are named, vhich I have no doubt in many cases have been got, bat judging from the cheerful manner the miners work, I should say they are generally doing Kelt. There are several gullies in the district similar in formation to Nicboll's Gully, where gold iB found in more than payable quantities, the most particular being Sailor's Gully, Blackman's Gully, and Tucker Gaily. In Sailor's Gully large finds are said to have teen got, and from the disputes already requiring sj presence, 1 should judge the miners hold a favorable opinion of it. In Blackman's Gully 1 saw seven ounces procured by two men in one day. On the hill at the entrance to the township, a quartz reef has been opened. The prospectors pre* riuos to my arrival applied to the sergeant in charge to a prospecting claim; they have not yet renewed toe application, from the general appearance of the country, I am opinion that a large portion of it is auriferous, in greater or less degree; as the gullies join the Deep Stream, the gold becomes fine and not;so rich kit the source, where it is coarse and shotty, pieces weighmg from one to two ounces having been found. There are numerous parties coming on to the Round, distributing themselves in the gully. I will Dot be overestimating the population at 2000, 1 have the honor to be, sir, Your obedient servant, Chas. "Williamson*. lucent Pyke, Esq., R.BL, Gold Fields' Secretary, Dnnedin. The first escort will arrive in Dunedin this dtemoon, and we are all feverish as to the pro bible quantity to be brought down. Last Thursday's escorts from the Lake and DunBtan districts brought down Bixteen thousand odd trances of gold, which, considering what Very Jtfwe weather we have had up to within three "J® ago, may be considered very good. 1 have nothing of any interest to communi Nte to you this time, beyond the mining intelli t?nce alreidy given. Trade has revived greatly, toa the markets are looking up. The Melbourne j^ners come crowded with passengers and re -ro back empty. At our theatre the 14 Ghost" hi disappeared, and has been replaced by Miss "stthews, an actress of great repute in light J-raedy. The most active preparations are ■tog made for the coming of the A U England -ven. Our men have set to practice in good and Mr £hadrach Jones has imported rFred. D. Hamilton, of sporting celebrity in .ctoria, to manage the whole thing.- The -«ns to be got up regardless of expense, and * city will receive several thousands of visitors •to the neighboring provinces during the Picketing week. 