omission of these entries is a serious incon venience aucl loss. I Then again we complain of that report I being confined to the columns of the Economist only. Surely the Committee and the Secretary had nothing to be ashamed of that such a valuable and important paper should be limited in its publication to such an uninfluential, and narrowly diffused paper as the Economist. From whatever cause this preference for seclusion has arisen, it j is both to be regretted and condemned. The whole press of the colony—and we do not except ourselves for our own over sight in the matter,"but particularly the Melbourne press.—is much to blame, that it did not give that prominence to the late exhibition it so well deserved ; and now that it is over the same desire to conceal, or at least not to blazon forth its grand results, seems to be manifest. There must be some secret and unworthy springs in motion somewhere. The most disastrous result of the exhi bition arose from the want of a proper understanding as to the disposal of the animals exhibited, after the judges had made their awards. This led to the removal of the principal pens of Victorian sheep before the judges had time to pre pcro~irhoir notes on the excellences and defects of each pen, irrespective of their claims to prizes or otherwise. Alluding to this the Secretary speaks very einplia ticalh', as follows :—" The loss of an elaborately prepared and carefully com piled set of notes by the judges, on the relative merits and demerits of each parti cular pen of sheep, cannot be too deeply regretted, and is the only drawback, though a great one too, to the completely successful termination of the exhibition. The judges, therefore, expressed their unqualified regret at the result of their MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 23. labours." j To the promoters and originators of the Champion Exhibition, the greatest praise is due for the liberal spirit in which it was conceived, as well as for the highly creditable manner in which it has been brought to the successful issue that lias" distinguished it. For some years past a difference of opinion has existed as to the actual state of perfection to which the J Australian Merino sheep had been raised in Victoria, and there were not wanting good judges who argued that there were among our own choicest flocks animals that would compare favorably in general points of excellence with the choice sheep of any country in the world. These same judges, however, admitting at the same time that for fineness of fibre, closeness of fleece, and length of staple, the finest Merino sheep in the older countries of the world might prove superior to ours. With a view, then, to test the general merits of the Australian Merino sheep, the gentlemen who originated the late exhibition, decided upon awarding prizes to those animals only which showed the possession in the highest degree of the following five points of excellence—Fine ness and closeness of wool, length of staple, and size and symmetry of carcase. This decision was just what was desired, and what met with the commendations of all sheepowners, for if we look at the narrow, I misshapen, and generally weedy carcases of the majority of the finest imported sheep, we must come to the conclusion that an animal of well developed and symmetrical form, producing a fleece even closely approaching to them in fineness and closeness, must be a superior .and more profitable one to the squatter. The result of this exhibition has, doubtless, awakened sheep-owners to a full knowledge of the great state of perfection to which by a long course of careful breeding their flocks can be raised ; and wc hail with gratifi cation the proud boast of the secretary, when he says that "the Australian merino sheep, for the first time in the history of the colonies, at this exhibition, estab lished his independence and nationality : and proudly claimed and fairly won first honors, against the best sheep from Europe, as a superior animal, possessing more general points of excellence." This is the highest honour this colony has yet achieved, and we may well be proud of it. The report of the secretary of the exhibition, deficient as it is in the com plete list of the entries, is a lengthy and valuable document—one which, if wo can find space for it when the mis sing entries arc supplied, we shall be glad to publish for the perusal of all well wishers of .. the colony, and for all the sheep-breeders in particular; and we cannot help again expre-sing our surprise thaa it has not been universally disseminated, instead of being sent to a single newspaper, and that one by no means proverbial for a large circulation. In that report, however, a suggestion is thrown out, which we must object to being put in practice. We read—" From the absence of our distant friends above referred to (the squatters of New Zealand, South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland), it is necessary to devise some means whereby their countenance could be enlisted on future occasions; and therefore it may not be out of place to advert to the idea suggested at the outset, of giving prizes for fleeces, where the difficulty existed of moving prize stock very long distances; and to consider for the future how far such an idea would be practicable." If it is intended by the above to mean that it would be better to have an exhibition of wool than of animals, the idea is a very good one, per haps; but if it be (and that is the way we read it) that the general excellence of the sheep is to be decided by their fleeces, while they themselves have never been seen or handled by the judges, the sugges tion is the most absurd we ever knew to emanate from any body of men professing to be blessed with ordinary intelligence. The late Intercolonial Champion -Merino Sheep Exhibition, held in .Melbourne, was one of the most important and most intensely interesting competi tions ever introduced to the notice of the public ; and most singular to say, its value and importance has been almost entirely overlooked by the whole of the metropoli tan Press. With the exception of noticing a lew of the facts, patent to every one, and recording the opinions of the j udges, and the prize lists, there does not seem to have been one man connected with the whole of the Melbourne Press who cared or dared to express an opinion in any way on the merits of this really grand exhibition. The Argus, that boasted liberal advocate of all colonial improvements, has had its hundred eyelids closed, whilst national prosperity demanded its extra vigilance and careful watchfulness. The Yeoman —the ghost of the Argus—has not only treated with neglect so important a subject as a National Exhibition of the belt Merino sheep in all Australia 3 but has actually misrepresented the whole affrir and cast cold water upon it into the bargain. la the Last number of tlie Yeoman, in a leading article on " The Intercolonial Sheep Exhibition," we are told by the writer, with all the gravity of a Daniel come to judgment, that, "as far as the animals went, there was nothing to be de sired. The number was most satisfactory. It is ro small matter iu a young com munity to be able to bring together 100 pens of such specimens. The quality was first-rate Such rams and ewes, both Leicester, Cotswold, and Southdown, as were exlibited by Mr Edward Wilson, Messrs Austin, Maidment, and Miller, j Messrs Lyall and Knight, Mrj SenWKRDTFr G Eir, and Mr Hogan, could i j scarcely have been surpassed out of' ! England, and there only in cx-1 I ceptional cases. The mistake as to the prizes for the Merinoes, owing to the hasty withdrawal of their animals by i the Victorian exhibitors, was the only cir cumstance to be regretted iu the arrange ments of the competition, which were j highly creditable to the managers, and certainly fully appreciated by the public." That Mr Edward Wilson and the other gentlemen named showed excellent 1 animals of the Cotswold, &c;, class, there is no doubt, but why the Yeoman has attempted to show that these coarse woolled sheep were in any way mixed up with theiutercolonial exhibition of Merinos is a puzzle to us, unless it be to put Mr Edwakd Wilson's name prominently for ward as a successful breeder or importer ; but, however flattering the compliment may be to Mr Wilson individually, we do not think that gentleman will feel. gratified at the reflection that his Cots wold and Down rams have been put forward as claiming first attention among 100 pens of the choicest Merino sheep the colony could produce. As to the "mistake" about "the prizes for the merinos," that must be known only to the superlatively sensitive brain of the editor of the Yeoman. We have looked carefully over the secretary's re port of the exhibition and can find nothing to lead us to conjecture even what the mistake could be. The sneers of the Yeoman about the exhibition not having been an international one are, to say the least of them, shabby and un warranted. If the editor of that luck less imitation of the Field will take the trouble to read the report of the secre tary of the exhibition, he will find that every effort was made, and every induce ment held out to the sister colonies to compete with us; and, indeed, that Vic toria sacrificed her own convenience to accommodate others. the exhibition, then, did not partake of the intercolonial character so much desired by ourselves, it is cruel and wanton to taunt the com mittee and the exhibitors with an apathy on the part of others for which they are in no way responsible. It would have been much better for the Yeoman to hare lent its columns to fostering and en couraging that healthy spirit of compe tition among our neighbours, which, from their seeming listlessness in the matter, every newspaper in the colony seems rather to have tried to check or subdue. That this exhibition of Merino sheep was a great success, there can be no doubt; not only from the decisions and remarks of the judges, meagre as these were, but also from the manner in which the same were received by the defeated competitors. While fully alive to the great benefits i likely to accrue from this exhibition, and to the difficulties of organising the first of this kind, we shall nevertheless claim our right to criticise freely, but fairly, the re suits attending it. These are amply detailed in an able and well-written report sent by the Secretary, Mr Hoi.VOing, to the Economist newspaper, of Friday u?st, and which, report, but for the unaccountable omission of all the entries in classes 0, 7, and 8, •would have been a most valuable document. As it stands, it is worthy the attentive consideration of all of us, more especially those engaged in sheep farming, and the wool trade. The omission of these entries in the three classes above enumerated is very awkward to those who can only compare notes from the Secre ; iary's otherwise admirable report. For j instance, in classes 7 and 8, readers are left in the dark as to whether any of the .animals entered previously in classes 5 and 6 competed; and they cannot tell whether the judges may not have awarded prizes to animals they had in a previous inspection pronounced unworthy. We cannot tell, for instance, whether Mr Kekmode's sheep that took the prize in class 7 as the best ram—"imported or colonial"—is not the same animal which was beaten in class 5 by Mr Leaksiosth's sheep, in the prize for the best " colonial bred " Merino ram, or whether the latter was drawn from competition in class 7. To those then who have had no opportu nity of forming a conclusion, except that Afforded ty tie Seorelnry'? report, the: 