PUBLIC BREAKFAST TO BISUOl' PERRY. There a\ as a gathering of about 200 member') of the Church of England, including a large number of liulie- tit a public bicakfust, at the Cnteiion Hotel, jestcrduj, morning, in honout of the Bishop of Melbourm (Di I'trr,,) who is about to leaAe the colon} onaxihttto Luropc Nine o clock awis the hour for as scnibhng, but it avos neatly tin bcfoic the. company satdown Dean Macartney or cupied the chair On the right of the clean sat Mrs Perry, His 1 \cellency the Gournor, Lndj BoA\en,and Su I T Palmer, Avhtle on bib left Aierc Lad} Buiklv, the Bishop of Melbourne, Lady Palmer, and Sir William StaAVell Amont; tin. companv iieio Mr Justice Moles woith, Archdeacon Ifrnim, Archckacon Cra \ fold, tho lion S G Henty MLC the Hon T T A Heekott M L 0 Mr W Nichol- son M h X , Mi C T Giiflilh kc The Roi I Y Watson, of Portland, acted a» a ce president At (lie ilo'o of breakfast, a psalm aabs read bv the Ilex S L Chase anil prajci amis olfbred up bj the Rev G Goodman, after «Inch the To Deum x\as sung Mi C E nor-,leA pict-idingnt the pianofoito '1 lie Dew then presented to tiv bishop an address fiom the rkigy of Ihe diocese, us follows - To the Bight Revciend Challes bj DiAtne pcimisston Loid Bishop of Mclbouine " Maj it phase joui Loicishtp - " we, tlie denn, nrchdeacon, and clergy of the diocese of Melbourne, desire that your Lordship should not quit oui shores fora vis-it to England without receiving un ussuruncuof our high appreciation of the manner in which, for upwards of liftecn yenre, you have so worthily filled the oilice of bishop, ns well as of our personal regard. " Although but fevv of us have been asso- ciated with jour Lori'ship in the work of the ministiy fioin the commencement of your episcopate, wo all most cordially unite in these expierions of esteem and love. "We think this a fitting occasion for rc fciring to thoce evidences of Divine blessing which have, been vouchsafed to this diocese during the period already mentioned. On binding, at the commencement of the year 18J8, your lordship found in this colony unly three clergvmen and three chinches, one of which was finished. There ure now upvvnrds of eighty puilshes or ecclesiastical districts, and ninety clergymen, beides many lay assistants-at the présent time, seven ty-se veil churches foi ty-mi ven parsonages, nud lilli parochial schools ure either complete, or in process of election. Pour archdeuconiies have been created hy jour lordship, em- bracing all tho most thickly populated dis- tricts, tho oiganlzation of which tends to improved order a= well as increased vigour. Especially would we congiatulntc your lord- ship on the success which has attended your efforts, not only in preparing the frame- work of our Church Assembly, lint in pro- curing the Boyal assent to the act fioin which its powcis aie derived, and hy which the clergy and laity of the diocc-e are enabled to co-opciato effectively in tegulating the uir'aiis of the church. "We admit willi devout humility that, without tho presence and power of the spiiit of God, all church elToits and organization will he in vain, however earnest may be the one, however wisely cortrlvcd the other. Paul may plant, Apollos water, but God alono giveth the incienso. We would, however, exnress our conviction, that whilst wo have these proofs of expansion in these recorded results, and of order and of consolidation in our arrangements, we have what is vastly more precious-the signs of tho effectual blessing of the Holy Ghost. "We feel (hat the church of this diocese owes much, undei God, to jour lordship's un- tiring exertions and earnest pinyers; and we beg to assure you that we shall not cense to make mention of you and Mrs..Peiry in our prayers, that Ile who rules the winds and the waves will guard you on your voj age ; Hint our gracious Father will preserve you in health and strength during j our sojomn in England : that Ho will guide you with wisdom and grace in carrying out those plans in connexion with the work of tho church in which j ou purpose to engage; and, finally, that He will bung yon buck lo these shores io the fulness of the blessing of the Cospel of Christ." The Bishop, in reply, said while he would i not take to himself any particular credit for the manner in which he had fulfilled the duties of his oilice, ho should pay a poor com- pliment to his clcrgj* if he did not express his sense of tho high appreciation which they had i entertained of that manner, lils views of the duty of a bishop weic very dlffeient to those which were entertained by many in England. His idea of the episcopal office was that a i bishop should exercise a leahy efficient and watchful care over the clergy of the diocese in i which he presided, that he should know those i clergy personally, and that he should have con- i tinuul intercourse with them; that he should i visit them periodically-if posStble annually- i in their difterent parochial diutricts ; and lhat i he should allbid them, from time to time, such assistance as he was able, by counsel or cau- tion, or in any other way that circumstances might reriuire. These wore the principles upon which hu had noted from the timo ho was Hist called to the oilice'of bishop ; and although, in the course of thnt time, he had ofton found himself obliged to point out what ' might seem to be mistakes or errors on tho | paît of some of his biethrcn-pniHcularly his , younger brethren-and although he had felt i it to be his duty to recelvo any complaints i which had been addressed to him by the lay i members of the church, and to commit- ( nicate thom to the cleigy whom thoy con- I cerned, and ask for an explanation, he i hoped ho might say - and the address i just presented encouraged him to say-that he i had not thereby given permanent offence to I i any of his reverend bretlnen. (Hear, hear.) He behoved that a bishop who fulfilled his . office upon the principles which he had men- i tioned-with n real desiro to do his duty to- ' wards God and towurds min.- would always i be kindly íeceived, and that due allowance i would always be made for hi m by his brethren, i the clergj;. (Ilenr, hear.) He would take the 1 opportunity of expressing to the clergy pre- i sent, and through them to all the clergy i of the diocese, his thanks for the manner | in which they had always received bim i when ho lind visited their dill'crcnt pa- i rishes, and when he had como to take 1 pnit iu their services, and also for the i manner in which they had accepted any i advice or suggestions which ho had, fiom i time to time, lelt it right to offer. It was n i grout commit to him to bauble to look Uncle i on the fifteen years of his episcopate, and to 1 remember that during those years, while two clergymen had left the dlocefo under painful i circumstances, one had since returned, mid i the other was now in most friendly commun!- i cation with himself, and that all painful i feeling, which might have existed for a time, i had passed away. (Hear, hear.) Ile thanked i his bretlnen for the expressions of their per- i sonal regard. Ile highly valued that regaid. i The power of a bishop depended mainly upon the hearl y and cordial love and co-operation I of the clergy associated with him ; and, as he stated on the occasion of his recent visitation, he believed , no clergyman , within the limits of the British empire i had moro reason than he had to thank God i for those,who i were associated with him in the 1 ministiy. True, few of them had been with him since the commencement of his episco- i putc. Of the three clergymen who accom- panied him to Victoria, one-his friend tho < dean-still remained; and,hó had proved a i 'most invaluable assistant during all these y cam of labour. (Hear, hear.) The second- i tho ltov. Mr. Davies, to whom he had already i alluded as having left the colony under pain- i ful eiicuinstances-was now in charge of an impoitimt palish-in Tasmania. The third slept in Jesus. Thrco lnymeli who cunio with liim, and who had since been ordained clergy- men, btill remained in the colony. Although (uw comparatively had been with him from the beginning, he sawbcfoie him several who had been labouring for ninny years in the diocese. The address alluded to the evidences of Divine blessing vouchsafed to the dioceso during his episcopnte. He thankfully recog- nized ithose evidences. God hail given them many signal' marks of his, favour, in tho In- crease of clergy and in other particulars, and to Hun bo all tho glory. Tim address also re- ferred to the division of the diocese into arch- deaconries as a ground of thankfulness. Ho recognized this also. -Ile felt that the assist- ance rendered< by faithful, active, and wise archdeacons to a bishop was very grout indeed.-' 'l'hoir position was iu many respccls moro difficult than that of the bishop himself, The clergy were'moro ready to recognlso the official character of the bishop than that of the archdeacons; and. consequently, the archdeacons required much 'moro tact and much moro careful consideration as to the manner in which they dealt with any circumstance that carne under, their notice. He was thankful that Ood, in his good piovidortee, had associated with him iiijjii« work not only the dean, but three other archdeacon«, 'who were currj'ing on their Aiork faithfully, diligently and wisely He might here mention that, OAAing to the increase of i opulation allusions had been thiOAin out Iroin time to time as to the pro pnely of bubdiwdmg the chócese It Aionid tneie htm to loso any of the clcrgvof Ins omi particular diocese but the grief which lie should feel in this respci t would notlcad lum lo put any obstacle in the ami} orpreAent him thoioughl} co opeiating in such ii Aioik should it be undettul in by an} of his lay or clerical brethren (Heal bear) ihoaddiess liki wise alluded to the establishment of the Church Assembly He might say that that institution hud hi i n Bignall} blessed Ile did notât all feai tho lnllttence of the Church Assunbl j Ile had no foin of Ins lay brethren und hctitistetl his clerical brct'iren had no feai either The chuich had need to be eoAorncd not morell by bishop andcleigj hut bv bi-hop ck ig} and laity (Applause ) B} means of the Church Assembly they liad leen enalled to deal with xeiy delicate ques lions w Inch hail been debated, not without considciuble Awirmth and earnestness but without acrnnoii} m any thing tending to bepurnte them one from nnothei He amis sure that the establishment of the Church As semblj tlie dihb r liions ai Inch it had earned on and the decisions nt Avhich it had armed had tcndediu the highest digieo to strengthen the church ni this country and um to together the cleiciy and laity one xvnh another (Ap plnu-e ) In conclusion the bishop i xpics^cd tho thanks of Mis Perrv and himself for tho piom s s A\hich the cletta had giAenofprajcr» un their behalf during their absence Sn Wjiliui Stiwhi presented the follow ing addiess ftoin tho laity - My Lord -We the hut} of the Church of 1 nfchind in Victi ria (leslie to oiler to ¡ourselt and Mt» Peny our lest AMshes that}ou mnj liaAo a prospcious AO}agi to 1 uro¡e and a happy leunion Aiith Aotir friend1- and that it mnA please God to bless a oin efforts to pi o inotetheinteresfsoftl eehureh in this country, and to favoui you amIIi a speedy leturn No companion of a om choeeseas it existed sixt cn yeais ato Avith its present mpect, is needed to coda mee tis of the a nine of jour sor Alecs Piont a condition of reptoaebftil inacti m1} m which it then existed pi ecludiiiá alike (mourabie coin pal won aaiUi other (burches orAvith the CMilenecs of ad\ mccment m e\ terioi cía llualion the Chinch of Lowland has (iiieigediutoordei and esttibl bhed itself on a finn basis Chinches hnAe been ucctcdmall the Aanous ccntus of po]uilalion A staff of el igA with nuxilmj linders aro aetticlycn gaged thiou0hout tim kuBth and bieadth of tho land A proAision not nl(0oethci in adequate for their sustentation is annually uused, and a foi m of constitution is now inbaimonious or. oration for the administra lion of its seculai affniix If to thc«o pi oofs of pi ogress and settled oulei might beadded the cieetionofaeilhedral and colk ge and the endow incut of both these andoftheiegulai puiochinl dug}, our satisfac lion would be complete XX o lecognise how c\cr in xxhat has bien actuallj itecomplisbcd an eliott not nltozelhei incommensurate with otu nascent condition >s a colon} and x\o itcûgnibt not h"H the kaclersliip of a chief «hose ability and zeal mc alike conspicuous Pel nut us how ei ei to si} that it is this Aery tecognition which aflecta us Aiith appro hension loi the consequence of join absence Already in the bosom of tho chuich has appealed a Undone} to schism Aiitholit ade quute cause xvhilo cstcrnallj clouds in the political hoiuon olfoid time for alarm We liaAOgood confidence howcxet in God that he Aull n\ctt the cute both ixtctnal and interim] of whteh these maj bo ufenrded as prcmomtoi} situs It the Apostle Paul foiisaw and foiewained lus eonterts at 1 plusus ot dangei-. winch impenda! w( may sine]} be excusid some anxiety onthoscoto ol a our lordships absence under the present aspect of a laira " The connexion between church and state, and the inhaimonious action introduced into the lal ter by anydcfictiA-enrss of constitution in the formei-.aresubjects of deep interest to the Chiistian philosopher. In nu agu of general mental culture Uko the present, it is not suf- ficient that tho clergy should be pious, but they should be learned nlso, that by their peifonal character they mny command public esteem, and by their learning be able to repel every' attack on their common faith. The union of these qualities in a lemarkablc de- gree in your loidship's character inspires us with confidence that you Avili require them as ptimary qualifications of your cleigy, and that Avo may cntoitain the hojie that while 'righteousness and peace kiss each other,' learning may not be found incompati- ble Avith piety, nor Christian concoid xvith icligiaus libcity, but that nil may flourish together and become tho gloiy of our land. " Once moro wc reiterate tho expression of our esteem and good wishes." The Bisnoi' remarked that ho could not but highly value tho sentiments which the address of the laity contained. The document alluded to several impoitant topics. It referred back to the peiiod xvhen this wns only part of a larger diocese, and Avhcn tho bi-fiop resided at a very consi deiable distance fiom tho ptovinco. The ad dross contained onu Avord xvhich he thought ought to be changed It spoke of a con- dition of " reproachful inactivity"-he aa'ouIi! rather call it a condition of "compulsoiy inactivity"-because he could testify, from documents xvhich came into his possession befoio ho xvas consecrated to tho sec, that there xvas no Avilling inactivity on the part of members of the Church of Eng- land in tho then province of Pott Philip. Thcic,carno under his notice a shoit time ago the copy of a memorial, addressed to the Archbishop of Canterbury by the then resident meinbeis of the church in Port Philip, setting forth the spiritual destitution in xvhich they Aveie, and mentioning the ex- ertions they wero making in order to relieve themselves from that spiritual destitution ; and another paper, containing the piospoctus of a grammar school, xvhich had siuco been carried out in a much Avidcr form than eoukl have been hoped for by the first projectors. Ho alluded to tliis because he was impressed .with the importance of ex-cry distinct branch of the Chuich of England having its own bishop. He could not at all shut his oyes to the progress Avhich the church had made (lining the last fifteen years, not inconse- quence of tho individual character of the bishop xvho had presided ox'cr it, but in consequence of there being a bishop icsident among them. It xvas through the exertions and self-denying liberality of the lato Bishop of Sydnoy that the chuich had boon able, not only to establish, hut to extend itsolf, in the colony, During the fifteen years of his episcopate, gteat pro- gress had bcon made ; but whatever might have been tho progress of tho chinch, however the number of cleigy had been increased, the proportion of clorgy to people xvas still much less in Victoria (han it xvas in any of the ad- jacent colonies. Ho mentioned this to sboiv that there needed continued and increased cxoition, _ for tho purpose not only of maintaining tho chuich in its present posi- tion, but of extending the chuich. (Hear, hear.) The address alluded to Um con- stitution of tho Church Assembly. Ile had dxx'clt on this subject in his reply to the address of tho clergy, and he could only repent his entire confidence in the laity of the church for tho xvisc exercise of any power which might he legally entrusted lo them. His earnest desire throughout his episcopate had been to bring the laity into active co-ope- ration xvith tho clergy, and he xvas thankful for the degree in xvhich God bad enabled them to effect that object. In this co-operation, next to the appointment of a bishop ox-er the dioceso, he attributed Avhatox-er piospcrity had, under God's blessing, attended tho church hitherto in this country, ne feared sometimes tho illecal interference of indi- vidual laymen, or bodies of laymen, just as ho should foar tho illegal interference of an individual clergyman, or bodies of clergyman, but ho did not at all fear the result of tho deliberations of such a body as the Church Assembly, or the exerciso of any powers xvith xvhich that assembly' might invest the laity. (Hear, hear.) Tho address spoke of'what yet remained to bo done -of the erection of a cathedral, Avhich he supposed included the formation of a cathedral esta- blishment, und tho establishment of a college in connexion xvitli tho Univeisity. It also spoke of tho cudoxvments of tho parochial clergy. All these Avere matters of very great importance, and ho trusted that the attention of tlio laity Avould ho practically directed toxviirds them. Ho entirely concuricd in the desirability of establishing, as soon as pos- sible, ' something like a cathedral consti- tution, and erecting cathcdial buildings. The xvant of a Church of England college in connexion xvith the University xvas also very greatly fell. With respect to tim endoxv ment of parishes, he xx'ould not bo understood as expressing any disagreement xvith the laity on that subject, but there appeared to him to bo much moro necessity for xvluit might bo, called tho general endoxvment of the church -tho creation of a fund xvhich should admit of being increased from year to year, and the proceeds of xvhich should bo placed at the dis- posal of tho governing body of the church tho bishop and Chut eli Assembly-for the general benefit of the church throughout tho diocese. (Hear, hear.) The address expressed a degrco of anxiety as to the results of his leaving the diocese It would be the highest presumption and tho most unjustifiable conceit on his paît if lie wcic to suppose that his individual presence among them, except in lils elim toter of bishop was at all ncccs sary for the well being of the chinch He Knew the diifu nltics undei which a diocehe laboured when the bishop was absent but he vs as linipv to le able to Mi) that lins diocese would be left in chaine of one who had Kin his companion in luboui during the whole (i ficen j eira of Ins episcopate who was am thing but an un ti led min who had on a former occasion horne the binden on his (the bishops) behalf and who would on this oica sion, not onl) be hiinoundcd by cloutai brethren with whom ho was closely inti mate, but who would also bo assisted by the Council of Aduce and the Church AsîCmhlj No bishop therefoie could leave Ins diocese with greater eonfulcnee than he did But whilothcic were cucum stances which might make the members of the rh in eli anxious on its bihalf ho would remind thom that thcie was no period at least of activity m tin rhurch winn there wero not such düngen, lluro were periods of sluggishness and immobility when no din gei s show ed themsclvis and these pcrhap-, w le the most dangeious peri idB of anj (Hear hear) 1 he address allude I to signs of «cbism m the chinch It grieved lumdeiplj t h it an) til i ng of tli is sort could have occurred '1 he existence of thodangci however would h ad them to exercise moic w ilehlulness nnd glentor silfcontiol in the futuro Hie parochial s) st m w Inch had been dchbeiatel) intioduced. when viewed in one piiticuhu aspect tended topiomoteschism Onthoother hand if the tongiegational sjstcm were sub stitntedno advantage would be gained and schism would still pnvail though lnadif feuntform Congitgîtions would then be divided mid subdivided without limitation ami tin) would censo to be able propeilj to call themselves a branch of the Church of Lnjand (near hear) Whitevei culsthe) might hive to contend with he earnestly hoped that they would bo able substiintiall) (o adopt tho sjbtom of the paient chinch onl) that the) should cndeavoji as fin as thij could to collect an) defects windi might bim v themselves in the sjbtem and to supplement it in ho far as to permit of the building moro than one place of worein» it necessniy, in the same puiisb, all being undci the same cleig}inau with his dilutes Schism, he would also obseixe, really moat ftom (arsons following tho do sues of their oxxn xxiii instead of bealing one xx ith another, and submitting to that nu tho nt}-whatexei it mi¿hthc-to which God in His pioxideneo had suhieeti d them Ho therefote earnestly hoped that all who had presented this adiliess to him Mould m then sex eral circles t ndeax oin to maintain that due submission to authority ax ithout xvhich neither chinch 1101 state could stand and prospti (Heal hear) XVith íegard to the clouds in the political horizon of winch tho ml dress spoke, xvhatex el those cloudsmightuican the} might icst nsstitcd that Godxxould oaii rule all things for good Foi himscll his nile of conduct hml been to take no put txhatexei in politics lie ni«a}s felt os a paiochial munster that if ho took pnit in politics he should be nuning against himself a poldon of his own people, and aux little good he might do b} taking part in politics xxould bo conn teiacted b} the injury accomplished in nilen u(im; fioiii him some ol his flock And what he 1 ad felt as a paiochial nuntstci he had felt}et moto 8tion"'l} as a bishop Thorcfoic lie had kept aloof ftom any thing like politics not that he did not tal e an interest ni them but that he thought the elerg} avcio better employed in attending wholly to then pe cuhar mission Then Avbatexer might bo the state of the political horizon, they might sa} , in tho woids of the poet - ' fho clouds x o so much dread Aro 1»"' willi mcrclo), mid shall break lu blo'slngs on jour head (Applause ) The bishop concluded by observ- ing that he left the dioceso with the prospect of returning at the end of a year and six months. The Dean* expressed tho satisfaction of tho clergy mid himself at the presence on the occa- sion of Sir Henry and Lady Barkly, and at their being accompanied by a lady (Lady Bowen) who came from n land rich in classic lecollcctions, and of whose native tongue God wob pleased to mnko use for the levehition of His final will to man. ("Hear, hear," und up plauso) Sir Henry Barkly observed that ho gladly accepted the invitation to be present at the breakfast, in older to join, as a member of the Church of England, in doing honour to their respected diocesan before Iii» embarkation for Great Britain; and for the same reason ho readily acceded to tho request which had been made to him of offeiing n few lcmmks on the topic of tbo colonial chinch in its filial relation a topic of the widest and deepest interest. (Hear, hear.) The Church of England num- bered among the youngest of her dnnghtors the Victorian Chinch, to which they be- longed. She had never been a negligent or indifferent paient to her colonial offspring. In the earliest colonial enterprises the Church of England took a leading part. The chinch was distinctly recognized in all the fust colonial charters of the Noith American colonies, nowevor, times had changed. Ideas of colonial policy had altered considerably. Opinions on religious mattem had also changed. The fear of the temporal power of the shurcli, which scorned to hnvo driven our curly Protestant monarchs and statesmen to the conclusion that it was necessary for the public safety that the church should bo Incor- porated with the state, lind passed away; and it was no longer deemed necessary, in found- ing new colonial communities, that thcic should be any connexion whatever between chinch and state. This, however, by no means diminished tho ties which still must bind the members of the Church of Eng land in the colonies to the paient church. (llcars hear.) On the part of those who heard him ho believed ho might say that they felt that among the strongest of the ties winch bound them to their mother country and the British Crown, there was nono stronger than that which united them as members of tho Clnucli of England with the mother church at home. Those ties, in- deed, had proved sfiong enough, when all other bonds of union had ceased, to innko the American Episcopal Chinch-the church of tho former American colonies-to look still upon tho Chinch of England us Its paient, and to bo proud of the acknowledgement of its bishop, and tho recognition of its orders, in the old country. And ho must say, that this was in soino degiee duo to the mar- vellous power of adaptation whioh the Church of England had shown to the wants and circumstances of now commu- nities. In New South Wales and Victoria the church had thriven wonderfully, parlly by means of state nid, while in South Australia and Queensland, on tho other hand, she lind managed to achieve almost even greater suc- cess on tho voltiutaiy system. After alluding to tho successful operation of tho Church .Assembly, Ills Excellency concluded by wish- ing the bishop and Mrs, Perry " God speed" in tlicf ('journeying*, and expressing tho hope that Divine Providence would bring thom back at the end of the allotted period to resumo that position of utility in tbo community which, m spite of many difficulties nnd trials, they lind so eminently adorned during the hist fifteen yeais. (Applause.) Addicsses were afterwards delivered by tho Dean, Sir J. P. Palmer, the Itov. H H. P. Handfield, Mr. J. Wilberforce Stephen, and tho llev. Dr. Bromby. Tho doxology was sung, the bishop pro- nounced a blessing, and the company sepa- rated. SiTiHNiun Wheat.-Wo wero yesterday shown a splendid sample of wheat giown at tho farm of Messrs. Clarko and Chambers, Wood ford-road. The stalk measures about six feet in length. It Is calculated to avcrago about forty bushels to tho acre1,'which will bo encouraging, no doubt, considering tho present low price of grain. It is of the sort callcd'Arieluido lied Straw.- Warrnambool Ex- aminer, Jan. l8, i NARROW ESCAPE FROM FIRE.-Talbot, it seems, has had another narrow escape from a fire, the consequences of which, considering the strong breese prevailing at the time, would have been even more serious than that with which we were afflicted on the 4th De- cember. Mr. Wallace, a baker, and Mr. Las- kle, landlord of the Royal Exchange Hotel, were passing the Red Lion Hotel, in the Crescent, on Friday evening, about nine o'clock, when the former observed a strong glare in the bar-parlour, and communicated the fact to Mr. Laskie. Both proceeded at once into the hotel, and entered the par- lour, where they found a music-book on a harmonium on fire, a lighted candle standing by the side, and the flames rapidly con- necting with the paper and lining of the wall. Prompt measures were at once taken by Messrs. Wallace and Laskie, assisted by a ser- vant girl in the establishment, to extinguish the fire, in which, happily, they were success- ful before much damage was done. Had the fire not been delected by Messrs. Wallace and Laskie, the consequences would have been most disastrous. -Talbot Leader, Jan, 13. 