LOCAL INTELLIGENCE Tins MINISTERIAL CRISIS. It is ourrpntly reported that Mr COWTEH. lind advised His Excellency to send for Mr MAHTIN ¡ but up to lost evening, nothing had transpired relativo to the formation of a row Cabinet,". , -; ?>'?: .' i .Trro IiBw:. PEBUIER.-It is confidently anticipated' that in tho event of any difficulty arising ia the construc- tion of a uaw Cabinet, His Excellency will telegraph to Melbourne for a duly qualified Primo Minister.' . Verily tho .sister coloaies are becoming a stand-by for poor for- lorn N. S.. Wales.f- . . -Í "Tia WjirDr.WBATnBB von HOOPS."-The- humor- ous lines under this.heading,'by Charles 'W.,'which ap- peared in,out last wore erroneously attributed to1 the Newcastle Paper. Tho- extract was taken-from'tho . Singleton Times, which was ' subsequently - mislaid, 'and our memory was at fault ns to its source. ,. OONSOUNO, TERI !-Should the result of last Wednes- day's division be tho retirement'of that estimable!. quintette, Hon Charles, non. John, Hon. William; Hon. Tom und Hon. Bayley from- the quarter deok of H.M.8 Government, pf 5" great euns"-it will probably sweeten tho bitters of their- ex officio existence to recollect that if they did come off second boston tho Budge-it, or not Badge-it question, their defeat was attributable to tho voice of Wisdom, which hos boon invariably against them in all they have said or done for< some time past, and : which on this occasion triumphed over even tho " power of Loee" Should they resign without re-signing wo should suggest to : the five o most - excellent plun for enjoying thoir f'.otium cum digailate " and winning " golden" (in placo oC ironical) opinions from "all' sorts of people" aa saviours of tho country. ' Bot them challenge that five of the " opposition" sido of tho question known as Gilbort, O'Mcalley, Burke, "Vnno and Hall to Bingle combat with rovolvors. This would (nt uny rate in one case) bo a very smart woy of doing business, and then whether they .kill the bushrangers, or the bushrangers kill thora, Hon, Charles, non John, Hon. William, Hon. Tom nnd Bon. Bayley will equally, earn tho thanks of a grateful public, anxious for the suppresiotrof. such intolerable nuisances. .. ,". A HOItBE-A -HollSE-TUB "KlNODOX ' FOB A HORSE I"-In - Thursday's " tiydncy Moruiii' Erald" uppoars on advertisement, to which wo think it is our duty, as guardians of the intorcsts of this highly civilized and fondly loved land of " mammon and gammon," to call the attention of our paternal Government (if they1 will oblige us with "tbí-jr names ns soon as thoy arc ac- quainted with them thenïSelve») ns a capital investment of publie principle. It mils thuVs**-" Good town hack ; BAKoe TO anywhere. Price £10." VirVahW''.', auch n " rnrn avis" in horse flesh would bo a real blessing to " hobbies" in pursuit of tho Weddin guests who re- cently " mado merry and wore glad," on tho Arcadian plains of Bathurst. Tho possession of such an equine treasure, who HANGS UP anywhere, " would, in tho event of a roncontro with Gilbert and suito, eavo tho gal- lant Hue from a world of responsibility, as tho noble steed could himself porform tho functions of Jaok Ketch on tho oui prit», and so exonerate " Roberto" from " the deep damnation of thoir taking (or making) off." Under such (ft) auspices success would bo next to certainty, and tho proeossmoy be briefly explained, tit seq, " Bobby catcheo robber first-horsey KKTCITEK robbor - after- wards." Another'advantage possessed by this "ad- mirable" quadrupedal " Crichton" is, that being only a " town hack" ho will be thrown into the congenial com panionshship of his equals, for he who rum (whether a bobby or a bushrangor, and ilr Cowper, Bays they both do so) may read, that all tho animals of the force pos- sess those attributes which hove earned for them tho flattering designation of "knackers," while tho'iewor of the advertisement must convinco any Smart disposer of the public monies, that a tenner might bo advantage-' ously laid out in tho purchase of auch a valuable executive auxilinry as, "A Town Hack, that hangs up anywhere, for. tho trifling consideration of 200 Colonial "BOBS." ":".?' , , " AEBXANDBII'B FEAST.'-In thoAssomblyon Tues- day the " claims" of our gallant friend, Captain ' H. H. Browne, of Emigration Agonoy distinction, were, for Hie 365th time, brought before the House by Alexander tho Groat, nnd backed -with a "despatoh" poculinr to , his Grace of Nowcastlo. This interesting subject of courso lcd to an "animated dehnte," in .which fuñirás prédominant, tho result being that tito Captain was again " dono iroteii" by 27 of his Legislativo admirers. /'-. Dur- ing his reply Mr Alesander is roported to have delivered the following choice bit of gastronomía gasconade,-bis mouth' at tho'saniofime" watering, os tho " ghosts" of M. Guorin's (chef de cuisine) artistio delicacies flashed on his memory :-''Subsequently, when he had almost for- gotten tho circumstances of tho casó (Captain Browne's), and whon he was dining at Government Houso, his Ex- cellency tho Govornor asked him if lie intended to take tho matter up." (Ironical cheers ; and Mr Hart "Morocoa/ou^ing.'1) . Not being ourselves well'up in Porliomentary "flash," wo would toke it to heart, as a very particular favor, if the lion, little gentleman who modo uso of the expression would obligo us with a " per- sonal explanation of tho meaning of tho mystonous word "contow-ing,"- ns there, is a general impression abroad that the operation bad something to do with tho towiny of tho '_'Wivenhoe" out of the Official Port. . A . DECIDED". SÈM.-7-Eor, some timo past sporting characters in and about Adel&ide.havo; had their atten- tion drawn tb. a somewhat novolaffair in the.". fistiana." .linó, and it was understood that a prizo light was fairly arranged for Tuesday morning. Wo aro.informed that heavy bets woro laid, in one caso as muchas £160. The parties dosigned to do " mortal .combat" 'wero John Martin, said to bo an . opponent of.Tom Sayers, and W. Johnson, a lato arrival (rom Victoria. Tuesday morning nt five o'clock was the hour Axed to start from Adelaide, tho Bcoiio bf action being distant about 17 miles from town. ' Howovor, although the knowing ones thought they wore doing a stroke on the quiet,' their, highest ox poctntions wore nipped in tho bud. Proceeding via tho Upper North Road, tho Cross Keys, and the General Bolivar .Hotel, tho party, in a vost number of vehicles of all sorts and sizes, arrived at a spot about 2} miles from Walpole's, and after a long search for a suitable locality,; drow up neara scrub, and thero concentrated thoir plans. The posts nnd ropes woro fixed, and nil proceeded smoothly until tho real combatants arrivod. During thoso proceedings a party of polico wero posted at a con- venient distnnco watching, and, ns tho principal actors npponrod, carno on tho ground in timo to put a stop to tho whole affair. This was a soro disappointment, for ns ono pnrty enid-" it was hard lines-12 o'clock and no blow struck." But thus tho whole affuir terminated. Thc party arrived in town shortly boforo <1 o'olock, the whole nflair being n " decided sell."-South Australian Advertiser, Soptombcr 23rd. CAN IT EE POSSIBLK?-Tho Herald, on Wednesday, after alluding to tho intended departure of a body of " fine young men" for New Zealand, and vory libornlly buttering ono Mr Janies Holt, winds up a very mysteri- ous paragraph in tho following still moro mysterious langnogo :-" Wo cm only regret that thoso who have shown so much ability in tho defiance of law in this colony, had been so trained ns to be disposed to support the causo of ordor and loyalty in N. Zealand." Can it he possible that tho " Ano young men" boro alluded to ns being so clover at " tho doflanco of law," aro Messrs Gilbert, O'Meally, Hall, Burko, and Vane, who, follow- ing tho oxccllont cxamplo of thoir Ministerial friends, have " resigned," mid intend forthwith " to leave their country for thoir country's good ?" Should this turn out to bo tho ease, and tho provorbial accuracy of tho Herald warrants tho conclusion, tho thnuks of this colony aro omincntly duo, and aro horeby offered, to tho N. Zealand Government, tor their kindness in nccopting tho valuable services of thoso apostles of " order and loyalty" whoso absence fro n this colony will provo ono of tho greatest blossinga that ever bofel tho Inspoctor Genoral and his gallant " brethren in arms." 