THE LAST OF CREMORNE. Our colonial Vauxhall, after a some what eventful existence of ten years, is about to become a thing of the past. Its glories having some time ago reached the zenith of their lustre, having subsequently become dimmed, and being now, as it would seem, faded beyond the power of revival, are about to disappear and be no more visible to mortal eyes. The scene of many revelries in that excep tional era of Victorian history that we are now in the habit of calling " the old times," of a quieter enjoyment at a less fevered stage of our career, and perhaps of some of the less alarming sins at all times, is about to be dis solved like the penultimate " set" in a pantomime, to give place to the calm ness and tranquillity of domestic life. Its busy day has waned and is nigh its close, but the associations that have gathered round it will remain. Its career has been varied and brief, but its experience has been large and its success fluctuating. Its as pects have been alternately dark and sunny, and its features have been bright to-day and clouded on the mor row. Even as a historical fact in colonial chronicles, the decline and fall of Cre- morne are not unimportant; but as an indication of a certain condition of our social system, they are especially signifi cant. They constitute one among many instances of the rapidity with which the phases of our colonial existence succeed each other. They seem to suggest that we have acquired, by some means, or in consequence of certain conditions, the power of compressing time into a smaller limit, or at least ol bringing within a more defined compass a succession of events. Per haps we are only obeying a rule pre vailing in all new countries, of living fast, and of doing more in a given time than they are in the habit of doing in the older countries of the world. In this way, perhaps, a couple of years may be rendered as useful to mankind as are a dozen on the other side of the equator, for, as some philosopher remarks, we ought not to measure our lives according to their duration, but according to the good we effect in them. It is true that the quantity of labour does not always represent an equivalent amount of good, and per haps if the truth were known, some of our apparent progress is of the Sysiphus kind. Nevertheless, it is also true that most of our institutions are sudden in their inception, rapid in their career, abundant in their changes, and precipitate in their termination. It took a century, more or less, to wit ness all the changes which passed over the fortunes of the London Vauxhall. We are content to see our pleasure gardens go through their mutations, in a tenth of that time. Ours is ra ther a dream than a life, and like those who dream, we make no wonder of the marvels that are passing around us. Our descendants will clothe this age with poetry and romance. To the living generation however these qualities appear to be about the last that we deserve to have attribu ted to us. We are practical and prosaic, our descendants may be practical and prosaic too, but through the mists of many years, we shall seem to them to have been a race of heroes who dared the dangers of long voyages to plant a new world where nothing but savagery had been since the land rose above the ocean, and who, in order to emulate the won ders of the old world, forced their insti tutions into artificial maturity, and as a consequence beheld them experience a too early decay. And Cremorne will be a pointed example in proof. And it will be a further example of how far practice is able to refute some of the most attractive theories. For when Cremorne was founded by Mr. James Ellis, in 1853, there were divers who waxed exceedingly eloquent on the necessity of our amusements being out-of-doors. It seemed to them that we ought to live out-of- doors, to eat, drink and sleep alfresco, and therefore that our pastimes ought to have a character corresponding to this theory. So that it was nothing surprising that the founder of Cremorne expected to make a huge fortune, especially as his first success augured not unfavourably for this result. But there came a cloud even before the good times had ceased to be. For a certain section of society became on a sudden desperately virtu ous, and desirous of limiting the supply of cakes and ale, especially on the first day of every week. So they shut up the publichouses, and as a matter of course they shut up Cremorne. For in those days we were a very thirsty peo ple, and knew not how to associate pleasure with total abstinence. To go to Cremorne on Sunday afternoon, in cluded the consumption of liquors, alcoholic, vinous, and of malt. In those days Cremorne was not impres sively picturesque. It had a new, rough-and-ready and somewhat raw appearance, and it was not prefer red on account of its intrinsic beauties, but because of certain collateral ad vantages it presented. On ordinary nights it was a place to dance in ; on days and nights not ordinary it was a place to drink in, so when there hap pened to be a day wherein neither dan cing nor drinking might go on, it became sad and solitary. Ellis, the first of the Cremorne governors suc cumbed therefore to inevitable destiny and the publican's act. Instead of going out with a fortune, he went out only to go into the insolvent court. Future historians will dispute among each other, whether he is deserving of pity or worthy only of censure. He was disappointed it is true, and perhaps the Government acted not in good faith with him, in permitting him to expend his money and then re pealing the old publican's Act. But the severely correct will see in Mr. Ellis's misfortunes, only a just punishment for his impropriety in cal culating upon profit by an infraction of moral statutes, the obligation to conform to which is imperative. Thus of the founder. He went up with the rapidity of one of his own rockets, and he came down with the celerity of that part of the rocket not principally concerned in corruscation and detonation. At this day we think of him as we think of Hannibal, or the Black Prince, or Chatterton, — or any other man who passed away before he had reached the zenith of his fame. Cremorne has had several masters since his rule, but they are all for gotten save him who is about to lay down the sceptre. And he is one of our remarkable men of whom much has yet to be said, albeit at this moment the sun-ray of popularity shines not so brightly upon him as in some days gone by. Nevertheless he cannot help but be identified with the future of Cremorne, whatever be its coming his tory. The habitue of the Richmond gardens will inevitably mix him up with the dreams that come over him as he lives over again the festivities upon which he will dwell so sadly. The rotunda will seem in his vision to be a crowd of Coppins, madly whirling in a sea of crinoline. The mirrors in the resplendent bar, will reflect a hundred thousand pictures of him. Sebastopol, Delhi, Naples, and Washington will be peopled by no one else. The revolving wheels of " Grand Gift Enterprises " will be full of his cartes de visite. There will be a Fair with a Coppin at every stall, and where every booth will present unli mited numbers of him repeated, as if they had been stamped in a die, or struck off from a plate. The ghost of the unfortunate elephant who died of starvation, will rise with a castle upon his back and a Coppin therein, affixed after the manner of the Great Mogul. The air will be full of balloons steered by hosts of Coppins. The Pantheon will give perpetual performances, in which nobody will perform but Coppin. The lions, birds, and monkeys will join in a general chorus, and they will roar, chatter, and shriek nothing but the name of Coppin. There will be pleasant banquets at which nobody's health but Coppins will be proposed. There will be Eight Hours' gatherings to celebrate the praises of Coppin, and the transparent lamps will be hung across the sky from one horizon to the other, forming the name of Coppin ; while the lake will scintillate with a million reflections of the word. Finally, there will be a grand display of fire works, the same magic letters being displayed in red, blue, and green, and lastly, the dreamer will be conveyed to town by railway, the engine's name being Coppin, and the shrill whistle conveying no sounds to his ears but one prolonged utterance of the same ever lasting patronymic. And when the habitue, no longer dreaming, wanders in the neighbour hood of his former delights, and casts a saddened gaze upon the blank water which shuts it for ever from his sight, he will drop a tear of affectionate regret that it is gone from him for ever, and he will breathe a sigh ol mournful gratitude, as he pronounces the word engraven for ever upon his innermost breast— Coppin ! — Evening News, 9th February. 