MEL BOURNE . LATEST' I N TE L LI G EN CE. (FBOM odb oirs cobresposdest.) - Saturday, 28th November, 1863. ' The Iveans have left, and, as usual at the ap proach of Christmas time, pending the advent of ; the. holidays, matters, theatrical are somewhat dull.; There'are, however, preparations'1 on the stagehand indeed' off it, too-for rendering due honor to the approaching festive season. The Haymarket boards have been enlivened with the acting of Mr. Jeiferson in the same role of characters lately performed by him at Sand hurst. : Owing, however, to the surfeit which the patrons of the Haymarket have for some weeks sustained at the hands of the Kearis,. the un pleasantness of the weather, and the preparations tor Christmas, Mr. Jefferson has not drawn such full houses as on former occasions. At the Royal, the musical play of "Guv Mcunwing" has,been performed throughout the week, Madame Caraiitiini and Messrs/Walter! Sherwin auu Henry Wharton have fully satisfied ' the expectations of the public. This evening Sir. Sullivan appeared in the character of Kir.fr Lcar\ in bis representation of the alternating tenderness and frenzy of the old monarch, achieving a new triumph. An adjourned meeting was held at the store room of Messrs.. Fiazer and. Cohen, to-day, for the purpose of-expressing sympathy with and opening a subscription list for the girl Mary Frazer, and her aged parents, who were mainly indebted to her exertions for their support. The proceedings having reference to a matter on which there could scarcely be any difference of opinion, the attendance was almost limited to business men. The Hon. Mr. Fraser, M.L.C., was elected to the chair. In opening the proceedings, he re- ferred to a note receivcd from His Excellency Sir Charles Darling, expressing his and Lady Darling's sympathy with the unfortunate girl, and enclosing a cheque for £5 in aid of the fund. Several other letters were read from various firms, enclosing sums in aid of the fund. Resolutions were passed to the effect that a committee should be formed to receive subscriptions, with power to disburse any monies collected in the way deemed most conducive to relieving the present suffering and ministering to the future comfort of the un- fortunate girl. The names of the committee ap- pointed are—Messrs. W. K. Thompson, Grassier, Radclifle, Felson, Ferguson, Lang, Solomon, Aitken, R. Gartshorne, Frazer, Montefiore, Mac- kenzie, Cohen, Weedow, Drs. Macarthy and Eades. Several votes of thanks were accorded to gentlemen who had taken an interest in the pro- ceedings. It was announced that £60 had been collected, and that subscriptions could be trans- mitted direct to any member of the committee. Mr. Bushel, after an absence of three and a half years, has again appeared in his electro biology seances, at the Polytechnic, and astonished the natives by his marvellous performances. An entertainment has also been inaugurated this evening, at St. George's Hall, under the title of " Christmas in Old England," accompanied by a diorama, in the preparation of which great deal of expense has been incurred. The diorama consists of twenty pictures, the work of a number of the most celebrated colonial artists, who have been engaged in its prepara tion for the last six months, including Messrs. Chevalier, Greig,J. Hennings, Willis, Appletou, and Freyberger. The drop scene-painted by If. Chevalier,.represents "King Christmas," cup in'hand, surrounded by "St. George and the Dragon," " Mother Hubbard," " Little Red Riding Hood," " Jack the Giant-killer,'' &c.; The first scene is a woodland landscape in the winter season-" Gathering Mistletoe," followed by " Carol Singers at the Door of a Baronial Hall," "Bringing Home of the Yule Log," "London Waits," "The Markets 'at Christmas Time," "Roasting an Ox on the Thames," "Skating on the Serpentine," "Snowballing," " Old Father Christmas," " The Christmas Tree," " Distributing the Christmas Dole," "Christmas Morning in.a Country Churclt," "Feasting the Tenants in a Baronial Hall," " Christmas Dinner of the. Baron and his Friends," " The Ghost Story," " Mummers in a Country Farm House," " Snap dragon." " Sir. .Roger de Coverley," and " The Christmas Pantomime." The. progress of the diorama is illustrated .by Mr. R-y, with his torical notes, anecdotes, passages from the:'best* writers, ballads, and characteristic music, selected' by Mr. Parker, who' also takes part, iii the entertainment. For the presentation of the diorama the hall . has been. fitted I up in the most elaborate manner,' the. reserved seats with a. handsome ..carpet-, 3nd' stuffed seats." The prices of admission arej jea~ sonable. There can. be no doubt that the enter tainment will prove oue of the most popular in Melbourne during the ensuing ieattbri., ,Vr ,T, 