NEW ZEALAND. OlAGO. rom our own Correspondent.} Dunediu, Saturday. 23 Mav. I Since my last communication no later intelli- | gcnce has.reached us from tlie North Island, we await the arrival of a steamer very anxiously aa we fear there will come with it tales of blood shed and acts of savage ferocity committed on the white population by the Maories. The conscription attempted to be raised by promises of grants of lnnd has not resulted in any success. Few men would care to hold land for cultivation up.">n so slight and hazardous a tenure. Yesterday the general elections for Dunedin Proper came off and resulted without exception in every " Old identity" candidate being ; turned, the (t New iniquity,"alias Victoria and New South Wal«F, not standing the ghost of a chance. A'fwiporfc—our lime draw* nigh. We have registered to a man, but must wait six mouths before a vote may be recorded. Then it will bo seen whether the present existing abuses, and their name is legion, will be per mitted to continue. The last escort arrived hereon Thursday with tha following amounts :— ozs. dwts. Qacenstown .. 1,424 15 Arrow Itiver .. 2.075 0 Daustan .. 2,008 5 Taapek* .. 2, 044 15 Wftitiihana ... 055 0 Woolsbed .. 223 15 10,531 10 The Molyneux at the Dunstan is now falling slowly, but certainly. Soon the river claims will be workable, and great are the results looked for. It is certain that many of the miners hold very rich claims. The yield at the Lake districts has fallen away to one-fourth of what it was formerly, and unless new areas are dis covered one-half of the present population will have to go elsewhere. Monday is a close holiday in honor of the Prince of Wales' marriage. All the Batiks and public offices will be closed; the shops shut, and pic-nics, excursions, boat sailing, and fire works were to inaugurate the occasion. The weather is very fine indeed, cold of mornings, but genial and delightful half-an-hour after sunrise. Trade is dull, and all articles of domestic con sumption excessively dear. You will see, however, that the steamers leave Dunedin without taking with them any large number of passengers. Most of the Victo rians will. I think, winter here, which i3 an indication highly favorable to Otago and its belongings. The last vessel which left here for England a few days since took away 50,000 ounces of gold. The reports of the wardens of the various gold-fields, present several interesting details relative to the population, and other statistics of those localities. From them we learn that the estimated population at Gabriel's is now 1500, comprising 050 miners, and 550 others, and that a slight increase in the population has taken place from the Teviot Junction, where the claims are said not to have turned out propiti ously. At Waitahuna the population is said to amount to 350, of whom by far the majority are miners The survey now in progress for the Government race at this gold field had occupied the attention of the Gold Fields Secretary, Mr Vincent Pike, and the warden during the greater portion of the week ending on the 9th instant. Its length is twentyfour miles, and the cost for bringing in fourteen sluice-heads would be about L1500, but, of course, it is im possible to arrive at a correct estimate until Mr Mining Surveyor Diummond has completed his 'plans. A local committee had been appointed by the inhabitants of the district for the pur pose of taking into consideration the best mode of completing the undertaking If there was a fair supply of water there can be littlo doubt that the population would be increased, and during the winter weather it may be ex pected that the escort will be augmented some 70 or 75 per cent, through the probable increase of sluice heads of water in the main gully, where there are now barely three. Those miners who got a regular supply of water are earning good, sometimes extraordinarily good wages. The river rose about a foot last week at Mount Benger, but has since fallen. Large quantities of gold are now being obtained, gold buyers from the Dunstan being almost con stantly there, and over 3,460 oz have been sent from Mount Benger in one fortnight by one buyer alone. Several fresh applications for vater races hav^been made in various parts of the district. The estimated population is 4,500, out of whom about 3,800 are miners. At the Dunstan (where the population numbers 6,130, comprising 4,600 miners), the locality where 1 ist week a prospecting claim was granted to four men, has attracted a few miners, and it has been reported by one of them who had returned for provisions that the ground had answer the expectations of its prospectors and would in all probability afford remunerative employment for 300 or 400 miners. The "Warden of this district: visited the upper portion of the Kawarau Gorge, where the miners were preparing for extensive sluicing operations of the description termed ground sluicing, and a large tract of country just opened at the foot of the Rise Range pro mises to yi°ld good wages for labor of any hind. At the Arrow River, where the esti mated population is 2,750, with a proportion of miners to business people of 40J to 1, the rush to the flat near the township still con tinued, the lead of gold having been traced to the edge of the township. ') he weather here still continues fine, the nights and morniDgs cold and frosty. Some small impediment to work had occurred during the week from the falling snow, which also raised the water in *he wet sinking on the flat. Many of the ! holders of these claimB have applied for protec-! tion which in some instances have been granted. For example, a destitute miner, suffering from disease of the hip joint, and who*e state is considered precarious, lias been placed under medical treatment and housed by the Govern ment. Lastly comes Lake Wakatipu, with its estimated population of 5,500, of whom 4,700 are miners, and of which we are unable to el°an any further information from the Warden's report than that the miners are anxious about the river claims on Shotover. From the returns of population gtven by the different Wardens, it would seem that the gold fields' population show a grand total of 20,500. The City of Hobart arrived here, leaving be hind her, in Melbourne, the English mail for Xew Zealand. So we have been kept without our letters and newspapers because one company could not agree with the other company about the remuneration which should be awarded. Fancy our indignation at the English mail being so ruthlessly and wilfully detained because two steamship owners choose to quarrel or disagree. However, it has resulted in good. A most powerful company is at once about to start into existence, and four large steamers will be laid on between this and Melbourne as soon as they can be purchased. [MESSRS. GREVILCE AND BIRD'S REPORT.] Melbourne, May 29. The City of Hobart arrived this afternoon from Dunedin, bringing dates to the 23rd inst., and 2,664 ozs of gold, and 115 passengers. Mr J. Larabton, the well known carrier, burst a blood vessel on board, and died almoBt instan taneously. The Molyneux was supposed to have reached its lowest level, and an opportunity afforded of testing its supposed rich bed. The majority of the miners were at work, and gold was offering freely. Some claims had turned out remark ably rich, whilst others were worthless. The gold trade at the Lake was dull, but prospects were improved by a discovery of gold in Fox's Flat, Arrow River. The accounts from >'okomai were also more favorable, and ; the escort returns were expected to increase, r Some valuable seams of lignite had been ob tained at the Dunstan, which rendered the want of fuel less felt* The quartz reel at Wfipari wM producing' well, and crashing operations will be carried on | on a more extended scale. A rumor is current of gold .discoveries at Southland. Another hundred diggerB had gone to Buller River, near Nelson. Dr Hector and party had sailed for the "West | Coast, cu nno'her exploring expedition. No further new3.from the seat o£ war. Arrived—HeL.na, from London ; Ceylon, Joshua Bites, and AVm. Mooney, from Mel bourne; Highland Lassie, from Newcastle; •Dragon and Marchioness, from Adelaide. 