FRIDAY, AUGUST-21, 1803. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, .Mr. Fellows moved the second reading of the Supicmo Court Costs Bill, which was agreed to, and the bill committed, and after- wards reported. The Railway Management Bill was further considered in committee. Clause 2, vestiug the railways in Her Majesty, was struck out, and a now clause, vasting the railways in the Board of Land and Works, was adopted. , The third reading of the Mercantile Law I Amendment Bill was made au order of the day for next day. The Refreshment Booms Committees' re- port was agreed to. The Council then adjourned till to-day. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, In answer to Mr. Casey-, Mr. Beales said that since 1859, the posses- sion^ Pental Island, in tho Murray, has been in dispute batween tho Government of this colony and that of New South Wales. Since he bad entered office he had asserted the right of this colony to the island. The Trading Companies Bill was recom- mitted, on the motion of Mr. Ireland, amended, and reported. Mr. Howard moved a resolution in favour of facilities being given by the Government to Dr. Evans to have his claim to a pension tested in the Supremo Corirt. Mr. Edwards seconded the motion. . After some observât ions from Mr. M'Culloch' Mr. Aspinall, Mr. Hea'cs, Mr. Higinbotham> and other members, the motion was agreed to. The Licensed Victuallers Bill waB with drawn from the paper, Mr, M'Culloch stating that a measure on the subject would bo brought in next Session by the Govern- ment. .The Counóil's amendments of the Adulter- ation of Food Bill were agreed to. The Houso then went into committee to consider tho report of the Refreshment Booms Committee. Mr, Howard moved tho adoption of tho report, the principal recDmmendation of which was, that Mr. Palmer, sergeant-at-arms, shfwld be appointed comptroller of the re- freshment-rooms and atables, at a salary of £100 per annum. The motion was agreed to and reported. The Houee next went into committee on Mr. O'Grady's motion in favour of a grant of £1,500 to the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, which was agreed to, and reported. The Assembly then adjourned. Each succeeding telegram from New Zealand begins to assume more and more sensational proportions. It can hardly be said that there is any just causo why cuiiosity shouldgive place to feverish anxiety. It would be unwarrantable for an-Englishman to entertain any doubt as to the ultimate issue of the war, though at present there is no sign of any dis- position on the part of the enemy to bring it to a close. All the old features which excited the wonder of English critics about the last campaign, and mado The Times fretful at its du- ration, aro re-appearing. There is the same elasticity, the same rude sci- ence, the same resilience on defeat. The skill, indeed, with which tn« Maories husband theil resources, the native tact with which they employ to the very best advantage the natural asso- ciations of savage life, the eagerness with which they " turn the dust of com " mon opportunity to gold," speak as highly for the intelligence of tho Maori character as any susceptibility they may have shown to the advances of the missionary. Their courage has always been acknowledged, but there is a method in its exliibition that strikes even veteran troops with surprise. Their plans of attack or retreat-the engineer ing ingenuity displayed in the formation of their rifle-pits-the happy policy with which they select the site of their pahs, and their skill in fortifying them, could not have been surpassed if Vauban had been* among their popular literature, and the Horse Guards among their popular institutions. Wo have only to cast our eye on tho news we publish in another column, to realize to the full Maori daring and enterprise. By a previous message, we were informed that the Avon was engaged in exploring the Waikato Uiver. Wo now learn that she was in- terrupted in her occupation by a body of a thousand natives, who fired on her. The result was, of course, to be expected, the dispersion of tho assailants by a volley or two from her Armstrong guns, but it must be owned that the numerical force of the enemy is not calculated to allay a momentary apprehension. So far back as' the seventeenth of July, it was considered within the margin of probability that a general! rising of all the tribes would take place, Tile omens have, "nil pointed] to that cUmax for _some time, and the | ' Feeling of co patriotism, which the result «f-tlie last war rather encouraged than smothered, only required tho preBsuro of a favourable occasion to dcvelope. It is clear that the New Zealanders are alive to the fact that the present struggle must decide their fate ; and it would not be surprising if every native that could carry arras yielded to tlio influence of tribal relationship aDd took the field. In defiance, however, of malignant ap- pearances, there is much to embolden us in the confidence, that the catastrophe cannot be long averted. As the summer approaches, the state of the roads, always a drawback in winter campaigning, will be so far improved as to aornit of moro active operations. Troops aro gradually congregating to the scene of action, and in a short time General Cameron may reasonably hope to havo made largo additions to his effectivo forces. Auckland offers no easy prey to the marauder, and it will not be difficult, in case of imme- diate necessity, to suspend offensive measures, and dr<l'w' a cordon round the city. The destruction of out- lying property that must ensue will doubtless bo instant, but it will be the settlers' own fault if experience has not taught them to submit to the sacri lice, and provide for their personal safety. Meantime, it would be idle to speculate on the future prospects of the Maories, The first serious disaster, the history of the last war authorises us to expect, will bring them to sue for terms. The problem for solution will be, how to combine clemency with policy, and arrest operations at the moment of success. It will not be fair to the colonists, who have lost their all, to leave any opening for the recurrence of the struggle. At the same time, a war of extermination, in any other than a diplomatic sense, will not be tolerated. As to the ultimate relations which Maori and settler are destined to bear to each other, it is not easy to form an opinion. Equality of citizenship will be impos- sible, and to be the hewers of wood and drawers of water to the conquerors is more than can bo expected or demanded of the conqueied race. India offers no analogy to help us to solution. The barbarous civiliza- tion, so to speak, which Clive and Hastings overthrew was at least a condition of civilization. There was something like organization beneath the surface, although it was well nigh suffocated by the load of superficial gilding that was meant to decorate it. In the Maori annals, we can find no trace of a literature, of laws, or of in- stitutions, that would oSer the slightest clue to the future statesman who should attempt to put them through a pio cess of assimilation to the stranger. People who have so lately been in the habit of dining on their neighbours aro not likely to appreciate those nicer asso- ciations which are involved in fellow citizenship. Missionaries, it is true, havo done much towards toning down the dis- agreeable contrasts of the savage cha- racter, but not long since we were told even missionary confidence had been shaken in the susceptibility of the patients to their treatment. Perhaps yet more significant than even the re- port of a general rising would be, was the news the wires brought us, that Bishop Selwyn had despaired of his i native proselytes. Tho possession of coal is a matter of such vital importance to every country, and especially to a new one, and one so rich in iron and other metals as this is, that the progress of the search for the coal measures in Victoria has a personal interest for every inhabitant of the co- lony. We, therefore, take the earliest opportunity of making public the sub- stance of several reports by Mr. Alfred B. C. Selwyn " relative to examination " of coal-fields," just published by the Government printer among " reports and " papers relative to the mining and geolo " gical survey of Victoria, 1863." There are four of these reports, which are printed in the following order :-1. Geelong District. 2. Capo Patterson and Western Port. 3. Gipps Land, Port Albert, and Welshpool ; 4. Wannon and Portland Bay Districts. Wo shall take these reports in the same order as they stand here, although the more im- portant does not hold the first place. First, then, comes the Geelong District. In Mr. Selwyn's last report relative to the examination of coal-fields, published in June, 1862, it was stated that up to the end of December, 1860, the sum expended, together with the liabilities incurred in boring for coal in the Bella- rine' District, was £1,801. Six bores, each 300 feat deep, had then been made j and a seventh, since carried to a depth of 500 feet, was in progress. In these borings a vertical thickness of over 5,000 feet of the coal strata has been tested, " unfortunately, however, without dis " covering any workable seam of coal." Up to the same date, £767 had been ex- pended in the district in sinking shafts and in carrying on the geological survey ; this has since then "steadily progressed," and is now completed over an area of 805 square miles, bounded on the north and east by the River Werribee, from its mouth to one mile east of Mr. Inglis's station, and thence by a line due south to the sea-coast. On the 22nd March, 1862, Mr. Selwyn submitted a memorandum on the subject of the ex- penditure of the vote for this purpose for the information of the President of the Board of Land and Works, in wrich he says ; " I am very strongly of opinion that in ex- pending the annual vote for prospecting for coal, so long as it amounts only to the very small sum of £1,000, tho proper and moat economical course to pursue is to select the district for trial in which a workable seam of coal, if discovered, would bo most accessible' and consequently most valuahlo for tho in- terests of the colony generally (always pro- vided that the indications tvro equal), and to expend the whole of the vote in that district in such a manner that oome definite result shall be attained. "In. this way each district in succession could be fully tested, and tho question of the occurrence of workable COal seams in it ha definitely determined. Carrying out this view, I was ir-fjaced to select the Geelong an^ Indented F_eaaB District as the one to w^'joh attention Bhould first bo directed, and in 1800 £2,000, W£¡a expended under my direction in sinking "ni boring in that dùtrict, the de tailjl residís of wLiclx w re given in my rerort of last year. As tht rein slatid, though ' upwards of 8,000 feet were t-sted without success, there sill remains a vtry consider, able thickr.es-, enclosed in any part of which a workable coal seam might Le found. ".Last year, after having fully explained to the Geelong Cod Siarch Committee the system I was endcavourlrg to carty out, tiny deter, mined to reservo the £200 then given them until they had sufflcknt in hand to enable them to prosecute tlw work I had commenced In tncTprevious jeir. "There is no doubt it would be very de- sirable* to t:st several localities at once, but so" long as tho vote for the purpose does not ex ceed £1,000, it is certainly ndfhtr economical" nor satisfactory to cut it up into sums of £150 and £200, lo be expended in sinking or boring at random in widi-ly s pw.ittd locjlitios "There ere four districts, in each of which not less than £2,000 might bo most advan- tageously cxptnled ; and the total amount £8,000, is very sma'l when compared with the great impoitanca of tha investlgition to be carried out, and the very fair probtbility that exists of a succojsful result bein? attained. '' The districts I would rccommond for tiial are "lat. Geelong. " 2nd. Valley of Glenelg and Wannon. "3id. Portions of Wei tero Port Bay. " 4th. The neighbourhood oí Welshpool and Port Albert." In July of the same year, Mr. Selwyn was requested by the Geelong Coal Search Committee to undertake tho expenditure 'of the wholo of tho funds at their disposal, and to de- vote them to the prosecution of tho boring in the Bellarine district. In order to fix the best site for the pro- posed bore, and to be assured, as far as possible, against testing strata already proved, a shaft was sunk sixty feet, by which the exact dip of tlio beds was ascer- . tained. This was " satisfactorily com "pleted" on the 10 th August. On theSOth, tenders for boring were called for, and on September 11, one at £180 for 300ft. was accepted. Early in November the first bore had been completed to the depth «>of 300ft. without finding any workable seam of coal. A second shaft further to the westward, and near to the Geelong and Queenscliff road, had to be suspended, at a depth of sixty feet, in consequence of the great influx of water. Tlie last bore was afterwards deepened to a depth of 520ft, without any moro successful result. No further operations have been undertaken in this locality, but "there is still " room for hope that renewed efforts " may prove successful." The total vertical thickness of strata already tested by all the bores and shafts in the Bella- rine district, " supposing the absence of " any extensive faults," would be over 3,500 feet. The actual number of feet sunk or bored, through, including tho bore at Queenscliff, is thus stated :-six bores, 300ft. each, 1,800ft. ; one bore, 500ft. ; another, 520ft. ; one (Queens- cliff), 300ft. * another (Queenscliff), 475ft. ; total 3,595ft. Besides, there had been shafts sunk varying in depth from twenty to ninety-five feet ; total, 1,093ft. ; makiDg a total of shafts and bores of 4,G88ft. The total expenditure for this boring has been £3,124 ; and that for sinking shafts, ,£433. Sir. Seí/wyn is still of opinion that had the bore at Queenscliff been carried to tho depth of 500ft, as it would have been had the great thickness of running sand encountered and the insufficient strength of the pipes not compelled the abandon- ment of the work when a depth of 475ft. had been reached, " if not an artesian well " discharging at the surface, at least a " copious supply of good water could " probably be obtained." We next come to the report for Capo Patterson and Western Port. The Vic- toria Coal Company are still at work at Cape Patterson, and up to 31st De- cember, 1862, had raised 1,264 tons of coal, of which 549 tons had been brought to market. " They aro now advertising," says "Mr, Selwyn, "to deliver their " coal in Melbourne at 35s. per ton." He adds that he understands that two seams of workable thickness and good quality havo been recently cut in some of the company's works. No further discoveries of importance have been made in this district, nor has any of the vote for the past year for pro- specting for coal been spent in it. But we are told that another company is now being formed to work the seams (the " Bock" and " Queen" veins) situ- ated to the east of the Victoria Com- pany's land. In July, 1861, Mr. Davies and others associated with him, reported to the Minister of Mines that they had discovered some encouraging indications of workable coal seams, not ¡previously detected, near Griffiths' Point, and they applied for assistance from the Govern- ment grant to enable them to prosecute their search. On the 22nd of the samo month, Mr. Selwyn reported to the Minister of Mines to the effect, that a shaft had been sunk seventy feet deep, but that the sides had fallen in, and he could not examine it. His observations of the locality, however, showed him in- dications so unfavourable that he says " I should most decidedly not recom " mend the expenditure of a single " penny in prosecuting what I at prc " sent believe a most fruitless cnter " prise." He adds, that the locality under consideration is, in his opinion, one of the least likely in the whole area occupied by coal measures in Western Port district in which to find a profitably workable coalfield. The next report relates to Gipps Land, Port Albert, and Welshpool. Mr, Selwyn says he has no details of tho operations conducted in the district by Dr. Hedley, with the exception of tho particulars given by that gentleman ta Mr. Selwyn of a boro ninety-six feet six inches deep, pi\t down under his superintendence n.oar the Nme-mila Creek, on the read from Alberton to Corner Inlet. A. shaft was commenced by Dr. Hedley for the purpose of cutting two hearns of coal. When Mr. Selwyn "Vast heard," the sinking had reached t'ne "so-called two foot coal,' which p;roved to be only a mixture of black shale and coal, and not a workable. sear-j. x« It is to bo hoped," says Mr, Selwyn, "that the three-foot seam will " be found, when reached, to be of a " better quality ;" but he-, considers that evidence regarding it, the result of » boro alone, cannot bo relied on, "and it " is therefore1 'prematuro to offer- an ?*' opinion on"the character of the seam <. until it has been cut in the shaft." ' Should itbe found to realize Dr. Hedley's '.anticipations as regards thickness and .quality, it may fairly be assumed that 'it will probablybo found to cxtend'over a very considerable area between -the Eranklm.and Albert Hivers ; and-as the whole district over which the coal rocks may lie found in this locality, is favourably situated as %regards the future economy in working and raising the coal, and as it is in close proximity to se ve i al excellent and easily accessible stripping places, Mr. Selwyn thinks u there are fair grounds for hoping that " Dr. I [hdley's discoveries in the dis " tricfc will lead, eventually, to the de " velopment of an extensive and really , The last districts reported on are those of the T.rannon and Portland. Mr. Henty, ia 1861, informed Mr. Selwyn that in the last -named district the strata of the ssries have been discovered cropping out nrar the Bridgewater ; and Mr. Selwyn recommended that, if this was reu Hy the case, some boring should be mo do in that neighbourhood, as the discovery of' a coal seam so close to the ,-ca board " would be incalculably " more valuable than one of similar M quail* y and thickness so far inland as " the valley of tho "Wannon." On May 29, 18(>2, after sundry delays, the secre- tary or the Coal Search Committee, Portland, reported that the operation of sinking for coal had been renewed in the ali tft on the reserve at Coleraine. The depth attained was forty feet, '. through the whole of which carboni * feroiu indications were observed." On the 3ru July in the same year, the secre- tary reported that the shaft at Coleraine had reached a depth of sixty feet, that they tv. ere then unable to continue sink- ing " o iving to a sudden rush of water," and that the committee wished Mr. Sel- wyn to select a site for boring. He recommended the reserve, near the race-couise, Casterton. On April 27, in tho present year, the bore had reached a depth of 280 feet, and on May 5, the secretary reported as follows : " I have the honour to report, for the in "forni.-ition of the Government, that the " boring at Sandford has been carried to " a dej ali of 300 feet, and that the strata " passo.l through consist of shale, with ?" occas-ional bands of dark blue calca " reout. rock and grey sandstones, similar " in every respect to those found in No.' " 1 ami 2 shafts near Coleraine. Acting '.under the instructions of the coal com,-' .. mittue, I havo applied to the Mining .' Depii rtment for a moiety of the vote' in " aid of coal prospecting, to enable us tq " enter into a new contract for 200 feet, " after Seddon completes tho 400, which " will occur in a few days. We ¡ire "working in dark shale, and the indi;. " cations must be considered promising." Thus is tliis important inquiry left at present. If there be one form of enter- prise ur experiment moro than another which should be pushed forward with unflagging zeal and untiring energy, and which more than any other deserves pub- lic and official support, it is this search for coal. Coal and iron stand a country in better stead than gold or precious stones. Iron we have in any quantity ; but till coal is found in workable quan-. tities, iron will remain useless, uncared for. We trust no effort will be wanting, no necessary pecuniary support withheld,' until coal bo found in the requisite quantities, or it be proved that it does not exist. Both Houses of Parliament had but short sittings yesterday. The business before the Council was of no great importance; and in the Lower Houso tho bu6lness of private membi.TS, as is usual on Thursdays, en- gaged tho attention of members. The Trading Companies Bill was recommitt;ed, amended, and repotted. On the motion of Mr. Howard (the Ministry, with the exception of Mr. Heales, assenting), it wbb agreed that Di. Evans should be placed in the same po- sition, as Mr. Duffy and Mr. Ireland, as regards his standing in the Supieme Court to have his right to a pension determined by the judges. A resolution in favour of a grant of £1,500 to the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum was confirmed in committee, on the motion of Mr. O'Grady ; and the House adjourned. Mr. W. G. Palmor, Bergeant-at-arms of the Legislative Assembly, has, on the recommen- dation of the select committee on the refresh- ment-rooms, beon appointed comptroller of the refreshment-rooms and stables attached to the Parliament Houses, with an allowance of £100 per aunum. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Low, Ohaisli y, and Shaw, waited on the bon. Presi- dent of the Board of Lands and Survey yes- terday, to ask for a fresh grant of land for the Malvern church, near tho school-house, in lieu of the site already granted. Mr. Heales pro- mised that a piece of land between tho court- house and Bcbool-house "should bo appropri- ated for this purpose. The mombor for Bodney (Mr Macgregor) has had a notice of motion on the paper of tho;Legislative Assembly forBome time past in favour of a Bum of £6,000 being placed on the Estimates for rewards to the discoverers of now gold- fields. Last night, however, on being called on, the hon. member withdrew tho motion, stating that he underwood the Ministry would place a sum on tho Estimates for 1864 for tho purpose. An Interesting lecture on acclimatisation, a resumí of which we give in another column, was delivered by Mr. A. J. Duffield, at St. George's Hall, last evening, before a highly respectable audience, numbering at least 500, and Including Sir Henry and Lady Barkly and many of our leading colonists. A meeting of the seat-holders of St.Thomas's Church, Essendon, was held on Wednoeday last/at tho school-room, Moonee Ponds, for tho purpose of electing churchwardens in tho toora of Messrs. Moncrieff and Beilly, who ? havo left tho neighbourhood. There was a fair attendance; the Bev. Edward Puckle, minister of tho parish, presiding. Mr. David Tecson was nominated ttustces' churchwar- den ; and, on tbo proposition of Mr. Sugdent< seconded by Mr. Mackillop, Dr. Tweeddale was el'Cted congregation's churchwarden. After Bomo observations fromMeEsra. Martin and Dobbin, tho meeting separated, A special meeting of the Mornington Farmers' Society was held, at the Cranboumo Hotel, on Tueiday laBt, for tho purpose of taking into consideration an offer made some time ago by Mr. Jno. Miscamble, M.R.C.Y.S., to inoculnte a number of cattle, on the con- dition that progress reports be furnished from time to timo to The Argus newfpaper by any society availing thcmf-clvcB of said offer. Irorh tho number of members In attendance it was evident that a deep interest was felt ii the matter. The following propositions were passed unanimously :-" That this meeting; viewing with alarm the rapid spread of plomo-pneumonía among cattlo in tbo dis- trict, accept Mr. Miscamble's offtr to inoculate a number of cittlo under the auspices of the society, ia order to test the value of inocula- tion." " That Dr. Adams, Messrs. Wm. Lyalb E. Malloy, A. Patterson, and E. J. Tucker be a; pointed a sub-committee, to make the n'cessary al rangements to carry out Mr. Miscamble's views, and to watch tho proposed experiments." "That tho secretary bo in-' Btroctcd to apply to the Board of Agriculture for the sum of £100, and also to tho Govern- ment for the sum of £500, as grants In aid of afovcBaid expciimtnts." A dtputation was appointed to wuit on the hon. the Chief Sec- retary with reference to the matter. After pat-sing a vote of thanks to the chairman, Mr J. Lecky, vice-rret>idenfc of the society, the meeting separated. At tho inslanco of a passenger by the ship Queen of the South, which receutly arrived in the bay from Eugland, the immigration officer, Mr. Macfarlane, was induced to lay an informatiDn against John Parlett, chief officer of the vessel, charging him with a breach of the COth section of tho Passengers (Imperial) Act. The cbargo was, that ho had been guilty of having impropor intercourse with the wife of tho complainant while on the voyage to thiB port ; and tho caso was set down for hear- ing at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday. Tho complainant failed to appear, however, at the last moment; and although the de- fendant, tho immigration officer, and wit" ncsses were in court, the charge bad to be abandoned-the Government being put to tho cost of the proceedings in the case so far as it w«.nt. Tho inspector of weight« and measures for the district, Mr. Langtree, sued the municipalcoun.il for recovery of some £6 3s. id. in all, alleged to be due to him in the shape of fees, to which he claimed to bo en- titled in connexion with the adjustment of weights at the municipal weighbridge. On behalf of the couuci), the amount of the ac- count was disputed to begin with, and then it was further shown that the weighbridge and tolls hod b.cn leased for a ptriod of twelvo months, and that by ,a clause in the lease the lessee was the party responsible for all charges so incurred. That having been proved, the Bench nonsuited the plaintiff, with £1 Is. costs, leaving him to (ako his remedy against the lessee. Andrew Timmins, a second-claES pasíengor by the Queen of the South, sued the captain of that ship for the iccovery of a portmanteau, part of his luggage, which had not been landed with his other boxes, and which ho had since been unable to find any trace of. The plain- tiff had shipped under the n ame of Hanway, at Liverpool, and that nama was on all his box-s Two brothers named Kerr were passengers by the ship, and one of them, who had been in Timmins'** service at home, wob authorized by him to look after his luggage. That per- son had taken it on board at Liverpool, and had brought it on shore here. Tho portman- teau was not, according to his statement, amongst the luggage when he took it from the vessel in the bay. There were soveral witnesses examined in the casa, and amongst them the first and third mates of the ship. The two last named proved that the ship had been searched, and that tho portman- teau was not to be found on board. The plaintiff explained that his reason for giving the name of Hanway at Liver- pool was that It's wife had sailed for Aus- tralia about three weeks before him, and that he was desirous of joining lier here> bat had he attempted to Eail from Liverpool under his own name he would have been Btopped by his father and mother, and hence the assumption of a name not bis own. For the defence, it was attempted to be shown that the plaintiff had bIso authorized a pas- senger nimcd Reid to look after his luggage' and the latter might have taken away the portmanteau, not, perhaps, with any felonious intention. Ultimately, the case was arrangedi by consent, in this way-the plaintiff waa awarded £20, tho presumed value of the articles in tho portmanteau, ard the costs were fixed at £2 2s.; the defendant being allowed ten days for payment, in order to give him an opportunity of recovering the luggage» if possible. Mr. Call, Dr. Plummer, and Mr. Swallow wero the presiding magistrates. The fifteenth half-yearly meeting of share- holders of the Studley Park Bridge Company was held last evening, at the Eureka Hotel, Simpson'fl-road, the chair being taken by Dr Barker. As there were not moro than four or five shareholders present, the attention of the chairman was drawn to a provision of the act by which a quorum could bo dispensed with, and tho business of the evening was proceeded witb. The half-yearly report and balance-sheet was read, showing a total re- ceipt from tolls duringthehalf-year amounting to£455 13d.2d.,and stating thatatiustworthy person haviDg tendered for the lease of the tolls on terms satisfactory to tho directors, they had leased them for one year. The traffic was represented to continue favourable In ex- plaining the non-declaration of a dividend, it was stated that the funds had been spent in improvements of the bridge, from which it was anticipated tbat greater benefits to the shareholders would ultimately accrue than would result from their distribution as divi- dend. Mr. Carson oxplained the nature of the improvements. The two arcs which had been left above the level of the line of road- way had been removed, and two placed under- neath, constructed upon a principle known as Bate's patent. The great advantage of tho present construction was the facility with which any portion that required renovation could be taken out and replaced without im- pairing tho stability of the bridge. But, from tho solidity with which the improvements had been executed, it was estimated thnt re- pairs would not be required for a long period. A vote of thanks to the committee terminated tbo proceedings. The anniversary of the St. Kilda Lodge, No. I 8, A.I.O.O.E., waB last Wednesday evening | celebrated hy a banquet at the lodge-room, Host "WatBon's, Bay View Hotel. The oppor- tunity wa3 taken to present a handsome testi-' monial, emblematical of his office, to the | secretary of tho lodge, Bro. W. J, W. Creber, in recognition of the valuable services ren- dered by him sinco his connexion therewith. The District Conrt was occupied for sonco | time yesterday in heating tho case of Currie v. B. B. Nicholson ana Co. This was a suit brought, under the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act, by tho late master of the vessel Rialto, against the owners, for recovery of balance of wages due. Tho plaintiff stated ho had been employed by the deftndants as master of tho vessel Rialto, at a f alary of £17 per month ; that ho had had no settlement since the 23rd of March last ; that the balance of account at present duo ft om the defendants was £30 11s. 10J.; and that he had applied for payment to Mr. Nicholson, but had not received the amount. Being cross- examined, ho said that a debit of £2210". had been ad- mitted by tho défendante, the diffcrenco arising from a disputed item ; but that tho defendants had preferred a counter-claim of £74 2s. lOd. on account of short deliveries and losses. Ho admitted having used two cases ob brandy and one of geneva ; with which he was; charged in this Bet-off of tho defendants. With reference to a deduction of £17 from the ac- count he had tendered, this eil« had bien. refunded by him to tomo passengers at New- castle as compensation for shortness of pro- visions on the voyage. Mr. Hackett.-.' By whose authority was that paid?" Plaintiff. \- " I had no special authority ; the passeDgors threateried actions against the ship, and I paid the money to avoid litigation and loss to the owners. In further cross examination, plaintiff said he would pre- fer . not to answer the question who. ther Bome of the spirits with which he was charged had not baca eold to the passengers» On the part of tho defendants, it was con- tended that the account against tho plaintiff would more than cover the amount of his present claim. In proof of thiB position» Allan Cameron, cloik toB. B. Nicholson and Co., was called, and produced bills to a large amount which had b:en preferred against the defendants by the consignees for short "deliveries of cargo. Thrso bills had been paid by the agents at Newcastle, and some of them wctc for goods made uso of by the plaintiff. Mr. B. B. Nicholson stated that he ad- mitted that the turn of £21 12*. 10J. wag duo to the plaintiff, irrespectivo of the set-off. With reference to the sum of £17 contained in the set-off, the plaintiff had no authority to pay it. The ship was not liable to the claim, not being under the Pas- senger Act. Plaintiff had admitted to witness that bo had sold somo brandy to the passen- ger»?, on which the Jntt.r complained that, by bo doing, he had made the owners liable' to penalty. Advances had been made on the plaintiff's behalf from time to time, and the balance now due was, as above stated, £21 12s. 10d., irrespective of the deduction of £17 paid to passengois, and the bills for Bhort deliveries. Tho plaintiff had admitted that he was indebted, and had offered, if another ship was given him, to work off the defend- ants' claim. Tho Bench having heard the evidence, considered that the plaintiff bid admitted himself indebted in more than the amount claimed, and ho wa«, in consequence, nonsuited. The Suprime Couri, in ita criminal juris- diction, was engaged nearly all day in trying a charge of conspiracy with intent to defraud the Colonial Bank of Australasia, by James Ross Finlayson and Thomas Goodsir, late ac- countant of the Sandhurst b'nnch of the Colonial Bank. The information charged de- fendants with conspiting, the one to impro- perly obtain, and tho other improperly to allow him an overdraft, contrary to the ex- pressed will and orders of the bank manager. It appeared that at this time Finlaysons ac- count had been left overdrawn to the extent of £282 7s. Id , and tho only security held by tho btnk was a small balance duo upon an acceptance by a third party. The jury re- turned a verdict of " Guilty" against both the accused, who wcro remanded for sen- tence. The United Ironmongers' Cricket Club hed a meeting, at Marshall's Hotel, on Wednesday evening, Mr. D. Macnicol in tho chair,when a report was read, and adopted, showing the club to be in a satisfactory position. The first eleven played fourteen matches last season, of which they won eleven, lost one, and two were drawn. The following gentlemen were olected office bearers :-President, Mr. W. K. Thompson ; vice-president, Mr D. Macnicol; secretary, Mr. C. Powell ; treasurer, Mr. J. McLean; match committee, Messrs. Gibson, Stewart, and E. Powell. Necessary steps have been taken to obtain a piece of ground in the South Park Reserve. Several new members were electcd ; and the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Tho Melbourne and University Football ' Club meet again to-morrow, to endeavour to bring their match for the Challengo Cup to a conclusion. As this is the third timo the rival teams will havo tried conclusions, and as each have secured a goal, there is a tole- rable certainty of a definite iesuo being arrived at. Spectators may ba reminded that they will materially assist the attainment of this end by keeping off the playing ground.l Tho Central Committee desire to remind tho colonists of Victoria that it is proposed to close the subscription to the Bridal Gift to the Princess of Wales finally on tho 1st Sep- tember proximo. Thecommittee also wish it to be known that only a very small Bum has yet been collected, and they earnestly invite all who wish that the gift should bo worthy of its object, and who have not yet subscribed, to do so before the date above-named. A lecture is to be delivered at the Me- chanic»' Institute this evening, by Mr. O. Bright, who takes for his subject " Some of our living authors." Apart from its inte- resting nature, the lecture has a claim upon tho public from the fact of its being delivered in aid of the funds of the Victorian Phonetic Society. > The scores mado by the Oastlomaino com- petitors for selection in the Victorian ton in their last trial match were as follow : Captain Couchman, seven ty-six; Corporal Newlands, ninety-five ; and Corporal Cockrum, eighty- one. Tho weather was clear, but the wind was strong and changeable, blowing at times across the range. On the civil sido of the Supremo Court the business yesterday was little moro than formal. A consent decree was taken in a suit in the list. The other business in tho list was postponed, on application by parlies list was postponed, on application by parlies not prepared. A number of probates and ad- ministrations were granted, and insolvent certificates and plans of distribution allowed and confirmed. At the Theatre Royal last evening, an amateur performanca was given by the Orpheus Club, in aid of tho fund for the widows and orphans of those who perished in H.M.S. Orpheus. Tho entertainmout was under the patronage of His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly and an influential committee. The performances consisted of tho burlesque of "Aladdin," tho huco of "Trying it on," and tho tragico-comic extra vaganza'of " Bombastes Furioäo." The house was full in all parts, and the performance went .off In tho most satisfactory manner. Miss Julia Mathews reappeared at the Royal on this occasion, in Aladdin and DistaQina, and was icccived with great applause. After a run of three nights, thedrarnaof the "Haunted Man" gave place, last evening, at the Haymaikct, tu "The Castlo S|ectre," which will b3 repealed this evening, and then. In it" turn, give way to-morrow night to some- thing wl> ich is announced under the rather in- definite title of a novelty. The chaugo has been beneficial to the management, Monk LewiVri drama having drawn a much larger audience than the infinitely superior play of Dickens could do. Thiro was a n arked improven cat last evening as regarded tho illusion ; and the importance of tho invontion is becoming nightly moro apparent. An attempt was made to introduce a double spectre. Firat, wo had the ghost of the ill fated Evelina, and then we were favoured with what pro- fessed to be tho disembodied spirit of tbo sup- posed dead, but only captive, Earl Reginald. The ghost of the sterner sex, however, was not quite a success, and we should be di p*>sed to advise repeated rehearsals heforo the ex- periment is aguin tried. The play, and the apparitions incident to it, were entirely satis- factory to tho audience. The afterpiece was the farce of ' My Precious Betsy," Iho night's entertainment concluding with tho comic hallet of " Vol-au-Vent." A Dutch translation of a selection of Büros'g poems has appeared at Brussels, 