OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Monday, July 27, 1863. Peace or War?— The question has two distinct and very different issues. The one has reference to South Australia in common with the other Australian colonies; the other concerns the far-reaching, in- volved, and apparently insoluble Polish question. I will take the Australian question first. The report of the Royal Commission on our system of secondary punishment and prison discipline, has just appeared. It contains many valuable sugges tions, but with these I need not trouble you. The pressing matter is—what do the Commissioners say on Transportation? I regret to say, that their recommendations are such as we were not led to expect, nor such as sensible, fair-dealing, and expe- rienced men ought to have made. It may be pre- mised that the Commissioners appointed were—Lord Grey, Lord Ness, Lord Cranworth, Lord Chelms ford (who was unable to take any part in the inquiry), Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Henley, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Walpole. Mr. Waddington, the Lord Chief Justice, Mr. E. Gurnev, The O'Connor Don, and Mr. H. E. C. Childers. To a report filling 73 pages all the Commissioners were able to agree, with the exceptions of the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Nass,and Mr. Henley. But the numerous amendments and divisions on them, given in the minutes of pro- ceedings, prove that on many points there were great differences of opinion. The Lord Chief Justice, in an elaborate memorandum, gives his reasons for not agreeing to the report of his fellow Commissioners. Mr. Henley and the Lord Chief Justice concur in condemning the practice of remitting the sentences of prisoners detained in this country ; and as the report recommends a continuance of the system, they respec tively decline to sign it. What is the best means of disposing of our worst convicts? To send them to Western Australia say, the Commissioners. "By far the best chance of making convicts useful members of society," the Report asserts, is to send them, "as convicts and without disguise," to a thinly peopled colony. It advocates an extension of our present very limited system of transportation, and says "fortunately the means exist of carrying our recom mendation into effect," as Western Australia is "admirably adapted" for the purpose. The colonists would willingly receive a greater supply of convict labour, a prison and other suitable buildings have been already provided, while "physical obstacles, quite insuperable, prevent the escape of convicts by land, and there are great facilities for preventing it by sea." The Com missioners, therefore, recommend that, "with the ex ception of those who are physically or otherwise unfit for it, all convicts sentenced to penal servitude of any term of years should be ultimately sent to Western Australia." The report, however, does not propose to revive the old sentence of transportation, as a penalty to be awarded by the Judge. It is no longer regarded with the terror it once inspired. Punish ment should still be imprisonment with forced labor. The form of sentence, therefore, should be penal servi tude for a term of years, with the addition, "to be undergone in such place, at home or abroad, as Her Majesty may direct." It is astonishing in the face of facts of which they could not be ignorant that the Commissioners could make such a recommendation, but it will be gratifying to know that Mr. Childers did not allow it to pass without protest. In page 97 following the report there is this honorable "memo randum :"—" I have signed the report, as I agree generally in its recommendations relative to the length of sentences, to the treatment of offenders in convict prisons, and to their supervision after dis charge. But I dissent from the proposals as to trans portation, both for the reasons stated in the amend ment which I moved to paragraphs 44 and 45. and because, in my opinion, the measures recommended, while costly to this country and odious to her colonies, would at best only afford a brief delay in the solution of a question daily becoming more difficult.—Hugh C. E. Childers." Other protests have already been heard against the conclusions of Hie Commissioners. More than a fortnight ago Mr. Torrens, at a meeting of the Law Amendment Society, strongly objected to the rumoured conclusions of the Commissioners. He protested against the resump- tion and enlargement of this bad system in a neigh bouring colony, exactly on the principle on which an Englishman would object, were a neighbour to post a notice on the land adjoining his dwelling, "Filth and sewage to be shot here." In South Australia, he says, an Act had been passed making it penal for the captain of a ship to land in the colony any condi- tionally-pardoned criminal—in 'short, any ticket-of- leave man. The Act, he admits, is probably re- pugnant to British law, since any British subject permitted to be at large here may go to any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, but "the colonists are determined to uphold it." What course the Government intend to take on the subject has not, at the time I am writing, been an- nounced. On Thursday, in the House of Commons, the Home Secretary, in reply to a question on the Commissioners' Report, said that a Bill would be brought in next session to carry out such of the re commendations as involved a change in the law. "As to the other recommendations of the Commissioners whichacouldabeacarriedaout under the present law by the Executive Government, he had applied to the officials for information as to how far they were practicable." Nothing was said by Sir G. Grey as to transportation, but it is remarkable that the Times,which has all along been advocating a return to this means of punish ment, repeats the 'warning which it gave some weeks ago, and plainly tells the Government that they must not think of sending their convicts in large num bers to Australia. In an article on Friday last occur the following significant paragraphs:—"The Com missioners find that Western Australia is willing to receive any number of convicts, and they consider that they are exonerated from the necessity of in- quiring any further. We venture to assure them that in this respect they will find themselves sig- nally mistaken. Transportation, as they recommend it, will not only operate as a premium to crime, but as a most efficient instrument of discord and dissen sion. With a certainty equal to the operation of the great laws of nature, the free convicts of Western Australia will be transferred to the eastern colonies, where wages are larger and the probability of success in life much greater. Let no one suppose that the colonies of Australia and of New Zealand will tamely and tacitly submit to this infliction. The Colonial office and both Houses of Parliament will be inun dated by angry remonstrances Cram these half-inde pendent Republics, and happy will it be for us if, just as we have completed an enormous outlay for the purposes of convict management, we are pre vailed upon at the instance of our colonies to give up the scheme altogether. If not, we ehall enter on a conflict in which success will be impos- sible, and defeat will be complicated by disgrace. The colonists will pass laws imposing heavy penalties on any convicted felon who shall set foot upon their shores, and they will throw upon the Colonial Secretary the weight of an enormous unpopularity if he advises the Queen to withhold her consent from these Acts. Suppose the consent withheld, the colo nies would infallibly have recourse to other measures. The landing of these obnoxious persons will be re sisted by force, riots will take place, blood will flow, and it will be as impossible to obtain a conviction of any of the rioters as it was to punish the mob a few years ago who burnt down the obnoxious hospital on Staten Island. The colonists will spare nothing to drive us to a point at which we must either give up the right to force convicts on the colonies, or employ military and naval force for their coercion. The choice between two such alternatives cannot be doubt- ful for a moment. We shall be forced to yield, and all with the more disgrace, because the obstacles which we have to encounter have been long thoroughly foreseen." This timely and solemn warning will not, I think, be disregarded by the Government. They will prefer "peace" to "war" with the Australian colonies. And, considering the relations between the Times and the Cabinet, and the power of the "leading journal," such decided language as the above probably indi cates that the recommendations of the Commissioners will not be carried out. Still, there they are - and it is for you and your brother Australians to deter- mine that there shall be no mistake. As I have before said, I believe we shall be better if we are obliged to keep our moral sewage at home. Only by that means shall we be driven to adopt a rational system of penal discipline. "Peace or War." The Czar defies Europe—will Europe pick up the gage? Amid all the excitement and all the indignation caused by the rebuff European diplomacy has received, there is yet every reason to believe that peace will be preserved, and Poland trodden under foot. You are already aware that about the middle of last month France, Austria, and England despatched simultaneous notes to St. Peters burg, suggesting the well-known Six Points as the basis of negotiation. Ever since the air has been filled with rumours on the subject, all tending to convey the impression that the proposals would be substantially accepted. The replies were re ceived at the beginning of last week, and that addressed to the Russian minister at our Court was immediately published. It is a diplomatic slap in the face —substantially a pou>t blank refusal of Earl Russell's propositions. The Imperial Government will not hear of an armis tice, and declines a conference, except with Austria and Prussia, the two other Powers locally interested in the question; as to the Six Points, the Emperor has already decreed, or proposed to decree, something equivalent to most of them, but the complete re-esta bUshment of his authority most come firet. The tone of the reply to Prance is even more insolent—so mso lent that it was kept back for several days, and was only produced when the appearance of the reply to England obliged publication. The Pans corres- pondent of the Daily News thus sums up its most offen- nsive passages:—" It says not a word about accepting the six points 'in principle,' as we were told it had done, but, on the contrary, refuses them, except in bo far as they may be ultimately held by the Czar to coincide with his well-known generous inten tions. It refuses the armistice; it refuses tile conference. In proposing a conference of the three Powers which shared in the partition of Poland, it mocks at France and England, veil knowing that in each a conference Prussia would TOte with the Czar, and that Austria —even if she ahoold be firm in her present attitude—would be over-ruled. The tone of the despatch is ironical and insolent, even more so than the one addressed to London. Far from condescending to defend Russia for her bad government of Poland, Prince Gorstcha koff TnnTroa hitii?fllf an accuser. France is a main promoter of the disturbed state of Poland by the encouragement she gives to Polish refugees who inhabit Paris and have 'social relations' there. He only consents to echo the French opinion that the Polish question is a European one upon condition that the expression shall be understood to refer to the interest of Europe to put down 'the revolution' wherever it shows its head. He will not hear of any concessions until the insurgents shall have uncon ditionally submitted to the Czar's clemency. Every thing tends to show that this answer of Prince Gorst chakoff is well considered, and it seems to me puerile to suppose that any amount of diplomatio rhetoric will induce Russia to flinch from it in the least degree. It is her ultimatum. What next ? and next ? There is no doubt that this haughty and in uniting response has produced the greatest irritation in the mind of the Emperor Hapoleon, and that he would go to the last extremity if he could reckon the support of England." " U England will only help ns now we will make a noise in Europe," M. Drouyn de Lhnys is reported to have said. But his Imperial master, though anxious to act, sees the difficulties of the situation. After the first ebullition of resentment on receiving the Russian reply at Vichy the Emperor is said to have remarked —"I cannot and will not act unsupported." That support he is not likely to get from England, and it is said that at the present moment he has not more than 115,000 men in France free to take the field. Everything seemed to hinge upon the Polish debate in the House of Commons on Monday night, in which Mr. Horsman, in his most eloquent periods, solemnly urged Lord Palmerston to declare for Poland, with the French, Prussian, and other ambas sadors for his auditors. The Premier's reply, though sot so decided as that of Mr. Gladstone, or so explicit as the speeches of Earl Russell in the Lords, held out no promise of ulterior measures. The Government, aaid his lordship, had gone as far as public opinion and Parliament required. The demand that Poland should be constituted a separate kingdom "could only be enforced by war, and successful war." "Her Majesty's Government are not prepared to take that course." The Government would strive, in conjunction with the other Powers," to stop the sacrifice of life in this struggle, which it is so painful to witness, and which seems to be extending day by day and acquiring greater range than before." Only that morning the Russian reply had been received, and it would be their duty to deliberate on the answer which should be returned. "Thereupon Mr. Horsman withdrew bis motion. But as the public mind of France is greatly excited on the subject, I reserve any further remarks for a post- Script. The Austrian Government, immediately on re ceipt of Prince Gortschakoffs note, telegraphed to St. Petersburgb, promptly declining the Conference proposed between itself, Russia, and Prussia, and has since sent a despatch to the French and British Courts, stating that the concord existing between the three Cabinets of Vienna, London, and Paris, establishes between them ties which Austria cannot now break to negotiate separately with Russia. Earl 3B,u?sell says, that the understanding between the three Cabinets is complete. Meanwhile, the war in Poland proceeds, though the insurgents are increasingly unequal to the strug gle. The Polish leaders continue to fell one by one, and their bands are sooner or latter crushed by supe rior numbers. Wielopolski, the Russianized Pole, lias gone, vnd General Berg now rules supreme at Warsaw, but with all bis efforts he cannot discover the Secret National Government, which issue decrees, levies taxes, even as far as Cracow, orders railway officials to cease their functions, and knows what takes place in the Palace of the Archduke Constantino. What is now going on in Poland was described with much eloquence by fits Sari of EUenborough on Friday night * Russia, if she proceeds in the course upon which she has en tered, will render ite retention impossible. Let her look at what Poland has been to her for the last 33 years. Has ehe derived any advantage from it ? Has It not, on the contrary, cost a great deal more than it has produced, and occupied a large portion of her army? Has she derived any prestige from the pos session of Poland ? Quite the contrary. Prestige arises from a succession, of victories, from success in aD operations. In Poland hers has been a continual failure during the life of man—a failure because ehe has been persisting in. that which is wrong—l wish Uiat the Emperor, who speaks through his Ministers, against what he calls revolution, attributing to revo volntioiMry feelings in France and other countries that which takes place in Poland—would consider that he is liitrmalf at this moment the first revolutionist in Europe. (Hear, hear.) He is placing himself at the head of the emancipated eerfs against their late Busters, and against the proprietors of land in every part of Poland. It is a popular insurrection against property, and the Emperor is at the head of it. My lords, it never answers for an Emperor to adopt that line. He may depend upon it Oat he and his family will suffer for the confusion and the danger which they are exciting in Poland. Is it pos sible for him not to know, if he looks through any portion of history—more especially that of eastern countries, with which he is greatly more connected than with the west—(hear hear)—is it possible for him not to know that justice and generosity on the part of a man in the possession of great power are more efficacious in the management and government of nations than the greatest severities that can be exercised; that severity may, for an instant, create an apparent calm, but that that calm is delusive, and is always followed by a reaction which produces a state of things more dangerous than that which pre ceded the calm? My lords, there have been atro cities mentioned arising out of the proclamations with respect to the treatment of women, which it Appears to me impossible that any one who lives in civilized Europe should at any time have sanctioned. (Hear, hear.) The man who outrages a woman yn?Va? manTrinfl his enemy, and exposes himixilf to all the consequences of the loathing which he excites. (Hear, hear.) And yet it is impossible to doubt that under the orders of Mouravieff—and Mouravieff is at this time apparently the favourite agent of the Russian Government—these atrocities are committed. (Hear, hear.)" The Russian replies were not s mere brvtumfulmen. Besides about 100,000 men in Congress Poland and 125,000 in the old provinces of Lithuania, Volhynia, Podolias and the XTkrane, the Czar, simultaneously with the despatch of the notes to the Western Powers, decreed the levy of 300,000 addi tional men — a plain intimation that he is prepared to hold his ground against all comers. Public opinion backs him up. All signs of revolution in Russia have disappeared. According to the Polish correspondent of tie Times, himself a friend of the national cause, " the effect of the rising has been to rally all the moderate reform party in Russia —all the landed proprietors who a year and a fr?lf ago were bo urgent, and in some places so peremptory, in their demands for a constitution—to the Crown. Prince Alexander Schtcherbutofi^ who was one of the two most conspicuous leaders of the Constitutional party in the Moscow Assembly of 1862, is sow Mayor of Moscow and President of an elective Municipal Council which possesses con siderable local power; and it was he who obtained permission to form the volunteer companies which are to replace regular troops at Moscow, in order that a greater number of the latter may be available for ser vice in Poland. Hitherto the Polish insurrection 1 has only had the effect of inpr?AaiTig the internal strength of Russia proper." To- morrow the session of Parliament comes to an end. Much talk and few measures has been its characteristic; contrary to the usual result, the debates have maintained their interest to the last. If X were to expatiate on those of the past month, I might easily occupy a very large space, besides dis gusting your readers. Yet Mr. Osborne's witty and damaging assault on the Irish Church is a tempting theme. So also are the debates on Pola&d; in both Houses. The discussions on the abrogation of University degrees, for you must know that thongh Oxford condescends to open the door half-way to the Jissenter, when he wants to come in for an M.A. degree, slams it in his face. Then, there is the subject of the burial service, on which the Lords have had a second debate. It (seems that the Bishops can't agree on the nature of the alteration to be made, and are going to consult—whom think you ? Convocation— convocation, the ghost of a representative assembly, which probably the majority of the clergy repudiate, if they don't laugh at it. In this discussion, the Arch bishop of York said that, " from the divided feeling of the bishops, as shown at the meeting adverted to, he had no sanguine hopes that any agreement could be come to by next session of Parliament such as would he necessary to legislation. A small sect might TnAtnfaim within it strict discipline on euoh points as this, but strict discipline could not be re-established in the Church of England without denationalising the Church. He could see no prac tical issue to the various propositions which had been nude upon the subject In cases in which the de ceased had notoriously died in great sin the burial service was totally inappropriate; there was only one appropriate service in such cases—a service of com plete silence. No softening or twisting of the words of the service would be of any avail, and he hoped no legislation in that spirit and with that purpose would be adopted." However the bishops are going to try ?gain, The most remarkable debate of the month, if not of the session, took place in the Commons on the 2nd instant, on the vote for the purchase of the Exhi bition Building. I must premise that there is a set of men called " the South Kensington clique," who mismanaged the Exhibition last year, and hare for years been striving to drag as many of the public exhibitions as possible to Kensing ton. It is they who got op the South Kensing ton Museum, and -who are ever dragging at the National Gallery and British Museum. Thia clique are in very bad odour in the House of Commons, for they are continually trying to reverse its settled decisions. But they are popular at Court. At least the Queen favors them, because the late Prince Consort patronised them, and Her Majesty desired to preserve the Exhibition Building out of her pious regard for his memory. But the Commons were ominously restive when Lord Palmerston induced them to purchase the land on which the Exhibition stood, and the vote for the building was postponed as long as possible. In truth, I suppose, Ministers did not relish the job themselves. Well, on the appointed day Jupiter Tonans —the cloud-compelling Palmerston—was not in the House—an attack of gout J keeping him at home. Here was an opportunity. Mr. Gladstone brought on the vote of £80,000 to preserve the "Noah's Ark," and supported it by arguments which irritated rather than convinced the House. Soon after followed a scene of uproar and confusion, which has been thus described by a weekly newspaper: —"Armed with a colored plan of the ground-work of the building on a large scale Mr. Gladstone proceeded to describe with much per suasive eloquence what the Government proposed to do. He did not intend to indulge in any enthusiasm himaaif, but Mr. Scott and Mr. Smirke had given it 'as their deliberate opinion that the building is capable of being bo embellished on the exterior surface as to be made a very handsome structure. 9 (Great laughter.) Nothing staggered by this outburst, Mr. Gladstone took the House, as it were, by the button, as he proceeded to unbosom himself. ' See,' he said, 'how we've reduced our proposal. Only £80,000 for the building, and £25,000 for the preli minary adaptation, throwing over to the future the domes, and 12} out of 17 acres.' But though the House listened in quiet, or with only an occasional satirical cheer, it was evidently by no means convinced. Lord Elcho followed with a stern protest against the scheme being forced down the throat of Parliament, and quoted the report of the Institute of Architects strongly condemnatory of theproposal, and the opinion of a distinguished Frenchman, who thinks the ' de testable ' building can only be kept standing on the principle of the Spartans when they exhibited to their children a drunken Helot. Mr. Tite, as an architect, mildly supported Lord Elcho, and Mr. C. Bentdnck brought down his sledge-hammer upon ' that enormous pile of extravagance, inconvenience, and bad taste,' which was 'but an attempt to get in the small end of the wedge.' Mr. Cowper was listened to, but without a par ticle of sympathy; and even Lord EL Lennox, a more acceptable speaker, could not gQd the pul which the Commons were asked to swallow. Mr. Doulton in a few vigorous sentences exposed the 'immense job,' and asked for its rejection, though the leaders on both aides —who only seemed to agree when some great abuse was to be maintained—had given it their sanction. Mr. Gregory, speaking with less heat than on the former occasion, held that Government had treated the House with a total want of respect in 'pitching an estimate before them,and telling them to accept if. Either Ministers had been culpably ignorant, or had practised 'a palpable deception,' and the House loudly cheered the last statement 'Let us build only what we require,' said the member for Galway, with much point. 'By adopting that course we shall avoid the risk of having every institution in London swept down to Kensing ton/and secure something well suited for the recep tion of the national collections, instead of having on our hands a rickety building which will probably some day tumble down about its contents.' And, lastly, he appealed to Mr. Disraeli1 c 'yearnings for economy.' Instead of the Opposition leader, Sir Stafford Northeote rose, but as he proceeded—apparently talking against time—cries of ' Divide' were heard, which swelled into groans, till his voice was drowned. At a hint from Mr. Disraeli, he moved the adjourn ment of the debate. Mr. Lowe was extinguished in s similar mannm-, only more quickly. Then ensued a scene of strange uproar and confusion. Mr. Disraeli rose to quell the Btorm, but was shouted down by his own side, but after some interval got a short hearing. At last Sir Stafford moved that the vote be reduced by £25,000. Bat the members were in no mood for compromise, especially after a speech from bluff Mr. Henley, whose strong English sense revolted against the treatment the House of Commons had received. ? Send back the proposal, and let Go vernment consider this matter during the recess. 9 The suggestion met with thundering oheers. Sir Morton Peto, and afterwards the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself were pnt down by impatient cries. A stentorian *No' rang through the House as Mr. Hassey put tile question, which was changed to loud and prolonged cheers when it was announced that the vote was thrown out by a majority of 166." But who can do justice to Mr. Boebuck, Ambassador B most extraordinary" as Mr. Bright felicitously called him to the Emperor of the French, " Tear*em"—his own patronymic, intended to denote his increasing watchfulness over England's enpmirw. X had nearly said—l mean —neighb yore, but sepecially the Impawn*. despot: —Teai'em and Mr. Lindsay, like a oouple of bnsybodiee, go over to Paris to See if they can't do a stroke for the Southern Confederation. They are invited to Fontainbleau —for (he Emperor is rather tree in giving audience to Englishmen. With what intense curiosity must he have Burveyed his wiATinilriTi foe, who has so often made the welkin ring with bis bark against Louis Napoleon. The favoured pair come back, and Mr. Roebuck gives notice of a motion for the recognition of the Confederates. The eventful day came, and Tear'em was in his place big with his mighty secret. Bead his speech—every sen tence xendolsnt of the infallible ?* I." He urged that the time had come for recognition by France and England, which would pnt an end to the war. He stated that he was personally authorised by the ruler of France to express his feelings on this question, which were stronger than ever in favour of recognition of the South; and he was assured by the Emperor himself that he had desired Baron Gros to communicate that opinion to the English Government, although this communication was not formal. The Emperor stated his reason for not ?n?lriT?p a formal communication, because his despatch on the same subject on a former occasion had been sent by the English Government to the United States; but he authorised him (Mr. Eoebuck) to Btate to the House that he was prepared to act in all things with England, and especially in the matter of the recognition of the Southern States. After this, what excuse could be made by Her Majesty's Go vernment for not taking that step ? The House is very tolerant to the irascible and egotistical member for Sheffield, on account of past services and his un questioned ability. But this fetching and carrying for a foreign sovereign was more than it could tole rate, especially as it was intended to strike through the Emperor at the British Government. Mr. Bright seized the opportunity, and gave Tearem a castiga turn, which was greatly enjoyed and loudly cheered; and finally rose up Sir G. Grey (Lord Palmerston being absent) to say that Baron Groe had waited on him to say that bis Imperial master had no commu nication to make to the British Government, and had authorised no one to make any on his behalf. This was a drop for the Ambassador Extra ordinary, who, nevertheless persisted in adjourn ing the debate till Lord Palmerston was present, On the 13th the subject was resumed, and then .Mr. Roebuck, out of his great respect for Lord Palmerston, withdrew his motion. As the Manchester Examiner says—"Tear'em has the canine vice of being a great respecter of persons. He snaps at honest under strappers, tears a hole in Mr. Gladstone's trousers, and flies at poor Mr. Layard's shins; but when the master makes his appearance with his riding-whip, our poor brute claps his belly to the ground and whines." But for all his servility, Mr. Boebuck did not escape a cut of "the riding-whip." Lord Pal merston was mild and complimentary, but he ex pressed the hope " that this would be fee last time when any member would think it his duty to com municate to the British House of Commons what might have passed between him and the sovereign of a foreign country. (Load cheers.) The British Parliament only received communica tions from the Sovereign of the United Kingdom. It had no communications, no intercourse, and no official knowledge of any foreign sovereign. He had thought it right to place these protests on record, as far as a statement conld do so, that this proceeding was highly irregular, and he trusted that it would never be made a precedent. If the Emperor had, in consequence of the representations of his hon. friends, any communication to make to the British Parlia ment, it ought to have come through the regular official channels. It was not the habit of British Governments to carry on a double diplomacy, and he objected to have private communications on matters which ought to be the subject of public negotiation. For this reason, both he and Earl Bus?ell had de clined to receive Mr. Lindsay's personal statements of his interviews with the Emperor of the French." Thus has Mr. Boebuck by his official meddling done more damage to the Confederates than the most persevering silence would have caused. Before passing from Parliamentary matters, it may be mentioned that on the 17th there was an interest ing discussion on the proposed Panama route to Australia. Sir Stafford Northcote having urged the importance of this mode of communication, Mr. Frederick Peel spoke as follows: —" Any one who recollects the difficulties which attended the first establishment of mail communication with Australia must be gratified at the certainty and regularity, on which entire dependence might be placed,, with which the mail service with Australia was now conducted under the contract with the Peninsular and Oriental Company. The di?tuto? w*f Tery great; aeoesawily the expense also was very considerable, and it was not surprising that the receipts of this country from the postage in letters between Marseilles and Aus tralia by no means covered the expense to which the country was put for the maintenance of that commu nication. He believed that last year our shore of the receipts from postage did not amount to more than £33,000, while the sum we had to pay, giviug credit for the expense of one-half of the entire cost of the service which we received from the colonies, was not lees than between £90,000 and £100,000, bo that we lo?t not less than £70,000. The present postage was only 6d. per half ounce. He thought it might very reasonably be increased to le. the half ounce. In that case the objection to a second monthly communication with Australia might be re moved. The question would then arise as to the route —Would the route by Panama be preferable for the second route to the route by way of Suez ? There was no port in Australia nearer to this country by way of Panama than by way of Suez. Even the port of Sydney was nearer in point of distance to this country by Suez than by way of Panama, and if they took Melbourne as the centre of Aus tralia—one half of the correspondence being' doe to the colony of Victoria—taking Mel bourne as the centre, the route by Suez was preferable to that of Panama, to no less extent than 3,000 miles. They ought also to remember that j at present we were able to communicate with Mel bourne in 45 day? from this country, whereas we could not expect to communicate with Melbourne if we adopted the Panama route in less than 55 days. Then tit? both ends of the Suez route we bad tie means of anticipating the intelligence by telegraph. No doubt, if we had two fortnightly communications with Australia—one by way of Suez and another by way of Panama—the intelligence by Panama would be anticipated by means of the telegraph and the packet which should leave Australia a fortnight biter. The next consideration was as to expense. New South Wales and New Zealand had voted £80,000 a-year as a contribution of one-half of the expense of a mail between Panama and Australia. When tenders were called for by the late Government it was found that the amounts varied from £160,000 to £220,000, and he bad no reason to sup pose that the service could be performed for less. The Government did not consider that they would be jus tified in adding to the present expenditure so much as would be represented by one-half of the costof an additional contract. He might state that within the last few days the Peninsular and Oriental Company had made what he considered was a very moderate and reasonable offer. That Company offered to double the communication between Ceylon and Aus tralia for aa additional sum of £50,000 a year. The present payment was £134,000 a year for a monthly communication between Ceylon and Australia, and for a fortnightly communication £50,000 additional was asked. That was an offer deserving of considera tion, and upon which communications could be addressed to the Australian colonies." It is but a fortnight since Mr. Boebuck withdrew iris motion for the recognition of the Confederate States, with an intimation that the Southerners were probably at that moment settling the matter for themselves. How fallacious are all prophecies about America ! One little fortnight ! and Lee has been in Pennsylvania, harrying the State and threatening at one and the same time Washington, Baltimore, and Philadelphia. He is once again in Virginia after having been repulsed, if not beaten in another Antietam (at Gettysburg) by Meade, a General new to fame, with immense loss. Vicksburg has fallen ; Port Hudson has capitulated ; Price has been beaten at Helena; Bragg has fled with his army, Rosencranz hanging on his rear ; Sherman has defeated Johnson ; and Charleston is being again assailed. With the exception of the remnants of Johnson's army, all Mississippi is free from the Confederate forces, and all Tennessee—States which would, I suppose swallow up the United Kingdom in their expanse. Morgan is still making a flying trip through Kentucky, but he will soon disappear, with the chance of Rosencranz falling upon him. It is a stupendous change in the situation ; and according to all accounts the Con- federates cannot raise the men to continue the war on the same huge scale. Strange to say the only connected account given by our press of the action at Gettysburg, which checked the progress of Lee in the North, and sent him back across the Potomac, is that by the New York correspondent of the Daily News. He writes under date of July 7, and considering his great Northern bias, with evident fairness. Lee, he says, determined on the invasion of the North immediately after the battle of Chancellorsville, which was fought on May 2 and May 3. According to the Richmond Examiner, the plan was his own ; but Longstreet's Adjutant- General, who has been captured, says that it was Davis's, and that Lee disapproved of it:— "The month of May was passed in preparation, and the movement was heralded by awful and ominous threats of vengeance and retaliation in the Richmond press. Hooker was watching him closely, but the main body got away from Fredericksburg without his knowing it on the 12th and 13th of June. A week previously positive information was received of the massing of the Confederate cavalry, under Stuart, at Brandy Station, ten miles up the Rappahannock, and it was attacked, and a good deal cut up by Pleasanton. But the impression was very general at the North and in the Federal army at that time that it was this cavalry force alone that was intended to cross into Pennsyl- vania, and that the object was merely a raid. On the 13th of June General Ewell, at the head of Jackson's old corps, attacked Milroy at Whinchester, carried his works by storm and captured half his force with all his guns and stores. Attacks were made simulta- neously on Berryville and Martinsburg, and by the end of the week the Shenandoah Valley was cleared of the Federal forces at all points, except at Harper's Ferry. On the 15th the cavalry crossed the Potomac pushed up the Cumberland Valley and re-oeenpied Chambersburg the same night; and on that day also the President Lincoln issued a call for 120,000 men from the Militia of New York, New Jersey, Pennsyl vania, and Ohio." The main body of Lee's forces had been in the meantime describing a large circle from Fredericks- burg up to the Potomac by Fairfax Court-House, Rappahanneck, and Front Royal, into the Shenan- doah Valley; and, after Hooker became certain of their departure, he also broke up his camp, and reached Fairfax Court-House by forced marches, ex- tended his right up as far as Leesburg, and pushed his cavalry towards the Blue Ridge to hang on the enemy's flank:— "During the night of the 16th and 17th, Lee passed the Potomac at Williamsport Ford in force, and by the 18th the whole army was in Maryland and Pennsylvania. Ewell then began to move slowly but steadily up the valley on Harrisburg, and another column moved through Gettysburg, so as to strike the Susquehanna at Wrightsville, both of them levy- ing contributions, and driving off cattle and horses along the whole route. It was not until the 24th, however, that a respectable militia force had been concentrated under Couch, at Harrisburg and along the Susquehanna, to resist him. He was five or six miles from Harrisburg when he first paused in his movements. On the 25th and 26th Lee's rear- guard crossed the river, and then, but not till then, Hooker crossed also at Washington, and moved slowly up through Maryland as far as Frederick, watching him closely, but apparently anxious to let him push on north as far as he pleased; but covering Washington and Baltimore, Lee still went on, but more slowly, and with a good deal of apparent incer- titude. He was probably puzzled by the unusual coolness of the Federals." On the 28th Hooker was at Frederick and Lee at Hagerstown, 40 miles north-east of him ; and on that day Hooker was removed, and Meade put in his place :— "On the following day the ball was opened by Meade's launching Pleasanton's splendid cavalry on the enemy's right flank at Hanover, half-way between Gettysburg and the Susquehanna, where he defeated Stuart with great loss, and drove him back on Gettys- burg ; and Meade himself and the main body began to push by rapid marches towards the same place. Lee now began to rouse himself and concentrate his forces. Ewell was hastily recalled from Harrisburg, and on Wednesday, July 1, Meade's advance, con- sisting of the 1st and 11th corps, under Reynolds, came in collision with Ewell and Longstreet east of Gettysburg, and after a sharp conflict, lasting six or seven hours, the Federals fell back on the main body, which had now come up, and occupied a position immediately behind the town, a triangular elevation, their centre at the apex, and the wings disposed along the sides. A crisis was clearly at hand. Whether Lee meant to advance or retreat, Meade's destruction was necessary, and after his de- struction Baltimore and Washington were at the mercy of the invader. I shall not attempt to describe the anxiety which pervaded all classes of the commu- nity here and all over the North on that Wednesday evening and the following morning. The army of the Potomac could hardly have been in so high a state of morale as Lee's, and it was being handled by a General who had taken the command of it only four days previously without a minute's notice. More- over, it had no reserve but the militia, so that the consequences of a reverse would have been so disastrous that people dreaded, though they could not help dwelling on them. But the predominant feeling, I am bound to say, was one of intense eager- ness that this opportunity—for an opportunity every one considered it —should not be lost of destroying the Confederate army. The opinion was universal that although it might inflict immense damage on the North, it had got into a trap from which it ought never to get out." Wednesday afternon and Thursday morning were occupied by both parties in making their final dispo- sitions :— "On Thursday morning it was evident that the whole force on both sides was present, and that the condict that was impending was going to be fatal to one or other. Meade had made his arrangements with great skill. His position was not over a mile long, and behind his line was massed immense re- serves, in an open country, in which movement was easy. At the apex of the triangle on his extreme front was an elevation occupied by a cemetery, and called the Cemetery Hill, looking down directly on the village. In the village were the enemy's sharp- shooters, and on a semi-circular range of hills on the other side was Lee's army, covered by a double line of batteries. On Meade's right was a fordable stream, known as Rocky Creek, and on his left the ground near the centre slopes gently towards the Emmetsburgh road. The Cemetery Hill was held by the first and eleventh corps, as they had fallen back after Wednesday's fight. The left was held by the third and second, and the right by the twelfth ; the fifth and sixth were in reserve. The in- terior space between the lines was an open plateau, and you will easily perceive that the communication between the different sides of the triangle was short and easy, that every corps might be said to form a reserve for every other, except in the improbable event of an attack along the whole line." At four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, the 2nd, after a brief cannonade, the whole of Longstreet's corps flung itself desperately, in their usually fierce, impetuous style, upon Sickle's and Hancock's corps on the left centre, and after a short and desperate struggle were repulsed with great slaughter, and the loss of 1,500 prisoners, by the arrival of the 5th and 6th, which had been held in reserve: — "The non- appearance of any of Ewell's troops amongst the prisoners excited some anxiety, as it was feared he was not in front, but was operating in some way against the rear. But at 9 o'clock p.m., just at nightfall, he assaulted the Federal centre, and was driven off the same way with great loss. The night passed quietly. General Meade telegraphed to Washington that ' they had made no impression on his position,' and early the next morning everybody over the whole North knew it, and the tide of exulta- tation began to mount. At 1 o'clock on the follow ing day (Friday,) the 3rd instant, Lee massed 150 guns upon the same portion of the Federal position, and for three mortal hours swept the plateau with a tempest of shot, which was vigorously replied to by the Federal artillery ; but, owing to the Confederates not having got the range properly, the infantry lying down on the slope suffered little. At 4 p.m., some of the Federal guns began to withdraw, to procure fresh supplies of ammunition, and make way for the re- serves to take their places. The movement was taken by Lee as a sign of ebranlement, and Ewell's corps was instantly pushed forward across the hollow, with Longstreet's following as a support, and they both mounted the slope in solid columns of divisions, with loud yells for a final and desperate effort. Meade was, however, ready for them, and had the second, third, and fifth, and twelfth corps massed to receive them. The shock of the onset was terrific. The first Federal line was borne down, and the head of the column penetrated, in spite of the slaughter, into the space between the third and fifth corps, when it was met by the reserves with fixed bayonets, forced down the slope, and there found itself under a fire so ter- rible, that the whole mass melted away. The Florida brigade of Longstreet's corps actually threw down its arms, and the men crept on their hands and knees into the Federal lines. The slaughter was terrible, and 3,000 prisoners remained in the hands of the Federals. The battle was over, and Lee made his escape in the night, leaving all his dead and wounded and 1,100 stragglers behind him. The emigration fever is not co violent as it was, the great increase of employment in Lancashire having abated the desire to leave the country for the colonies. It will be seen that of the 121,214 emi grants last year nearly 34 per cent.—a large propor tion, considering the circumstances—went to Aus tralia and New Zealand. 121,765 emigrants left the shores of the United Kingdom in the first six months of the present year, a larger number than in the*wholc year in either 1862 or 186 L 81,883 have gone to the United States, 56,551 of them ascertained to be Irish; 9,756 have gone to British North America, 28,346 to Australia and New Zealand, 558 to South Africa, and the remaining 1,222 to other places. In their last return the Emigration Commissioners state as their belief that the great increase in the Irish emigration of the present year is to be attri buted rather to the distress caused in Ireland by an unfortunate succession of bad seasons, and to the high wages now prevailing in the United States, than to any preconceived intention on the part of the emi grants to take service with either party in the civil war now raging. Turning from the general to thei particular it will be seen that the Commissioners havej again chartered the Sir John Lawrence for Adelaide. She will take out 278 statute adulte, none of whom are likely to be free emigrants except the single women. She will probably sail by the first week in September. The Adamant, with 377 souls, left Plymouth for your port on the 4th inst. By the way I see the Register has been betrayed into a blunder, which blander involves an injustice to the agents of the colony here. Probably it has been corrected long ere this. In the case of the Mary Shepherd the Register complained that there were under 50 emi grants with colonial certificates on board the Mary Shepherd, and that it seemed that the agents on this aide were giving fieo emigrants the preference. But if your contemporary bad made enquiries in the right quarter be would have found that on board that vessel there were no more than 41i free and 192£ United Kingdom assisted. POSTSCRIPT. There are certainly menacing clouds on the horizon, though whether they will pass away or descend in a ?torm it would be rash to predict. There is great and inwflfling anxiety throughout Europe on the Polish question, which is not allayed by the succes sive panics on the Paris Bourse said to be caused or increased by the sales of the Credit Mbbflier, the leading managers of which are understood to be in high political confidence. Our Stock Ex change has caught the infection. The war like speeches in the Lords on Friday, Earl BusselTe careful endeavours to explain away his former statement that, under no circumstances ought this country to go to ?ar in reference to Poland, (he publication of a very grave despatch from Lord Napier, describing this feeling for the Russian Government, and the reports of correspondents at Paris increase the prevalent uneasiness. The Paris correspondent of the Times writing on Saturday, after expressing the gratification which had been caused by the fidelity of Austria, goes on to say:— " The three Powers are resolved not to give up the cause they have taken in hand, and are pledged to another effort. It was for a time uncertain whether they should answer the Russian! notes, or break off all further negotiation. It was urged, however, on the part of France that Prince Gortschakoff should not be allowed to have the last word. The French Government proposed that another note, drawn up in identical, or nearly identical terms, and which should be at the same time a refutation of the Russian note, and an offer of the very least they would accept, should be prepared. The draught of this new note has been sent to London and Vienna for adoption, with a margin left for whatever modifications the two Cabinets may think fit to introduce. As no difficulty is antici pated, the answers of both will probably be received here on Tuesday or Wednesday next, and this note, if Russia be ill-advised enough to treat it with the same temper she hasalready shown, may be the close of the diplomatic correspondence between them. Still, as I have said, there is some hope of the Russian Go vernment being brought to listen to reason, now that it knows that Austria is resolved to stand firm. The Memorial Diplomatique states that since the transmission of the Russian notes Prince Gortschakoff has expressed the readiness of Russia to accept the I' six points;' particularly as he is aware how greatly he misunderstood certain attentions towards a co-partitioning Power like Russia. When informed of the effect produced by his last answer in Vienna, he hastened to declare to the English and French Ambassadors, as well as to the Austrian, that Russia was ready to accept the six points as bases of a future conference. This declaration would show the in tention to arrive at a pacific solution of the question. The same journal states that in the event of Russia refusing to make concessions, the three Courts will intimate to her that the dis cussion between them is closed, and that ' they will henceforth be guided by their regard for the interests of Europe, co seriously endangered by the troubles in Poland.'" Writing a day later the Daily News correspondent mentions the rumour of a dispatch from tho Duke de Montabello, savouring still more strongly of a diplo matic) rupture than Lord Napier's. To-day also there was another heavy fall in French Rentes. The Vienna Presse says that the Russian ambassador in that city has received orders to leave, aud that M. de Budberg and Baron Brunnow have instructions to hold themselves ready to leave at any moment. But those who wish for war on behalf of Poland in this country are a very small minority, and the commercial classes are wholly opposed to it. The Times of Saturday, apropos of Friday's dobate in the Lords, raises a warning voice., We look to that assembly for wise and moderate counsels, for calm, farsighted, and impartial wisdom. In the present momentous instance we look in vain. The Times asks if the interests of France and Eng land are absolutely identical. It is the interest of France to humble and even to destroy a power which , forms the only efficient counterpoise to her aggran-' disement. Is not our policy now, as always, to maintain European equilibrium ? The Times in con clusion says oue result of the war by France and England against Russia is quite certain—the ruin of the ministry that declares it, and the discredit of the political party that supports it. 