THE BURRA BURRA MINE. The half-yearly meeting of the South Aus tralian Mining Association was held at the Company's office in Adelaide on the 21st instant, when the usual periodical report was submitted,, from which it would appear that the result of the Company's operations has been exceedingly encouraging. The quantity of ore raised during the half-year was 4,318 tons, which is slightly in excess of the quantity raised during the preceding six months, not withstanding the unfavourable weather that has prevailed for several months past. For the half-year ended March 31 last, the ore pro duced amounted to 4,205 tons. The cost of production was £44,349 2«. 8d., or £10 10a. lid. per ton. This ore realized £51,936 6s. 5d., or £12 7s. per ton, leaving a profit of £7,587 3s. 9d., or £1 16a. Id. per ton. The entire profit for the half-year, including sums received from other sources, amounted to £8,393 6s. 3d. The estimated balance divisible amongst the shareholders, after the realization of the last half-year's produce and the dis charge of all liabilities «gainst the Association, is JE1V25 Us* ?i ^°e average produce of the 4,348 tons of ore last raised is 23 per cent— a wonderful result considering the large quanti ties of ore already produced by the mine and the depth at which the Workings are now being carried on. . In the report presented by Captain Roach he speaks most favourably of the whole of the workings. In some of the pitches which hare been worked for yean evident ligns of exhaustion are presenting themselves i u might be expected ; but in the other part* of .the mine the yield is good, and the supply ipparenUyalmottiaexaauftibl«. It is pleasant -to find that while other copper sainaa of recent discovery are yielding their treasures, the old Burra Burn still keeps up iti character. Tbe establishment of . the Comjiany on the 30th September was as follows : —At the Bum : Burra Mine, 264, tributers, 52 tutwork men, : 53 owners' account and timber men, being a total of 369 miners. Be« ides these there are 27 mechanics, 6 engine-driver*, 8 weighers and | filler;, 7 stablemen, 13 men variously em ployed, 94 men and 27 boys ore-dressing, 32 labourers, 36 whim and' cart boys, 10 officers. Total at the Burra Burrs, 629. At tbe Xar kulto Mine there were 14 miners, 1 whim-boy, and 1 storekeeper. At the Adelaide office there were 4 officers; making a total of 649 persons employed by the Company. We see that the wages of the miners run from 30s. (o 50i. a week: engine-drivers, 40.'.; mechanic*, from 35s. to 70s,; labourers, from 24s. to 30j.; youths, from 20i. to 243.; and boys, from 8s. to 15$. It will thus be seen that the Company employ a large number of persons at their mines, and we believe some of the labouring men in England would stare to see the good wagei which they obtain. We are glad to find that the old Burra Burra, which has done so much to promote the prosperity of the colony, is still pursuing its successful career, and that it can hold up its head proudly even in face of the wonders of Yorke's Peninsula. Mineral Lands iw the South.— The greater part of the afternoon in the Assembly was yester day occupied in the discussion of Mr. Neales's motion to the effect that the Government had acted wrongly in not granting a mineral lease for a section of land on the southern coast which was not 'waste land of the Crown,' but land pur chased from Mr. Hindmarsh. The motion was negatived by a majority of 1. There was a great difference of opinion as to whether the section ought to have been treated as 'waste land;' but the motion was premature, as the Government ore still in treaty with the discoverer, and the Sur veyor-General is now on the spot to report on the advisability of selling him the land at the price which the Government gave for it. Separation.— Our telegram from Port Elliot contains startling news. The blood of the Southerns is up to boiling point. The monster meeting, consisting of no less than 300 persons, have p}edgcd themselves to separate from this colony and join the Riverine District, unless the jetty be extended to Granite Island immediately. We hope the Government will be prepared to meet this terrible emergency. Conspirators are abroad ; treason and rebellion are threatened; and a force of not less than one policeman ouyht at once to be dispatched to the wavering district to keep down the rising secessionists. It might be well to send down one of the members for the district to try to win the people over to a better spirit. Let Mr. Sutherland start first thing this morning, with full power to promise everything on behalf of the Government, in order to prevent such a distressing calamity as the separation of Poit .Elliot from South Australia. Government Immigrants Leaving the Colony.— A case of some interest came before the Police Magistrate, at the Poit, on Wednesday, which is reported in our police news. A female immigrant, who arrived by the Morning Star, was charged with the attempt to leave the colony. Captain Stewart, of tile Douglas, had offered £12 to Dr. Duncan for the release of the young woman from the bond into which she had entered with the Government This sum was accepted on the captain undertaking to pay the balance if it were not sufficient. Ultimately the case was dismissed, the sum of £20 was ipaid, and the young person was allowed to proceed in the vessel. We are glad to find that the Government are determined to enforce this regulation, which will prevent such wholesale departures from the colony of those who have been brought out at great cost as were so frenuent on former occasions. The Wheat Market.— The following telegram from Melbourne was on Wednesday posted in the Exchange by Messrs. Acraman, Main, Lindsay, and Co. :— 'The Adelaide telegrams of yesterday Btate that your market is likely to decline in con sequence of the arrival of the Panama with produce at Sydney, anl the reported departure of another vessel from California to Melbourne with 20,000 bushels wheat. There is no occasion for fearing a decline in price ; the Panama comes here, and we will store her cargo rather than let the market suiter. The other vessel which has sailed brings wheat and oats ; but, as advised to us, not nearly so much of the former as you state.' The Soldiers' Wives.— The destitute circum stances in which the wives and families of the soldiers of the 40th Eegiment lately stationed in Adelaide have been left by their husbands, who have been ordered to the New Zealand war, has awakened something more than sympathy in the minds of sonic of our more fortunate fellow colonists. We refer to the efforts now- being made by a Committee of gentlemen to arrange for a musical entertainment in their behalf. Mr. Ed wards and, we believe, some other amateur musicians have kindly offered their gratuitous services. We are informed that the Committee, on applying to Miss Gougenhcim soliciting lies professional assistance, received from that lady a prompt reply, stating that she would be most happy to comply with the request; rand that she has more recently transmitted to the Committee a cheque for a handsome amount, as her contribu tion towards the funds. His Excellency and a number of influential gentlemen have likewise given their names as patrons,, so that it may con fidently be hoped that the entertainment will be as successful as the object for which it is to be given is benevolent. Gold Exploration.— An advertisement from the Commissioner of Crown Lands appears in another column, calling for horses to be used by Mr. Hargraves in his intended explorations. Adelaide Local Court.— At the sittings of the Local Court (Full Jurisdiction, Civil), on Wednes day, an appeal against the decision of the Justices of Morphett Vale was heard, and, after lengthy addresses from the counsel on either side, the Court confirmed the decision. In an appeal against the conviction of the Special Magistrate of Port Adelaide, in the case of Peter Harrison, who was lately committed to gaol for two months, for having property in his possession suspected to have been stolen, the Court quashed the convic tion, and granted an order for his liberation. St. Bartholomew's church.— The interesting religious rite of consecrating St. Bartholomew's Church, recently erected at Norwood, will take place this evening. The Lord Bishop of the Diocese will perform the service in accordance with the ritual of the Church of England. Cricket.— A cricket match was played on Wed nesday, on the South Park Lands, between 11 of Mr. Haire's academy and 11 of the Fellenberg Commercial School. The bowling on both sides was very good, and if there had not been a very strong wind during the first innings the scores would doubtless have been higher. Air. Haire's eleven scored in their first innings 25, and in their second 107, making a total of 132; while their opponents scored 14 in their first and 26 in their second innings, thus leaving the former the victors by 92. Aerated Bread.— Apropos of the question relative to the desirability of substituting aerated for the common yeast bread, now under agitation among connoisseurs, we extract the following from Once a Week:— 'The public are now pretty familiar with the aerated bread, the invention of Dr. Dauglish. This bread is also made by ma chine, but'it is not raised by the fermentation of yeast, but by the introduction of carbonic acid gaa into the dough whilst being mixed in an exhausted receiver. The carbonic acid gas in this manner becomes thoroughly incorporated with the ele ments of the bread, and as it issues from the machine the gas gives it that highly vesicular appearance on which its extreme lightness de pends. Flour, salt, and water are thus the only ingredients to be found in the aerated bread. But the purity of the loaf made by this process is not its only recommendation to weak stomachs. The flour from which it is made is prepared by an American process, which removes the outer coat of the grain— a siliceous matter wholly indigestible —without injuring or removing the internal coat, which is the most nutritious part of the- grain. By the ordinary method of grinding this coat disap pears with the bran, and thus at least SO per cent of the value of the wheat grain is lost. The flour, thus rich in what is termed ' cerealine,' by the ordi nary process of bread-making, however, turns out a rather brownish loaf, to which the public, as a rule, object, as it is supposed to exert certain laxative qualities, after the manner of the well-known brown bread. Now, although this is on error (the* peculiar properties of the brown bread depending upon the siliceous coat which is retained in it whilst it is rejected from this new preparation)) yet the public cannot be convinced, and the invalu able process of unbranning wheat would have been rejected but for tbe simultaneous invention of the aerating machine which hr. Dauglish has brought beforelthe public. The aeraUid loaf made from this exceedingly rich flour, having no fermenting process to go through, turns out a beautifully white bread, which is certainly the pleasantest, whilst it is the most nutritive, of all kinds of food made from the wheat grain. The complaint of the journeymen bakers against the long hours of work, and the foul conditions under which they labour, will be wholly disposed of by the introduction of these bread-making machines, as the work which formerly employed the men, off and on, for 18 or 20 hours, can now be performed under two hours, and in a perfectly well-ventilated apartment; thus nfthnlincr another instance of tha value of ma. chinery, not only by saving numaiutjr much most offensive drudgery, but by eliminating those sources of disease whkh so often sacrifice the life of the workman to the necessities of our civiliza tion.' Tans Day's Flower Show.— We call the atten tion of our leaden to the Horticultural and Flort cultural Society's first show of roses to be held to- day in the Adelaide Assembly Booms. Should the weather be fine the exhibition cannot fail to attract a large number of visitors. The Ghost at the Victobia Theatre.— We understand that Mr. Wollaston, who is to produce the lost great dramatic effect, 'Thin ghosts and disembodied creatures,' this evening at the Victoria, has been very successful in 'calling spirits from the vasty deep' at other places. The English press abounds in notices of the very extraordinary spectral illusion, first exhibited at the Polytechnic Institution. London, and after wards at several theatres in the metropolis, in the provinces, and on the continent of Europe. It is said that the supernatural appearance of the patent ghost actually warrants a doubt of the adage that 'Seeing :s believing.' A figure per fectly distinct appears to be developed from 'thin air;' it offers no obstruction to a weapon ; it is so transparent that objects can.be seen'through it ; and the ghost moves like 'a thing of life,' but dis appears instantaneously, as is the understood peculiarity of visitants from the world of spirits. We understand the illusion is a species of reflec tion, by which any number of figures can be con jured up. It is produced by highly ingenious optical apparatus, which Mr. Wollaston manages with consummate ability. The piece which this rare invention is intended to illustrate this evening is' Susan Hopley.' BOSttBANOING IN JfEW SOUTH WAtE3.-The bushrangers of New South Wales appear to be no less conspicuous for their determined valour than for the combined effrontery and adroitness they display in carrying out their nefarious exploits. They enter townships apparently without disguise, and commit outrages with the most c8ol and bare faced audacity, almost in sight of the inhabitants and the police, and yet enjoy an immunity from danger which is truly astonishing. The Bathursl Times of a recent date publishes the account of a visit paid to that township on a Saturday evening by five members of the fraternity on horseback one of whom (Gilbert) was distinctly identified, the others being, as is supposed, O'MeaUy, Ben Hal), Burk, and Vane. On reaching the city Vane appears to have baen stationed in the right-of-way between the Church of England school and the Telegraph Office, while his comrades rode on to the shop of Mr. Pedrotto, where firearms were ex posed for sale. Gilbert and another went in and enquired of the proprietor whether he had any re volving rifles or double trigger revolvers. Re ceiving an answer in the negative, they left and entered the shop of Mr. McMinn. The family, who were seated around the tea-table, were natu rally startled at the intrusion, and Miss McMinn, notwithstanding the threats of the two ruffians who menaced her with their revolvers, screamed with fright. Disconcerted at the outcry, they beat a retreat, failing to secure any plunder, and having regained their saddles they galloped off. An alarm hid by this time been communicated to the neigh bours, and within a quarter of an hour a body of troopers were in pursuit. The four bushrangers, after being joined by their companion Vane, rode leisurely down George-street, and, turning off to Piper-street, entered the rear of Mr. De Clouet's public- house. Leaving one of their number to take care of their horses, the other four entered the stable-yard, where they found a horse-trainer, named William Bromley, and the ostler, named Mark. They demanded from the latter the key of the stable, but on his assurance that it was in the custody of his master, Gilbert and another (supposed to be Ben Hall) entered the parlour and extorted from Mr. De Clouet and a lodger residing in the house a sum of £3 and a watch. Hall then accosted Mrs. Dc Clouet, and insisted on her delivering up the 'cash-box' to him. She demurred at first, being ignorant of the 'quality' of her visitor; but on learn ing who he was she delivered it into his hands. Deliberately he counted over the money which it contained, and in doing so dropped half a sovereign, which he experienced some difficulty in recovering; but he~persisted in the search until it was obtained, remarking that he 'couldn't leave that behind/' Meanwhile Gilbert, who, it appears, had previously been in De Clouet's employ as a jockey, entered into conversation with his old master, and insisted on his producing the keys of the stable, as they had come expressly for the racehorce Pasha, and must have him. The inn keeper expostulated, representing that the animal named was only a colt and unsuited to his pur pese, and subsequently stated that the keys were kept by the ostler. Gilbert then proceeded to ran sack the till, but finding only silver shook his head, remarking that they only dealt in gold, and at the same time offered De Clouet two shillings, which he took out of his own pocket. Further parley ensued respecting the racehorse Pasha, and Gilbert then rejoined his comrades. The ostler was again interrogated, but persevered in denying that he had the keys of the stable, although Hall tlireatened to shoot him unless he produced them, and casually remarked that the police had just gone by. whereupon one of the bushrangers observed, with the greatest appareut unconcern, ' Two of us are enough for four of them any day.' Shortly afterwards the party left the premises without making any further attempt to gain possession of the horse, having been there for about 20 minutes. The night, it appears, was very dark, and the troopers sent out to follow Ifce freebooters, per plexed to know what road they had taken, had made a halt at the head of George-street. While deliberating there they descried the desperadoes approaching, but the latter appeared to be also on the alert, for they immediately turned their horses and galloped off. The troopers followed, and one or two shots were exchanged, but without any seeming practical result, and the bushrangers Obstinate Struggle with Bushrangers.— The following particulars of a desperate affray be tween two bushraugers and a person named Har man, tollbar-keeper on the Raglan-road, near Bal larat, we gather from the Star;— On approaching the tollbar it appears that the two bushrangers dismounted and secured their horses to the fence, One of them then called out 'gate,' but on the keeper answering the summons the ruffian pre sented a revolver at him and demanded his money Harman, instead of complying with the request1 struck the robber on the face, and through the violence of the blow divested him of his mask. Before he could regain the tollhouse, however, he was assailed by the other bushranger, and an en counter ensued, in course of wliich he was fright fully maltreated. Eventually he retreated into the house followed by his assailants. There the struggle was renewed, and the rascals having succeeded in getting the toll-collector down manacled him with a pair of horse hobbles or 'leg bolts.' They then extracted from his pocket a sum of £3, and pro ceeded to ransack the place. Over a purse of money belonging to the Board Harman placed- a box, and having blown out the light he succeeded by this manoeuvre in concealing it from the robbers. The latter, having secured two guns and a watch, left the house, and locking the door mounted their horses and rode into the township. Harman hearing some persons go by gave the alarm, and information being given to the police the poor ina*n was removed to the house of Dr. Nicholson, where he lay in a very precarious state, having received four injuries on the back of his head, and one of an aggravated character on tne front of the head, the bone being denuded. The jaw was severely injured, if not dislocated, and several teeth knocked out. His medical attendant states that after he was locked in he managed to file asunder the chain connecting the hobbles on his ancles, and then with bare feet and head managed to crawl down Sturt-stnet to give information to the police and obtain medical assistance. A reward of £50 was offered by the Road Board for the apprehension of the perpetrators of the above brutal outrage, and arrangements were made by them for the comfort of the intrepid collector who had been the victim of it Visit of the Methodist Conference to thb Atlas Works.— We learn from the Watchman and Wesleyan Advertiser that a large number of the members attending tbe recent Methodist Con ference visited the Atlas Works in Sheffield, and examined with attention the various processes employed in the fabrication of machinery. The great extent of the establishment and the variety and remarkable development of the works excited the liveliest interest, The Mayor of Sheffield, who had issued the invitations, hod given direc tions which ensured an interesting variety in the processes brought under the notice of the visitors. They were shown the modes of rolling and 'sawing' railway bars,, the Bessemer process, hammering ' blooms' for railway bars and axles, and lastly the rolling of armour-plates, and were gratified by seeing a plate 40 feet by 3 feet and 9 inches thick passed through the rollers. The laborious and trying operation was conducted with remarkable success, and happily none of the visitors suffered from the indulgence of an extreme curiosity which led some to approach too closely to the machinery. After the last plate had been rolled, a platform was erected in the mill, and was occupied by the Mayor and Mrs. Brown, the President and ex- President of the Conference, and several of the senior ministers. Some hundreds «f the workmen assembled in front or tne piatiorm, ana men* eager and respectful attention indicated the interest they felt in the proceedings. The din of the surrounding machinery, the shrieking of the escape-valves of the numerous engines, and the occasional prolonged whistle of a passing tram, considerably interfered with the comfort of the speakers; but' they evidently thought that the 'accessories' were 'quite in keeping' with the situation, and they therefore made the best of the circumstance. Addresses were delivered by the Mayor, the President (Dr. George Osborn), and ex-President (Rev. U. Prest), after wliich the Mayor informed the assembled ministers of the efforts which his workmen had made for the relief of the distress in Lancashire (their contributions reaching nearly £1,000), thesr subscriptions to local charities, and their support of the benefit societies amongst themselves. He said he mentioned these things for the honour of his workmen and the credit of the town. Cheers t/ere than Riven for the Queen, the President and ex- President of the Conference, and the assembly dispersed, | 