POLYNESIA. HONOLULU. Confirmation and First <.om7nunioit oj the Kin and Queen. We extract the following from the Polynesian of the cth December :— At half- past 10 on the morning of the 28th of November, a procession left the vestry and entered the Church in order. First, Major Hoopili, Chief, and Aide-de-camp to the King, surpliced, bearing the Banner of the Diocese of Honolulu; next, the Choir, composed of natives, and also surpliced, walking two and two; then the Clergy, tbe Revs. H. lhbot6on, W. R. Scott and G. Mason, surpliced and with white stoics, and lastly the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in alb and rochet, preceded by his pastoral staff. Their Majesties, the King nnd Queen, were by this time arrived at the west door of the Church, whiilier the Bishop, attended by one of his Chaplains, immediately proceeded, and greeted them, kneeling, with tlie Apostolic Salutation and Benediction. The King and Queen, preceded by the Bishop, entered the Church and took the places allotted to tlieni, and the services of the day commenced. The Litany, in the Hawaiian language, exquisitely sung by the Rev. E. Ibbotson, was first chanted ; the responses with thrilling effect being rendered by the Choir and general congregation. The first part was harmonized to Tallis's responses, the remainder was in plain song. The densely crowded congregation seemed deeply moved by the beauty and devotional character of the service. The Litany ended, the Bishop, attended by his Clergy and the Choir, returned to the vestry to vest for the great rite of tbe day. In a few moments a chant was again heard, and the procession having re-formed, issued from the vestry by the north door, and went down Kukui-street chanting the Processional Psalm•» The Heavens declare the glory of God," being the l'Jth Psalm, sung to the 3regoriati third tone, second ending. As the cadences died away iu the distance, or were faintly heard in tlie Church us the procession moved by it or gradually approached, and swelled into a grand united burst of a loration, the effect was thrilling iu the extreme. Tbe procession re-entered the Church liy the west door, outside which the military were drawn up, presented arms and saluted the Bishop and Clergy. Passed into the Church and the Choir having filed oft into their respective places, tbe processional I'snlm closed, the Bishop ascended the steps of the Altar, vested in alb and cope, mitred, with Episcopal ring, &n;„ the Pastoral Staff on his north and the Banner of tlie Diocese on his south, the three Priests being at the steps behind. The King and Queen then rose, nnd, attended by their witnesses, his Excellency the Honorable Mr. Wyllie,and the Honorable Judge Allen, Chanrellor of the Kingdom, drew towards the Altar, and, humble revere.ice made, knelt and awaited the commencement of the Confirmation office. The Chaplain, the Rev.G. Mason, having read the preface, the Bishop put the questions to the candidates. The answers made and the suffrages said, the prayer invoking Confirmation by the Holy Ghost and the Bpecial confirming graces of tlie Spirit, was said by the Bishop, and he called upon all present to unite in Silent prayer to the Almighty to bless those then about to be confirmed. With one accord all present fell upon their knees, silcncc that might be felt ensued, and never, wc are certain, did prayers more fervent or more loving ascend for a Sovereign's sake, than then rose from heart after heart, in that vast multitude, inside and outside the sacred building, for their beloved King and Queen. " All one in Christ Jesus"—never was this priceless truth more thoroughly realised. King and Queen meekly kneeling at the throne of niercy to seek divine help from the Kin;' of Kings—the bond of Union was complete—and in the deep emotion of the prostrate Sovereigns not a few of their subjects shared. Entranced as the people had been before at the deep solemnity of the plaintive song, subdued to heartfelt sympathy to earnest devotion of love, where tlicy now at the unheard outpouring of the soul for blessings upon their Sovereigns. The secret prayer ended, the wonderful hymn "Veni Creator Spirttus" was sung to the ancient melody with a majesty and pathos that visibly affected most'present. Then followed the prayer " Defend, O Lord, this thy servant," with the Imposition of Hands, and the Act of Confirmation was complete. Again ' a breathless silence, wliile prayers in secret again ascended that those two bended suppliants, that moment sanctified, might indeed continue Thiue for ever." The silence was broken by the solemn voice of tlie Bishop teaching the multitude and adjuring tlie newly dedicated. Few were tlio words, but not a heart that must not have felt them. Then tlie loving Salutation, "The Lord be with you," and the response, like a clap of thunder, " Aud with thy spirit." The Lord's l'aayer joined in by a thousand voices, rose to the Common Father of us ail, the two concluding Collects for Fatherly guidance and everlasting protection followed, and a hymn was again sung; but not this time of adoratiou simply, or supplication for gifts, but one soulstirring burst of exulting praise rolled upto God ; tbe grand Old liundreth Psalm, in its most ancient words, and to tlie old majestic tune, swelled through the house of God, and was echoed in the streets outside till literully it was lost as it rose heavenward. The final awful Benediction "The blessing of God Almighty. the Father the Son aud the Holy Gho6t be upon you and remain with you for ever," and the great Amen, and the service was ended. Never was a religious right more impressing, more solemnly celebrated than tliis; never did the inherent "beauty of holiness" of the Church's ritual shine lovelier or more conspicuous. Bishop and Priests correctly vested, the accessories of banner and pastoral staff, cmblamatic of the soldier's duty and the shepherd's care, the alter and nil its appurtenances bright and fragrant with the choicest fluwurs—everything was comely and meet for the festive service. The meek worship of the candidates, the unmistakeable look of loyalty and love, the fer- ' vent, the tearful prayers of the people, tlie awful inument of self- dedication and divine conformation, the jubilant thanksgiving of tlie na- ! tives, all combined to make the act a united one, to invest with dignity the great mystery engaged in, and even to signalize the Nationul Holiday in a way never to be forgotten. Besides the two Royal ptrsonageB, candidates ' for the confirmation, there were present of the Court and Diplomatic corps—Her R. H. the Princess Victoria, the Queen Dowager, His Ex. the Governor of Oaliu. Her Ex. the Governess of Hawaii, the Hon. Mrs. Rookc, and Mr. J. Y. Davis, of the Royal Family ; and of the Court, by tlie Chancellor of the Kingdom, Chief Justice Allen nnd Mrs. Allen, His Ex. Mr. Wyllic, His Ex. W. W. F. Syngt, 11. B. M. Commissioner and lady, tlie Ilonorables G. M. Robertson, C. 11. Bishop, John Ii. and their ladies, ; the Hon. Mrs. Ilaalelea, Miss E. K. Laauui, and others. ! In the evening a crowded congregation, j chiefly native, attended by tlie King and Queen, besides many foreigners, including some of the I Cabinet Ministers and the Foreign Commissioners again thronged tlie Church, when a I solemn service in Hawaiian was celebrated by > the Revs. E. Ibbotson and W. R. Scott, and ' j the benediction given by the Bishop; thegrand ceremonial of the memorable day being closed | by a Te Deum, chanted by the Bishop, Priests and choir in procession, and joined in by the rejoicing congregation. On the Sunday following, being Advent Sunday and the Festival of St. Andrew, the services of the Church were again made more than ordinary solemn, by their Majesties the King and Queen receiving their Frst Communion. Tbe altar, vested in violet, and the stoles of the Bishop and Clergy of the same mournful color, reminded all the solemn season that day entered upon. An early celebration, at whicli'the Revs. E. Ibbotson and G. Manson officiated, and at half-past seven prepared the way for a confirmation at half-past eight, when His Ex. Mr. Wyllie, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Hon Judge Robertson, and the Hon. the Attorney-General were confirmed, the Bishop being served by the Rev. W. R. Scott. After the Hawaiian service at half-past nine, at which the llev. E. Ibbotson preached in the Hawaiian language, the Church became crowded to overflowing, vast numbers remaining in the streets outside, to hear and see at least something of the great service of the day. After tlio Litany, chanted by Rev. E. Ibbotson, and a sermon by llev. W. K. Scott, on the subjcct of the Eucharist, from the words, " How great is his goodness, and how great is His beauty. Corn shall make the young men cheerful and new wine the maids," the Bishop retired to vest, and re-entered, attended by the Revs. G. Mason and E. Ibbotson, vested in alb, g chasuble, &c.; The introit was beautifully sung, being the Eucharistic hymn " Sing we that Blest llody broken," sung to l'alestrina. The Bishop then commenced tlie sacred office: the Gospeller being llev. W. R. Scott, and Epistoler Rev. G. Mason. After tbe Prayer of Consecration, the hymn, to Troyte's chant No 1., "Thee we adore, O Hidden Saviour, Thee, " was sung so sweetly and so devotionally, as to make a marked Impression upon the worshippers. The Bishop aud Priest, having cumniunicated, the King and Queen, meekly kneeling before the altar, received their first communion, and no one present but felt the awe of the mnment,and offered a fervent prayer to tbe Almighty, as from the patron, at the hands of the Bishop, and from the Cluliue, at the hands of his Server, Rev. Mr. Scott, the King and Queen of earth partook iu soul of that sacramental food, the gift of the humble, houseless carpenter's Son of Bethlehem, King of kings, and Lord of lords. The others communicated, tlie prayer and praiBc offered, the "Gloria in Excelsis" sung, the benediction given, and the Communion, tlie perfection of Confirmation, was completed, and the King and Queen became in fuii comniunioii with that Church, the Church of tbeir deliberate adoption, as it iiad been sought as the Church of their choice by their predecessor* for many a disappointed year. 