K IRISH NATIONALITY. ??'??'??' ! (Frotii the New Tori Tablet) There never was a time— at least in our gene-i ration— when the subject of Irish nationality ought to, be kept more vividly and prominently; before the world, than in this year of grace 1863. Famine is again praying on the heart of Ireland ; cold and hunger and all misery sit brooding by the hearths and in the desolate homes of our native land— of that land which is truly ' the dearest spot upon earth' to millions of the people of America.- Year after year is the well-beloved cradle of our race— the fairest isle of Europe's western waters— the storied land of poesy and old romance— wasting away— crumbling in the sight of all mankind beneath the grinding tyranny of a foreign government.. Once in every few years noes me cry ot tamine go forth from that afflicted country— and be it observed that the Irish poor will never complain as long as they have dry potatoes and salt— hut periodical ap peals to the charity of the world are generously responded to everywhere out in England —tide, sister island ! !— yet 'people abroad will sooner or : later tire or supplying food for one of the King doms of the British Empire. They wil naturally say, and probably do now say— ' What right have we to look after the lives of British subjects when the British government makes no effort to save it for itself? England is rich and powerful —-her merchants are princes— her navies float triumphant on every sea — why does not she re lieve the wants of Ireland, an integral- portion of her home-empire ? Ireland is known to all the world for its -teeming fertility— its conjmercial advantages are great and many— Its people are shrewd arid 'intelligent to a remarkable degree why, then, does not England legislate in such wioc ivl iiciduu as 10 aevezope ner natural, re sources, emply her superabundant population, by encouraging manufactures and promoting trade and agriculture, and thus driving famine from the land that, if properly governed, would be more than able to support all her population, instead of sending it abroad over the face of the earth to seek a resting place amid the nations?' And what could we say to those who made these uvjcuiuiia ; w e uuum say notnmg, because the objections are valid and well founded. And if foreign nations, closing their hearts to pity, should be led to say— 'Let England provide for Ireland— we have enough to do to provide for ourselves,' how would it be, then, with Ireland ? Let pitiless, remorseless, selfish England answer tbe question. And she would answer it in this fashion—' I know Ireland is mine and I mean to keep her so. I do not intend, however, that she shall always be the wretched mendicant she now is. Some day I will raise to her comfort and affluence, but, of course, that cannot be done till she is thoroughly anglicized— colonized from FlPl frflt Kl Tn C f O rui n ™ rx.ml- 4.U- __1 a _ 1 1 ? — .«-.*. j.** obuivmg uuij me wicicneu remains of the old Popish Celts, you see, my statesmen are only clearing the country of so much rubbish in order to make way for the ? plantation' of a good, sound, healthy, Tutonic race, who will cultivate' Durbams and Ayrshires, and the Protestant faith. That is my beneficent design for Ireland— oh ! nobody can tell how I, Bri tania, long to see my willful daughter Hibernia settled in life as a sober matron of good Protes tant principles and 'the mother of flocks and h.e™ !'.n When that day comes, my dear forward child will never again be put on short allowance but shell have 'full and plenty' all the year rouna. L don't know but that we may even fulfil the promises made to her before the Union when, according to an old song of hers, by Lord Dorset engaged on my part to feed her on ' fVs; ' ? Strawberries, sugar and cream That may come in time but once Anglicized and Protestantized, she'll have beef to no end, mutton to no end, and tbe best of bread and all the et ceteras. But, you see, mes chers amis, the clearing process must be first gone through, then will come the buildine- un fnllnwprf hw *u*--u^t and mutton and bread and lastly, the Dorsetine ? strawberies, sugar, and cream!' All in -good time you know !' Well here is the expose of England's policy, but unluckily for the success of her cleverly devised plan, she has a stron^ element to contend with. Like theCatholicChurch to which most of the Celtic people belong, the Celts of Ireland are hard to crush out— they are a tough and wiry race, endowed moreover with as many lives as a cat (is said to have), and this England finds to her cost, for she has beaten and battered and crushed that same Celtic people of Ireland for full seven conturies— with all the force of her imperial arm, and yet there they 'are as tanacin'iis n( Ufa ? an anA ?-„ e..n _a i:r .. . ? ''*w ™ji «?'«* no tun ui me as tney were m the days when Roderick O'Connor was a king, or 'When Malachy wore the collar of gold ... Which he won from the proud invader.' Yes starved and trampled dawn as they are and. degraded as far as foreign legislation could degrade a people-there they stand those Celts of Ireland, as much a distinct nation as they were a thousand years ago— as mindful of their noble lineage, their ancient fame, as true to their ancient faith— ay ! and as full of hope as ever— for Ire and is, with all her sorrows, and all her humi liations, 'a nation of inextin?uishahlft hnna ?? and that hope though faint and far, is still enough to guide her tottering steps through her present lot, and# to keep the life current of nationality ?-5Tg-!.u teC Tein8- IreIand i8 no mo*e iden tified with England than Poland is with Russia, and every passing year, every succeeding famine, every official lie published to the detriment of Ireland, every bitter taunt, every calumny heaped by the.Enghsh press, or the English Govern ment an the Irish people; every manifestation of contemptuous indifference to the wants and wo^ of Ireland on the part of England does b weaken the bond of union between the -»v.v islands, and impress more deeply on 'Ireland heart the conviction that her very existence de pends on the recovery of her independence— her' total and entire separation from England Bound to the car of British triumph, dragged at the wheels of England's greatness, as for seven hundred years she has been she can never work out her own destiny, never take her rightful part in the great drama forever going on amougst the nations. Tim she knows, but ber'knowledge of fact is not such as we would have it— it is not with the knowledge of Poland that our Ireland knows her wrongs, her rights, her eternal, im mutable rights, and all the glory of her birth as a Christian Nation ! It is true she lives, as we nave s,mu, uves ana hopes ; and ner reproach fu presence is ever, like Banquo's ghost, troubling the fesfal hour of England— but the cry of '.Justice to Ireland' echoes no more as for cen turies, it has, across the Channel, the Irish people ?begin at last to recoguise the great truth which we established at the beginning of this article, that extermination is their doom, and that Eng land has no justice for Ireland. That is one point gained for the people will now see the folly of looking to England for favor or protection and they will fall back on the wise motto, ourselves alone— with God for our aid ! This point established, we shall conclude for the present. ? 