8UMMAHY OF NEWS RV THE OUTGOING HAIL, (TO ra.LL.MJS AT 1IOHK.) Tbe waves come to ti», braking,—breaking! With news from Home, so slowly. Bone anxious hearts are aclntur,—aching ' As J tome liave broken wholly, We sbite, and hope, and watch, sad wait; The time,—it pavscth swiftly, Straight on to good or evil fiite; We try to use it thriftly. We fed you lore to hear from us; To know bow we are " Wag." Ton can't take memories dear from lis, What-e'er we are parsuing The starting eye and quivering lip, When ytmr dear miss! res resell a*. Tell a deep tale, mere words but slop, And Hkst iessmt teach as. " Old scenes!" m all our btuy flocks Kone dare say - ! >e forgot '«B ." We all hare a Paadara's to*, With Hope <a& at thf bottoml Such tmm* but the dress of oar woritiog and '•kings Our billing and tommy, and riding asd walking. . <Ja wtn-re yon wiil, " lioint," aa • subject, don't to the time of the mail j Wbcthe/oymin: coming or going, 'tis always the same to And is loving it, sorely there it bat small blaiuc to us. But of our new* to you 'tis my province to apeak. And to string tip,—in doggrel,—events ci each »etk, Since tbe last H.M.S. from Mr shores steamed awav, •Till the Kortham ukes this from tbe toet Hol>enn'a Bay. ~ Oar late Governor's gone and tbe now one Is here, And although bat so lately in this h«ni«pbete. Be seems quite at home in oar good Queen's dominions, And tiaa even vet won from os jpddco opinions. Hie liluMrotrd Pc*t, Uai indeed made thtmott . . Of the aur iostalfation te jwwer Vise Begat, It was done ctmut Ufmd ( Thae was nothing et trip, •• And Sir^Charlcs is our Governor proper and legal. There were lots of addresses, About Lady Darting.and bowabe'd U " showing; Ilut tb« truth of poUtenwt, Iw grace and iu " rightcess," (That's a word of Carlyle's), made approval qelte glowing. Bnt Sir Hcary Barkly, Did not leave us darkly, He went with * choer from the heart* of the laad. He'd omeb amiability; And hated servility. And a good word Own all wul for ever cornmand. This is not all from M^NtimeHadsal ttost rare doings llare been madly afoot there in pleasure persuings Vos would find in my last, By the mail that is Met, Was a bint of a ball, yuu ar» apt to call" ftMi** Abslteas^ - Folks aooxHimes do say, That's with ««,—not with a IWls tmlri, -- Bat the ball dowD at Mdboorne, of Cohen the Mayor, Was roally sod truly a " *ls«hing" aflalr. (And ! only wish I'd had the i»ck to be tbwe.) In tbe Post and the J/atflbey hareeassyod to draw it, But not half well pourtrayiog it, say ttust who saw it, . Every draper and harbtr,— Kach ship In the faarixmr, Was busy and tasttiaci and (or th« ladles, * Bilk and lace vanities „ ted to insaoities. Worse tlian carnivals Mil at Bone, Kaplsa, e OsdU( lAwyers, top sawyori, M,I<.A.'a, and deetami Merchants, and aatbota, sad scion, sad procters, Civil Service a-id Soldiers; costumes In variety, Where all mixed So » of most pleasant m- AU the ladies who wont there; cwh maid, wife, and Havi'*!^ up tlieir minds; w they're started anotluT. Bat alas for the truth, For we Sonator-ymith, Whowomi Wrf, *im/«M are «bout, to be Man- ^mewbere'galn* tte Queen's peace; Or tlm.Melbourne police, , Bjt the very ne.vt morn be was found to be wonder- HoM-'initwid of awdtteg to lnWHrtt 18 , h °?. ,c ' He- B« \\!otik orilwStsrtai'Min the 6tatioii-lnmsc i And for being a terribly rlntgu* t»S »r, A fiuex of five |KHiBds. |>ud tfie « F—r. It must i»i nott be omitted toastf, ai» _ FLIATIWSTEDJSTHSLMLWPWUNWPALARTT Hiat lusted Js the | Our Oar towns»» towns»W now ^to^Wlis __ " our diairmen all And chMRedVtlJ bew^ofonr public sAirs. lisast^Mharisbt direction, ah»f«lc Witat was wanted to guard against shams and mere noise; The late Ministry brought In the BUI, so they ought To bate moat ol the credit,-O'Slianaaay's boys. In our town we've been bustling, and healthy, and thriving s . , , , , I'imes SK like to a wan mamcd twice,—they're re-wiving. A fifty-ounce nugget has turutd up close by here, Which will bring many miners as strangers to try here, And, by Jove! as I'm writing, It really is joliy To announce a big nugget unearthed near Dnnolly. A telegram says tt wefflis mmmi tWrtytwo ^ ,, But that may be a little " t« f^ito l>e true."®® , 1 but take tl in time, % , Just to fling ia my &fW;, But'tis cert«in<rffortailt,aprUe.tbalUprime. At St A maud, a town distant hence fifty railes, Where mod fortune appears to have given het tuiiles, And whew there's a chance of men " making their pB*Si M The miners are reefing for silver and gold, Great success for their labon will bate to be told. Majorca dill holds, tho' these last nugget fads. And tbe^pring for Kcw Zealand, unsettle tuen's Vou must know, too, across the long sea's storm or calm, a Stiwnge piece of news of the toed Alabama, lias come irem " the Qipe," And in very tree shape; At Cape Town she dropped anchor, And from stem post to spanker, Wat the wonder of wonders, oi all eyes the cynosure. From her burning and hot way, She's bound for Ckpe Ot*aj, So they fir; If she comes here H will he odd, 1 know sure. The rains hare beet pelting, the floods again straining, And their merciless coarse o'er the country hare inn, But tbe weather is clearing, the ne brightly beaming, Very soon we shall have tbe hot weather began. Barry Snliivao's stitl at the Koyal, a >'o«. But, good gracious! I'd almost forgotten the Ghost, Of Tepper and Dirks, Whose unearthly new works ID optica, hare turned oat soeh terrible Tutka, Of injpaljwbleflgbtcn.aod siabbers, and dsaom. That a Ghost « each theatre appears,—aud be And " much peopie " drop in ^ Mr. Offi^i And hope Uist the Hayroark'tt loog he nuy stop io. But my yam for - September - - - is • roan, jn, that it certain, And over our news, lews, drops till next month, tte curtain, So success to Old " Home "—no thought e'er denies A long loving wish, from yours. ED. Annmio, 