WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAY 0. The Corporation Acts Amendment Bill was read a second time last niglit in the j Legislative Council. On a division the' numbers were nineteen for, and three against the bill No doubt it will be con sidered in committee within a few days, if not, indeed, to-night. It now becomes a matter of importance that there should be n<3 mistake respecting the wishes of the peopje of Geelong in reference to this bill; for if there be any doubt on the subject, it is to be feared that the Council will get rid of the difficulty by striking out the word " Geelong " altoge ther, and thus make the bill a purely metropolitan one. Unfortunately the Citizens' Committee have managed so mal adroitly that it is impossible to tell whe ther they are in favor of or opposed to the measure as a whole. They have stated their views on a few proposed alterations of secondary importance, but have never given an opinion as to the sub stantivc clauses of the bill They have even left it to be inferred that if the amendments of their choice were not; carried, they would rather have no bill at alL This at least is the construction placed upon their printed ultimatum by the City Clerk of Melbourne, whose parti cular duty it is to watch the progress of, the bill, to communicate with those mem bers of both houses who take an interest in its safety, and in some cases, no doubt, to supply them with information and ar guments in support of its provisions as it now stands. There seems to be no one ' connected with Geelong who takes a cordial interest in getting the measure passed, so that if it should become law without excision of all reference to our corporation, we will have to thank " our stars," rather than our representatives. That there may be no mistake as to our views of the matter, we wish it to be dis tinctly known that although we have zealously advocated many of Mr Ste acii an's amendments, we would rather have the measure as it is than lose it altogether. IThe measure is a good one in many re spects, and although we would if we I could make it better, yet we feel disposed I to he thankful for small mercies, | and will take what we can get. If | the members of the Citizens' Association be of the same opinion, they should lose no time in saying so, else they may rest assured that "equivocation will undo them." Tlie en.'ergettcy is one which would war ! rant the casing together of the inhabitants in public meeting without a day's delay. If the present opportunity of reforming our Corporation be allowed to slip, we may safely assert that years will pass before any othei; measure of reform can be brought to the same advanced stage as the one now before the Council. Tho! process of amendment must be by private bill, a tedious and expensive afiair as the Town Council knows to its cost. Let us suppose the present measure, from want of unanimity and a proper understanding on onr part, to be lost so far as regards Geelong, can it" be expected that there will ever be perfect unanimity at any future time 1 The age of miracles must come again before such a consummation can be realised. We would appeal to the Town Couucil as a whole, and to the Aldermen of the ▼arious wards individually, as well as to I the Citizen's Committee, to take imme diate steps for ascertaining the opinion of ;he burgesses en masse. Let tliem not wait on each other. Let them rather run the risk of overdoing the thing by calling two or threj meetings, than court failure by doing nothing If the bill be lost, no one can blame the parliament, for on a matter of purely local interest it would be absurd in the extreme to expect an assemblage of strangers to take a greater interest in our affairs than we do our selves. Gome what may, wo have done our duty in making this earnest appeal at the right time. If a week hence the bill be mutilated, and, instead of being amended, be utterly destroyed s) far as it bears upon our interests, and if in tbe mean time nothing be done to declare the true sentiments of the burgesses, the universal verdict must be one of " sarved right." Geelong will be pointed to as the •'cranky" sheep of the flock, which wanders away from its companions, and gets lost. Our Town Council will be a sort of " dropped stitch " in the network of municipal institu tions—our mayor and aldermen wan derers in an out-of-the-way local-self government purgatory, their ghosts being " o'er bad for blessing, and o'er guid for banning." The coach will be off while we are making inquiries about the time of the starting of the basket. Our position will be absurd enough to warrant the appli cation of any other similarly ridiculous comparison. We shall be losers, not only in reputation, but in pocket, an argument which should cariy some weight, if no other will. 