MISS DICKINSON, THE EXTERMI NATION STUMP ORATOR. On her second appearance, .on Saturday evening last; the Cooper Institute was found to be too small to contain the immense crowds, jat 50 cents, each person, that applied for admission. , The subject of her oration was announced to be ' The Three Methods of Peace;' and as it was tolerably well known from her previous display a fortnight ago, T.nn.r. T^OOIXI offov 4*r»a foonimi c\X \R.Tirtmp vrron 4-l^rt *\nn nn v^*.v*u £twmiw-v UAIIUX VUV AUUU1VU V* J^UVXUJ, ITUO UUU UCHVW to her mind, hundreds of persons who have no sym pathy with her sentimentsto thronged the platform, as they would have thronged to see Blondin, if he had been announced to dance on the tight-rope with a donkey on his back. In addition to these were the ordinary crowd, who approved the preacher for the sake of her text. Her three methods of peace were : ' Compromise,' ' Separation,' and 'Extermination.' Amid the most enthusiastic applause of her audience, of whom fully one-half were women, she declared that Compromise and Separation were alike impos sible ; and that Extermination, being the only course left, was the bounden duty of the Government and people of the North — ' extermination to the bitter end'— meaning even to the.slaughtering of her own sex and of little children, if they happened to be slave-owners or the babes of slave- owners. The sentiment, fiendish in the mouth of General Butler, was ineffably horrible from the mouth of a woman ; but was, nevertheless, more vehemently applauded that, if it had been the quintessence of wisdom and of wit— the summing up of all human justice and mercy. A few of the flowers from the Dickinsonian garden of rhetoric may be worth culling for scientific study in Europe — not for their fragrance or their beauty, but simply for their value as specimens of the fecundity of growth on the volcanic soil of war and revolution, if not as marks of the moral decadence of the Ameri can people. She declared that on the mountain tops of the great North-West the curse of human bondage could not live, because those mountain tops were so near to God ahd Heaven — nearer, in her estimation, it is to be supposed, than the plains and prairies of the same region where, though the people will not enslave a negro, they will not suffer him to live. She denounced Mr Seward as a ' traitor' and a ' sly fox;' every ' Northern man with Southern prin ciples' as the ' meanest thing on God's earth;'' the State of New Jersey, of which the Legislature has recently passed a sensible and creditable series of resolutions ip. favor of peace, as ' little, mean, con temptible New Jersey, made out of leavings, offscour ings, and fragments, after the Union was formed.' Mr Buchanan, the late President, was, she said, ' a man whose spiritual nature was well represented by his figure— one-sided and leaning to the South' (Mr Buchanan's head leans slightly on his shoulder)., She described the Copperheads as 'liars and cowards, who had not bravery enough to fight any where;' and General M'Clellan 'as a thing too small for criticism,' 'a man who was neither an officer nor a soldier,' and ' a mean creature of the Democratic party.' She also denounced Mr Seward and General Halleck as ' men who had baffled and thwarted every plan formed by the Administration, and who had crushed every General who had accom plished anything.' None of these were her heroes. Her men were Butler, Fremont and Sigel — men of principle, exterminators each of them, and Butler above all, ' the only man who had had the courage to hang a traitor for an insult to the flag.' Denying that the war was fiendish, as a Boston Democratic journal had asserted, she indignantly exclaimed — ' Fiendish, does the Boston Courier call it ? Does it think that God is dead ? and that He has not remembered the sufferings of the slave ? That he has not bottled up every tear shed in help lessness, mourning, and darkness throughout the South ? That He has not made Abraham Lincoln His agent to work out His plans, and that in oppos ing him the Southern people are striking their puny fists in the face of the Almighty ? ' The New York World asserts that the. public appearances of Miss Dickenson ' are a melancholy symptom of the de generacy of political intelligence in America.'' iwugnt it not nave aaaea, tnat tney are equally melancholy as symptons of a widespread moral per version and social rottenness ? If Miss Dickinson would but scrape lint, boil gruel, or bandage the wounds of a single soldier, she might earn the praise of everybody who knew her humble but honorable name. As it is, she earns the unenviable notoriety of publicly unsexing herself. — New York correspondent of The limes. Professor Pepper's Ghost. — One of the most successful caterers for public amusement in London is Professor Pepper.- When the Easter holidays come round people invariably ask what he has brought out at the Polytechnic Institution ? Last season his most successful hit was a lecture on the chemical substances used j: or the protection of female dresses from fire. A lay figure was attired in the dress usually worn and burnt to a cinder ; a living woman was dressed in the same fashion with pre pared materials, and exposed her clothes to contact with fire in such a way as to prove their incombus tibility. This year he has made a still more suc cessful hit. He now exhibits a ghost ! A stage is erected in the leotnre hall, the curtain is drawn, and discloses a dimly-lighted room described as a study. A living man walks about on the stage. The ghost makes its appearance near him, and is proved to be spectral by the visible failure of all attempts to grasp it. The explanation for a time baffled the most in genious, but it has now been given. A sheet of plate-glass crosses the stage in front of the living actor who is trying to clutch the shadow. In front of the plate-glass is suspended the form of the ghost which, like a thin gauze curtain, is transparent from within but white from without. The image of this object is reflected from the glass to the spectators so as to seem to them as far behind the glass as it is in reality in front of it.' As the object is transparent on their side, they are unable to detect the source of the illu sion. The contrivance is exceedingly ingenious, and has redeemed for Professor Pepper the popu larity he lost during the rejoicings of last month, by his unsuccessful attempt to illuminate St. Paul's. The ghost is protected by a patent ; but the difficulty of managing the apparatus, and more particularly the lime light, must prevent the adoption of the device by the sensation dramatists. Nevertheless, ' a patent ghost ' is one of the objects to be had on hive in London, and may serve the purposes of the spiritualists better than any mechanical contrivance they have yet employed to gull the Euglish public. — London Correspondent of Inverness Oouriei'. Chinese Changes. — Those persons who were in the colony when the Chinese first inundated its shores are not a little amused at the remarkable changes which have taken place in their manner, dress and deportment. New arrivals now present much the same appearance as they did in '52 and '53, namely, the very extreme of awkwardness. Blue linen unmentionables of the shortest and fullest, jackets whose sleeves were long enough to make up for the deficiencies, of the trousers, hats to serve for umbrellas, slippers which seemed to have an utter repugnance to progression, swags of the heaviest ever put on any donkey, and a gait quite indescribable by ordinary words. Now, John comes out in very different style. The newest; fashion in pegtops and pagets alone suit his im proved position. Those who thought on the subject at all, thought the force of folly could no further go, but it seems it has not yet reached its height. Some very faithful John brought his Chinese wife to Mel bourne the other day, and has thereby given great offence to many of his compatriots. 'Chinese women no good in Ostallia (Australia), 'English woman vely good. Him Chinaman too muchee fool to bring him wife here.' Such are a few of the in dignant comments on the new arrival, but the fact, that the happy John who brought the lady here, was not contented until he had her rigged out in crinoline and bonnet a l'Imperatrice,&c.;, is very amusing to them and a countryman of hers who has paid her a visit, has returned and keeps his mates in roars of laughter by his mimicry of her odd movements and awkward gestures under the new regime. — Inglewood Advertiser, July 22. Life in Otago. — We have been favored, by a gentleman in Kyneton, with the following informa tion, received from a friend, relating to life in Otago, which may not be uninteresting to those who take an interest in reliable news from that province of New Zealand. The writer is a Mr L. E. Stead, and his communication is dated Dunedin, 19th June. He says : 'Business is dull, and overdone here, though a considerable amount of money is spent by diggers and others travelling to and from the diggings. There are several agencies for the sale of properties, and a good many buildings and allotments for sale, but Messrs Gillies and Street have the best part of this business to themselves. There are full stocks in hand amongst merchants and business men at present, and trade is dull. Boots, shoes, clothing, drapery, &c;, are now being sold here in retail stores, at Melbourne prices, and none but those in good business localities (paying heavy rents) are doing a fair trade. In bad situa tion house rent is from 30s to 40s per week. People are hopeful that, with the return of summer, busi ness will be more brisk. Some diggers aro hopeful of the old gold-fields yielding good returns in summer, but the main chance is the new discoveries near the west coast. The diggings near this are of so super ficial a character that they are soon worked out ; but, sometimes, a good haul is made with little trouble. I know a party of three who worked out a claim on the Dunstan in two days, and obtained from it 120 ounces. They had very little labor, only to skim Off a little sand, and run the 'dirt' through the cradle. The Dunstan, I believe, is now not worth much, as the best of the ground was readily worked out at first. At present Dunedin is a sea of mud, especially in the outskirts and back streets. The principal streets have been partly paved, but are never kept clean. Dunedin is well laid out as a town, and there are a number of good brick and stone buildings in the principal streets. The back streets consist of wooden shanties and tents, in which a number of diggers' wives reside, many of them in misery, cold and wretchedness, with little or no firewood, or other accommodation. Froin 3s to 5s ground rent is charged per week, for permission to erect a tent, or wooden house. Wa have very few Maories here,* and the war in the Northern Island does not seem to interest many in Otago. There was a little stir when 120 soldiers left Dunedin for Taranaki, as the vol unteer band, fire brigade, &c;, turned out. Very few accept the offer of the fifty acre grant at Tar anaki. Though business is dull, the theatre here is crammed full every night with lucky diggers and other persons with a little capital, who have taken up winter quarters in town, waiting for something to turn up. The climate here in Dunedin is very good, a little warmer in summer, but in other re spects much the same as in England. We have often a somewhat leaden sky, without rain. There is no starvation for those who are able and willing to work, as employment is to be got on the roads for those who will undertake such labor. Meat i3 Is per lb, and we have plenty of fish. Barracouta are to be had at from Is 6d to 2s each. Firewood costs 25s per load — not a large one either, and house rent, or, at least, the occupation, — a land of habitable dwelling, costs from 20s to 25s per week. Little can positively be said about the prospects of the diggings during the coming season, but my im pression is that all the old workings are nearly ex hausted, and that, unless new and rich discoveries are made, the yield of gold will fall off consider ably.' — Kyneton Observer. Society for tiie Invasion of Ireland. — There is a large and influential secret society that has its headquarters in Now York, and its ramifications in every great city of the Union. Possibly the Go vernment, if aware of its existence, does not look upon it with much disfavor, because its leading principle is one of hostility to Great Britain. This society is known as the Finnian, or Feenian Bro therhood (the members themselves do not appear to be quite certain of the correct orthography or derivation of the word), and consists exclusively of persons of Irish birth or descent. They are be lieved to number upwards of 130,000, and to com bine with some of the benevolent and convivial objects of the Freemasons and Odd Fellows, the main object of invading Ireland, to recover the land from the ' brutal and bloody Sassenach,' in case of war between Great Britain and the United States. The 'Brotherhood,' however, is not esta blished in the interest of the republican party. The Irish are for the most part democratic and pro slavery ; so that, failing the event of war with England, the organisation might possibly give trouble to the present administration, and more especially if hard necessity should compel Mr Lincoln to enforce the conscription. — New York Times. In 184$ the Two Thousand and the Derby were won by the same liorse — Cothorstone ; in 1853 by the same horse — West Australian ; and in 1803 by the same horse — Macaroni. It is rumored that Mr Carruthers, tho late Traffic Superintendent of the Victorian Railways, is to be re-appointed to an office in the department in a sub ordinate position. 