NEWS OF THE WEEK. We have our files from Mauritius to the 6tli of July. Great anxiety appeared to foe manifested for the speedy arrival of the new Governor of the colony, Sir Henry Barldy. A; movement . was in itiated for the purpose of memorialising the Imperial Government to appoint his Honor General John stone, now ActingrGovemor, to be Governor of the colony. Thp Overland Gazette, commenting on this, says : — ' We feel assured this petition must afford more annoyance than pleasure to the General, especially as her Majesty has already appointed one of the . most able . and the most experienced Governors of the British possessions to direct the affairs of this colony. General Johnstone is one of those good-natured, well-intentioned men who would wish, in every one of his decisions, to please every one. Too easily persuaded, without local experience , to be able to judge of the consequences of his acts and decisions, appointments of unfit persons to im portant offices have been made, the quarantine laws have not been strictly observed, prisoners have been liberated without due discretion, to the detriment of public security, and the confidence in Government has been shaken.' A correspondent of the Over land Commercial Gazette, writing on the 6th June from Madagascar, says : — ' The new Government is , said to have rejected, the French and English trea ties and the ' Lambert concessions' document, which may account for the departure of the British Consul, accompanied by Captain Rook, Royal Artil lery, from the capital. Heavy rains have fallen, and the roads from that place are reported as almost hnpassable.' The following account of the antecedents of John Porter, the late manager of the Provident Institute, is given by the Castlemaine Daily News : — ' It ap pears that John Porter was a few years ago at '. Sydney engaged in a business which he eventually ' had to leave from the most disagreeable reason, of ?embezzlement. Later still we see - him visiting Scotland and very ingeniously with the assistance of some friends ingratiating himself into the confidence of Mr Buchanan. He convinces that gentleman what quantities of money can be made in Melbourne, 'he in a short time is sent by him to open a house in the name/ of Porter, Buchanan and Co., in Mel bourne, and is entrusted with ample funds for the 'purpose. Mr Buchanan soon hears that Mr Porter . is speculating with his capital in channels apart '?from the business, sends out a solicitor to wind up ? affairs, and finds that he is short some £90,000. Yet ?'? such is the way in which these things are managed ? in Melbourne that', in a short time, this same in ? dividual is placed at the head of -;such an institution as that of the Provident Institute.' We believe that the above is quite correct, and also that the facts ? were known to the original promoters cf the in stitute. The work of driving the new piles at Sandridge Pier, to which we have already referred, is being carried on with vigor. It will be a considerable ?jtime, however, before the operations, are completed. ?The arrivals at the pier during the week were not .japmerous, until towards the close, but there are still gt, iiumber of fine vessels lying alongside. The ' j)qnald M'Kay is being thoroughly overhauled and caulked, and, it is anticipated, will remain in port for ' about two months before again returning to England. The Queen of the South, whose popular commander, , Captain Purves,' received a flattering testimonial and a purse of sovereigns from his passengers on completing his late prosperous and rapid voyage, is also being brushed up, and will, we understand, be laid on for Otago. The Norfolk, a favorite London ship, is taking in passengers for England, and the berths are being rapidly engaged. During the week the True Briton sailed for .London with about eighty passengers. On. Saturday evening no fewer than 812 passengers '?'arrived in the Bay, namely: 452 by the Southern '.Ocean (Black Ball ship), from Liverpool; 130 by $Se Whirlwind, of the same line, from London ; 28 by the Queen of Australia, of the Mersey \Dunedin; The Southern Ocean, which sailed from Liverpool oa the 19th May, has on board fifty families, or about 150 persons, from among the dis tressed operatives in Lancashire, who have been .assisted in paying their passages by the Victorian 'Emigration Society in London. The Whirlwind failed from London on the 2nd June, and has, ^therefore, made one of the most rapid voyages of . |he season. The Government immigrants by the Southern Ocean, who arrived in Hobson's Bay on Saturday evening, were landed at the Queen's Wharf on Mon day afternoon, and quartered in the depOt, King Street. They had a pleasant voyage of 95 days from Liverpool, and all appear to be in robust health. Among them are 56 married couples, with their children, who were selected by Mr Knight, at Manchester. The single women number between 50 and 60, composed for the most part of Irish and Scotch, and these are suitable for domestic service. There are but a few single . men, and among these are one or two Swedes 'ana several Danes. All the immigrants selected by -Mr Knight are more or less skilled in cotton manu factures, in the erection and managements, of machi nery, and all that is essential to its fabrication. They say that the desire for emigration among the 'cotton, operatives of Lancashire, in preference to forced idleness, is very strong, and that had Mr Knight the means, he could have secured 500 emi grants a week. The examination into the characters of those who were accepted appears to have been a rigid one, and in each case references from the late ' employers of the operatives were required. All 'appear to be equally anxiouB to obtain work, no ? iriatter of what description, arid they express them selves as willing to accept any remunerative em ployment. ',;. A meeting was held at Mount Blowhard on ; ^Thursday last, for the purpose of taking into con sideration the position of the holders of certificates for the selection of land. Mr M'Phillimy, J.P., occupied the chair, and pointed out the desirability \- oi a further extension of time for selection being allowed to those who had at great expense obtained certificates. Mr M'Intosh, J.P., coincided, but further advocated tho cause of those who, from an idea that the Land Act would turn out a sham, had ~* - failed to obtain certificates to which they were duly entitled. Mr Nicholson moved— ' That the Govern-' ' .' ment bo petitioned, to allow an extension of time for ' selection to those who held and to those who were entitled to demand certificates, and to all those who contemplate availing themselves of the 23rd (or Sfmnmino') clause of the ' Land Act of 1862.' Mr M'Intosh seconded the motion, which was carried, ©a tfe© motion of Mr Jsaae Berratt, seconded by Mr M'Intosh, it' was resolved that a committee, con sisting of , Messrs M'Phillimy, Baird, M'Kay, M'Intosh and^ the mover, should be appointed to carry out the' previous resolution. The meeting then terminated. Theiblackest minds are said to exhibit good quali ties on occasions. As an( instance of . this, the Talbot Leader relates the following: — 'It appears that shortly after Wallace, who was committed for trial at the Talbot Police Court on Saturday, escaped from the Back Creek lock-up,- he made his way to Rockhampton, and that, whilst attempting to cross a river there, he saw a boy struggling in the water. The current being rapid, tbe boy was unable to help himself, whereupon Wallace jumped into the water, and, at the risk of his own life, preserved that of the drowning boy. On Friday, or the day before, we are not sure which, Wallace received a letter from this boy's father, in which a £5 note was enclosed. Wallace was requested to. use this in his present emergency, and to apply to the writer for more money should he require it. Wallace's corre spondent expressed a very hearty wish thatthe man who had saved the life of his child might escape the grasp that justice had got upon him.' It is said thatthe Lyster Opera Troupe have been unsuccesstui in tnen- visit to oyoney. Alter pre parations for the production of ' Les Huguenots' on a similar scale to that which achieved so genuine a success in Melbourne, incessant bad weather, or other causes, prevented the speculation proving ad vantageous to the director. We have heard, with an amount of regret that we are sure all lovers of music will share, that Madame Escott and Mr Squires purpose an immediate departure for Cali fornia, and that Mr Reiff meditates a visit to Europe. If Mr Lyster's Opera Troupe breaks up, we fear it will be long before we shall have so generally excel lent a company of exponents of the lyric drama per forming together in Melbourne. The manufacture of brushes has been added to our other ' new colonial industries.' We have seen some specimens produced by Messrs Lezenboom and Co., of Fitzroy. They are of a -very superior quality, and, we are informed, can be sold at a price fully 25 per cent, less than that now charged for the imported article. We are in receipt of our files from New South Wales to the 22nd and from Queensland to the 19th inst. Via Sydney, we also have intelligence from Auckland, N.Z., to the 11th inst. In another column will be found a number of interesting details rela tive to the progress of the war. Sydney is respond ing to the call for volunteers, and up to Saturday last 150 had enlisted. Queensland, it appears, is also to be appealed to. The Courier of the 19th sayS: — ' We understand that a telegram has been received by the head of the military department in Queenslo.nd, requesting that he will enrol as many volunteers as are willing to offer themselves for military service in New Zealand. The war is now assuming a serious aspect, and it is anticipated that a strong accession to the force at present there may be received from Queensland.' At a meeting of the Executive Council, on Tuesday, a number of petitions that had been sent in praying for a commutation of the sentence of death passed upon Robert Guest, for rape, committed recently at Broadmeadows, were taken into consideration. The decision arrived at was to commute the sentence to imprisonment for twelve years — the first two years in irons. A deputation, consisting of Mr .Weekes, M.L.A., and several members of the Municipal Council of Beechworth, waited upon the hon. the Chief Secre tary, on Tuesday, and represented the great want that was felt in the district for some provision for des titute children, and for the temporary accommoda tion of lunatics.. Mr M'Culloch, after hearing the deputation, promised, to have steps taken to furnish him with as full information as possible on the subject, with a' view to the requirements of the district being provided for. Persons troubled with an infirmity of temper can hardly do better than imitate the conduct of a certain resident of Bridge street, Ballaarat, who, says the Star, 'a few days ago, made application at the Eastern Police Court to be bound over to Keep the peace towards all her Majesty's subjects for the space of six months. The police magistrate, doubt less thinking that the applicant was the best judge of the circumstances of the case, took his recogni sances in the sum of £20, the clerk of the court made out the usual form, the applicant paid the sum of 5s, and left the court, no doubt, well satis fied with the precaution he had taken.' Wo notice that a movement in the right direction is being made in South Yarra, in the establishment of the Prahran and South Yarra Penny Savings Bank. It was suggested some time ago in the meetings of the Band of Hope. Last week it took practical effect. In addition to a large committee, Messrs J. S. Ogilvy, James Stodart, and D. Ross, were ap pointed trustees, and the Rev. George Maclrie, presi dent. The secretary, Mr Johnstone, who has kindly volunteered his services, is a gentleman well ac quainted with such matters, having acted in the same capacity to a bank of the1 same kind in Scot land. The bank was opened on Saturday last, in the Presbyterian school, . Punt road, when 69 de posits were made, amounting in all to between £9 and £10. This is a good beginning. For old and young there are few things more desirable than habits of economy and saving. Any sum, from one penny to £1, is received on every Saturday evening, between the hours of 7 and 9 ; and, that all parties may feel quite secure, the money is banked in one of the Melbourne banks on Monday morning by one, and in the name of, the three trustees named above. ' A large quantity of base coin appears just now to be in circulation at Ballaarat. The Star says: — 'We stated a few, days ago that several bad half crowns have been taken by shopkeepers, and we now leam that spurious half-sovereigns are also in circu lation. No less than four of these base coins have been offered to one tradesman alone during the present week. They are made in imitation of the half-sovereigns coined at the Sydney Mint, and bear the date 1858. The ring of the metal is very much like gold, and, on the whole, the resemblance to' the genuine coin is very great.' George Luml'ey, alias Jack Simmonds, who was arrested on board tho ship Melbourne at Port Phillip Heads, bound for Manilla,' was brought before the Resident Magistrate, at Dunedin, N.Z., on the 4th instant, charged on the information of the prosecutor, Mr E. de Carle, with obtaining goods under false pretences. The Otago Times says—' The accused formerly kept the Oriental, at Christchurch ; and on the 4th June he purchased from the prosecutor four boxea of tobacco, on the faith of being solvent and, able, to pay iox them, Subsequently tho accused absconded from his creditors, and ? was :-, traced -to Victoria and arrested under circumstances, already made public. The criminal charge ?, was not made out, and the prisoner was discharged, his Worship at the same time declining to make any order for the detention of the large sum of money found in the possession of the ; prisoner's wife on his arrest. As the affairs of Lum ley have already been thrown into the Supreme Court under the Debtors and Creditors . Act, the case will no doubt be fully dealt with. Under any circumstances, it must be a matter of satisfaction to Lumley's numerous creditors that his escape was so cleverly prevented by the Victorian police.' A few days since we had to notice a serious accident that occurred on the Ballaarat line, and, judging from the evidence as to the breakage power attached to the trains on the Victorian Railways, given before the select committee on the Chewton station that accident will, unless the breakage-power is greatly increased, be only one of a series. In one portion of the evidence alluded to, Mr Higinbotham tells the committee that there are "parts of the lines at which trains travelling at the ordinary rate of speed are not under the absolute control of the drivers and guards," and that, in one instance, between Warrenheip bridge and Ballaarat East station, the distance of uncontrolability is equal to a distance of three miles. A driver, Evan Edwards, states, "the gradients are so very steep we go at a terrible pace sometimes, and we cannot help ourselves." Mr G. W. Knight says "the trains are frequently out of control;" on the lower portions of the gradients, "the trains are entirely unmanageable." So that for a portion of every journey performed on the railways, travellers are entirely at the mercy of the iron horse, which, on one occasion, it is stated by one witness, actually ran through the Castlemaine station at the rate of thirty miles an hour. It seems from the statement of nearly every person examined, that the breakage power on the Victorian Railways is dangerously defective, and Mr Darbyshire distinctly says that it is much less than he would have provided. The summary of the gold mining statistics for the month of June, prepared from the reports of the mining surveyors, has just been published. From it we find that the . total population of the gold fields during the month was 227,986, of whom 93,661 were returned as actual miners. Of these latter, 54,36i Europeans and 22,249 Chinese were engaged in alluvial mining ; and 16,893 Europeans and 158 Chinese in quartz reefing. The total po pulation on the several gold-fields was as follows :— Ararat, 12,794 ; Castlemaine, 45,743 ; Maryborough, 46,092; Sandhurst, 28,424; Beechworth, 36,670 ; and Ballaarat, 54,263. The entire area of ground worked was 766 square miles and a half, and the value of the plant used, £1,503,476. In alluvial mining there were engaged 335 steam engines, with 5625-horse power; 4212* puddling machines, 526 whims and pulleys, 236 whips, 192 horse pumps, 746 sluices and toms, 394 water wheels, 25 hydraulic hoses, 3 derricks, and. 3580 sluice boxes. In quartz mining there were engaged 456 engines, having ion aggregate horse power of 8105 ; 54 crushing ma chines, 243 whims and pulleys, 1 horse pump, 23 water wheels, 3 derricks, and 54 whips. A meeting of depositors in the. Provident Insti tute was held in the Trades' Hall, Lygon street, on Wednesday, at which a great deal Of discus sion took place, but scarcely any business was transacted. With a view to have every means taken for the full realisation of the estate, Mr Downie, one of the members of the depositors' committee, moved that two members of that com mittee should be. appointed as scrutineers, to examine books and documents, and assist and advise hi the conversion of the assets.- The motion was withdrawn after some discussion. ? In answer to inquiries. Mr J. Langlands, the trade assignee, stated that a plan of distribution was be ing prepared, and that a third dividend from the estate would be payable in the course of about a month. It was stated at the meeting that the amount of the official assignee's commission from the estate would be £6000. It is worthy of notice that the tendency of persons who have achieved fortunes in Victoria is to abandon the scene of .their success ; and, further, that this is more generally the case now than it was nine years ago. From Table III. of the occupations of the people, derived from the census returns, and lately issued from the Government Printing-office, it may be traced that, in 1854, the persons who returned themselves, of independent means numbered 1943 '; and, in 1861, there are . so enumerated but 1362. It is only on the assumption of the extent of ab senteeism that so large a falling-off can be reasonably accounted for. A deputation from the Williamstown Municipal Council -waited upon his Excellency Sir Henry Barldy, on Monday, and presented an address of con gratulation to her Majesty the Queen, on the mar riage of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to her Royal Highness1 the Princess Alexandra of Den mark. The following is a copy of the address :— ' To the Queen's most excellent Majesty. — May it please your Majesty, — On behalf of the inhabitants of the municipality of Williamstown, Victoria, we, ?the members of the Municipal Counoil, desire to offer to your Majesty our heartfelt congratulations upon the marriage of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra, of Denmark. It is our privilege to unite with other, of your Majesty's colonial subjects in the expression of our sympathy with the unani mous feeling of affection and dutiful interest evinced by the British people upon an event so grati fying to your Majesty and so full, of promise to your people. That the marriage of the Prince of Wales may be an abiding source of consolation and pleasure to your Majesty and happiness to their Royal High nesses, and of good to your Majesty's people is our most earnest prayer.' The address was sealed with the seal of the Corporation, and signed by Daniel; Inglis, chairman ; . Thomas Merson, Daniel M'Cal- i lum, William White, George Verdon, Albert Read, i and Charles J. C. Perry, members of council ; and dated Williamstown, Victeria, Australia, June, 1863. His Excellency said he ?would have much pleasure in forwarding the address, which he was sure would be most graciously received by her Majesty. The address, which was attached to a scroll roller con tained hi an ornamental case of colonial wood, was beautifully written in illuminated characters, with a border of native flowers. The artist, wo under stand, waB Mr G. F. Smith, of Williamstown. A correspondent, writing from Auckland under date of 6th August, says — ' One of the hobbies, for I can call it nothing else, of the Muories, is to at tack ? Auckland ; and, although there are many who either nffecfc to believe, or do believe, that they will never b'e so foolhardy as to attempt it — yet, more improbable things have occurred. The establish ment of military, posts aoross what would be the most feasible lines of transit for the natives^ will, prevent them from taking any direct course across the country, but there are other ways by which they could pay us ah unwelcome visit, namely, by water ; and the most probable route would be by the east coast from the Thames and the Wairoa— where they are at present hi large numbers. I am glad to say howevej-,that measures have been taken to avert any sudden invasion from this quarter. On Wed nesday night the Auckland steamship sailed for the mouth of the Wairoa, with 120 Jnaval Volunteers and she will remain there until relieved by the Eclipse, which vessel will, for the present, remain ' there, as a guard ship. We have also the little Tas manian Maid, now metamorphosed into the gunboat Sand-fly, cruising about, and two other small ves sels, the only use of which would be to give the alarm. If I .? were to say wte can afford to laugh at the threatened invasion of Auckland by the rebels, I should be saying what would not be endorsed by the citizens generally. There can be no doubt that a very uneasy f eeling prevails here, not that it is supposed for one moment that the rebels could hold Auckland, but from an apprehen sion of the loss of life that would necessarily ensue before they were expelled. Should the natives be so mad as to attempt it, the General would, no doubt, be down upon them in a moment, and, with . out their fav.orite bush cover, I suspect they would have such an account to render of killed and wounded as would strike terror into them for some time to come. There can be no doubt that we have nothing like the force required to cope with them suc cessfully hi then* mountain fastnesses ; and, if left to our present resources, it will be, instead of a war of extermination on our part, nothing but a series of skir mishes, with no decided result ; and this, if pro tracted, would, before long, make thes- country ?bankrupt and ruined. The number of the native population has, by all accounts, been greatly under estimated. We have hitherto had to deal with a few tribes about Taranaki, but now that a very general rising has taken place, we are better able to judge of their numbers." The promoters of a Home for Governesses and Servants, hi this city, having succeeded in obtaining a sufficient amount to enable them to commence an establishment on a small scale, a meeting of the ( donors and subscribers was held in the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday,|to determine whether the com mittee ' should further delay taking any action till the amount requisite for the erection of a building such as was originally devised was obtained, or make a commencement by hiring premises adequata for the accommodation of a few governesses and others, and .making provision for servants in the Industrial Home. The sum already raised amounts to £500, but it is estimated that. £1500 would be. neces- sary to carry out the original scheme. Had the Government, as was anticipated, given a grant-in-aid of £2 for every £1 obtained by subscription, the rate usually observed in regard to grants for public charities, the requisite amount would have been provided; but, as the Government under the late Ministry. had refused assistance, the committee were under the necessity of consulting the subscribers as to the course that should now be adopted, seeing it was determined that some action should be taken when the sum of £500 was raised. At the meeting on Monday his Honor Sir William ' Stawell presided, and on the report, which was an outline of the proceedings of the committee since the last public meeting, being adopted, a resolution' was agreed to appointing, a committee of management, and proposing that a Home should be commenced at once on a small scale, by , hiring a building that would be suitable for the purposes of a general r'e gistry ; and, at the same time, affording accommoda tion for a few inmates— governesses to have a pre ference—and that, for the present, advantage, should be taken of the offer of the ladies' committee of the Industrial Home to provide accommodation hi that institution for servants. The allegations made at a meeting of the Muni cipal Council of Beechworth, about two years ago, to the effect that a ? considerable portion' of the ex penses of deputations to -Melbourne, was incurred in 'Bhouting' to members of the Assembly, and driving them about in cabs, were brought under the notice of the Assembly, 'on Wednesday, by' Mr. Wright and Mr Weekes. It appears that there is again a deputation from the Beechworth Municipal Council in town, and that the gentleman who made the re marks complained of is a member of it. Mr Wright and Mr Weekes thought that such an oppor tunity should not be lost of requiring from him an explanation of his ' allegations, seeing that he had hitherto refused to give any, and suggested that any applications the deputation might make' should be refused until such explanation was afforded. Mr Weekes, hi the course of his remarks, adverted to the repetitions of the insinuations hi the local journal, and stated that he had at one time made some inquiries, with the view of instituting an action against the author of them, but he found it would be commercially unsafe to do so, . and besides, he had a disinclination to bring himself into .the position of relationship that would be established by. an action at law with a per son who had been in her Majesty's service on board a hulk, hi a capacity that secured him his food and clothes, and gave him an intimate acquaintance with the tailor and hairdresser. After both hon. mem bers had concluded then' remarks, the matter waa allowed to drop. . . We have our files from Hobart Town to the 19th, and from Launceston to the 20th instant. A select committee has been appointed to inquire into the charges made hi Parliament against the judges of the Supreme Court, and the members of the bar have presented an address to then* Honors, express ing then* confidence in them. Referring to the war hi New Zealand, the Hobart Town Advertiser says:— 'The intelligence from New Zealand haa i naturally caused much excitement in Hobart Town, as well as hi the adjoining colonies, and not a few persons have expressed an opinion that a volunteer contingent could be raised here without much diffi culty or delay. It will, therefore, only be necessary to suggest prompt action to elicit the offer of a number of volunteers to assist our fellow-colonists hi New Zealand hi this trying emergency ; and no doubt some leading martini spirit will bo found to take the matter np at once.' Tho friends of unsectarian eduoation may learn what the tactics of the Catholic clergy are with regard to the Common Schools Act, from tho minute recently issued 'under tho direction of the Bishop and the Catholic Education Committee.' We beg to call particular attention to olauso 7 in the minute re^ H ferred; to, which is as follows :— ' In order that those H schools which have been deprived of Government H aid since the 1st of' July, in consequence of not ' ffl having had the required average attendance, may i H not be closed, the committee advise the clergy to j H adopt the following plans :— 1.. To obtain, when ra possible, married couples, of which one is able to M ? teach, while the other pursues his or her usual II avocation. 2.' To use all their influence to induce H Catholic, parents, to send their children to Catholic M schools, and to pay their school fees weekly, since i M the teacher has now to depend almost solely upon j H them for subsistence. 3. To make a collection once j 'H in each quarter, the proceeds to be given to the j H ' teacher at the end of the quarter as. a subsidy, if the B school has been conducted to the satifaction of the H local pastor. 4. To induce the charitably disposed; g| especially the wealthy and those who have no fami M lies, to . give their -subscriptions in aid of local.. H Catholic education. 5. To lay before the Catholics H of the school district accurate returns, every half El year, of all receipts and disbursements for the above , H purpose. 6. To keep rolls of attendance as nearly §1 as possible in the usual form, and to make a return 6 of the total number and average attendance, as well ?j as of the amount received from fees and subscrip S tions, to this office at the end of each quarter. 7. HI Wherever there is a chance of establishing a new m school* to do so without delay on the above H plans — and in all cases to locate it in such a J n situation as to leave the Catholics the least pre- j H tence for sending their children to the common H school. ' M Resignations amongst the officers of the volunteer || force appear to be just now the prevailing fashion. ffl About a week since Captain W. C. Sniitfh resigned his H position in the Ballaarat Rifles, and we learn from Hj the Ballaarat Star that 'a few days ago Captain M Dowling, of the Creswick Volunteer Contingent, g forwarded his resignation as the captain of the corps M to Major Wallace, in consequence of a 'tiff' with B| some of the members who displayed a penchant for 11 newspaper correspondence. H r The four-oared scratch matches of the Elswick Club H came off very successfully, notwithstanding the M threatening weather on Saturday. In order that the H races might take place in boats as nearly equal as H ( possible, the Melbourne and Leander Clubs lent two W of their gigs, which enabled four crews to start. The [U boats took their position in. a line, and at distances of M a hundred and fifty feet apart, in the following fl order : — Young Australian, Melbourne, Leander, and §1 Atalanta. Mr Edwards officiated as starter, and, at H the word ' off,' the several crews struck vigorously H out ; but, in spite of all exertions, the first heat was if concluded without any bumping taking place. On returning to the starting-place, tne crews changed boa'ts, but started in the same order as at first. Owing to one or two slight mishaps, the young Aus tralian had to give in, and was bumped by the Mel bourne. These two drew out of the course, and the other two pulled on to the goal without the distance between them being lessened. The crews having again changed boats, the Melbourne, Leander and Atalanta started for the thivd heat, and, before reaching the bend of the river, the Atalanta bumped the Leander. The last heat was between the Atalanta and the Melbourne, and resulted in the former winning the day. Her crew on this occasion were Messrs J. H. Banks, H. Froomes, P. Walsh, E. M. James, and Brown, coxswain. Both boats started well, I but the Atalanta, having the south side of theriver,soon shot ahead of her competitor, and was three lengths in advance on reaching the bend. The Melbourne then gave in, and both boats returned to the sheds ; the winning crew, who were the favorites from the first, beingloudly cheered. In consequence of its coming on to rain heavily about this time, the pair oared races were postponed to Saturday, the 5th proximo. As there are already twelve entries, a very exciting race may be anticipated. The usual monthly meeting of the shareholders of the Beehive Mining Association, Tarrengower, was held on Monday afternoon at the offices of the association, Market street. Mr M. Keogh occupied the chair. The board's report of the operations of the company, since the last meeting, was read by the secretary, and adopted. It showed that, during the month, 677 tons of quartz had been crushed, yielding 256 oz 10 dwt of amalgam, from which 191 oz 10 dwt of retorted gold was realised, or 88 oz 10 dwt 12 gr of smelted gold, amounting to £351 7s 5d. The expenditure for the same period was £514 0s 3d. Besides alluding to other matters, the report set forth that a considerable improvement had taken place in the appearance of the mine, as some very rich specimens had been taken from a leader in the black reef which was expected to be the com mencement of a good patch. The other portions of the mine also showed a marked improve ment, particularly at the north end, -which had ' been poor for some time.' The contractors for raising the stone were paid accord ing to the yield. If it only averaged 4. dwt per ton they received 7s, if 6 dwt they received 93 and if 10 dwt or upwards they received 10s ; and if the average yield was below 4 dwt per ton, the pay sheet for the month was first deducted, and the balance then divided amongst them. At the olose of this meeting a similar one was held of the share holders of the Grand Junction, Mining'Association; gj but beyond the reading of the monthly report, I which was adopted, no other business was trans | acted. The report showed that, during the month I of July the tributers had been principally engaged \- fl in prospecting. The indications on Messrs Holmes' Iand the Merrimac Company's ground -were reprc- ' sented as being very promising, and likely to lead to satisfactory results. During the month, two orushings had taken place — one of 30 tons, from Messrs Peardand Co.'s ground, which yielded 41 oz 16 dwt 12 gr, and amounting to £163 2s 4d ; and a trial crushing of 13 tons, from Messrs Truebridge's claim, which yielded 3 oz 8 dwt 12 gr, and realised ?ei2 15s8df . The little excitement occasioned by the dispute' |3Qr --5en Major Wallace and Captain Smith of the \ Ballaa va* r*uos- aPPears to be dying out. The Star oE Tues ^av suvs ' — ' '^e uave 1'eceived some more : letters in refel'ence to the dispute between Mr Smith and 1^aJor ^aUace, the object of which seems U be to keep . nP P'- ***? asx lon? «? P°ssible- tWe must, however,' . df™ to. P™8*' .anv J^' to the amusement : °f &» Pu.bllc in . «'» m^te,r- ,as we think that bot- champions might well shake hands, and let by-gc™s be by-gones. Nothing is I to be gained by porsisi-e ™, ^ challenge except a I little public amusement, wlule much may be lost on I both Bides. If Major WaJUaoe accepts the challenge I literally, he will have to g-? and fight the Maones as a full private, and Ms xmdpubtedly valuable aer vioea 08 a commissioned ^fftcev wxll be lost, This .consideration alone would fully warrant him with drawing on public grounds, as we would imagine good officers to be somewhat scarce, : especially of ficers experienced in the command of volunteers. On the other hand, if Mr Smith goes, he leaves a' wide sphere of usefulness to maintain a challenge given in a moment of irritation. Mr Smith has done, and doubtless can do, good fighting on his own ground and in his own way, 'and be of much more service to the community here than to the Go- ' vemment of New Zealand. Now the fun is pretty ?well exhausted, we think all reasonable persons will see that he who withdraws first has the most sense, for no credit can be gained by persisting in a course clearly unwise and- beneficial to nobody. True courage is that which enables a man to do' right even though a quantity of barren spectators' maylaugh.' . A specialmeeting of the Council of Agriculture was held, on Tuesday, at the offices of the board. Seven members were present. Mr. Alexander Mac kenzie was unanimously elected chairman of the council for the ensuing twelve months. Amemorial from the committee of the Castlemaine Agricultural. Society, requesting that the claim made by that so ciety for a participation in the grant-in-aid should be re-considered, was discussed at some length ; and, on the motion of the hon. W. H. P. Mitchell, the secretary was instructed to inform the committee thai the council is prepared to recommend to the board such an alteration in the bye-laws as will ad mit the Castlemaine Agricultural Society to partici pate in the grant-in-aid next year. A letter was read from Messrs M'Pherson1 and Francis, request ing a trial of some sheepwash for the cure of scab, upon some of the sheep lately operated upon at the Experimental Farm. The secretary was requested to apply the wash to five of those sheep, and it was also directed that a like number should be experi mented upon with a sheep-dipping composition im ported by Mr Hood, who had previously made ap plication to test it. The Farm Committee for the ensuing twelve months, and a sub-committee to re vise the bye-laws, were appointed ; the latter com mittee being instructed to prepare, such bye-laws for the consideration of the board, which meets on the 15th of September. The usual weekly meeting of the Council of. the Acclimatisation Society was held on Tuesday last. Present : Dr Black, Colonel Ross, and Messrs P. R. Godfrey and Albert Purchas. The Secretary re ported that the Cape pheasants* Indian pheasants, and grey partridges, recently received, had been sent down to the society's depdt, at Phillip Island. Dr Black brought forward the question of sericulture,. and stated that, convinced as he was that this would ultimately become one of our staple industries, he was desirous that the whole energies of the council should be devoted to helping it for ward in every possible -way, and it was resolved, importance and benefit of promoting the industry of sericulture in this colony, should at once take steps to accomplish the same by procuring and sowing a quantity of seed of the white mulberry, in their gardens, at the Royal Park, in order to be able to disperse the plants throughout the colony.' Dr Black mentioned that he had requested Mr Martelli to go out with him to the Park, for the purpose of fixing upon the most suitable spot for forming this nursery of plants, and had further written by the outgoing mail to Mr Wilson, requesting him to pro cure and bring out with him a supply of sound and healthy eggs, Mr Martelli having furnished him ?with the addresses of some gentlemen who had pro mised to supply them. The council also unani mously passed the following vote of thanks to Mr Duffieldj: — ' That the best thanks of this council be given to A. J. Duffield, Esq., for the interesting and instructive lecture on Acclimatisation, delivered by him on the 20th inst., and that the same be re corded on the minutes.' The great event, the subject of mingled hopes and fears, of grave deliberations and joyous antici pations, is over. The lights are out, the decorations faded, and the dresses consigned, for a time at least, to the dark recesses of the wardrobe. But 'Was a joyous thing while it lasted, and no one, we will guarantee, was disappointed with the Mayor's Fancy Dress Ball. Never before on Thursday has there been such an assemblage within the walls of the Exhibition Building. W6 have seen, on previous occasions, all the beauty of Vic toria mustered there to do honor to and celebrate our Sovereign's natal day ; and then we have also seen at another time a deputation of aboriginal chiefs. However, all times and all costumes appeared to be represented. Cavaliers of bygone days were resuscitated, and gallant Leices ters onco more paid court to Elizabethian dames. There were merry monarchs enough to have flirted with all the girls in Christendom, and sufficient friars to have confessed and absolved them after wards. There were far more Hamlets than Pro fessor Pepper could possibly have satisfied with ghosts, and enough Ophelias for them all. Tb.6re were plenty of brigands to have infested an Italian mountain, looking despe rate enough to commit any number of murders or abductions, or to rob any quantity of timid travel lers. Enough Swiss peasants, one would have thought, to cultivate all the hills in Switzerland, and shepherdesses to attend to their flocks ; whilst vivandieres were so numerous and (so pretty that, to have admitted them into her' Majesty's forces, would most seriously have endangered the discipline. There were black men and white men, and men neither white nor black, but half and half, the line of demarcation being care fully drawn down the nose. All appeared thoroughly to enjoy themselves, and every thing seemed to have been done to secure the comfort and happiness of the guests. The building was most handsomely decorated by Mr Hill, and great credit is duo to Mr Isaacs, of the London Tavcra, for the admirable manner in which the refreshment department was conducted. Both the wines and the. edibles were very good, and . they were all well served. In the Equity Court, on Thursday, in the matter of the insolvency of William Rutledge, Mr Justice Molesworth delivered judgment upon the rule nisi to expunge a proof of debt by the Bank of Aus tralasia. The rule was dismissed, with costs. At: the City Court, on Thursday, two mon named William Butler and Joseph Stevenson, were charged with breaking into the shop of Mr ? Calvert, a poul terer in the Eastern Market, early on the morning of Sunday last, and stealing therefrom an iron safe, containing money to the amount of about £25, and some deeds of property. A young lad named John Stevenson, the son of one of the prisoners, was the principal notor in the robbery ; but m liis evidence. was required, in order to convict the^others, the charge against him was -withdrawn,-- and' 'ho. Was, examined as a witness. None of those filial feelings which might render it, at the least, extremely re pugnant to a son to condemn his own father, seemed to affect him, and he was not in the slightest degree disconcerted with the degrading position he occupied. He frankly explained the way in which the shop had been entered. Early on Sunday morning he .climbed. on to the roof and descended through a skylight into the shop. He then groped his way to the front door, which he cautiously opened, and bis father and the other prisoner then entered. A little truck was in readiness at the doer, and the safe was carried out with all speed by them whilst he kept watch, and, after being covered with some fish, it was , conveyed to a house in Little Lonsdale street, where, with some clumsy appli ances they had at hand — an axe and chisel — it was opened in about four hours, and the money ab stracted. Some bills they found in it were burned, but, strange to say, there were deeds in it of consi derable value, and these were overlooked, as they were in it next day when it was found lying broken on a vacant piece of land opposite the Wesleyan Chapel, where they had afterwards . deposited it. The case was further remanded until Wednesday. A soiree in celebration of the opening Of the re cently erected north wing of . the Ballaarat Benevo lent Asylum was held on Wednesday last, and was a very great success. Nearly a ? thousand persons were present, and the gross proceeds will amount to from £125 to £130.' 'The area of destitution,' says the Star, ' seems to widen, and besides this the committee has constantly to deal with attempts at imposition by lazy or otherwise unsuitable appli cants for relief.' In pronouncing judgment in a debt case at the County Court, Geelong, on Tuesday, his Honor Judge Brewer travelled a little out of his way to ex plain the grounds upon which he arrived at a deci sion. The Advertiser says — ' His Honor observed that he was in the habit of watohing the counte nances of witnesses as they gave their evidence, and by this test he felt assured in the .present instance it was the plaintiff who told the truth. A Lavater on the bench may not make the most undesirable judge, but, at the same time, it is scarcely safe for a gen tleman holding such a delicate and responsible posi tion to publicly pledge himself to a theory that may certainly be upset by the ordinary sunning of any clever plaintiff or defendant. Moreover, in tins in stance, his Honor's remarks applied in a very offen sive manner to the defendant, who is a respectable man, and whose evidence was given in a manner that certainly did not deserve the stigma cast upon it.' A congregational meeting was held at Meredith, on Tuesday evening last, at seven o'clock. The Rev. R. M'Pherson, pastor of the congregation, pre sided. After devotional exercises and some remarks from the chairman, the Rev. A. Paul, who was pre sent, gave a historical sketch of the prolonged law proceedings in connection with the Free Church manse, near Meredith. , The rev. gentleman pointed out the singular case of collision between two con veyances for the same property. W. J. Eeid, Esq., also made a statement, dwelling on the persevering efforts which had been made to get him to resign his trusteeship to the Presbyterian congregation, though they never appointed him. A vote of thanks was unanimously carried to the Rev. A. Paul, for his unwearied watchfulness in the matter. The trastees were authorised to sign the necessaiy papers conveying the manse property, in consideration of £200, which, under the circumstances, was taken as a safe equivalent in view of the confusion in which the title is involved, and the unsuitable position of the present manse. The committee of management were instructed to act as a building committee, in providing a manse for the minister. It appeared, during the discussion, that the Rev. P. M'Pherson had been appointed a trustee for the property at Lethbridge, in place of the Rev. R. Fleming, who has left the colony. The meeting closed with the benediction^ There was a numerous meeting of the ratepayers of Hawthorn, on Thursday, in the Town Hall, W. H. Pettett, Esq., in the chair, for the purpose of hearing Mr O'Grady, M.L.A.. explain his opinions upon the subject of the Municipal Amendment and Local Government Bills. Mr O'Grady's address was received with satisfaction by the meeting, and a resolution was passed expressive of confidence in him as the representative of South Bourke. 