DUNGOG. BY HENRY KENDALL. HERE pent about by office walls, And burrin rye« all day, 'Tis «weil to ll.tuk of waterfalls Two bundled miles anny ! i J Mould not »le you, friend«, to brook -tri old, old truth from me, If I coull! »but a reel's book v\ Itch haunts mc, Uko the Sea 1 lie saltti to mr, this roet satth, Bo roany thtngi of light, That I have found a fourfold faith, And gained a twofold tight, II« tcllcth me, this Poet tolls, How much of (Jod is seen Amongst ibe de-rp-mosseil Englliu dell«, And mile« of gleaming green, l'rom many a black Gctbiomano, Ho load« my bleeding feet To where I hear the Morning Sea Hound shining spices beul I * To whcio 1 feel the wind, which Dring« A sound of running Creek«, Ami Mons those dark unpleasant things, 'I be totrovm from my checks, I'll shut mine eyes, my Poet «Thelcc, And «|Knil the day with thee ; I'll drouin lion art u fountain voice That God hath sent to me ! And far beyond these ofllco walls My thought» «hull even airar ; And watch the ?»llfu);«atcrfiill» Two hundred uiilis away. ï'or, if 1 know not of «hy dells, And darling Kinllnh downs, I've seen tho elcep wild llungog fells, And Anic the heart of ton na ! Then ho ! for beaming bank anil brake. Far-folded hllln uiiiong. Whcro Williams, lik . a silver snake, Draws winding lengths along 1 And ho 1 for stormy mountain cones, Whcro headlong \\\ inter leaps, What time the gloomy sivamu-oak groans, And weep«, and nail-, and ueepa, lhere, friends, arc snot» 0f sleepy green Where one may hear ufar, O'er fifteen league of Hatte, 1 ween, A moaning harbour bar .' . (Ilie Fen that breaks, and beats, and shakes The cinirns. hoohng loud, Beyond the midnight Myall lakes, And h.iii-.m »kunu stroud ) There, through the fretful Autumn days, Beneath a cloudy sun, Comes, rolling donn rmn-ruttcd ways, Tho wind, huroclydon ! While ratlin, oier rhen rosU, The thunda harsh and dry ; And hlusuilng gum and broo'.ug box Arc threshing ut the sky ! And then the gloom doth vex the sight V\ 1th crude unshapi ly renns, Who hold throughout lue idling Night A fellowship with M rais ! But here are shady tufts and turns, VV here sumptuous) Mimtncr lies (By rcachm hi ave with Hag« anti ferns) With large luxurious eyes. And hero another gettcth case, Our i-pri'ip, ro rarely seen, Who show« us In the cedar trees A glimpse of golden green : What time tho flapping bats havo trooped Awiy, like ghosts to grave«; And darker growths than Night aro cooped in silent hillside caves. Ah, Dungog, dream of darling days, 'Tia better thou should'sl be A far-otf thing to love and praiso A boon from Heaven to mc ! Tor let me say that when I look With wearied eyes on men, I think of ono unchanging nook, And find my faith again. 