THE BISHOP OF ROCHESTER ON SHEEP. (From the Zondon Review, May 30.) TUE most "pious of bishops seem fated occasionally to put themselves in absurd positions, simply for want of a little ordinary common-sense, and tha Bishop of RochtBler ia no exception to the rule. Ilia first step after his elevation to the Bench was to run a tilt against beards. His lest is to forbid an excellent and learned clergyman the use of the pulpits in his diocese, because, being in too feeble health to undertake duty, he farms come few acres of land, and occasionally takes a service for a sick brother clergyman at a pinch. "We think seriously that this is carrjing the social tyranny of bishops a little too fer. It is not long since the Bishop of Exeter pronounced a similar inhibition against the Rev. Julian Yourc, at Torquay, cn the gfound that he gave penny Shake-pearitm readings to the working men. A bishop somewhere else, it is said, objects to shooting. Somebody else hos a horror of village cricket, und the lifo of uuhsppy curates has been thereby rendered unnecessarily sanc- timonious ; -whilst round hand bowling-which in country villages depends so greatly on the youngest curate-is almost becoming unknown in that county, and the rural elever.s of the diocese for some seasons have been almost unable to get one another out. Now that the Bishop of Rochester objects to sheep, the circle of clerical enjoyment is still further narrowed. In the great beard controversy, the sympathies of the British public were by no means on the side of the bishops, though they were by no means on the side of the beards. Muscular Christians, indeed, of an ad- vanced school, regarded the prohibition of long hair and other badges of physical capacity as a direct injury to religion, But in general, the natural dislike which is fe'.t to anything unusual pronounced a verdict against beards ; though nobody pretended to say that egregiè cordatus and egregU bar batus might not be often correlative terms. But everybody agreed that the Bishop of Rochester had better have lot beards wag merrily all round his diocese, than have taken up the cudgels in favour of razors. In the first pince, common sense tells us that in minor social matters of the kind, where neither tho honour of religion nor the great truths of Christianity are concerned, a clergyman is the best judge of what he may or may not do. It is ridiculous to pretend to lay down laws on such points at all for other persons ¡ end if rules ore tobe made, let them be made by a rf gul ar council of discipline, and not by a casual bishop, who, perhaps, is orotchetty, and has strong objections to everything that he has never felt any temptation himself to enjoy. Secondly, interference on 6uch points is really a piece of ecclesiastical impertinence, though the parti- cular atmosphere of a bißhop's palace prevents many a worthy bishop (rom seeing that it is such. Bishops are not heads over their clergy in the same sense in which an abbot is at the head of his monastery. They are to mamtsin the honour snd discipline of the Church. But what gentlemen of mature »go and education would take orders if he understood that he was to be at the mercy, in small and trivial social matters, of a brother clergyman, who, perhaps, has been elevated to the berton more for his earnestness and diligence thsn for his refinement or his know-; ledge of the world? No doubt, the theory is that! bishops are men of judgment and of the world. Bat , in a country where political and religious parties influence the choice of the Episco- pacy, and where nobody knows much about the person appointed, except that he is on the whole a good and active mon, it is obvious that bishops are iiequently anything but men of the world. At present the Bench have quite enough social power and influ- ence among their clergy. As it is, a bishop's palace is a little court, with its favourites, its counsellors, and its courtiers. We have no desire to see this social influence indefinitely extended. It is far better in a Protestant Church that the standard of clerical manners should be fixed by the laymen of the com munity than by the biBhops. There is no fear that lay opinion on such social matters will be at all too j and it iß better, perhaps, that clergymen, in their j dealings with others, thould err on the side of in fojmality than on the Bide of ecclesiastical pedantry. The «rime by which the Rev. Mr. Davies has in curred the disanprobation of the Bishop of Rochester is a crime for "which half the patriarchs of the Old Tcsttment, to say nothing of King David himself, would have forfeited his lordship's good opinion, had such a rigid episcopal censor only been born at the proper time? The Rev. Mr. Davies both K.eepB, aid, we presume, in due time sells Bheep. He does, Ü.** is to say, what every nobleman, and what half the clergymen in the country do ; and, in fact, as he puts it very unanswerably to his lordship, what half the prelates of the Church do to the present day. It is not asserted that he Bells them improperly, cr that he asks too high a price for them; or that he mnkes merry over his bargains as is the manner of contracting sheepowners, who love to crown all busi- ness with society and beer. Nor does he jog home from market with hie wife behind his back, far leBB with anybedy elBts's wife. Nor is there any pretence for sajing that he outrages conventionality in the very slightest way. The Bishop's indictment, evidence, I verdict, and sentence are briefly, but pithily, contained I in tw o paragraphs of the i igh t revet end despatch. He objectB to sheep, tecsuse he thinks that associating with sheep is equivalent to being mixed up in au equivocal wBy with the palish goats : " It appears to be generally know» and much re- marked upon that you are engaged in the management of land, holdiDg a farm also yourself, and of necessity associating with fanners at markets far more than is usual in the case of clergymen, or thau is proper for them, according to the best judgment I can form. You ere not licensed; and I mutt therefore request that you wül henceforth desist from officiating in any nf 4V"> n1,«>nt,nG "-A_i..":",l!_.:_»' Itt proper ts it WBJJ believed to be to grow herds, to grow com teems worse. His lordship ought to found a society for the discouragement of clerical fertility, if a clergy men is not to be a'lowed to grow anything at all. Nor cen we help thinking that it is rather hard upon li tat x maiketB, and Essex farmers. Agri- cultural society in Essex has often been Sbid, in conformity with the other natural ebbt act eristics of that county, tobe a little flit, but it is ceminly the first time we ever heard it was dargcrous. We Bhould have thought that if there wt s inc county in England where neology never was heard of, snd Bishop Colenso had not the ghost of a chance, it would have been in Essex ; ' and that a clergyman might disport himself all day in that theological Arcadia without ever getting ECent of a herety unless it were about thc manner of manuring turnips. There must, then, be something very awful in ' the condition of the Essex farmers, if, in spite of their acknowledged freedom from spéculation, their company is nevertheless so demoralizing to a clergyman in weak health. We presume we may tuke it for granted, in discussing the question, that a clergyman must associate with some- body. Of comee, if one is never to see anybody ex- cept his Bishop, he ought not to count. . If he does not live amongst farmer?, he lives, we suppose, with iicnmongCTS or cottonepinners, or merchants, BOtno wbeio else ; and associates with those about him. "Why are frrrners worst* than ironmongers rr mer- chants ? Nobody dares to say that Mr. Davies hat deserted his own class for tho society of others be- neath him. He is a man- says a neighbouring rector -of talent and of scholarship, "well known to the Church at large by his literary labeurs." Tho bishop himself in a subséquent letter confesses as much, and thereby cuts away any imaginary justification he may have had from under his own feet. " My act has not been done hastily, or without due consideration of Mr. Davies's respectable and good standing in the Church and ia society." We see, then, that Mr. Davies is of good standing in society. He cannot, therefore be iu the habit of mixing willi farmers more than is fit for au ordinary Í gentleman, and indeed he himself pointedly asserts this ¡ nor does his lordship atttnipt to contradict him. Mr. Davies thuB writ* s on January 24th to the Bishop : " My grain and cattle, when sold in market, aro sold by a commission agent, because I dislike that part of the work. I oiten ride into Chelmsford on matket days, and I have the friendship of many of the h ading agriculturists of Essex. But my tastes htivo never ltd me into low company, because I was born a gentleman before I was made a clergyman." There must, therefore, as we feared, bc something catching about Essex farmers in particular that unfits them for clerical society. Perhaps they wear beards, which would explain it all. The only other explanation is that the good bishop is gradually weaning his clergy from tho world. He has already put an end io beards and cricket. He Í3 now going on in a humble and fearless spirit to do away with, mar- ket«. Christians will next have to retire from green fields. The last, a finsl victory, will be achieved at the expense of the rector's kitchen garden. "It appears to be generally known, and much remarket! on, that jou are engnged in the management of a kitchen garden." So his lordship's letters will next run, end we have no doubt that thc-re is not a single garden in favour of which he would make an excep- tion, no, not tho garden of Eden itself. Having begun with cutting off sheep, and discounten- ancing the precedents of tho patriarchs, he will then have achieved a conquest at the expense of the reputation of our cemmon parents themselves, and the worthy Bishop's triumph over mundane occupation will be completa. The diocese will be a little triste, but the clergy will soon become accustomed to it, and learn that the Christian elerey mah'B horse never goes out of a trot, and that the Christian clergyman himself never quits the high, read. An Index of prohibited amusements might hang up in every rectoiy, like the Index of pro- hibited Degrees of Matriuge : '.A clergyman may not flirt oven with his grandmother. "A clergyman may not attend archery meetings; or bowl ronna hand. A clergyman may not grow either beards or barley, "A clergyman may not keep Bheep. " A clergyman may not smoko, "A clergyman may not cultivate hogs, or, far less, gs to dances. "A clergyman may not rids to market, "A olergyman may not run or swing his arms." The punishment for clergymen who transgressed in my of these particulars should be, if he was a curate, to nave his licence revoked ; and, if he was a rector, he should forfeit his bishop's love. We might multiply the list of forbidden excitements ad infinitum ; but it is sufficient to throw out the idea roughly foi the rural deens of his lordship's diocese to workout. A good deal of austerity may be inculcated by a judicious and vigilant supervision of the habits and manners prevalent at all the vicarages round. Wa have reason to believe that in some parts of the country croquet is terribly on the increase ; a good many young curates, it ia said, play at it more than is either desirable or proper for them. Let the Bishop of Rochester look to it, for it is no use putting down ono source of vicious amusement if another is to be let crop up in its place. Croquet is certainly as¡ idle a pursuit es farming ; and we do not know that associating with the squire's daughters is a more clerical pursuit than riding to the county town on market-day. Surely the Bishop of Rochester's good sense might tell him that in ail things of tho kind clergymtn are best left to their own discretion, so long as nothing is done to bring discredit on the Church. One thing is certain, that to forbid a clergyman the use of the pulpit ia a most serious step, and, unless justified by urgent necessity, the gravest ir.jury. It appears that . Mr, Davies is too highly respected in Essex and by bis brother clergy to suffer harm ; but the Bishop's con- duct, is not the more excusable. He bas run the risk of damaging a brother clergyman's reputation for life be- cause he disapproves of what ia, at worst, a mere error of taBte.and feeling, a venial and trivial fault. These) are the unpractical mistakes that bring the Bench into a kind of half contempt with the world without. The publication of the controversy will reflect more on the Bishop's savoir faire than on Mr. Davies's character. Tie minor grievances of which Mr. Davies com- plains are the want of conbidera'ion shown by the Bishop in Bending him an inhibition with- out vouchsafing a word of remonstrance or warn- ing, though he was an old friend of the Bishop and known to him personally for years ; and, again, that the Bishop hod not chosen to inform him who were his accusers. He has been made to undergo a species of rJ egradaiion in the teeth of the social protest en- tered against the Bishop's decision by one-half of the county. We think Mr. Davies's vindication of Iiis agriculture! pursuits is very apposite. '* I have read as much ns most mes, but I never yet met with a passage in sny writer, sacred or pro- fane, in which agriculture is supposed to be a hin- drance to the development of man's higher nature and nobler feelings. The Church, by assigning glebe, of great extent in some instances', reôogtiîsés even iii her employed members the fact that farming is not unclerical. Mr. Huxtable's appointment last year to the archdeaconry of Dorset was well received by the Church, and Mr. Huxtable is one of the giants of agriculture. Many clergy farm more thousands than 1 do hundreds of acres. The glebe at Danbury which the late Bishop was fond of showing to his clergy, and which I believe your lordship keeps in your own hands, is to the extent of three hundred acres. I have never associated with farmers in any other way than, every Christian gentleman ought to associât" them. Your lord shin will therefore exe- Q w«ti' testing against my "course havin; . ¿£ uncfeiFC{£ Having put the letters mtQ a pam0phlet for myT¿ 