TASMANIA. From Hobart Tows we have files to the 11th, and from Launceiton to the 14th inst. Lackcestok.—The Cornwall Chronicle states that the Ministry have taken steps with a view to the amendment of the existing regulations, from which the trade of Launceston has suffered so much. The Chronicle strongly urges that Launceston should be declared a free port. Telegraphic Charges.—It appears that action has been taken by the Tasmanian Government in the matter of cheapening the charges for trans mitting telegraphic messages. The Hobart Town Mercury announces that a considerable reduction is forthwith to be made in the cost of telegrams, in order "to popularize that which has hitherto been merely the luxury of the rich, or resorted to by other classes of society under pressure of some special and extreme urgency." It is expected that the result will be similar to that which followed the establishment of the cheap postal system in England. The HobaH Town Advertiser of the 2nd instant states that when Her Majesty's steamship Orpheus left Hobart Town, six tons of the Seymour coals were placed on board for the purpose of testing their adaptability for stcain purposes, tin Satur day a letter was received from Commodore Bur nett, and a report from the Chief Engineer, speak ing very highly of their qualities for such pur poses. Markets.—The Hobart Town markets are thus reported in the Mercury of the 11th inst.Flour continues to be quoted at £12 and £13. "Wheat, best samples, Ss.; others of inferior quality, 4s. 9d. Bran, Is. 4d. Oats continue coming in slowly and fetch 5s. Gil. Cape barley, 4s. 3d. ; English do., (is. A fair supply of hay arrived during the das'—country pressed being worth from £6 to £7, hydraulic pressed from £7 to £S, and loose £5 to £6. Potatoes fetch from £0 to £610s. per ton. The Foreign Old Gentleman.—Your little old men abroad live, when they are to be found extant at all, to a prodigious age. They seeni to be subject to the same mummifying in fluences as the bodies of the old monks in Sicily. They grow very yellow, very withered, their bones seem to crack as they walk, hut they don't die. Take my friend Estremadura, for instance. I have known Seuor llamon «le Estremadura ever since I can remember the knowledge of anything. That Hidalgo knew my papa, and he has been dead fivc-and-tliirty years. Estremadura was so old when I was a child that the nurses used to frighten me with him. I have met him off and on in almost every capital in Europe. Only this summer, drinking tea with certain friends, there came a brisk though tremulous double knock at the door. " Eeoutez," cried the lady of the house, "that surely is Estremadura's knock." Estre madura! Tncre was a cry of derisive amazement. Everybody agreed that lie had been dead ten years. Somebody had seen an account of his funeral in the newspapers. But the door opened, aud Estremadura made his appearance. He was the same as ever. The same yellow face, black bead-like, eyes, innumerable wrinkles, and fixed grin; the same straw hat, grass-green coat, white trousers, and big stick—his unvarying costume even since I have known him. "How you do?" was his salutation to me. " Yer well since 1 saw you lasse?" I had not seen him for fifteen years. "He chatted, and talked, and drank tea. He was asked whence he had come? From Home. Whither he was goin;r? To Stockholm. He was charming: yet we could not help feeling, all of us, that we were sitting in the presence of a facetious phantom —of a jocular ghost. It was rather a relief when he skipped away, aud was seen no more. I wonder whether he will ever turn up again. It is clear that Estremadura is 90, if he be a day old; yet I dare say he will read the account of my death, if - anybody take3 the trouble to advertise that fact in the newspapers, and say, "Alia! and so he die.' .Lli! I knew his good nana ver well. -All the Year Round. 