NOTES OF THE WEEK. FROM THE 4TH TO THE UTU SEPTEMBER. THE attendance on the second day of the Spring Race Meeting at Randwick was tolerably good, the weather fine, and the sport very fair. The Selling Handicap was won by Wonder, the Bruce Stakes by Miss Magus, the Sydney Handicap by Regan, and the Hurry Scurry by Prince. On the third day a large concourse of persons was present, and there was nothing whatever to detract from their enjoyment of the excellent sport provided. The Prince of Wales fell to the Blue tail Fly, the Derby to Mr. Chseko's Ramornie, the Metropolitan Cup the great race of the meeting) to Mr. Towns's Regan. The Innkeepers' Purse was taken by George the First, and the Forced Handicap by Dispatch. The Julia Farmer arrived here on the 4th instant, from Tocopilla, on the coast of South America, with 216 alpacas on board. It is understood that these are the first instalment of 1500 which Farmer and Company, of Lima, have engaged to send to Melbourne. The new National School in Mount-street, Pyrmont, was opened on the 4th September by a public meeting, which was numerously attended. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Dr. Steel. The members of the Australian Jockey Club had their annual race dinner on the evening of the 4th instant, at Tattersall's Hotel, Pitt-street. An ordinary monthly meeting of the Sydney Yacht Club was held last Thursday week, when a number of new members were elected. The fourth concert in connection with the Balmain Musical Union came off in the lull of the School of Arts, Darling-street, on Friday night, the 4th instant. The first part of the programme consisted exclusively of sacred music, and the second pire was devoted to secular pieces. A. recent number of the Mercury states that the works on the Maitland and Morpeth Railway have, during the past few days, been entirely discontinued, and the men who were employed on them are now idle. The stoppage is attributed to the absence of the contractor, Mr. Martindale, who has become in solvent. A. trooper named Quinlivan has recently been drowned whilst attempting to cross the Turon. The Pastoral Times reports that pleuro-pneumonia has been spreading in the Murrumbidgee district. It appears now to have set in so virulently, and extends over such an immense tract of country, as to make any attempts to check it almost useless. At the Bathurst Circuit Court, last Monday, Foley, for robbing the Mudgee mail, was found guilty and sentenced to fifteen years' hard labour, the first three in irons. There are other charges against him. An excellent lithograph o map (drawn by Mr. J. Jones, geographer, of this city) has been published, by a reference to which the physical aspect of the country in New Zealand now desolated by civil strife can be seen at a glance the operations of the contend- ing forces being thereby rendered perfectly intelligible. The map is a carefully executed copy of a larger one lithographed by Mr. J. Party, at Auckland, and published in connection with the Daily Southern Cross. The race horses Regan and Traveller have been purchased by Messrs. Burt and Co. for shipment to China. The first for 700 guineas, and the latter for 500 guineas. A miscellaneous concert was given last Monday evening by the choir of St. Benedict's Church, in aid of the funds of the local Young Men's Society, in the hall, Abercrombie-street. The programme embraced Botte choice operatic vocal music, as well as popular ballads and duets. At a public meeting of the pupils of the late Mr. W. T, Cape convened to consider the propriety of raising a suitable memorial to that gentleman's memory it was resolved to subscribe to a fund of not less than £600 wherewith to found an open Scholarship, to be called the " Cape Scholarship " within the University of Sydney. A very crowded house assembled at the Victoria Theatre last Monday to witness the production of " The Castle Spectre," in which were introduced, at the close of every act, those startling effects recently discovered in England by Messrs. Dircks and Pepper, and now generally known under the de- signation of " The Ghost." This singular optical illusion was presented with unqualified success, and received with enthusiastic marks of approbation. About half-past seven o'clock last Monday night, a little boy named John Carlyle slipped off the kerb- stone in Riley-street, Surry Hills, and, falling in the gutter, broke his arm. He was taken to the Infirmary, where the fractured limb was season the same day, at an earlier hour, there was a sad accident at the Railway Terminus, in which William Heard, the goods-shed porter, got his feet jammed with the waggons. Amputation was rendered necessary. Last Monday evening the first of a series of lectures on the " State, Temper, and Prospects of India, since the Mutiny of 1867,". was delivered at the Freemasons' Hall, York-street, by the Rev. E. E. Jenkins, M.A. His Excellency the Governor presided on the occasion. There was a large audience. The usual monthly meeting of the Acclimatisation Society of New South Wales was held at the office of Mr. L. Samuel on Monday last Mr. Judge Francis in the chair. Specimens of the flowers of this beautiful plant from the mountains of Peru, the Camp a buxilblia, or Box-leaved Cantua, were exhibited to the meeting by Dr. Bennett, who made several interesting observations upon it. The flowers were from the garden of the Rev. G. Turner, of Ryde, near Sydney. In accordance with previous arrangements, the Presbytery of Sydney, in connection with the Church of Scotland, met at three o'clock p.m., on the 2nd instant, in the church at Numba, Shoalhaven, to induct the Rev. William Mitchell. There was a large congregation present, and every seat in the church was filled. Lake Macquarie, near Newcastle, has of late been more than ordinarily attractive, if one is to judge from the many parties continually proceeding thither, for pleasure or for business. The discovery of coal in that quarter, and its subsequent development, have in a great measure no doubt led many parties to give more attention to that somewhat romantic and beautiful spot. The attraction of the Lake appears to have extended to Sydney, for it is stated that active preparations are being made to receive his Excellency the Governor-in-Chief and suite, who are expected to go there about the middle of the present month, During the week, amongst the deaths, &c;, We observe the following : A man named William James Mitchell has died from the effects of intitu perance On Tuesday last, the body of a man named Friend was found hanging by the neck from a fence, about a mile from Picton. The body of another man, named William Pierson, was found dead in Maitland, hanging in a closet near the river Thomas Rice expired suddenly, of disease of the heart, at his resi- dence in Bathurst-street, last Monday afternoon. On the motion for going into Ways and Means on Thursday night Mr. Eagar moved an amendment, censuring the Government. A long debate ensued, which was postponed till Wednesday next. A farmer, named Mr. Peter Malton, was robbed on Tuesday last by two armed men, near Yass. Mr. Birch's entertainment-The Holiday Trips very cordially appreciated by large numbers of persons every night. The panoramic illustrations are much admired, and the descriptions extremely pleasing. At the late annual general meeting of the seat holders of York. street Synagogue, Mr. S. Emanuel, M.L.A., and Mr. S. Hoffnung, were respectively re- elected to the office of president and treasurer for the ensuing Jewish year. A meeting of the Christian Temperance Aid Society was held last Tuesday night in the Ebenezer Chapel, Riley-street. The Rev. S. Humphries occupied the chair. After tea Dr. Neild delivered a temperance lecture. Two sons of Mr. Hockey, who reside a few miles beyond Rockley, have succeeded in destroying 185 native cats and opossums with the aid of their dogs alone within one month. Twenty-one were killed by them in one night. A meeting of gentlemen interested in sheep properties, and chiefly consisting of persons opposed to the bill now before Parliament for the deduction of infected sheep, was held last Tuesday afternoon, at Mort's Rooms. About fifty gentlemen were present. A police camp near the Wombat was surprised by a party of bushrangers last Sunday night, when all the troopers' horses were stolen. On Wednesday last Mr. Robertson moved the second, leading of the Scab in Sheep Prevention Bill. Mr. Wil; on moved, as an amendment, that in the opinion of the House it was desirable that the second, third, sixth, and seventh clauses of the existing Scab Act should be repealed. After a long discussion, the amendment was carried by a majority of 42 to 6. Mr. Morris brought in a bill, carrying out that resolution, on the following day. The Rev. Dr. Steel delivered his quarterly address before the members of the Young Men's Presbyterian Institute last Wednesday night, in the Free Church, Macquarie-street. The attendance was more than usually numerous. A labourer named Henry Smith sustained severe, injuries from a fall at Healey and Harper's dry dock. The unfortunate man was at once earned by his fellow- workmen to the Infirmary his leg being broken. The Jitcenne Herald is advocating the canalisation of the Darling. The Brookong shepherd shot by the bushrangers a few days ago, has been brought to the Wagga Wagga hospital in the care of his wife. A public meeting of persons interested in commercial pursuits was held at the Chamber of Come- and see, on Thursday afternoon, to take into consideration the alteration in the stuff, to , as proposed by the hon the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. T W. Smart. At the hour announced for the meeting there were only a few persons present, but subsequently the attendance cumbered between sixty and seventy, The chair was occupied by Captain Darley. In an abduction case heard at Parramatta last Tuesday, the principal witness, Harriet Company, was found to be unable to give evidence She could not remember when she was last at any place of wor- ship could not repeat the Lord's Prayer and did not know what the Bible was, nor the nature of an oath At the parade of the Volunteer Rifles at Parramatta last Monday afternoon, the gold medal presented by Alderman Trott to be shot for annually by the company was handed by Captain Brown to private Ritchie, the successful competitor for its pas- session 