Laying the Giiost. — foe" world believed in gliosis, and cra -"B; the " bodiless creations " exteii VB;, precincts cf the nursery. Fromfe'Bt public mind has been excited appearance of these mysterious vx-B tlie hours of darkness in a btoWBfr sion, in a yawning cliurcta!, B? "blasted heath." Aud occi'i:ii:Br obtruded their supposed "iucorpuB upon tho inhabitants of pop K and towns. Tho famous CockimiB, a notorious example of such >"B: It lias, however, bcou clearly PK all these creations were neither ' w nor "incorporeal," nnd that the;1- mere than mischievous flesh anil K®- But what shall wo say of the now regularly prescn's himself bets bewildered audiences in Regent flan by day as well ns by night ? o ghost like this ? A'on nre doubtless t< he lias recently been purchased in prop or in duplicate, b, a distinguished manager. He is nn admirable sp unmistakable, most truly uiisubsBj® You may apparently walk tii:o«»- witiiout in tlie least disturbing M AVliat is he ? Lctussco. than tlie reflected image ofn brigiito object, living or dead, from the surus piece of gloss. The lights arclww spectators arc in comparative curtain is drawn, and discloses a dipy1 clininber called a study, and there y»'J . si uder.t a living man, walking ta an' y'v son is actually behind a large slieeto p- no larger indeed than is to be seen in n window. Tho object to be fi'10®". coaled in fiont of the glass, and is - illuminated by the well-known li®1 accordance with the law of optics, tlio object is reflected from tlie 8. spectator, so as to seem to them as® j glass as it is reality in front f 1 y " owing to tlio obscurity of the ® unable to detect the source of arrangement is ingenious, and institution where tlie exhibition have heard philosophers of '"2 attempt to explain the illusion by - tlie concave miiror, and the rc"c'" ... of an iinnge upon floating dust of' 3f ' air. As this ghost is a groat fiiv|ir' (J public, you may probably not objc this history in your columns. l|u > ' add, our ghost, it is reported, is P" " patent. Fancy a patent ghost. — Correspondent of tho Tvnes. 