THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? ♦ ? Wo understand that a petition will, this -i&y;, be presented to his Excellency the Governor, praying for a commutation of tho sentence of death recently passed upon tho man Gnest, for rapo. Tho petition has been signed by abont 8000 persons, including tho prosecutrix, 11 of the jurors 'who tried him, 35 members of Parliament, nnd 44 members of the medical profession. Wo havo our files from Hobart Town to tho 19th, and from Launceston to the 20th instant. A select committee has been appointed to inquire into the charges mado in Parliament against the judges of tho Supremo Court, and tho members of the bar havo presented an address to their Honors, express ing their confidence in them. Referring to tho war in New Zealand, the Hobart Town Advertiser says: — 'The intelligence from Now Zealand has naturally caused much excitement in Hobart Town, as well as in the adjoining colonies, and not a few persons have expressed an opinion that a volunteer contingent could be raised hore without much diffi culty or delay. It will, theroforo, only be necessary to suggest prompt action to elicit the offer of a number of volunteers to assist onr fellow-colonists in New Zealand in this trying emergency ; ami no doubt aome leading martial spirit will be found to take She matter up at once.' ?The friends of unsectarian education may leam what tho tactics of the Catholic clergy are with rogsrd to tho Commou Schools Act, from the minuto; recently issued ' under tho direction of tho Bishop ;| and fio Catholic Education Committee' We beg to oall particular atteation to 'clause 7 in the-rninute ire ferrod to, which is as follows : — ' In order that those schools which havo been deprived of Government aid sinco tho 1st of July., in consequence of -not having had the required tvvcrago attendanco, 'may not bo closed, tho conimittoo adviso tho olorgy to adopt tho foSowing plans : — 1. To obtain, 'when possible, married couples, of which ono is oblo to teach, while tho othor pursues his or hor usual avocation. '2. To usc'tll their inflnoncc :to 'induce Catholic p«rorits;to senH. their children to 'Catholic schools, and to: pay their school fees wedkly, since tho teacher has now to depend almost solely upon them for subsistence. 3. To make a cclleotion once in each gtiortor, tho proceeds to bo 'given to tho teacher dt the end o'f'tho quarter as a subsidy, if the school has been conUuctod to tho satifuclicn of tho local pastor. 4. To induce the charitably disposed, especially the wealihy and those -who'liave no fami lies, ito give their subscriptions in -aid of local Catholic education. 5. To lay before the Catholics of the school district accurate 'returns, -every half year,- of all receipts and disbursements 'for tho above purpose. 6. :To'J:eep rolls of attendanco as nearly as possible in the-usual form, and'tomako a return of the total number and average attendance, as well as of tho amount receivod from feesmnd subscrip tions, to this office at tho end of eaob. garter. 7. Wherever there is a chance of establishing a new, school, to do -eo without delay ?en tho above ptens — and in ? all cases to locate i it in such a situation as to! leave the Catholiesi tho least pro-; touce for Bonding their children : to riho common school. ' ? The Omoo, with 200 passengers and 10,855! ounces of gold, arrived frcm Dunodin, N.Z., oii! Saturday last. ^By her we havo files-from Otago toi ?the 11th inst. -Tho intelligence is not of a very in-', terosting character. No new gold4ields have been ?opened, and -some of the old ones- still remain iun workablo. Resignations amongst tte officers ofiihe volunteer 'force appear, to bo just now the prevailing fashion. About a week since Captain W. C. Smith resigned his i position in the: BallaaratiEiflos, and we learn from i.tlio Ballaarat .'Star that*' a few days ago Captain :Bowling, of : tho Creswdck Voluntocr Contingent, I'forwardod his-resignation; as the captain- of tho corps i to Major Wallaco, in .consequence ofrjv-' tiff' with iscmo of tho members wlio displayed a penchant for: newspaper correspondence. Major Wallace,' says; .err contemporary, has ' wo understand, forwarded! the resignation to hoad-qnarters.' ? The City Council .meets this afternoon at the: Kscal hour. Among tho ^business on sthe notice, paper is a recommendation by the Public WorM Committee, that tho Government should bo urged toj have a lino of rails laid from tho Victorian Railway' Station, across Spencer -Btroet to tlio market there,: witii.a viow to facilitating t.tho delivery of produce; arriving from tho interior. It is also proposed to consulerupon an addressrfor presentation to hie .Excel lency :tho Governor prior to . his departure from the; colony. Cr.Wraggo proposes ithat a small quantity of flagging should he procured from Castlemaino ' for tho:p.urposo of being laid on some of the foot paths. of, -tho city where much itraffic occurs, with a view of -totting its durability and fitness for streot pavements. There are two motions in tho name of Cr. Goldsmith, the first, .that a balance sheet should be.made out, showing .the anconvenience and ; expenditure an connection with the City Baths ; and tho second, ithat an additional rate collector should be employed for Smith :Ward, as, up to the 15th instant, only;S87 persons had paid their rates out of 2541, in consequence of which a Jorge number of them had bean disfranchised, not. cmly for tho city but also for the House of Assembly. A meeting was held at Mount Blowhard on Thursday last, for the purposo of taking into con sideration the position of the holders of certificates for the selection of land. Mr M'PhUiimy, J.P., occupied the ohair, .and pointed out the desirability of a further extension of timo for selection being allowed to those who had at great expense .obtained certificates. Mr M'Intosh, J.P., coincided, but further advocated the .cause of those who, from an idea that the Land Aet .would turn out a shanj, had failed to obtain certificates to which they wore duly entitled. Mr Nicholson moved — 'That the Govern ment bo petitioned to allow an extension of time for selection to thoso who hold and to those who woro entitled to demand certificates, and to all thoso who contemplato availing themselves of the 23rd (or Cummins') clause of the Land Act of 18G2.' Mr M'Intosh seconded tho motion, which was carried. On the motion of Mr Isaac Barratt, soconded by Mr M'Intosh, it was resolved that a committee, con sisting of Messrs M'Phillimy, Baird, M'Kay, M'Intosh and the mover, should bo appointed to carry out the previous resolution. Tho meeting thon terminated. Tho blackest minds are said to exhibit good quali ties on occasions. As an instance of this, the Talbot Leader relates the following: — 'It appears that shortly after Wallace, who was committed for trial at tho Talbot Police Court yesterday, escaped from the Back Creek lock-up, bo made bis way to Rockhampton, and that, whilst attempting to cross a river there, he saw a boy struggling in the water. Tho current being rapid, tbo boy was unable to help himself, whereupon Wallaco jumped into tho water, and, at the risk of his own life, preserved that of the drowning boy. STesterday, or tho day bofore, we [are not sure which, Wallace received a letter from this boy's father, in which a £5 note was enclosed. Wallace was requested to use this in his present emergency, and to apply to the writer for more money should ho require it. Wallace's corre spondent expressed a very hearty wish that the man who had saved tho life of his child might escape the grasp that justico had got upon him.' It is said that the Lyster Opera Troupe have been unsuccessful in their visit to Sydney. After pre parations for the production of ' Les Huguenots' on a similar scale to that which achieved so genuine a success in Melbourne, incessant bad weather, or other causes, prevented the speculation proving ad vantageous to the director. We have heard, with an amount of regret that wo are sure all lovers of music will share, that Madame Escott and Mr Squires purpose an immediate departure for Cali fornia, and that Mr Reiff meditates a visit to Europe. If Mr Lyster'g Opera Troupe breaks np, -we fear it will be long before we shall have so generally excel lent a company of exponents of tho lyric drama per forming together in Melbourne. George Lumley, alias Jack Siramonds, who was arrested on board the ship Melbonrue at Port Phillip Heads, bound for Manilla, was brought before the Resident Magistrate, at Dunedin, N.Z., on tho 4th instant, charged on the information of the prosecutor, Mr E. de Carle, with obtaining goods under false pretences. Tho Otago Times says — ' Tho accused formerly kept tho Oriental, at Christchurch ; and on the 4th Juuo bo purchased from tho prosecutor four boxes of tobacco, Oil tho faith of being solvent and able to pay for them. Subsequently the accused absconded from Lis creditors, and was traced to Victoria and arrested under circumstances already made public. The criminal chargo was not made out, nnd the prisoner was dischftfged, bis Worship at the same time declining to make any ordor for the detention of the largo sura of monoy found in tho possession of the prisoner's wife on his arrest. As the affairs of Lum ley have already been thrown into tho Supreme Court lander the Debtors and Creditors Act, tho case will no doubt bo ffclly dealt with. Under any circumstances, it must fee a matter of satisfitction to LuTaley's numerous creditors that his escape was so cleverly prevented by the Victorian police.11 Tlio manufacture of brushes has been ndded to 'onr other ' new colonial industries.' We havo seen some specimens produced by Messrs Lcsenboom and Co., of Pitzroj. They aro of a ^rery superior quality, and, w«:aro informed, can behold at a prico fully 25 per cent, less than that now charged for the imported article The fonr-offr^d scratch matches'o'f&e; Elswick Club, on Saturdayfcst, camo off very successfully noth with- ' standing the threatening weather. In order that tho ; races might take place in boats ne nearly equal as . possiblo, ti«o Melbourne and Lettnfler Clubs lent two ' of their gifs, which enabled fouruvews to start. Tho : boats tool-: their position in^almtj, and atdistaneos of; a hundred and fifty feet apart, in tbo following: order :— ^Young Australian, Ilslbourno, Leandcr, and ? Atalante. Mr Edwards officiated as starter, :and, at: the word ' off,' tbo scvoral 'crews struck vigorously; out ; 'bat, in spite of all exertions, the first iieat was; concluSed without any ^bumping taking pkco. On: returning to tho stavting-plsce, the crews 'changed i boats, but started in the-samo order as at first. ; Owior; to one or two slight niishaps, the young Aus tralian had to give in, 'aridvas bumped by tho Mel bourne. These two drew out of the course, and the other two pulled on to-fchagoal without tho distanoe between them being 'lessened. Tho crews having again changed boats, '^tlio Melbourne, Leauder and Atalanta storied foi- tho third heat, and, before rar.ching tho bend of the iiver, tho Atalanta bumped the Leandcr. The last'hofit was between. the Atalanta nsid the Melbourne, -ocd resulted in the former ?vrinning the day. Eer-xrew on this occasion were Messrs J. H. Banks, H. Proomos, F. Walsh, E. .11. Saines, and Brown, coxswain. Both boats started well, but the Atalanta, having the south side of the river, soon shot ahead of her competitor, and was.threo lengths in advance on reachingthe bend. The Melbourne then gavo in, and both boats returned to the sheds; .the winning crew, who were the favorites from the first, being loudly cheered. In consoqueceo of its coming on to rain heavilyftlouf this time, the pair oared races were postponed:- to Saturday, the 5th proximo. As there are already. twelve entries, a very exciting race may bo anticipated. Tho work of driving tho now piles at Sandridgo Pier, to which we have already referred, is being carried on with vi#cr. It will : be a considerablo time, however, before the operations are completed. Tho arrivals at the; pier during, the week were.net numerous, until towards tho close, but thero aro still. a number of fine '.vessels lying alongside. The Donald M'Kay is being thoroughly overhauled and caulked, and, it is anticipated, will remain in port for about two months before again returning to England. The Queen of the South, whoaepppular commander,' Captain Purves, reocived a -flattering testimonial; and a purso of sovereigns from his passengers on; completing his late prosperous and rapid voyage, is; also being brushed up, and will, wo understand,, be1 ;laid on for Otago. ITho Norfolk, a favorite London sJiip, is taking in passengers for England, and the! berths aro being rapidly engaged. During tho week the '.True Briton sailed for London with about eighty passengers. On' Saturday evening no fewer than. 812 passengers: arrived in tho Bay, namoly.: 452 ;by the Southern Ocean (Black Ball shyj) , from Liverpool ; 130 by : tho Whirlwind, of the same lino, 'Irom London ; ; 28 :by tho Queen of Australia, iof the Mersey lino, from Liverpool ; and 202 by the Oineo, from Dunedin. The Southern Ocean, which sailed from Liverpool on the 19th May, has on board fifty families, or about 150 persons, from among the dis tressed operatives in Lancashire, who have betsu assisted in paying their passages by t)ie Victorian Emigration Society in London. The Whirlwind sailed from London on the .2nd Juno, .and has, therefore, jaado ono of the csost rapid .vojrages of the season. We have received the copy of a pamphlet -written by Professor Half ord, and entitled ' Not like Man Bimanous and Biped, nor yet Quodrumanous but Chftiropodous.' It contains, definitely stated, the viewo of Professor Halford with regard to the rela tion existing between man and the lower animals. The pzinphlet is illustrated with colored cuts, and will prove both useful and interesting to the student. Several accidents of moro or loss importanco havo occurredinthe country districts during the late floods. Tho M. and D. Advertiser saj's: — ' Tho flood at the White Hills, near Maryborough, caused terrible havoc ambner the tents and dwellinss thereabout. Mr Nicholas Smith had bis f urnituro swept off, and a box containing a large sum of money and some title deeds. Several families had to wade through the water for their lives. One of the accidents oc casioned by the floods of Tuesday night, was the upsetting of the night mail from Castlomaine. be tween Maldon and Baringhup. After leaving Dun oily road, at a gully about two hundred yards on a bush track, tho earth suddenly gave way on ono side of the coach, which turned over, and the mail guard, Mr Sweeney, and the driver, Mr Caltell, were pitched off. The latter hud to take one of tho horses and ride to Baringhup for a conveyance to get through with, but tho river Loddon having risen so much, he was obliged to get a dray, not being able to get to bis coach loft at tho stables. With this dray, he and the guard reached the Loddon, but in trying to get to the bridge, it got into a hole, and a second dray had to bo procured to get them out of the diffi culty. Here they had to wait until the river was down sufficiently. But after all this chapter of acci dents, the mails and horses reached Maryborough at half-past ono on Wednesday safely. Thero were two passengers in the coach, but no damage was sus tained beyond hindrance and fright.' There is but but little of any consequence to note in the appearance of the Botanical Gardens for the past week. Many of tho plants, which during tho fine weather had budded forth, aro now in full bloom. The acacias, especially, are nearly all in flower, and exhale a delightful fragrance. The effect of the recent frost is visible on many of the young and tender shrubs, and even some of tho large ones appear to have suffered through its severity. There are now only a few plants in flower, but in tho course of several weeks the most of them will be in bloom, and tho gardens will assumo a different ap pearance. The pines which were planted along the road leading from Prince's bridgo to tho gardens seem to be thriving well, and, if they aro irrigated during tho summer months, there is no doubt but they will succeed. In tho cose of Thomas Goodsir and James Ross Finlayson, who were convicted on Thursday last of conspiring to dflfrnud the Colonial Bank, at Sand hurst, motion will be made for new trial. Finlay son was admitted to bail on Saturday. Permission to bail Goodsir was asked, but refused, he having been convicted a short time ago upon another charge of a like nature, for which he was tinder sentence, pending tho argument of a law point raised on his trial. AhYan, the Chinaman who was convicted, on Friday, of killing and slaying a fellow-countryman, named Yong Sing, was, on Saturday, sentenced to seven years' hard labor on the roads. Tho prisoner was evidently under the impression that he had been convicted of ths capital offence, for, upon tho sen tence being communicated to him, ho desired the in terpreter to tell his Honor that he was very much obliged to him for not having ordered him to be ' hung up.' The number of visitors to the Museums of Natu ral History, Geology, and Economic Geology ap plied to Mining Agriculture and tho Arts, during the week ending 22nd August, 3S8. The Museums aro open to the public daily (Sundays execptod) from 10 a.m. till 5 j-.m., in tho north sido of the Uni versity. A Chinamen, named Tan Hoo, w&s; sentsneed, at the City Couri, on Saturday, to three months' impri sonment, wif3i hard labor, for offering threo ounces of spurious gold for sale, on the previous aftomoon, at the Monto do Pifitfi loon office, Elizabeth, street. He represented the gold as being of good quality, and said 'fchat he himself had ?obtained it at Fryer's Crock. As it weighed light in com; arisen with the quantity, tho broker auspectcd it was not genuine, and Ms suspicions were confirmed on'tosting it, as it was found to bo a composition of one-fliird of silver and two-thirds of copper tmd gold, which was only worth about 35s per otmoo. When' John saw that his^gold was about to bo tested, ho wished to clear out, l)ut he was forced to remain. He was an old hand at the business, nnd had been previously con victed for the saino offence on tho diggings. JJr Sturt, P.M., acknowledges tfho receipt of £2. 2a from George Karker, Esq., end £1 from Mr; Eattison, towards 'tho City Court spoor box. j A charge of assault and highway robbery against two men, named Miller and Curr, was investigated at the City Court, on Saturday ,'0'ie prosecutor being a laboring man named Mooro. It appeared that Moore met tire men in Bourljo street on Frioay evening, and, after driving together to a house in Latrobe street, they started for Prahran, all -vcry much tho worse of liquor, ito see a female with whom the prosecutor had -been acquainted, and whom Miller said lived : there. When on the St. Kilda road tl:o cabman demanded his faro, and, as it appeared it was not paid, he left them on theiroad, and returnefi to town. Moore, thon snspecting the prisoners, took to his. heels as well as his drunken state woulti permit, -whon they followed him, and Cant' knocked him down, and snatched a gold chain from him, and thon made off. -Miller camo up shortly afterwords and claimed his watch for the faro ;he said ho had paid the cabman, and prosecutor:lKtnded it to liim at once. When Miller was arrested, ho bad ' the -watch in his possession. Ho did not'endeavor tocoiiceal it, and maintained that Moore had given :it to him for tho fare. As that was mot denied, and there was no other evi donce against him, he was discharged ; but Carr was remanded till Tuesday, as the chain. had not been found. Mr Long Wrey, of Nelson, New Zealand, has made an offer to the Government of that province to raise £250,000 in one year for railway purposes, in consideration of a bonus of £2000. If he do not raise the sum in tho specified period, ho offers to forfeit all'-olaim to the bonus. The shop of Thomas Calvert, poulterer, Eastorn Market, was burglariously entered between jnid night on Saturday and six o'clock yestorday moraing, and the folio wing articles stdlen: — A Milner's iron safe, weighing about 4 owt.,.and which contained about threo £5 notes, ten sovereigns, an old half crown piece (date 1790), a geneva silver watch.i.two UU{£{^Uba Ul .gU*U, U.11U Ur O1UUU 11UU UUSU-UU.Y, VUU~ taining deeds, bills, &c.; The constable on duty found the shop door open about. 6 o'clock yesterday morning, but he suspected nothing wrong ; and it was only whon tho foreman arrived that it was dis covered a robbery had occurred. Tho shop was closed at twelve d'.olock on Saturday night, at which time all was right. It is supposed that the burglars effected an entrance by breaking a, pane of glass in the skylight, and then opening the fioorfrom within.' As,. with the exception of the noteE^and sovereigns, the articles aro identifiable, tho speedy capture of tiie offenders is probtblo. The .Melbourno -Criminal Sessions terminated on Saturday. Tho.l&at; case tried tcs a charge of porjury against an Italian named LuigijNanuzzi, and tlio investigation lasted the greater portion of two days. The prisoner tad sworn an information, falsely and. corruptly, as^t was alleged, qgainst one Mrs Grossi, .charging hor svith having stolen some pictures., and other articles., his property. The caso turned upon &o; credibility of tho witnesses. An immease number of -witnesses were examined for tho dofenee, with a view of shaking tlio reliability of the ovidonce adduced for tho Crown, but the testimony in tho majority of cases was of the most unsatisfac tory nature. The jury found the prisoner Not Guilty, and the foreman added that .tUeir ground for so doing was, that they could not believe the witnesses who had been called eithor for or against tho pri soner. Joseph Pnrdon, who had been rem&uded; from the 17th inst., on a charge of attempting to commit suicide, by cutting his throat with a knife, was again brought up at the Richmond Police Court, on Saturday, aud discharged, tho medical opinion being that ho co,uld with safety bo set at liberty. It seems the poor fellow had been crossed in lovo, which made him -'cranky,' and in this state he attempted suicide, but ho is now inclined to look upon hie disappointment with philosphio resignation. The detective police have in their possession a ladies' cloth cloak, faced with lilac, supposed to have been stolen. The cloak was found upon one Anne Wing, recently taken into custody, and it will bo delivered to the owner upon identification. The following was tho state of her Majesty's Central Gaol, on Saturday, tho 22nd instant : — Number of prisoners awaiting trial, before Supremo Court, 23 ; before magistrates, 10 ; under sentence, road-gang, 16 ; hard labor, 85 malos and 1 female ; lunatics, 3 ; confined in default of bail, 13 ; debtors, 4\. Total, 198 males, 3 females. Received during the week, 47 ; discharged 62. Tho Ghost, or rather tho Ghosts, made one of their most successful appearances at the Princess's Theatre, on Saturday evening. The audience ex pressed a unanimous appreciation of tho efforts which have been made by the manager of this theatro to cany out tho illusion as effectively as possible, and the Ghosts had the honor of a call. The curtain was raised upon the last scene, in which thoy appear in tho ' Captain of the Vulture,' and the appearance of the phantoms at the footlights was dispensed with. The danco introduced between tho . two pieces by Willie and Julia Edouin, had to be repeated. Tho performances concluded with the amusing burlesque of ' Medea,' in which Miss Julia Mathews re-appeared as Jason. This talented actress receivod a perfect ovation, and was also called npen to repeat some of the songs incidental to tho piece. Miss Roso Edouin played Orpheus very spiritedly. Mr Fawcett's Medea is 'an irre sistibly amusing travestie of the matrimonial wrongs of the sorcerer, received at the hands of tho faithless Jason, and his make-up was very good indeed. Ho was ev en more successful in burles quing this character, than in the Widow Twankay. The usual accessories of extravaganza contributed to tho successful representation of tho piece. ' Medea' will be repeated to- night, and the sensa tion spectacle of ' Astralogus' is announced as an j jdditional attraction. 1 Birch's ' Holiday Trip' was performed for tho last time, at the Polytechnic Institute, on Saturday evening, after a long and uninterrupted run of snecess, such as has but rarely been accDrded to auy public amusement. The room was crowded to excess, and a great many ladies were present. Mr Birch again performed The Bashful Young Oentlc man, in first-class style, and during the representa tion be was loudly encored. Tho racy and iuterest iug discourse which followed each successive scene created as much merriment as ever amongst tho audience, who also seemed equally to appreciate the other portions of the entertainment, especially the representations of tbo ' Man with the Nose that never got Warm,' and Susan Sylces, or the maid of all work. At the conclusion of the trip, Mr Birch thanked the audience, and through them, tho public generally for tho extensive support which had been afforded him. The Institute will be opened this evening by Mr Love, a ventriloquist and polyphonist, who will give his representations of the manners, customs and eccentricities o! the age wo live in, aud of Love in all its shapes. 