Tile witness Jfflortrtng Herald. FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1863. Is there any reason why the people of this colony should take no part in the festivities to celebrate one of the happiest events recorded in our national history-the union of the daughter of Denmark with the heir of England ? Spirit of SHAKSPERE forbid ! Would the ghost of the King be less indignant at the absence of bridal festivities than he once was at their guilty ostentation ? Let the GOVERNOR. look out ! He will see the spectral monarch marching upon the ramparts opposite his window at the mid- night, hour and hear portentous knocks. But Sir JOHN YOUNG would not be inexorable to a demand from such a quarter we may suppose he would exclaim with. BENARES " But, soft ! Behold ! lo, where it comes again ! I'll cross it, though it blast mainstay, illusion ! If thou hast any sound or use of voice, Speak to me, It there be any good thing to be done, That may to thee do ease, and grace to me, Speak to me." Anyone may anticipate what would be the reply of the Ghost, " Appoint a day of festivity in honour of the Daughter of Denmark!" | The union of the Houses of England and Denmark is an event which will tend much to efface the memories of that attack upon Copenhagen which has formed the standing accusation against our country for the last half century, however it may be vindicated by the records of diplomacy. The Danish house has a natural sympathy with England. With Russia on the one side and Germany on the other, and with France in the distance, it is natural that she should look to England as a support in the perils of the monarchy. The destruction of the Danish fleet was an event as untoward as a similar incident at Navarino. Both were imposed by an unfortunate conjunction of affairs. The marriage must tend to heal the ancient wound to the pride of Copenhagen. The PiNCERS has conquered England by that potent force which has so often subdued monarchies and changed the fate of empires. The alliances with Prussia have heretofore been singularly unfortunate, and rumour has often suggested that the PRINCESS ROYAL has suffered in her affections by her marriage with the representative of the Prussian House. Probably these are only the scandal of the hour which always hovers about the dwellings of Princes. But the promise of happiness in the fire sent well-omened marriage is certainly very assuring, and although history shows that family relations do not prevent the natural course of national policy, or break the force of hereditary ambition, at all events it must contribute to a better understanding wherever there is no such obstacle, or where it does not exist in vigour. These are general reasons for rejoicing at the marriage. Perhaps they will not be accepted as motives for any' public celebration in this colony ; but there is one which ought to have its proper influence that it would be ungraceful for the Government of the oldest colony to be inferior in demonstration of sympathy to those of later date. We are not going to disguise the fact that the love of holiday is one of the main reasons for catching at such opportunities, and that among the thousands who give their presence and voice to the celebration, a large proportion have wrought themselves up into a state of enthusiasm rather by contact with others than by their own reflections. It is this which gives importance to national celebrations. On these occasions an impression is made on many who would otherwise live in ignorance of the great facts of their own time, and of the personages whose character is identified with the dignity and prosperity of the nation. We will hope above all things for a fine day. We imagine that among the minor causes which have made the QUEEN SO popular has been her good fortune in reference to the weather on her fete days, or whenever she has shewn herself more publicly to her people. " Queen's weather " has passed into a proverb as indicative of the sort of times she has commonly been supposed to bring. The idea of the be- nign influence of this royal woman" being accompanied by favouring skies was a pleasant association ; connecting the name of VICTORIA with happy days whenever she was visible. HORACE seems to have had some notion of the sort when in his ode to AUGUSTUS he says Lucem reside the?, Dux bone, patria? ; Instar very firm values ubi runs Aflulfiit, popular gratior it dies, It sales medium intent. The truth is, that in this monotonous life great public events form precious topics of recollec- tion to society. Where is the man who is advancing upon his grand climacteric who would part with the memories of his early life when he stood a gazed on the happy throngs which witnessed similar celebrations. He knows that among all that multitude he now remains one of a few survivors scattered over the face of the earth, whose recollections often meet in those distant spots and times, and who make them part of the entertainment at home. who has not seen with what interest the younger members, of families listen to the accounts of their parents, who with natural preference for the past, linger about events of which they were the joyous spectators or participants. It is not very gracious for any whose enthusiasm has evaporated, and on whom the hand of time has set its mark who have lost their elasticity to think lightly of the pleasures which once they sought eagerly, or to refuse to a later generation an opportunity to awaken sentiments which remain with thousands as the sole result of life-long experience. We believe this will be the feeling of many of our readers who otherwise would be disin clin cd to a holiday. They will recall the days of their youth when they stood beside the QUEEN in the splendour of her court, or with the throng who cheered her first appearances amidst her people. They will recall their interest in her union with the Prince-then a foreigner in every sense, and whose character undeveloped could only be inferred from rumour. They will remember with satisfaction when the Hanoverian crown was finally separated from the Crown of England and an ill assorted union destroyed, and when the birth of the heir apparent gave assurance that the future monarch would be trained in exclusively English traditions. They will recall the interest with which for more than twenty years they have followed the household of the QUEEN and heard of the pains taken to train up the Royal Family to occupy the highest position with the purest moral influence. It will be happy for those young persons who have witnessed the marriage of the PRINCE OF WALES, and who will probably live under his government, if when another score years are passed, he shall stand in as fair a relation to his country as he does at the present hour. Not that we are to infer that even then the Crown will have settled on his head. The QUEEN may, for the next forty years, without passing the age of her ancestors, hold the sceptre which she has wielded so long, and a generation hence may see her leaning for support on the arm of her eldest son. Such, however, are not the probabilities of human life, and the nation has the happiness of know ing that, not only is the succession to the Crown undisputed, but the best guarantee of the domestic character of the PRINCE assured by early and innocent love. Let the colony turn out for once to celebrate the marriage of the PRINCE or WALES, for this we owe to the young people, as well as to our position as a colony and our affection to the QUEEN. Since the above was in type we have understood that the Government are quite prepared to carry out the wishes of the citizens if they are formally expressed. The Corporation is moving in the business, and it is supposed that a Gazette notice will issue, appointing Thursday next as a public holiday. In reference to the observance of the day the citizens must, like the people of the mother country, act chiefly for themselves. The illuminations and other out-of-door festivities will doubtless express the loyalty of the people. A fine opportunity will be afforded for gatherings of the Volunteers, and for any form of out-of-door display and amusement. In most towns of England proces- sions have been made in which the young men and old have all taken their share. "We have received a rosette from a young person in England of white satin, in the centre containing portraits of the PRINCE and PRINCESS, evidently prepared to be worn on the breast in some such popular celebration. We understand that this decoration was almost universal, and will remain in thousands of households and families as a memorial of the auspicious day. What might not the public bodies of the city do towards furnishing some such spectacle, and thus fix an indelible impression on the younger members of society of an event which will here- after form a subject of conversation? We anticipate, if the weather should favour, a brilliant demonstration. THE interpolation in the House of Lords, touching the further subdivision of Australia into new colonies, was not very favourable to the views of the Riverine separationists, though it is possible for them to put a hopeful construction on it. When Sir BULWER LYTTON was Colonial Minister, he was accused of an undue propensity to multiply colonies, out of a personal ambition to have a hand in founding colonies which, when hereafter grown to be of importance, might record gratefully the early services rendered by his statesmanship. It was during his tenure of office that the two colonies of Queensland and British Columbia were established, and he has certainly no reason to be ashamed of either of them. The Duke of NEW CASTLE, howeVer, has no such ambition. He is by no means anxious to precipitate the formation of BEAN colonies. He has quite correspondence enough on hand at present, and the extra patronage is scarcely worth, the extra trouble. Moreover, the exercise of patronage now is almost as much of a burden as a priAÏ lege. The days are past when all the minor offices in the colonies could be filled by de- pendents sent out from England. There are only the Governorships to fill, and with respect to these the colonies have become so critical and exacting, and are at the same time becoming so economical, that it is beginning to be difficult to get fit men willing to accept the posts. The patronage, therefore is no inducement now to the Colonial Office to multiply colonies. The Duke of NEWCASTLE prefers the plan of a temporary protectorate until the projected colony is sufficiently settled to enable it sufficiently to set up a new establishment. This is virtually what was done in the case of Victoria and Queensland, with this exception that separation was not officially recognised as an eventuality. This mode of gradually founding new colonies has answered better than the plan adopted in South and West Australia of starling a colony de novo with all its expensive apparatus of goVernment, before the land had been occupied, or any commercial results had accrued. Both these experiments broke down, through their costliness, and though one through the innate resources of the country speedily recovered, the other became such a failure as to be driven to the de- grading alternative of asking for convicts as the only resource against utter collapse.. Sir GEORGE BOWEN, however, in his recent correspondence on the subject, urges that though the protectorate principle may be considered expedient for a time, guarantees should be given to enable the future settlers along the north coast " as soon as they shall be in a condition to support a local Government, to relieve themselves from what ancient and modern history alike shows to be the most unsatisfactory of all positions, that, namely, of a dependency upon a dependency." If any such guarantee is given, it is pretty certain that separation will follow, very rapidly upon settlement. For the desire of independence is so strong that any real or even imagined slights from the Executive at headquarters, would prompt the determination to submit even to extra taxation for the sake of independence. Sir GEORGE BOWEN says, that the colonists of Queensland tax themselves at the rate of seven pounds a head to provide government for their wide-spreading territory, or three times the rate at which the people of Great Britain are taxed. If he arrive at this average by comparing the revenue and the population, the statement requires qualification. Because so considerable a portion of the revenue of Queensland is derived from the proceeds of land sales and pastoral rents and assessments, that it is misleading to represent this part of the public receipts as the fruit of the people's taxing themselves. It is quite true, however, that people will tax themselves readily for the sake of securing independence, and the threat of extra taxation will be no check on separation. The Duke of NEWCASTLE says that the petitions for separation that have reached him have been so numerous that, had they been all conceded, he verily believes that, so far as New South Wales is concerned, the town and neighbourhood of Sydney would be the only surviving portion of the colony. This is an exaggeration so far as the actual facts are concerned, but it is scarcely an exaggeration so far as the tendencies of affairs are concerned, and if the Duke were to say that he would grant separation wherever it was asked for, his idea would be very nearly realised. The fact is that a third of the population of the whole colony lies in the metropolitan county, and therefore under the operation of universal suffrage, a third of the political power vests also in the metropolis and its environs. The country is therefore largely governed by the city, and against this the residents in the rural parts frequently recalcitrant. The only permanent corrective of this discontent will be the wide adoption of the municipal system-not merely the multiplica- tion of little incorporated townships, but the establishment of large district or provincial municipalities, to which a fair proportion of the revenue drawn from the district should be returned for local expenditure. A very large portion of the revenue of these colonies is spent not in the work of general government, but in local improvements, and it is the jealousy about the distribution of these funds that gives rise to the greater part of the dissatisfaction. It is proper to notice, however, that there is another cause of disagreement in the legislation on the land system. No two colonies have the same land laws, nor would any one of them submit to have the systems of the other forced on them, in New Zealand, when the separate provinces were allowed to pass their own land laws, the immediate consequence was that each province adopted a different system. But all the colonies might have got on very well under the late land system, had it been honestly and efficiently administered and if, by keeping plenty of the best land constantly in the market, the wants of small capitalists had been sufficiently met other local complaints might have been remedied by municipal action. It would have been better in many respects had Australia remained under one Government. Contemporary history seems to show that consolidated empires are more prosperous than federated empires. However, separation has now gone so far that the only alternative is to go on with it, and complete the subdivision of Australia into separate colonies, leaving the work of reunion to be adjusted hereafter in the best way possible. Any one can draw fanciful lines on a map, and by rule and compass mark off the whole territory into a number of equal subdivisions. But no one can I shaw at present what will absolutely be the best lines of subdivision. Part of our continent has not been explored, and some parts that have been explored remain to be settled. It is not till we can judge somewhat of the settlement of population, of the course of trade, and of the distribution of territorial resources, that we can finally determine the best boundaries. There will, doubtless, be a revision of these lines at I some future day ; meanwhile the present bstuidaries will do very well so far as they are established, though here and there they may be a little awkward and inconvenient. I 