p a t gutfUigcnw. WOODEXD.—The business at the Police Court on Thursday, does not call for a report. GISBO2.NI: TOLLS.—The toll-gate is removed to the new site. Tolls to New Gisborne will, therefore, be half of what they have hitherto been. TAKADALE.—The Municipal Election; which took place on Wednesday resulted in the triumph of 3lr S. B. Lee ; he polled 107.; Mr T. Orwin polled 101. Two dailv newspapers are being projected, one at Albury, and the \Daily Times, a pennv journal, in Melbourne. THE Church of England School, Malmsbury, under the able superintendence of Mr F. E. Adamson, will re-open on Monday, 12th instant. ARSON—Some miserable incendiary lias destroyed Iiay and wheat Sc., on the farm of Mr R. M. Campbell, of Ann's Vale, (N. S, \V.) to the value of £1,01)0. An agitation is on foot for the the Murrumbidgoe district from Ifew South Wales and its establishment as an independent colony. The population of the district is over20, 000. TnE Kyneton National Scliool, re-opens on Monday the 12th inst. We hope the muster of pupils will be large, and that a period of ^increased prosperity will be now commeiiccd for the school. A Conference of Road Boards will meet at ilie Mechauics' Institute, Kyneton, on Thursday the 15th inst, to discuss the merits and demerits of the District Council Bill. . THE Cn.'.ITGE AGAINST MRS FITZGERALD.—The magistejal inquiry into the case was re-opened at the Criterion Hotel yestehday (Friday), nothing important transpired, and the inquiry was again adjourned till Monday. THE School conducted hy Mr Begg in Yaldwiu street is now| under the auspices of the new Boar J of Education. It is in future to be known as the Kyneton Grammar School. We learn that a really superior lady is to be placed in charge of the girls' department. THE PRICE OF BREAD.—Good bread is being sold all over Melbourne at 6Jd to 7d. the 4lb loaf, The unalterable price in Kyneton is nd. llow is this ? The staff of life should not be sold at so high a price in the midst of tills fine grain producing district, with plenty of flour mills near us. STOLEN- NOTE.—A digger name.l Chas. Brown has lost a live-pound note, endorsed " C. Brow n." It is a blue note ; and should it come into any of our readers possession, they are requested to give information to the police. It was lost at Knights Spring-well Hotel, on the Jim Crow-road, Wednesday last. PRAYER.—A week of special prayer was commenced on Sunday the 4th inst., by the Evangelical Alliance of Victoria. Special services toolf place on the 4tli in all the churches in the colony connected with the Alliance, and special prayer meetings have been held in all the places of worship in Kyneton during this week. GLENLYON RACEB.—Thefirst races at Glenlyon took place on New Tear's day, when prizes were run for amounting to about £26. The course is a good one, and the attendance being numerous the sports passed off successfully! The Hack Race for £5 was won by a horse belonging to Mr Boulton, and the second for the same amount by Mr Orde's horse. These were followed by a Farmer's Heavy Horse Race for £5, twice round the course, the condition being that the horses should afterwards pull a ton for a mile on the course in fifteen minutes. Mr Orde's horse won the first prize, and " Creeper" the second. A Hack Race for £4 was won by Mr Little's " Mickie Free," and •another by " Unknown." The day's sports wound up with a foot race and other exercises, all parties being well pleased with thefirst Races at Glenlyon. IMMIGRATION.—We recently announced tliat certain alterations were about to be made in tlie Immigr. ti m Regulations; but we hear that arrangements have been made for continuing to receive deposits until fnrther notice. Applications for passages under the regulations will be therefore received heretofore, at the offices of the Assistant Immigration Agents, Receivers and Paymasters throughout the colony, and Postmasters at Kilmore and Kyneton. NOVEL USE OF A CULVERT—A man and woman who violently assaulted Mr B. Wheeler, of the Shamrock Hotel, on Wednesday evening, were pursued and liid themselves in a culvert on the Mount Alexander Road near Kyneton. The male ofiender was the first to issue from his novel place of refuge, but the female remained in her fortress for a considerable period, threatening destruction to anyone who should enter. Constable Gribben, (wild so recently furnished us with materials for " A Ghost Story") at length persuaded the harpy to come to the light of day, declaring that he would "'smoke her ont" if she would not come ont voluntarily. The scene on tbe road, with the Constable entreating the virago to "come out" was most ludicrous. A STANDING DISH.—A correspondent remarks oil the extraordinay length to -frhich the now celebrated Charge of Arson inquiry has reached. Tjhe multitude of witnesses, the mass of depositions, and the general bad management of the case'on the part of the prosecution. all came in for their-Share of criticism; he regards " the Fitzgerald case" .as a kind of standiug dish, to wliich the public are officially invitbd; a formal adjournment taken place after each repast ! &c.; ("We have not space for T. Mc C's letter, but we hope he will be satisfied with this lioticc.] PCBLIC BATHS.—The continuance of the very hot weather we have had recently has induced a desire on the part of some to ..take a comfortable dip in the Oiinpaspe.- The sitslof a Bathiug-piaiie ait the Racecourse, opposite Mr E: Argyies house," was granted sometime ego, but-the want of a -suitable house and other convenience has hitherto prevented its being availed of. We'should have preferred a more central position, and also 2. less dangerous one, water at that place being we believe too deep lor any but a swimmer... A memoml.was presented to the Council on' Thursday evening, praying tli'em to •grant £15 to erect a suilablc Tjuilding. -Jt was referred to the Public Works Committee. We have no doubt so modest a request will be complied with. KYNETON TOWN C OMMON-r-The meeting advertized to be held 7 at six o'ctock on. Thurfiday evening, at the Meehaniea' " Institute,. foi-" the purpose 'of electing three managers of-^fhe "Kyneton Town Common lapsed through the paucity -of attendance. The Chairman of the" Municipal Counjal, Cr Hargreave and Messrs Dalliston'ahd" Swanwick, were almost onlyparlies preseiif, r:: The"waht'of ^irfterest disblayed by the inhabitants ^Of . Kjneton, in public matters T^.ajmpfire. y.eryr favppably.jcitli any. other town iri';ttie mnce r--!a---55ieefirig-'«i'io ~a'firfe'- • brigi-ade miserably fell through, and on . Tuesday, night, the Annual General Meeting of the Mechanics' Institute^ <lid not muster twenty, of whom more than a fourth came from one house. MR. TAAFE'S LECTURE.—Mr W. H-.—Taafe-yesterday evening; at the Mechanics' Institute, feave a series of Dramatic Illustrations of • Popular—Irish Poetry. He evidently lias weH-mastered liis subject, indeed it seems to be one in which he revels, and, unlike most caterers for public amusement, he actually feels an intense pleasure in his .occupation. He displays considerable poetic taste and dramatic • ability. Were his voice equal in clearness and strength to his animation aud appropriate gestures, he would make a first-class actor. He can enter into a full appreciation of tlie sentiments of the poetry he illu trates, convincing the audience of his earnestnes.. Tlie attendance was not so numerous as the merit of the entertainment ought to.have commanded. CHURCH OF ENGLAND KYNETON.—A meeting of tlie Parishoners of St Pauls Kyneton, was held 011 Monday the 5th inst., when the accounts of the past year were passed. The Rev. Mr Vance nominated Mr Boulton, as his Churchwarden for • the ensuing year, and 011 the motion of. Mr Govetf, Mr Bently was unanimously elected Churchwarden on behalf of the Parislmers. The llev. Mr Vance, spoke on the advisibility of forming a Vestry, on the plan recommended by the Bishop. The matter was fully discussed; and it was determined to request the cooperation of 35 members of the congregation to act with tlie Churchwardens, when deemed advisible. A vote of thanks was then passed to the retiring Churchwardens and the meeting separated. THF. LATE .FIRE AT Miss BENNETT'S SEMINARY.— The Committee appointed to distribute the amount collected for the sufferers by the fire at the Kycueton Seminary, met at Mr Robertson's yesterday afternoon. Present : Rev. J. W. Bentley (in the chair), Rev. Messsrs Vance, Henderson and Waterhouse, Messrs Attwood, Wegall, Robertson,, O'Cqhnor, and Armstrong' After paying two~ small accounts for advertising there remained of 'money collected £121 leaving a balance of £19 promised but not received. It was resolved io apportion £90 of the amount to liqudate the claims of the governesse's aud servants, aEd that tiie residue be be given to Miss Bennett. AUCTION SALES.—The liarvest always produces a crop of Sales. It is then that agriculturists, arid withers arc supposed to have money to invest. We are afraid that the present dry season, and the recent bush fires will make tills a supposition in the case of many a poor farmer. Mr Daniel Wallace, of Castlemaine. will sell the furniture &c.;, at Mr Fitzgerald's Criterion Hotel 011 Monday next, at o'clock. On Friday the 16th inst., Messrs Kavc and Butchart will dispose of the the Pastoria Estate, lately tlie property of Mr George Govitt, in convenient "farm lots. The hour of this sale has been altered to eleven 0 'clock. Dr Wiikie's lour farms on tlie Cemctry Road, near to Mr Tom Wilson's, will be sold 011 the 24th inst., by Mr .J. T. H. Bennett, while the same auctioiieur will, 011 the 5tii February, dispose of a large lot of horses and cattle belonging to Dr Bavnton, which he finds it necessary to get rid of on account of farmers' commons and occupation licences having taken far from a moderate slice of liis run. We call .attention to advertisements in another column, of a sale by Mr D. Wallace at Mr Robert Taylor's Farm, Greenliill, 011 Tuesday, and of Mr M'Caw's sale at tlie famous Glenroy Farm, 011 Tuesday week. 