THE COMMISSION OF THE PEACE. (From the Queensland Times, Jan. C.) It is now a couple of years since I took up pen to express an opinion on publio matters. It has not been because occasion has not often enough arisen for an impartial looker on lo utter a few nords of remark or admo- nition. In these times, when wo are founding a country, not so much for ourselves as for tho millions that will como ofter us, it is thc duty of every thinking man to utter bis opinions plainly on all public questions. Thoso who hoar his words or read his sen- tences will bo able to take them for what they aro worth, and to separate the solid wheat from tho chaff. These aro not days when wo may bo mealy-mouthed, and stop to pick and choose our words when we seo that wrong is being done. But, to tell the truth, private business has led me into other scenes and other trains of thought than thoso which concern tho community which I addross. I imagined I had laid down tbo pen for ever?even tho shallow- patod pla- giarist who stolo my name could not draw me out of my sholl. But there oro occasions when silence would be criminal; and I feel bound at this juncture to -speak my message nnd relupso Into the murky shadows of the night. I hardly know what is of greater import- ance to individual liberty and contentment in such a colouy ns this, as the composition of tho Commission of thc Peaco. 1 defy a Governor, or a Minister of State, or a Judge of tho Supreme Court to bc absurdly or arrogantly tyrannical?to commit glaring acts of injustice with tho certainty that he ^vill novor be called to account for the mal- administration of tho duties which he has been appointed to perform. His actions all take placo in tho broad light of day, in tho full vision of tho public nud of a vigilant Pross; and woe be to him if he swerves from tho path of rectitude whilst such searching eyes are upon him I The bush magistrate," on the other hand, rules the un- controlled monarch of all ho surveys ; and every one who knows the country is well awaro that many galling and unjustifiable acts of tyrauuy arc committed in the Interior under the lying mask of law mid justico. They tell us that his power for evil is small?hut is not the fino of five shillings more to Lazarus than five thousand pounds would bo to Divos? A fortnight, cr a month, or thrco months of imprisonment may be called nothing to a mau who fools conscious of his innoconce, and kuows that he has been unjustly punished, either through blundering stupidity or becauso his libetty was placed nt tlio disposal of a cor- rupt magistrate But that imprisonment, however short it may be, may carry with it loss of character, and of domestic comforts, and of nil thnt tho heart holds dear?sacri- fices which Lazarus feels os keenly as though ho dressed in purple mid lino linen, and fared sumptuously every day. We aro told that the law is uo rognrder of persons ; but unfortunately such is not always thc case with .those who, with criminal carelessness or wilful perversion of duty on tho part of Ibo Executive, are often appointed to admi- nister tho law. Ono of thc late appointments to tho Com- mission of tho Peace strikes me ns being good in principle, but injudicious in tho peculiar instanco in which that principlo bas been carried out. A very worthy man, who bas boen somo time dead, has been sum- moned by his Excellency the Governor to toke his pince on tho magisterial bench. Rut if ive cannot do without a ghost, why not moko a better selection amongst tho countless dead? There is an abuudanco of deceased lawgivers and administrators of tho law who could be called upon without dis- turbing the spirit of a defunct squatter, who, although ho proved himself to bo an excel lent man during his career on this earth, yet scarcely ovincod such uniquo capabilities for tho performance of tho duties of a magis- trate as to reuder it a public duty to rouse him out of his grave. ...-j? On looking over tho list of names on the Commission, one cannot help being struck with tho great number of Government clerks thereon, nnd other persons in a similar position. What can bo the possible object of such appointments ?' Tho gentle- men in question ovidoutly cannot bo at their offices, and in tho performance of thc duties, for which tho public pay thom, nt the same timo when thoy aro sitting ou tho hench. I cnn fcarcoly believe that tho Exccutivo aro endeavoring to obtain a pliant magistracy, in order to provide for possiblo emergencies of an awkward description, and yeti can hardly bring myself to think that tho Government would, without solid reasons, force upon their servants a position which is conferred equally on somo of tho most ignorant aud disreputa- ble members of tho community. Another prominent featuro of the now Commission is, that although tho State is supposed to havo nothing to do with religion, yet moro regard for faith than fitness has evidently been exhibited in many Instances. Tho Scotch Presbyterians aro especially favored. A clergyman and twa oldors of tho Kirk havo been amongst tho elect, besides others of that denomination, Thero is a story curront Hint our Caledonia Premier keeps a. sharp look-out whilst ho rides through tho streets of Ipswich, and when over ho sccs a man rubbing himself against a telegraph post ho puts him in for a Go- vernment billot, or a J.P.-sliip at least. But I don't bolicvo a word of it. To carry out tho idea of representation of religion, how pyor, a Jew and a Roman Catholic must nooda bo put rm tlio Commission. Tho Isrnolito will vory likely nuiko as good a magistrate as most of his Christian brethren on tho bondi, but ns there is an abundanco of tho lattor alroady In his dirtrict, his np polutmont hap PVid.ontly boon made on tho representative system. If tho same principle bas been carried out in tho case of tho Roman Catholic, a most unfortunate selection has been made. What object has been gained by appointing a maa thoroughly uneducated, and who from his want of deci- sion and fixed principle commands the respect neither of his co- religionists nor of any other portion of the community ? There are men of ability in communion with the Church of Rome in this colony, who nie much moro fit for tho bench than a man who has no mind of his own, and whose education goes scarcely beyond tho knowledge of spell, ing his own name. There aro Catholics in whom tho public havo expressed their confi- dence in tho most unmistakeable manner; and there aro others who, like every man who is worth a straw, havo been ultra-libe. rals and ar.jent democrats beforo experience and knowledge of mankind had chilled their enthusiasm and taught_ them how idle and baseless aro the Utopian day dreams of youthful political philosophers. Tho public, more especially in this country, do not en- quire too curiously into the question of what school a man has been trained, so long as he proves himself to be an apt scholar capablo of learning from the lessons of experience; but a mero ignoramus who has no confidence in himself san never command the confidence of others. It is«not difficult to understand what powerful influence has. boon brought to boar in the case?but how was it that the Execu- tive pandered to the ambition of that old -man for a seat on tho bench ? For years bis property has qualified him for the posi- tion, but he never dared ask for lt before. Does ho think that because, whilst ho re- mained in obscurity, his antecedents wore forgotten, yet the world would bo equally oblivious when he presumed to announco, in a judicial capacity, on tho actions of other men ? T can t-carcely trust myself to express my feelings of reprobation of tho conduct of a Government in appointing to one of the highest postB of honor in its gift, a man who was dismissed with ignominy by a previous Government. I may be called ill natured in making such a reference to what is past; but the appointment to which I allude displays something much worse than ill-nature on tho part of tho Government, and of him who accepted the ill-deserved honor. Still, it appears, in spite of all that has been said against the practice, the Govern- ment yet persist in inakiug magistrates of hired servants of tho squatters. When a man is made a judge over bia fellow-men, it does not betel a Solon to assert that he ought to bo independent, and not a mero employe of another, liable to bo dismissed at auy moment. I will always insist upon it that an ordinary J.P. ought to be as pure and above suspicion as a Judge?even al- though, if un intelligent and educated man, he may perform his duties quite as usefully if he hus not techuical knowledge of tho law. It is not my wish, when I can possibly avoid it, to alludo to persons when I am attacking principles; but I invite the readers of the Queensland^ Times to go through tho lalo Commission, and satisfy themselves as to how many names appear on it which are thoso of servants whose position depends upon the good will of thoir employers. I bnve nothing at all to say against the appointment as a-Justice of tho Peace of a man who was only tho other day n common policeman in Ipswich, provided I hear from tho press anel tho people of the locality most affected that bo is tho right man in tho right place. So long as bis character is good and ho is fit for the position, I do not ask what he has been, but what he is. But the report is certainly prevalent that tbe J.P. in ques- tion became such as a reward for political services. Before expressing an opinion on tho Bubject I should like to learn what the people of Maryborough have to say on the subject. 1 seo that again and again the names of persons are put down on the Commission who utterly neglect their duties, and never take tlioir lum on tho bench according to tho roster. I think that tho papers ought to note every week tho' namo of the sitting Justices, and also to publish thoso of the Magistrates who accopted thc honors of their office, but shirked its duties. If tho Press has not the courage to publish, it must fall short of tho duties, however unpleasant they may bo, that are expected from it. I have already exceeded the limits I had laid down to express myself on this subject, but as I have left much unsaid I shall recur to it upon au carly occasion. Theodolite. Colonial Wines.-The following extract from an Ovens journal bears interesting tes- timony to the gratifying change which is being wrought in the convivial practices of the inhabitants of the most northerly town- ships of Victoria: " One hotel keeper at Chiltern retailed two and a-half hogsheads of Albury wine in ten days, and we notice that both at Chiltern and Rutherglen enterpris- ing caterers to the public taste are excavat- ing underground taprooms, or ' shades,' where thirsty souls can sit down in cool retirement, and imbibe their favorite bever- ages, drawn direct from the wood. The hardy miner is becoming rapidly weaned from his potations of ardent spirits, and he is already becoming some sort of a connoisseur as regards the flavor, the body, the alcoholic strength, and other qualities of the various local wines put before him. Having raised so healthy and extensive a demand, it is a thousand pities that the supply is falling short, even before midsummer is upon us." Total abstainers may not view these state- ments with, approbation, but the friends of temperance will discorn In them the evi- dences of an improved condition of affairs, and the assurance of a salutary amendment in the social habits of the " thirsty souls" referred to. Hard drinking is almost in compatible with a true relish for and the habitual enjoyment of light wines. Drunk- enness is tho curso of countries in which the people muddle their wits with heavy beer, or impair their brains and their stomachs by tho consumption of ardent spirits nnd bran- died wines. Iago's enumeration of tho na- tions which are " potent in potting" is an accuratoone; and if, in times past, intoxi- cation was tho prevalent vice, as " nobbler, izlng", continues to bo tbe reprehensible practice of numbers of our fellow-colonists in Victoria, wo brought tho propensities with us, and wo can only bo weaned from them in proportion as we adapt our drinking habits to tho cllmato in which wo livo, and conform our couvivlal practices to rational principles.?Argus. Go and Do Likewise.?Tho S. M. Herald says ;?Tho system of voluntary support to public worship was strikingly displayed at St. Mary's Episcopal Church, Balmain, on Sunday last. The officiating clergyman, tho Rev. Thomas Smith, at tho close of tho sormon, mado a short but striking appeal to the congregation, on tho scandal of having a elobt of £1400 upon tho church?appealing to their lovn of Christ and tho ordluanoes of His holy religion. Thc result was that ono gentleman toro a blank leaf from his Prayer book, and gavo a donation of tho wholo £1'100. Tho gonornl collection was to bo givou to Church purposes. It is scarcely necessary to say that tho princely donation was that of Mr. E. W. Cameron, of tho firm of T. S, Mort and Co. 