OLD BILLS. (From the Saturday Review, January 17.) A MILLIONAIRE, more. accurately. veseLin. the john . ctcieB of figures than those of the French language, recently entertained the French Emperor with a sumptuous late. On reconduttir g his illustrious guest to the carriage, an overflowing gratitude for the. Jmpc rial condescension which had honoured him by the Ecceptanceofan all but royal hospitality, burst forth in these words :-" Sire, je ne Perdriau jamais de memoire di ce jour." No more graceful or patriarchal compel ment can be paid to a guest by a host, than the assurance on his departure that the pleasure or honour of his visit will never be forgotten. But a slight misconception of the grammar or idiom of the language in which the compliment is paid may; give it a question- able character. The moral titillation which any thin air kinred guest than an Emperor may be expected to feel on being solemnly told that the memory of a day made happy by his presence will vanish with life alone, must be changed for a queer doubt whether the giver of the feast has found the company worth its salt, where the valediction takes the form of an assurance that the bill of the day's expenditure shall be kept for ever. It might indeed be argued, that the more enormous the bill, the greater is the proved value set by the person who incurs the debt upon the person for whose benefit it incurred. But it would be a very peculiar vanity which would make a man wish to be remembered by his friends only or mainly in connexion with the turn total he had cost them. We should prefer living in the thoughts of those who have cared for us by some more solid memory than at first appears to attach to an old bill. I Indeed, the uppermost sentiment with most people i about an old bill of any kind is, that such a record ยก is a rather disagreeable skeleton of memory, which may as well be buried out of sight as soon as pos- sible-as early, in short, as is consistent with a due regard to the statute of limitations. It is needless to say that an account which the debtor has forgotten, or believed to be paid, but which suddenly reappears as still owing is a most disagreeable skeleton j but we speak of the harmless ghosts of actual liabilities bills duly paid and rec- ipted long ago. Such records are not like old letters, which may find an obvious excuse for indefinite preservation in the chance that they may interest readers of some-' future acre in the characters or for names of their writers. Except for the petty and b irish satisfaction which an unborn statistician may som s day find in unearthing the fact that on such a day, ages back, beer was at three-pence, or wheat at forty shillings, or that gentlemen's gloves were steady at four shillings through several years of a maning has berdashery account towards the middle of the n of the 13th century, such interest as an old bill possesses, where it does possess any interest at all, necessarily dies with these who were personally familiar with its details at the time when it was due. Even for them, no special pleasures of memory are likely to lurk in the character of its handwriting, as it was probably made out by the hand of an unknown clerk or shopman 3 and the chances are that its actual payment was not at the moment a work of pure and unmingled satisfaction. The transaction was pervaded by an undefined sense that the total amount was larger than could have been expected from the insignificance of the items, or that some of the items were der at the money, or some others altogether unnecessary or, in short, that the paper would be so much the richer if the bill had not been run up-which reflected a shade of dreari- ness upon the unoffending document, even while it was being dock.ed as paid and laid by. For some years afterwards it has slept an unostentatious but useful sleep in a desk or a drawer, ready for production as evidence or reminder of the payment of the claim to which it refers. When the revival of that claim is barred by the judicious presumptions of the law, the superseded documentary evidence of its satisfaction might be expected to go (and in many cases undoubtedly does go into the fire, without evoking any sentiment whatever. But old bills are frequently allowed to accumulate year after year, until at last they are found to be filling up useful space in an unwarrantable manner, and must be destroyed wholesale lest they should turn the master of the house out of the use of all his repositories. Perhaps, even then, a hard practical man may be able to consign the dusty relics to the flames, without any feeling beyond thankfulness at the clearance of so much rubbish, or any wish to examine them anew. But if either a lurking distrust lest any memorandum which he might wish to keep may have been wrapped up among them by mistake, or an idle curiosity as to the contents of some particular paper, once tempts the bill destroyer to look into those records of his past financial experiences before their cremation, he will need some power of self-command not to linger over them. Dry dock rent as an old bill may be on the surface, there still is a certain dreamy suggest to veness, and sometimes a vividness of detail which will act very strongly upon the imagination, inherent in le memoirs of a day that is long gone by-. It must not be only by the intervening tale of years, but by the character of the events which those years have brought with them, that the bill should seem a thing of the past. The person who ran up and paid the bill years ago must since then be appreciably changed or modified the feelings and circumstances when he peruses it before burning, or he found it too soon. Not only must he be changed, but he must be so far change it so as to be able to look from afar with a kind of affectionate parental interest upon his former self. A big schoolboy", for instance, suddenly brought face to face with an old bill for the follies of his earliest school years (if those simple accounts were ever kept except upon a slate), would probably feel nothing but contempt for the greedy little monster that was capable of consuming such a mass of sugary nastiness. It is not until the bull's-eyes, and the u her's cane, and the Carters, and the long rope of our private school days have been fused by time bro a dim harmonious picture, that we can look with a humorous and charitable sympathy upon records which restive in detail the outworn caprices of our little selves. And through all the successive phases of academical existence at school and college there is too strong a set se of continuity to allow of that disinterested and genuinely critical interest in such reflections of a former state which springs up naturally in most men at a later period of life. The young Master of Arts, who has recently paid off the outstanding accounts of his undergraduate ship, is still in too close mental proximity to that platform of an artificial system for the maintenance of University tradesmen which was called his educational career, to look with amused and impartial serenity on his own ludicrous example of the method in which English youths spend their own and their fathers' money. Bills for oceans of drunk coffee and columns of untasted muffins, for gorgeous dishes of uneatable spread out at wine-party after wine- party in the exclusive interest of retailing gaps and bed-making, for hacks and dogcarts innumerable, and generally for all possible unnecessary commodities and amusements at unheard-of prices, represent to the re pendant or philosophical young M. A. as he ties them up and puts them by nothing but hard facts connected with his balance, and the familiar forms of his oldest duns not long since lying in wait about the staircase of his college rooms Let them sleep in a pigeon-hole for a few years, and the cruel mathematical hardness of the figures will have softened down and faded away, while the halo of memory will grow bright about the dates and details of the items. That bill for the coffee and muffins of youth will bring back to its middle aged possessor the evening to which they were a conventional accompaniment, spent in subtle and enthusiastic d acuBtion of politics or philosophy, inter- changed with sparkles of happy boyish wit or bursts of light-hearted frolic, such 86 middle life seldom effervesces in. This dirty stableman's paper recalls the last ride with our friend A., who won a Victoria Cross in the Crimea, and was killed in the Indian mutiny. That supper-bill calls up the night when X., who is now a decorous young bishop, acted that extempore charade which nearly killed all. his friends with laughing ; how I, did too, and Y. said that (and what is become of Y. and Z. since they were last heard of in the Rocky Mountains land so on, for as long a time as can be rightly spared from current interests to reviving half obliterated sympathies and recollections. It is not wise to dwell too constantly or infrequently upon such refreshers of memory, any more than it is wise habitually to fill a diary with a voluble transcript of all the flitting sentiments of a man's inner mind from day to-day. But a certain proportion of retrospective meditation is now and then a profitable employment, as is a not unlimited habit of Prosper tive moralizing. In so far as old bills, and documents of a similar character, are a help in stimulating the memory terrace a more vivid picture of the past by recalling the pegs of fact upon which the various strings of thought may be hung, they are not without a definite use and meaning, even when their existence is superfluous for any other purpose. Not that, even for this use, they should be preserved for ever. Their flavour and colour vanish, in the end, like the good qualities of over-kept wine. It is well to keep them undisturbed until they reflect a former state by e ,aT,d feeling from afar in the manner deserved, then to read and digest them, and 79 burn them at once. If they are hoarded up after once refreshing the memory of later life, the senti- ment attached to them, and the unity of the pictures derived from them, will only be frittered away. _Wi.n'a__iiddle-_ged man has once thoroughly ruminated over his old bills, he is in a position from which two courses are open to him. He may imitate Goethe, and write a pseudo-memoir by piecing together the second hand reminiscences of his earlier life, or he may leave it alone. Probably the second course may, in most cases, be the wiser. Of all the old papers of this class which reappear unawares, the most interesting are perhaps precisely those in regard of which it is most difficult to assign any intelligible reason for their ever having been preserved at all. Such are, for instance, toe hotel bills and other sections of our early travels abroad, which were clearly never to be needed again as touches of payments made by an English bird of passage to the various landlords or head-waters upon by-road from Boulogne to the other extreme of the habitable world. The first passport with which a free Britain was found, in the infancy of his Continental voyaging, cannot be but a curious memorial to him ever afterwards, with all its needless variety of sanded | visas in record of 60 many obnoxious frontiers, and so , much vexation from corruptible or incorruptible counters. But the old hotel bill, with its little details of dinners and liquors and values displace, and commis- i sions, and carriages to the theatres and round the lions of the local hay, rolls up the curtain of the part more thoroughly, and revives more at large the strong I first impressions of the novelties of foreign ways, I which succeeding journeys had blurred into common place in the mind The mere fact that on such a day I your party at dinner was noted in your old hotel bill was numbering one or two more than usual, may drop a light on some forgotten incident which you can now trace as having coloured the whole of your life since. Sometimes the habits and even the characters of those who were travelling with you, and who now are no more, will be brought back to the mind with indescribable subtlety and pathos by the details of such a paper Another similar record may mark the moment a | in which your former self took a sudden plunge into a new and strange career. Whether the details of youth to which these old leaves recall you were trivial or eventful in themselves, it is almost certain that they B will be found to have been impressed upon the mind more vividly than the analogous incidents of some years later; and it is partly from the greater cohe- rence attached to the little things of early life by the more perfect sensitiveness s of the memory which received their impressions, that the interest of the items of such old remembrances arises. 