SALE POLICE COURT. THATCHER'S SONGS. Thatcher may be gone, but surely his ghost remains - not Pepper's ghost, but the ghost of Thatcher, personified by Mr. J. D. Leeson. On yesterday a most exciting case occurred at the Police Court-one which has no parallel in the annals of this district. If we had not before us "the Bull in the China Shop," or " the Chinaman's Wife," the present case, however, affords us quite sufficient room for a few remarks on the value of the satirical pro- ductions of Mr. Thatcher, and the vagaries of the Postmaster. The value of Mr. Thatcher's productions shows that "Man does not gently scan his fellow-man." The poet's philosophy wants the practical re- sult - man is rather anxious to scan the faults of his brother, and by that means hide his own infirmities. Thus it is that Thatcher's songs and addresses have become valuable - so valu- able that two lawyers were fee'd, and fully half a dozen witnesses summoned to appear at the Police Court on yesterday, Guy Fawks' Day, to test the right of the original manuscript. "Could Thatcher have been here to see!" a change might have come over the evidence; but Thatcher was not here, so "these witnesses cut it fat." On the Bench were Messrs. Inglis and Arbuckle, who seemed so anxious to hear the case of Leeson v. Dicher that they must have put their watches for ward at least one quarter of an hour, and opened the court at least fifteen minutes be- fore 11 o'clock. A few unimportant cases having been disposed of, the great case of Leeson v. Dicher was called. Immediately, the court was crowded, and the lawyers ap- peared before the bench with each a bundle of papers sufficient for an Equity Barrister in a Chancery suit. Mr. Patten appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Atkinson represented the defendant--one represented to Sale Postmas- ter, the other a member of the Civil Service in the Survey Department. Mr. Patten opened the case by briefly and energetically detailing the wrongs which his client had suffered - he who had brought Thatcher here - the inimitable Thatcher Thatcher, whose satires were a living memento of the love of each man to find a hole in his brother man's coat, and glory over it - and he (the plaintiff) now to be deprived of the ori- gital copies by a bog-trotter," who still had the reek of the Celtic turf. The plaintiff could not stand it - he could not submit to have those valuable documents so prostituted, and under a promise from Mr. Thatcher he now claimed them. After the eloquent address of Mr. Patten, the plaintiff was called in support of his case, and was sworn by the constable in charge of the police station at Sale, but who is rather obese to be easily stirred, and consequently ad- ministered the oath while taking his ease on a cushioned chair. Mr. Patten examined the witness: - What is your name ? (Sotto voce) My name is J. D. Leeson. Mr. Atkinson (the defendant's solici- tor) : Speak out, sir. Witness (in a voice which made the old tenement shake again): JOHN DANIEL LEESON! Mr. Atkinson. You need not speak so loud. Mr. Patten continued the examination: You are the Postmaster of Sale? - I am a watchmaker. You know Mr. Thatcher - Yes. Had you conversation at any time with Mr. Thatcher relative to his songs? Mr. Atkinson objected to conversa- tions - they might do very well in company, but were wholly unfit for evidence. Mr. Thatcher promised you the manuscript of his songs? - Yes. Did you ask Mr. Dicher for them? - Yes. What did he say ? - He pooh, poohed! One time he was too busy; another time he was engaged with an elaborate port- folio of Mr. Thatcher's compositions; and a third time, he said he would give them bye- and-by. Witness valued the originals at £5. Mr. Thatcher promised the songs to him. Did so before Mr. Hart. Mr. Atkinson cross-examined the witness. The songs he looked upon as a gift. He did not pay anything for them, nor did he once get them into his possession. R. Quinan, Clerk of Petty Sessions, sworn: After Mr. Leeson applied for a summons, witness went to Mr. Dicher and told him of the application. Mr. Dicher said that he would give the copies rather than appear in court. J. J. Hart was then sworn: Witness re- collected the night before Thatcher left Sale. Witness went to bid him good-bye, when both Dicher and Leeson came up. Leeson asked Mr. Thatcher in rather a peremptory tone, where were the originals of the copies of the songs he had promised him. Thatcher re- plied - "I have given them to Mr. Dicher, who will supply you with copies;" to this re- ply Mr. Leeson said he would not take copies; he wanted the originals, and that Mr. Thatcher should not have forgotten a former arrange- ment. Mr. Thatcher said he had given the originals to Mr. Dicher, and asked Mr. Dicher if he had any objection to give up the origi- nals to Mr. Leeson. Mr. Dicher then pro- mised to accede to Mr. Thatcher's wish as soon as he had copied them. Mr. Patten said his case was closed, and, after some consultation on the part of the Bench, they expressed a wish that the defen- dant should be called. Mr. Dicher was then sworn, and said that these manuscripts were given him by Mr. Thatcher; that he never promised to give up the originals; and only promised to give the copies. On Tuesday morning Mr. Leeson called upon him and asked him for the copies, when witness said he could have them by ten o'clock. Plaintiff said if he did not got them by half past nine he would summon him, and accordingly did so. He was present at the last night of Thatcher's performance, and heard his " Farewell Address," he heard, the lines - " Dicher, at our departure looked quite sad - Oh! would I could console this Irish lad! I'll leave my songs with him, and when we're gone, In reading them he'll, perhaps, feel less forlorn!" The manuscript now produced was in Thatcher's hand-writing. Cross-examined by Mr. Patten: Never pro- mised to give Leeson the originals - indeed Mr. Thatcher was quite angry at the idea of Leeson getting them. Mr. Patten: Did both Hart and Leeson swear falsely whlen they said you promised them to wit- ness? - They did. Several more witnesses were in attendance, but not called. After some consideration, the Bench said that, allowing Mr. Hart's evidence to be true, still the defendant was not bound by a promise. The defendant asked if he was now bound to give copies? Mr. Patten replied not, unless he valued his own promise. Defendant: "That's nothing." On the application of Mr. Atkinson, 20s. costs were awarded to the defendant. 