COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Wentworth Mines.— During the past week the town has been thrown into excitement by the reported discovery of gold in large quantities at these mines, We were at first disposed to consider the report a mere exaggeration, but are glad, after full inquiry, to be able to add out confirmation to its truth. It appears that Sloan and party sunk a prospecting hole oh the line of the reef, lying between the mill and the private residence on the hill, and succeeded, at a depth of between five and seven feet in striking the casing of the reef, and in obtaining four ounces of gold to the tin dish ; the poor fellows were, in mining phraseology, regularly cleared out when they made this providential dis covery ; and like all men who find any thing good, were resolved not to keep it to themselves. The leader of the party accordingly came to our office with a letter, detailing particulars, which will be found in another column. To commemorate the cheering event they determined to call the claim the " Perseverance," and to get Mr. Craigie to paint them a flag ; this he did in his best style, and on Wednesday it was hoisted with great acclaim— the diggers mustering in force to assist in the cere mony. As usual on such occasions there was an abundant supply of creature com forts, which were discussed with gusto by the assembled guests aud spectators. A few nights ago, the prospectors having stacked about three loads of washdirt, found that some bucketsful had been stolen ; they have since taken such mea sures at will ensure the thief a hot recep tion if he should repeat his visit. The ground in the line of the prospecting claim has been taken up. Parties at a distance would therefore do well to exercise caution before they come here in numbers ; parti cularly as many of those who came before left the ground without putting a pick in it and gave the place a bad name. The field generally is yielding gold in small quantities, and the puddlers have been making money. As we have said before, the auriferous wealth of the Wentworth mines remains to be discovered by co operative labour and capital. — Western Examiner. . Prison Breaking at Bathurst. — On Friday morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, the town was thrown into a state of considerable excitement by the rumour that five prisoners had just made their escape from Bathurst gaol. Upon visiting the gaol immediately after, we found the report was true, and from the particulars we gleaned, the following appear to be the facts of the case. The prisoners, who were in the exercise yard, became possessed of a pick-axe, which must have been conveyed to them through a drain communicating with the outer yard, by one or more of the road party. The men in the inner yard appear to have congregated in one corner, and while one or two were engaged in removing the bricks from the outer wall, by means of the pick-axe, they were sheltered by the others from the gaze of the warder, who was stationed, on a platform at the oppo site end of the yard. A hole was made in the wall from eighteen inches to two feet square, through which five prisoners made their escape. The alarm was first given by Mr. H. Blunden, who was crossing the square, and observed a hole in the gaol wall. He saw two men get through the hole ; but thinking that the bricklayers were at work upon the wall, he did not take much notice of the matter until one of the men passed him, saying, " Don't say anything about it old fellow," or something like it. His suspicions were then aroused, and he ran to the gate .of the gaol and gave the alarm. In the mean time, before he could return to the hole in the wall, three other prisoners made their escape. The report spread very quickly through the town, and . Joseph West, junr., Esq., J.P., hearing it, and seeing one of the men running, jumped on to the first horse be saw and soon headed the prisoner, who was shortly afterwards secured in a yard near Mr. John . Dargin's residence-, in William- street. A second prisoner was very speedily captured in Piper- street, and the mounted police having heard of the affair, were in -their saddles and scouring the country without delay. About two o'clock a third one of the prisoners was brought iu by the police, having been captured about seven miles from Bathurst, between the White Rock and Macquarie Plains. Up to the time of writing, the other two had not been' captured. The following is a list of the prisoners who made thefr escape : — Lowrie, committed to take his trial for shooting Foran at Brisbane Valley, with intent to murder. Wood- heart, convicted at the last Quarter ... Sessions, of horse stealing, and sentenced to five years on the public works of the colony. Mortimer, sentenced to three .years for forgery. Saunder3, committed on a charge of horse stealing; audPollett or Pollard, committed from Sofala on three separate charges of larceny. The last three named in this list have been re captured, but the other two are still at large. — Free Press. The Mysteries of Sydney. — The inquest held on Tuesday, on the body of a young " unfortunate," named Mary Anne McPhorson, discloses a revolting and startling picture of the misery and degradation that follow the victims of the " social evil." It,nppcars that for some time prior to her miserable death, the unhappy girl had been living at the Old Ship Inn, a house of very doubtful repu tation, and that she was leading the disso lute life of a prostitute of the lowest class. She wretched girl appears to have indulged in strong drink to excess pos sibly to stifle the reproaches of " the still small voice" that whispered of past days of virtue and happiness. On Sunday last her career of vice and degradation culmin ated. She returned to the house in question in all the horrors of delirium tremens, and towards evening the " screams" of this poor " traviata" became so piercing, that Madame, saying they " interfered with her customers," re quested the hapless girl to go into the yard, adding as an inducement for her to do so, that " she would forgive her what she owed her." McPherson was subse quently assisted into the yard by another " sister of misery," and before leaving the bar the victim exclaimed in piteous ac- , cents " Madame, I am dying." This, how- | ever, excited no emotion of pity in the , breasts of those who heard the " last ap peal" of the dying girl, and so to the yard , she was removed. The woman who as sisted her stated that her intention was I to have placed McPherson in the kitchen, . and for that purpose left her sitting on the ground whilst she returned for the , key. This woman was, however, long in returning and when she did so, found , " the bottle had done its work," for the ' miserable being was lying in the middle ; of the yard dead. When too late Dr. ( Moon was sent for, and pronounced life . extinct. A post mortem examination proved that the immediate cause of death . was inflammation of the brain, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. . Such was the wretched and untimely end of one who had, in all probability, been the hope and pride of affectionate parents. \ — Bell's Life. Mr James Hoskins, M.L.A. — The Herald's Rocky River correspondent gives publicity to a rumour current in Armidale to the effect that Mr. James Hoskins has resigned his seat in the Assem bly and accepted a superintendency of roads at £800 per annum ; further, that Mr. James Buchanan is spoken of as Mr. Hoskius's probable successor, and that Mr. Frederick Dalton intends opposing Mr. Buchanan. Chinese Passports. — Another pecu liarly of the Chinese was brought to light at the Police Court on Saturday", during .the hearing of a small debt case. It appears that every Chinese who returns to China must be possessed of a ticket issued by the High Priest of the Joss- house, and without one of these it is stated the Chinese could not return to the land of their birth. These tickets, we need hardly say, must be paid for. They are sold to retail agents at £1 each, and they sell them to their countrymen at £1 5s., thus making 5s. profit on any ticket sold. The peculiar efficacy of these tickets did not transpire, but of their necessity there seemed to be no doubt. The action was brought to recover £7, the balance of an account due for tickets left with a retail dealer, and the defence was, that they were destroyed in a fire that burnt the defendant's house in the main road. The Bench made an order for the amount.— Ballarat Star. For the Lovers of the Marvellous. — Barnum, .Baron Munchausen's ghost, or the discoverer of the great sea serpent must be amongst us taking notes. The following in tho form of a letter to a town contemporary is gravely going the round of the country press : — " I have lately discovered in a stony creek, fifteen miles from Castlemaine, the bodies of three aborigines, quite whole, and not wanting in the smallest details, but which are petrified into solid marble. When I first saw them I thought they were actually alive, until on going close I noticed the eyes. They are in a sitting posture, and the veins, muscles, &c.;, may be distinctly traced through what is now a group of stone blocks ; they are in a splendid state of preservation — even the finger nails, teeth, &c.;, are as perfect as they were 500 years ago. One of them has a stone axe by his side, without any haft." The writer forgets to mention that the date A. D. 1363 is inscribed in letters of brass on the solid marble. — Melbourne paper. Low Price Cattle. — Forty bullocks, belonging to Mr. Macarthy, were sold on Thursday, by auction for £20, or 10s. per head. It is not long since the same gentleman bought them, cheap as he thought, at £50, or 25s. per head. We believe Mr. Macarthy was a very heavy sufferer by the late bush fires, by which most of his grass was destroyed, thus compelling him to part with his stock, while in low condittion, at any price. — Kyneton Guardian. A Highland Grace before Meat. — Said the landlady, " I'm just perspirin' a' over wi' shame arid disgrace that the cows have na' calved for ye to get crame to yer parritch ! " In spite of the cows having been so disobliging, there was abuudonce of Highland cheer, towering dishes of scones, oatcakes, an enormous cheese, fish, eggs, and a monstrous gray- beard of whiskey ready, if required; fumes of tobaceo were floating in the air, . and the whole seemed an embodiment of the Highlander's grace. " Oh, gi' us rivers o' whiskey, chau'ders o' snuff, and tone o' tobacco, a preod an' cheese as pig as the great hill o' Ben Nevis, and may our childeFs childer be lords and lairds to the latest sheneration." On repeating this grace to an old hillsman of eighty, leaning on his stick, he thoughtfully answered — " Weel, it's a goot grace — a very goot grace— but it's a warldly thing !" — Blackwood's Magazine. RIPTON RUMSEY.— A TALE OH THE WATERS. They who are mindful of atmospheric phenomena must remember a storm, remarkable for its violence, which oc curred not long since. It was a storm by night, and of those abroad at the time, every one averse to tho shower- bath, and having a feline dislike to wot feet, will bear it in mind, at least till the impression is washed out by the floods of a greater tempest. In the eveninn the rain, as if exercising itself for more important feats, fell gently and at inter vals ; but as tho night advanced, the wind camo forth intent upon a frolio Commencing with playful gambols, il amusad itself at first with blowing oul old women's candles at tho apple stalls. Then growing bolder, it extinguished a few corporation lamps, and, like a mis- ohievous boy, made free to snatch the hats of the unguarded, and to whisk them away through mud and kennel, At length becoming wild by indulgence, it made a terrible turmoil through the streels, without the slightest regard tc munioipal regulations to the contrary, It went whooping at the top of his voice round the corners, whistled shrilly through tho keyholes, and howled .iu dismal tones about the chimney -tops, Here, it started the negligent house wife from her slumbers by slamming the unbolted shutter till it roared like a peal of artillery ; and there it tossed a sign until its anoient hinges creaked for mercy, while at intervals tho heavy tumbling of scantling told that when Aueter chooses to kick up a . breeze, he is very near as good at a praotioal joke as Boreas, or any othor frolicsome member of the Hilolian family. The clouds, too, threw open thoir sluices, and tho water, joining in the saturnalia, tried in o variety of ways to amusa itself, and its capers were as numerous as those of the gale. It beat the tattoo upon the pave ment with suoh sportive fury, that it was difficult todecido whether it did not rain upwards as violently as it did down wards. Anon the breeze oame sweeping along in a horizontal shower, disdaining alike the laws of gravity and the perpen dicular, but more hackneyed, method ol accomplishing it. In short,' whether referenoo be had to wind or water, it may bo noted in the journals of those curious in regard to weather, as a night equally calculated to puzzle an umbrella, aud to render every man his own washerwoman. Selecting a single incident from the many, whioh it is natural to suppose might have been found by tho aid of a diving-bell on suoh a night, it becomes necessary to fish up Ripton Rumsey, who happened to bo abroad on that occasion, as be is upon all onoasious when left to consult his own wishes. Where Riptou had been in the early part of the evening it would not havo been easy either for himself or any ono else to tell. It i9| therefore, fair to infer that, distributing his attentions, he had been as usual ' about in apots.' The faet is, he has a hobby, whioh, like many hobbios, is apt to throw his rider. Although temperate ly disposed, suoh is the inquiring nature of his philosophic spirit, that, with a view, perhaps, to the ultimate benefit of the human raoe, be is continually experi menting as to tho effocts of alcoholic stimulants upon the human framo. It is probable, therefore, that on this oc casion having ' imbibed too muoh of the enemy' neat as imported, he had walked forth to qualify it Dy a stroll in the rain. This, however, is irrelevent. Where he wsb, is the point at issue. The rain came down heavier than ever. A soli tary watchman, more amphibious than his race in general, was seen wending his way through the puddles, thinking, if ho thought at all, of the disoomforts of those whom Noah left behind, and of that happy provision of nature whioh renders a wet back fatal to none but young goslings. Dodging between the drops was out of the question ; so he strode manfully onward, until he stum bled over something whioh lay like a lion, or a bundle of wet clothing, in his path. ' Why, hollo !— what do you oall this when its biled, and the skin's tuck off!' said he, recovering himself, and giv ing the obstruction a thrust with bis foot. 'What's this without ingens?' continued he, in that metaphorical man ner peculiar to men of his profession, when they ask for naked truths and un cooked facts. It was Ripton Rumsey — in that independent condition which places men beyond theoontrolofoir'ouni- stanoes, enabling them to sleep quietly eithor on the pavement or on tho track of a travelled railroad, and to repose in despite of rain, thunder, a gnawing con- soienoe; or the fear of a locomotive. It was Ripton Rumsoy, saved from being floated away, solely by the saturated condition both of his infernal and exter nal man. ' It's a man,' remarked tho in vestigator, holding fo a tree with his right hand, as ho curiously yet cautiously pawed Ripton with his left foot. ' It's a man who's turned in outside of the door, and is taking a snooze on the cold water principle. Well, I say, neighbour, jist in a friendly way,' added he, giving Ripton a prodigious kiok as an evidence of his amicable feeling — 'if you don't get up, you'll ketoh a nageo or the collar- and-fix-you. Up with you, Jaoky Dadle. Ripton's condition, as before hinted, was beyond the ordinary impulses to human action ; and he, therefore, en dured several digs with the foot aforesaid without uttering more than a deep-toned grunt; but at la6t the sharp corner of his boot coming in contact With his ribs, he suddenly tamed over in the graceful attitude of a frog, and struok out vigorously. Like Giovanni's faithful squire, he proved himself an adept at swimming on land. He 'handled' his arms and legs with suoh dexterity, that before his progress oould be arrested he was on the curbstone. The next inBtant beard. him plunge into the Bwollen and roaring kennel, and with his head stick ing above the water, he buffeted the waves with a heart of controversy. ' The boat's blowed up, and them that ain't biled are all overboard,' spluttered the swimmer, as he dashed the waters about, and seemed almost strangled with the quantities whioh entered the hole in ' his mouth entitled a mouth, which was sadly unacquainted with undistilled : fluids — ' Strike out or you're gone chick- , ens! them ascan'tswim must tread water, . and them as can't tread water must go to i Davy Jones! Lot go my leg! Every i man for himself I Pbre-o-c! bro o-o 1 Who's got some platterdocks ? ; The walch looked on io eilcnt admira- > tion ; but finding that the acquatio gen- ; tleman did not mukd muoh headway, ; and that a probability existed of his i going out of the world in souudings and by water, a way evidently not in oon- > formity to his desires, the benevolent guardian of the night thought proper to ; interpose ; and bending himself to the i work, at last succeeded in re-establish ing Ripton Rumsey on the curbstone. ! 'Ha 1' said Ripton, after gasping a few minutes, and wringing the water i from his face and hair — 'you've saved mo, and you'll be put in the newspapers for it by way of solid roward. Jist in , time — I'd been down twyst, and if I'd i gone agin, Ripton Rumsey would astay- i ed there — once more and the last and , the nearest gits it. Only think — my . eye 1 how the shads and the catties would a chawed me up 1 Getting drown- i ed ain't no fan, and after you'ro drowned , it's wus. My sufferings what. I had, and . my sufferings what I like to had, is ! enough to make a feller cry, only I ain't i got no handercher, and my sleeve's so i wet ic won't wipe good.' ' Yes, young 'ud,' iSaid"the Charley, ' 'posing the fishes had been betting on i elections, they've invited other fishes i to eat you for oyster suppers — so much i majority for sturgeon nose, or a Ripton . Rumsey supper for the oompany — why , not ? If we ketoh tho fishes, we eat t them ; and if they ketch us, they eat us, j — bite all round.' i But the storm again began to howl, i and as Ripton evidently did not under- . stand the rationale of tho argument, the ; watchman lost his pootio sympathy for ; the Jonah of the gutters. Eveu had he heard the fishes oalling for Rip- . tou Rumsey's fried,' ' Ripton Rumsey's . stewod,' or ' Ripton Ramsey's on a cha fing dish,' he would have felt indifferent > about the matter, and if asked how ho . would take him, would undoubtedly have j said, 'Ripton Rumsey on a wheelbar- , row.' ; You must go to the watchhouse.' 'What fur must I?' 'Fetch along the Humane Society's apparatus for tho recovery of drowndod indiwidooals, them's , what I waut— I'm waterlogged. Bring , us one of the largest kind of stnallers — a tumbler full of brandy and water with- i out no water iu it. I've no notion of , being diddled out of tho sweets of my interesting sitovation — I want the goodies i wrap mein a hot blanket and lay me by the fire— put hot bricks to my feet, fill me up with hot toddy, and then go away. That's the bcientifio touob, and it is the only way I m to be bruug to, beoause , waen I'm drowndod I'm a hard case ' indeed.' t The Charley promised all, if Ripton . would accompany him. The soft de- , lusion was believed, and the ' hard oaso ' , was lodged iu the reoeptaole for suoh as he, where, bofore he discovered the dc- > ception, he fell iuto a profound slumber, , which lasted until morning. The ex- , amination was as follows : ' Where do you live ?' 'I'm no ways pertikelar— jist where it s cheapest and most convenient. The cheapest kind of living according to my notion is, when it is good and don't cost nothing. In winter, the Alms House is not slow, and if you'll givo as a call, you 11 find mo there when the bqows on the ground. But when natur' smiles and the grass is green, I'm out like a hoppergrass. The fact is, my oonstitu- tion isn t none of the strongest; hard ' work- hurts nay system; so I go about doing little jobs for a tip or a levy, so's to got my catnip tea and bitters regular —anything for a decent living, if it does nt tire a foller. But hang the city rural felicity and no Charleys is. the thing after all — pumpkins, cabbages, and apple whiskey is always good for a weakly constitution, and a man of an elewated turn of mind.' 'Well, 111 send you to Moyamensing prison — quite rural. The sound of that awful word struck terror to the very marrow of Ripton. Like the rest of his olass, while bearing his soul in his stomaoh, he carries his hoart at the end of his nose, and to his heart rushed the blood from every part of his frame, until the beaoon blazed with a lurid glare, and the bystanders apprehended nasal apoplexy. The rudder of his countenance grew to such a size that there was no mistaking the leading feature of the case. To see be fore him, Ripton was compelled to dire- fully, and as the beggar in Gil Bias did his carbine, he found himself under the necessity of resting his tremenduous probosois on the olvk's desk, while he coiked his eye nt his Honor. ' Miamensin 1' Btammered Ripton — ' Ouob, ouoh! now don't! that's a olever foller. Arch-street was all well enough — plenty of oompany and conversation to improvo a ohap. But Miamensin — scandaylus 1 Why, they slap you right iuto a bag as soou as you get inside the door, jist as if they bought you by the bushel, and then by way of finishing your education, they lug you along, and empty you in a room, where you never see nothing nor nobody. Ib'a jist wast ing a man — I'm be bagged if I go to Miamensin 1 — I'd rather be in the Me- naggerry, and be stirred up with a long pole twenty times in the day, so as to oanse me to growl to amuse the com pany. I ain't potatoes to be pat into a bag — blow the bag 1' 'There's no help for it, Ripton; you are a vagrant, and must be taken care of.' ' That's what I like ; but bagging a man is no way to take oare of him, unless he's a dead robin, or a shot tom- tit. As for being a vagrom, it's all owing to my weakly constitution, and because I can't have my bitters and catnip tea regular. But if it's the law, here's at you. Being a judge, or a mayor, or anything of that sort's easy done without catriip tea; it don't hurt the hands,, or strain your baok; but jist try a spell at smashing stones, or piling logs, and you'll learn what's what without being put in a bag at all.' ' Never mind,' said Ripton, as he was conducted from tho office, ' everything goes round in this world. Perhaps I'll be stuck some day on a bench to ladlo law to the loafers. "Who knows? Then let me havo a holt of some of tho chaps that made Miamensin. I'd ladlo out law to 'em so hot, they'd not send their plates for more soup in a hurry. I'd have a whole bucketful of oatnip tea alongside, and the way they'd ketoh thirty days, aud thirty days on top of that, would make 'em grin like chessy cats. First I'd bag all the Charleys, and then I'd bag all the mayors, and Bew 'em up.' Curious Will.— Mr. Queeusley, of Dambridge, who was a great admirer of the Grecian poot3, has left directions in his will that bis skin is to be tanned into a parchment, upon whioh is to be written the whole of the ' Iliad' of Homer, which is then to bo presented to tho British Museum. The Fioht for the Championship of England. — The fight was for tho championship of England and £400. The 26th of November was fixed on as tho day, and a field near Thames Haven was tho soene of the contest. ' About a quarter to seven the train left the station. By the time the train stopped at the Thames Haven Station, twenty- eight miles from London, a drizzling rain bad commenoed, which threatened to continue. A suitable spot was soou' selected, annd in about half an hour tho stakes were driven in, and the ring was formed. The spectators, who were about 600 in number, now arranged themselves as best they could for a view of tho en- oounter. Both men wore cheered as' they stepped into the ring ; and as soon as they had beeu stripped to tho waist, it was evident that no pains had been spared in their training. Tho dis parity in size wa9 at once strikingly apparent, Muco being only 5 feet 8i inohos in height, whilst King stands 6 feet 1'- inohes; but it was noticed that tho little man had a musoular development which was at least equal to that of his gigantic opponent. The toss for choice of corners having been won by Maco, ho seleotod that which shclteied him most from the oold wind and from the slight rain that was now falling. About eighteen pugilists paraded round the ring, and kept off tho pressure of the crowd. Having shaken hands with each other, Maoe and King at once began tho encounter. Intently gazing iuto each other's oyes — nimbly advanoing or receding as occasion called —they both seemed thoroughly aware that the contest would be a sovere one, and ono in whioh no chauco, however slight, should be thrown away. King was the most eager, and appeared deter mined to force the fighting — relying, doubtless, upon his longer roaoh, his groator height, and his superior strength. Warily, however, did the champion ward his blows — nimbly slipped aside, or dived under the giant's arms, and when they came to close quarters, it seemed that his hitting whs superior to that of King — more sharp, straight, and definite. Many of King's blows were more wild lunges ; but when the oham- pion struck, he struok with au object. Thus the first few rounds passed, neither party gaining a decided advantage. There was but little betting, but suoh as there was seemed to he in favour of Mace. Long considered to be the most soieutifio boxer iu England, he was now known to be fighting hiB be9t. King appeared to rely a good deal upon tho rapidity of his attack, but many of hiB blows fell short. It might well be that Mace was waitiog, and that he wished to exhaust his impetuous young adversary. Bo this as it may, both men fought on gallantly — viotory now inolining to the one side, now to the other, but seeming, on the whole, most likely to crown the skill of Maoe. About the thirteenth round, however, the tide turned. Tho ohathpion was beaten down. Soon he rallied, and again the issue of the fight grew doubtful. It might laBt for hours yet. Men had grown too excited to bet muoh, but there was a great deal of oheering and booting, utterly regardless of whioh the men, still intently watch ing each other's eyes, went oh. At last, in the nineteenth round, King delivered a terriblo right-handed blow full upon tho ohampiou's face. It was a blow such as few men oould give — suoh as no man oould withstand. Down went Mace to the ground, and the blood gushed out iu floods from bis faoo. The effects of this stroke seemed to electrify all the spectators, and to startle even King him self. Raised again by his seconds, Mace bravely stood forward onoe more. In stantly dashing at him, King inflicted blows ody less terrible than tho pre vious ones ; and the champion, whose faoe was now rapidly becoming a hideous and undistinguisbable mass, was again knocked down. Virtually the fight was over, but Maoe struggled up for yet another effort. He was sb weak as a ohild. King struck him down with tho greatest ease, and the seconds of Maoe, seeing that all ohance of success had departed, wisely and considerately threw up the sponge in token of defeat. The fight began at about a quarter past nine, and it lasted for thirty-eight minutes, during whioh time twenty-one rounds were fought. — English paper, November 27 . The New Field-Marshals. — The following is a recapitulation of the ser vices of the reoently gazetted Field-Mar shals : — His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge entered the army in 1837, with the nominal rank of colonel, and did duty with the 12th and 17th Dra goons and 33rd Foot, and subsequently commanded the Dublin distriot. In 1852, he beoame Colonel of the Soots Fusileer Guards. At the outbreak of the, Russian war he proceeded with the' Guards to Soutari, andsubsequently com manded the 1st division of the army. Ho was in the thickest of the fight at the battles of Alma and Iokerman, and in the latter his horse was killed under him. He was also present at Balaklava, and during tho great portion of the soige of Scbastopol. Oo the death of Lord Ilar- dinge his Royal Highness was appointed Commander-in-Chief — a poBt which he has filled with- the hearty approbation of the army and the entire satisfaction of the public. Viscount Gough com menced his military career in 1794, and served at the Capo of Good Hope against the Dutch in that year. Next year he was again fighting in tho West Indies. In the Peninsular war he commanded the 87th Regiment at Talavcra (where he was wounded), at Barossa, Nivelle (wounded a second time), at Vittoria, and at the defence of Cadiz, where ho wa9 once more wounded. The 87th was fortunate enough to capture an eagle at Barossa, aud tho baton of Marshal Jourdain at Vittoria. After a long period of comparative inaction he was appointed to command the forces in China in 1842, and at the termination of hos tilities ho was made a baronet aud G.C B. From 1843 to 1846 he was actively en gaged against the Muhrattas and Sikhs; and tho battles of Moodkee, Ferozeshab, Sobraon, and Gonjcrat will always be identified with his name. It was after this last battle that this gallant officer was created a peer. Ho was appointed to the colonelcy of tho Royal Horse Guards in 1855, and espeoially proceeded to Sepastopol to distribute the honours so hardly won by the army. Sir Ed ward Blakeney also entered the array in 1749 as cornet, but he speedily ohanged iuto the infantry, andcoru menocd an aolivo career in 1796 in the West Indies. In 1807 he was present at the oapture of tho Danish fleet and surrender of (Jopon- hagon, and in 1809 ho served at tho capture of Martinique. In 1811 com manded tho 7th Foot, and was present at the battles of Busacoand Albuera (in the latter of which he wa9 severely wounded), sieges of Ciudad Rodrigo and Badajoz (wounded a second time); and he was also engaged at Vittoria, Pam- peluua, tho Pyrenees, and Nivelle. In 1814 he served at New Orleans, and next year joined the Duke of Welling ton s army in Belgium. He was com mander of the forces in Ireland for some time, and on being made Lieutenant- Governor of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, was sucoccded by Lord Seaton. Sir Edward was appointed to the colonelcy of tho 1st Foot in 1854. Lord Clyde commenced his military career in 1808, and with the 9th Foot was engaged at Vimiera and Corunna, Vittoria, St. Sebastian, passage of tho Bidassoa, and was three times severely wounded. In 1814 ho served in America with the 60th Rifles. In 1842 he served under Lord Gough in China, commanding the 98th Regiment. In 1848 ho commanded a division of the array of the Punjaub, under Sir Charles Napier, and was wounded at Chillianwallah ; he was also present at Goojerat. In 1851 and 1852 he was actively omployed against the hill tribes, and returned to England only to pro ceed once more on active service in command of the Highland Brigade, witn whioh ho remained during the Crimean war. He had not been long at home before the Indian mutiny broke out, and Lord Panmuro, then Secretary of State for War, deoided upon placing the appointment of Commander-in-Chief in India in his hands. The gallant old soldier mado his decision at once. We believe the offer was made and accepted one afternoon in the private walk which leads from the Pall Mall to the Mall in St. James' Park, and that Sir Colin Campbell was on his way to Iudia before twenty-four hours had expired. His distinguished services during the mutiny, for whioh he was raised to tho peerage, need not bo enlarged upon. Lord Clyde was appointed to the coloneloy of the Coldstream Guards in 1860. — Globe, November 19. 