TO CORKESl'ONDENTS. "One of the Autll/ncfj" will understand Ihntonr soleil. slro was to u'd what anpfnre<l to booncof those intellectual purmhs which arc pleasantly springing np annngst the people, but we have taken note of his suggoition, and understand. Tobacco bids fair to becomo almost immediately one of tho most successful of the " new industries," which our climate puts within reach of the culti vator of the soil. Our high summer temperature and bright sunny weather, together wioli the mildness of the spring season here, mark Victoria as a country specially fitted by nature for tho pro duction of " the weed " in greatest perfection as to quality, — particularly for cigar- tobacco ; whilst our Melbourne chocolate soils give promise of most satisfactory yields in respect to quan tity. Tho simplicity of its culture, too, scarcely moro difficult than growing broccoli, offers inducements to tlie ordi narily careful farmer to undertake its production, without fenrs for the result. And though some practical skill will have to he acquired in curing the leaf for tlie manufacturer, this presents no insurmountable obstacle to success, if the requisite attention is bestowed upon the work. In suitable soil half a ton — that is, 1120 lb — would he but a modernto crop. And this, at Is. per lb., represents a gross return of LOG per acre, irom which, after deducting all expenses of cultivation and curing, there still remains a net profit far beyond what can ho obtained from almost any other product, not even excepting silk or wine. At the same time there is, moreover, this great ad vantage attaching to tho growth of to bacco, that, unlike the vine or the mulberry, the grower has not to wait three or four years for a return from his outlay. On the contrary, ho realises- his profits within the season of his planting, as in the case of grain crops. It is obvious, then, that tobacco-culture ought to make progress in this country with tho utmost rapidity and steadiness, provided our farmers and large gar deners possess only ordinary forethought and enterprise. They have every ad vantage and inducement on their side to urgo them on to the pursuit of this special branch of industry, without finding any serious obstacle in then- path. Notwithstanding this opportune state of things, it would, however, seem that circumstances are conspiring to thwart, temporarily at least, the advantageous results, which should otherwise he looked for with certainty, in this parti cular line of agricultural enterprise. A correspondent, whoso communication on the subject we lately published, points out the nature of this par ticular impediment to the immediate spread of tobacco-culture in Victoria, lie tells us that tho growers find them selves nt the mercy of the three or four manufacturers at present in the colony, who, having a monopoly of the market, offer just any price they choose; and that this price is considerably below what the growers think themselves, from the manufacturers' own state ments, entitled to expect. This, how ever, is hut the growers' side of the question ; and, perhaps, if the manu facturers were heard on tho matter, they might satisfactorily establish the justice of their complaint, that the raw leaf is not always cured, and presented to them in a proper and merchantable state of "preparation. And they might he able to justify their offering prices' much below those which they had at first led the growers to expect. But without offering any opinion on the joint one way or the other, it is mani fest enough that the want of brokers or agents, to facilitate transactions on a satisfactory basis between the producers of the raw material and the manufac turers, as pointed out by our correspon dent, is a bona fide grievance, Ps far as tho former are concerned. A broker, Competent to take a sample of new leaf and pronounce it " in case," as it is technically termed, that is, fit for the manipulation of the manufacturer, would be a most desirable auxiliary in tlie satisfactory disposal of the crop brought under his notice, and is in fact a requisite agent for the proper conduct of the tobacco market. IIo would bo nble, if the home manufacturer refused an adequate price, to ship the article to England, and thus, by rendering the grower independent of tho colonial inarket, secure for him the true valuo of his production in a legitimate mannor. Ho would liavo no difficulty in making a satisfactory advance upon it, in the first instance, or when he had ascertained by a few shipments the exact estimation put upon the article in the British market, purchasing it at onco for export. Or, if the grower should he reluctant to trust to his own skill in perfectly curing his crop, the broker could buy it in a partially pro- pared stato — that is, after it was dried, and before it had undergone the " sweating " process. lie could under take this latter operation himself. This is the practice which obtains to a great extent in Missouri, and some others of the tobacco-producing districts of " the " far "West " in America. There, the farmer, when ho has dried his tobacco- plants sufficiently to admit of their safe removal, takes tiicm to the broker, and the latter buys them at a prico which leavos a margin for his future operations. Ho then undertakes himself all the risk and expense of giving them that preliminary fermentation, which is called "sweating," and which is neces- sary, in order to develop all tho finer qualities and aroma of the loaf, and at tho same time to givo it that silky pliancy, which fits it for packing and safe deportation on board ship. Tho sumo practice will no doubt arise, in due lime, in this country ; for it will best suit the purpose of both parties. But in order that such a condition of the trade should arise here, the growth of tobacco in Victoria must ho on a far larger and more general scale than lias as yet been the case. And with a view to this state of things, the growers, instead of withdrawing from tlie culti vation merely bocauso they havo not in all instances secured the price they ex pected, should rather aim at producing quantities largo enough to oncourago the operations of the broker. By this means alone cau they overcome the monopoly of the colonial manufacturer, and reap the full profit of their enter prise. A crcfp which gives such n splendid return as tobacco docs, should not ho lightly abandoned by those who look to the cultivation of the soil as tlieir main occupation. United with the vino and other simitar industries of warm climates, it would mako the Vic torian agriculturist one of tho most prosperous and independent of hus bandmen to be found on the globe. The Leg'slative Assembly resumes business to day, but tbo notico paper contains little of general interest. There is now no doubt tiint Mr Patrick Ilannn Iras been elected na the representative of the Eastern Province in the Legislative Council. Tho number of votes recorded in ills favour appears to be 112, whilst those for Mr Pinnock amounted to only 5-i. Two votes were recorded at Yea, but we arc not apprised for whom, and, undrr the circumstances, it docs not very much matter. Tlie business to ho transacted at the City Council to-day, although not very important, will probably occupy a considerable amount of time in its disposal. Amongst the order? of tlie day nro two reports of the Legislative Commit tee, submitting for approval drafts of addresses for presentation to Sir Henry Bnrkly and Sir Charles Darling. Tho report of tho Health officer upon the condition of lodging-houses in the city is to be presented, mid n plan for tlie appropriation of tlie grant in aid amongst the various wards will be considered. The remain der of tiic business is of a very uninteresting character. Is King Kadamn rcaliv dend ? In spite of the news brought by the Seiim, the matter still seems to be questioned. We find this paragraph in a Launccston contemporary : — " Captain M'Dougnll, of the Itoya! Arthur, Iras placed U3 in possesion of Mauritius journals to tho 15th of July. In reference to tho rumour that Radama II. of Madagascar is not dead, wc may mention that the Mada gascar correspondent of the Port Louis Com mercial Gazette, writing from Tatnatavo, on the 15th of Juno, says that tho common people at the capital (Tananarivo) do not believe that the King dead. It was 6nid that he was so im perfectly strnng'cd, that ho showed signs of life an hour nfter tlie operation. This was taken advantage of by designing persons to spread tlie report referred to, thus helping to keep alive the disaffection which was manifested by many towards tlie present Government. On the 23rd he writes that similar reports had been current nt Tamalave, but that they did not emanate from any reliable source." "We learn from tho Bcudigo Advertiser -that the appointments of Captain Skene, and those of the non-commissioned oflicers, made by Colonel Pitt when in Sandhurst on Thursday, will dnte from that day and not from tlie time of nrrivnl in New Zcalnnd. On their arrival in that colony the formula of swearing iu will liavc to be goao through. Mr G. P. Verdon was admitted, on Satur day, a barrister of (lie Supremo Court. His ndmlssion was moved by the lion, the Minister of Justice. To-day, at the Ulster Arms, there is to ho a meeting of gentlemen opposed to tho new rules for I lie admission of bavri.teis. We have advices from South Australia to tho 2nd inst., hut the news is unimportant. Wo learn from tho Warrnamb-oi Examiner that tlie entire liurso Nelson was purchased from MrJ, Jcllic, lnit week, for tho sum of LSGt). The horse would have been shipped f.,r Mel bourne per last steamer had tho weather per mitted. We beg to remind those of our readers inte rested in aquatic amusements, that a meeting will be held to-morrow evening, at Marshall's hotel, to elect a committee In connection with tlie forthcoming regatta. As the success of the arrangements will in n groat measure depend on the qualifications of the committee, it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance. The Talbot Lender says that a very bnndsoma solid nugget weighing 4-loz was purchased by Mr J. F. KolJy, storekeeper, Avoca, on Tuesday last. This philosophic view of a flood In tho Goul- burn is taken by n correspondent of tho Kil- raore Examiner : — The monotony which is in separable to a small township like Seymour, is occasionally relieved,by the erratic tendencies of the Goulburn river, which now and again seems moved by some sudden impulse to make a grand display to tlie infinite delight of tliejuvonile mem bers of the township. Tlie Goulburn river is in one of these moods to-day. It lias been rising rapidly since sunrise, and would cause a feeling of alarm if this was the first time it overflowed its banks. Nearly every inhabitant is more or less inconvenienced by a flood, butthe harm it docs is more than counterbalanced by a wholesome stimulus, mid tlie pleasure which a large body of water iu motion irresistibly produces. The subjoined scores were made at tlie Bal laarat rifle butts, on Friday, by the four compe titors who are candidates to siioot against tho Sydney team in the intercolonial riflo shooting match. It will be seen, says the Star, that Sergcnnt Sleep made no less than 112 points, the highest that has been nrade in the colony, and defeated private Greenfield, who made 110 points ou Friday week:— Scrgo nt Sleep, 112; Ser geant Dixie, 105; Sergeant Mumby, 85; private Greenfield, 75. From tho Star we learn that on Wednesday eveniog, Mr English, the mayor of Adelaide, accompanied by Mr Harrison, a merchant of that town, arrived in Ballaarat, and visited on the following day (Thursday) the Kob-i-Noor Company's claim, and tlie worhs of tlie Black Iiill Company. We understand (hat both gentle men expressed their astonishment at the magni tude of the work? of each company, and were surprbed at the size of Ballaarat and tho quality and permanence of iis buildings. They Ielt en Thursday ovouing for Geolong. The number of prisoners who wera confined in II.M.'s Gaol, Melbourne, on Friday lost, was 202 males, 3 females, who were thus classified : — For trial before tho Supremo Court, 10 ; before magistrates, 10; at other stations, 1. Under sentence : Boad gang, 14 ; hard labour, 00 males, 2 females; imprisonment, 50 males, 1 female; lunatics, 2; in default of bail, 12; debtors, 4. Deceived during the week, 75; discharged, 84. Tlie number of visitors to tiis Museums of Natural Ilistery, Geology, nnd Economic Geology applied to Mining, Agriculture, and the Arts, during tlie week ending 5tli September, was 883. Total for tho month of August, 3304. Tlie museums arc open to the public da'Iy, Sundays cxeiptcd, from ten a.m. till five p.m,, iu the north side of the University. Tlie Talbot Lender broaches rather a novel viow of quartz mining It-is a very common occur- | rcncc (says our contemporary), for blocks of . stone to underlie each other, and to widen out or to narrow in, nccording to surrounding -cir- j cuinstances. For instance, tbo nraln block I known ns the White Horse reef, and the samo rcntnrk will apply to the Mariner's reef, nt Maryborough, was about seventy feet in depth, tlie whole of which paid more or less to take out. Beiow this main block was another and a much wider reef, tiie former nvernging about one foot, nnd the latter varying from toil to twenty feet in width. Expcr.cncc will enable us to itnte authoritatively that tlie smnc quantity of gold was distributed throughout, the lower reef ns ns had been found in tlie upper, lmt being scattered throughout n much larger body of stone, rendered the extraction of tlie whole of tho gold anything but remunera tive to the workers, owing to the time of necessity to bo expended, and tho cost of crushing nnd carting operations. Tho same phenomenon was at one time, nnd is doubtless now, observable in tlie Mariner's reef, Mary borough. These Tacts are cited to show how even practical men may misunderstand the nature of that in which they arc working, and by not watching the variations in width as well as in the yield of gold from the stone they nrc taking out, may arrive nt sucli conclusions ns will mislead outsiders. Had those wide blocks boon followed down until tlioy narrowed in again, tiie chances are that as good stone would hare been ultimately found as any that lir.d been removed from tlie uppermost stratum of the surface reef. Tho expected appearance of tho Polytechnic Ghost at the Pivot seems to he causing no little sensation. We find tlie following notice in the Chronicle : — " A Ghost will appear on Monday and Tuesday next, at tlie Mechanics' Institule, and/the Ghost will be illustrated by ' A Strange Lecture' from Mr II. Merlin, who by his name probably is n descendant of the Ancient British Magician who threw an togis round King Arthur, and was tlie prototype of Slrakspere's Pros-cro. A " Polytechnic Ghost," patented for the colonics, docs not smack at all of the ghosts of our youth. Ugh ! there is an ugly recollection of that feeling, of yew trees, tomb stones, dark church porches, flickering lights, corpso candles, and the silent tones of tlie tale tel'er, nnd the creeping together of tiie auditory as the climax approaches, and tlio' — oh ! Now there will be nothing of this sort in tlio optical ghost, which will appear in duo form nnd distinctness, with all the pnraphcr- nnlia of the supernatural for the price of the entrance money paid to sco it. This patent ghost is open to any good engagement ; prefers crowded places nnd good company, nnd has e decided objection to the antiquo and pre judiced habits of the ghosts of old, that delighted in forlorn apartments nnd dismal scenery. In fact, it is n social ghost, desirous of popularity, and who can boast that his relation iu London appeared f. r 150 nights to delighted audiences." Another man, named Michael Merc, has fallen a victim to the practice of working in improperly propped drives, nt Sandhurst. This is the obituary furnished by the Advertiser : — This accident is another added to tlie list of those arising from a suicidal recklessness in mining. There was nil utter neglect of the smallest precaution in tlie way of propping. Had even one prop been put in tlie centre of the drive, the gTound in nil probability would have been held up. There is something awful in tiie fatality of this case. Tho man was warned a minute previous to his death, and he replied with a joke ; and the same re gardless spirit is too frequently displayed by our miners. Tiie into deatli at tho Sebast'an, and the one of yesterday, occurring from a similar cause — the want of propping — is'n warn ing to the digging population which should be seriously attouded to. The foundation stone of a new linll for the Williamstown Lodge of tiic M.U.l.O.O.F. will bo laid by Dr Groevcs, P.G.M., on Wednesday next, assisted by P.G. Gilbert. The procession will move from the Lodge-room, Napier hotel, at half-past two p.m. A large number of the brethren conno .ted with the Melliounie Lodges Iravc signified their intention .of being prcseut. A dinner will be provided afterwards at Knight's hotel. The annual meeting for election of office bearers to the "Melbourne Hebrew Congrega tion," took place yesterday, at tlic Vestry Chambers of the Synagogue, Bourko street west, when tlie following gentlemen worn chosen to fill tho various offices: — Henry Honvitz, Esq., president; S. Lazarus, Esq., treasurer; Edward Cohen, Esq., M.L.A., Charles Davis, Esq., Simeon Cohen, Esq., B. Benjamin, Esq., A.Ellis, Esq., II. C. Pirani, Esq., momberso committee ; Mr Henry Harris, secretary. Tlie Jewish feast of" Boash Hosanna " (New Year) falls this year 5C34, on Monday nnd Tuesday, tlio 14th and 15th; and"Yom Kipur" (Day o: Atonement) on Wednesdny, 23rd inst. It may, not inappropriately, be hero mentioned that the liberality of this congregation hns enabled tho trustees to liquidate entirely the very heavy debt contracted in erecting tills, about tlic finest, synagogue in the Southern hemisphere. Mr A. Priestley, who hns so long and so creditably filled the office of secretary to the Melbourne Gas Company, having accepted the position of accountant in the Nntional Bank, his connection with the company has ceased. On Saturday last the employes of the company met at the offices for the purpose of presenting Mr Priestley with a mark of thrir esteem. Mr James Scott, who succeeds to the sccrclaryship, was voted to tlie chair, and in the course of tho pro ceedings, on behalf of tlio employes, presented Mr Priestley witii a silver tea service and an illuminated address, in which they " conveyed to hiin their sincere respect and esteem for the courtesy and kindness displayed by him in tlio discharge of his official duties." Great regret was also expressed at the severance of their con nection with Mr Priestley. A suitable reply was returned by this gentleman. Mr Alexander Kennedy, late of the firm of Scott and Kennedy, a well known nnd respected citizen of Coliingwood, who Iras long tnken an active part in educational and religious matters in that district, having embarked upon pastoral pursuits in tlie far North, tiic following compli mentary address, emanating from tho religious body with which he was more immediately asso ciated, lias been forwarded to him : "To Alexander Kennedy, Esquire, late congregational treasurer of St. George's Presbyterian Church, Coliingwood : Tlio adherents of St. George's Church cannot permit jour official connexion with tlie Presbytcrinn cause in Coliingwood to cease without recording their regret at your departure from amongst them, and expressing their earnest wishes for your future succe.s iu life. The assiduity witli which you have dis charged tlie onerous financial duties attendant on the organisation of n new congregation — the liberality with which you nt all times responded to its numerous calls — and tho hearty, zealous manner you entered into its various schemes— together with your labours in connexion with tho educational interests of the district— have en. dcarcd you to those with wlioin you were so long associated, and who feel that, in parting from you, they lose a truly cherished brother nnd trusted friend. _Jt will, tliey hope, long be a source of gratification, whilst pursuing the new and hazardous enterprise upon which you iravc embarked, to know that your disinterested nnd single-minded devotion to the spiritual wants ot the Presbyterians of Coliingwood lias been duly appreciated by them; and it may, likewise, kiudlc within you a feeling of legitimate pride to know that you have been greatly instrumental in establishing what promises to be a flourishing congregation in a district where it wns greatly needed, and in raising up a noble and substan tial church wherein the Presbyterians of Col iingwood could worship their Creator. May the Great Shepherd guide you in your undertaking's, nnd may your career henceforward bo in keeping with tlic sincere desire of your friends in Col iingwood. " Tho address, which is surrounded witli emblematical embossings, and is a beautiful specimen of illuminated letterpress, is signed, on bohnlf of tho managers nnd members of the Col iingwood Presbyterian Church, by tho Bev. James Caldwell. Esscndon is one of tho moat beautiful suburbs about Melbourne, and y.t slie does not take her place. Wc observe that a ball will be held in connection with tho Catholic school there, on j the 28th inst. ; nnd ns the purpose of tlic enter prise is tlic advancement of education in tlie district, we trust it will receive tlio support of nl! classes throughout the district. The school lias lately got into debt, nnd tlie gentlemen interested in its progress havo adopted tliis means of liquidating tlic liabilities, while nt the same time they secure ail evenings amuse ment. Their praiseworthy effort certnlnly dc.crvcs every encouragement. From tlio In- I fiucutial committee who have taken this matter in hand, there is no doubt that the affair will bo one of tlie most successful of the kind which has taken place in tlie locality. The third of Mr T. P. Hill's elocutionary entertainments will take place this evening, nt the Mechanics' Institute. Tlic illustrations will comprise selections from Shnkspcrc, Longfellow, Dickson, and Addison. Tho first of a series of lectures on " Palestine nnd St. Paul's and his Times," will bo given this evening, in St. George's Ilall, by the Bev. William Taylor, Wcsleyan minister, late of California. 